1849.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
30tH Cong 2d Sess.
California and New Mexico—Mr. J. A. Rockwell.
Ho. of Reps.
' either of the territories on the norlhtoest or south of
' the Ohio, under the laws thereof, shall escape into
< any other of the said States or Territories, the
' person to whom such service or labor shall be
' due," &c.
The gentleman is, I think, clearly mistaken in
his/acts and reasoning on this point. There was
an express exceptional the ordinance itself which
« enabled a certain portion of the inhabitants of that
territory to retain their slaves. The following is
a proviso to the second section of the ordinance:
' Saving, however, to the French and Canadian
'' inhabitants, and other settlers of the Kaskaskies,
' St. Vincent's, and the neighboring villages, who
4 have heretofore professed themselves citizens of
' Virginia, their laws and customs now in force
' among them in lelation to the descent and con-
' veyance of property."
This act has received a judicial construction to
this effect, but it has been decided that it did not
apply to slaves born alter the passage of the ordi-
• nance of 1787.
The case of Menard vs. Aspasia, in 5 Peters, 506,
. before the Supreme Court of the United States,
although not deciding this point, presents the fol-
lowing facts:
"The mother of Aspapia, a colored woman, was born a
slave at Kas-kaskia, in Illinois, previous to 1787, ami before
that country was conquered by Virginia. Aspasia was horn
in Illinois «uh<equent to thp passage of the ordinance tor the
government of that temtory. Aspasia was afterwards sent
a slave to Missouri. In Missouri Aspasia claimed to bp
froc under the ordinance foi the government of the territory
northwest of the river Ohio, passed 33th July, ]7B7. The j
supreme court of Missouri decided that Aspasia was fiee," j
&c. !
The case was deciTied by the Supreme Court, j
and the writ of error was dismissed on technical
grounds, and not involving the merits of the con-
troversy. ^Indeed, so far were the people in the
Northwest Territory from considering the ordi-
nance a nullity, that they repeatedly petitioned
Congress to suspend the sixth a* tide of the ordi-
nance. On the 21st January, 1807, a resolution
was passed unanimously by the Territorial Legis-
lature of Indiana that to suspend the sixth article
of the ordinance "would be highly advantageous to
the said territory, and meet the approbation of nt
least nine-tenths of the good citizens thereof."
These applications were, however, uniformly re-
fused by Congress, and the ordinance, so far from
being a nullity, effectually abolished slavery in the
whole territory against the wishes of the people.
After the adoption of the present Constitution of
the United States, one of the very first legislative
acts was " An act to provide for the government of
the territory northwest of the river Ohio." This
act was passed on the 7th August, 1789, and the
preamble is as follows:
"Whereas, in order that the ordinance of the United States
in Congress assembled for the government of the territory
northwest of the river Ohio may continue to haveJ all effect,
it is requisite thatcertain provisions should bo made to adapt
-the same to the present Constitution of the United States."
This recognition was clearly equivalent to an
original enactment of this ordinance by Congress.
In relation to the Territories and States formed
out of this territory, there was, m every instance,
a positive reenactment of this ordinance,
i, As there have been some very erroneous state-
ments made in this House, in previous discussions,
in relation to the phraseology of those provisions,
: and the effect of them, 1 think it best, at the hazard
' of wearying the committee, to give, with some de-
. tail, the facts on this subject.
On the 7th of May, 1800, Congress passed "An
act to divide the territory of the United States
northwest of the Ohio into two separate govern-
ments," constituting Indiana Territory. The sec-
ond section was as follows:
"That there shall be established, within the said territory,
a ^vernment in alt i aspects similar to that provided by the
ordinance of Congress passed on the 13th July, 1787, for the
government of the territory of the United States northwest
of the river Ohio, and the inhabitants ibeicof shall be enti-
tled to and enjoy all and singular the rights, privileges, and
advantages granted and secured to the people by the said
ordinance "
In the act for the admission of Ohio into the
Union,-and the meeting of the convention to form
a "constitution and State government," there is
the following proviso:
"Provided, The same shall be republican, and tint repug-
nant to the ordinance of the \3th JvXy, Ii87, between tile
original States and the people and Stales ot the terutory
northwest of the river Ohio.;' , -
On the 19th of April, 1816, "An act to enable the
people of Indiana Territory to form a constitu-
tion and State government, and for the admission
of such Skate into the Union on an equal footing
with the original States," was passed by Congress;
to the fourth section of which there was this proviso:
"Provided, That the s;un<>, whenever formed, shall be re-
publican, and not repugnant to those articles of the ordinance
oj the With July, 1787, whith are declared to be irrevocable be-
tween the original States and the people and States north-
west of theriver Ohio, excepting so much of said article* as
relates to the boundarfes of the States therein to be formed.,f
It should be borne in mind, Mr. Chairman, that
this sixth article is one of the articles which, in the
ordinance itself, are declared to be irrevocable.
To the iesolutions for finally admitting the State
of Indiana into the Union, passed on the 11th of
December, 1816, there is the following preamble:
il Whereas, in pu uance of an act," &c., " the people of
said territory," 8te., "did form for themselves a constitu-
tion and State government, which constitution arid State
government, m> formed, is republican, and in conformity with
the 'principles oj the articles of compact between the original
States and the people dnd States in the ten itory norlhu est of
the river Ohio, passed the l'Sth July, 1787/' See.
The act providing for the adoption of a consti-
tution by the people of Illinois, preparatory to its
admission, passed on the 18th April, 1808, contains
similar provisions on this subject to the act con-
cerning Indiana; and the preamble to the resolu-
tions for its admission into the Union is in the
same precise terms as in the case of Indiana.
The act for the territorial government of Michi-
gan, passed on the 11th January, 1805, contained
provisions similar to those which I have mentioned j
before.
In an act for the establishment of a territorial
government for the Territory of Wisconsin, passed
April 20, 1836, in addition to the provisions in
relation to the other Territories, it was provided
that the inhabitants should " be subject to all the
conditions and restrictions and prohibitions in said
articles of compact imposed upon the people of
said territory" northwest of the river Ohio.
In the act for the establishment of a government
for Iowa Territory, it was provided that the inhab-
itants should " be entitled to all the rights, privi-
leges, and immunities heretofore granted and se-
cured to the Territory of Wisconsin."
Such is a brief history ir^relation to the legisla-
tion as to the free territory and the States formed
out 'of it. It would have seemed that language
could not have been more explicit or better fitted
to convey the idea of the reenactment of the ordi-
nance of 1787 in relation to them all, including, of'
course, the exclusion of slavery from these Terri- j
tories and States. Such was always the under-
standing on this subject, and such the practical
construction given to their various provisions, until
very recently, when the necessity of being relieved
from this overwhelming weight of precedent has
led some gentlemen from the South to seek, by
ingenious and sophistical arguments, to evade or
pervert the plain facts in the case. j
But, sir, as this question of the constitutional ;
power of Congress to legislate on the subject of i
slavery in the Territories is one of the utipost im- !
portance, and for the proposed exercise of which
Virginia, and some other States, propose to dis-
solve the Union, I do not feel justified in omitting
to present all the precedents on this question within j
my reach. The provisions of the different acts of l
Congress, in relation to theTerritories at the south- j
west and south, present the subject in a still
stronger light and with more conclusive foree.
Mississippi Territory was organized on the 7th
April, 1791, and the act provides:
" And the President of the United States is hereby autho- !
lized to es tabli>h thtrein a government, in all le-pects j
similar to that now exercised in the territory noithwest of j
the river Ohio, excepting and excluding the lad article of the \
ordinancenode for the government thereof by the late Congress !
on the l'Sth July, 1787." I
Can there be stronger evidence of the recognition j
of the power to legislate on this subject? The very !
exception of this sixth article, which excluded ,
slavery, is an acknowledgment not only of the va- |
lidity of the ordinance, but of its binding force, j
where no exception was made. And it is further j
shown that, without an express exception,the pre- i
vious general terms would introduce the whole ordi- i
nance as the law of the territory, including the pro-1
vision excluding slavery; and these previous general
terms are precisely the terms used in relation to
the territories to which I have already referred.
But the provisionsof " An act erecting Louisiana
into two territories and providing for the temporary
government thereof," passed on the 26th March,
1804, are still more important in connection with
this question. The tenth section of that act, which
is too long to be quoted in full, provides: 1st.
Against the importation of any slaves from any
place without the limits of the United States into
the territory. 2d. Against the importation into
the territory of any slave, from any place within
the territory of the United States, who had been
introduced into the United States since 1st May,
1798, or which should thereafter be introduced.
3d. 1 hat no slave should be introduced into said
territory,44 except by a citizen of the United States
removing into said territory for actual settlement,
and being, at the time of such removal, bona fide
owner of such slave or slaves." The penalty of
a violation of either of these provisions was a fine
of $300 and the freedom of the slave.
Here, then, is an act of Congress, passed more
than forty years since, under the administration of
a distinguished son of Virginia, prohibiting, in this
Territory, the introduction of slaves from abroad,
when, by the provisions of the Constitution of the
United States, they could not be excluded from the
States prioi to the year 1808, and were not so ex-
cluded; and not only so, but prohibiting theintro-
: duction of any slave who had been or should be
j imported after 1st May, 1798, and even confining
j the introduction of slaves entirely to citizens of
the United States and actual settlers. And all this
in the section of country said to be best fitted for
slave labor, and where it was then in existence.
- No question as to constitutional power was
raised when this act was passed. Virginia did not
threaten to dissolve the Union. Her members
probably voted for the bill; certainly one of her
most distinguished citizens gave his signature to
it. This bill might, with much more propriety,
have been objected to by the statesmen of that day,
than the proposition to shut slavdfy out of free
territory. It might have been urged that, the Con-
stitution prohibiting the abolition of the slave trade
prior to 1808, no right existed to abolish it in the
territories prior to that time. They might have
contended, with some of the Free-soil Democrats
of the present day, that there was a vast difference
between the exclusion of slavery from, or the lim-
itation of it in, territories where slavery existed at
the time of their admission, and the exclusion of it
from free territory. But they took no such ground.
It is most surprising, Mr. Chairman, that with
such acts of legislation as this, participated and
concurred in by the southern States, they should,
at this late day, have the face to object to the
introduction of the sixth article of the ordinance
of 1787 into the territorial bills for the govern-
ment of New Mexico and California. We have
a right to complain, sir, that the South should have
ever opposed this proviso. When they assume
the position of people who are aggrieved, and
whose rights and privileges are assailed, we may
be surprised and regret the strange and unreason-
able opinions and claims set up by them. But
when they undertake to talk of resistance, and
threaten a dissolution of the Union, it is difficult
to say whether that opinion and absurd declara-
tion would excite indignation oi derision.
In connection with this legislation in relation to
Louisiana, I wish particularly to call the attention
of the House to some proceedings in Congress, of
a similar character, in the year 1806, to which, so
far as I know, public attention has not been here-
tofore directed.
it appears, by the Journal of the House of Rep-
resentatives of the first session of the 9th Congress,
that, on the 7th February, 1806, the following res-
olution was adopted:
il Resolved, That a committee be appointed to inquire
whether any, and, if any, what additional provisions are
necessary to prevent the importation ol slaves into the Ter-
ritories ot the United States."
"Ordered, That Messrs. Williams, (of South Carolina,)
Jackson, (of Virginia,) Spalding, (of Georgia,) KeJJey, (of
Pennsylvania,) and Bfac&iedge, (ot North Carolina,) be ap-
pointed a committee in pursuance of said resolution."
On the 17th Fehruary, Mr. David R. Williams,
on behalf of this committee, made a report. This
report was committed to the Committee of the ^
Whole, and, having been considered in committee, *
on the 28th February, 1806, the following resolu-
tion was adopted by the'House of Representatives:
"Resolved, That it shall not be lawful foi any person or
persons to import or bring into any of the Territories of the
