APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 17,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
California and New Mexico,—Mr. J. A. Rockwell.
Ho. of Reps.
"United StateS any slave or slaves that may hereafter be im-
ported into the United Slater"
.. "Ordered, That a bill or hills be biought in pursuant to
,the said resolution, and that Mr. D-ivid R. Williams, and
Messrs. Johnson, Spalding, Keiley, and Blackledge, do pre-
pare and bring in the same."
On the 27th March', the following bill was re-
ported and committed to the Committee of the
Whole House on the state of the Union, viz:
<CA BILf. to prohibit the introduction of slaves into the
Mississippi Territory and the Territory of Orleans.
"Be it unacted, fyc., That it shall not be lawful for any
. 'person x>r persons to import or bring into the Mississippi
Territoiy, or the Territory of Orleans, from any port or
place within the limits of the United Slates, or to cause or
procure to be so imported or hi ought, or knowingly to aid
or aMfest in so impoinngor bringing, any siave or slaves who
shall have heen imported since the fir&t of January, 1603,
into any port or place vvrtlnn'the limits oClhe United States,
or who may hereafter be so imported, fioni any poitor place
without the limits of the United Suites, and any person or
per ons so offending,and being thereof convicted befoieany
court, within the said Tcrritoiies, having competent juris-
diction, shall fin frit and pay, for each and eveiy slave so
imported or brought, the sum of five hundred dollars, one
moiety for the United States, and the other moiety for the
use of the person or persons who shall s-ue for the same.
Provided, That norrtnig in this act contained shall be con-
strued to pM vent any citizen of the United States removing
into either of the said Territories, for actual settlement, from
carrying with him any slave or slaves that he shall be bona
fide owner or at the time of such removal.
" Sec. —. That so much of any act or acts as are repug-
nant with this act, shall, from and after the first day of April,
1806, be repealed, and the residue of said acts shall* continue
in force until repealed."
No further action appears to have been taken in
relation to this bill.
It will be seen, s-r, that four out of five of the
committee that reported the resolution and bill
were southern men, and that South Carolina and
Virginia stood prominently forward on this as on
other occasions. Nor is it merely as a recogni-
tion of constitutional power that I would refer to
this action of southern gentlemen on this question
of slavery. We heard nothing then from the
southern statesmen of that day about Louisiana
having been acquired by the common treasure of
the nation, and that southern men were aggrieved
and injured by any lestnetion upon their occupy-
ing this count!y with their slaves. They not onlv
cooperated with the North in the exclusion of sla-
very from the Northwest Territory, where the
climate was unpropitious, but they took the lead
in seeking to restrict and regulate the introduction
of slavery into the very heart of the slave country.
They regarded slavery as a serious evil, and one
which they would not willingly extend to new
territory.
I have not time, sir, to givje in detail the legisla-
tion of Confess m telation to some of the other
Territories. The Territory of Orleans was organ-
ized on the 2d March, 1805, in which the ordinance j
of 1787 was adopted, wiili the exception of the !
sixth article )n the subject of shivery, and one i
other on another subject." It has been asserted on i
this floor that this ant repealed the tenth section of j
the act of die 2Gth March, 1804. It is not at all ;
essential, for the purpose of our argument, whether I
it was or weis not so repealed; but a careful exam- !
ination of ihc acts, to which I refer gentlemen,
will show that this assertion is erroneous.
In relation to the legislation as to the Missouri
.Perritoty in 1812, and the admission of Missouri
into the Union in 1820, they are too well known
to require that I should repeat that to which refer-
ence has been so often made.
I" i'?lation 10 Florida, so recentlyas 30th March,
1822, in " An act to establish a territorial govern-
ment in Florida," it is provided " that it shall not
be lawful to import slaves,"&e.; "and every slave
so imported or brought shall thereafter become
entitled to and ieceive his or her freedom."
It should be remarked, not only that all these
acts of legislation sanction legislation on the sub-
ject of slavery in these Territories, but the pro-
vision that the slave shall be free when introduced
from abroad into the Territories of Louisiana,
Missouri, and Florida, and other p-rovjsions on 1
the sm>jer:t, are different from the provisions on p
the subject of the siave trade as applicable to the !,
States. |:
in addition to these vaiious acts of Congress to
■ "which I have referred, Congress has always pos-
sessed, and often exercised, the power of repealing
acts of the territorial legislatures, i will only refer
to an instance in relation to the Territory of Flor-
ida. Ihe territorial legislature of Florida having
passed a law imposing a higher tax on the slaves
of non-residents than on those of persons residing
in the Territory, Congress, by an act*passed on
the 30th June, 1834, repealed that law; asserting,
indeed, no novel power, but one which is so ve-
hemently denied by the Solons of the present day.
I have thus, sir, in order to show the utter ab-
surdity and folly of the denial of constitutional
power in Congress to legislate on this question in
the territories, accumulated the proofs, at the haz-
ard of wearying the House by these details. It
shows that- the practice of the Government has
been uniform on this subject; that the power has
been asserted from the beginning, and never seri-
ously questioned until very recently. The Judi-
ciary, the Executive, and the Legislative depart-
ments have all not only acknowledged but estab-
lished the permanent right of Congress on that
subject.
I have not the time to refer to the opinions of
individual statesmen on this question, fully sus-
taining the views which I have tak£n. Those of
Mr. Madison are, however, too important, from
his position, to be omitted, especially in opposition
to views of Virginia politicians of the present day.
In the House of Representatives, in March, 1790,
a debate arose on committing the memorial of the
(Quakers on the slave trade. From the report of
this debate, in 4 Elliott's Debates, 213,1 will read
the remarks of Mr. Madison:
"Mr. Madison entered into a critical leview of the cir-
cumstances respecting the adoption of the Constitution; the
ideas upon the limitation of the powers of Congress jm the
regulations of commerce in s-laves, and showing that they
were not precluded from interfeiing in their importation ;
and generalh to regulate the mode tu winch every species
of business should be tta ^acted. Me adverted to the western
country, and the cession of Georgia, in which Congress have
certainly the power to regulate the subject of slave? if; uhich
shews that gentlemen are mistaken m supposing that Congress
cannot, constitutionally, interfere in the business in any degree
whatever."
And yet, sir, when Connecticut urges upon Con-
gress to exercise this very power, considered by
Mr. Madison undeniable, the Governor of Vir-
ginia recommends that " Connecticut shall be in-
formed that if the policy of her resolutions pre-
vails, it will sacrifice our priceless, glorious Union !"
But, sir, I hasten to the consideration of the
question whether Congress ought to exercise this
power; and I am as clear as to the duty as I am in
relation to the ri%ht and power of Congress with
regard to New Mexico and California.
In the first place, sir, in addition to the wrong
done to the slave, slavery is a great social and polit-
ical evil. It is strange, sir, that this proposition
should ever have been denied; and it is not now
denied even by a ve'iy large portion of the citizens
I of the slave States. In many of those States, if
1 the question were now to be presented as a new
j one, few could be found to desire the introduction
I of slavery. A very serious effort has been made
j at different times to adopt measures to remove this
j great evil, by citizens of some of the slaveholding
! States. And it is very strange, under these cir-
j cumstanees, that they should desire its extension.
| I prefer, sir, on this question, to take the testi-
i mony of southern men of high standing, and as I
i suppose, in every instance,slaveholders themselves
| —and shall confine myself to the distinguished
men of Virginia alone.
Mr. Jefferson has been so often quoted on this
question, 1 will read but a single passage, showing
his opinion.
In a letter to Mr. Holmes, of Maine, on the
Missouri question, cited in Tucker's Life of Jef-
ferson, he says:
" On the subject of slaves, there is not a man on earth who
would sacrifice more than I won't! to relieve us from this
heavy reproach in any practicable way. The cession of that
kind of property, for so it is misnamed, is a bagatelle which
would not cost me a second thought, if in thai way a gen-
eral emancipation and e.\pauiation could be effected,'arid
gradually, with dm* •saenfices, 1 think it might be. But a* j
it i?', we have the wolf b) the eais, and we can neither
hold him nor*e-afelvlet him go. Justice is in the one sea 1<%
and self-preservation m the other." ,
Patrick Henry remarked, in a debate on this |
subject: ''Slavery is detested. We feel its fatal !
effects. We deplore it with all the piety of hu- !
mcinity," &c. I
In the year 1832, an exceedingly interesting de- j
bate arose in the Virginia Legislature in relation !
to certain propositions for the general abolition of
slavery in that. State. From this debate I would
refer quite at length to the able and eloquent re-
marks of a number of the distinguished membem
of that Legislature,
I will read some extracts from a few of the
speeches then made.
General W. H. Brodnax,of Dimviddie, said:
"That slavery in Virginia is an evrJ, and a tratiM endent
evil, it would be idle and worse than idle tor an) human
being to doubt or deny. It is a mildew vvhn.li has blwhted
in its course every region it has touched from the creation
of the world, illustrations from the hi-ton ol other coun-
tries and other times, might be msti uetive and profitable,
had we time to review them ; bui we have evidences- tend-
ing to the same conviction, nearer at hand, and acces-ible
to daily observation, in the short history of the different
States of tins great Confederacy, which aie impressive ui
then admonitions and conclusive 111 their character,H&.C.
The Hon. C. J. Faulkner remarked:
"Slavery, it is admitted, is an evil; it is an institution
which presses heavily against the best interests of the State.
It banishes free white labor; it exterminates the mechanic,
the artisan, the manufactmer; ltdeprives them of occupa-
tion ; it deprives them of bread; it converts the energy ot a
community into indolence, its power into imbecility, its
efficiency into weakness. Sir, being thus ir juiiou>-, have
wo not a right to demand its extermination ? Shall society
suffer that the slaveholder may continue 10 gather his crop
ot human flesh? What is his mere pecumai) claim, com-
pared with the great interests of the common weal? Must
the countiy languish, droop, die, that the slaveholder may
flourish? Shall all interests be subservient to one—all rights
subordinate to those of the slaveholder? Has not the me-
chanic, have not 'the middle classes, their rights—rights
incompatible with the existence of slavery
The Hon. T. J. Randolph said;
"Slavery has the effect of lessening the free population of
a country. The wealthy are not dependent upon the poor
for those aid* and those services, compensation for which
enables the poor man to give bicad torus family. The ordi-
nary mechanic at ts are all piactised by slaves. In the serv-
itude ot Europe in the middle ages, in years of famine, the
pooi had to barter then liberty lor bread: the) had losui-
render their liberty to some wealthy man to save their fam-
ilies from the horrors of famine. The slave was sustained
in sickness and famine upon the wealth of his mastei, who
preserved him as he would any other species of property.
All the sources of the poor man's support wer% absorhi d by
him. In this country he cannot become a slave, hut he flies-
to some other country more congenial to his condition, and
wjiere he who supports himself by hone-t labor is 1101 de-
graded 111 his caste. Those who remain, retting upon the
<uppo t of casual employment, often become more degiaded
in their condition than the slaves themselves."
The Hon. James Marshall said:
" Wherefore, then, object to slavery? Because it is ruin-
ous to the whites; retards improvement; roots out an indus-
trious population; banishes the yeomnmy of the country;,
depnves the spinner, the weaver, ihe smith, the shoemaker,
the carpenter, ot employment and support. The evil ad-
mits of no remedy. It is increasing, and will continue to
increase, until thre whole country will he inundated by one
black wave, covering its whole extent, with a few white
faces here and there floating on the surface. The master
has no capital but what is vested m human flesh. The
father, instead of being richer for his son*, is at a loss to
provide for them. There is no diversity of occupations, no
incentive to enterprise. Labor of every species is disrepu-
table, beeause performed mostly by slaves. Our towns are.
stationary, our villages almost everywhere declining, and
the g-neral aspect of the country marks the curse of a waste-
ful, idle, reckless population, who have no interest in the
soil, and care not how much it is impoverished. Public
impiovemeuts are neglected; and the entire continent does
not present a region lor which nature ha& done so much,
and art so little, if cultivated by free labor, ihe soil ol Vir-
ginia is capable of sustamnig a derive population, among
whom labor would be honorable, and whei e k the bu-\\ hum
of men' would tell that all were happv, and that all were
free."
Extracts from the speech of the Hon. James
McDowell:
" We know that the picture is the ' counterfeit present-
ment' of the ti ue one. We know that inefficiency ami lan-
guor charactej ize our movements; that enterprise is scatcely
known to us, but from observation ol its influence on other
communities. We know that the blessings of our position,
and soil, and climate, are countervailed by the apathv of our
public council-*, and by our exclusive reliance upon invol-
untary labor. Our mtere&ls and semes pioclaim the prog- -
less of general decline: conscience and experiemo attest
| that slavery is its principal catne. Js it not so ? When we
1 look at Virginia a* a whole, without pausing upon the bright
I and the beautiful that still show foith as minute qualities
I of her character, hut look at her 111 reference to her everv-
j day practical habit and appearance, is she not am thing but
j prosperous? Do we nor, in lhi«- re-pect, contemplate her
! iu-ily when we regard her as nieagei, haggard, and enfee-
bled—wnh decrepitude stealing upon her, limbs—a  siven
over to Icamie-s and impotencv ,aod a-* wasting aw ay under
the improvidence and inactivity which eternally accompany
the fatal institution that she cheiMirs— ami cherishes, 100,
as a mother who will hazard her own life rather ihanpait
even with the monsiron- oftVpnng that afflict? her? Sir, it
is true of Virginia, not merely that she has not advanced,
but that in many lop^h she has greatly declined. And
what have vve got a< :i compensation for this decline—a
comporHHtioii tor Jhi- disp.itity between what Vucima is
and what she rmtrht have been ? Nothing but the right of
property in the very beings who have brought this di-panty
upon ih. This is our p. \; tln^ js what we have got m ie-
inunerate us for our delinquent pro-p^nry—to repav us for
our rie-oiated fn Ids, our toipid enterprise ; and, 111 thi-< dnrk
d:iy of our humbled importance, to sustain our hopes and to
soothe our pride as a people." * * * *
