236
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 19,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Governments for the New Territories—Mr. Donnell.
Ho. of Reps.
utterly deny. It would not, by so doing, seriously
relieve the present slave States from those evils of
slavery sol eloquently depicted by the Virginia
statesmen, and, on the other hand, would spread
the blight and mildew through the entire country.
It would lower free white labor; it would extermi-
nate the mechanic, the artisan, the manufacturer,
where they now are, and would not introduce
them where they are not. It woul8 not render
labor reputable at the South, while it became dis-
reputable at the North. It would banish th6 yeo-
manry of the country, and deprive the spinner,
the weaver, the smith, the carpenter, the shoema-
ker, of employment and support at the Worth, add
would not introduce them at the South.
It is a great mistake.to suppose that the propor-
tion ofslaves should be very large in order to pro-
duce these desolating effects. A comparison of
.the free and slave States bordering on the Ohio
river shows the contrary. The same is true in
relation to the new territories, and the spread of
the slaves of the South over a portion of them. It
is worse than if the present non-slaveholding States
should SUmit slavery, because it might require the
slow operation of time to change the habits of a
free people; but the evils would at once appeaj in
the"new regions of New Mexico and California.
Mr. Chairman, I would as soon, if in the Legis-
lature of my own State, vote to restore slavery, in
order to aid in this diffusion of it, fts standing here,
with the responsibility of legislating for these new
territories, give my vote for its admission, or omit
to give my vote for its exclusion now and forever.
I consider the duty as imperative in the one case
as in the other. I would insert this proviso when
it would have, as at present, the binding force of a
legislative act, or when introduced and applied, as
"on former occasions, with no such force, but with
the scarcely less important purpose of giving a
public and solemn legislative declaration, that if
territory were acquired, the free States would in-
sist that it should be free now and in all future
time.
I was against the acquisition of this territory.
I desired not that any root of bitterness should
spring up in the midst of us. I rejoiced in giving
my vote against it, and at the same time of giving
fair notice that if it came in I should to the last
claim that no slavery should go there. There are
gentlemen now on this floor, the faithful supporters
of the author of the Nicholson letter, who urged
the seizing of this territory, and some of whom
desired the plundering of' the whole of Mexico,
and seemed to take pleasure in the idea that these
ill-omened acquisitions would lead to new sources
of contest and heartburnings between the different
members of this great nation. I have no such
pleasure. I regret most deeply, seriously regret,
that any cause of alienation and unkindness should
have arisen, and I rejoice to say, that those with
whom it has been my honor to be associated polit-
ically, both from the North and South, united in j
seeking to avoid the occasion of this controversy. !
As I utterly despise all threats of disunion, or of j
any other kind, proceeding from the few ultra men j
of the South, so do I detest and abominate the tone. ;
of low vituperation, of unmeasured and disgusting 1
abuse, which is sometimes bestowed upon the j
South, and by none more recklessly, or with more '
bitterness, than those persons of the Democratic !
party who have heretofore b^en the friends and j
allies of a set of violent southern politicians. I
I need not say to you, sir, or the House, that as I
J have in all times past, so shall I in all future !
time give my voice and vote in favor of freedom I
and against slavery; and shall seek, in the earliest :
and most effectual manner, to exclude it, not only j
from the present Territories of New Mexico and !
California, but from any territories which may be I
hereafter acquired, whether the same shall at the ■
time include slaves or not; but I shall never vote !
to acquire any such territory, whether at the South :j
or tflfe North. |j
With these well known and settled opinions, ii
and with the determination at all times to give I
them full effect, I can see neither patriotism, nor /
wisdom, nor sound policy, nor kind philanthropic
and christian feeling, in seeking every occasion to '
wound and irritate and insult the feelings of the !|
South. It has sometimes seemed as though the |j
purpose of some gentlemen was more to give vent j!
to personal bitterness and ill-will toward the South {I
than any sincere desire of benefiting the slave or ] States, and as Mr. Calhoun officially, as Secretary
promoting the cause of freedom. A sneer or
sarcasm has been indulged in, even if defeating an
important movement in the cause of freedom.
I have thus, sir, endeavored- to show that Con-
gress has the constitutional power, and that it
ought to exercise it in excluding forever slavery
from the territories of New Mexico and Califor-
nia. I wish ta'say a few words in relation to the
origin of this whole matter.
The preamble of the Connecticut resolutions
declares that the annexation of Texas was the
cause of the war with Mexico, which has resulted
in the acquisition of these territories, although,
probably, that war might have been avoided were
it not-for the course pursued by the President.
- I think it both proper and profitable to refer to
the annexation of Texas, connected as it is so inti-
mately with the subject which I am now discuss-
t ing, and to show to whom it is that we are indebted
j for that iniquitous transaction and the long cata-
S logue of evils which we have suffered, and which
j are still in store for us.
It is due to a portion of the South to say that
this measure was not so much a sectional as a
party measure, an3 was carried through Congress
by the Democratic party such at the West and
South, with the incidental aid furnished by the
so-called Liberty party of that day in securing the
election of Mr. Polk.
In order to show that I am correct in these state-
ments, I refer you to the House Journal of the
second session of the twenty-eighth Congress. On
the 25th January, 1845, the joint resolution for the
annexation of Texas having been amended in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
the question arose on the adoption of the resolu-
tion, and decided on the yeas and nays—yeas 120, I
nays 97. Of those in the affirmative there were j
but seven Whigs; these were from the southern
States. But eighteen southern Whigs voted in the
negative. All the Democrats cxcept twenty-eight
voted in the affirmative, fifty-four of whom were
from the North or non-slaveholding States: that
being thus within one of one-half of those in the
affirmative northern Democrats. Of the Connect-
icut members, Mr. Catlin alone voted in the neg-
ative.
On the 28th February, 1845, these resolutions
were returned fiom the Senate with an amend-
ment. In this stage of the proceedings there were
only two ways of defeating the whole measure of
| annexation. One was a certain and effectual de~
j feat of the whole measure in every form by laying
1 it on the table. On this vote there were, in favor
j of laying on the table, or defeating the measure,
;j 59 yeas. The nays, or those against defeating the
;; annexation project, were 120. Of these yeas, they
ij were all Whigs but one; and all the Whigs voted
ij for it except seven, including in the yeas seven-
!j teen southern Whigs and one northern Democrat
j —that is, the whole of the Whig members of the
| House of Representatives, including seventeen
, southern Whigs, voted finally to defeat the annex-
; ation project, and only seven Whigs—six from
| the South and one from the North—voted on the
1 other side. The 120, whose vote showed that
i they were in favor of the annexation in some form
| or other, were all Democrats but seven; and of the
j 120, seventy-eigftt were northern men, and forty-
| two southern men, including Whigs and Demo-
| crats. Of these 78, seventy-seven were northern j
j Democrats, and only one northern Whig. It thus i
i appears not only that there were nearly two north- |
! erri members to one from the South voting for the j
| annexation, but that the majority of northern mem- j
I bel-s were greater than the majority of southern ,
! members in favor of annexation.
: On the same day the question arose on the con- !
curring in the amendment of the Senate to the ;
resolutions. The vote stood 134 yeas and 77 nays. '
All Democrats, North and South, except two, j
voted in the affirmative; and all the Whigs, North
and South, except one, voted in the negative. i, _
On both of these last votes all the Connecticut 'j House bdn? 111 the Whole on the state
delegation were present, and voted against laying !l of the u,uonj (Mr* Cabell, of Florida, in the chair,) and
A "" e~  J ' having under consideration the bill to c.irry out, in part, the
of State, declared in oider to protect the slave in-
terest of the South; yet, sir, some of these very
men, thus voting, are men not only open-mouthed
and clamorous and-abusive in their professed zeal
for "free soil,4'and denunciatory of the uniform
and early and constant supporters of freedom and
free territory, but many of them do not even pro-
fess to have repented of their heinous sin in annex-
ing Texas. They seek to make the distinction
between voting to admit an unbounded region of
slave territory, and admitting slavery into territory
which they have previously annexed. This is
clearly no defence, and the reasoning of these gen-
tlemen would to-morrow justify them in voting to
admit the island of Cuba with all its slaves.
I refer the House to speeches from some of the
leading Free-soil Democratsin both Houses, during
this and the last Congress, delivered in the hearing
of us all. I find in the Congressional Globe, of
the first session of the 29th Congress, a report of
a speech of the honorable gentleman' from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Wilmot,] August 8, 1846, on the
two-million bill, to whtch the next day, or the day
following, on his motion, the fajnous Wilmot pro-
viso was annexed, from which I read:
u He referred to the annexation of Texas and his affirma-
tive vote on the proposition connected with it at tViis session;
he was for talking it as it was. Slavery had already been
established there. But if free territory comes in, God forbid
that he should be the means of planting the institution upon
it."
And my honorable colleague in the Senate, [Mr.
Niles,] when explaining the vote he was about to
give on the acceptance of the Texas constitution, is
reported in the Congressional Globe as follows;
" He had determined to vote \n the affirmative. He did
not regret the passage of the resolution, although he did re-
gret that the mode, by which the object had been accom-
plished, had not been as acceptable as he had desired.5'
It will be recollected that the vote given by both
these gentlemen, and all or nearly all the Demo-
cratic members of both Houses, was in favor of
accepting the constitution of Texas, which abso-
lutely prohibited the exclusion of slavery from its
territory; and that among the number may be
found the names of some of the most prominent
members of the Free-soil party in New York and
other States.
It also should not be forgotten that this very
constitution of Texas paid no regard whatever to
the Missouri compromise line, or the resolutions
of admission recognizing that line; but if Texas
has any territory north of 36° 30', it is all by this
constitution irrevocably slave territory.
Mr. Chairman, I have referred to the history of
this greatest of political offences not only to show
to whom the country is indebted for this source of
endless mischief, but as being a useful lesson for
the future. That history has already been written
in the blood of thousands of our citizens. The
prospect for the future is not bright or cheering,
and where it will end, and what will be the result,
no human mind can foretell.
There is another lesson which these facts would
teach, and that is, that those who have so recently
joined a portion of the South in this measure of
annexation, and thus extended the area of slavery,
should show a little modesty as well as contrition
when lecturing their late allies, and especially that
j it ill becomes them to indulge in the tone of the
} Pharisee, but rather, after sincere repentance for
' so heinous an offence, to take the more humble
I position of the publican.
! GOVERNMENTS FOR THE NEW TERRITORIES.
SPEECH OF MR. R. S. DONNELL,
i OF XOjflTH CAROLINA,
In the House or Representatives,
February 19, 1849,
On the Bills to establish a Territorial Government
in California and New Mexico.
on the table and m favor of the amendment.
Although, Mr. Chairman, this worst of all meas-
ures was carried by northern Democrats, thus
voting in a body for the introduction of slave ter-
ritory of an immense extent, clearly and confess-
edly in violation of the Constitution of the United
twelfth article of the Mexican Treaty-
Mr. DONNELL spoke as follows:
Mr. Chairman: At this late period of the ses-
sion, I feel great reluctance to ask the attention and
to consume the time of the committee in explaining
