1849.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
237
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Governments for the New Territories—Mr. Donnell.
Ho. of Reps.
the reasons which will govern my votes upon the
different plans that have been prepared for pro-
viding a government in California and New Mex-
ico. If I could consult my feelings, my present
indisposition would induce me to postpone my
remarks until the territorial bills come up for our
consideration. But the great uncertainty of ob-
taining the floor upon an occasion when my remarks
would be more appropriate, compels me to follow
the example of others, and present the views that
have impressed themselves upon my mind at this
time.
I have listened with great attention to the de-
bate upon this subject, pai ticularly to the earnest
and eloquent, appeal of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Preston,] and the no less eloquent
and impressive remarks of my friend from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Milliard.] But I have not been able
to bring my mind to the support of either of the
plans respectively advocated by them. I cannot
regard either of the bills, proposed as a substitute
for those which the committee have reported, in
the light in which they have been presented by
their authors. There are objections which sug-
gest themselves to me, too strong to be sacrificed
to the faint hope held out to us of settling thereby
the agitating question of slavery. I think gentle-
men have deceived themselves with the hope to
settle it in the way they propose. I shall endeavor
to show, in its proper pl^ce, in the course of my
remarks, that they leave the question where they
found it, and that they have no reason to believe
that gentlemen from the North would not be as
pertinacious in their attempts to attach the objec-
tionable proviso to any bill admitting the Territory
as a State, as they have been to the bills for a ter-
ritorial government.
The bills reported by the Committee on Terri-
tories are unexceptionable, except in the section
which embodies the ordinance of 1787, known to
the country now as the Wilmot proviso, it is
that alone which distracts and divides us. The
honorable gentleman from "Virginia proposes to
avoid all our difficulties upon this subject, by ad-
mitting at once into the Union, as one State, the
whole of this newly acquired territory. He thinks
that we are bound, by our constitutional obliga-
tions to do it; that there is a e^reat constitutional
principle that requires it, the principle of self-gov-
ernment. He puts it upon the broad general prin-
ciple that it is our duty, at the earliest possible
moment, to accord to the people in these territories
the right to govern themselves. While I assent
readily to the position, that the principle of popu-
lar sovereignty lies at the foundation of our insti-
tutions, I cannot agree with him in its application
to these territories in their present condition. He
asserts, very truly, that the Government is only
the trustee of these territories, but he errs when he
treats the people there as the cestui que trust. I
quote from his speech:
"Here are a people, numbering two hundred thousand,
asking you to surrender the trust, to give them the rights
guarantied to them, and for which tins acquisition of terri-
tory was made; and, I ask you, does the point of honor
forbid your giving it Hp to them ?"
I hold that the people of the United States—of
the North, the South, the East, and the West-
are the proper cestui que trust. Suppose the ac-
quisition of a territory entirely uninhabited, would
there be any doubt who are they for whose benefit
it is held, to whose interest we should look in order
to learn the nature and object of the trust? Well,
in the progrees of its settlement, when is there a
change either in the people for whom it is held, or
the object we have in view? Would one settler
there, or any small community of settlers, produce
such a change? It is, as I contend, our purpose
and our duty to build up sovereign, independent
States, by establishing a temporary government,
by extending over it our system of land laws, and
disposing of it upon such terms as in our judgment
will most speedily and effectually accomplish that
purpose. We are not to create the mere form of
a State, and transfer thus the execution of the trust
to the hands of those but recently our enemies, and
now strangers to the spirit of our institutions. YVe
are not to surrender the trust, in the whole or in
any part of it, until the*purpose for which we hold
it is accomplished. That will happen when any
portion of the proper size to constitute a State be-
comes generally settled, so that the more direct
interest of those who have settled it is paramount
to that of the people of the States. When that
time arrives is referred to the discretion of Con-
gress. It is impliedly referred to us in the clause
! of the Constitution which declares that "new States
j! may be admitted by Congress into this Union;"
i: and, if not, it must be inferred from the nature of
the trust. 11 admit that the discretion must not be
|i arbitrarily exercised. But there is no prescribed
j| limit to it. The only limit is that which*arises
|j. from the nature of the trust. It is a great mistake
n to suppose that we are to discharge ourselves of
|j this trust "as soon as possible." We may, by
j! treaty stipulations, bind ourselves, in good faith,
:S to do so under any circumstances; but then the
; obligation arises out of the contract. In the late
i treaty with Mexico the original proposition from
Mexico was, that we should bind ourselves to
admit the territories which we acquired "as soon
as possible." The Senate very wisely annulled
it, and expressly reserved to Congress the right
to judge of the proper time.
It I am right in the view I have presented, it is our
duty to look to other things than the fact that there
are about one hundred and fifty thousand Mexi-
cans and Indians there, and about fifty thousand
emigrants. We should look to our own people,
to the situation and condition of the country, the
nature and character of the people, and to their
numbers as compared with the extent of country
they inhabit. This, then, is one objection to the
proposition submitted by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia. It is precisely because 1 regard it as a
sacred trust, and because this is the ground upon
which the South stands in her opposition to the
Wilmot proviso, that I qannot assent to the bill.
Give up this principle, and we have no ground
upon which we can oppose the Wilmot proviso.
In the language of the gentleman from Virginia,
the question passes from under us. Let us glance,
for a moment, at the condition and comparative
settlement of the country. The country which we
have acquired covers an area more than ten times
as large as New York, Pennsylvania, or North
Carolina. It contains 526,078 square miles, and
335,887,920 acres, and the estimated number of
inhabitants is about 200,OOU; of which three-fourths
are Mexicans and Indians. What a monstrous
proposition to admit these at once, with this mag-
nificent extent of country, upon an equality with
the rest of the States, and thus put into their hands
the power not only to make a constitution for the
whole of that teiritory, but to shape the policy of
j a large portion of country that may eventually
Ij control our destiny as a nation. Who are these
;! fifty thousand emigrants that are said to be there:
They are not American citizens alone. The gold
mania has spread over the whole continent of Eu-
rope, and England and Germany are sending their
thousands as well as Boston and New Yoik. I
have no doubt that many enterprising and respect-
able American citizens have gone there, and will
still continue to go. But, as yet, few have gone
with the intention of remaining. Many have gone
to speculate upon the labor of others. Many have
been dazzled with the prospect of picking up a for-
tune, to reali7e a fate perhaps worse than the curse
of Midas. Besides, we have not yet granted title
to one foot of the land. They are all mere squat-
ters, whose vocation it is, not to cultivate and im-
prove the land, but to appropriate the property of
the people of the United States. Is it for those
people, m this condition of things, that the great
principle of our Revolution is invoked ? And is it
for them that the blood of our gallant citizens was
poured out upon the heights of Cerro Gordo, and
on the ever memorable field of Buena Vista? I
ask, how can we justify ourselves in passing such
a sweeping naturalization law as is proposed, and
surrendering into such hands the trust which is
ours to execute ?
I will now examine how far the fundamental
principles of our Government are violated in form-
] ing a territorial government for the people of Cali-
I forma. Wherein is any republican principle vio-
lated? We give them a legislature, and^ the selec-
tion of the members of that legislature. They thus
have, as fully as we do, a voice in the enactment
of the laws that are to govern their property, and
their civil relations to each other, subject to the
supervision of Congress. We do not legislate for
them; we only reserve the power to supervise, for
the purpose of protecting the rights ana the tnter-
j ests of the people of the United States against any
j aggressions on their part. Their political relations
; only are controlled by Congress. Taking into
| consideration the condition of that Territory, there
seems to me to be an obvious propriety in a terri-
torial form of government. There is certainly no
. violation of the spirit of American republicanism
i in it. True, until they become a State, they have
| no constitution. When a people make a constitu-
tion, they determine upon the fundamental princi-
ples that are ever afterwards to limit their own
: legislation. It is generally made difficult to alter
1 or amend it, that it may have a character of sta-
bility. It is not usually made subject to the will
of a majority. It gives a fixed political character
to the government.' It is the corporeal frame of
the government. It comports with our ideas of
a republican constitution, that it should' not only
concede powers to the majority, "but that it should
also impose restrictions upon that ma jority for the
protection of the minority. Are the little handful
of people now in New Mexico and California to
be allowed to establish almost unalterably the con-
stitution of that country, and to mould the polit-
ical institutions for perhaps millions of our citi-
zens? If we give them the power to form a con-
stitution for the whole of that country, why might
they not embody in it restrictions that would have
a material effect upon its future settlement? I do
not see that they have any more constitutional
right to put restrictions upon territory which they
do not occupy than Congress has.
The honorable gentleman from Alabama very
properly argued that we ought not to permit them
tfius to extend their power over the whole; and I
think the spirit of the argument I have given is
destructive to his bill also, for he proposes to bring
the people there under the laws of Texas; under
a constitution aad laws in the enactment of which
they have had no voice; and it is giving to Texas
the trust which we have no right to abandon. His
bill does not appear quite as objectionable as that
of the gentleman from Virginia; but I do not thmk
it can be sustained. It is subject, in common with
the bill proposed by the gentleman from Virginia,
to many of the objections that I have urged. The
spirit which my friend from Virginia thought he
saw walking upon the bosom of the storm-tossed
ocean, and bidding him " be of good cheer," was
the creation of his patriotic and anxious fears. It
was born of the gloom and darkness that envelops
our political sky—a spectre of the imagination,
assuming the heavenly form of American republi-
canism. It is visible only in the dim and confused
light of hope, and fades away at the approach of
reason, like the disturbed ghost " at the herald ef
the morn."
If I understood the proposition of the gentleman
from Alalfama, as explair^gd by him, it still leaves
territory south of 36° 30', and we should still have
this exciting question on our hands.
Mr. MILLIARD (interposing) said: The gentle-
man is mistaken.
Mr. DONNELL. 1 understood the gentleman,
in laying off the proposed boundaries of Texas, to
begin at her eastern boundary, on the parallel of
36° 30', and run along that parallel to the Sierra
Nevada mountains, and then to follow the course
of the mountains to the Pacific, which does not
include a part of the territory west of the moun-
tains, and south of 36° 30'.
Mr. HILLIARD. That I proposed should be
erected into a State.
Mr. DONNELL. I am happy to be corrected.
But as I now understand it, all the objections which
1 have stated to the project of bringing the Terri-
tory in as a State apply to it. If we are to bring
these people into the Union, I think the bill pro-
posed in the Senate by the Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Douglas] preferable to any we have before
us, and that, I think, leaves the old boundary ques-
tion between Texas and Mexico as simple a judi-
cial question as the proposition of the gentlfeman
from Vnginia. I have great objections to a State
or States so largely disproportioned in area to the
otherStatesof the Union. While they are sparsely
populated, the expense of keeping up their gov-
ernments would be very burdensome to them, and
the execution of their laws difficult and embarrass-
ing. As they fill up, their relation to us becomes
a matter of grave consideration. Every introduc-
tion of a new State into the Union disturbs the
