238
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 19,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Governments for the Neio Territories—Mr. Donnelly
Ho. of Reps.
relations of the whole, and the introduction of one
bo largely disproportioned to the others, would
exercise an influence upon the country, "for weal
or for woe," which we cannot foresee, and which
no human prescience can foretell. .No matter what
may be the variety of climate, or soil, or interest
within the boundaries of a State, there is a feeling
of State pride, and sympathy with State institu-
tions and State interest, which binds together her
citizens, and would exhibit itself in these Halls.
Suppose the golden dreams of some gentlemen
should be realized, and this new State should have
a thriving population, that would entitle her to ten
times as many Representatives as any other State
in the Union: what is to wrest from her the con-
trol of the whole legislation of the country? Again,
the weight which each State has in the flection of
the Piesident depends' upon the number of her
Representatives. She would have ten times the
number of electors that any other State would
have, and the electors from California', chosen
perhaps by a bare majority of her citizens, would
make the President for the whole country. In
view of these things, it is our duty to limit the
boundaries of States which we admit, so as to pre-
serve, as nearly as possible, the relations which
j now exist. It is no answer to say that a dispro-
portion already exists. That'we cannot avoid.
We should see that it is not increased. It is said
■we can divide it hereafter. But you give up all
power over it when you have erected it into a
State. You must have the assent of the Stale first;
and although there are instances in the early his-
tory of our country of the surrender on the pa*t
of a State of the power which a large extent of
.country would, m process of time, give it, [ am
not willing to run the risk. As long as a State can
conveniently support its government, it is exceed-
ingly improbable that it would be willing to yield
any of its territory, in the present state of civiliza-
tion and science, when "space is annihilated," and
the mighty power of steam links together the re-
motest interests. There are no longer difficulties
in keeping together, under one government, coun-
tries that differ widely in their soil or their climate.
What, think you, the great State of New York
would say to a proposition to divide her territory?
How would Texas receive, even in her present
situation, a similar summons on the part of this
Government? Sir, it is idle to expect that when
a State has struggled through all the difficulties
and the burdens o"f its first existence, and become
strong and prosperous, it would sunender the pow-
er which it has acquired at the summons from i
Congress. !j
After nil, Mr. Chairman, what reason have we ! '
to believe that the people of California and New "
Mexico would accept our proposition to (hem to
erect a State government? Aie they willing now
to take upon themselves the expense of a State
government, particularly one as extensive and
burdensome as we propose' On the contrary, we
have every reason to believe that they would not,
not only from general reasoning upon the subject
m i l\At  «    __.J I i .
.  — ;,.wov.u WiOl., UUll WC&IIUUK
give them a territorial government. The gentle-
man from Michigan [Mr. McClelland] has al-
ready referred the committee to the petition which
they sent us daring this session,' in which it is ex-
pressly declared that they do not wish to come m
as a istate now. Is it not probable that the next
Congress will find this question again before us?
Ag8in: what reason have gentlemen to think that
the North would not insist upon the proviso to
their hills, as well as to a territorial bill' Would
not the considerate and moderate gentlemen from
the Ivorth have to yield to the action of those who
live upon the agitation of the subject of slavery?
What consistency would there be'tm their part to
permit either of these bills to pass without the
proviso, and insist upon attaching it to a territorial
lull . Jt is admitted by all, that from the nature
and soil of the country, and the habits and educa-
tionof those now emigrating to u, there is no pos- ;
™ y  i ! 1 instltu,Ion established there. !
  . i ,!,0'yil,ormr of the institution drives them
to establish the precedent, so as to mark upon the
legislative recoids of the country their tidying 1
the,- iny,he Alavery0116 inch fi"--
the Wilmot proviso; and if we cannot, so far as
my action goes, the people of1 California must re- [
main as they are now. I will not hazard the insti- ,
tutions of my country, or its happiness or pros- j
perity, to give a government to California. I wpuld
rather it should fall bapk into the hands of Mex-
ico, with all its glittering elast and its Pactolian
strean^, _ The reason that we cannot settle this
question is, that there is not enough of conciliation
and conservatism here. The course of the ultra
gentlemen, both from the North and South, has
produced an unnecessary and unfortunate excite- ;
ment upon this subject. The more moderate gen- {
tlemen from the North justify their course in sus- I
taming measuies which they would not introduce, j
on the ground that they would have to make ex- !
planations to their constituents. 1 call upon them !
hereafter to meet the responsibility, and make |
whatever explanations may become necessary. :
| The importance of the occasion demands it; their i
country requires it of them. The intemperate ;
manner in which this question has been discussed ;
here, both on the part of the South and the North, j
deserves, and will meet, the indignant condemna- !
tion of the country. -.If the North had been con-
tent to put themselves upon the broad position of
public policy, and contended, in mild and concil-
iatory terms, for the exclusion of slave labor from
a country unfitted by nature fpr it, on the ground
, that it was for the ultimate prosperity of that coun-
■ try, they would have found the South respectful
I listeners, and might have entertained some hope
! of obtaining its acquiescence. But they have not
i chosen to pursue such a course. Their uitraism
j has carried them so fat that they have gravely
; labored to sustain the position that there could be
! no pioperty in slaves, and that the United States
| Government has never recognized it. They do
i this in the face of the decisions of the Supreme
] and Circuit Courts of the United States made by
; northern judges, of the repeated action of the
! ^eaty-making power of the Government upon the
! subject, and of the legislation and sanction of this
House. They constantly labor to depreciate and
discredit those patriotic representatives from the
North who do not partake of their fanaticism. A
member from Ohio, on. Saturday last, went so far
as to attack the character anu impugn the motives
of our respected Speaker. He charged him with
packing the committees of the House, with a view
of sustaining the slave poicer in the House. An
imputation upon the motives of the highest officer |
of the House reflects upon the honor of the House, \
and attaches itself to every member here, particu- j
Uuly to those who elected and have sustained the !
Speaker, and, 1 do not doubt, is indignantly spurned '
by gentlemen of both parties. j
Mr. GIDDliYGS. 1 impugned no motives of \
the Speaker. j
Mr. DONNELL. I will give way for an ex-
planation, provided it be short.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I do not wish to make any
explanation. I desire to set myself right.
Air. DONJNELL. 1 shall not give way then. I
,   "AVVW.V, uuv x UM IClHCIlJUCl
the impression made by him, and 1 profess to know
i the meaning of the English language. He had an
opportunity of setting himself right immediately
after the charge was uttered. My friend from -
Maryland [Mr. Evaxs] reminded him at the time 1
that the Committee on the District of Columbia '
to which he referred, was composed of five from
the non-slaveholdmg States, and four from the
slaveholding Stales; and, in defiance of these facts,
he had the temerity to leiterate the charge. He
charged that these northern gentlemen, or°someof
them were "northern dough-faces," and that the
Speaker "knew his men." Sir, let me teli that'
gent,email that the dignity, ability, and impartial- i
( ity with which the honorable Speaker has dis-
; charged the perplexing duties of his honorable
} station, places him high,/ag/t above such base and
; calumnious charges. The country is justly proud
, oi him, and nothing can happen which will tend
; so much to fix him in the place he holds in the"
esteem and confidence ofthepeople as such a charge
, from such a source. s ■
| 1 was sorry to see the course pursued a few davs
ago by the gentlemen from New Hampshire, [Mr. ;
vv If. .1 tt? h Aoo fo w/1 n L ^ ^.. . i
tw in'lhe territory of this Sm^t'th o ^ Se"tleme,n ^ Ham^,
all time to come. Sir, if we can Jf. = I li , , 0>,'VV se ,lt'3 and character, jf applied i
bUl3'^ - i- a territoriaj bill wk^out ii ^
He em-i
phatically declared that he would sooner see, not
only "the dissolution of the Union, but the disso-
lution of the universe," than to see the institutions
of slavery extended " one-sixteenth part of an inch
further." In his zeal he charged that the slave
interest had controlled the measures of the Gov-
ernment ever since its existence as a government.
If so, it has controlled them very much"to the profit
of the North. I have not the time to refute this
point. His speech may have its effect upon the
elections in New Hampshire, but it does not pre-
sent the subject wluch he discussed in its true light.
I will not accuse him of a want of candor; but how
can he justify the position he has taken—that the
South is asking him to legislate the institution any-
where? This is the impression which his speech
will make uppn every uninformed reader; and will
make, 1 doubt not, upon his .constituents. The
South asks him to forbear to impose an odious
restriction upon them, when he must-admit that
the North is to gain nothing by it. I may be asked
why we resist when we are to lose nothing? 1 will
state why I do. I resist it on the position that it
will establish the precedent, that the legislation of
Congress is to be perverted to carry out, not the
interest, but the mere wanton mischievous wishes
of the North.
Mr. CROWELL. The precedent is already
established. 1 ask the gentleman if the ordinance
of 1787 is not a precedent in point?
Mr.DONNE.LL. I do not legard "that as forcing
upon tile South an abstract, unnecessary principle,
which is unjust. That was a compromise, or rather
a voluntary concession, on the part of the South,
'j and was unanimously passed. The Missouri
compromise was a concession, also, by the South.
' I Wo> Slr> 'he precedenthas not yet been established;'
! but I have no doubt would be very soon, if the ultra
wishes of the gentleman were to prevail.
^ And now, sir, I will be pardoned for comment-
ing upon the course pursued by the South. We
have heard here, during the last session and the
present session, repeated threats of disunion. I
have been astonishpd at the deliberate manner in
winch they have been made, and the approval
given by many gentlemen to the intemperate reso-
utions which have been sent here from the legis-
latures of several southern States. The threat now
is "sound and fury, signifying nothing." But
we are criminal if we familiarize our constituents
with the idea of disunion. To do so, is to enfeeble
the ties that bind us together. I have no fears
now of the dissolution of the Union. If politicians
would have it dissolved, the people will not No
sir, there is a sacred regard for the Union in the
heaits of the people. It is the compact of a great
and growing confederacy—the fruit of our stru^le
for independence the work of the heroes andThe
sages of the Revolution—the ark of our political
a ifT^ ^ fountain ofourgreatnessand our "lory.
All the cherished reminiscences of the past Sf our
common struggle in the cause of fieedom. of the
j oppression which we endured together, and which
j we together resisted, and together conquered-all
I that is gratifying to our pride and honorable in our
histoiy, and al that is commemorative of the pru-
dence, the wisdom, and the patriotism of our fore-
rCOnSp"'e to S've " a ho,d upon the hearts
J Ot the American people that is a sure guarantee of
I Us preservation. i lepeatit; 1 have no fears of the
! ° Ur"' As 1 look dow  the long
i vista of the future, 1 see a numerous aiid prooper-
; j People, the cnizens of one great and glorious
j Union, minglin- harmoniously and happily to-
■' fheif,' a w°r'de'- 'g. as they read the records of
1 ™, '-hat such madness should have seized
j upon us in this day of our political existence, f
j may be nnsuken, but I will chng to the delusion,
i V, AmerlCdn poet has said, that " man is born to
s,? T "fons;"and "■ maybe. >  >"-
; manlife that early ripeness ought to admonish us
•? ,y d'>5oiut,on-" ^ so, lot us heed the
admonition; let us not hasten it by our willful ira-
prudence; et us run out the course of our destiny.
Why should our country 
"  f''11 a moment etc her time?
No. Let us draw her ten*oiT,eo<lom out
In its full length, and ^pm it to tilt* ;
So shall we gain still one day more of hbertv.''
Sir, disunion is but another word for revolution
and lor civil war. There can be no such thiri°- as
a peaceable dissolution of this Union,. It-can be
