1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
241
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Government for California—Mr. A. Evans.
New Series No. 16.
Our courts, in determining these questions, must
look to the treaty, the compact and understanding
between the parties; and, in arriving at that, they
must take the contemporaneous exposition. In
the case of Foster vs. Neilson, already referred to,
they have declared that they have no right to con-
strue a treaty when the government has put a con-
struction upon it. Here" is a construction in the
most formal manner put upon this treaty by the
agents of the government, and up to this time ac-
quiesced in by the Government. There were also
a class of eases of Empresario titles made by Mex-
ico in the territory comprised within the limits of
Texas proper .before the 2d March, 1836,Which
Texas has declared void, and which have been
since granted away by Texas. Can the original
grantees cause these titles c< to be acknowledged
before the American tribunals?" The gentleman
from Texas [Mr. Kaufman] seemed to think that
they would not come within the meaning of the
protocol, because there were no formal grants in
the proper legal acceptation of the term, and my
friend from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] very properly
reminded him that the protocol used' the word
" titles" also. But if that had not been the case,
these Empresario titles would be included in the
meaning of the word grant. The Supreme Court
have decided that question also.*
At this part of his remarks, Mr. Donnell's
hour expired.
* In the case of Strother vs. Lucas, 12 Peters' Rep , 410,
the court have declared, that by grant in a tieaty is under-
stood any warrant, concession, order, or permission to survey,
possess,'or settle, evinced by writing or paroi, or presumed
from possession."
GOVERNMENT FOR CALIFORNIA.
SPEECH OF MR. A. EVANS,
OF MARYLAND,
In the House of Representatives,
February 26, 1849,
On the Bill to provide a Territorial Government
for California.
The House being in Committee of the Whole 011 the state
of the Union, (Mr. Vinton, of Ohio, in the chair.) and
having under Consideration the bill to provide a territorial
government for the Teiritory of California-
Mr. EVANS rose and addressed the committee
nearly as follows:
Mr. Chairman: I acknowledge that it- is with
considerable diffidence that I rise to address the
committee upon this occasion. I have been pre-
ceded by a gentleman [Mr. Root] who has brought
to this discussion an information so extensive, an
ability so marked, and an eloquence so persuasive,
that whatever I can say must seem uninteresting
in comparison. He has, indeed, gathered for me
an audience; that I shall be able to retain it, is
more than I dare promise to those who listen so
patiently and attentively to these opening remarks.
And yet, sir, I propose to myself no trifling theme,
no little and unimportant subject, no project beneath
the dignity of the legislation of a mighty empire.
TJpon the contrary, sir, it is indeed, a very consid-
erable question, and one upon whwh seem at present
to be staked the peace, the welfare, and the pros-
perity of the whole Republic, and that question,
the prominent existing causes ofdifference between
the northern and southern portions of this nation,
and the means and prospect of their removal.
Foremost among all these causes, are those which
spring out of the bill now under consideration—
whether we will provide the means of security and |
protection to the people of California; and if we
will provide those means, how we will provide
them? It is, in short, sir, the question of the gov-
ernment of those vast territories, which we have
acquired by a treaty of peace, closing a war of
almost unrivaled military splendor, achievement,
and renown; territories acquired, too, sir, by the
most lavish expenditure of life, and a boundless
profusion of treasure. In every way the subject
commends itself to us by its dignity and import-
ance, and it behooves us to approach it with a
becoming sense of its magnitude, and with a proper j
feeling of our own duty. What I have to say, sir, j
upon this subject, I have reserved unto this time, j
because I have always felt an unaffected repug- :
nance to speak <xut of place, and upon subjects not 1
16
properly .the objects of the consideration of the
House; and I trust that I may be permitted, with-
out impropriety,' to make it the object of my own
honest self-gratulation, that never since I have en-
joyed the honor of a seat upon this floor, though
during that time I have frequently addressed this
body, have I ever spoken except to the business of
the House and to the particular matter at the time
under consideration and debate. Sir, I hope there
is no indelicacy in having thus alluded upon this
occasion.
And now, sir, let us examine what are the
measures before us, for thje government of the Ter-
ritory of California. First, we have the bill of the
chairman of the Committee on Territories, [Mr.
Smith,] a bill in its general features resembling
those which have, in former years, been enacted
for the regulation of the various Territories which
have, from time to time, been established by this
Government; for that bill a substitute has been
offered by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Preston:] to the latter I shall, for a few minutes,
more particularly call the attention of the commit-
tee. It is as follows:
" Sec. 1. Be it enactcd ly the Senate and Home of Repre-
sentatives o f the United States of Jhncrica in Congress assem-
bled, That the Congress doth consent th<U a new State may
be erected out of and including all that teriitory ceded to the
United States by the treaty ofpeaee, friendship. limits, and
settlement with the Republic of Mexico, concluded 2d Feb-
ruary, 1848, with a republican form of government, to be
adopted by the inhabitants of said termoiv, assembled "by
delegates m convention, as hereinafter provided for that
purpose, in order that the said State may be admitted into
this Union.
" Sfo '2. Jhid be it further cnactcd, That the fore^oingcoji-
sent of Congress is given upon the lollowhig leservations
and conditions: Fiist, That the United States hereby un-
conditionally reserves to the Federal Government all right
of property in the public domain, and other property ceded
to the United States by the treaty of peace aforesaid, free
fiom all taxe  01 a^essments of any kind by tho said State;
and, also, the power of disposing of the same, including the
right of adjusting all claim mid title to land derived from for-
eign governments, in such manner as (Jongiess shall pre-
scribe. Second, That the new State shnjl be formed and
its government adopted prior to the first day of October, in
the year of our Lord, 3849.
" Sec. 3. J3nd be it further enacted, Thai, on tho said first
day of Ociober, 1849, the said new State having been thus
foimed,by the name and style of the State of California, and
with the consent of the people thereof, shall be received and
admitted into the Union as a new and entue member of the
United States of America.
" Sec. 4. Jind be it further enacted, That the acting Gov-
ernor of California, so soon a? he shall be provided with a
copy of this act, to the end that the people may have an op-
portunity of e^tabhfhing for themselves a constitution and
republican form of government ior said State prior to the
first day of October next, shall immediately proceed to lay
off the countty embiaced within the l-nutc of the pinposed
State into convenient distnets for the election of delegates
to a convention ior the purpose of forming a State constitu-
tion, and shall designate the tune and place of holding the
election m each district, appoint the officers to conduct the
same, and prescribe the mode of making the returns thereof;
and shall appoition the delegates, fifty in all, among thescv-
eral districts, as near as may bc,'accordingao the number of
legal voters m each; and be shall also designate the time
and place for the assembling of said convention. Every
white male inhabitant of said terutorv, being an actual resi-
dent of the proposed State, and having attained the age of
twentv-one years, shall be entitled to vote at said clcciion.
" Sec. 5. Jlnd be it Juitker enacted, That the State of Cali-
fornia, when admitted into tins Union, in conformity with
the provisions of this act, shall be entitled and continue to
be entitled, until the next gencial census, to two Represent-
atives in the House of "Representatives of the United State-;;
and in all other respects, as far as they may be applicable,
the laws of the United Slates shall extend to, and have
force'in, the State of California."
it wit! be perceived, by the committee, that this
bill provides that a new State may be erected, out
of all the territory ceded to the United States by
the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, concluded with
the Republic of Mexico, on the second day of
February, eighteen hundred and forty-eight. Sir,
when I say, at the outset, that I intend to give this
substitute my support, I may be allowed to^ state,
nevertheless, some of the objections which pre-
vail against it; when I declare that, in my estima-
tion, the gentleman from Virginia has been actuated
only by the loftiest and most patriotic considera-
tions in proposing it, I only assert what I am sure
is the unanimous opinion of this House, and I
trust, sir, of this country.
And, in the first place, the imagination is startled
at the idea of the immense extent, the almost
boundless area of this mighty region; it is a coun-
try, sir, thaf from its southern boundary, below
the port of San Diego, to its northern, under the
forty-second degree of latitude, has a length of
coast of more than a thousand miles—as great as
it is, on the Atlantic, from Boston to Savannah—a
country extending through ten degrees of latitude,
^and five and twenty degrees of longitude, and con-
taining an area, in my judgment, of more than half
a million square miles. 1 know, sir, that the map
sent to us'from the General Land Office, makes the
area less; but, in this I am satisfied, that that map
is inaccurate, or at least inconsistent with itself;
by it the Northwest Territory, north of the Platte
river and the State of Iowa, and east of the Rocky
Mountains,and westofthe Mississippi, is reported
to contain seven hundred and twenty-three thou-
sand square miles; yet, it requires only a glance
of the eye, to perceive that the extent of territory
acquired from Mexico, greatly exceeds it. I am
justified, then, in estimating the latter, as at least
five hundred thousand square miles, or an area
capable of making sixty States of the size of Ma-
ryland.
Sir, there is everything to distinguish this re-
markable country from our own; its clim'ate, soil,
productions, and physical characteristics, are ex-
tremely different from anything with which we are
personally acquainted. Along the Pacific coast,
the fertile valleys of the San Joaquin, and the Sac-
ramento, are shut in between the i^ange of the coast
j mountains, and the lofty peaks of the Sierra Ne-
i vada, which, as their name denotes, are covered
1 with almost eternal snows. In the streams which
j flow from their gorges, that gold is found, which
j rivals in its reputed abundance, all thatthe Spaniard
i in his palmiest day ever dreamed of El Dorado.
' Beyond the Sierra is the great basin, wild, unin-
j habited, unexplored, except where the energetic
j and daring Fremont has set his wandering and in-
j quisitive step; here all seems to be one vast waste,
| one ilhmitable^Jesert; still further east, shut in by
| mountains, along the declivitous course of the Rio
I Bravo, are the Mexican towns of Santa Fe, AH>u-
! querque, and Taos; and here, seated upon a few
; fertile spots, is all the civilized population of New
j Mexico: this latter is separated from the people of
| the-Pacific coast by two or three immense ranges
j of mountains, and by the unexplored region of the
| great basin of Alta California; but not more by
these than by the diversity of their habits, and
! pursuits. So much for the geography of this re-
I gion. . .
| It is next proper to inquire what the population
1 of California may amount to? The gentleman
i from Virginia, in his speech, set it down atone
; hundred and fifty thousand persons; my own osti-
; mate, from all the information I have been able to
: obtain, is widely different. CapUm Wilkes esti-
mated the number, in the year 1848, to be thirty
thousand; and, as at & former census, only-one-
sixth of the population was white, we cannot
estimate the white population at more than six
, thousand. I am aware that large numbers are
| supposed to be en route from the United Stales,
I but their numbers have been greatly exaggerated.
! They do not, from the most authentic accounts,
; exceed eight or ten thousand; adding these, we
have forty thousand for the population of Doper
California, so far as known, including whites,
half-breeds, Spaniards, Mexicans, and Indians,
instead of one hundred and fifty thousand, as
estimated by the gentleman from Virginia.
[Here Mr. Preston interposed, and said that
he had not estimated the population of Upper
California at one hundred and fifty thousand per-
sons, but that he had included the population of
JJew Mexico also, m order to obtain that amount.]
Mr. EVANS, in continuation, remarked: lam
very happy to have that correction from the gen-
tleman from Virginia; yet, sir, it will not remove
the objection which I am about to make to the
bill on that score, and that is, that the population
in California is, as yet, too sparse, too little ac-
quainted with the nature and workings of our
!: institutions, to be intrusted with the government
:j of so vast a State. Sir, the condition of pupilage -
'! is not yet passed with them; on the contrary, it
i has {scarcely begun: how few among them there
ji are able to appreciate the respect due to the laws,
lj the necessity for the control of passion; and a
■! regard for the will of a just majority? It is a
country m which, heretofore, every change has
been a revolution. WJiat then can we expect from
their management at present?
But there is an objection, stiU more serious,
founded upon the extent of territory. The evils
resulting from a small and an uneducated popula-
