appendix to the congressional globe.
[Feb. 26,
30th Cong,....2d Sess.
Government for California—Mr. A. Evans,
Ho. of Refs.
iion will not be of very long continuance; the
multitude of persons who will be attracted to that
country in the next few years, by the thjrst of
gold, auri sacra fames, or by the desire of adven-
ture, will, in the nature of things, prevent that
objection from lasting during any great length of
time. But, sir, when the population does- become
dense—when it reaches anything like the propor-
tion- to the area occupied that obtains in the At-
lantic States of this Union, what may we not fear
from the creation of a State so vast? Sir, its power
will be incredible. More than equal in extent to
the whole original thirteen States of the Union;
situated upon the borders of an ocean, whose
other margin washes the shores of the furthest
east; with all the capabilities of a vast commerce,
SO far at least as the Sacramento, and San Joaquin
valleys are concerned; bordering, at the South,
upon a neighbor weak, and little capable of making
defence; peopled, as it will he, by the most ener-
getic, restless, and inquisitive people to be found
in the whole world: what, I say, may we not fear
from its wild and recktess-iftdependence?
Sir, it Jias been but a few days since you ex-
tended your revenue laws over this country. I am
*proud to say that 1 resisted that extension, that I
opposed it by every means in my power, and that
I voted against it. I did not, and I never will, con-
sent to tax this people', while we deny to them the
benefitof government, and even of protection. But
suppose, sir, that at some future day, they, in the
plenitude of their power, set your revenue laws at
defiance, and refuse to submit to the collection of
customs,and the levy of taxes in their ports—what
means have you at command, to compel compliance
from a State, whose area is half a million of square
miles? .None, sir; none at all. Beside, I do not
believe that any State ought to be created, whose
size greatly exceeds that of the rest. The power
of representation in this House, ought -not to be
greatly different among the different States. There
is, perhaps, too great a disparity at present, and it
ought not to be increased.
Such, sir, are some of the objections which may
be #urged -against the adoption of the substitute
offered by the gentleman from Virginia. They
are, in my opinion, of great weight; and, if time
permitted, others might be added to the list. Let
these suffice. I have no doubt that they Have sug-
gested themselves to the gentleman from Virginia.
Yet strong, and weighty, and influential as I con-
ceive them to be—ill-fitted as I think that territory
is for a single State, in which the people of one
portion are separated from the people of another
oy trackless deserts and impassable mountains—
difficult as I admit it would be to attend any central
or other seat of government and legislation, yet,
sir, notwithstanding all these difficulties, I am pre-
pared to give thfs substitute my support in prefer-
ence to the bill reported by the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Smith.]
I will not stop now, sir, to express my opinion
of that bill, or of some particular provisions of it;
nor to inquire whether those provisions ought, or
ought not, to form a part of it. It is sufficient for
me to knoV that a deep-seated dislike to some par-
ticulars of that bill, more or less, pervades fifteen
States of this Union. It is sufficient for me to know
that a condition of excitement exists, suGh as has
hitherto been unknown from the foundation of the
Government, that it increases from day to day,
and expresses itself in every variety of speech and
action. Sir, when the legislatures of several States
of this nation pledge themselves, in advance, to
resist certain measures; when others upon adjourn-
ment desire that they may be immediately convened,
if some of the provisions of this bill be adopted by
Congress: when I see about me everyday, a grow-
ing disaffection; when I hear the Union daily val-
' ucd, and valued at little; I think the time has come
when every lover of his country should strive to
heal the dissensions which threaten her peace and
safety.
It has not been long, sir, since I stood by the
grave of Washington, and I little esteem the heart
of that man whose patriotism is not exalted by such
a pilgrimage; and this, sir, is, I fully believe, a time
when it behooves us to remember his farewell
warning to his countrymen. These are his words;
"The unity of Government, which constitutes you one
people; is also now dear to you. It is justly so ; for it is a
plain pillar in die edifice of your re J independence—the
simoon of vour tranquillity at lmme, your peace abroad, of li hundred trmuwmd dollar,- be, and the samo is hereby, (tp-
yolir safety, of your prosperity, of that very liberty which ;! propnated for the puipo-w of carrying these provision* into
vou so highly prize. But, as it is easy to foresee that from 1, effect, to be pa.d out of any moneys u> the treasury not
different quarters much pains will be taken, many artifices 11 otherwise appropriated. ,
employed, to weaken in your minds' the conviction of this ,; Aftd I offer it because I believe that we are bound
truth—as this is the point in your political fortress agonist : . everv consideration of justice, and by our own
which the batteries of internal and external enemies will be , / ' provide these neoole with some
most constantly and actively (though often covertly and in- ! j solemn oatns, 10 provide tnese people wun some
sidiouslyl directed—it is of infinite moment that you should : \ government, unless by so doing we should create
properly estimate the immense value of your national Union p more dissension and anarchy at home tna-ft now
! to your collective ami individual happiness; that jot should , „xlsts jn California. This substitute is, in all its
f i essentia! features, a copy of ihe act of the thirty-
palladium of your political safety and prosperity; watching ;j first of October, eighteen hundred and three, for
for its preservation with zealous anxiety; discountenancing |! temporary government of Louisiana, which
what may tuy?cst even a suspicion that it can in any event j acc,u,re<j by the treaty of Paris on the
he abandoned; and indignantly frowning: upon_ tbe^fiir.t, J «>m« venr: and if the
thirtieth of April, in the same year;
amendment of the gentleman from Virginia should
not prevail, 1 trust that my substitute may be
adopted. As to the bill of the chairman of the
dawijmg of every attempt to alienate any portion of our
country from the rest, or to enfeeble tbe sacred ties which
now link together the vaiious parts."
In my estimation, from the foundation of this | _ .... .
Government until now,there never has been a time ji Committee on Territories, it is plain that there is
I when it was more necessary that we should care- || not the slightest chance that it will become a law
1 fully consider these parting words of warning and j| at this session of Congress; five days of the ses-
' advice. The "suspicion that the Union may be h sion alone remain, and the Senate has not as yet
abandoned" ha§ already been entertained; and, !l passed a single one of the great appropriation bills;
though I cannot say that if the bill of the chairman j, and if, notwithstanding the fierce opposition with
of the Committee on Territories becomes a law, |j which it will meet at the other end of this Capitol,
that abandonment will take place, yet I do believe
that it will prove a fruitful source of difficulty and
dissension; and what will the Union be worth
when the parts are sundered in feeling, and the
citizen of the North, and the citizen of the South,
entertain for each Other mutual feelings of hatred
and ill-will?
I believe that the substitute of the gentleman
from Virginia, will, in a great measure, if not
altogether, heal these dissensions; it is correct in
theory, it appeals to the great principle of popular
sovereignty, and leaves the people to choose for
themselves those institutions under which they
S desire to live; it is because of this, notwithstand-
; ing the objections I have made to it, I shall give it
my support; and yet I confess that I have no con-
siderable expectation that it will pass this body.
No, notwithstanding the people of California, or at
least of a portion of it, have expressed their desire
that slavery should not be introduced into those
Territories, and though there is every probability
that this bill, if such be the fact, would result in
the creation of one immense free State, I say, not-
withstanding this, I have no confidence that cer-
tain northern gentlemen will give this conservative
measure their support.
[Here Mr. Mbade and Mr. Venaele interposed,
and lemarked that they understood that expression
of opinion, to have come from the people of New
Mexico, and not from those of California.]
j Mr. EVANS, continuing,'said that, even if that
I were the case, New (Mexico was embraced in this
j substitute; but, unless he were greatly mistaken,
l and without being entirely positive, he was quite
! sure that he was not in srror,in making the asser-
tion that the people of California, or a portion of
■ them, had done the same thing. I well remember
! (he said) the remarkable debate which sprung up
m the other end of this Capitol upon the petition
i of the people of New Mexico, and therefore I can-
not have confounded with it that of the Califor-
1 nians. The effect, then, of the substitute might
i be to make this territory free; but, sir, I do not
believe that a single supporter will be found for it
■ on that account. If it should fail, I intend to offer,
j as a temporary measure, a substitute of my own,
I which' is as follows:
■' "1. Be it enacted1 y the Senate and House of Represent
atives of ihe United States of America m Congress a^cmblcd,
That until the end or the fir^t session of the next Congress,
■ \ all and nngular the acts of Congress with respect to trade
hand intercour.se with the Indian tribes, and all acts w/th
regard to the survey anil disposition pf the public lands, are
[! hereby extended over the territory acquired from Mexico J
,i by the treaty of the second of February, eighteen hundied
j; and forty-eight; and all and finqtilar the military, civil, and ;
•: judicial powers exercised by the olfiecrs of the existing gov-
!■ eminent of the same tnirifory, shall be vested m «iich per-
j eon or per>oris, and shall „be exercised in such manner, as
j, the President of the United State* shall direct, for the main-
j, tammy; the inhabitants oft-aid territory in the free enjoyment
. of their liberty, property, and religion. " I
, j " Sec. 2. Jlnd be d further enacted, That, in order to main- ,
;! tain the authority of the United State.-, and pieserve peace ■
i and order in -.aid territory, the President of the (Jutted States
11 be. and he is hereby, authorized to employ such part of the
land and naval forces of the United States as he may deem
ji nece«?ary: Provided,'nevertheless, That m.unal law shall
j not be proclaimed or declared in said territory, nor any !
i j military court established or instituted, except ordinary ,
courts-martial, for the trial of persons belonging to the army
!' and navy of the United States. ,
1' " Sec, 3. Jiwl be il jurlher enacted, That the sum of one i!
it should be adopted by the body assembled there,
I trust, Mr. Chairman, that I may allude to it
without impropriety—the President of the United
States has already informed us in advance, with
what degree of propriety I will not now pretend
to say, that it cannot receive his sanction. Every-
body knows, then, that there is no hope that this
bill, reported by the chairman of the Committee
on the Territories, can become a law; to pass it is
a mere mockery; and yet the condition of the peo-
ple and territory of California is such as to cry
aloud to us for relief. There is in that country no
-law, or it is so feebly administered as entirely to
failof its objects;robbery,and violence, and murder,
are the most ordinary occurrences; not an arrival
from that country but'brings to us the narrative of
some barbarity or outrage; to kill is common, to
plunder usual, and yet we refuse these people our
protection 1
I recollect well, Mr. Chairman, when a few days
ago the proposition was made in this House to
refuse to make the appropriation for paying to the
Mexican Government the amount stipulated in
the treaty as the consideration for the purchase of
California, with what-a vehement and manly elo-
quence you resisted it. And, sir, I had the pleas-
ure of agreeing with you in opinion. L ike you,
sir, I thought that the stipulations of that treaty
ought to be observed, and that the sum of money
ought to be paid. It is upon the constitutional prin-
ciple that a treaty is the supreme law of the land,apd
; that the occasion must be one of extreme urgency,
! in which the House of Representatives will be just-
, ified in withholding the appropriation; but the ob-
; ligation to maintain and uphold one portion of that
treaty, is in no way more binding than the duty to
keep, and observe, the other portions of it—all the
parts are of equal validity and of equal force. The
oaths we have taken to support the Constitution—
which Constitution declares that "all treatiesmade,
or which shall be made, under the -authority of the
United States, shall be the supreme law of the
land"—compel us to observe the conditions of this
treaty in every ^'cspect. Now, sir, it was con-
tended upon every part of this House, with but
ten voices to the contrary, that we were bound by
every obligation of national honor and of national
faith to pay the twelve millions and interest to
\ Mexico. The point of good faith was dwelt upon,
! sir, by you and others with a particular gravity
j and unction. All the horrors of repudiation were
j held up before our eyes. We were even told that
to refuse to pay, would be to be guilty of more than
; Punic perfidy. And, sir, in that I agreed with you,
. without intending any reflection upon those who
think differently. I was one of those who believed
: it impossible to return the California^ to Mexico;
that, indeed, it were easier to conquer all that was
left her, from the waursof the Gila, to the Isthmus of
| Tehuantepec, than to icstore her the territories she
had surrendered to us. But if we would be guilty
of national dishonor by the refusal to pay these
miserable dollars, I ask, in what condition we shall
be found if we do not obs'erve the stipulations of
the ninth article of the treaty of Guadalupe Hi-
dalgo ? and which is as follows:
" The Mexicans who in the territories aforesaid shall not
preserve the character of citizens of the Mexican Republic
