§44
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL 'GLOBE.
[Feb. 24,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Governments for the New Territories^—Mr. Morehead.
Ho. of Reps.
gress, by the act of the 27th of February, 1801,
declared that—
" The laws of the State of Maryland, as they now exist,
shall be and continue i  force in that part of the said Dis-
trict which was ceded by that State to the United States,
and by them accepted; for the permanent seat 'of Govern-
ment of the United States."
• Now, what is the state of fact? Congress de-
clared'that its acceptance of a district for the seat
of Government from Maryland should not affect
thelaws therein, and Maryland, to make assurance
doubly sure, so provided by the grant, of cession
itself. In performance of this express contract be-
tween the two. followed the act of 1801, continuing
in force all the laws of Maryland as they then
existed, among which were laws sanctioning sla-
, very. Tn pursuance of that contract slavery has
existed here ever since, without a question as to
-its constitutionality, until it was made by the
learned and ingenious gentleman from Massachu-
setts.
But perhaps that gentleman will answer, that in
all this Congress exceeded its powers; that it had
no authority to take a gift coupled with such con-
dition; and that, therefore, as the taking the slave
to the free jurisdiction liberates him, so taking the
jurisdiction to the slave-gives him equal title to
freedom.
Sir, the jurisdiction was not' taken to the slave by
the master; and, even if the argument of the gentle-
man were true, the utmost that the Government of j
the United States could ask, would be to be re- !'
placed in the condition she occupied when she
committed the error; that is, to be remitted again
to Philadelphia.
That gentleman [Mr. Mann] also exhibited a
deal of feeling at the sight of slavery in this Dis-
trict, and desired very much that it should be abol-
ished, in order that the eyes of northern gentlemen
might be relieved from the revolting spectacle. Sir,
1 would ask that gentleman a question. He and
others here think slavery a nuisance; whether it
be or not, I shall not now say, but they so declare
it. Now, I ask that gentleman, as a lawyer, if any
one can come to a nuisance and ask for its abate-
ment ? If that gentleman, if other northern gen-
tlemen, do not like the institutions of this District,
let them remove the seat of Government into free
territory,and in that way get rid of the " revolting
spectacle."
I do not know that such a proposition would
be popular in Maryland; it would undoubtedly in
some measure be injurious to her. She has an in-
vestment—not a very large one, to be sure—in the
road which connects this city with her own com-
mercial emporium; yet it were beiter thatall this
were sacrificed—yes", sir, far better that this mag-
nificent building should stand silent and deserted, j
than that we should be guilty of any act of perfidy I
and bad faith. We do not sit here to legislate for [
the District of Columbia upon the opinions of the :
people of Maine or of Louisiana. We are the local j
legislature of this District, and are to provide the i
people here with just laws, suitable to their condi- |
tmn and their wishes, and not in conformity merely
with the opinions of people in Massachusetts or in
Mississippi. When tiie people of this District ask
for emancipation or needlessly resist it, wKen the
slaves are fitted for freedom, then it will be time
for us to bestow it upon them. Those who wish
to proceed with such headlong haste do a real in-
jury to the slaves. Many of them are young and
helpless; how will you in freedom furnish them
with support? Many are old and feeble; what
gentleman here will provide for these as their mas-
ters do at present?
And now, sir, I have said all that I intend on this
particular subject. I have not professed to argue
the question of the abolition of slavery in this dis-
trict. My friend and colleague from the 6th dis-
trict [Mr. Chisfieud] performed that task with
great ability, in a speech which he delivered in this
Hall only a few days ago. I have only spoken of
it as one of the subjects which threaten our Union.
In the last resort, (I hope that the occasion for it
may never come,) I have offered you a remedy. It
is the removal of your seat of government into free
territory. Secession will not answer while you
retain even a hall here for your deliberations. Sup-
pose a slave should escape into if, what embarrass-
ing questions with regard to his delivery to his
master might arise!
And now, sir, I have afew remarks with regard
to. an observation which was made by the gentle-
man who preceded^me, [Mr. Root.] He declared
that the gentleman* from Virginia, [Mr. McDow-
ell,] in the truly eloquent oration which he pro-
nounced in this Hall a few days ago, called upon
the North to submit. I listened, sir, to that spirit-
stirring and patriotic address with the most pro-
found attention, and" I failed entirely to observe
any such request. The gentleman from Virginia
is too noble himself to make that demand of others.
The true gentleman does not call fo,r sulksission,
because he never descends to meaijness, tyranny,
or oppression. Submission! the gentleman from
Virginia never asked it. He did indeed refer to
those days of our common glory, when the sons
of Virginia and Massachusetts stood shoulder to
shoulder together upon the bloody battle-fields of
the Revolution; and he called upon the children,
not to forget the fraternal affection, which had ani-
mated the fathers. Thegentleman from Ohio, fears
rather the force of such an appeal. I trust, sir,
that, if there be one who was moved by the elo-
quence of the true-hearted son of Virginia to a
spirit of greater conciliation, and of greater moder-
ation, that he will not suffer the gentleman from
Ohio to stir him from that ground by any hints at
submission.
Mr. Chairman, the brief span of my allotted
hour has almost ended; the last few moments
hurry to their close. Suffer me in them to appeal to
gentlemen from all sides, for moderation upon the
delicate questions of legislation,.upon which I have
this day spoken. Sir, would the northern or south-
ern portions of this Union, be bettered by separa-
tion ? Will the North be more powerful, the South
less subject to agitation ? I trust that the spirit of
prudence and conciliation, may. preside over our
councils. For myself, I am the representative of
the whole Union; not more of Maryland, than of
Massachusetts or Georgia. Maryland, sir, chose
me; but she chose me to serve, and faithfully to
serve, the whole country; and, so far as lies in my
power, 1 will endeavor so to do. I will never con-
sent tQ, sever this Union, nor will I consider what
would be sufficient reason for dissolution. If the
day shall ever come when that is necessary, which
I will not believe, Maryland will do what becomes
a State, without my warning or dictation. My
hope and prayer for this Union is, that it may
endure forever.
GOVERNMENTS FOR THE NEW TERRITORIES.
SPEECH OF ME. C. S. MOREHEAD,
.OF KENTUCKY,
In the House of Rf.presentatives,
February 24, 1849,
On the necessity of organizing governments for our
recently acquired Territories.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union—
Mr. MOREHEAD said:
Mr. Chairman: Availing myself of the privilege
accorded in Committee of the Whole, I desire to
express my views upon the necessity of organizing
governments for our territories, as well as upon
that distracting subject which, in the public mind,
has become so intimately connected with it. The
subject of slavery has so often been the topic of
discussion iifthis Hall, and that discussion occa-
sionally been characterized by a spirit so inimical
to the best interests of the country, that I ap-
proach it with extreme reluctance, and under an
oppressive sense of its magnitude and importance.
I am a citizen of a slaveholding State. My feelings,
my sympathies, and all my interests are there.b I
am jealous of the rights secured to us by the Fed-
eral Constitutien on this subject. I yield to no man
in the earnestness and zeal with which I would
guard and protect those rights. But while I feel
thus, I am constrained to add that I deprecate that
spirit of acrimony and denunciation which has too
often characterized the discussion on both sides.
Gentlemen have entered the political arena with
an apparent determination to do whatever they could
to obliterate all traces of past party organization
in order to build up two great sectional or geogtaph-
ical parties. Lamenting this tendency, as I most
sincerely do, and concurring, from the very bottom
of my heart, in all the patriotic sentiments, on this
subject, which fell on yesterday from the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. McDowell,] and which
were listened to with such intense interest by this
House, I have endeavored to elevate myself above
all mere sectional feelings, and to look at this whole
subject in a spirit of conciliation, of liberality, and
of candor.
When we commenced our history as a nation
we had but about three millions of inhabitants
scattered over thirteen States skirting our Atlantic
border. Now we have a population of more than
twenty millions, inhabiting thirty separate inde-
pendent sovereign States, ail moving harmoniously
in their constitutional orbits, and I thank God that
we are yet one people—one in interest, one in pa-
triotic feeling, one in language, one in our past
history, and I trust we shall continue forever one
in our future destiny. I do not believe there is
any real diversity of interests between the different
sections of thi3 Confederacy. God has wisely
ordained that we should owe our prosperity in
some measure-to each other; that there should be
a mutual dependence one "upon the other, and
reciprocal interests growing out of our geograph-
ical position, creating a common interest to cement
and render us forever a united people.
I have an abiding confidence in the patriotism
of every section. The great mass of the people
everywhere are deeply attached to the form of gov-
ernment under which we live, and most ardently
desire to preserve inviolate the Constitution which
holds us together. There are those, it is true, who
believe that slavery is contrary to the genius of our
institutions and the spirit of the age m which we
live, and who think it ought to be assailed in every
possible mode by which a blow could be given.
These assaults, often reckless in their chaiacter,
have in many instances occasioned just grounds of
complaint to the slaveholding States. It is not
my purpose on the present occasion to review
these complaints, or to attempt to show in what
instances they are well founded, or wherein I be-
lieve a spirit of retaliation has been unnecessarily
manifested in the South. The question with us
is not whether slavery in the abstract is right or
wrong. We have slaves in such vast numbers,
and the interests growing out of the relation are
so intertwined with all our institutions, and the
difficulty of knowing what to do with them, if
manumitted, is so great, that we could not get
clear of them if we would.
It is, perhaps, natural that those living in the
free States should look upon this institution as a
great moral and political evil. I have no complaint
to make for this. There are thousands in my own
State who entertain the same opinion; but there is
no difference of opinion there that it is our own
sole exclusive business to get clear of it or not, in
our own way and in our own time.
If I understand anything of the spirit of the
North—of its devotion to free government, and its
ardent desiie for the perpetuation of all the bless-
ings of liberty—there is no wish there, even among
her politicians, as avowed over and over again on
this floor, to interfere with slavery as it exists in
the States. I have been taught to believe that there
is not to be found within the bounds of this Re-
public a people more attached to law and order, or
more characterized by a ready obedience to, and a
willing acquiescence in, all the provisions of the
Constitution as expounded by our highest judicial
tribunal, than the people of the North. Whatever
manifestations may now and then have been made
i to the contrary, and whatever sentiments we may
jj sometimes have heard on this floor indicating a
i! different spirit, I yet have full confidence in the
jl known patriotism, the love of country, and, more
|j than all, in that sound practical common sense so
!l characteristic of our northern brethren.
11 That there are fanatics in the North, we all
11 know. There are those there, I lament to say it,
;j who openly and unblushingly advocate a'dissolu-
|j tion of the Union on account of the existence of
slavery; who proclaim that they would, on this
j account, tear down the pillars of the Constitution,
|| and rejoice over its broken and shattered frag-
;I ments. But I have never feared their agitations,!
|| or felt the least alarm from their incendiary pubii-
j! cations. They, and their unwilling or willing
|j allies here, are the real pro-slavery men of this
I nation; they are daily and hourly forging the fet-
II ters and manacles of slavery, and riveting them
