-■-jurtfjr-s fn-r-.f « .
1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Sbvery—New Mexico, her Boundary—Mr. Greeley.
Ho. of Reps.
Connected with this country and its future des-
tiny, we have a high and solemn duty to perform.
The treaty betweenrfhe United States and Mexico,
by which the Territories of New'Mexico and Cali-
fornia were acquired, by the ratification of the
Senate became the supreme law of the land. I
feel the full force of all the obligations it has im-
posed upon us. By it these territories have become
ours. For weal or for woe, they are ours; and
every consideration which can appeal to our patri-
otism or our interest admonishes us that we should
approach the subject in that spirit which governed
our revolutionary sires when they met together to
construct that framework of government under
which we now live. I cannot allow myself to be-
lieve that we will not find members from every
section, whof looking alone to the permanent and
enduring welfare of the whole country, will, in a
crisis like the present, elevate themselves above
all mere sectional views, and seek to settle the dis-
tracting and exciting question before us, m that
mode which shall best promote harmony, and most
certainly preserve the long-cherished cordiality
and fraternal feelings of all. Sir, that man is an
enemy to his country who would desire even a
seeming triumph of one section over another, or
wish the consummation of any act, unnecessary
in itself, which could weaken the attachment or
alienate the feelings of one portion of the country
•from another.
I was pained to hear the declaration of the gentle-
man from New Hampshire, and I trust it proceeded
alone from the heat of debate, and has not the sanc-
tion of his sober judgment-—" that he would dis-
solve this Union rather than see slavery extended
the sixteenth part of an inch."
[A Voice: He said he would rather the universe
were dissolved.]
Mr. MOREHEAD. Yes, rising to the climax
of his eloquence, he added, that he would rather
this universe were dissolved. On the other hand,
sovereign States have arrayed themselves in a
directly antagonistic position, and have solemnly
resolved that they will resist any congressional
restriction on this subject "at all hazards;" and
provision is made, as I am informed, in at least
one State, for a call of the Legislature, should such
a restriction be enacted, perhaps to open its ports
to foreign nations, and bring on a direct collision
with the General Government. Sir, I regret, I
lament, I deplore this state of things. The time
was when the heart of the patriot instinctively
recoiled from the bare contemplation of the possi-
bility of a disunion of these States. INo hand was
bold enough to raise the curtain that concealed the
dark gulf of wretchedness and misery which such
an event would entail upon'us. Let me tell you,
sir, if the sun of this Union should ever set, it will
go down in blood, and there will be no morning to
the dark night of anarchy and despotism that will
ensue. There are moral as well as physical ties
now binding us together in a brotherhood of union.
The scenes of heroic valor by which our liberty was
achieved; the sacrifices, privations, and sufferings
of those who took upon themselves the perilous
■responsibility of leading the public counsels in the
path of revolution; the voice of our fathers' blood
cryino- to us aloud from every battle-field of liberty,
—all,°all admonish us to preserve unimpaired that
glorious heritage which they transmitted to us. And
now, in the very morning of its full fruition, with
a future before us which the utmost stretch of the
imagination cannot picturc,'we are coolly talking
of tearing down the only solid fabric of human
liberty in the world. In the name of that com-
* own country which we all profess to love, I ask,
what more persuasive argument could be adduced
of the absolute, the indispensable necessity of
meeting upon some common ground to adjust and
settle this distracting question? This common
ground can be found, if gentlemen will seek it in
the right spirit, in the spirit of devotion to the best
interests of the whole country.
Different modes of settlement have been pro-
posed to avoid that upon which there is such a
•radical difference of opinion, and in which is in-
volved the triumph of one section over the other,
it is certainly desirable to organize some sort of
territorial government, if it can be properly done,
'in preference to erecting States at once; yet, rather
than prolong the present state of feeling on both
so injurious in all its consequences, 1 would
vote to-day for the bill, with some slight modifi-
cations. proposed by the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr, Preston,] ana place myself by his side upon
the high ground of popular sovereignty. That
there are objections to this course I am well aware,
but I do not expect to get any bill on this subject
which will' satisfy me m all respects. The very
fact of acquiring the country imposed an obliga-
tion, apart from all treaty stipulations, to give it a
government which would afford protection to its
inhabitants. There are adventitious causes now
in vigorous operation, in addition, rendering this
obligation still more imperious. Thousands upoji
thousands of our enterprising young men are now
flocking there to seek their fortunes amid the golden
sands of that El Dorado, wTiich is so glittering to
the youthful imagination. They have a right to
expect the protecting arm of this Government will
be extended to them. To those who are opposed
to slavery going there, let me ask if there is not
more likelihood of its being carried there in the
absence of law and order, than if there was an
organized government there? There are but few
gentlemen living in free States who do not believe
that slavery is the mere cieatureof municipal law.
Let me ask them, then, what is the necessity for a
legislative restriction? I confess that I do not my-
self believe that slavery can or will go there; and,
under that conviction, if I were as much opposed
to it as any Free-soiler in this House, I would not
vote for a restriction for a mere triumph of one
section of the country over another. Whole States
believe that any such restriction is unconstitu-
tional. Whatever may be my own opinions upon
the subject, under the influence of precedent, I
yet believe that an opinion of this kind, honestly
entertained by large masses of our constituents,
ought to constitute a good reason for refraining
from action were it is really unnecessary. This
opinion cannot be said to be so absurd as to be
unworthy of notice, when it is known that Mr.
Madison, who has been, not inappropriately, called
the Father of the Constitution, entertained the
same. In a letter, recently brought to light in the
other end of the Capitol, from him to President
Monroe, bearing date the 23d of February, 18S20,
he says: " On the other side, it cannot be denied
' that the constitutional phrase ' to make all rules,'
'&c., as expounded by uniform practice, is some-
' what of a ductile nature, and leaves much to lcgis-
' lative discretion. The questions to be decided
' seem to be, 1st, whether a territorial restriction
' be an assumption of illegitimate power, or 2d, a
' misuse of legitimate power," &c. And he adds:
" On the first point there is certainly room for dif-
ference of opinion; though, for myself, I must
' own that I have always leaned to the belief that
' the restriction was not within the true scope of
' the Constitution." Under the circumstances by
which we are surrounded, this opinion alone ought
to be a sufficient reason why we should not im-
pose the restriction. But, sir, it is well known
that the difference of opinion upon this subject
between the two Houses of Congress would de-
feat any bill with the restrictive clause in it, and
its insertion is tantamount to the denial of all
government to our recently-acquircd Territories.
With these difficulties upon us, so serious in their
character, and fraught with consequences so irju-
rious to our best interests, to obviate them all I
am willing to the formation of a State government,
where the people in their sovereign will may de-
cide for themselves whether they will have slavery
or not. it is said that they do not desire it, and
are opposed to it. If so, the North has gained all
that it could by imposing a positive restriction, and
at the same time the harmony and peace and fra-
ternal feelings of the Union are preserved. If,
however, no bill of this kind can be passed, it is
our duty to enact some law, similar to the first
one passed for Louisiana, and afterwards for Flor-
ida, giving to the President of the United States
the right to carry on the government, now without ]
authority, and to protect the life, liberty, and prop- j
erty of the inhabitants, until Congress shall or- j.
ganize a more substantial form of government. >
j This would be simply giving our sanction to that
1 which it is presumed isjiow done without author-
] ity from the necessity of the case. I offered an
j amendment to the Mexican treaty bill, embodying |
} the substance of the Louisiana law, which it is i
1 known was ruled out of order. I am happy to I
find that substantially the same amendment has
been offered in the'Senate, and I trust that we
shall yet have an opportunity of enacting it into a
law.
Sir, in my judgment we must do something.
Let us approach the difficulty before us as states-
men ami patriots, untrammeled by the influence
of all party ties and sectional jealousies, and settle
this question. We may then go to work to bind
that now distant country to us by all those phys-
ical ties which, acting upon thre moral influences
which now unite us, will so increase and strengthen
them as to render them perpetual. I hope to live
to see the day dawn when the great distance be-
tween us shall be, as it were, annihilated; and
when the magnificent bay of San Francisco shall
be nearer to us than Kentucky was to this me-
tropolis when she first became a State; when an
iron pathway shall penetrate the gloom of the
desert and the wilderness, uniting our great com-
mercial emporium through St. Louis, and Charles-
ton and Savannah through Memphis, with the
shores of the Pacific—extend ing almost indefinitely
i the area of our inland commerce, enlarging our
i navigation, opening to American enterprise and.
li industry all the riches of the East, and pouring
1 into our lap the treasures of the Pacific archipel-
i; ago; when the electric wire shall communicate
intelligence, between ocean and ocean, more rap-
idly than the earth rolls upon its axis. Who can
I estimate the effect of such influences upon our
future commercial prospeets—upon our future des-
tiny as a nation?
And shall we, in the very wantonness of folly—
nay, of madness—destroy the bright prospects be-
fore us, and convulse this nation upon a mere
abstraction? The highest duties of patriotism, and
every feeling of enlightened self-interest, alike for-
| bid that we should.
SLAVEKV—NEW MEXICO, HER BbUNDARY.
REMARKS OF MR. it GREELEY,
OF NEW STORK, s
In the House of Representatives,
February 96, 1849,
On the Bill to provide a Territorial Government
for California.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on the state
i of thp Union, (Mr. Vinton, of Ohio, m the chair,) and
i; having under consideration the bill to provide a territorial
government for theTerritoty of California—
Mr. GREELEY addressed the committee as fol-
lows:
Mr. Chairman: If my speaking now would post*
pone for one minute the action of the House on
this bill, or the progress of business generally, I
should hesitate to say one word. I am so anxious
to see that business pressed forward that I would
cheerfully refrain from speaking if I could thereby
come at once to the voting. I want to act, not to
talk. For weeks I have maintained entire silence
on this floor, only rising to vote or to second the
previous question. We have so much important
business yet undone, and so little time left to do it
in, that I grudge every moment devoted to debate.
1 do not care to explain any vote I shall give, and I
do not think my constituents want any speech-
making from me. But, since this evening is de-
voted to this debate, and no vote can be taken till
to-morrow, I will ask the attention of the commit-
tee for a few minutes only.
I shall not enter upon any discussion of the
| character or the influences of slavery. It strikes
me that thai topic is well-nigh exhausted. Prom
the day I entered this Hall to this moment—no
matter what the bill before us—we have had dis-
cussions of slavery and nothing else. Slavery in
'"'its nature—slavery in its effects—slavery m the
i District—slavery in the Terutories—has been the
one perpetual theme. In order or out of order—
generally the latter—we have been compelled to
, listen to it and nothing else. And gentlemen from
I that section which but a few years since declared
j and resolved that slavery should not he discussed in
i Congress—that we had no right to discuss it, and
! must hold our peace—are now foremost in its dis-
| cussion, and most eager to have it discussed by
j others. It was but three days since—the Post
| Office appropiiation bill being before us—that a
I gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Turner] got the
