248
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 26,
30th Cong 2d Sjsss.
Slavery—New-Mexico, her Boundary—Mr. Greeley,
Ho. of Reps.
floor and commenced—"Mr. Chairman, I propose
'to give my views on the general subject of sia-
' very"—my colleague [Mr. Tallmadge] rose and
objected to that course of argumentation as irrel-
evant and out of order. He called attention to
our rules, which clearly sustained his objection.
But the general cry was "Let him go on !"and my
colleague's appeal was overruled by a large ma-
jority, including nearly all the southern members.
Very well, gentlemen! if you insist on having
slavery debated here, you shall have enough of it!
I voted to limit the discussion then—I shall proba-
bly never vote so again. Since the. South insists
on having slavery discussed here, I certainly shall
make no objection.
Yet I do not propose now to follow the general
example.- I think the topic has been worn thread-
bare, and I care not to pursue it. I shall say
nothing about slavery in the abstract, nor of sla-
very anywhere but in the new Territories. That
subject is now fairly before us. What is the point
that divides us ?
I can only understands as a question of allow-
ing or forbidding slavery to be planted and legal-
• ized" in our new Territories. If it is not that, I
cannot imagine what it is. To suppose that we
have been debating, contending, struggling here
for years on a mere punctilio—a matter of form or
etiquette—is most absurd. We, on our side, want
to keep slavery out of the Territories. That is
clear enough. If. they, on the other side, do not
want to let it in, what do they want? "Why are
we divided and striving? Does any man imagine
that we should have continued to confront each
other so resolutely merely to decide whether sla-
very should be kept out of those Territories or
stay out of itself? No, sir; this is a practical ques-
tion, and as such, to be discussed and decided.
In this matter of admitting or excluding slavery
there are twg parties interested—the people of the
United States and the people of the Territories
themselves. Which of these parties desires the
extension of slavery ? Do the people of Califor-
nia and New Mexico? We know they do not.
(I speak, of course, of the natives of those lands—
the original and permanent people.) We have
authentic information that they earnestly desire
the. exclusion of slavery. Some of them were
slaves themselves prior to the abolition of slavery
by Mexico more than twenty years ago. These,
surely,^do not desire slavery reestablished; they
detest, they abhor it. Neither do their former
masters desire it—they acquiesced cheerfully in
the act of emancipation—they have never asked
its repeal. The whole population of those Terri-
tories—the indigenous population—are intensely
anti-slavery. We have a memorial here from a
convention of the people of New Mexico unani-
mously praying our protection against the intro-
duction of slavery. Have they not a right to be
heard in regard to this matter?
Well, then, the other party interested—the peo-
ple of the United States—do they desire the ex-
tension of slavery ? Will you commit the ques-
tion to their decision? Mr. Chairman, I will not
speak for the slave States, though I do not believe
a majority of their people desire to see slavery ex-
tended; but with the public sentiment of the free
States I profess to be acquainted. And I do con-1
fidently assert that there is not one Congressional !
district in all the free States which, on a fair, dis-!
tinct issue, would elect a Representative in favor !
of extending slavery. But no man is mad enough I
to give us a trial on this point. All our candidates, !
no matter of what party, profess to be in favor of j
free soil. Some reject the Wilmot proviso, but!
expressly on the ground that it is needless—that!
slavery will never cross the Rio Grande, proviso \
or no proviso. No man ventures to repudiate it:
on any other ground. i
And, Mr. Chairman, I assure the South that the j
public feeling of the North is much stronger on this !
subject than they seem to imagine. The gentle- '
man from North Carolina, [Air. Ve.vable,] who !
last spoke, told us Rufns King avowed that this |
question of extending slavery (in respect to Mis- ;
souri) was purely a question of political power. I !,
must believe that citation does injustice to Rufus !|
King. But, be that as it may, and even if this
were a question of power with politicians, it islj
very different with the great mass of the people. !|
ihey may be politicians for the sake of resisting >'i
slavery—they are not slavery restrictionists for
the sake of power or polities. This Wilmot pro-
viso has been a trouble and a confusion to poli-
ticians—a thorn and an annoyance which they
would gladly have been rid of. They have only
moved on this question as they have been impelled
by the resistless force behind them. ^Politicians
may pander to slavery as merchants trade with it;
but the popular heart is sound and thorough. With
the great majority of northern and western free-
men, this is a question, not of politics, but of .con-
viction—not of power, but of conscience. They
: dare not consent to the-extension of slavery. Do
' not crowd them on this point—do "not dream you
can cajole them—do not hope to buy them. You
may buy members of Congress with visions of pro-
motion and sudden wealth, but you cannot pur-
chase their constituents. You may outrage, you
may arouse them, but you cannot corrupt them.
And 1 assure the representatives of the South on
this floor, that, supposing it is desirable to them
that slavery should longer exist among them, and
exert its constitutional power in this Capitol—a
triumph on this question would be to them a fear-
ful calamity. When I consider what an immense,
an almost total revolution, in the northern opinion
has been wrought within a few years past, by the
annexation of Texas and the resistance on this
floor to the right of petition, I warn the champions
of slavery not to seek a victory of which the effect
must be to shake the firmest pillars of their pecu-
liar institution. I warn them to be wise while it
is called to-day.
But, Mr..Chairman, I had proposed to discuss
mainly another branch of the subject—the bound-
ary of New Mexico. I regard that as the most
important practical question now before Congress.
1 do not believe California can ever be other than
a free State, proviso or no proviso. Since the
question is raised and before us, I shall vote now,
as always, for freedom. I will resist any impli-
cation that we might consent under any circum-
stances to the extension of slavery—will contend
against the remotest possibility of such extension.
But, while California is shielded by position, by
destiny, from the influx of slavery, New Mexico
is imminently exposed to it. Three-fourths of her
territory, nine-tenths at least of her people, are on
this side of the Rio Grande—in the region auda-
ciously claimed by slaveholding Texas. At this
moment Texas is preparing to assert jurisdiction
over these distant, conquered, slavery-hating peo-
ple; she has sent a district attorney to Santa Fe to
enforce her laws there—she is preparing to sustain
his authority by armed force. The triumph of
this enterprise will be a present, palpable, practi-
cal extension eff slavery and slave laws over a
region larger than New England. And it will tri-
umph, unless prevented by the action of this Gov-
ernment. The abject, timid, conquered people of
New Mexico cannot successfully resist the power
of Texas tacitly sustained by the Federal Gov-
ernment. And if this Congress shall separate
without providing for the protection of that implo-
ring, shi inking, struggling people of New Mexico,
I do greatly fear that they will be subjugated by
'Texas and annexed to her slaveholding domain—
a crime fit to rank in history with the partition of
Poland.
And what do southern gentlemen say to this ?
The gentleman from Virginia [Gov. McDowell]
who so eloquently, pathetically conjured us to act
together for harmony, conciliation, union,—what
will he say to this ? Can he hope to lull us by his
eloquence into acquiescence in the subjugation of
free New Mexico by slave Texas? Can he im-
agine that our constituents would acquiesce in this
if we could be induced to ? Let him not so deceive
himself!
And here, Mr. Chairman, is my main ground
of objection to all the substitutes proposed in this
House or the other for the territorial bills now 1
legitimately before us. Our committee's hill [Mr. ;
C. B. Smith's] gives New Mexico expressly her '•
ancient and proper boundaries. There is no dodge 1
nor shuffle about it. They organize New Mex-
ico and California into territories, and give to each ,
distinct and definite boundaries. None of the sub-
stitutes proposed do any such thing. On the con- ;
trary, they all lean the other way. That of the i
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Pkeston] proposes :
to leave the whole matter to the Supreme Court, ,
but it is only appearance. In the first place, it
forms all the new territory into one State, to be
called—what? The State of. California. Now,
California is properly the na^ne of a small portion
of our new acquisitions—that portion lying west
of the Sierra Nevada and bordering on the Pacific
Ocean. Its capital will naturally be San Francisco;
and who beliefs that Santa Fe,Taos, Albuquerque,
will be represented in, protected by, a State gov-
ernment whose capital is there? Who that knows
anything of the savage deserts and rugged moun-
tains that separate Santa Fe from San Francisco
can believe that the former can be properly gov-
erned, protected, cared for by State authorities
located in the latter? No, sir; this whole State
project is contrived to cover the surrender of New
Mexico to Texas, and as such I must oppose it to
the utmost.
And I exhort the friends of the incoming Ad-
ministration to meet this question in a manly, de-
cided way, for reasons which appeal especially to
them. If Congress does not meet this boundary
question fully, the new Administration must. If
we do not plant the shield of the Union before the
people and the liberties of New Mexico, the Presi-
dent must decide to protect or abandon them. We
may blink the question, but the Executive cannot.
If we do not determine to protect the New Mexi-
can people, the President will soon be entreated
to do it, just as Mr. Adams was obliged to protect
the Cherokees against Georgia, and as Mr. Tyler
was required to interfere in the troubles of Rhode
Island. I ask the friends of General Taylor if they
choose to involve him in this dilemma? Do they
wish to force upon him the necessity of deciding
to acquiesce in the pretensions of Texas'to New-
Mexico, or to heed the prayers of her people and
defend them by armed force? Will the South
quietly, unmurmuringly assent to this ? I cannot
answer for her, but this I am quite sure of, that
if General Taylor shall surrender the people of
New Mexico to the enforced domination of Texas
and slavery, he will have no single State in the
North or" free West to sustain him in that,course;
he will not have twenty supporters from the free
States on this floor chosen at the election after
such action on his part. I entreat, then, his friends
on this floor to shield him from responsibility which
belongs not to him, but to us, by passing some bill
which shall settle definitively the boundar^ be-
tween Texas and New Mexico. The terms of the
annexation of Texas require it at our hands; the
harmony and "peace of the Union, the safety and
rights of New Mexico, require it. Let us not
shrink from our proper responsibilities, but fear-
lessly discharge our whole duty.
On the following day, the House bill organizing
New Mexico as a Territory being under consider-
ation, and the first section (that which sets forth
the boundaries of New Mexico) having been read—
Mr. Vinton moved a proviso reserving all the
rights of Texas to the territory this side of the
Rio Grande from latitude 34° to latitude 42° north,
j (embracing two-thirds of New Mexico and nearly
all its people,) and providing for bringing the ques-
! tion of the right of Texas to this territory before
i the Supreme Court for final adjudication. Mr. V.
; supported this proposition in a brief, but spirited
I and able speech.
i Mr. GREELEY. Mr. Chairman, I never be-
fore, in my life listened to a proposition with so
much surprise and regret as to that of the gentle-
man from Ohio. What does it imply? Clearly
that Texas has a plausible claim to all New Mex-
ico this side of the Iiio Grande—virtually to all
New Mexico. And though the gentleman has
warned U3 m his speech that this is purely a ques-
tion of law, and that none but lawyers are quali-
fied to discuss it, yet I will venture to disregard
that admonition, and engage in the discussion.
For to my mind this is not more a question of law
than of fact—of history and of freedom. Texas
claims New Mexico as a part of her territory—on
what ground ? Not of possession; for she never
held a court nor an election, exercised authority
nor served a writ, within its limits. Not of con-
quest; for the only expedition she ever sent thither
was utterly defeated and captured by the New
Mexicans—the surviving invaders finding their
way home by a route more circuitous than any
on which Congressional mileage is computed.
