1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Treaty of Peace with Mexico—Mr. Putnam.
Ho. of Rep's.*
land held by the ecclesiastics and the church could
not be 44 disposed of or diverted to other uses,"
they would be free and exempt forever from the
laws of a territorial or State government. They
would be held independent of the established rules
of alienation and descent, and exempt from a par-
ticipation in the support of the government by
taxation or otherwise. Such a system the article
proposed to establish over the ceded territory—a
system wholly at war with the spirit of that clause
of our Constitution that " Congress shall make no
law respecting the establishment of religion." Be-
sides, with reference to the, "guarantee," there is
anotherand-importantdifference between the article
and as the same was amended by the Senate. In
the former, it was a continued and perpetual guar-
antee. The words "in the mean time," in the
amendment, extend the protection to the time only
when a State government shall be formed, after
which, I apprehend, no partial or special privileges
will be granted to any Christian denomination.
The language of the protocol is full and con-
clusive, representing to the Mexican Government
. that the original treaty was in no way changed or
modified by the amendments. This was intended
to be asserted if neGfssary, and was concluded upon
before the treaty left Washington. The Secretary,
in his communication to the Mexican minister,
stated that the amendment was "substantially the
same" as the first article, but avoids unnecessary
" prolixity." If it was substantially the same, what
man, unless he be afflicted with political blindness,
can believe that the Senate would have made the
amendment merely because the article was a little
more prolix, or had a little more verbiage than
perhaps was necessary to express what Mexico
intended to establish? Much of the time, during
the discussion of the treaty, was devoted to the
ninth and tenth articles. The result was, they
were striken out as being radically wrong. The
Secretary tells the minister, however, that it was
done to ''avoid unnecessary prolixity !" I submit
the good faith of this statement to the judgment of
others.
I will proceed to examine the last paragraph of
this ninth article; and, sir, if any key is necessary
to reach the intention of the Mexican Government,
and aid in a correct interpretation of the article, it
is found in this clause, and he that reads may un-
derstand. The following is a copy:
'•The relations and communications between the Cath-
olics living in the teintones aforesaid and their respective
ecclesiastical authorities shall he open, fiee, and exempt
fiom all hindrance whatever, even although authoiities
should reside within the limits of the Mexican Republic,
as defined by this, treaty; and tins fieedom shall continue
so long as a new demarcation of ecclesiastical districts shall
not have been made conformably with the Jaws of the Ro-
man Catholic Church."
By this clause there is a reservation of power
retained in.the hands of the church to be exercised
over the Catholics m the territory. It will be no-
ticed that the duration of these " relations" hangs-
upon the will and action of the priesthood, for
they continue until new districts shall be made
confoimably with the laws of the Roman Catholic
Church. But what are these powers or " rela-
tions?" I answer, they are all which the Roman
Catholic Apostolic religion of ^Mexico confers'
upon the priesthood, and they are almost unlim-
ited. The ecclesiastics have a controlling military
influence over the people. In the revolution of
1821, when Iturbide was declared Emperor by the
army, history tells us that 44 its real authors were .
the priests, and therefore it succeeded," and that i
the basis of its movement was 44 the preservation j
of the Holy Catholic religion." Their political ■
influence is no less effectual. Mr. Thompson, in ;
his 44 Recollections of Mexico," says,44 a residence
* in a Catholic country has thoroughly satisfied me
' that no political movement can succeed (where
* that religion prevails) to which the priesthood
Ms opposed." Again, he says: u it will consti-
* tute a new epoch in history whenever that pnest-
* hood is not opposed to any gfreat movement in
* favor of human liberty." This power is also
strengthened by the great extent of their property.
M r.Thom<pson says he has heard intelligent men ex-
press the opinion that one-fourth of the property of
the country is in the hands of the priesthood, and,
instead of diminishing, it is continually increasing;
and it' is said that Mexico is the only country
where the church property remains in its un-
touched entirety. The Government has at no
time dared to encroach upon that which is regarded
as consecrated property. It is also a well-known
dootrine of that church that the priesthood, from
the highest down to the lowest functionary almost,
have power to forgive sins.. These indulgences
bring them large revenues, and in no country,
says Mr. Thompson, " have the efficacy of them
been more universally believed and relied upon
than in Mexico, even to this day." Their eccle-
siastical power is supreme, and connected with
the civil, which to some extent they possess. In-
fliction of corporal punishment is imposed as the
penalties for violations of spiritual or ecclesiastical
laws. Indeed, the great body of their people is in
a state of perfect vassalage, body and soul, to the
priesthood.*
These are some of the 44 relations" and powers
of the church in Mexico proposed to be retained
over their people in the ceded territory, and to
this extent the paragraph goes. Is it surprising,
then, that the Senate should refuse to tolerate a
foreign power that extends such controlling influ-
ences over the inhabitants of the territory ? Cer-
tain it is that the Louisiana treaty does not con-
tain them. The enjoyment of liberty, property,
and religion, thereby guarantied, is the same only
as is allowed under our Constitution.
With this picture before us, I desire to ask the
attention of the committee to the protocol. It says:
"All the piivileges and guarantees, civil, political, and
religious, which would have been possessed by the inhab-
itants of the ceded teintoue*, if the ninth article ol (he
treaty had been retained, will be enjoyed by them, with-
out any difference, under the article which has been sub-
stituted."
This same averment had been made to the Mex-
ican Government. It was too important a matter
to remain as a mere verbal explanation. She re-
solved to have it in a tangible shape, showing on
paper, and under hand and seal, what was the man-
ifest intention of the parties. In this she trusted,
and had a right to believe that all that was con-
tained in the rejected ninth article would be con-
tained and enjoyed by her in the Louisiana article.
Her purpose was to retain her ecclesiastical juris-
diction over the territory. The original article
established it; the Senate disallowed it; but the
protocol in language reaffirmed it. Whether it
shall prove a 44 promise to the ear, and broken to
the hope," 1 leave for the future to develop.
I will pass to consider the tenth ai tide of the
first treaty, which was stricken out by the Senate.
The following is a copy of the first paragraph:
" All grants of land made by the Mexie.m Government, or
by the compet-nt authoniies, m territories previously ap-
pertaining to Mexico, and remaining for the future within
the limit* of the United States, shah be respected as valid,
to the same extent that the same grants would be valid if
the said territories had remained withm the limits of Mex-
ico. But the grantees ol lands in T< xas, put in po^e^ion
thereof, who, by reason of the cucum^tances of the coun-
try, since the beginning of the troubles between Texas and
the Mexican Uuvernment, may have been prevented fioin
fulfilling all the conditions of then grants, «hall be undfM the
obligation to fulfill the said conditions within the periods lim-
ited in the t-amo respectively;.such periods to be now counted
from the date ol' the exchange ot latrfications of this tieatyj
in default ol which, th e said grants shall not be obligatory
upon the State of Texas, in viltue of the stipulation's con-
tamed in tins article."
The next paragraph of the article extends the
same revival of the condition of performance by
the grantees to the ceded territory as is given to
those of Texas. The last paragraph declares that
no grant of lands in Texas has been made since
March 2, 1836; and, in the ceded territories, none
since May 13, 1846.
The scope of the article is a conditional confirm-
ation of all the grants of land made by Mexico
previous to the periods above named. Had it been
assented to on our part, the conditions of the grants
would be revived, and, if performed within two
years from the ratification of the treaty, the grants
would be valid. This would result in changing
and unsettling the title to large tracts of land, and
open an endless avenue for litigation, profitable,
perhaps, to lawyers, but vastly expensive and det-
rimental to the country. As to its effect, if the
grant to Macnamarawas madein season, he would
have two years to perform the condition, and
thereby obtain a large tract of the most valuable
lands of California. As to the extent of these
* The above quotations are taken from the "Recollec-
tions of Mexico," written by Waddy Thompson while lie
was a Minister to. Mexico.
grants, the Secretary of State says: "These Mex-
ican grants, it is Understood, cover nearly ti>e
4 whole deg'coast, and a large portion of the interior
4 of Texas. They embrace thriving Ml'ages, and
great number of cultivated farms, the propri-
etors of which have acquired them honestly, by
< purchase from the State of Texas."
But, sir, claiming, as I do, that the protocol and
the treaty are equally valid or imperfect, I will ex-
amine them in connection with the rejected article.
The first paragraph is as follows:
"The American Government, by suppressing the tenth
article of the treaty of Guadalupe, did not in any way, in-
tend to annul the grants of lands made by Mexico in the
ceded territories. These grants, notwithstanding the sup-
pression of this aiticle of the treaty, preserve the legal value
which they may possess, and the irrintees maj cause their
legitimate titles to be acknowledged before the Ameucan tri-
bunals."
This speaks of "legal value" and "legitimate
titlesi,, and on these phrases nang the friends of
the Administration, claiming that the grants had
no such value or titles. Prrtm the next paragraph
we learn something of the meaning of these terms:
" Conformably to the law of the. United States, legitimate
title* lo every description of property, perj-onai and real,
ex.JM.mg in the ceded territories aie tho:-e which were It git-
nriate titles under the Mexican law u\ California and New
Mexico, up to the J3th ot May, 1846, and in Texas,up to the
2d of Match, 1833."
The question is, what were legitimate titles at
the peiiods referred to? It is true that the coloni-
zation grants were conditional; that is to bay, a
ccrtain number of families were to be settled on
the territory covered by the grants within a given
petiod—usually six or seven years. But it is also
true, that as to a large portion of the grants, the
time for performing the condition had not elapsed
at the peuods named in the protocol. It has been
decided by the Supreme Coui t of the United States,
that such a giant conveys a legitimate title in fee—
an interest vested on its execution, which could
only be divested by a breach or non-peiformance
of the conditions.
Until the forfeiture, therefore, the grant was
valid, and gave to the grantee a legitimate title as
against the Government of Mexico and all others.
It possessed a legal value. The case, therefore,
comes within the guarantee of the protocol; and,
according to it, may cause the titles to be "acknowl-
edged before the American tribunals." But, as I
have admitted that the grants were conditional, it
may be claimed that the grantees are bound to
perform, within the time specified, the condition on
which they were made, or that the premises will
revert to the owners, if this is true, the territory
having been ceded to us, our Government stands
in the place of Mexico; and the condition being
transferred to us, we $re entitled to its,performance.
It strikes me there are some difficulties here to en-
counter. In the first place, Mexico had no power
thus to assign an agreement between her arid her
citizens, and thereby establish the liability of the
grantee to a foreign government. In the second
place, such a proposition would be totally absurd.
Did our Government take the session subject to
any conditions, the performance or neglect of
winch would confer or withhold from us any por-
tion of the territory? Surely not. In the third
place, I apprehend,our Government would be slow
to recognize or claim the benefit of any grant of
land which, if carried out, would settle in the
country suUi a colony as was contemplated by the
grants. The question then arises, how is the
grant affected by the cession of the territory to us?
The grant being valid as against Mexico, no act of
hers could render it void; and equally certain it is
that we received the cession -Subject to all legally
existing claims. It must follow, therefore, as a
legal result, that the cession of the territory to us
is a direct and positive release to the grantee of any
further performance of the condition of the grant,
and the grantee holds a legal and unconditional
title. It is a well-settled rule of national law, (if
not of universal application,) that <4if a grant is
made on a condition subsequent, and its perform-
ance becomes impossible by the act of the grantor,
the grant becomes single," and is valid in favor of
the grantee. The legal principles here stated may
be found settled in the case of the United States
Arredondo and others, m 6th Peters' Reports.
That was a colonization grant to Arredondo by the
Government of Spain of a large tract of land m
Florida, before the treaty ceding that State to us.
