m
APPENDIX TQ THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 21,
30th Cong....2d Sess.
New Mexico and California—Mr, Berrien.
Senate.
part of gentlemen advocating these free-soil doc-
trines that they will consent to no' government
wBich does not establish this provision in despite
of their declaration to us, so often repeated and so
strenuously urged, that slavery can never be intro-
duced into these Territories—that it is forbidden
a|ike by .the climate and by the laws in force there:
thus clearly manifesting ti^tsuch a provision vvould
beenacted simply to exert what, in relation to these
Territories, according to their own declarations,
would bS an exercise of power at once wanton and
nugatory, for the mere purpose of aggression upon
the constitutional equality of the South, and of
violating the feelings of every southern man in this
Chamber—of every true southern man in this
Umon—if,'I say, there were no other motive for
requiring, so far as my vote could accomplish it,
that this amendment should be put down, and a
territorial bill, or some amendment equivalent to
it inserted, that motive alone with me would be
sufficient, if such a feeling exists on the part of
noithem Senators I would be glad to know it. If
such a crisis must come, let it come, and come
quickly. Let the deiermination be manifested by
a vote to withhold a territorial government from
the people whose condition is thus represented as
requiring the interposition of this Government for
their protection against' their lawless associates—
let the determination be announced to withhold
, from these'peoplg the benefits of any government,
unless those wbo unite with us in foiming it aie
permitted to Misert a provision which they them-
selves admit to be nugatory and valueless, and
which can, therefore, as I iiave already said, only
be inserted for the purpose of trampling on the
constitutional equality of the South, and violating
the feelings of every southern man. Sir, I do not
believe it. Notwithstanding the suggestions of the
Senator from Tennessee—notwithstanding the dec-
larations which have been made in the warmth of
debate, and in the private conversations io which
he icfers—I have mote confidence in the honor,
and integrity, and patriotism of northern Senators
and Representatives—aye, sir, and in the like feel-
ing of the people whom they represent, than to
believe that, for the purpose of doing an act which
is merely nugatory, aggressive, and insulting, they
would leave the people of these Territories for
years withoutthe restraint and protection of a-gov-
•ernment which they have it m their power to es-
tablish. But, sir, 1 repeat, if that is to be the
result, (he more promptly it can be exhibited, in
ray judgment, the better. The American people
are, in all probability, as prudentand patriotic now
as they will be hereafter.
1 rose, however, principally for the purpose of
relieving the report of the Judiciary Committee,
as far as I may be able to do it, from the special
assault which has been made upon it by the Sen-
ator fiom Tennessee. 1 will not venture to say to
the honorable Senator that he has not seriously
considered what he has uttered; I suppose he has
deliberately examined the question; but 1 say, in
behalf of the Judiciary Committee, that they also
have carefully considtied it, and if they have erred
in the propositions which they have stated, or in
the deductions which they have drawn, it is be-
cause of the infirmity of their nature and their in-
ability to comprehend the subject referred to them,
not from Want of care or attention. The Judiciary
Committee have asseited the proposition that Con-
gress possesses no power to create a State. Tiiey
have examined the question first with reference to
the Constitution, and secondly to the interpretation
which has been given to us provisions in the usage
of the Government.
^ i he proposition of the Senator from Tennessee
is, on the other hand, that Congress alone, and no
other power, has authority to create a State.
Mr. BELL, (in his seat.) Of this Union.
Mr. BERRIEN. That is a limitation of the
proposition. Be it so. Certainly nobody but
Congress can admit a State into this Union; and,
so far, the sole power to create a State may be said
to belong to Congress. But the argument of the !
honoiable Senator for the power of Congress went I
further, and applied to the condition of a people I
who, before their admission into the Union, claimed
to constitute a State. Now, there are two propo-
that till a better definition can be given, we must
adopt the one which has been considered appro-
priate, which has been adopted in former times,
arid has been generally received. A Staie has been
defined to be a political community—a body of
men organized for the purpose of civil government.
Those \yho have been disposed to refine on the
subject, i\ave used it in contradistinction to a mon-
archy or despotism. But a Stat,e, considered as a
political organization foil the purposes of civil gov-
ernment, is the definition which I submit to the
honorable Senator and to the Senate. The propo-
sition is, that nobody but Congress 'can create a
State. Now, sir, in considering this, look first to
the Constitution. I presume that I misunderstood
the honorable Senator, or that it was a mere lapsus
lingua5, when he said that Congress could do any-
thing not prohibited by the Constitution.
Mr. BELL, (hi his seat.) It was not so.
Mr. BERRIEN. Yery well. Then I under-
stand the proposition to be that Congress may do
whatever is not prohibited by the Constitution, I
thought at the moment that it was a misapprehen-
sion of terms, but the Senator acquiesces in my
understanding of it. And now, sir, allow me to
ask, what is this legislative power of Congress?
It does not require a large discussion. If we look
to the Constitution we find it declared that all legis-
lative power therein granted shall be vested in the
Congress of the United States. These is, then, no
power conferred upon the Congress of the United
States which is not expressly granted, or necessa-
rily incidental to some granted power. Well, I
look into the Constitution for the purpose of as-
certaining the power which Congress possesses in,
relation to creating States, and I find there a power
to admit new States.
The subject of States to be admitted into the
Union was therefore present to the mind of the
members of the Convention who formed the Con-
stitution. X look again, and I find a power given
to Congress to make rules and regulations for the
governmentof Territories. There is, then, a power
to admit Stales and to govern Territories, but the
power to create a Btale is not found in the Consti-
tution. The transition of a people from the con-
dition of a Territory to that of a State is casus
omissus in the Constitution. If it be true—and who
will deny it—that Congress possesses no powers
but those which are expressly granted, or neces-
sarily incident to some granted power, this refer-
ence would seem to exclude the idea that they are
invested with power to create a State. With refer-
ence to the intermediate period between the condi-
tion of a Territory and that of a State, all provision
is omitted in the Constitution, and, as I apprehend,
purposely omitted; for the Convention had in
mind the condition of the Territories when they
provided the clause which relates to the govern-
ment of Territories. And they had in mind the
subject of States to be admitted into the Union
when they gave to Congress the power to admit
new States.
Butl put the question, since it is obvious that
tjiis whole subject was considered by the Conven-
tion—since they gave to Congress the power to
make rules and regulations for the government of
the teiritories, and authorized them to admit new
States, would they have overlooked the condition
of the people of a territory, in their transition
state from their territorial condition to that of a
State, if they had intended to invest Congress with
ceded by other States to the Union, or from terri-
tories acquired by the Union from foreign Govern-
ments.
Now, in relation to the first class, it is stated in
the report that Congress have admitted new States
formed out of other States, without subjecting them
' to the condition of pupilage which they require m
other cases. But, in relation to States formed out
of territories ceded by other States, or by foreign
Governments, they have been uniformly subjected
to a state of pupilage, of territonal government,
before they have been admitted as States. The
Senator from Tennessee supposes that the case of
Kentucky offers an exception, and furnishes a
proof of his proposition that Congress has power
to create a State. Will the Senator for a moment
I consider how total is the want of analogy between
j that case and the one we are now considering—how
J entirely different these cases are? The power of
I Congress in tjiat case was exercised under a clause
| of the Constitution which declares that no State
shall be formed out of any other State without the
consent of that-State. The people of the district of
Kentucky desired to form a separate State. They
applied to the Legislature of Virginia, of which
State they constituted a part, for an act authorizing
them to form an independent State government.
This application was prolonged during several
years, from difficulties which existed between the
Legislature of Virginia and the people of Kentucky
I as to the terms on which this consent should be
given. But when they had surmounted these diffi-
j culties, then they made application to Congress for
] their admission into the Union as a State. Well,
, did the Legislature of Virginia create that State?
] Did the Congress of the United States create it?
j No, sir; Virginia gave her consent first that the
| people of the district of Kentucky should form a
! State, because the territory was a part of that State,
I and Congress then provided for their admission
J into the Union, because they had complied with
I the provision of the Constitution by obtaining the
j consent of the State of which they formed a part.
I But, in reference to both, it was a mere consent
i that that should be done which was done, in the
, exercise of the right of popular sovereignty, by the
j people of the district of Kentucky, in forming their
| own constitution, and thereby constituting them-
! selves a State. And that they did, in form and in
j fact, before they were admitted into the Union.
I The act of Congress was prospective. It provided
j for the admission of Kentucky as a State in June,
; 1792, and in April of that year they formed their
j constitution, and became a State. In November
I following President Washington announced to
j Congress that a copy of their constitution had been
I transmuted to h'lin. 1 repeat, then, that there
j never has been an unoigaryzed body of men admit-
| ted by the Congress of the United States as a State
[ of this Union.
I But there is another proposition of the Senator
I which may require a moment's examination. It is,
I that Congress has .a controlling power over the
i people of the territories; that they cannot form a
i constitution without the consent of Congress, un-
I less it be in the exercise of what the Se°nator de-
nominates the right of revolution. -Now, sir, if he
will do me the favor to revise the report of the
committee, he will find nothing which conflicts
with the proposition which he thus states. The
report traces the course of the Government on this
subject. It states that Cong
■ = —j— —^«..sress, m the exercise
power over that sifbject, the power to create a of the power conferred by the Constitution gives
State? No, sir. It was omitted, and purposely r its consent to the people of a territory to f'oim a
ft  V1 1 f fr *** t J 1 VN l-w  *I 1 AM rt A t /"s t t, A A/\ r. maa f . 1 .-i U ... — ... I l I i . J
constitution, which constitutes them a Slate; but
whether, m the absence of such a consent, it would
be competent for them to form a constitution and
organize themselves into a State, is a question .
which is neither affirmed nor denied in the report.
But the question here is, whether the State that
First, nobody but Congress can create a State.
He asks, "What is a State?" Weil, 1 suppose
omitted, m obedience to those great and broad
principles by which that Convention was actuated
—to the principle of popular sovereignty which
belongs to every free people, which requires that
those who are to constitute the State are alone
competent to organize it. Sir, this interpretation   
j| of the Constitution has been verified by the um-j is formed byTn'e" people of a territory, with the
j form usage of this Government from the very time ■ consent of Congress, is created by the people or by
!! of its foundation to the present moment. And the j Congfess ? And when that question is examined
; exceptions which have been dwelt upon with so | by the Senator from Tennessee, I think he will
| much earnestness by the Senator from Tennessee ; find it cannot admit of a doubt. Congress does
I will be found, on a very cursory examination, to not form a constitution and government for the
, have no analogy to the question which we are con- : new State. It authorizes the people of the tcm-
! S'dermg. 1 he proposition stated in the report oftory to do this. If the power was in Congress,
, the Judiciary Committee is, that the States which ! why do they not exerc.se it? IfC'ongress possessed
the power of creating a State, why do they depute
ik'2?s °f. t'\e ®eilat2r which i wish to consider. I; have been admitted into the Union are of two
classes: States formed outof portions of theStates j
already existing, or States formed out of territories I
the power to another, and not exercise it them-
selves? Could they exercise it? Could they form
