250
appendix to the congressional globe.
[Feb. 23,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
New Mexico and California—Mr. Dayton.
Senate.
which is, to amend the amendment proposed by
the honorable Senator from Wisconsin by the
amendment which I yesterday sent- to the chair,
and which is now on the table. That amendment,
sir, consists in nothing but the statute which gave
a temporary government to Florida and Louisiana,
with ah ^appropriation to carry it into" effect. It
provides—
"That until the end of the first session of the next Con-
gress, unleesother provision fortbegoverrimentof the territo-
ries recently acquired from Mexico, under the late treaty
with that Government, {dated second February, eighteen
hundred and forty-eight,) be sooner made "by Congress, all
the military, civil, and judicial powers exercised by the offi-
cers of the existing government of the same territories shall
be vested in such person or persons, and shall be exercised
in. such manner, as the President of the United States shall
direct, for the maintaininc the inhabitants of said territo-
ries -in the free enioyment of their liberty, property, and
religion; and the laws of the United States, relating to the
revenue and its collection, shall be extended to said toriito- j
rie<u And the President of the United States shall be, and ;
lie is hereby, authorized, within the term aforesaid, to estab- |
lishsueh districts for the collection of the revenue, and during
the recess of Congress appoint such officers, whose commis-
sions shall expire at the end of the next session of Congress,
to enforce the said laws, as to him shall seem expedient;
said officers to receive such compensation as the President
may prescribe, not exceeding double the/compensation
heretofore paid to similar officers of the United States, or its
territories, for lite service; and to enable the same to be
done, the sum of two hundred thousand dollars be appro-
priated, "out of any money in the treasury not otherwise
appropriated."
I said, Mr. President, when this matter was up
on Wednesday last, that the proposition of the
Senator from Wisconsin embodied, to some extent
at least, ray views of what ought to be done during
this session of Congress; but my impression, from
a hasty reading of that proposition, then was, that
it would be better to adhere to the precedents fixed
by past legislation; and a more careful examina-
tion of the amendment has satisfied me of the cor-
rectness of this conclusion. ' I am willing, for ohe,
to give to the territory of California a government
—either a temporary one, such as was given to
Florida and Louisiana, or the ordinary form of
territorial government. But it seems to me that
we cannot overlook the fact, that under exist-
ing circumstances, it is scarcely probable that any
territorial bill will pass during this session. I
may be pardonetl for saying, that- if such a bill
pass the House, it will pass with peculiar provis-
ions in reference to the subject of slavery; and
such n bill, with such provisions, will scarcely
pass this body; and should it pass this body, I
refer only to public acts and public declarations of
the President, when I say that, ultimately, it can-
not become a law. The question is, therefore,
whether wc will give to California a temporary
government or no government? For one, I repeat
again, I am disposed to provide for this country a
government of the same character as was provided
for Florida and Louisiana; and 1 prefer that it
should be created under the operation ofmyamend-
ment rather than that it should be raised under the
operation of that proposed by the Senator from
Wisconsin. I suspect that there is something
more in that amendment than met the eye or at-
tracted the attention of the Senator from Wiscon-
sin. The proposition of the Senator is, in the first
place, objectionable, because it is novel in form,
and in some respects untried in substance. In the
next place, it is objectionable, because it assumes
in this indirect way to settle the question of bound-
ary between New Mexico and Texas. It limits
this species of territorial government to a country it
which lies west of the Rio Grande, leaving-that on II
the east under the government of Texas, or none !<
at all. In the third place, and more-especially is i|
it objectionable, becaS&e it assumes to extend, by !i
present enactments, the Constitution of the United ji
States over the territories of California and New
Mexico. ;
Wow, sir, in the first place, this is objectionable i1
because of its changing, in the view and according
to the doctrine of the South, the present condition
of things in reference to the question of carrying :
slaves into these territories. It has been held by '
established judicial authority that the Constitution
of the United States, propria vigore, does not ex-
tend to or reach the territories at all. You are :
about, then, by a legislative enactment, to extend
the Constitution to a country over which the Con-
stitution does not and cannot extend until you
admit it as a §tate. If the Constitution does not ||
fcy its own inherent power extend to the territories,
as the Supreme Court of the United States have
held, no act of legislation can carry it there.
Butlif you do extend its operation by legislative
enactment, then you alter, if- the southern view of
the Constitution be right, (in which I do not con-
cur,) the position of certain great interests in this
country. Our friends of the South say, that urfder
the operation of the Constitution, they have a right
to take slaves wherever thaj Constitution reaches.
It does not now reach, according to judicial decis-
ions, to California. You seek by special act on this
amendment to make the Constitution overreach
California and New Mexico, and thus give to the
South, aecording'to their view, a privilege which
they would not otherwise have. In the first place,
I say that you cannot, by legislative enactment,
extend the Constitution; and, if you did, it would
not be right, under existing circumstances, upon
pretence merely of giving a temporary government
to California, to change the relative position in
which parties stand in reference "to this slave ques-
tion. Now, in forming this temporary govern-
ment for California, we of the free States ask no
advantage, and are disposed to yield no advantage.
I We are willing to govern the country, to shelter
the people from disorder and anarchy, but leave
the law and other matters to remain as they are.
In lieu of this provision, suggested by the Sena-
tor from Wisconsin, 1 offer to our'southern friends,
to the country, that species of temporary govern-
ment which has been yielded by the North to the
South—to the slave territories of Florida and Lou-
isiana. And I ask oursouthern friends now whether
they will not be willing to adopt for a free country
the same species of government which we cheer-
fully extended to Florida, a slave country? •
When I intimated my purpose to offer this sec-
tion i"n lieu of that proposed by the Senator from
Wisconsin, I was not aware that the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts was disposed to offer
any new proposition. That proposition does not
differ materially from the one which I have pre-
sented, except in one of its phases. It does not
extend the revenue laws over the country, which
it seems to me is absolutely essential. I have, in
offering this proposition to establish a temporary
government there, stricken out the clause which
prevents the importation of free people of color. I
have done this simply for the purpose of relieving
the sensibilities and gratifying the feelings of our
southern friends. That clause in the Florida act
extends only to the foreign slave trade, and that is
now prohibited—itis piracy by law. At all events
it is useless, and I have therefore cheerfullyerased
it from the proposition. I prefer this proposition,
because it is a tried precedent in two cases, and has
been found to answer the purpose.
Now, permit me to call the attention of the Sen-
ate to the operation of this act in time past. In the
case of Florida, that country was acquired by
treaty of the 22d of February, 1819. Some difficul-
ty arose about the ratification of the treaty, which
I was signed here by Don Onis, the Spanish Minis-
; ter, and Mr. Adams. It was supposed that it would
be ratified in Spain immediately, and under that
pursuasion an act was passed similar to that which I
j I, now offer, on the 3d of.March, 1619. There I
i was some difficulty about the ratification of that '
j treaty in Spain, which delayed the matter, and i
j another act wa3 subsequently passed March 3, I
1821. Both of these acts were substantially the I
same as the one which 1 offer. Under this act that i
country was governed until March 30, 1822. So, !
too, the same was true in relation to the govern- J
ment of Louisiana. Tfiat State was likewise ac- |
quired by treaty, and she was piovided with a
temporary government under a law somewhat an- :
alogous, and was governed for one year. There |
is no difficulty in reference to these laws-—they are j
established precedents—having been acted on in |
time past. I ask the Senate, with all respect, why, ;
when we are about to provide for a new country, '
acquired from a foreign power, why we are to de-
part from established precedents, (precedents which 1
have served our purpose in time past,) and hazard ''
State governments or any'other kind of govern-
ment? .
Under this law for a temporary government,
you can govern California, and keep it in order :
too. It is the very kind of government which i
you will want in California now, and for a year |l
er two to come. That country will need a gov- j
ernment where the arm of the Executive is strong.
i You have been told, by the Senator from Tennes-
i see, that in the course of a year the good will
I be overrun by the bad; that you will have there
1 literally the offscourings of the earth and the
sweepings of the sea; that every tribe, and kindred,
and tongue will be there. You will want a gov-
ernment strong enough and powerful enough to
keep this incongruous material in order. I know
well the species of power which Jackson exercised
under this Florida law, and you will need some-
thing of this kind for the people of California.
Give such a power, and this country will be gov-
erned better than the country could govern itself
for two or three years to come. We need such a
law, and the power which such a law gives for the
exigency.
And, sir, if the hour is approaching when a
strong government is needed there, thank God the
man is approaching too who will not fear to exer-
cise it if called for. - The hour and the man are
I just at hand I The present Governor, too, General
j Persifer Smith, is a statesman as well as a soldier.
I Give us the power, and we will give you law and
order in£!alifornia more effectually than California
will provide law and order for itself. I know that
under this act, provided for the temporary gov-
ernment of Florida, General Jackson did strain
his power to its utmost tension—he took such a
course as to alarm prudent thinking men in refer-
j ence to such laws: He usurped—not usurped,
' because it was allowed afterwards by Congress to
be rightly done—he took to himself all the powers
of government—executive, legislative, and judi-
cial. Under the commission given him by Presi-
dent Monroe and the act of Congress, he took all
the powers of the Captain General, Intendantand
j Governor of the Island of Cuba. When he 'came
| to justify his highhanded power, he showed that,
under the commission which he held and this law,
I he was authorized to exercise all such powers.
' It was shown that this officer, the Captain General
of Cuba, had a species of absolute power over the
whole of Florida. He reigned there as a despot,
centering in himself the right to legislate, to con-
strue, and to execute. It was, therefore, under
this- law that General Jackson was able to justify
himself for the course that he took in Florida.
But let it be remembered, that there is no such
j law, no such captain-general possessing these ex-
' traordinary powers in California. The man who
rules there must regulate himself by the laws ex-
isting there. There is no danger that the incom-
ing President, or the Governor, General Smith, a
statesman and soldier, (as before said,) would ex-
ercise under this act any undue of high-handed
Executive power.
Mr. Piesident, if this clause pass, incorporated
j in this appropriation bill, (I confess it is.a species
j of incongruence which I do not like—a departure
, from that strict propriety and parliamentary prece-
; dent which ought to govern us here)—but if it pass,
j I say, either in this appropriation bill or out of the
l| appropriation bill, there will be no law for a Slate
jj government in California at this session; and that
i! is one strong reason, to my mind, for its favorable
jl consideration. I hold, Mr. President, that there is
'I no sufficient reason for the establishment ofaState
;! government there now, while there is much to con-
j demn it.- The Senate will bear with me in the few
j remarks which I offer on this point, because the
I subject has been largely spoken of here and else-
i where. The reasons assigned for the formation of
a State government are not commensurate with the
object. I speak with all respect for my southern
friends and for southern legislators, and all who
are interested. In my humble judgment, there is
i little difficulty in reference to the subject of slavery
to grow ultimately out of California, if that question
' be left open for the future, though I would willingly
I settle it now, if it could rightly be done. The vast
I influx of free population does not permit it to be
1 a question, if it ever were so, whether the territory
' shall continue fiee. I hold that there will be no
nullification, now or hereafter, to be apprehended
on any such grounds as the want of ability to carry
slaves to California. If such an evil come, my
word for it, it will be in consequence of some great
practical wrong done by one section of the Confed-
eracy to another. 1 cannot, therefore, seriously
lay to heart those solemn warnings, or even those
State resolutions which have been laid on out table.
