1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
557
30th Cong 2d-Sess.
New Mexico and California—Mr.'Dayton.
New Series -..No. 17.
My deep confidence in the attachment of the South
to the Union will not permit me to believe that, on
a question involving no practical wrong, she would
ever dissolve the Union if she could.
Mr. BUTLER. I should like to understand
the nature of the position taken by the Senator from
New Jersey before he proceeds further. Do I
understand the Senator to maintain that he objects
to the extension of the Constitution of the United
States over California, because it would give south-
em slaveholders the benefit of its protection ? !
Mr. DAYTON. I wish the Senator from South j
Carolina had propounded that inquiry while I was !
speaking upon that branch of the subject. I ob- j
served that there was in this bill an indirect way j!
of changing the relative position of parties, accord-
ing, at least, to the southern view of the Constitu-
tion. While I am willing to provide for the gov-
ernment of that country, and to do everything to
suppress anarchy and disorder, 1 am yet unwill-
• ing to do any act which, even indirectly, can |j
change the position of parties, according to the j
view of anybody, in reference to this subject. I ||
was arguing that part of the question upon the !i
southern view of their rights under the Constiiu- j
tion-. I concur myself in no such view. I have j1
already stated, that I do not believe that under the jl
Constitution, even if it extended there, with the j
!a\ys of that country as they now exist, the South j!
have a right to take slaves there." I say it would J:
better the position of the South, according to their "j
view of the powers granted by the Constitution. \[
T am not disposed to alter or strengthen, in the h
view of any section of the country, the rights of
the South by our acts on this bill. My other point !;
on that subject was: you cannot, you have not the .
constitutional power to make the Constitution •
^ reach, by a legislative act, one inch further than it |,
does reach "proprlo vigort." The Constitution au- ^
thorizes the admission of new States, and m that /
way only can you extend the Constitution where (
it does not otherwise reach. But, as I before said, ,j
I had passed from that branch of the subject; and \\
I am now speaking of the probabilities of diffi- j;
ciilty grow'ing out of the slave question, if we do ^
not now provide aStategovernment in California, jj
I cannot, in my heart, anticipate any such serious
future difficulty from this question of slavery in !
California. I cannot believe that our southern
friends, upon any question which is not practical
—which does not do them a practical wrong—will
willingly interfere with the relations which at pres-
ent exist between the several members of this Con-
federacy. If they do, sir, permit me, with all
respect, to ask them how are they to resist this
thins? Let us look at the question practically, and J
see how difficulty is to grow out of the extension of ||
this clause providing against the admission of sla- !j
very into California, supposing that in future it |
should be done. Congress will not pretend to ex- i
tend the proviso to South Carolina or Virginia, or j
any other of the slave States; nothing of the kind. |
How, then, let me ask, is Virginia or South Caro- ];
lina to resist the extension of this clause to Cali-
fornia, if Congress shall so order? Let us see how,,
• it will operate. A southern planter goes to Call-:1
forma, and he takes his slaves along with him, an j>
indefinite number. Having cot into that country, j:
some individual—not "moved and seduced by the
instigation of the d I," nor even the spirit of;
abolition, but by some abstract notion of human j
rights—thinks proper (the laws of Congress hav- ^
ing control in that Territory) to have a habeas :
corpus issued, and a slave brought before a judge; i
who, upon reference to the law, discharges the j
slave. What then will the planter do? WilHie '
stand to his arms? declaimg that he will not yield— J
that lie will resist—"come one, come all." He ,
might peifnrm wonders; but the odds would be •
something against him! If there should be a doz-
en of these planters—well skilled in the manual— j
adepts in the drill—I very much fear they would |
be m no better condition. The odds would be !
fearfully against them. The result would be that !
he or they "would have to fall back on the "corps
of reserve," the States at home. Suppose this
should he the case, what would our southern
friends do? You do not mean to raise an army
and march to California, for the purpose of pro-
tecting in the stand he lias taken this man, who
has expatriated himself from his own State, and ,
of his own accord taken this hazardous species of
17
property, |t his own risk, along with him. The
utmost you can do is to pass resolutions nullifying
the law, which could have no effect in California*
In 1832, when we extended our revenue laws to
South Carolina, she closed her ports and nullified
the law, declaring that revenue should not be col-
lected within her borders. There you had a prac-
tical means of nullification; but it did not amount
to much even then. But with reference to the en-
forcement of this law in California, how will Vir-
ginia" or South Carolina act if it should be so
enforced? They pass resolutions, and what will
their passage amount to? Nothing, nothing at all.
Will you, for this, withdraw—secede from the
Union? No; but if you should, would you gain
your object? Would you nullify the law? No; you
would retire chagrined, like Achilles to his tent;
but ere long, habit, unseen Doubles, self-interest,
aye and a better feeling, will knock at the door of
your mighty heart and, like Achilles, you will again
come out to the batte. Secession for such a cause
will never last—it will never begin.
But we are told that we are wounding the South,
the sensibilities of our southern friends. God for-
bid it should be so! No purpose, no design of
that kind actuates us. We are told the purpose
is to degrade, socially and politically, the southern
States and southern people. God forbid, again, it
should be so! Social degradation! Why, know-
ing what we know, and feeling what we feel, this
seems strange to northern ears. Sir, the very name
of a southern gentleman is literally a passport—it
gives the entree to the social circles of the North,
anywhere and everywhere. What southern gen-
tleman, wlule associating with northern friends,
ever felt his position in society affected from the
fact that he was connected with the southern insti-
tution of slavery? And, with regard to the charge
of wishing politically to degrade you—to reduce
you from a state of equality to a state or condition
of suboidination—sir, look, I beseech you, at the
past history of this Government, from its founda-
tion to the present hour, and forward at least eight
years to come, and see whether the South has
suffered political rlf gradation. Twelve out of sixty
years is 'the whole peridd of time that we of the
North have held the governmental supremacy of
this country. While the votes of the country, the
mass of property, the people of the country have
been greatest in the North and West, the suprem-
acy, the honors of the country have uniformly gone
to the South. Political degradation, political in-
equality! Why, look a2;ain at the past! Since
the adoption of the Constitution you have extended
your area, your relative influence, vastly beyond
anything that has been done for the North; and
this is a vital point. H refers not to mere in-
cidental matters, such as the catching of a runaway
negro, but to points touch ing the'relative strength—
the vital power of the two sections of the Confed-
eracy. No man who looks over the past history of
the country, and sees what has been, what is, and
what is yet to be in the way of southern supremacy,
should undertake to talk about southern subordi-
, nation; of an intent upon our part to reduce the
I South from its state of perfect equality. If any
. such attempt should be made, resist it; resist it to
■ the death; and, so help me God, you will find
' freemen at the North ready at least to sympathize
; with you in your effort. But first be sure, be very
sure of vour facts! We do not complain that you
' have had the advantage of us from the very organi-
zation of the Government; but when you look over
our past history, we beseech, we implore you, in
\iew of your advantages, not to chaigc us with the
purpose, the settled intent, to reduce you Irom
equality to subordination. Sir, I repeat again,
with the utmost respect, that I have little fe:i>* of
' ultimate difficulty'growing out of this negro ques-
! tion m California. _
Tt is no matter of surprise tnat southein gentle-
men on this floor, who ace sustaining an institution
endeared to them by habit and secured by the
Constitution, should be supported enthusiastically
by a high-minded constituency. J3utlet tins ques-
tion of secession for the want ol power to cairy
■ slaves into California become a pioctical question,
1 a fact, to be acted upon and not talked about, I do
not believe there is a State, from the Potomac to
the Gulf, where the advocates of disunion couid
: sustain themselves on such a question,#t a popular
' election, for a single hour. But if the South or any
j southern State, could, under the circumstances, and
| for such a cause, secede; if all the recollections of
; the past, and all the hopes of the future, for such
| a cause, should be forgotten, I would almost be
; tempted to say, but for the Constitution which
1 forbids it, Go, go in peace. But that will not, that
cannot, that ought not to be. I repeat again, that
I I have no fear of nullification arising out of this
question, if you leave it open for the future. I say,
therefore, Mr. President, 1 am willing to deal with
j this country as we have dealt with other countries
i —give it a temporary government or a territorial
| government if we can; I prefer either to a State
j government.
, And now, sir, for a few moments, I desire to
make some observations in reference to this matter
, of a State government, much spoken of, and can-
■ vassed here and elsewhere. How can you make
California a State government? Can Congress
create a State ? Congress create a State! Sir, I
: never thought, until I heard it here a day or two
since from the Senator from Tennessee, [Mr.
Bell,] that such a proposition could have entered
the mind of any human being. His idea is, that
Congress can alone create a State; that no State
, government can be created in our territories, save
! by revolution, if without the authority of Congress.
Now, what does this argument prove? Suppose
i no State couid be created m territories without the
S leave of Congress, either in advance or by adoption
J afterwards, save by revolution, what does it prove?
j It only proves, sir, that we can admit a State into
! the Union which is a Staie de facto by i evolution.
| When the debates of the Convention were in
! progress, the section declaring that new States
| may he admitted was inserted with reference to a
- future admission of theCanadas, then a dependent
i province, which of course could only become States
i by revolution. The only object of the scction was
• to admit a State which might become so by revo-
^ lution. If we have power to create a State, why
! do wc not do it? Why say to the people of our
: territories, as we ever have, if you are disposed to
| create a State we will admit you ? It is an act of
[ popular sovereignty, exercise it if you please. Our
! power is to admits permit you to come, not to force
i you. If we had this power to create, all we would
have to do would be to pass a law and resolve that
California was a State, and it would become one.
' A schoolboy may cut a man out of a bit of paper
and say it is a man, but is it a man ? Has it the
' blood, bones,and sinews of a man ? You call this
! territory a State, but is it a StateHas it any of
J the essential powers or prerequisites ot a State?
I Can it do anything that a State can do ? If not,
i what a farce is it to call it a State?
j I would refer to the last example for the true
; practice—the admission of Texas. Congress said
by law she might be erected into a State—might go
! on and establish a republican form of government,
in order that at some future period she might be
admitted as a State of the Union; ami then, some
! six months after, when she had complied with the
1 requisitions that you had enacted—after reciting
the fact that she had complied, established a repub-
■ lican form of government and had a constitution—
she was admitted as a State into the Union.
: Mr. DOWNS. Was there any act subsequent
; to the first for the admission of Texas?
Mr. DAYTON. Certainly; six months after.
1 The first act gives power to Texas to erect itself
' into a State and establish a i tpublican form of gov-
; ernment, " In vrdtr that" it might be thereafter
' admitted. And some six months after, upon the
I production of these papers establishing tlie fact that
she had thus established herself into sl fotate, and
had a constitution with a republican form of gov-
. errmient, she was admitted. \ou ought never to
. admit a State without first inspecting her constitu-
tion: if within the letter to do so, it is in mjr judg-
ment against the spirit and intent of the i'eueral
Constitution. . ,
Thereare two provisions m the Constitution that
bear uoon this auestion—perhaps three. One gives
the power to admit a new State; to permit it to
. come in of its own volition, not to drag it m. An-
' other provision is, that the Federal Government
shiU guaranty to such State a republican form of
o-ovemment; and a third, that this tederal Gov-
e-nment has power to interpose in cases of domes-
tic violence, which includes the power to prevent
1 its form of government being overthrown by rev-
