my
appendix to the congressional globe.
.[Feb. 23,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
New Mexico and California—Mr. Foote.
Senate.
priation bill for the civil and diplomatic expenses
of the Government. We all know what delays
are continually occurring; we all see the reluc-
tance that is manifested to-day by the great ma-
jority of the Senate to prolong the duration of our
daily sittings. Should we not, then, proceed ex-
clusively with the subjects appropriately belonging
to this appropriation bill? Tnere are many amend-
ments to be proposed. There are some which I
desire myself to propose; in doing which, X shall
not occupy five minutes, however, because the
time of the Senate is precious. I hope, therefore,
that all these amendments regarding a government
for California, which are proposed to be incorpo-
rated in the civil and diplomatic bill, may be re-
jected ,as a more appropriate occasion is just before
tis—a measure which will naturally give rise to a
discussion of this subject being now upon our
table, and one which will be taken up in its order.
And allow me to add, that I have avoided, and
shall avoid, all discussion that ^calculated to ex-
cite local or party feelings, or to disturb the progress
of the Senate and the Government in making a
proper present temporary provision for the govern-
ment of California. Enough for this day—I will
■not say is the evil—but the duty thereof. Our
* duty is immediately, if we can, to give a practical
and secure government to the people of California,
and there, in >my judgment, our present duty ter-
minates. I have no idea that any remarks which
f I might feel disposed to make would be either
gratifying or instructive to the Senate, and I shail,
therefore, from a sense of duty, abstain from occu-
pying further'time in relation to this subject, at
present.
Mr. FOOTE addressed the Senate as follows;
•Mr. President: I regret most seriously that, at
so late a period of our session, I should feel com-
pelled, by circumstances not to be disregarded, to
address the Senate at greater length than has here-
tofore been at ali usual with me; but, sir, when
the gravity of the occasion is duly considered, the
serious consequences obviously impending upon
our deliberations fairly weighed, and the special
provocates to response which have been just now
administered by two distinguished Senators prop-
erly appreciated, I trust that I shall not be entirely
without justification before the Senate and the
country for this unwonted intrusion upon the at-
tention of the body..
Mr. President, the honorable Senator from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Bell,] a day or two ago, in the very
able and patriotic speech delivered by him in this
Chamber, urged upon us the impen'ous necessity
of establishing some government, without delay,
for our recently-acquired territories of California
and New Mexico. 'That honorable Senator charged
upon the Democratic party of the Republic that
they were responsible for the acquisition of these
territories. This, Mr. President, is most true. Wei
are surely thus responsible. We acquired these :
territories, partly, as the result of a just war, most
vigorously and successfully prosecuted—partly as ;
tho fruits of diplomatic negotiation authorized by I
the Government, and consummated under Demo-
cratic ausniccs. The honorable Senator alluded to '
has further alleged that the Democratic party, and
especially its leaders here, (among whom 1 am cer- ■
tainly not to be ranked,) are bound in a very special ,
manner to cooperate in the provision of a govern- :
ment and laws for these territories of ours, and '
those of our fellow-citizens who have gone, or are
now going tmther, which may secure them safety
against domestic violence and disorder, or foreign
aggression, or any other evil to which they may be '
exposed for want of rhe protective shield of regu- .
larly otsramzed municipal institutions. In tnis .
proposition also [ ngr^e cordially with the hon-
orable Senator. The Democratic party are bound "
in rhe most imperious manner to supply a govern-
ment to California and New Mexico. The stipu- !
lations of a solemn treaty with the ?vZexican Re-
public demand at our hands that no unnecessary
delay should^occur in extending to the qualified
inhabitants of these territories the rights of Ameri-
can citizenship. Otir feliow-citizcns who have gone
to those distant regions expecting, and having a
right to expect, the protection of a government and
laws, demand from usthat we should not forget
their exposed condition, or overlook the hideous *
sunerutgs to which our neglect to perform our duty !f
on this subject will inevitably expose them. The
valuable landed interests which we have acquired
by the treaty with Mexico, the vast mineral wealth
which that treaty has placed within our reach,
the incalculable commercial 'ad vantages which it
has secured to us, all admonish us ol the import-
ance of retaining firm possession of these new
territories, and of subjecting them at once and
thoroughly to governmental control and wise le-
gislative regulation. 1 feel authorized to say, in
behalf of the Democratic members of this body,
or at least of most of them, that they are duly
sensible of their obligation to assist in supplying
an efficient government, in some shape or lorm, to
California and New Mexico; and that they will
not shrink from the performance of their duty in
this respect. Can the honorable Senator fiom
Tennessee answer with equal confidence for his
political associates in this body—for those who
have united with him in bringing about the result
of the late Presidential election ? I hope that my
honorable friend from Tennessee will not find
himself alone upon the other side of the Chamber
in the execution of the good work which he seems
to have so much at heart. It certainly seems to me
to be an occasion upon which enlightened patriots
might well unite in sentiment and action, without
regard to mere party considerations. But, Mr.
President, 1 confees that the indications, at pres-
ent presented, are not of a nature to authorize a
confident expectation of that consentaneous action
which is so very desirable.
Now, sir, what is the state of things? The hon-
orable Senator from Wisconsin has proposed to this
body an amendment to the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill, which, if adopted, will extend
to the Territories of California and New Mexico
the Constitution of the United States, and all and
singular the several acts of Congress respecting the
registering, recording, and ^enrolling, or licensing
ships or vessels, and the entry and clearance there-
of, and the foreign and coasting trade and fisheries;
and all and singular the acts respecting the imposing
and collecting the duties on imports, and ali acts
respecting the intercourse with the Indian tribes,
!j and all acts respecting the public lands_or the sur-
|| vey or sale thereof; and ail and singular the other
|! acts of Congress of a public andageneral character,
!i and the provisions whereof are suitable and proper
'['to be applied to the territories west of the Rio del
j Norte, acquired from Mexico by our treaty of*2d
j Februaiy, 1848. The amendment of the honor-
i able Senator from Wisconsin further proposes to
give authority to tha President of the United States
/ to presenbe and establish all proper and needful
;■ rules and regulations (in conformity with the Con-
jj stitunon of the United States) for the enforcement
,| of said laws in said territones, and for the preser-
'• vation of order and tranquillity, and for the estab-
hshment of justice therein; giving to the President
;j also authority from time to time to modify and
i change such rules arid regulations in such manner
as may seem to him discreet and proper; and to
; establish temporarily divisions, districts, ports,
■ offices, and all arrangements proper for the execu-
tion of said laws, and to appoint and commission ■
' such oificeis as may be necessary to administer ,
' said laws for a term of service such as he may pre- '
scribe-, subject to the action of Congress hereafter,
and securing to said officers, for the service which
' they may be called upon to render to the Govern-
. ment and their fellow-citizens, a fair recompense,
i And this amendment, conceived in a spirit of the :
, noblest liberality, equally marked with fervid :
patriotism and practical wisdom, the appearance
of which has been welcomed in this Chamber
by many Democratic members of the Senate, has 1
already been fated to encounter the fiercest and
most energetic opposition from gentlemen who
belong to the opposing party. This amendment
of the honorable Senator from Wisconsin, which
confers so much additional patronage upon the '
Executive of the Union—patronage inevitably to
be dispensed by the President elect, whose inau-
guration we shad witness a few days hence— 1
this amendment, which clothcs the Executive of
the Union (the President elect) with so much addi-
tional power, has met with favor almost undivided
among those who preferred another distinguished  
citizen to himself as a candidate for Presidential '
honors, while it is discountenanced, frowned upon, !
and even denounced by distinguished gentlemen ,1
who were the zealous advocates of his claims to
high political advancement. I confess, sir, that I
am altogether unable to understand this case; and
I am sure that it is destined to awaken mtich sur-
prise in the public mind, if even a stronger feeling
should, not be called into action. Sir, if General
•^Taylor be the man'that we have heard him repre-
sented as being—if he be a man of sound discrim-
inating intellect, of pure heart, of extraordinary
energy of characler, and capable of dealing with
men and things judiciously and skillfully, there
can be no danger in intrusting him with the hhrh
powers proposed to be given him by the amend-
ment under consideration, and placing under his
control the immense mass of official patronage
designed by this amendment to be subject to his
distiibution. How is it, I ask emphatically, that
gentlemen upon the other side of the chamber pro-'
fess to apprehend so many unfortunate conse-
quences as unavoidably to result from the adoption
of the amendment of the honorable Senator from
Wisconsin^ Can they not, I ask again, confide
in the President of their own choice as fully even
as those who did not contribute to his election?
Have they received information recently which
alarms them as to his course a3 the Executive of
the nation? Do they doubt his good sense? Do
the.y doubt his patriotism? Do they question his
disinterestedness? Do they dread any want of
j ability and virtue in those who are expected to
become his Cabinet advisers? It would really
appear that honorable gentlemen, lately so exultant
over the issue of the Presidential contest, are not
at present so well satisfied with having elevated to
( the highest office in the republic the glorious old
] chieftain whose military achievements entitle him
: so richly to the respect and gratitude of his coun-
| trymen. Sir, I am gratified to know that, however
1 the professed friends and declared political allies
! of this hero of many battles may be inclined to
' distrust him, there are those who do not, by any
| means, concur with him upon several of the great
i political questions of the day, (if, indeed, his po-
| htical sentiments have been properly reported,)
| who too did all that they could legitimately do to
! defeat his election to the Presidency, yet who,
I now that he is elected, feel bound, from the
| evidence which has reached them touching his
: character and attributes, so far to confide in him,
1 morally and intellectually, as to be willing to place
i at his disposal all the power and patronage which
| are so liberally provided by the amendment of the
j Senator from Wisconsin to be put in his hands.
| Sir, I did not vote for General Taylor in the'Prea*
] idential election, though I never said that "he
|l was not fit to be nominated." It would require
;j a much wiser man than myself to decide who
:j is exactly Jit to be nominated by a Whig conven-
| tion. No, sir; I did not vote for him, or advocate
; his claims; on the contrary, I zealously opposed
i his pretensions, and advocated the election of
: that woithy and accomplished citizen of the State
! of Michigan, v/ho, I trust, will be shortly in our
j midst, in the enjoyment of perfect health of mind
, and body, and piepared to bear his part as nobly
: as of yore in the proceedings of the Senate. But,4
; sir, though I did not'vote for the Presidentelect;
| though I have reason to believe that his political
opinions and my own are, m some respects, far
fiom harmonizing; though 1 dread the revival of
[ certain dangerousand exploded schemes of ^national
policy during his administration; though I neither
hope for nor desire any special favor of any kind
at the hands of the incoming Administration, yet
I feel bound to admit that the £>;ood sense, the in-
tegrity, and patriotism of General Taylor are so
strongly attested by his own acts, and by the dec-
larations of those who know him best, that I am
more than willing to risk the temporary regulation
of all our Cahfomian and New Mexican concerns
with him and those he may assemble around him
as his cabinet counsellors. And why, I ask again,
is it that Senators on the other side of the Cham-
ber aie less disposed than we are to confide in the
capacity and sound intentions of the President of
their choice-1 The honorable Senator from New
Jersey [Mr. Dayton] has to-day, in our hearing,
rather pompously announced that the man and the
hour have arrived for the settlement of all the grave
questions involved in the establishment of territo-
rial governments in California and New Mexico,
We understand the allusion of the honorable Sen-
