1849.]
APPENDIX,TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
30th Cong 2d Sess.
New Mexico and California—Mr. Walker.
Senate.
and the Senator from Wisconsin can discuss it
when it is reported to the Senate. For myself, I
am prepared to vote upon the proposition submit-
ted by the Senator from New Jersey, and, as the
Senate must be by this? time pretty well exhausted
by its long sitting, i think it would be well to take
the vote to-night, and give the Senator from Wis-
consin an opportunity of being heard to-morrow.
I hope that we shall take the question upon the
proposition.
Mr. WALKER. I hope the Senate will pursue
the course it deems proper, without reference to
any convenience or inconvenience in regard to
myself.
On motion of Mr. FOOTE, the Senate adjourned.
Saturday, February 24, 1849.
The amendments of Mr. Walker and Mr. Day-
ton, being still pending—
Mr.WALKER said: Before offering any obser-
United States. Then, sir, what shall be done? It
must address itself-to every Senator laboringunder
the impression and feelings to which I have alluded,
that this is a momentous and solemn question.
There may be found those who will treat it care-
lessly, and there may be found those who will treat
it in a manner to defeat action on thesubject; keep
it open as a subject of agitation—not only .to agi-
tate this branch of Congress and the other, but to
agitate the millions of our fellow-citizens who are
now directing their eyes to this Capitol, and, as it
were, with imploring looks and words, beseeching
us to act, and to act definitely.
This question, when addressed to the Senate, it
would seem, ought to have brought to their feet
those of old standing in political life; those of dis-
tinguished ability and character; those who have
established a character for greatness; who have
reached that period in life, and that position in the
political affairs of the country, when and where
they can exercise a mighty influence. Sir, there
vationsupon the proposition nowbeforetheSenate, ij is one in this Senate who has been brought to his
I wish to mention that several Senators have been 1
to me this morning, and since the adjournment last i
evening1, insisting that the amendment offered by j
myself should be withdrawn from the civil and >
diplomatic bill. I wish now to say to the Senate !
that I would be gratified if some indications should 1
be given upon that subject. 1 feel entirely willing j
to withdraw the amendment, and would most ;
cheerfully do it by the consent of the Senate, if it
may be suggested in any way, so that I understand
such to be the feeling of the Senate.
Mr. MASON said that if this amendment was
withdrawn by the Senator from Wisconsin, he
should renew it. I
Mr. WALKER. I would not withdraw my 1
amendment entirely, but simply from the civil and ;
diplomatic bill. It is with this view alone that I
would withdraw it. . |
Mr. MASON. 1 do not know how far I have ;
been understood in my reoiark. What I meant :
to say is this: that that amendment cannot be dis- !
posed of but by a vote of the Senate upon it. ;
Mr. WALKER. Mr. President, the Senate j
will appreciate the remark when I say that it is I
with extreme diffidence that I propose to say any- !
thing upon the subject now before the Senate. It J
feet by this solemn question being addressed to the
Senate—one at the sound of whose name my child-
hood's form was disposed to assume a moie erect1
position; and, looking down the path of my own
life, I have seen him m the distance occupying that '
position in the estimation of his countrymen—that j
political position m his counuy to which I never ;
ventured to aspire—and little did I dream of ever !
haying; the honor of sitting in council with him on
the affairs of this nation. But, sir, when he was
brought to his feet, and the Senate, as it were, were
kneeling around him, like children begging a parent
for bread, he almost literally offered us nothing but
a stone. Yes, sir, he to whom we have been dis- ,1
posed to appeal, and clothe with the leadership of |
matters of great magnitude, when he offers his ['
proposition, offers that which may well be denom-
inated nothing. I ailude to that very distinguished i.
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Webster.]
What has that distinguished Senator offered to us? !
How has he answered the momentous question,'j
What shall be done upon this subject? Sir, he
has told us that we should do this:
"That the President of the United States be and heliere- j;
by is authorized to hold possession ot' and occupy the Ter- |
11tones of California and New Mexico, ceded by Mexico to '
v „ . .. the United Slates by the treaty of the 2d o< Februaiy, 1548; ;
appears, sir, to me—and I fear it will so appear to j i and that he be auihouzed, lor that purpose, and in orderjo i ■
many others—like obtruding myself upon the
Senate at this period of -my senatorial career, and Ij
upon a subject where I ought not to feel myself i
justified. I corvfess that I do, to a considerable j
extent, feel embarrassed by this impression. But, i
sir, I have the consolation of knowing that I have i
not heretofore, since 1 moved this amendment, J
made any great noise about it, or obtruded myself I
upon the notice of the Senate to any very consid- j
erable extent; and I cannot charge myself with j
hawng, up to this period,occupied its attention in j
any manner which is not both modest and justifi- j
- able. I have brought a subject of great magnitude, j
in my mind, before the Senate. It is one which j
has for some time, and is now likely to continue, |
to agitate not only this body but the other branch ;
of Congress, as well as the people of the country. '
There Ts one thing, however, that is gratifying: ,
that we have reached a stage in this matter—a
maintain th.'1 authority of the United States and preserve
peace and oider in said Teintories, to employ such parts of
the army and navy ot the United States as he may deem
nece&saiy."
Now, Mr. President, did that distinguished
Senator, or any other Senator upon this floor,
deem it necessary to pass a declaratory act merely
of what the duty of the President is already?
Was there an impression lurking in his breast—
was there an impression abroad in the Senate—
was there a feeling pervading the Congress of the .!
United States, that the President soon to be in-
ducted into power is so far lacking in the knowl- ji
edge of his duty, and the nerve to execute it, as j!
to ncglcct to hold possession of these Territories, j
and to that end to employ such naval and military jj
forces of the country as might be necessary ? Were j:
i there any that dreamed that the incoming Presi- ij
i dent was so ignorant of his duty, or so far lacking i,
in courage to execute it, as to render it necessary j
moment in the proceedings of the Senate of the !i t0 pagg '^jg declaratory act? Sir, it seems to me
United States—when every man who has given us ;> 15elther the Senator, nor other Senators in this
any intimation of his \iews upon this subjcct seems I chamber, entertained any such impression in re-
to feel the importance of doing something, and ; gar(j lately-elected Chief Magistrate of this j.
doing it now, for the settlement of this vexed ques- i j naQon< Still, sir, the words whicti are presented \ \
tion. This must be a matter ot gratification to all. i; t0 us jn writing would seem to imply that such a jj
We hear the Senator from New Jersey, [Mr. Day- fee]jng Was entertained, and such a belief did1'
ton,] we hear the great and distinguished Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Webster.,] we hear
even those who are opposed to the passage of this
amendment as it is offered, say that itis important,
and important now, to do something for the settle-
ment of this matter. There seems to be none here,
sir, to dispute this. Every one seems to be sincere
in expressing this feeling, and in saying that he is
ready upon the proper occasion, and in a proper
way, and by proper means, to consider what we
shall do. And, sir, if sincerity is implied by the
words of gentlemen who have spoken, both pub-
licly and privately, the only questions which now
remain to be answered, are, What shall be done?
how shall it be done? and when shall it be done?
prevail. I know of none who entertain such an .
opinion. _ j
And now, sir, let us look at the remainder of the '
answer of this great statesman to those questions !
which I have propounded: j
Ck Sue. 2. Jirul he it flutter enacted, That until the expiia- ;
tion ot the ae^t session ot Congress, unless Congress shall i
. s-oonei proude for the government of *aid Territories, the ;
: existing laws thereof shall be maintained and obiorvtd; and I
that the ciwl and judicial authomj. heietolure exorcised in i
' said Territones. shall be vested in, and exercised hj, sue j
person or pei -ons as the Pi esident ot the United btates shall
i appoint and direct, to the end that the inhabitants ot said
i Territories inu> be protected in trie lull and lies enjoyment j
j of their libeity, propeity. and religion."
Then, with a proviso against military force:
This, sir I repeat, would now seem to be the state !j « Provided, nevertheless, That martial law than nut bepio-
of mind which is prevailing in the Congress of the |( claimed or declared m said Terutones, oi either ot them,
nor any military court established or instituted, except ordi-
nary courts martial for the trial of peisons belonging to tbe
army and navy of the United States."
Now, Mr. President, when were the laws which
existed at the time of the cession of this territory
abrogated? When'did they cease to exist ? And,
sir, if they have not been abrogated; if they still
exist, and are in force, pray what does this answer
of that statesman-say to us? It says nothing more
nor less than that he would have those laws exe-
cuted by appointees of the,President of the United
States, instead of those officers chosen by the peo-
ple for themselves. This is the answer which is
given to us by him to whom we feel authorized to
look for kindly advice and admonition. Sir, when
I saw him rise, 1 did turn towards him with feelings
of mingled hopeand gratitude; for I thought, when
he took a position upon this important matter—
knowing him as I had a right to know him—I did
expect irom him something, and felt, in anticipa-
tion, gratitude for what was coming, hoping that
he would give as at once that upon which we could
settle down and agree—that which would produce
tranquillity of mind, both here and m those territo-
ries to which wepropose to extend some of our laws.
But, sir, I must repeat, that when it was all read,
1 was disappointed, and could but pronounce in
my mind the word nothing 1" Disappointment,
sir, must seize upon the minds of the country. I
speak in no unkind sense to that Senator.. 1 wish
he were present to hear what I have to say. But
we had a right to expect more at his hands; at all
events, for one, I did expect more. And then,
again, when he turned from us and said that he did
not feel himself authorized to exhort the Senate
upon this or any other subject, it seemed to me that
there was a want of feeling not justifiable in that
great man's breast, and which ought not to have
been manifested here. We all entertain a high
appreciation of him, though we may differ from
him in politics. We all feel that he is one who
has often advised us—often directed the affairs of
state; but we could not but feel disappointed when
he gave such an answer, which, as I said before,
amounted to nothing.
Now, Mr. President, as to the answer which we
should give to this question, my ideas of our duty
are these: that we should do all that has usually
been done in similar cases. It is proper for the
Senate to advert to what is implied in this answer—
" all that has been done in similar cases." Why,
it has been usual, sir, where it has been practicable,
to pass an act establishing a territorial government.
This it would be our duty now to attempt, if it
were not for two insurmountable barriers—the one,
sir, the Jack of time; the other, the agitation which
prevails here and throughout the country upon the
subject of"slavery. Had we time, sir, we might
try a little longer; we might go on and endeavor
to pass some act to organize these territories in the
usual form. But time will not permit it. We have
but one more week of legislative time, and then the
hour for action for this session is closed, and closed
forever; and it will be for us, one week hence, to
give the country the answer, whether anything,
and, if anything, what, has been done upon this
subject.
But, sir, it will be for the Senate to remark, that
heretofore, independent of the mere form of organ-
ization of the territory—that is, giving if its specific
power, and prescribing the manner for the trans-
action of its internal municipal affairs—something
else has been done. And to this point I ask the
attention of the Senate particularly. It is to this
point—leaving out the organization of the terri-
tories in a municipal sense—that this amendment
' proposes to go. Besides the oiganization of the
1 lemtory whenever \hc growing improvement of
the territory has involved the interest of the United
States, those laws which relate to the General
j Government—to the government of the country
i in its relations to the territory—have always been
, extended over it: for instance, the post office laws,
; the laws in relation to the sale of the public lands,
! the revenue laws of the country have been ex-
i tended, and all other laws of a general character
' which were necessary and proper to the enforce-
ment of the rights of the counuy. And 1 contend,
sir, that the Constitution itself requires that domes-
! tic tranquillity should be preserved—that domestic
.insurrection and violence should be suppressed.
;! And if it be not proper to extend our laws for this
