26$r
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 24,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
New Mexico and California—Mr. Walker.
Senate.
alion of the Constitution they have any advantage,
they may possess it. It is a sacred instrument, j
and r am witling to stand by it at any time. If,
any advantage giyen to the South under the j
Constitution,- they are en tilled to it. Let them not
be excluded from-its provisions. If its extension
over new territory gives an advantage to the South,
I am willing to give them the advantage just to
that extent. I may differ with them upon that
question, but we will not quarrel about that here.
I will not leave room or give cause for an array of
one section against another—for crimination and
recrimination; I would say to the South, if the
Constitution of the country gives you any advan-
* tage, it is but justice that you should receive that :
advantage. From me, as'far as I arn concerned, I
you may have it,most ungrudinEly. I am not one ;
to violate a constitution 1 have sworn to support, ;
merely to cripple an institution whigh I condemn.
No; take it. But let the people of that distant
country have the benefit of its protection extended
to them.
Is there anything in this which is criminal—
anything promotive of the interests of slavery ?
But the proposition to withhold the Constitution
from our territories is to violate that instrument.
They are a part of our country. They are our
fellow-citizens, who have gone there from all re-
gions of the United States. Under the-Constitu-
tion of the United States, they are entitled to its
protection if they go there. In reference to the
slave interest, it gives no advantage; but if it were
otherwise, it is a constitution which we are sworn
to support and execute." It is not our fault. But
to withhold the protection of the Constitution from
that country \yould be ingratitude "and injustice. ;
To refuse that it should have its full operation :
would be to violate its provisions, which 1 am un- j
willing to do. I hope 1 am understood. I say :
that 1 should regret, enteitaining the views which j
I do, that it should have any other operation than j
to do general justice; but, even should it be other- j
wise, magnanimity, fidelity to the Constitution, ;
fidelity to the Union, fidelity to the institutions of ;
the land, which it is not in my heart to violate, i
would require that we should honor and observe !
it. I am disposed to do all that the Constitution j
requires, and shall not for- a moment hesitate to 1
inquire whether it will-benefit or.mjure the North
or the South.
I regretted, sir, to hear this objection of the
Senator from New Jersey. I may not have un-
derstood the import of his language. I may not 
have understood what he intended to imply; and
if 1 have misunderstood him, and done him injus-
tice, I shall be ready most humbly to ask his (or- '
giveness. But it seemed to me to be looking at i
the subject in a point of view from whence it ought 1
not to be seen, and one in which it ought not to ;j
be dragged before the Senate. This is a peace-
offering. It is not proposed to organize a govern-
ment where the Wilmot proviso will be either ap-
plicable or inapplicable. That question comes up
when we propose to organize a territorial govern-
ment. This is an intermediate step between an- ;!
archy and territorial government. This is to do
what little we can for that country to protect the
rights of southern men as well as men of the
North; to protect the property of the South as
well as of the North. Sir, I have aiiuded to the
answer we have had to the question before us
from the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Web- ij
8ter.] ' ' ! j
Mr. DAYTON. Would the gentleman say
t!iat the Constitution of the United States can be j
extended by an acfr-of legislation? " !'
Mr. WALKER. My own individual views"
upon that subject I will give; but I have not ex- "
amined the decisions of the Supreme Court of the jj
United States. This I will say: my own opinion :
is, that the Constitution of the United States ex- !
tetids"tliere in all its appropriate provisions. Every
American citizen who goes there, goes with the ;;
protection of the Constitution following and sur-
rounding him. It is by virtue of the constitutional 1
power which belongs lo the United States that the
territoiy was acquired. It was by virtue of the
Constitution that the armies of the Umied States
marched there. It was by the virtue and efficacy of
that Constitution that the soldier fired his gun or <.
wielded his sabre upon that soil, it was by the
vmae and efficacy of the Constitution, sir, that a h
solitary human being was attaphed to the jurisdic-
tion of the United States, or that a foot of land was
attached to our country and dominion. I believe
that as soon as an American citizen goes there, he
gqes with the protection of the Constitution; and
that, so far as his rights of personal liberty, secu-
rity, and property are concerned, he carries with
him all the rights which he would have in any
-other part of our dominion. It goes with him,
propria vigdre, as a personal attache of the Ameri-
can citizen, if I may use the term. It is a shield
to him, and, so far as personal security and per-
sonal liberty are concerned, he is as much under
the protection of the Constitution as if he were in
the capital of the nation. I believe, then, sir, that
the Constitution has been in force there since the
I treaty with Mexico, and that it follows every
! American citizen there, and extends its protection
! to him as far as it can be made applicable to that
' end.
But I am treating the remark of the Senator from
New Jersey as an objection reaching to the end
which he has mentioned. The end was the objec-
tion to this clause of my amendment extending
the Constitution over the territory of California;
the end being that it would give rights to the South
which they would not have otherwise. , Sir, is
there any patriot in this Hall who is ready to re-
turn to the North and say that he "had been willing
to withhold constitutional rights from the South,
or from any one entitled to them? They say they
are entitled to certain rights under the Constitution.
We say they are not. Here is the disputed point.
the civil law. It is something entirely different in
all its aspects. I hope that I am not intruding upon
the time of the Senator from Wisconsin, in saying
that the Constitution cannot, by legislative act, be
extended an inch beyond the territory over which
its inherent power will carry it.
Mr. BERRIEN. With the permission of the
Senator from Wisconsin, I beg leave to make a
single remark. The Constitution, sir, is a com-
pact which, as a compact, does not go beyond the
limits of the States,; but the Constitution contains
certain provisions and certain principles. Now,
does any man doubt that we might, in passing a
law for this territory, take up any one of the pro-
visions of the Constitution and incorporate it in
that law, and that it would then become binding—
not in consequence of its being a compac' but in
consequencc of the exercise of ou  legislative au-
thority in the government of the territory ? or that
we might apply all of its provisions to that terri-
tory? Why, sir, the common law of Great Brit-
ain consists of a series of provisions which the
wisdom of ages and the experience of ages have
established. We may take each one of these prin-
ciples and apply it to the territory, or we may
apply the whole of them en masse. And so of the
provisions of the Constitution. We may take
each one of them separately and apply it to the
territory, or we may apply the principles of the
Constitution en masse to the territory. Then they
| would be in force in the territory, not by virtue of
•' any compact, but in virtue of the legislation of
Congress which has applied them to the territory.
But shall we make this Chamber unnecessarily the 11 Mr. WALKER. That is the view which I
! arena in which Senators shall rush to its decision j: wish to express. Now, sir, to apply it: The Con-
with heat and passion? I pray Senators not to make | stitution requires the President to execute all laws
it such. But suppose the Constitution gives addi-
tional rights to the South: it is their Constitution as
well as ours. It is their Constitution now; it has
been from the foundation of the Government; and'it
will continue to be, unless tliey are excluded from
its benign provisions, as long as the Government
shall exist. Is there one who will object to the
for the suppression of domestic violence, insurrec-
j tion, or foreign invasion. Is it in violation of the
Constitution to extend that provision to California?
i I might go on and enumerate such provisions inter-
| nunably. But when we extend the provisions of
, the Constitution to these territories, we do not
j extend its vigor and its provisions to these locali-
provisions of the Constitution being extended , ties as a whole, as a compact, but as a piece of
there, because peradventure, under its operation, ij legislation on the part of the supreme power of the
Southern men will have some rights carried out 1 — *' * —:-----
which they could not otherwise have had ? This
feeling, sir, I cannot believe to be entertained to
nation. It occurs to me that this is a plain view
I of the matter. If it would suit Senators better to
| go on and enumerate in the amendment every point
It is im-. applicable there, which we propose to extend, be
it so. But it occurs to me there is a more suc-
question cinct method, and this method is adopted in the
whether the Constitution, by its own force, ex- t1 amendment as it stands.
tends to the territory, leaving that out of view, ij I have before remarked, that so far as the pro-
any considerable extent m this country,
possible that it should be so.
Mr. BERRIEN. Apart from the
there can, I suppose, be no doubt that tfie Congress
of the United States, by an act of legislation, may
extend the principles of the Constitution to any
territory for which they have provided*a govern-
tection of life, liberty, personal security, and the
rights of property are concerned, the citizen, as
such, had the shield of the Constitution there al-
ready thrown before hint; and that when he went
ment. Tiiey may provide that the principles of the j there, he went with these rights, and entitled to
laws of Great Britain shall be applied to the new
territory if they choose; and if they possess the
power of making the laws of a foreign country
obligatory, can they not say that the principles of
their own laws shall be extended to the people of
that territory ? I suppose the question is beyond
a doubt.
Mr. WALKER. I was going to remark that,
whether the Constitution propria vigore, extend
there or not, or whether it can be extended over it
or not by legislation, there would be no doubt as
to the extension of the principles of the Constitu-
tion as a legislative act of Congress. There is
nothing in the Constitution which is unconstitu-
tional; and, therefore, it would not be unconstitu-
tional. " And, therefore, to provide that any of its
provisions applicable should be extended, would
not J>e in violation of the Constitution. If, then,
we approve of the provisions of this measure, it is
cleariy constitutional, as far us legislation is con-
cerned.
Air. DAYTON. May I interrupt the Senator
for a moment? I supposed it v/as a clear point
that the Constitution of the United States, being a
contract and agreement between sovereign States,
couid be extended no further than it, by its inhe-
rent power, extended itself. No act of legislation
; this shield of protection. Now, sir, we propose
' to enforce these rights, and protect him in the en-
i joyment of them.
, . Mr. WESTCOTT, (interposing.) Will the
• Senator peimit me here to state, that in the organ-
ization of the territorial governments of Louisiana
and Florida, there are express references to the
Constitution of the United States, and theLegrsla-
, tures of both Territories are expressly prohibited
from passing any acts in violation of it.
I Mr. WALKER. I would add, Mr. President,
: that I would like to see one of our district courts
of the United States, in one of our organized terri-
tories, deciding a question in a manner that would
be a violation of the Constitution of the United
States. And in this point of view, we may come
, to some appreciation of the force of the observa-
tion and idea that is entertained by some, that
the provisions of Che Constitution do not extend
throughout the dominions of the United States pra-
priu vigore. Suppose one of our courts sitting and
deciding a point which would be a violation of the
Constitution. I apprehend that when the Supreme
Court came to take the case in hand, they would
pay some attention to the question whether the
Constitution existed there or not. In regard to
thejudicial decisions which have been made upon
could make thatcompact between sovereign States !' this subject, I.do not claim an intimate acquaint-
reach further than to these States. JNTow, the Sen- i ance.
ator talks about the principles of the Constitution, ij Mr. DAYTON. I have an aversion to inter-
liy, the Constitution, sir, does not consist of < rupting gentlemen; for. judging from my own case,
matters of principle. It is a compact and agree-1 I know how unpleasant it is to others. But will
ment between sovereign States. It is not like the j the Senator allow me to ask a question ? The alle-
prmeiples of the common law, or the principles of ligation is now, that the Constitution covers the
