="7 T
1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
869
30th Cong 2d Sess.
New Mexico and California—Mr. Hale.
Senate.
Territories. If so, you appoint a district judge,
who, under the Constitution, is a judge for life.
Now, when you appoint a judgefortheTerritories,
is he a judge for life or not ?
Mr. WALKER. I never knew before that the
United States judges were appointed for life. I
always thought their tenure of office was during
good behavior. Nor did I ever think before that
the character of the tenure determined the ques-
tion whether a judge was or was not a United States
judge. But if it does, then I will tell the Senator
the judges in some of the Territories were United
States judges—5n Wisconsin, for instance, where
they held during good behavior'—and did not be-
have very well at that. But, at the time of the
interruption, 1 was speaking of the rights of citi-
zens as such, and of the obligation resting upon the
territorial courts to decide upon those rights in
accordance with the Constituuon; and, if the Con-
sittution does not extend to the Territories so as to
impose this obligation, it is only an argument that
it should be so extended. Wherever he goes,
within our dominions, the citizen ought to have ■
some means of enforcing his rights. As to the
objection that the extension of the Constitution
\vill give to the South rights which it would not
otherwise have, I say, give its citizens the same
means of enforcing their rights, whatever they may
be, that you would give to those of the North. If
we cannot put a check upon slavery without doing
violence to the Constitution, I say let it be un-
checked. I will-not so far prostitute my own
sense of duty as to refuse to extend to one ot them,
from the humblest to the greatest, the provisions
of that sacred instrument.
To come, sir, to the question, When shall that
be done which we propose to do; The answer
which has already been given implies that it ought
to be done now. The necessities which pointed
out the extent of what ought to be done, also point
out the time proper for itsxbemg done. These ne-
cessities now exist. They exist m a preeminent
degree. We now have ihe opportunity, if we avail
ourselves of it; and it would seem to be an oppor-
tunity of which everyone should avail himself,
although it may seem that its application to the
civil and diplomatic bill will be incongruous and
improper. Why, sir, there are crises in the his-
tory of all countries, and m the history of every
individual-, when things apparently incongruous,
out of the usual course of procedure, are imperi-
ously demanded; and it seems to me that this is
one of those crises, it occurs to me that, with the
feeling existing here, now is the time when it can
be sealed with safety, as applied to the civil and
diplomatic bill. And i venture to say, that if the
civil and diplomatic bill should be passed with this
amendment, it will produce results devoutly to he
wished for. If it shall quiet the enmities of indi-
viduals, stop the bickerings of sectional zealots,
and give peace, quiet, and protection to our friends
in California, it will be the most popular appro-
priation bill that ever went forth Jrom Congiess
since the foundation of this Government; which-
will be boiled with more joy, which will be more
highly cherished, than any civil and diplomatic
biil upon which any Congress has ever been called
to vote.
Sir, when we come to speak of the necessity tor
calmness and deliberation upon this subject a
calm and manly exercise of our duties—it is really
painful to reflect upon what has so Ion? prevented
it before. As to the question of slavery, sir, into
the merits ot which I do not propose to enter at
all in regard to which I shall hope to heai as little
said as possible—nevertheless, it is permissible to
say that it has pioduced a great agitation here: tor
slavery, and the opposition to it, are creating a
feeling disastrous; a state of things from which our
country can reap nothing but disaster, in my opin-
ion, and the agitation of which must enhance that
disaster, if it does not destroy us. I must say, I
have little fear of this; but ot one tljing I feel cer-
tain, that there is not a southern man who m hio
mind desires the dissolution of the Union, u
may be charged upon him; but I do not believe
theie is one who desires a dissolution, lhere aie
few in our country, 1 believe, who desire it. bu
if there be those who desire it, and who are now
making lesolves, they do not find their home in
that auarter of the Union. There is, it is title,
manifested on the part of the South, a disposition
to declare their determination in certain events.
Be it so. They may intend to carry out their re-
solves in certain events; but I do not apprehend
that a contingency will ever arise to justify it.
They may be serious; but, sir, as i have said upon
one other occasion, I might speak here with pro-
priety; I know there are great names in the South,
and those of mighty influence; they are already
recorded on the pages of our history, and that his-
tory will transmit them, I hope, honorably, to the
" last syllable of recorded time." But, thanks to
virtue, there is not one there, in my opinion, who
has reached that " bad eminence," where he either
feels the disposition, or whence he could exercise
the power, to topple from its foundation this
poblest fabric of a government; and if one ever
should aiise, and there should be nothing left of
the bright temple of our Republic but itsciumbling
arch and broken shaft, the very dust of its stones
would groan from the earth its curse upon him;
and the historian, in recording the name and the
event, would turn pale with shuddering horror at
the effort to register the depravity and folly of the
man, who, because he could not enslave the gov-
ernment of one land,' overthrew and destroyed the
freedom of another, and that other his own!
No, sir; my opinion is that southern men are
men of sense. They know " thrice is he armed
who hath his quariel just." They must feel that
this is not th,e case with them, while theirs is nn
effort to enslave that which is now free; while ours
is but to perpetuate that liberty which already ex-
ists. It seems to me that they cannot brave the
fearful sin. They may'have the courage to brave
■ the cannon's mouth, the sword's point, or the dag-
j ger's gleaming touch; but they cannot bear up
; against the fearful, dreadful curse of the present
age and all posterity to come. I would say tins
in the same sense that I would say they daie not
do that which is dishonorable. Political^ uisnonoi
cannot enter into their transactions. They have
the nobility of soul to act upon the pure prompt-
ings of generous impulses, politically, which prompt
their private actions. An attempt to a dissolution
of the -Union is the destruction of this Govern-
ment. Everything around us would seem to ad-
monish us against dissolution. Cast your eyes
upon those beautiful columns to your right and
left. Their conglomerate niasses beautifully illus-
trate the maxim, "United we stand, divided we
fall." The beautiful frontispieces of those chim-
neys also illustrate the same. In the one is the
little infant.snapping a separate twig; but turn to
the Herculean figure in the other, and see that,
when hound together, his mighty giant efiorts
Cannot destroy them. In union is strength; with-
out union, we shall fall and soon pass away.
When 1 speak in this manner of the South, 1
must confess I am pained when I turn my eyes to
the North, and see the city of Boston—the womb
in which embryo Freedom was conceived, the
craiile ill-which infant Liberty was rocked, the
lap on which boyhood Independence was dandled ,
—now becoming the nurse of that black demon ;
Fanaticism, which would crush to earth her manly i,
protege, and hurl it, scathed and mangled, into the
. abyss of nun. And i am pained to Know that ,
I this is resolved upon—this destruction determined, ;•
under the very eye, and hand, and mighty sound- '
in" voice of the great statesman who sits behind •
ml, [Mr. Webster.] Oh that he, as one of the |,
protectors of his country, would send fortn his
mio-htv influence, to check this impious spirit in ,
the North! I believe, if there is danger of disso- i
lution, it is at the North. _ |
I have said so in the face of my constituents, and
I say so here. The project ofaNorthern Confeder-
acy prevailed to a great extent as far back as lb04.
We ha\e the testimony of the great and venerated, .
but now departed Adams, that they had gone so ,
far as to have selected their military leader. And,
•Sir m 1811, at the time that Clinton anu Madison
we're candidates for the Presidency, I think too ,
, minute histoiy of our country will show that the j
contest was mainly upon the question of a Aorth ;
! ei-n Confederation. Not only had the project gone (
1 so far as to lead to a choice of a military leadei, out ■
! it had gone so far as to convince tne shrewd Aaron .
1 Burr (hat a Northern Confederacy would succeed.
< He commenced the levy of the troops U
thought, to wage war against the Un cd S ates.
He was tried for treason and acquitted. 1 thii.it
the minute history of that affair will convince
Jeast the scrutinizing mind that, being satisfied that
the Northern Confederation would succeed, he de-
termined that he would subvert the Government of
Mexico-, add it to the Southern Confederation, and
make him the great man of the whole. I believe
there is more danger at the North than at the South
of dissolution of fhe Union. I believe there are
men at the North who are in favor of the dissolu-
tion of the Union, and who want to establish a
Northern Confederation. The Hartford Conven-
tion, as the Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Foote]
has said, pointed to that end. I say, then, to pa-
triots of the South, Put this question of slavery out
of the way, and come forward and act with us.
You iove the Constitution. Let us extend it wher-
ever we have dominfon. Let us cease this danger-
ous controversy. Let us do what we can to end it
forever. To the Senators of the North I say, come
forward. I do not believe that one wishing to dis-
solve the Union has ever been honored with a seat
upon this floor. I do not charge any Senator here
with so base, a spirit. But I would warn them
that it has come nearer to our day than some may
imagine. One of the nominees for the Presidency
in the late contest, in 1811 took the side of De Witt
Clinton against James Madison, and upoh the very
question of the Northern Confederation. I say it
is time for us to look abroad. I believe the North
loves the Union; bun I believe there is an insidious
enemy in our midst that is working more danger
than northern Democrats,at least, are prepared for.
It is making of slavery only a pretext to carry out
its old design of dissolution, and that it is becom-
ing a Northern Confederation. I fear it has of Jate
become more powerful, and that it will require more
energy to resist it than,we are exercising.
Mr. President, I may entertain views upon this
subject which may not be appreciated; but I say,
from my very soul, that this amendment I have
ofieied for the best motives; that 1 am actuated by
kindly motives towards all parts of the country.
It occurs to me that it is now the time, and now
the occasion, when the Senate ought to resolve to
face the question as it is. The great Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Webster,] as I before re-
marked, has failed us in this extremity. The
allwise Ruler of the universe, in the ordering of
His providence, sometimes works through humble
agencies. Should it prove my good fortune to be
the humble-instrument in His hands to olfer the
olive-branch of peace—to pour the oil of calmness
upon the waves of conflict and discord—i should
feel it in my soul to pour out vein and heart in
gratitude and thanks to Him for his mediation in
the redemption of our country.
Mr. HALE. 1 desire very briefly, Mr. Presi-
dent, to notice some of the points thrown out by
the Senator from New Jersey, [Mr. Dayton,] the
Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Berriek,] and the
Senator ftom Wisconsin, [Mr. Walker,] in the
colloquial debate which took place between them,
which was drawn out by the remarks made by the
Senator from Wisconsin. And I must ask the
indulgence of the Senate in protesting beforehand
that jf shall have nothing to say about the " Hart-
ford Convention," " ruined arches,'' or " broken
siiafts of the Constitution." [Laughter.] 1 shall
: leave that matter to the examination of those who
regard the subject-matter under consideration as
involving considerations of that character. 1 would
remaik, however, that there have been several
conventions held m Hartford, and I do not know
exactly which of them was most specially referred
1 to. My fuend from Connecticut [Mr. Niles] has-
been connected in some way with a convention
recently held in that city, by which I believe he
has been nominated for the office of Governor of
Connecticut; but it is not probauie that that con-
vention was of a character to cause the country to
be covered with "ruined arches,"broken shafts,"
or " the blood and bones of human beings." out,
sir, I do say, with all seriousness and soberness,
that there is a very serious difficulty to mj- mind
1 lymg at the very threshold of the amendment
1 which the Senator from Wisconsin has proposed.
' I should be very glad to become a convert to his
I opinions, if I could do so conscientiously. I should
i be very glad if 1 could become convened to the^
i doctrines of some party, likely at some period to ^
:i be in the majority in this country; for the party
