APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 24,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
New Mexico and California—Mr. Butler.
Senate.
which I am at present attached, as is well known,
is in an almost hopeless minority, but i cannot
join arty other party, however popular it may be,
until I am converted to its doctrines and a practi-
cal believer in its principles.
This amendment, sir, proposes to extend the
Constitution of the United States over the recentiy-
apquired Territories. I know'the Constitution is
a pretty elastic thing, and may be extended further
than its original frameisever contemplated or sus-
pected. It may be stretched this way and that,
until, as was said by an honorable colleague of
mine in the other House, it becomes tike unto a
gum elastic over-shoe, the toe of which may ex-
tend over the North "Pole ar>d the heel rest upon
some one of the promontories of the Sierra Madre.
Slv, 1 do not believe the Constitution is of such a
character as to allow of its being extended at pres-
ent over these Territories. I can well understand •
how King John could extend the Magna Charta
to the inhabitants of Great Britain, and can well
imagine why the habeas corpus privilege was ex-
tended to the original colonies; but I confess I am
at a loss to see how the Constitution, which is an
agreement by which the people of the United States
pledge themselves to the performance of certain
duties, f^r the mutual attainment of certain great
ends, and-securing grfeat privileges, can, by any
act of legislation, an exercise of npere arbitrary
power, be extended over those who do not volun-
tarily become parties to the compact. You and I
may make a bargain and bind ourselves to carry
out our agreement, but how can we extend its re-
striciions over those who do not agree to its stipu-
lations? We may extend the invitation to the
people of these Territories, under certain restric-
tions, to band themselves together so that they
may become parties to this confederacy; but for
us to extend to them the privileges of an agreement
with the provisions of which they will not concur,
strikes me, with all due respect to the Senators
who advocate the principle, as an absurdity.
"What is this Constitution? if anything, it is
a fundamental law, and if we may extend us pro-
visions by legislative enactment, we may withdraw
them in the same manner. If the Constitution of
the United States, by-an act of the two Houses of
Congress, may be extended to a people who do not
desire to take it, why may we not take it.away from
that people upon the same principle that we have
extended it to them ? Sir, the framers of this Con-
stitution did not so understand it. By the Consti-
tution it was provided, that as soon as nine of the
States had adopted it, it should go into operation,
and be obligatory on them. .Now, if the doctrine
advanced by the Senator from Wisconsin be true,
oil that these nine States had to do in order to have
the whole Confederacy united in support of the
Constitution at that particular time was, to extend j
its provisions over the four remaining States, not- |
withstanding their disapproval of it. Such a con- |
struction of ihe Constitution as this never entered
the heads of its framets, nor did they ever treat it
some light upon this question, and that is, the ij tell us we cannot succeed? When we have tried
declaration that the Constitution was formed "for ; and failed, then it will be time enough for us to go
the United States." And there is great force in the
suggestion thrown out by the Senator from .New
Jersey, [Mr. Dayton,] that he did not understand
the Territories as being subjectio this provision, or j
as bemg subject to the Constitution as an entire
instrument, because the first section of'the third j
article provides, that " the judges, both of the su- '
preme and inferior courts, shall hold their offices j
during good behavior;" and we appoint judges of j
the' inferior courts in the Territories for a limited j
time, thus conceding that the Constitution, as a ;
whole, does not extend over these Territories. Nor j
can it do so: the idea is absurd. This is the mam i
difficulty m the way of the amendment of the Sen- j
ator from Wisconsin, that instead of recognizing j
the Constitution simply as a compact, he regards 1
it as a law* which we may exte.id or not at our J
pleasure, which I think it is not competent for us j
to do. j
Having said this much in regard to the consti- j
tutional view of the question, let me throw out |
another remark with reference to a suggestion i
made by the Senator from Wisconsin. 1 believe |
that the best way to meet a difficulty always is to •
look it in the fcice. A great many are frightened i
at the first appearanee of a difficulty. I remember '
how it was when the Senate discussed the main !
question involved in this bill, in a bill of a similar |
character at the last session: i mean the Oregon i
bill. It seemed then to be conceded, in the outset, '
that-we could not do anything with the slavery
home and tell our constituents we cannot succeed.
When General Scott was ordered" to Mexico, he
was afraid, not of the Mexican?, but of a fire in
the rear. Let me suggest to northern gentlemen
who are afraid to meet this question here, that
when they return home to their constituencies they
will meet with a " fire in the rear" more hot arid
effective than any they have to meet with here, in
boldly coming out and meeting the issue presented,
without wavering or faltering. Sir, i fervently
hope, if the representatives of* northern freemen
assembled in this Capitol cowardly acquiesce in
the arrogant demands of this institution of sla-
very, that they will experience a hotter " fire in
the rear,''and that upon returning home to their
constituencies they will meet with a warmer recep-
tion than they can possibly experience at the
hands of their southern brethren for carrying out
their high and glorious trusts in these Hails. This
is what I earnestly desire. I coincide entirely with
the suggestion made by the Senator from Ohio.
My first demand for these territories is the applica-
tion of the old ordinance of 1787. I wish, sir, the.t
with reference to this matter we may walk in the
old ways of the Republic; that we may walk where
our fathers walked before us; that we may walk
in the established precedents that have been set
us by the old men who have bequeathed the in-
heiitance which we possess as the price of their
liberty and their blood. I can walk safely, sir,
when I walk in the paths that are red with the
question as it respected'Oregon. It was thrown ij blood that has been" shed m the great contest
out here, that the Senate could not do anything m , waged in olden time for liberty; arid I will not
i the matter, and that there must be a special com- i1 forbear my exertions to secure the continuance of
| mittee appointed to decide the issue, composed of that priceless boon until 1 find a lion in the path
I two southerners and two northerners, two Demo- j stronger and more powerful than that which they
crats and two Whigs; in short, that a combination j overcame in the efforts they made to win the in-
of antagonisms must be made m the character of
the committee, in order that the Senate might be
helped out of its dilemma. That committee, sir, sat
early and late; they-examined-, investigated, and at
iast brought forth, as the product of their labors—
for they would not meet the question boldly—the
compromise bill. That bill wcis rejected in the other
House, and then, sir, the issue had to be met, and
a decision made; and we came to a very satisfac-
tory decision. After we had been trying the whole
session to settle the question by getting round it in
some out-of-the-way manner, we at last-had to
come right up and face it, and when we did so, we
found its settlement was very easily effected. And
so we could do now, sir, if gentlemen would not
give up the struggle before they aie beaten; if they
n would not tdkc u for granted, before trying, thai
!| they can no nothing, the question could be settled
: as easily as it was atthe Just session, i say it with
f all respect to the Senator from Wisconsin; but 1
! ask him how he dares to say that we cannot ex-
| pect to do anything with this question of slavery r ,
1 If we sit stiii and say so, then we shall realize the
fact; but not until then. He informs us, also, that
asanyihing but what U purports to be—a compact, j: the great difficulty in the way is the subject of sla-
very. Sir, if slavery is stronger than the Oonstitu-
j tion, let us find it out; let us settle the fact; let us
[ meet the issue fairly, and let the banner of victoiy
| float over that party to which victory belongs, i
| know that slavery has planted itseif on the confines
| ofyoumewTermories. I knowthatitsfandsthere,
J like the angel with the flaming sword at the gate
, of paradise—from which blessed Region our hrsi
' paients were expelled and forbidden to reenter—bid-
j ding defiance to your Constitution and Legislation,
j and telling you that the enlightened principles of
• civil liberty, of humanity, and of Christianity shall
! hot enter there, unless you guaranty and concede
! that those territories shall be occupied in common,
and slavery occupy and control in their en tire extent.
, Sir, if this be the fact—if it is to come to that—if
j slavery is to rule us,and we of the iNorth aie to
yield, i am willing to submit with the best grace I
But the Senator from Georgia endeavors to meet
this difficulty by saying, that we may extend one
or more of the provisions of the Constitution by
legislative enactment, so that the people of the Ter-
ritories may be goserned by these provisions of
the Constitution. And so we may extend any of
the provisions of the Constitution, one by one,
and make them the law of that country. But this
is a different thing from extending the Constitution
itself. Theie is exactly the same objection m my
mind to this amendment that there was to the
amendment pioposed to the famous compromise
bill reported at the lust session. It proposed not
to make any enactment which you daied not make
at that time. As \\g did not dare to make the
enactment, we attempted to get around it by trans-
ferring to the Judiciaiy the peifoimance of the duty
which we ought to have executed ourselves. This
amendineni, it it does anything at a , auopts the !• can; but, so help me God, J will not submit°u,,til 1
ve.y nrinnp,es of the compromise bill: it provides ; have made the last effort that 1 conscientious
that the Constitution, whatever may be us pro- can make to defend the hallowed inteiests of the
visions on the subject of slavery, shall be extended
over these territories, and then leaves the interpre-
tation and execution of these provisions to the de-
cision of the Supreme Court, exactly m the same
manner as the compromise bill did.
There is another article in the preamble to the
Constitution, as originally formed, which throws
people of those territories, arid to carry out the
; opinions of my constituency at home as well as
■ my convictions here. Cannot do anything, sir!
! Why, have not the Legislatures of every fiee
! State in the Union spoken out and told us what
j we ought to do > and are we to despise their in-
I structions, and pass them by, because gentlemen Sn" Am I^h"« Zl?
i heritance they have handed down to us, and which
,j we with cowardly hagds are about to sui render,
because we are not the worthy sons of those who
!; bequeathed it to us. This in the position in which
! 1 stand, speaking for myself. 1 want no propo-
;j sition, no amendment, no experiment of any sort
j; carried out,-until I have tried the plain, simple,
11 and old-fashioned principle upon which the insti-
j tutions of the country were founded, and under
ij whose fostering care and protection they have
;i grown up and flourished until the present moment.
( Sir, I do not want to depart from these old ways,
■j to follow in the track of any of these flickering,
!j newborn lights which have at last beamed upon
! us. Let them be the offspring of whatever spirit
; they may, come from whatever source they may,
jj my course is taken. For one, I stand upon the
ji foundation stones of the Constitution, and I will
'I stand there until I find the position is untenable,
; and cannot be maintained; but never shall 1 come
' to that conclusion until i have tried the last, the
! final resource, and failed.
Mr. BUTLJ2R. I do not know that there would
be an essential difference between the operation of
the amendment offered by the Senator fiom Aevv
Jersey and that offered by the Senator from Wis-
■ consin, except so far as regards limitation. The
1 amendment offered by the Senator from A'ew Oer-
; sey proposes to have effect only until the next ses-
sion of Congress; whereas the amendment offered
, by the Senator fiom Wisconsin has, I believe, no
such limitation. 1 should have voted very readily
for the amendment of the Senator from A'ew Jer-
sey, or at least 1 might have voted for it with some
modification leaving out the limitation; but I am
constrained now to say that I could not vote for it
on any terms, and that because reasons have been
assigned for it winch 1 think demonstrate its pur-
pose to be such as i cannot approve. I shall con-
line my remarks chietly to the arguments made
use ot by the Senator from New Jersey; and I de-
sire that Senator's attention, in order tnat m refer-
ring to the obseivdiions he made yesterday m ref-
erence to his amendment, he may correct them if
1 do not state them truly. He first contends, as 1
understand, that none ot ihe provisions of the Con-
stitution, proprio vigore, can be extended to any
territory ol Ihe United Slates. Am 1 right in that?
The second proposition is, that it is nut competent
lor Congress to extend the provisions of the Con-
stitution to the Teiritones by any act of legisla-
