1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
30th Cong 2d Sess.
273
New Mexico and Culifornia—Mr. Webster.
New Semes No„ 18.
power in such a manner as that. The Constitu-
tion—what is it? We extend the bonstitution of
the United States bylaw to territory! What is
the Constitution of the United States? Is not its
very first principle tfiat all within its influence and
comprehension shall be represented in the Legis-
lature which it establishes, with not only a right
of debate and a right to vote in both Houses of
Congress, but a right to partake in the choice of
the President and Vice President? And can we
by law extend these rights, or any of them, to a
Territory of the United States? Everybody will
see that it is altogether impracticable. Well, sir,
the amendment goes on, and says that the revenue
laws shall, so far as they are suitable, be applied
in the Territories. Now, with respect to that
qualification, made by the honorable member from
Wisconsin, I shall like to know if he understands
it as I suppose he does. Does theexpression "as
far as suitable" apply to the Constitution or the
revenue laws, or both?
Mr. WALKER. It was not the proposition to
- extend the Constitution beyond the limits to which
it was applicable.
Mr. WEBSTER. It comes to this, then, that
the Constitution is to be extended as far as practi-
cable; but how far that is, is to be decided by the
President of the United States, and therefore he is
to have absolute and despotic power. He is the
judge of what is suitable and what is unsuitable,
and what he thinks is suitable is suitable, and
what he thinks unsuitable is unsuitable. He is
"omnis in hoc;" and what is this but to say, in
general terms, that the President of the United
Stales shall govern this territory as he sees fit till
Congress makes further provision? Now, if the
gentleman will be kind enough to tell me what
principle of the Constitution he supposes suitable,
what discrimination he can diaw between suitable
and unsuitable, which he proposes to follow, I
shall be instructed. Let rne'say that in this gen-
eral sense there is no such thing as extending the |
Constitution. The Constitution is extended over
Mr. CALHOUN. I rise, not to detain the Sen-
ate to any considerable extent, but to make a few
remarks upon the proposition first advanced by
the Senator from New Jersey, fully endorsed by
the Senator from New Hampshire, and partly
endorsed by the Senator from Massachusetts, that
the Constitution of the United States does not
extend to the territories. That is the point. I am
very happy, sir, to hear this proposition thus as-
serted, for it will have the effect of narrowing very
greatly the controversy between the North and the
South, as it regards the slavery questiorf in con-
nection with the territories. It is an implied admis-
sion on the part of tljose gentlemen that, if the.
Constitution does extend to the territories, the
South will be protected in the enjoyment of its
property—that it will be under the shield of the
Constitution. You can put no other.interpretation j
upon the proposition which the gentlemen have*'
made, that the Constitution does not extend to the
territories.
Then the simple question is, does the Constitu-
tion extend to the territories, or does it not extend
to them ? Why, the Constitution interprets itgelf.
It pronounces itself to be the supreme law of the
land.
Mr. WEBSTER. What land?
Mr. CALHOUN". The land; the Territories of
the United States are a part of the land. It is the
supreme law, not within the limits of the States of
this t^nion merely, but wherever our flag "waves—
wherever our authority goes, the Constitution in
part goes, not all its provisions certainly, but all its j
i suitable provisions. Why, can we have any au-
thority beyond the Constitution? I put the ques-
tion solemnly to gentlemen: if the Constitution
I does not go there, how are we to have any author-
| ity or jurisdiction whatever? Is not Congress the
| creature of the Constitution? does it not hold its
existence upon the tenure of the continuance of the
j Constitution? and would it not be annihilated upon
' the destruction of that instrument, and the conse-
quent dissolution of this Confederacy? And shall
the United States and over nothing else, and can jj we, the creature of the Constitution, pretend that
extend over nothing else, it cannot be extended |j we have any authority beyond the reach of the
over anything except over the old Spates and the i; Constitution ? Sir, we were told a few days since
new States that shall come in hereafter, when they j *'•• * *' " •> TT '■ 1 " 1 1 1
do come in. There is awant of accuracy of ideas i
in this respect that is quite remarkable among
eminent gentlemen, and especially professional arid
judicial gentlemen. ;It seems to be taken for
granted that the right of trial by jury, the habeas
corpus, and every principle designed to protect per-
sonal liberty, is extended by force of the Constitu
tion itself over every new Territory. That propo
that the courts of the United States had made a
decision that the Constitution did not extend to the
territories without an act of Congress. 1 confess
that I was incredulous, and I am still incredulous
that any tribunal, pretending to have a knowledge
of our system of government, as the courts of the
United States ought to have, could have pro-
, nounced such a monstrous judgment. I am in-
clined to think that it is an error which has been
sition cannot be maintained at all. How do you jj unjustly attributed to them; but if they have mad<
arrive at it by any reasoning or deduction? It can |! such a decision as that, I for one say, that it ought
be only arrived at by the loosest of all possible j; not and never can be respected. The territories
constructions. It is said this must be so, else the n belong to us; they are ours; that is to say, they
right of the habeas corpus would be lost. Undoubt- || are the property of the thirty States of the Union:
edly these rights must be conferred by law before
„they can be enjoyed in a Territory.
Sir, if the hopes of some gentlemen were realized,
and Cuba were to become a possession of the
United States by cession, does anybody suppose
that the habeas corpus and the trial by jury would
be established in it by the mere act of cession?
|and we, as the representatives of those thirty
; States, have the right to exercise all that authority
j and jurisdiction which ownership carries with it.
| Sir, there are some questions that do not admit
! of lengthened discussion. This is one of them,
j The mere statement is sufficient to carry convic- j
i tion with it. And 1 am rejoiced to hear gentlemen ,
Why more than election laws and the political ii acknowledge that, if the Constitution is there, we
franchises, or popular franchises ? Sir, the whole
authority of Congress on this subject is embiaced
in that very short provision that Congress shall
have power to make all needful rules and regula-
tions respecting; the territories of the United States.
The word is Territories; for it is quite evident that
the compromises of the Constitution looked to no
new acquisitions to form new Territories. But as
they have been acquired from time to time, new
Territories have been regarded as comingunderthat
general provision for making rules for Territories.
We have never had a Territory governed as the
United States are governed. The Legislature and
the Judiciary of Territories have always been es-
tablished by a law of Congress. I do not say that
while we sit here to make laws for these Territories,
we are not bound by every one of those great prin-
ciples which are intended as general securities for
public liberty. But they do not exist in Territo-
ries till introduced by the authority of Congress.
These principles do not, proprio vlgore, apply to
any one of the" Territories of the United States,
because that Territory, while a Territory, does not
become a part, and is no part of the United States.
18
are under its shield. The South wants no higher ;
giound to stand upon. The gentlemen have put us j
upon high ground by the admission that their only
means of putting their claims above ours is, to deny •
the existence of the Constitution in California and
New Mexico. The Senator from Massachusetts,
I say, in pait, endorsed the proposition. lie qual-
ified it, however, by saying that all the funda-
mental principles of that instrument must be re-
garded as having application to the Territories.
Now, is there a moie fundamental principle than
that the States of which this Federal Union is com-
posed, have a community of interest in all that be-
longs to the Union in its federative character? And
that the territory of the United States belongs to
the Union in that capacity is declared by the Con-
stitution, and that there shall be, in all respects,
perfect equality among all the members of the Con-
federacy. There is 110 principle more distinctly
set forth than that there shall be no discrimination
in favor of one section over another, and that the
Constitution shall have no half-wayoperation in re-
gard to one portion of the Union, while it shall have
full force and effect in regard to another portion.
I will not dwell upon this. I will only listen, if
gentlemen choose to go on, in order to discover by
what ingenuity they can make out their case. It.
is a mere assumption to say that the Constitution
does not extend to the-territories. Let the gentle-
men prove their assumption. I hold the course
of the whole of this debate to be triumphant to us.
We are placed upon higher ground; we have a
narrower question to defend; and it will be under-
stood by the community that we are nonsuited
only by a denial of the existence of the Constitu-
tion in the territories.
Mr. WEBSTER. The honorable Senator from
South Carolina alludes to some decision of the
United States courts as affirming that the Consti-
tution of the United States does not extend to the
Territories, and he says that with regard to 
Mr. CALHOUN. I hope the gentleman will
state my position exactly right. I said I was told
a few days since that they had so decided, but that
I was incredulous of the fact.
Mr, WEBSTER. I can removethegentleman's
incredulity very easily, for I can assure him that
the same thing has been decided by the United
States courts over and over again for the-last thirty
years.
Mr. CALHOUN. I would be glad to hear the
gentleman mention a case in which such a decision
was given.
Mr. WEBSTER. Upon a few moments1 con-
sideration I could mention a number of cases. The
Constitution, as the gentleman contends, extends
over the Territories. How does it get there? I
am surprised to hear a gentleman so distinguished
as a strict constructionist affirming that the Consti-
tution of the United States extends to the Territories
without showing us any clause in the Constitution
in any way leading to that result; and to hear the
gentleman maintaining that position without show-
ing us any way in which such a result could be
inferred, increases jny surprise.
.One idea further upon this branch of the subject.
The Constitution of the United States extending
over the Territories and no other law existing there!
Why, I beg to know how any Government could
.proceed, without anyotherauthority existing there
than such as is created by the Constitution of the
United States? Does the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States settle titles to land ? Does it regulate the
rights of property? Does it fix the relations of
parent and child, guardian and ward ? The Con-
stitution of the United States establishes what the
gentleman calls a confederation for certain great
purposes, leaving all the great mass of laws which
js to govern society to derive their existence from
State enactments. That is the just view of the
state ofthings under theConstitution. Anda State
or a Territory that has no law but such as it de-
rives from theConstitution of the United States
must be entnely without any State or Territorial
Government. The honorable Senator from South
Carolina, conversant with the subject as he must
be, fr.om his long experience in dine ret) t branches
of the Government, must know that the Congress
of the United States have established principles in
regard to the Territories that are utterly repugnant
to the Constitution. The Constitution of the Uni-
ted States has provided for them an independent
judiciary; for the judge of every court of the United
States holds his office upon the tenure of good be-
havior. Will the gentleman say that in any court
established in the Territories the judge holds his
office in that way? He holds it for a term of years,
and is removable at executive discretion. How did
we govern Louisiana before it was a State? Did
the writ of habeas corpus exist in Louisiana during
! its Territorial existence? Or the right to trial by
i jury? Who ever heard of trial by jury there be-
j fore the law creating the Territorial Government
gave the right to trial by jury? No one. And I
do not believe that there is any new light now to
be thrown upon the history of the proceedings of
this Government m relation to that matter. When
new territory has been acquired it has always been
subject to the laws of Congress, to such law as
Congress thought proper to pass for its immediate
government, for its government during its Territo-
rial existence, during the preparatory state in which
it was to' remain until it was ready to come into
the Union as one of the family of States.
The honorable Senator from South Carolina
argues that the Constitution declares itself to be
