274
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
30th Cong.....2d Sess.
New Meodco and California—Mr. Calhoun.
[Feb. 24,
Ho. of Reps.
the law of the land, and that therefore it must ex-
tend over the Territories. " The land," I take it,
means the land over which the Constitution is
established, or, in other words, it means the States
united under the Constitution. But does not the
gentleman see at once that that argument would
prove a great deal too much? The Constitution
no more says that the Constitution itself shall be
the supreme law of the land, than it says that the
laws of Congress shall be the supreme law of the
land'. It declares that the Constitution and the
la4rs of Congress passed under it shall be the su-
preme law of the land.
Mr. CALHOUN. The laws of Congress made
iji pursuance of its provisions,
Mr, WEBSTER., Well, I suppose the revenue
laws are made in pursuance of its provisions; but,
according to the gentleman's reasoning, the Con-
stitution extends over the Territoriesas the supreme
law, and no legislation on the subject is necessary.
This would be tantamount to saying that the mo-
ment territory is attached to the United States, all
ihe laws of the United States, as well as the Con-
stitution of the United States, beco'me the govern-
ing will of men's conduct,,and of the rights of
property, because they are declared to be the law
of the land—the laws of Congress being the supreme
law as well as the Constitution of the United States.
Sir, this is a course of reasoning that cannot be
maintained. The Crown of England often makes
conquests of territory. Who ever heard it con-
tended ^that the constitution of England, or the
supreme power of Parliament, because it is the
law of the land, extended over the territory thus
acquired, until made to do so by a special act of
Parliament? The whole history of colonial con-
quest shows entirely the reverse. Until provision
is made by act of Parliament for a civii govern-
ment, the territory is held as a military acquisition.
It is subject to the control of Parliament, and Par-
liament may make all laws that they deem proper
and necessary to be made for its government; but
until snch provision is made, the territory is not
under the dominion of English law. And it is
exactly upon the same principle that territories
coming to belong to the United States by acquisi-
tion or by session, as we have no jus colonic, re--
main to be made subject to the operation of our
supreme law by an enactment of Congress.
Mr. CALHOUN. I shall be extremely brief in
noticing the arguments of the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts, and I trust decisive. His
first objection is, as I understand it, that 1 show no
authority by which the Constitution of the United
States is extended to the Territories. How does
Congress get any p'ower over the Territories?
Mr. WEBSTER. It is granted in the Consti-
tution in so many words: the power to make laws
for the government of the Territories.
Mr. CALHOUN. Well, then, the proposition
that the Constitution does not extend to the Ter-
ritories is f^Ise to that extent. How else does
Congress obtain the legislative power over the
Territories? And yet the honorable Senator says
I assign no reason for it. I assigned the strongest
-reason. If the Constitution does not extend there,
you have no right to legislate or to do any act in
reference to the Territories. j
Well, as to the next point. The honorable ;
Senator states that he was surprised to hear from '
a strict constructionist the proposition that the i
Constitution extends itself to the Territories. I
certainly never contended that the Constitution
was of itself sufficient for the government of Ter-
ritories without the intervention of legislative enact-
ments. It requires human agency everywhere; it
cannot extend itself within the limits of any State,
in the sense in which the gentleman speaks of it.
It is, nevertheless, the supreme law, in obedience
to which, and in conformity with which, all legis-
lative enactments must be made. And the propo-
sition that the Constitution of the United States
extends to the Territories so far as it is applicable
to them, is so clear a proposition that even the :
Senator from Massachusetts, with his profound j
talent, cannot disprove it. I will put the case of i
some of the negative provisions of the Constitution, i
Congress shall make no law concerning religion, !
nor create titles of nobility. Can you establish
titles of nobility m California? If not, if all the !
negative provisions extend to the Territories, why I
not the positive? I do not think it necessary to
dwell any longer upon this point.
Mr. WEBSTER. The precise question is,
whether a Territory, while it remains in a territo-
rial state, is a part of the United States ?" I main-
tain it is not. And there is-no'stronger proof of
what has been the idea of the Government in this
respect than that to which I have alluded, and
which has drawn the honorable member's atten-
tion. Now, let us see how it stands. The judicial
power of the United States is declared by the Con-
stitution to be " vested in one Supreme Court and
in such inferior courts as Congress shall from
time to time ordain and establish." The whole
judicial power, therefore, Of the United States is
in these courts. And the Constitution declares
that " all the judges of these courts shall hold their
offices during good behavior. Then the gentleman
•must admit that the legislation of Congress here-
tofore has not been altogether in error; that these
territorial courts do not constitute a part of the
judicial power of the'United States, because the
whole judicial power of the United States is to be
vested in one Supreme Court, and in such inferior
courts as Congress shall establish, and the judges
of all these courts are to have a life tenure under
the law, and we do not give such tenure, nor never
did, to the judges of these territorial courts. That
has gone on the presumption and true idea, I sup-
pose, that the territories are not even part of the
United States, but are subject to their legislation.
Well, where do they get this power of legislation ?
Why, I have already stated that the Constitution
says " the Congress shall have power to dispose
of, and make all needful rules and regulations re-
specting, the territory or other property belonging
to the United States;" and it is under that clause,
and that clause only, that the legislation of Con-
gress in respect to the Territories has been con-
ducted. And it is apparent from our history that
no other provision was intended for territorial gov-
ernment, inasmuch as it is highly probable, I think
certain, that no acquisition of foreign territory was
ever contemplated.
And again: there is another remarkable instance.
The honorable gentleman, and his friends who act
with h n on these subjects, hold that the power of
internal improvement within the United States does
not belong to Congress. They,deny that we can
pass any law for internal improvements within any
State of this Union, while they all admit that the
moment we get out of the States into a Territory
we can make just as much improvement as we
choose. There is not an honorable gentleman on
that side of the Chamber who has not, time and
again, voted money out of the public treasury for
internal improvements out of the Union, in Territo-
ries, under the conception that, under that provis-
ion of the Constitution to which'I have referred,
they do not constitute any portion of the Union—
that they are not parts of the Union.
Sir, there is no end to illustrations that might be
brought upon this subject; our history is full of
them. Our history is uniform in its course. It
began with the acquisition of Louisiana. It went
on after Florida became a part of the Union. In j
all cases, under all circumstances, by every pro-
ceeding of Congress on the subject, and by all
judicature on the subject, it has been held that
Territories belonging to the United States were |
to be governed by a Constitution of their own, j
framed bj a convention, and in approving that
Constitution the legislation of Congress was' not
necessarily confined to those principles that bifid
it when it is exercised in passing laws for the
United States itself. But, sir, I take leave of the
subject.
Mr. CALHOUN. Mr. President, a few words, i
First, as to the judiciary. IfCongiess has decided i
the judiciary of the Territories to be part of the ;
judiciary under the United States, Congress has i
decided wrong. It may be that it is a part of the
judiciary of the United States, though I do not .
think so. j
Mr. WEBSTER, (in his seat.) Nor I. j
Mr. CALHOUN. Again: the honorable gen- 1
tieman from Massachusetts says that the Ternto- !
ries are not a part of the United States—are not of '
the United .States. I had supposed that all the ;
Territories were a part of the United States. They !
are called so. ]
Mr. WEBSTER, (in his seat.) Never, i
Mr. CALHOUN. At all events, they belong to
the United States.
Mr. WEBSTER, (still in his seat.) That is
another thing. The colonies of England belong
to England, but they are not a part of England.
Mr. CALHOUN. Whatever belongs to the
United States, they have authority over, and Eng-
land has authority over whatever belongs to her.
We can have no authority over anything that does
not belong to the United States, I care not in what
light it may be placed.
But, sir,.as to the other point raised by the Sen-
ator—internal improvements. The Senator says
there is not a member on this side of the Chamber
but what has voted to appropriate money out of
the public treasury for internal improvements in
the Territories. I know that a very large portion
of the gentlemen on this side have voted to appro-
priate money otitof thepublic treasury forimprove-
ments in Territories, upon the principle of owner-
ship; that the land in the Territories in which
improvements are made has an increased value
in proportion to'the sums appropriated, and the
appropriations have in every case been given in
alternate sections. But many gentlemen here have
even utterly denied our right to make them under
that form. But that question comes under another
category altogether. It comes under the category
whether we have a right to appropriate funds out
of the common treasury at all for internal improve-
ments.
Sir, I repeat it, that the proposition that the Con-
stitution of the United Statesextends to the Terri-
i tories is so plain a one, and its opposite—I say it
| with all respect—is so absurd a one, that the strong-
est intellect cannot maintain it. And I repeat, that
i the .gentlemen acknowledge, by implication, if not
j more than that, that the extension of the Coristitu-
i lion of the United States to the Territories would
be a shield to the South upon the question in con-
troversy" between us and them. I hold it to be a
most important concession. It narrows the ground
of controversy between us. We then cannot be
deprived of our equal participation in those Terri-
tories without being deprived of the advantages and
rights which the Constitution gives ns.
. Mr. DAYTON. Mr. President, I desire to make
a single remark in answer to an observation of the
honorable Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Cal-
houn,] so often repeated, to wit: That this oppo-
sition to the extension of. the Constitution to the
Territories of California and New Mexico is an
implied admission of the right of the South to carry
slavery there, provided the Constitution gets there.
Now, sir, a matter is admitted by implication only
when it is not expressly denied. When I first
assumed this position, I assumed it with the ex-
! press allegation that, with the Constitution or
without the Constitution there, the laws of Cali-
I forma stand, and, as they do stand, Hio notbelievte
that any one has a right-to carry slavery there;
; but as the southern view of this question differed
: from mine, and inasmuch as mysole purpose in
1 bringing forward-this amendment was to afford
' present protection to the inhabitants of California
i against disorder and anarchy, I was unwilling to do
I anything which, in the view of any section of this
Confederacy, could alter existing rights upon the
' subject of slavery. An'd now I have been taken
! to task by my friend from South Carolina—for I
1 take pleasure in calling him snch—for the assertion
| of a principle like this: "That I fear to extend the
j Constitution to' the Territories; that I dislike to
j give to the South the benefits of the Constitution."
! I would give to the South every benefit to which
' the Constitution itself entitles them, but when they
ask me to extend that Constitution to a region of
i country where I believe it does not belong, and
when they tell me in the same breath that it will
give to them rights that they do not conceive that
they now have, then I beg to stop; I beg to say I
will go no further. I am disposed to give law to
California, but I am not disposed to alter the con-
dition of parties upon the slave question in that
country, at this period; and, entertaining that opin-
ion, I am bold enough to express it; and, feeble
as I am, 1 think able to maintain its propriety.
Now, sir, I have, in reference to thi3 matter,
taken no ground which has not been fully and am-
ply sustained by the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Webster.] The Senator from South Caro-
lina [Mr. Calhoun] says that I have been endorsed
