1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE!
30th Cong 2d Sess.
§77
New Mexico mid California—Mr. Bell.
Ho. of Reps.
not intend to take up the time of the Senate in
discussing it. Although the majority of the com-
mittee went upon the point that it was not compe-
tent for Congress to admit a State until she had
formed a constitution and State government, yet
from the resolution which was the result of their
investigations,. it appears that they came to the
same conclusion that I did—namely, that it was a
question of expediency. Incompetency is left out
of the question. For at the close of their report,
they offer the following resolution:
"Resolve#, That jt is inexpedient, to pass the bill entitled
<Abtll for the admission of California into the Union as a
Stale.'"
So the committee seems to have come back to
the question of expediency. 1 think, then, it is
clear that it is competent for Congress to admit a
State under such circumstances. The expediency
of this act is another question.
There are some other of the remarks of the gen-
tleman upon this branch of the subject which re-
quire notice. He says:
"Asain: why should we overstep that system of legisla-
tion which we have acted upon heretofore on all and every
occasion? Fitvl, a temporary government; then the lowest
grade of territorial government; then the second in degree;
then admitting the Terutory into the Union as a State."
Mr. President, although this general statement
may be correct in many cases, it is not correct in
detail. There has been no uniform practice which
lias been adopted in every case. The Senator
says, 4< First; in every case, a temporary govern-
ment." This is a mistake; there was no tempo-
rary government, in the sense the Senator under-
stands it—that is, authorized by Congress—m *
Vermont, and in some other cases. And it is not j
a fact that in any case a territorial government was ;
established and the State admitted after she had j
formed a constitution. In the act authorizing Lou- j
isiana to form a constitution, it was provided that !
she should submit her constitution to Congress, i
and if it was not disapproved during the next ses-
sion of Congress, she should be a State in the s
Union. Congress did approve of it; but if this had i
not been done, Louisiana would have been in the
Union under the previous act.
Mr. DAYTON, (interposing.) The Iionorable
gentleman will please recollect that I applied that
remark altogether to the States acquired from for-
eign governments, and not to States constructed
from our original territory, or from parts of other
States.
Mr. DOWNS. Perhaps the gentleman did con-
fine his remarks to thatclassof cases; but, for my
part, I cannot see the least difference between the
two. I consider that when any territory is ac-
quired from a foreign country it becomes a part of
the United States. We have the same control over :
it as we have over territory transferred by a State. ;{
The question of power is the same in both cases. ;
The question of expediency may be very different. '
It may not be expedient to bring a new people into ;
the Union at once, whereas it may be^expedient to
five the people of a State formed from some other <
tate instant admission into the Union. In the j
case of a foreign country, you must obtain the ;
consent of the foreign government, and in the case :
of a State we must obtain the consent of the State
government. And wheneverthat consent is gamed, ,
all difference as to power ceases to exist. In the
case of Kentucky, we could not act until we ob-
tained the consent of Virginia; and in the case of,
Louisiana, we could not act until we obtained the ;
consentof the foreign powerto which she belonged; ,
but the moment that consent was obtained, all dif- '
ference as to the power of Congress to admit those [
Territories into the Union as States ceased. But
it is not a fact that the course laid down by the
Senator from New Jersey has been followed in ,
every instanceof the acquisition of foreign country.
It was not adopted in the case of Texas. Texas
had no preliminary government of that kind. She ;
had a government of her own. j
Now, Mr. President, the gentleman has admitted i
at last that Kentucky is an exception. That is a
question that was much mooted at the time this
question was first brought before the Senate. The
gentleman now admits that Kentucky was brought
into the Union before she had formed a State con-
stitution. The facts are so clear that it cannot be
doubted. But the gentleman says that the case of
Kentucky is no rule on this subject, because it has
not been followed ia other cases; that it is no pre- •
cedent. And he says, in direct and strong lan-
guage, that "it is one which the conduct of the
government for fifty years has repudiated. It
stands alone."
Mr. President, however high the authority of
the gentleman on this subject may be, and how-
ever disposed he may be to repudiate the precedent
of Kentucky, I now present to the Senate an au-
thority which I think the Senator from New Jer-
sey will not repudiate when he shall come to
reflect upon it. It is not an idea of my own, it is
the authority of the Father of his Country. The
very opinion which has been advanced upon this
subject by the minority of the committee, has been
sanctioned by the very highestauthority, by Wash-
ington himself, in a case very similar to "this. In
1790, when this question was opening in Ken-
tucky, when Virginia had given her consent that
Kentucky should form a separate State, but when
there was no State government there, no organiza-
tion of any kind, except the convention which
assembled to decide whether they-would agree to
accept the terms of Virginia or not—that conven-
tion did assemble merely for the purpose of ex-
pressing the opinion of the people of that district
that, they would become a State—when, having
obtained the consent of Virginia, they sent a me-
morial to Congress and to the President? of the
United States, (Washington,) requesting that this
proceeding might be sanctioned, and that they
might be permitted to come into the Union as a
State. On that occasion, and under these circum-
stances, Washington, in his annual address to
Congress, used the following language:
"Since your last session 1 have received communications
by which it appears that the district of Kentucky, at present
a part of Virginia, has concurred in certain piopositions
contained m a Jaw of that State, in consequence of which
the district is to become a distinct member of the Union, in
case the requisite sanction of Congress bo added. For this
sanction application is now made. I s hall can^e the papers*
m tin* very important transaction to he bid before yon.
The liberality and haimony with which it has been con-
ducted will be found to do great honor to both the parties;
and the sentiments of warm attachment to the Union and its
present government expressed by our fellow-citizens of Ken-
tucky, cannot fail to add an affectionate conccrn for their
particular welfare to the great national impressions under
which you will decide on the ease submitted to you "
This is the authority of one whose opinions are
not often doubted, and whose authority is seldom
questioned, that, in a case not stronger than the
one now before us, it is not only competent for
Congress to admit a State into the Union, but he
recommended it on high national considerations,
as well as peculiar considerations applicable to that
country. This case is analogous, in many respects,
to that of Kentucky. The settlement of Kentucky
at that time was the first step the United States
were making west of the Allegany mountains.
The great national considerations then connected
with it were very similar to those now applicable
to California—the great emigration to that coun-
try, the settlement of that mighty region. I shall
not dwell on this point; but, if it were necessary
to go through all the cases of the admission of
States into the Union, Senators would find that
there has been no uniformity upon the subject.
Perhaps there have been rqore cases where Terri- i
tories have been first organized as Territories and
then admitted into the Union, than any other, but I
there has been no rule upon the subject whatever, i
consent to the formation of a constitution ami
State government, and that, when they had formed
their constitution and government, they should be
admitted. It provided nothing but what was usual
in such cases.
Mr. President, before leaving this subject, E
would state that, notwithstanding the doubts which
gentlemen have; notwithstanding the aversion they
may have to giving the people of California a gov-
ernment at the present session, I think that that
people will form a constitution and present it here;
that it will become proper for Congress to act upon
it, and I think they will act upon it. I will not
enter further into the question of expediency.
I believe that the ground taken by Senators,
concerning the character and number of the popu-
lation of California, is altogether wrong. 1 believe
that the population of that country in a year hence,
will astonish the Senator from New-Jersey him-
self. I believe it will turn out that his calculations
have been the furthest from correctness of any
calculations he ever made. There is already a
large population in that country. The number ia
rapidly increasing, and the desire to go there is
increasing every day. I have seen no calculation
.that I think comes up to the number that will pour
into that country during the next year; and whether
we give them a government or not, I believe they
will form their own laws and constitution. Per-
haps they have done so already. I believe they
will send their.Senators and Representatives here,
and they will demand to be admitted notwithstand-
ing the difficulties of Senators.
Mr. President, I have done all that I have <je-
sired. I have said all that 1 have wished to say
upon this subject on this occasion. I think I have
shown that the position assumed by myself, name-
ly, that it is competent for Congress to admit Cali-
formawto this Union as a State, is correct. As
in all other cases, the question of expediency is for
Congress to decide. And I wish it to be distinctly
and clearly known everywhere, that those who
object to this amendment do so on the ground that
it throws the broad shield of the Constitution over
the rights of the southern section of this Con-
federacy in those Territories.
I do not wish the honorable Senator from New j
Jersey, or anybody, to suppose that by the admis- ' j
sion of a State I understand the creation of a State.
Mr. BELL said: This I deem a proper time to call
the attention of the Senate to some of the statements
made in a reported speech delivered a few days
since by the honorable Senator from Georgia, [Mr.
Berrien.] I think it due to my own self-respect,
j as well as to the position in which I stand in rela-
i tion to an important question, that I should take
some notice of the misrepresentations in the reply
of the Senator from Georgia to the argument sub-
mitted by me on the amendment I thought proper
to propose to the one now under consideration.
There are several misstatements of my argument
contained in the printed speech of the Senator from
Georgia which I propose to notice, not m their
natural order, but as they are printed. The hon-
orable Senator, after some preliminary remarks,
not necessary to be read, proceeds as follows:
"They (meaning the Committee ori the Judiciary, whose
report I had been combating) hive examined the question,
first with reference to the Conciliation, and secondly to the
interpretation which has been given to its provisions in the
u^age of the Government. The proposition of the Senator
from Tennessee is, on the other hand, that CongrebS alone,
f and no other power.,has authority to create a Slate.
Mr. Bell, (in ins seat.) Of this Union.
'Mr. Berrien. That is a limitation of the proposition,
it &o. Certainly nobody but Cong)ess can admit a State
into this Union; and so far the K)U> power to create a State
I have taken no such ground. It is only necessary |j may be said to belong to Congress."
that Congress should give their consent, and that
they can do before the constitution is formed as
well as after it. But the Senator seems to think
that there will be great difficulty in admitting a
State at once. It was not the idea or intention of
those who advanced the opinion that a State could
be admitted, that she could be brought into the
Union by Congress and put into full operation at'!
once. On the contrary, they expressly disclaimed ,:
all such idea and intention. She cannot be brought j
in at once. She must have a State organization j
before she can elect her Senators and Representa-1
fives, and until they ar.e elected she cannot be j
practically in the Union. The position I assumed |
was, that the consent of Congress might be given j
before her constitution and Siate government were
formed; and m the very bill which the minority of j
the committee reported, provision was made that!
Congress should, in the first instance, give their
Now, I deny that I ever advanced any such ar-
gument as that Congress alone can create a State,
except with a qualification, which was not stated
by the Senator. I contended that Congress alone
can create a State of the Union, and that that is
the only description of States known to the Con-
stitution.
I might have said, in arguendo, after having laid
down my proposition, that Congress alone call
create a State; but I submit to the honorable Sen-
ator whether it was fair to take my remarks dis-
jointedly, and assume the argument which he has
ascribeu to me?
Mr. BERRIEN, (in his seat.) Will the Sen-
ator please read the concluding sentence?
Mr. BELL. The Senator asks me to read the
succeeding sentence. I will do so;
" But the argument of the honorable Senator for t1 v
power of Congress went further, and applied to tin; col
