'  278
"appendix to the congressional globe.
[Feb. 26,
30th Cong....2d Sess.
New Mexico and California—Mr, Bell.
Senate.
| a State constitution, the territorial government and
i Jaws existed in full vigor until the State constitution,
I as thus formed, had life and energy breathed into
them by the act of Congress admitting the people
who formed them into the Union as States.
Again: the Senator asks, in another part of his
speech, " If Congress possessed the power of
' creating a State, why do they depute the power
' to another, and not exercise it themselves? Could
< they exercise it ? Could they form a constitution
' for the new State, and compel the people of the
' Territory to accept it, and become a State?"
Here we again find the honorable Senator found-
ing his argument upon the assumption that I had
asserted for Congress the power to create a State,
l| other than a State of the Union—to form a State
Jj constitution—to create a State government for the
i people of a Territory first; and then, by admitting
■ it into the Union, create a State of the Union.
! My argument was, that thero can be no State in
, any of the Territories, except it be made so by
'1 admission into the Union. *
In another paragraph of the printed speech of
the .honorable Senator I find the position contained
in the following sentence imputed to me: "The
Senator still insists tiiat a State cannot have exist-
ence until her delegates are received in Congress."
Sir, I distinctly,contended for the reverse of the
proposition. I assumed the position that a State
of this Union might exist without any represent-
ation in Congress. I think I repeated the same
idea over and over again, in the illustrations I gave
of the proposition. I said that a State, when ad-
mitted into the Union, was only felt in the national
legislation when her Senators and Representatives
presented their credentials, and showed that they
pfe?
dition of a people who,' before their admission into the
Union, claimed to constitute a State. Now, there are two
propositions of the Senator which X wish to consider.
nobody bui Congress caii create a State." t
-1 do not deny that my argument was addressed j
to that point, but itwas'not in connection with the '
question of the power of Congress to do anything
&se than to create a State of the Union. What I
complain of is, that the honorable Senator chose
to'consider the correction I made of his original
statement as a limitation of my original proposi-
tion; and after receiving the correction, and admit-
ting the soundness of the proposition as then stated
by me, persisting in an argument extending over
more than two-thirds of a column in a newspaper,
founded mainly upon the assumption that my
proposition had been such as he first stated it to
he* I deny that I ever entertained or uttered such
a proposition.
The next passage to which I will call the atten-
tion of the Senate reads thus:
"The proposition U, that nobody hut Congress can create
a Sfato. Now, sir, in considering tins, look first to the Con-
stirution. I presume that I misunderstood the honorable i
Senator, or that it was a mere Iccpsus when lie said j
thai Congress could uo anything not prohibited by the Con- j
stituiion.
« Mr. Bell, (in his seat.) It was not so.
"Mr. Berrien. Very well. Then I understand the prop-
osition to be that Congress may do whatever is not prohibited
by the Constitution. I thought at the moment that it was a
misapprehension of terms, but the Senator acquiesces in my
understanding of it."
Here, sir, we find a reassertion of the same prop-
osition. I repeat, sir—and I think every Senator
■who did me the courtesy to listen to my remarks
must have so understood me—that no other power
but Congress can create a State out of any of the
Territories belonging to the Union. I had no ref- ,, h d been e)ected Qr chosen ; (he
erence in my argument to any of the original Sates ,, scribed b th Constltution of the United g^.
of the Union, they being parties to the federal j took ^ yiew of the uon in ans#er t0 the
compact.
I am also represented in the passage just read as
having replied to his remark, suggesting a lapsus
lingua, when, as he understood me, I had asserted
the proposition that Congress could do anything
not prohibited by the Constitution. " It was not
so." Now, sir, I made no such remark. What
I did.say was, "go on." And then the Senator,
after assuming that I had acquiesced in his under-
standing of my proposition, proceeded to demon-
strate that the Government of the United States
■was one of limited powers—a proposition which
needed no argument to Support it.
I have to remark that I did not correct the Sen-
ator upon this point when he misstated my propo-
sition, because he had, in his preceding remarks,
misrepresented my statement as to the character of
.the inhabitants of California; and perceiving thathe
was misrepresenting my views upon other points,
I thought proper to permit him to proceed, intend-
ing to answer him when he closed his remarks.
I did not do so, however, as the hour was late, and
the Senate manifested a disposition to take the
"vote upon my amendment before it adjourned, not
doubting that an occasion would soon be presented
when I could reply under more favorable circum-
stances.
I call the attention of the Senate to another pas-
sage in the Senator's speech, reading as follows:
- " But there is another proposition of the Senator which
may lequire a moment's examination. It is, that Congress
has a controlling power over the people of til*1 Territones;
that thfey cannot form a constitution without the coribent of
Congress, unless it be in the exercise of what the Senator
denominates the right of revolution."
Sir, I laid down no such proposition as that the ;
people of a Territory cannot form a State constitu- 1
argument which I supposed would be urged against
the proposition to admit these Territories as a State
of the Union before a regular State constitution
should be adopted by the inhabitants, and when
neither Senators nor Representatives could be ap-
pointed or elected in conformity with the provis-
ions of the Constitution of the United States., I
said, be it so. It could not detract much from the
weight of the public councils, nor be any great
detriment to the public interest, if they should not
send their Representatives here for forty years to
come; and though they should not do so, they
would still be a State of this Union. It has so
happened before now that a State has failed to be
fully represented in the Senate during an entire
Congress, and yet no one supposed that a State so
in default was not a State of the Union. That is
a matter of choice to them. They could send their
Representatives here whenever they think proper.
My argument was, that the necessity of adopting
a State constitution before Senators and Represent-
atives could be chosen would act as a sort of lever
to prize the citizens of these new Territories into
active exertion upon this point. And if human
nalure'in that region is the same as here and else-
where, the desire to be represented in Congress
would soon provide a State constitution in regular
form.
I now desire the attention of the Senate to an-
other passage in the speech of the honorable Sen-
ator:
should rrgret to believe that the people of the several
States of tins Union ronl<1 he led to suppose that such power
as is cJaimed^or Congress on this occasion does in fact be-
long to them, or that we are disposed to depart from the
uniform understanding of our predecessors, in the interpre-
tation of the power which the Senator deMre* us to exer-
cise; that it to be enlarged into a constructive power
age of
extent
. ... - Jt, that
Congress would assume (he power winch it is proposed now
to cxercise."
tion except in the exercise of the right of revolution. (     
There was nothing in my argument inconsistent '! U)create ll,e State* of tins Union, and that in this age
Willi the perfect right of the people of anv of the I i ^°,er8s' vvh1n Ll P1rhRPs impo^ibie to umn the ext.
Tr-rrifnrip* Avon ika ♦ cr> 1 territory which may be acquired by this Government, tl
j. cn itones, even without the assent of Con^ress^ ■ 'innorcea wmriH  _■>..
to peaceably assemble m convention and form a
State constitution. My argument did not touch H Who, sir, has claimed such a power? Who has
that point What I stated was, that a constitution ]; maintained the argument that Congress has arfeht
flamed by the inhabitants of aTerntory, assembled to prescribe—to form'a State constitution for the
ini convention with the consent of Congress, did ! people of these or of any other Territories of the
not constitute the Territory a State. It would be j Union? Not I, sir; my argument, I repeat, went
w™// n on.PaPer,°,r Parchment, and jj upon the ground that we have the power to admit 1
mnatft vitality; it would not be a living !. these Territories into the Union before they have '
as a State Tn I'l'ih^ adl?"Ued 1Iit0 ,the Um.on j: any regularly organized State government. I have
of the OoVjL" P,ractIce I "ever as?umed that. Congress, or any otherauthor- !
ot the (jovernment, and in which the inhabitants
living under a territorial government had been au-
thorized by Congress to hold a convention and form
any other
ity can dictate the particular form of their State
government, provided it be republican.
1 will now notice another misrepresentation of 1
my argument, found near the close of the printed
speech before me:
"The Senator maintains another proposition, or rather
he illustrates his principle hy an argument of this sort: that
a State is not a State until it is admitted into thi* Union.
" Mr. Bell, (in his seat, in a low tone of voice.) I said
that no State can exist in any Territory ot this Union, unh^s
it he created by Congress, until it is admitted into 'the
Union.
"Mr. Berrien. I will state the proposition in the Sena-
tor'sown words: No Slate can exist in any Territory ot this
Union, unless it be created by Oongre&s, until it is admitted into
the Union.
" Mr. Bell, (in his seat.) Unless we relinquish our sov-
ereignty over it.
" Mr. Berrien. With this limitation, I think the argu-
ment of the honorable Senator is yielded."
Here, sir, I may remark, I have a further evi-
dence of the honorable Senator's perseverance in
misstating my views. I could not at any time have
said, either in a low or loud voice, u that no State
can exist in any Territory unless it be created by
Congress, until it is admitted into the Union."
The words, " unless it be created^ by Congress,'7
are an interpolation. I maintained that no State
could exist in any of the Territories, no matter by
whom attempted or formed, while they continue
to he a part of the Territorial possessions of the
UnitedJStates. I am aware that this interpolation
was necessary to-sustain the position on which the
argument of the honorable Senator himself was
founded. He contends that when the inhabitants
| of a Territory form, a State constitution, with the
{ assent of Congress, they become a State from that
j time forward—though not a State of the Union;
; that it was so intended by the framers of the Fed-
i era! Constitution; but when he finds in the Con-
; stitution no recognition of the idea of such a State
as he maintains actually exists in a territory in the
period intermediate between the forming of a. State
constitution and the subsequent admission of it
into the Union by Congress, he takes shelter under
a casus omissus. I denied the proposition that thero
could be any such State; that, in fact, there was
no description of State knov/n or recognized by our
system as part of it, except it becomes one by ,
being admitted into the Union.
The whole of the Senator's argument is founded
upon a misrepresentation of the entire drift and
tenor of my remarks, in affirming that I asserted
the proposition "that Congress alone can create a
State,1' without the qualification necessary to give
any sense or consistency to my argument; that is,
a State of the Union.
When in the course of my argument I stated
that Congress could do anything not prohibited
by the Constitution, the proposition was stated in
reference to the power given to Congress to admit
new States into the Union. My argument was,
that the clause of the Constitution giving Congress
the power to admit new States contained no such
condition as that there should be a preexisting
State constitution, either in form or in actual oper-
; ation.
11 My argument went to show that a people living
i' under any form of civi] organization whatever,
!! might be admitted into the Union as a State; and
|j that there was no prohibition in the Constitution
i! to prevent it. I remember that, to illustrate my
; position, I put the supposed case of the conquest
j of a neighboring kingdom, if any such there should
11 be on our borders. In such an event, I contended
I . that when the monarchy was overthrown, and the
;; country should become a part of our possessions,
| Congress might, if in session, to instantes admit
ii it into the Union as a State; and when thus ad-
j mitted, the guarantee of a republican form of gov-
| ernment, provided in the Constitution for the States
j of the Union, would insure the formation of a
j republican constitution by the inhabitants of the
{ new State. These were the positions I assumed,
and I still adhere to them.
Before closing my remarks, I desire to call the
attention of the Senator from NeW" Jersey [Mr.
Dayton] to the assumption made in his speech
founded on the same proposition assumed as mine,
so much harped upon by the Senator from Geor-
; gia. That Senator in his speech remarks:
j "flow can you make California a Stale government? Can
' Congress create a State? Cnngret* create a State! Sir, I
never thought, until I h<*ard it here a day or two since from
: the Senator from Tennessee, {Mr. Bbli.,J that *nch a prop-
osition could have entered the mind of any human being."
j That would be a wonderful conception, indeed,
! for the Senator from Tennessee to bring forth.
