1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
279
30th Cong 2d Sess.
New Mexico and California—Mr. Berrien.
Senate.
Create a State! Congress to create a Stat£—and I
yet that State not a State of the Union! Who, sir,
1 repeat, has ever advanced such a proposition ?
I have felt, sir, that these misrepresentations of
my course of argument demanded a public eorrec1
tion at my hands. Both of the honorable gentlemen
who have thus misstated my argument upon a
question of great importance, are members of the
Judiciary Committee. The opinions of the Senator
from Georgia, especially, are much deferred to upon
all legal and constitutional questions in this body,
and in the country. Ttie Senator from New Jersey
has a like deference paid to liife opinions—though,
perhaps, not to so great an extent at present as he
may expect at some future time. I do not desire
to do any discredit to the legal and constitutional
learning of the Senator from New Jersey. He is the
junior of the distinguished Senator from Georgia,
(some remark by the Senator from Georgia.) Not
so much his junior, either. There is no great dis-
parity between them. [Laughter.]
The Senator from New Jersey, in another part
of his speech, thus takes off my assumed argu-
ment:
'• If we had this power to create, all we would have to
do would be to a law and resolve that California was a
State, and it would become one. A schoolboy may cut a
man out of a bit of paper, and say it is a man; but is it a
man? Has it the blood, bone, and sinews of a man?5'
Now, sir, [ congratulate the honorable Senator
upon the self-complacency which he must have
felt when he hit upon this notable illustration. It
is felicitous and beautiful in the extreme. He pre-
sents it to show the absurdity of an argument
which he himself puts into my mouth. There is
another passage in the Senator's speech in which
of which they are the exclusive possessors, under
any form of society or of civil government or regu-
lation they may thint proper to adopt or acquiesce
in—that a State, in this sense, requires no distinct
organization by the adoption of a written constitu-
tion. It may exist as a separate society or State
under customary or unwritten laws. The execu-
tive and legislative powers may be assigned by
common consent to the senior members of the
society, or to the elders generally, or to the judicial
functionaries. That it is not essential to this idea
of a State that its political organization shall be
either wise, energetic, or effective for all the pur-
poses of good government. It may be very defect-
ive, very feeble; but if it is sufficient to maintain a
separate existence independent of foreign control
over its affairs, foreign or domestic, it is a State—
a commonwealth.
I maintained that if the present inhabitants of
California, with their present laws and imperfect
civil organization, were the undisputed possessors
of that Territory, holding exclusive control and
dominion over it, they would be a State or nation,
sovereign, free, and independent—entitled to be
regarded one of the community of nations, and
as such subject to the law of nations.
! " I further maintained that a State of this Union
i wag altogether different; that for its definition we
must look to the Constitution; that Congress alone
can create a State in the sense in which that term
is employed in' the Constitution; and that Con-
gress always creates a State in this sense when
one is admitted into the Union.
I further-maintained that the inhabitants of Cali-
fornia, while the United States asserted its sover-
eignty over that Territory, neither with their pres-
my argument is attempted to be refuted, which I ent imperfect form of civil society, nor in the most
cannot now put my eye on. It is in relation to the i perfect form which they can devise, can become a
guarantee of the Constitution of a republican form i State until they are admitted into the Union as
of government to each of the States of the Union. j; such.
I do not know precisely how the gentleman con- ;, j maintained that there is nothing in that clause
He is quite sure that I had no intention to misrep-
resent his arguments. My remarks were made
immediately after the Senator sat down, in the
presence of the Senateandofthe honorable Senator.
If he had thought that there was any misapprehen-
sion of his views, it was proper that he should have
corrected that misapprehension at the moment. I
have listened attentively this morning to the observ-
ations of the honorable Senator, and find myself,
still unable to discover wherein I have misappre-
hended, and therefore misrepresented him. Sir,
having made this disclaimer of all intention to mi; -
represent the honorable Senator, I cannot consent
to occupy any portion of^the little remnant of time
which is left to us in explaining to the Senate the
meaning of the remarks which I made the other day.
The honorable Senator explained his views at con-
siderable length, and they were published in the
reports which were made of our debates, as well
as the remarks which were made by myself, and
I am entirely willing to leave it to the Senate and
the community, upon an examination of those re-
ports and of the'Senator's explanations, to say
whether I have misconstrued his argument. The
judgment of the public will be with him if such
! misconception has taken place.
1 Mr. BELL, I could infer that myself.
| Mr. BERRIEN. In regard to the answer given
j by the Senator to my inquiry as to the power of
I Congress to do what the Constitution does not in-
| hibit, I will say, first, that I am not responsible for
the statement of the reporter; and then, in simple
sincerity, declare that,according to my understand-
ing of it at the time it was given, the Senator did
answer as the reporter had stated. So believing,
1 made the commentary which I did make. If that
answer was not given by the Senator, then, to that
extent, 1 have misconceived him. I replied under -
the impression which the answer of the Senator
made upon my ear. But I think it would be un-
just to the Senate to occupy any further lime in
I 1 T - - _ ^   I . _ n t T U ft /I
ceived my argument on this point. ^My argument j', don gW^C^the power of j ^^Ptsr^ntio^^r^^l1^;
wc«, that the guarantee in the Constitution could
only apply to States already in the Union; and
hence that there was no obligation even implied
in the power which gave Congress the authority
to admit a State into the Union to require, asa
condition precedent, that there should be a State
constitution previously formed and in operation.
Mr. President, I have now done with the com-
ments I intended to make upon the speech of the
honorable Senator from Georgia. I have felt it to
be a duty which I owed to myself, and to the po-
sition 1 occupied in relation to a most important
public question, to vindicate it against the misrep-
resentations I have pointed out: But, sir, I cannot
close my remarks without asking the indulgence ot
the Senate while I state, in a more distinct form,
some of the more material of the propositions I
attempted to enforce m the remarks 1 had the
honor to submit to the Senate the other day, on the j
proposition to admit the Territories of New Mexi- t
co and California into the Union as a State, or as |
States, taken from original notes. I still adhere i
to the opinion that by no other measure can we so |
effectually heal the existing dissensions, and others |
more serious which may grow out of the present
condition of the country in relation to these lem-
and I doubt whether, in the opinion of any Senator,
admitting new States, prescribing as a condition
that any particular form, or any form whatever, _ .
of civil or political organization, shall oxist in the i; such misconception and consequent misiepiesenta-
Te'rritory admitted as a new State of the Union h tion occurred. _ tr, (i,B flnor T
prior to Its admission; and consequently that there ,| But, sir, having been thus called to the: floor I
is no impediment in the Constitution to the ad mis- !j avail myself of the occasion 0
sion of the inhabitants and Territories of Califor- j I
' ' question brought to
, nia and New Mexico forthwith into the Union as a
■ State, if we think it expedient in the present exi-
| gency to do so; or, if it is thought more advisable
! to pass an act for the admission of these Territories
at some future day—allowing time to the inhabit-
ants to settle upon the form of a State government
in the mean time, to take effect on the day provided
for their admission into the Union—the Constitu-
tion does not prohibit such a course.
I further maintained that no State can exist m I
any of'the Territories over which the United States I
continue to assert their sovereignty and jurisdic-
tion, except by the assent of Congress, declared ]
by an act admitting such Territory into the Union j
as a State. That the consent of Congress given j
to the inhabitants of a Territory to hold aconven- |
tion and to form a State constitution, does not'l
thereby authorize the carrying such form of gov-
ernment into effect, and that any constitution so
!'l formed and agreed'upon exists only in form and
The Committee on the Judiciary, in their report ij upon paper, until Congress gives it vitality by ad- j
on the bill of the Senator from Illinois, proposing s mining such Territory into the Union as a State, ;
to admit the Territories of New Mexico and Call- , by an act either precedent or subsequent. ;
cround'that tt%mt°o%aSSed%oSrwhaaftrCons.T- ij wMcTgTranuet a repufcan form of i
=^Ph-C0"SKSS W d°~that *10 ? .
C'i"renewed the proposition of the Senator from j 0f t[le Federal Government can only be excicisod
Illinois by way of amendment to the civil and ,, over States akeady in the Union, there being n |
diplomatic bill, as I was warranted by usage m ;i State, known to the Constitution, but oneal.ea y .
doin"- in cases of emergency and great public mi- ; admitted into the Union.
In the course of my argument I stated and at-
tempted to sustain the following propositions, in
opposition to the report of the Committee on the
Judiciary:
That a State, in common acceptance, was one
thin"-, am} a State of the Union quite another tlung.
I defined a State, in common acceptance, and as
defined by writers upon the law of nations, to be
any number, great or small, of men of fiee cond
tion, who lived together as one community for their
mutual protection and convenience, m a territory
disposed to see this agitating ^
] a termination, my first impression was that I would
' be enabled to sustain that amendment with certain
modifications, which I proposed to that Senator.
I suggested to him the propriety of extending the
time"of the operation of the provision, so as to
relieve us from the necessity of a certain recur-
rence to these same agita.ting questions at the next
session of Congress, m which he acquiesced. But
I proposed to the Senator another modification,
which it was not his pleasure to adopt, and which
it is not in iny power to offer to the Senate now,
because w'e have attained the last stage to which
we can proceed by way of amendment. That re-
fusal makes it impossible for me to sustain the
Senator's amendment. My objection to it, with-
out the modification which I proposed, is that, in
my judgment, it makes us assume the exercise of
a power beyond the Constitution of the United
States, or neglect an obligation which the Consti-
tution imposes. If it be said that our legislation,
in regard to Florida and Louisiana, has gone to
the whole extent which the amendment of the
Senator fiom New Jersey proposes, I answer that
the action of Congress in those cases was, in my
opinion, not well considered; that it was, in my
judgment, a species of legislation which is more
honored in the breach than in the observance. A
statement of the modification which I suggested
to the Senator from New Jersey will explain my
view of this matter. He proposes to adopt the
laws of the Mexican Republic as they existed in
the Territories of New Mexico and California an-
terior to the cession of those Territories to us. _ I
suggested to h'im this modification, to insert the
words "so far as the same are consistent with the
Constitution of the United States." The Senator
refuses to accept this modification, and therefore I
Mr. BERRIEN. I am sorry that the ^debate ,
which occurred the other day between the benator
from Tennessee and myself has rested so unpleas-
antly on his miud as to render it necessary for him
to recall it to the recollection of the Senate to-day.
*Note.—Mr. Bell desnes to ?ay, that Hpon
fK™ i! "decline to support his amendment.
tice in suppo'i... that tie had treated his (Mr. B.'s) argu- , Thig) siri leads to a very brief consideration of
merit unfairly; and, although Ins (Mr. B.'s) remarks upon ^ question which was discussed here the other
the speech of the Senator were perfectly respecttui, yet iw j n Question is, whether the Constitution
regrets having been under misapprehension. - li y* l
