28Q
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 26,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
New Mexico'and California—Mr. Berrien.
Senate.
operates witjiin theTerritories of theUnited States,
ani if it does, then in what manner? Does it 80
operate^by its own force, or by the legislation of
Congress? When the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts (who I believe is called to other
duties to-day) suggested to us the propriety of
having an accurate apprehension of the terms of a
. proposition, I presumed, from the brief observa-
tions which I had submitted upon the subject, that
I was probably included in the remark. I accept
the admonition, sir. It is certainly important to
have a clear conception of the terms in which a
proposition is stated. But there is another admo-
nition which is equally important. It is, that we
should not only have a clear conception of the
terms in which a proposition is expressed, but that
we should also make some reasonable estimate of
the value of the proposition itself. The naked ques-
tion which Was discussed the other day, whether
the Constitution operates within the Territory of
the United States of itself, or by and through the
legislation of Congress, is itself, in my judgment,
comparatively valueless in thisvdiscussion. !f 1
were not averse to employ the language of para-
dox, I would say that those who occupy the op-
posite sides of this proposition are both right and
both wrong—that the Constitution does and does
not extend to the Territories. It is certainly true,
as was said by the Senator from Massachusetts,
that it does not operate in the Territories proprio
vigore, as a whole, in its totality. Whether you
adopt one mode of considering this instrument or
another, whether you describe it as a compact be-
tween confederated States or as an act of the peo-
ple of the States .of this Union, by which they
ordained and established a government, still it is
evident, that as a totality it cannot operate by its
own force in the Territories of the United States.
The great object of the Constitution was the form-
ation of a system of government; and so far as its
provisions relate to that object, they do not extend
to the Territories of the United States. That ob-
ject we seek to accomplish, when, under the au-
thority of the Constitution, we are about to organ-
ize a government for these Territories.
But it was not the sole object of the Constitution
to ordain and establish a government for the thir-
teen States, by whose delegates the Constitution
was formed. It was also intended to establish cer-
tain great principles by which that government
was to be regulated. It contained, moreover, and
especially in the amendment^, certain principles
ot public libarty, certain safeguards of individual
right, which are capable of being extended to the
Territories of the United States. When, therefore,
it is said that the Constitution does not so extend,
the answer is, Yes, that is true; as a whole, it does
not operate there: and when, on the other hand, it
is said that the Constitution does extend to the
Territories, the answer is, Yes, that also is true;
there are portions of it which do and must of
necessity operate in the Territories of the United
States. By what authority are we about to organ-
ize a government over those Territories ? We are
told that it is under the provision of the Constitu-
tion which gives us power to make needful rules
and regulations for the government of the territory
or other property of the United States. Now, I
doubt, sir, whether that is the true source of our
authority. I think it too limited! I think the
object of these rules and regulations is clearly in-
dicated by the expressions " to dispose of" and
make rules respecting " the territory or other prop-
erty of the United States." TheTerritories are
therein obviously considered as property, and not
as the habitations of freemen, whose municipal
regulations are to be prescribed by Congress or
adopted by themselves. But I do find a power
derived from the Constitution to organize a gov-
ernment for the Territories, which, though not
expressed, is still as distinct as though it was given
in terms. Since, by the Constitution, we have
power to do that, which must or may result in the
acquisition of territory, we must also have power
to do whatever is required to be done for the gov-
ernment of such territory. I hold that the power
is given to Congress as clearly as though it were
expressed in language. Then, sir, whether it
results froni the clause which has been referred to,
or whether it is deduced as an incident from the
war or treaty-making power, it is still a power
derived from the Constitution, and is to be exer- i
cised in conformity to it. Whether you trace it |
to one or the other of these sources, when you are j
legislating for the establishment of a government >
ig a Territory of the United States, do you not,
bring the Constitution of theUnited States tooper- j
ate within that Territory ? Is not the mere act of;
establishing a government, the sole authority to do |
which you derive from the Constitution of the Uni-'
ted States, the evidence of the fact that the Con-
stitution quoad hoc does extend to that Territory?
What other powers have you than those which
you derive from the Constitution?
But, sir, the concession which has been made,:
upon this point goes further. It is said by the
Senator from Massachusetts that, although the
Constitution does not operate as a whole in the '
Territories—does not operate at all lathe Terri- j
tories—yet it operates upon us, and .that we are j
bound to regulate ourselves by the principles of1
the Constitution in organizing a government for j
the Territories. The honorable Senator will not i
and does not say, that while legislating for the
Territories, we are not bound by every one of the
great principles of public liberty which were incor-
porated in the Constitution. Then, sir, to what
does this argument amount ? Of what importance
is the question whether the Constitution operates
in the Territories "by its own intrinsic force or by
an act of legislation which our constitutional duty
makes it obligatory upon us to perform? I have,
I confess, sir, been somewhat surprised in the
course of this discussion. It began with the dec-
laration, which has been reiterated in its progress,
that it had been solemnly and repeatedly decided
by the Supreme Court of the sUnited States that
S the Constitution did not extend to the Territories.
' Mr. President, I am willing to admit that some of
' the decisions of that tribunal may have escaped
my recollection; but I can hardly persuade myself
that a series of decisions, which it" is repeatedly
asserted have been made at various times for the
last thirty y^ars, on a question so important, could
! have been entirely forgotten. In answer to the
| assertion that there have been such decisions, I
! therefore only say, non mi recordo. I know the
j case to which Senators have referred, that of an
| American Insurance Company against Canter; "but
it is very certain that that case decides no such
proposition, The Constitution of the United States
was referred to in that case for the purpose of
showing that admiralty jurisdiction was vested in
the court? of the United States, and the argument
was, that jurisdiction could not be exercised by the
local judiciary of the Territory. Now, sir^ this
decision only proves that it was competent for the
local judicial authorities to hold jurisdiction of a
case in admiralty. Arguendo, it was said that, un-
der one or the other of these sources of authority
to which I have before referred, Congress has a
right to establish a government. The court did
not decide to which it should be referred. That
question was left open. But, having decided the
right of Congress to establish a territorial govern-
ment in Florida, the court proceeded further to
declare that the same authority had the right to
fvest the jurisdiction of such a case in the tribunals
which might be constituted by the territorial legis- I
lature so created. They have decided nothing, j
therefore, in regard to the question whether the I
Constitution operates in the Territories, and, ex- j
cept by inference, that the particular provision of
the Constitution vesting admiralty jurisdiction in j
the courts of the United States does, not apply to "J
the Territories; that the judicial power exercised I
by the territorial courts is not part of the judicial i
power of the United Slates, but is derived from j
grant by Congress to the territorial legislature, i
They illustrate this proposition by referring to the ll
difference of the'tenure of office between the judi- :j
cial officers of the United States and those in the :'i
Territories. They say that all judicial power:!
which is conferred by the Constitution is vested :
in the Supreme Court and such inferior courts as ;
Congress may from time to time ordain or estab- j
lish; and that by the Constitution the tenure of i
office of ail these judges is during good behavior, j
while that of the territorial judges is only for a r
term of years. ij
The decision, then, amounts to this, and is lim- !'
ited to this, that the judicial power granted under ' I
the Constitution, to be exercised within the limits H
of the United States, is not the judicial power ij
which is established by Congress within the Ter-
ritories; that tjje right of determining this question
by the judicial power which rests on the authority
of Congress to make a Territory was not a portion
of the judicial power established by the Constitu-
tion to be exercised within the limits of the United
States. Now, I suppose there can be nothing
more clear than this; but it is very far from estab-
lishing the proposition that no part of the Consti-
tution can operate in the Territories, by its own
force or by legislative act. The whole extent of
-the decision is simply that the judicial power con-
ferred by the Constitution is to be exercised within
the limits of the. United States, and does not of
necessity extend to the Territories.
But here is a proposition by this amendment to
put in force the laws of the Mexican Republic,
without regard to the Constitulion and laws of the
' United States. I ask for a modification of the
| amendment, which shall provide that these laws
] shall be allowed to operate in subordination to the
Constitution of the United States. It is said, that
on the acquisition of territory by the United States,
the laws of the preexisting government must con-
tinue in force until they are repealed by this Gov-
ernment. Now, sir, I confess 1 am unwilling that
the citizens of the United States who may be in
that Territory should be subjected unlimitedly to
the authoiity of those laws, of laws enacted by the
Mexican Government. There are laws there
which conflict with the rights of individuals as
freemen, and i am not willing that these shall con-
tinue to operate without restraint upon American
citizens.
But, in the next place, it is said that this is in
the discretion of the President of the United States,
and that he will enforce those laws only which
conform to the Gonstitutiorf of the United States.
I answer that ijt is the duty of every department of
this Government to bear its own burdens; and
when we send from these Halls an act giving a
government to a Territory, we must impose the
limitations which the Constitution requires. If the
Senator from New Jersey had been disposed to
accept this modification, "so far as they may be
consistent with the Constitution of the United
States," we should have a guarantee for our citi-
zens, and I would have been disposed to acquiesce
in the proposition thus modified. His refusal for-
bids me to do so. 1
Mr. President, it is said that it is impossible to
distinguish between those provisions of the Con-
stitution which are suitable and proper to be ob-
served in the Territories, and those which are not.
Let me suggest to you what I suppose to be a
very plain and broad line of discrimination be-
tween these two classes of constitutional provis-
ions. I suppose that, considering the Constitution
as an ordination and establishment by the people
of the United States of a system of government,
all those provisions which relate alone to that ob-
ject are to be limited in their operations to the
States over which that government was to be es-
tablished. But I suppose,also, that leaving those
; provisions en masse, there is another class which
! affects private rightsj the liberty of the citizen,
! which applies to citizens oftheUnitedStates where-
i ever they may be found within the limits of Us
j authority; and if it be true that these provisions
| cannot operate without the legislation of Congress
i in aTerritory for which we are providing a system
; of government, it serves only to render more im-
perative our obligation to make the necessary en-
actment.
A citizen of the Ufiited States does not lose his
character of citizen of the United States by remov-
ing into a Territory of the United States. He
ceases to be a citizen of the individual State from
which he removes, and he becomes a citizen of the
Territory to which he goes, but he retains his
character of a citizen of the United States. That
is his birthright, or it has been granted to him in
conformity to tiie law of Congress. I will ask,
sir, did the citizens of the Northwestern Territory
lose their character of citizens of the Confederacy
when that Territory was transferred by Virginia
to the Confederation ? They were citizens of Vii-
gmia, as well as of the Confederacy, and when
the lands on which they dwelt were transferred by
Virginia to the Confederacy, were they denation-
alized and divested by this act of their rights as
citizens of the Confederacy ? It may be said that
