1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
281
30th Cong 2d Sess. New Mexico and California—Mr. Dayton and Mr, Underwood.
Senate.
the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus does not
by force of the Constitution extend to a Territory,
that it can only be availed of under the authority
of a government which is created by Congress.
Sir, if this be so, can there be any more cogent
reason for such legislation by Congress as will
secure to the citizen of a Territory the benefit of
its provisions? It is conceded that we have t|ie
power to do so; nay, that we are bound to do so,
by the admission which is made in this argument
that we would be wanting in the performance of
our duty, if, in organizing- a government for a
Territory, we failed to observe with religious scru-
pulousness the great, free, liberal, and conserv-
ative principles of the Constitution. Surely, the
privilege of habeas corpus is one of these; and
if we have the power, and the obligation is upon
us, how can we fail to exercise_ the power in ful-
fillment of the obligation > I am not aware that
this proposition can be stated more plainly.
I object, then, to the amendment of the Senator
from iNew Jersey, because it does not throw around
the citizens of these Territories the panoply of the
constitution, but subjects him to the dominion of '
foreign law, to be enforced by Executive discre- I
tion; and 1 will vote for the amendment of the Sen- |
ator from Wisconsin,if he will accept as a niodifica- [
tion an amendment which shall limit the enactment
by which the Constitution is to be extended to these
Territories to such of its provisions as can be ap-
plied to the condition of a Territory of the United
States.
Mr. DAYTON. I have no purpose to enter
again into the discussion ofany question connected
with this matter. I have no purpose, therefore, to
answer the arguments of my friend from Georgia,
furtherthan by thesimpleiiiterjogatory, which may |
be addressed to him and to all others who adoptthe j
same line of argument. He says that the princi-
ples of the Constitution to which he refers already j
extend to and cover the Territories. If so, I beg j
to know why you want any special act of legisla- j
tion to carry them there? I think, sir, that it j
will puzzle those gentlemen who contend for this !
position to answer this question. But my pur-
pose in rising was not to discuss the subject, but
merely 
Mr. FOOTE. If the Senator will permit me, I
have this to say for myself upon this point; other
gentlemen may answer for themsetees. I enter-
tain the opinion so ably advocated' by the Senator
from Georgia; but I know that such distinguished
jurists as the Senator from New Jersey, the Sen-
ator fram Massachusetts, [Mr. Webster,] and a
few others that I might enumerate, entertain a dif-
ferent opinion. We heard it said the other day—
and I am very glad to find that it is a mistake—
that the Supreme Court had decided in support of
the views of those distinguished Senators: But it
being a question whether the Constitution did or
did not extend to the Territories, it was certainly
right and proper for those who held that it did
extend theie to make assurance doubly sure by
^legislating for its extension. And that is the
ground upon which I act.
Mr. DAYTON. I was about to respond to the
somewhat pointed remarks of the Senator from
Tennessee. He complained that, when the Sena-
tor from Georgia and myself were speaking of what
he advocated, we took his remarks disunited; that
we did not consider them in the whole; that, in
point of fact, he intended to 3ay that no State could
be created in a Territory but by act of Congress.
While the Senator complains of others for taking
his remarks in a disjointed manner, let me ask his
attention and the attention of the Senate to the
mode m which he has chosen to consider mine.
Sir, he has stopped in the middle of a sentence!
* Here it is. The sentence runs thus: " His [Mr.
Bell's] idea is, that Congress can alone create a
State"—and there the Senator stopped, and asked,
with much point and force of manner, who heard
him express such an idea? Sir, if he would but
have continued to the end of the sentence, he would
have found his idea expressed m precise language.
It was thus:." That no State government can be
created in our Territories save by revolution, if
without the authority of Congress;" and that was
his idea, I believe, exactly. This is the way in
which the Senator chooses to establish the position
that*I misrepresented him. Certainly the Senator
did not talk here a whole day to show that Con-
gress was the only power that could create a State
of the Union.
Again, sir, he objected in a somewhat pointed
manner to the illustration which I gave in answer
to his remarks.
Mr. BELL. I meant no disrespect towards the
Senator.
Mr. DAYTON. I know my friend intended no
disrespect, but he has that happy manner which
tells perhaps quite as effectively as his language.
Now, what was that illustration, a"s the Senator
has referred to it? In attempting to illustrate my
argument, I said that a boy may make from a bit
of paper the figure of a man, and call it so, but
would it be a man? would it have the sinews, the
muscle, the bone, and blood of a man? Well,
says the honorable gentleman, how does the illus-
tration apply? I#will tell him. The Senator con- i
tended here that Congress could pass an act and i
make it a State, although it, the Territory, should !
not do anything for the purpose of carrying into :
execution a State government for forty years. I
ask, can it be a State because Congress shall call
it so—when it has none of the powers, none of
the prerequisites of a State, and can effect none of
the objects for-which a State government is de-
signed?
I have thus, in this brief and hasty manner, re-
sponded to the Senator from Tennessee. I con-
clude, sir, that we have not so much misunderstood
or misrepresented the Senator's arguments as he
supposed; but I am glad that, after his long speech,
he has taken the precaution to write down on
paper, and give us this morning, in a condensed
form, what he really did mean.
Mr. BELL. I do not mean to advert to the little
sincerity of the Senator fr^m New Jersey, at the
conclusion of his speech, but the Senator from
Georgia seems to make a question of fact in regard
to the drift of my argument. I can only say it is
j very evident that the Senator belongs to a class
i who were greatly prejudiced against the position
! which I took, and my argument, therefore, fell
I upon unwilling ears. I stated in the remarks I
' made to-day, that if any Senator had given me his
attention he could not have misunderstood me.
One word in regard to the report: if the Senator
has read the report of my remarks it is n-fc>re than
1 have done, but on looking over the matter as
counted in columns, there cannot have been one-
half of my arguments reported. Some paragraphs
seem to report nie very well, others misstated the
| arguments altogether. I have nothing to complain
• of, because the Senate having required that the
! report shall be laid upon our tables the following
! day, correctness cannot be expected when we «on-
; sider the great length to which the report must
| necessarily extend. But I will ask the Senator
from Georgia if he did not revise the report of his
remarks ?
Mr. BERRIEN. Most certainly I did.
Mr. BELL. I only want to state the difference.
I never read over the report of the remarks made
by me, and I thought I saw in the arrangement of
sentences and in the scope and connection of the
arguments of the Senator from Georgia, a differ-
ence between the report and the speech as deliv-
ered. At all events, I thought it bore the marks
of very careful revision.
Mr. BERRIEN. I will state precisely what
the extent of that revision was. At a late hour of
the night, without any previous notice and with-
out any request on my part, the rough notes of the
reporter were furnished to me for examination,
! and I gave them such hasty revisal as the time
'i would permit.
M Mr. BELL. I merely wanted the explanation,
ij The Senator had an opportunity of revising his
■j remarks. I never had. And 1 have not read them
'' to this day, so that his refereftce to anything in
i' the newspaper, which could not have contained
!| more than half what I said, is not a fair test of the
I: course of my argument. 1 now say that I could
!- not, under any circumstances, have contended for,
|i the absurdities attributed to nie by the Senator fiom
Georgia.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. It is of very great im-
portance, in my estimation, that the new legal
question which has been started, and which brings
me to my feet on this occasion, should be clearly
understood^ I hope the Senate will give me their
attention, and to compensate that favor, I wi)i
promise to be very brief. I never heard until
the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Webster]
on yesterday expressed the opinion, that the Con-
stitution in its provisions did not extend to the
Territories of the United States, and I listened
with profound attention to what he said, and also
to what was advanced by the Senator from South
Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun.] It-is the great respect
wriichj have for all the opinions of the distin-
guished Senator from Massachusetts upon con-
j stitutional questions, and the difference which
i exists between him and myself upon tins question,
i which induces me to occupy the time of the Sen-
| ate. I think all has not been said on the subject
! which can be properly said, and I wish to supply
; what I regard to be an omission in very few words.
I I hold that the laws of Congress are, like the laws
; of all other civilized communities, either general
! or special; that they either extend over the whole
' territory of the United States, or over localities
which may be designated by law. Now, sir, if
' you look at the acts of every civilized community,
j you will find that the laws passed by the legislative
power operate in that way, and you will find that
1; the constitutional provisions under our system act
1 m the same way. You have an express constitu-
tional provision respectingtheDistrictofColumbia,
j, You haveexclusive jurisdiction within the District.
' You have powers there which do not extend to the
Territories belonging to the United States, and the
! people of the States. Our powers under the Consti-
1 tution in relation to this District are local and not
i' general. I hold that all the principles and provisions
i of the Constitution of the United States which are
j general, all the provisions which are not limited,
; which are not local, extend just as well over the
]| Territories of the United States as they doover the
different States of this Union, and that they have
precisely the same effect in the Territories as they
have in the States. It may require legislation to
carry out constitutional power. The constitutional-
power may be inefficient, it may be worthless, it.
may amount to nothing, until Congress passes
a law to execute and carry the power into opera-
tion. To illustrate: all your judicial power is to be
1 vested in the judiciary, but until you pass laws by
winch thejudiciary is to be organized, courts held,
i and offices provided, the investiture of the judicial
power in respect to the States as well as the Ter-
ritories is a dead letter. It requires the action of
Congress. And so, sir, as to many oUier powers
J of the Government. They have what may be
: termed a latent efficacy, but it cannot operate until,
I like the power which propels the engine, you have
I prepared the machinery upon which the power
' acts. I think that this proposition is just as clear,
i and that it can be demonstrated by argument, as
' that two and two make four, and 1 will proceed now
' to prove it.
1 The Constitution says that it is the supreme law
j of the land. What land? The whole land, consti-
tutmg part and parcel of the United Slates, is the
I obvious answer. Upon what punciple can we
restrict the operation of the Constitution to less
! than the whole? I shall not repeat the arguments
' that have been used upon this subject. 1 will leave
it where the learned Senator from South Caiohna
, left it, in the interesting discussion which took
place between him and the Senator from Massachu-
1 setts. But the Constitution does not stop there.
In the next clause it goes on to say that the judges
. and officers of every State m the Union, and" every
officer belonging to the United States Government,
i without qualification or limitation, shall take an
loath ".to support this Constitution." You have
I officers in the Territories; you have had them from
j the foundation of the Government, and you cannot
! govern a Territory without executive and judicial
j officers. All of them are required to take an oath
! or affirmation which obliges them to support the
| Constitution when they come to administer their
i respective duties. After taking this oath, they are
i perjured in the eye of Heaven if they inttntiona ly
; disregard the provisions of the Constitution. How
jean they support the Constitution unless by le-
ij specting and enforcing its principles and provis-
!i ions? The learned Senator from Massachusetts
II says, and says most appropriately and forcibly,
!l that the principles of the Constitution are obliga-
tory upon us even while legislating for the Terri-
