282,
30th Cong 1st Sess.
appendix to the congressional globe.
Z^M^Underwood^
[Feb. 26,
Senate.
tories. That is true, I admit, m its fullest force,
but If it is obligatory upon us while legis atmg for
the Territories, is it possible that it will not be
edually obligatory uptsn the officers who.are ap-
pointed to administer the laws in those Territories.
Mr. WEBSTER. I never said it was not oblig-
atory upon them. What I said was, that in ma-
king laws for these Territories, it was the high duty
of Congress to regard those great principles m the
Constitution intended for the security of personal
liberty and for the security of property. #•
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The gentleman s senti-
ments were quoted a short time ago, while he was
absent, by,a Senator near me, who understood
them preciselyas I did; but I am happy to hear
this qualification of the position 7h'?h. I under-
stood the gentleman to take. I did think that the
gentleman was right when he sa.id that, in 'eS's-
latin^'for the Territories, we were bound by the
principles "Of the Constitution. Certain is it, that
we are so bound or we are not. If there is no
such obligation imposed upon us, then we may
- legislate adverse to these principles, and contra-
dictory to thetn, in making laws tor our iernto-
ries. If the gentleman intends to" be understood
that we ought to respect the principles of the Con-
stitution in legislating for the Temtories.but imay
violate them with impunity and without judicial
check, his position is so much the Worse, so much
the more dangerous "to be advanced, coming, as it
does, from the great constitutional lawyer of the
United States. I say that we are bound, in legis-
lating for the Territories as well as for the btates
scrupulously to observe every principle and pro-
vision of the Constitution, for we have taken an
oath to support it. If we, through inadvertence
or design, violate it, then the executive and judi-
cial departments, whether in the States_or Teiri-
tories, and who are called upon to apply and en-
force our acts upon the people, are bound by their
oaths to disregard everything condemned by the
Constitution. Let me put a case, by way of illus-
tration. Ours is a Protestant country in-the mam,
while New Mexico and /California are Catholic
countries., Suppose we provide by our legislation
that nobody shall be appointed to an office there
who professes the Catholic religion. What uo we
do by an act of this sort?
Mr. WEBSTER. We violate the Constitution,
which says that no religious test shall ever be re-
quired as a qualification-to any office.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I put the ease to show
how the Constitution might be violated, and how
we may violate our oaths. But this is not all. ,
The Constitution defines what treason is; and if <
you will look at the legislative act to provide for
the punishment of certain crimes against the Uni-
ted "States, you will find, that treason is likewise
defined in it. When that act of Congress was
passed, we had a territory northwest of the Ohio
river. I have made a hasty examination to see
whether I could find the criminal code of the Uni-
ted States extended by express words to the terri- ,
tory northwest of the Ohio. I found no such en-
actment. Well, if the criminal code of the United j!
States was not by express provision extended to ,
the territory northwest of the Ohio, how did it get , j
there? Under the new doctrine it has not reached j!
there yet, unles§ it went at the diflerent times at
which the portions of that territory have been
admitted into the Union as States; and, in that
case, there is still a portion of the territory at the
head of the Mississippi which the criminal code
has not yet reached. Is that true, sir? No, sir.
How does it go there ? It goes there, because it
is a part of the general law of the land. It goes
there, because it is a part, as far as treason |s con- ,
cerned, of the Constitution of the land. It gets |j
there in that way, most clearly.- Sir, this may be J!
and is a most important doctrine. _ Suppose the j:
people of California, having been incorporated into
the United States by treaty, are guilty of treason; ,j
suppose they act so as to forfeit their lives, under
the act for the punishment of crimes, adopted in :j
1789, in reference to treason: are they to be pun- ]'
ished; or does it require express legislation now to |;
extend the criminal code there before you can reach j;
them ? These are very important inquiries. I deny |
that it requires an express act to extend our crirn- 1
inal code; but that that code, made for the whole
people of the United States without restriction,
being general ill its provisions, extends every-
where over the whole territory of the United States,
unless there is someexpress limitation in it. Under
the idea that the Congress of the United States may
legislate in violation of the Constitution, or con-
trary to the Constitution, let me prtsent a case to
test the principle. Suppose we now pass a law for
the punishment of treason in California and^pro-
vide for conviction, upon the testimony of one
witness. A man is brought up before a California
judge to be'tried; here is the act of Congress statin^
that conviction may take place upon the testimony
of one witness; here is a judge who has sworn to
support, in other words, to carry out the principles
of the Constitution, by the provisions of which the
conviction can only take place upon the testimony
of two witnesses. Which shall prevail ? Iftheie
is no constitutional authority in California, and
vour law is the sole rule of action on the part ot
the officers of your Government, of course you
will (ftnvict upon the testimony of one witness.
But how is it possible to do that in the face ot the
Constitution which the judge has sworn to sup-
port? Where you have an_officer, the constitu-
tional proviss on requiring him to take an oath to
1 support the Constitution prevails; and where you
administer that oath, the oath carries with it the
obligation to sustain every principle of the Consti-
tution which has operation, and which the officer
may be required to act under; and thus it goes
into operation in every .Territory just as soon as
you have officers and a government m that lerri-
It does seem to me, sir, that this question, which
I have made in reference to the duties of officers ot
the Government under the Constitution, glowing
out of their oath of office, ought to be considered
as making the case so plain that it is impossible to
resist the idea of applying all the principles of the
; Constitution, so far as they are suitable to be ap-
' plied, to the Territories. But I think you have
' legislated upon this very idea which I have noto
advanced. You had a territorial government un-
der the old Confederation northwest of the Ohio.
The Constitution operated differently from the law
under which the old territorial government opera-
ted; in other words, the law by which your terri-
torial government northwest of the Ohio operated,
was in many of its provisions contradictory to the
provision of the Constitution of the United States;
and upon the adoption of the Constitution and
the going into operation of the Federal Govern-
ment, so far as the organization of the Northwest
Territory was "Concerned, Congress produced a
conformity at the first session, by enacting that
hencefoith that portion of the ordinance ot 1787
which provided for the appointment of officers by
Congress should be repealed, and thereafter they
should be appointed in accordance with the Consti-
tution of the United States. Before the Constitu-
tion was adopted, the judges and other officers were
appointed by Congress. After the adoption of the
Constitution, that could not be done. There was
therefore a conflict between the Constitution and
the organic law of the Territory. All that Con-
gress did was to modify the territorial lav/, and to
provide that the officers should be appointed in
conformity with the provisions of the Constitution,-
and should make their reports to the President ot
the United States, which befoie they had been re-
quired to make to Congress. But if you look at
the laws you will not find any declaration or enact-
ment which carries the Constitution and laws of
the United States to the Territories. Now, sir, the
omission to extend the Constitution and general
laws to the Territories in express words, shows,
as I conceive, at that early period of the history of
the country, that it was unnecessary in the opinion
of Congress to do so; but that they went, without
any legislation, by their intrinsic power; and must
have gone there in the way I have staled, because
you lequired every officer who discharged any
public function in the Territory to take an oath to
suppoit the Constitution. An oath to support a
thing which had no validity—no operation! Sir,
ys it not—I hardly know what term to apply—
absurd? no, I will not say absurd—queer, that
you should require from your officer an oath to
support a thing which had no existence, validity,
or operation—nothing to do with his action 83 an
officer? This does seem to me to be the strangest
thing in the world.
Mr. WEBSTER. "Will thegentleman consider
that this oath is to be taken under the territorial
law, in pursuance of the Constitution, and never
before a territorial government has been formed?
The gentleman may designate it by any adjective
he pleases; the whole basis of his argument is
fallacious, because the oath is to be taken when
the act of Congress points out the government.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. President, if the
oath of a territorial officer is thus limited, it means
less than the oath according to the Constitution
imports. .1 deny that laws can limit and restrain
it in this way. Do these officers, when they take
the oath prescribed by the Constitution, swear, I
will execute my duties as Congress and the orgi.me
law in this Territory shall prescribe them, and I
shall only look to Congress as dictating to me the
manner in which I shall discharge my duties? No,
sir. The gentleman's suggestion now is a restric-
LUIS gCUUCUIttM °   * " . .
tion. I deny that there can be any such restriction.
The oath to be administered is, that he will support
tfie Constitution of the United States, not partially
and in a limited sense, but wherever it can operate
upon his official duties. That is the nature of the
oath, as I conceive, without limitation and without
restriction. Well, as to my honorable friend s
illustrations that were given the other day, I admit,
with him, that there may be no law relating to
descents; there may be no law in the Territories
regulating the rights of property, the titles to
estates; or there may be laws in California and
New Mexico at this time, of Spanish origin, which
may be wholly inconsistent with the principles of
our Government—may be wholly inconsistent with
what the Congress of the United States or the
American people may desire. I admit there can
be no new law enforced there without a legislative
change, unless the old law is abrogated by the con-
1 flict with the Constitution. I admit, that upon the
! principles of international law, the code existing
! there at the time we acquired the territory remains
' until it is our pleasure to change it.' But how does
the Constitution operate upon territory which we
have acquired, and in which there are no people?
How does it operate in the construction of society
ab ovo, if I may be permitted the expression?
When we permit people to"go into such territory,
they have no law regulating descents, or regulating
any one of their civil rights. It requires an act of
Congress, therefore, to regulate descents and con-
veyances, to give titles to land, and to provide for
all the other {*reat interests of the new colony or
society. How does this concession, then—which
I think perfectly correct—how does the concession
operate against the position 1 have assumed, that
all the principles of the Constitution which can
| have operation'in the Territories go there of their
j own intrinsic force? I conceive it does not touch
! the position. You have no right in a State to make
j any of those regulations to which the Senator from
S Massachusetts refers. It belongs to the State to
! make them, and this only proves what I advanced
i in the outset. Your power may be dormant, in-
| active, inefficient, until you bring it into operation
j by legislative enactments. But you have got a
i treaty which operates, I presume, in California
i and New Mexico. How does that treaty operate
1 there? I say, in virtue of this Constitution; and
but for the Constitution the treaty could have no
j effect. The treaty operates, so far as our title to
' these Territories is concerned, according to the de-
1 cisions of the Supreme Court, upon one of two
I grounds: either by conquest, where, by the war
j power,you have annexed the country, or by treaty,
i where you have acquiied the Territories by con-
tract. We have acquired these Territories under
both these titles, but it is in virtue of the provisions
of the Constitution that you are allowed to acquire
^< territory in either way. The Constitution, there-
j fore, operates so far as to make California and
1 New Mexico a part of this country. To that ex>
| tent, most undoubtedly, it operates, without being
1 carried there by any legislative act of Congress.
! Can that be denied? Why, any one that woula
:j deny this, must deny that we have any title to the
country at all. The treaty only operates in virtue .
: of the higher operation of the Constitution.
;! One idea more. According to the principles of
I international law, when one people conquers an-
other people, the conquered people lose, so to
,l speak, their allegiancc to their former masters, and
jj are bound by a new description of allegiance to
II the new master, the conqueror. Well, whetfwa
