1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
283
30th Cong 2d Sess.
New Mexico and California—Mr. Hunter.
Senate.
have acquired, by treaty or by conquest, a terri-
tory with people in it, the allegiance which bound
them to their old master being broken, and the
allegiance which binds them to the new being
fixed, I ask you, sir, if they are not in the con-
dition to be traitors to the country if they commit
treason against it? And, if so, whether the prin-
ciples of the Constitution and the criminal law not
being expressly extended there, do not operate as
well" in that territory as m any part of the United
States? If they be not, then there can be no of-
fences against the United States perpetrated or j
punished; there can be no traitors punished; the'
criminal code is a dead letter, and nothing operates
unless it be the treaty. Sir, I cannot conceive that
any doctrine of this sort can be maintained, unless
the decision of the Supreme Court can be produced
showing that the extension of the provisions of the
Constitution to newly-acquired territory requires a
special act of Congress. I have seen no such de-
cision; and, unless such can be produced, it is"clear
to my mind that the doctrine is fallacious.
One or two Words more, and I have done. Mr.
President, I regret, as much as it is possible for
any man to regret, that we are wasting day after
day upon a question of this sort, growing out of
■ the institution of slavery in the South and the |
hostility towards it in the North, operating most i
injuriously upon all the legislation of this body, |
and especially when we endeavor to form govern- j
ments for these Territories. Sir, it is a sad spec- !
tacle in the face of the American people. But it j
has been so, is so now, and will be so in time to \
come, unless we take the proper means to put the !
question at rest foiever. There is, in my humble \
judgment, but one way of settling it harmoni- j
ously; and if the Congress ot the United States j
would adopt that, it does seem to me it would give ;
peace and tranquillity to all sensible men. Wei
should leave it to the people of the Territory to settle I
for'themselves. What objection can there be to j
this? I was astonished when acting in the commit-
tee ofeight at the last session, when the proposition
was made, to find but one man besides myself on
that committee voting for it, and that was the Sen-
ator from New York, [Mr. .Dickinson.] What is
the proposition of the Senator from Tennessee and
of the Senatorjfrom Illinois ? It is to let them form
a State government and admit them as a State;
and ill this way they will regulate and settle this
question for themselves. Sir, can they settle the
question any better if they do form a State gov-
ernment for themselves than they can if you leave
it to them to settle in their territorial legislature?
It does seem to be altogether out of the question
for us to be gravely debating hereabout allowing
them to form a State constitution, and of admit-
ting them mto the Union—a thing to which I am
altogether opposed: it does seem to me altogether
out of the question to propose settling the question
in that way, while, at the same time, we are refu- i
sing to allow them to settle it for themselves by j
the instrumentality of territorial legislation. There j
is some magic, I suppose, about a State consti-
tution; and if they do not settle it by that magic
wand, it is not to be settled at all. It does seem to
me that upon so plain a proposition there ought
not to be two opinions. 1 am afraid, seeing that
it can be so easily settled, if you will only consent
to let the people settle it for themselves—I am
afraid that political agitators, party influences,
party hopes, ulterior views of personal elevation,
ambition, and wickedness, more than humanity and
virtue, are at the bottom of this difficulty, opposing
the great interest of the mass of the American peo-
ple, ninety-nine hundredths of whom have no in-
terest in the question at all. Sir, it astonishes me to
see the quintessence of the wisdom of a great nation
like ours, assembled in the two hails of Congress,
gravely debating and arguing that State legisla-
tion is the only way of settling the question, or
of leaving it to the people to be settled, when you
can as easily leave it to them to be settled by a
territorial government. Sir, 1 have known some
men in the course of my life, who never could do
anything exccpt m a particular way of their own,
a way that was not appreciated by ordinary honest
minds. With the class of men to whom I allude
there must always be some hocus pocus in all their
actions, otherwise nothing could be done well and
to their liking.
Mr, DOWNS. I will remind the gentleman of
what he has perhaps forgotten, that the very pur-
pose for which these amendments were offered was
to effect the object which the Senator from Ken-
tucky desires. If we could have got a territorial
bill passed, there would have been no necessity for
these propositions. It was not through any desire
to introduce into legislation what the Senator calls
hocus focus, but it was to effect an object which
could not be secured in any other way.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I beg the Senator's par-
don; I did not intend anything personal towards
any human being. 1 know that the object of* these
amendments, the avowed object, is to get a govern-
ment for the Territories in such way as to settle
the question, so that Congress may have done with
it. The tendency of my remarks is to show the
danger, the impolicy, I had almost said the wicked-
ness, of refusing to allow the question of slavery
in the new Territories to be settled by the people
of the Territories for themselves. What is the
North contending for, when they refuse to let U3
of the South, with their aid, pass a bill by which
this matter shall be conceded to the people of the
Territories? I will tell you what they are contend-
ing for: they are just saying m this very refusal,
to the people of California and New Mexico, You
shall not have the power to mould your institutions;
you shall not have the power to make the institu-
tions of Kentucky, of Tennessee, or any of the
southern States, the model for your own, but you
shall adopt for your fundamentaljn-inciples of gov-
ernment what we choose to dictate to you. If our
essential elements of prosperity shall not be judged
: of by yourselves; you shall he dictated to by us.
If it does not amount to this, it amounts to noth-
i ing. Well, if you dictate and prescribe to these
! people a positive rule by which you compel them
to base their institutions upon those of the free
: States, and refuse them the liberty to base their
j institutions upon the model of the slaveholding
States, I ask gentlemen if it can be done without
to that extent casting a reflection upon the slave-
! holding States? I know my honorable friend from
| New Jersey [Mr. Dayton] said, God forbid that
anything that he should do or say should operate
so as to wound the feelings of the people of the
South; but must he not perceive that just as soon
as Congress says to the people of these Territories,
You shall be deprived of the power of modeling
your institutions on the basis of those of the south-
ern States, and you shall model them upon the
basis of the institutions of the free States,—to that
extent Congress reflects on and stigmatizes the
people of one portion of the Union and their insti-
tutions, and to that extent eulogizes the people of
another portion of the United Slates and their insti-
tutions, as being the model of all that is right and
proper and worthy of imitation ?
Now, you can avoid all this, and the people of
the North, by avoiding it, can just accomplish
what they desire; for no southern man thatl know
of—very few, I believe, at least—expect that sla-
very will go to that country, from its character,
■ , its soil, its productions, its climate, and the pur-
ii suits of the people. But, sir, if the people them-
ij selves desire the institution of slavery, should they
ij be deprived of the privilege of asking Kentuck-
- ians, or the people of any other southern State, to
j'come there with their staves? That is the ques-
|i tion If you say they shall not exercise their own
! volition and judgment, but that they shall submit
'! to your dictation, to that extent you violate repub-
'! lican principles, and undermine the very founda-
i uons upon which ail our institutions rest, i ou
say to a people, You may establish for yourselves
i1 a o-overnment, but you shall not have the privilege
'' o{&maktng it &uch as you wish it to be; you shall
|! make it according to our dictation. And you do
■ ! this, sir, when, if the people of the lerritones
' had the power, and in its exercise were to estab-
ii lish southern institutions, they would not thereby
!. introduce a single additional slave into the United
I! States 1 Nobody claims the right ot introducing
slaves from Africa, or any foreign country. y>
then, restrict the people of these lerritortes in the
exercise of their judgment m regard to their own
interest? Why tie their hands, and say that they
shall not do that which they think best? fo do it
is despotism, practised m the name of liberty. 6 r,
I am done with this subject. I gave my views a
length during the last session of Congress, and
should not have said a word now but lor the new
question which has been started in the course of
this debate. 1 am one of those who do not believe—
and have so expressed the opinion here at the last
session—that the operation of-the Constitution of
the United States within the Territories of New
Mexico and California will, per se or of its own
vitality, of its own intrinsic force, establish sla-
very or tolerate the holding of slaves* there, by
abolishing the Mexican laws as they existed when
we acquired those Territories. But if I am mis-
taken m that; if the southern view—for so I call
it, being upon this particular in a minority among
the southern members of this body—if the south-
ern view upon this question be correct, ho^v are
my northern friends acting upon this subject?
They are unfaithful, as I conceive, in their course
of action, to the Constitution which they are sworn
to support. They are bound to extend that glo-
rious instrument over every part of the country,
whether it be a Territory or a State; ahd as they
have annexed those Territories, and made them a
part of the United States, I hold it to lie their
bounden duty to extend the Constitution over
' them, if it is not already operative "in them. If
| they do not do it, they will have violated, in sub-
! stance, the compromises of the Constitution in
| reference to slavery, provided the southern opinion
! be correct. To refuse to extend the shield of the
i Constitution because it might protect the institu-
' tion of slavery, is just as bad as to refuse to com-
ply with those provisions which require the surren-
der of fugitive slaves. It is another mode of doing
the same thing.
; PRESIDING OFFICER. The hour for taking
a recess has arrived.
I Mr. UNDERWOOD. Well, sir, I shall say no
r more. After the recess any gentleman who chooses
j; may have possession of the floor.
j1 On the reassembling of the Senate the debate
was continued, as follows: -
ii Mr. HUNTER. I have a question to propose
to the honorable Senator from New Jersey [Mr.
Dayton] before the question is taken upon his
amendment as amended, which 1 will briefly state.
The amendment,as originally introduced, provides
for all " the military, civil, and judicial powers
exercised by the officers of the existing Govern-
ment.'' This morning he modified his amendment
so as to read, " powers exercised by the officers of
the Mexican Government," &c.
I rise for the purpose of ascertaining what are
his sentiments, and what those of gentlemen here
professing to be willing to compromise this ques-
tion, ill relation to this modification which the
Senator has made. 1 had no share in preparing
this amendment; but, once offered, I determined,
if there was any possibility of settling the question
that has been so long pending, so as to give A gov-
ernment to oar recently acquired Territories with-
out sacrificing the rights of my constituents, to aid
in bringing about the result. 1 suppose the scheme
of the Senator from New Jersey tor compromise
was based oil the principle of leaving undecided, or
in abeyance, the question as to whether slavery can
or cannot exist m the Teiritories acquired from
Mexico. It is known that there are two parties in
relation to this question: one maintaining that ail
the laws of the conquered country remain m force,
and amongst them the Mexican law prohibiting
slavery; the other party assert that only so mucn
of the laws remain in loice as are not inconsistent
with the fundamental privileges of the States and
the citizens of those States; in other words, not
inconsistent with .the Constitution of the United
States. 1 do not propose to aigue the question
whether these laws are, to the extent claimed, re-
pealed or not in those Territories, being of the
same mind as the Senator f'lom Massachusetts,
[Mr. Webster,] and not desirous ot introducing
any topic that would engender heats or promote
excitement. 1 simpiy desire to ascertain upon
what principle gentlemen ai e willing to compromise,
in order to see if there is a possibility of settling
the question, for a time at least. For one, I am
willing to compromise, provided the question 1
referred to be left unsettled. I examined this
arritndnient before the modification was introduced,
and I did think it left the question at issue unde-
cided and m abeyance. I confess the Senator's
speech accompanying the introduction of theamend-
ment, was of a-character that did not at all accord
