286
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 26,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
New Meocico and California—Mr. Westcott.
Senate.
almost daily sneered at and taunted, and whose
dearest rights are in constant danger of being vio-
lated ? But, sir, 1 discard the feelings which such
treatment would naturally engender, to aid those
whoare endeavoring to secure peace, property, and
iiffe in their newly-acquired territory.
Sir, I go further: my heart is not. inclined to
strife, and I would gladly settle, if I could, all the
causes of difference which are producing bitterness
Snd alienation between the sections of this Confed-
eracy. I should be most happy to settle them all
amicably, and upon the instant,<if I could do so
without sacrificing the rights of- my constituents.
But, if I cannot uo this, I will at least make an
effort to-give such a government as may preserve
life and pr<fp.erty, and protect the settlers in Cali-
fornia .against anarchy. -Amongst those settlers
will be many of my own constituents, acquaint-
ances, friends, men to whom I have an earnest de
sire to extend the protection of Government, and
of so much law at least as may enable them to
prosecute their pursuits in tranquillity. Is there
anything in this disposition which deserves the
taunts of either North or South ? Unless there
be, I did not deserve the sneer of the Senator from
Connecticut. But if he prefers to imbitter the dif-
ferences and exasperate the strife which are already
unhappily existing between opposing sections, he
might pursue his ends without taunting those who
have a more pacific disposition. If the desire to
settle these unhappy dissensions upon fair and
equitable terms entitles me to the Senator's scorn,
X deserve It; but I must be allowed to say to him
that I would much rather be the victim of his sneers
for such a cause than to be capable of harboring
in my breast such feelings as alone could proaipt
them.
Mr. WESTCOTT. Mr. President, I wish to
express my views as briefly as is in my power,
and at least, as to some of the questions now before
, the Senate. It is our duty, if we can, to enact laws
giving security to our citizens in California and
New Mexico. We have before us two proposi-
tions: one, the amendment by the Senator from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Walker;] and the other, the
amendment of the Senator from New Jersey, [Mr.
Dayton.] It is objected by the Senator from Con-
necticut [Mr. Niles] that the first amendment in-
vests theiPresident with plenary legislative powers.
Does it in fact give him the power to make laws', as
supposed ? Mr. President, I do not so understand-
it. 1 understand that it clothes the President merely
with power to make temporary "rulesand regula-
tions" for the preservation of peace and good order,
and for the protection of individual rights of prop-
erty and personal rights. Why, sir, such " rules
and regulations" are absolutely necessary to enable
the officers to administer even the Mexican laws,
if they are held to continue in force. It does not
propose to change or alter radically the Mexican
laws any further than is necessary to adapt them j
and make them conform to and harmonize with our |
Constitution and laws. Who cannot see the im- I
perative necessity of some modifications to enable
the officers who administer those laws to cany out
the principles of the Constitution and laws of the
United States?
The amendment of the Senator from New Jersey
provides in effect that the Mexican laws shall re-
main m full force, without any power to make any
modificationswhatever; nooneisinvested with any j
power to modify them in the slightest degree, i
Now, I desire to put the question to the honorable |
Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Niles,] when he
talks about the monstrosity of investing the Presi-
dent with despotic power, how can he conceive of
the exercise of despotic power by the President or
any other officer under our Constitution and laws? i
The thing is impossible, unless the officer violate '■
the Constitution. The first amendment restricts I
the " rules and regulations" he may make to entire !
consistency with the Constitution and laws of the j
United States. Every rule, every leguiation he
makes must be consistent with the Constitution,
and consistent with the laws of the United States. .
This, I repeat, is the express provision of the
amendment. If the President steps one hair's ■
breadth beyond that line, he violates the Constitu-
tion and violaies his official oath. The rules and I
regulations so made would also be void. Now, I J
ask Senators,and especially! ask the Senator from i1
Connecticut, [Mr. Niles,] if he was a resident of
California, which would he prefer, being governed
by Mexican laws, to wiiich he is a stranger, ac-
cording to Mexican forms, of which he is ignorant,
and which laws and forms I know would not be
agreeable to his notions of propriety, or being
governed by the Constitution and laws of the
United States, and "rules and regulations"made
by the Chief Magistrate of the Union, upon his
official responsibility, and administered by an offi-
cer of this Government amenable to our laws and
to us? I cannot doubt which he would choose.
We have precedents on this question. Who does
not remember that, when the illustrious Jackson
was arraigned before Congress for putting Colonel
Callava in prison, and disregarding Judge JFremen-
tin's singular writ of habeas corpus, and admon-
ishing the judge of the danger of his incurring
punishment, he successfully defended himself by
showing that, under yotir law authorizing it, Pres-
ident Monroe had given him two commissions, one
of which invested him with all the powers of cap-
tain general of Cuba with respect to Florida? You
continued the existing government and laws of
Florida by your law. By those laws the Gov-
ernor had all the executive, judicial, civil, military,
and legislative powers, and in fact all the powers
of the Government, in his own person. It was
in the exercise of these laws that he imprisoned
Colonel Callava, his predecessor m office, and,-as
I have ever thought, rightfully. Sir, I do not wish
to see such powers concentrated in any one official
functionary of this Government in California or
New Mexico, or elsewhere. I am told the Mex-
ican laws would not allow the exercise of such
powers. Nobody here knows what those laws
are; nobody pretends to know. Who has seen a
book of the laws of either Territory, in English
or in Spanish? If they should allow the exercise
of such powers, I desire ,the President to have the
power to restrain the officers-he appoints by Miit-
able "miles and regulations," making those laws
to harrmyize with our Constitution and laws. I
ask the honorable Senator from Connecticut [Mr.
Niles] which is the best security to our citizens
in California and New Mexico—the amenability
of subordinate officers exercising their discretion
in the execution of Mexican laws there, or their
'restraint by rules and regulations prescribed by
the Executive here, and, superadded to it, their
amenability to us for any violation*of those rules
and regulations, and which we can all understand?
Why, sir, this amendment makes the President
directly responsible to the country for the rules
and regulations he may make, and also for the ad-
ministration of them by his officers. Talk, sir, of
the despotism of a President of the United States !
No such thing can be; it is an impossibility. The
Constitution and laws of the United States protect
us from such despotism, and by this amendment
they will protect our citizens in the new Territo-
ries. If it could be supposed that a President
would adopt any improper or tyrannical rules and
regulations inconsistent with the Constitution and
laws of the United States, they would be mere
nullities. And, with this shield, I would much
| sooner submit to the danger of any despotic acts
by him or his officers, than to the control of an
officer acting under laws which are to me, and
most likely to him also, a sealed book, and which
might be construed to subserve the most malicious
purposes. Hence it is that I feel bound to vote
for the first amendment, and against the last. I
feel it to be my duty to give the people of Califor-
nia and New Mexico the shield and protection of
the Federal Constitution, and of all its principles,
for the security of life, liberty, and property, and
the aid of our laws to carry out those principles.
The first amendment does this, and that of the
\ Senator from New Jersey merely provides for the
appointment of officers to cxecutc the Mexican !
laws without modification or change to adapt them i
to the new order of things there. j
Mr. President, I have no idea that the amend- ;
mentoftheSenatorfrom Wisconsin [Mt.Walker]
touches, or was intended in anywise to touch or in-
terfere with, the question of slavery in those Terri to- ;
ries. Indeed, I know it was not so intended. The
amendment leaves the question where it found it. ■
The issue of slavery or no slavery in these Tern- 1
tories, which the Senator from Connecticut [Mr. ■
Niles] says he is ready and which he seems anxious ■.
to meet, is not involved. I am not so eager for that
contest. I do not see how that Senator or how
any patriotic man can be. One reason that I favor
this amendment is, because it leaves that question
to be settled hereafter. If Congress is to attempt
to settle it by legislation, it is best to postpone the
decision to a more auspicious period. By so doing,
time is given to the true friendsof the country and
of the Union in all sections to exert themselves
to promote conciliation and harmony. Who does
-not see at this time that the portents are ominous
of discord and danger ? This is not a propitious
moment for calm and cool deliberation on this sub-
ject. The public mind is heated in both sections.
Politicians, especially, are excited. We are just
over a closely-contested Piesidential election, and
in which this question was a prominent and ex-
citing topic of discussion'. Give time and oppor-
tunity for all to cool. If it is to come, at least put
the evil day afar off. Avoid it. Shun it. Post-
pone it. Give time for reason and patriotism to
resume their sway. This is the only effect of the
first amendment. It does not give the President
power to take slavery into the Territories if it is^
| not there, nor to exclude it if it is there. It passes
| by the question entirely. The President is given
I no authority in relation to it. He cannot, under
| this law, change the condition of things with
! respect to slavery in any wise. If heshould attempt
j it, he would do wrong. This is the compromise,
; -and the only compromise, the first amendment
offers, and it is offered to both sides and to all
| sides. It is impartial. The Senator from Con-
' necticut rejects it. He is armed, ready for the
; quarrel. Senators are now called upon to decide
which course is the best. I repeat, the vital ques-
tion in issue is left untouched—its decision is post-
! poned. Neither party is prejudiced. Sir, I am
willing to bear my full share of all the censure of
the Senator from Connecticut cast upon this amend-
ment and those in anywise instrumental in its
being proposed. The Senator from Wisconsin
[Mr. Walker] did me the honor to show me the
i amendment he intended to offer soon after he had
prepared it, and also to give that consideration to
some suggestions I made as to induce him to em-
body some of them in his draught; and subse-
quently the honorable Senator from Mississippi
[Mr. Foote] consulted me with respect to the
draughting of the proposition he made, and most
of which is now added to or incorporated in the
first amendment. The original draught of the
amendment of the Senator from Wisconsin waa
confined to the extension of the revenue laws, and
I believe the land laws, to the Territories, and the
appointment of officers under them. The including
of all other general laws, and the authority to make
I rules and regulations, I regarded as the most im-
I portant matter. I have listened to all the objec-
j tions urged against the propositions of the Senators
from Wisconsin and Mississippi, and my judg-
ement as to their wisdom, patriotism, and wise
^policy, lias been confirmed.
Sir, I do not hesitate, as a southern Senator, to
say here in my place that I regard the postpone-
ment of the decision of this slavery question at this
session as much more propitious to the perpetuity
of tTiis Union than its decision in any way could be
at this session, if such decision could be made. I
! advocate this amendment distinctly on that ground.
- A decision by Congress, even if in favor of the
South, at this session, I have apprehensions would
not be peaceably acquiesced in, m the present state
of excited feeling on this subject in the other sec-
! tions. The public mind is, I fear, diseased with
j respect to it. Such decision now would be used-
by fanatics and demagogues, who are the enemies
; of the South, to carry out their unpatriotic, if not
, treasonable designs. They would, by such de-
, cision at this time, I fear, be able to excite preju-
dice, and mislead the people, and the ball might
- rebound. It would not be a settlement of the
question, but would occasion renewed and more
violent agitation. - Sir, I believe it would be the
part of true wisdom and patriotism not to decide
or to attempt to decide this question at this ses-
sion, even if we could decide it. 1,would advise
the South in all sincerity that if they had the power
at this session to organize these territorial govern-
ments,and expressly repudiate the Wilmot proviso
in the law establishing the governments, it would
still be the part of wisdom to postpone such decis-
