1849.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
589
30th Cong 2d Sess.
New Mexico and California—Mr. Dir.
New Sehies No. 19.
sort, to raise a question which, if it is'likely to be
acted upon against the rights of the State of Texas,
will, in all probability, consume the remainder of
the time allotted to us for the passage of this bill.
Mr. President,, the rights of Texas are well-
founded. There are but two claimants to the ter-
ritory east of the Rio Grande. There is but one
regularly-organized claim to it, and that is the
claim of the State of Texas; she has a regular
claim. There is a different claim, however, started
here—not by the Government, nor by a single
constituted authority of the United States—for the
purpose of appropriating it to the United States.
This claim has only been set up here incidentally.
The President of the United States, and the Gov-
ernment of the United States, have always and
uniformly recognized the rights of Texas.
Then, sir, it. is due to Texas, according to the
terms of the joint resolution by which she was
adopted into this Confederacy, if this Government
is disposed to keep her faith to Texas, that this
question should be settled here as between Texas
and the Government of the United States, and not
slighted over as between Texas and a Territory,
or a State which is hereafter to come into the
Union. Under such circumstances, I do not ap-
prehend that the amendment of the honorable Sen-
ator from Kentucky will be allowed to pass. I
have stood here,ever since I had the honor to takf
a seat in this body, ready upon any and all occa-
sions to defend the rights of Texas, and shall here-
after, whenever this question may be presented,
be found ready still to defend them.
•Mr. WEBSTER. Mr. President, I do not mean
to say whether Texas has a just claim to the ex-
tent stated by her representatives or not. It is far
from my purpose on this occasion to give any vote
which shall have a bearing, one way or the other,
on that question. I shall not, certainly, vote for
the amendment of the honorable member from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Walker,] because it implies the
right of Texas to the country east of the Rio
Grande. Nor shall I vote for the amendment of
the honorable member from Kentucky, [Mr. Un-
derwood,] because it purports, or may be implied
to deny that right. Sir, are we now prepared, on
an inappropriate, incongruous, alien proposition,
to amend a bill for the civil and diplomatic service
of the Government, to go into that great question—
the boundary of Texas ? Far be it from me to give
any vote on any such collateral question as this,
touching that great and important interest. I shall
vote against the amendment of the honorable mem-
ber from Kentucky; I shall vote against the amend-
ment of the honorable member from Wisconsin,
" nequi teneo, nequi refellor." This is no occasion
to settle a question so important to one of the States
of this Union, and so important to the whole Union
itself.
Mr. UNDERWOOD: Mr. President, I do not
intend to detain the Senate by an argument. I rise
for the purpose of stating the object which I had
in view in offering the amendment. This amend-
ment, if it has any effect at all, will strengthen the !
proposition before the Senate. Do Senators ex-
pect that this question of settling the boundaries of
the State of Texas-can be acted upon by the other
branch of Congress ? If we pass the amendment,
as it now stands, will it not be an expression of
the opinion that the Rio Grande is the true bound-
ary of Texas? Unquestionably it will have that
effect. , It will have the effect of embarrassing this
measure ifit gets to the other branch of Congress.
I am not at all surprised that the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Webster] will not vote for
my amendment, because, if it prevails, it will make
the proposition stronger, and he has already noti-
fied us that he would not vote for any such prop-
osition in any shape. I desire to give a govern-
ment to California without any embarrassment in
relation to the boundary of Texas. 1 will not fur-
ther delain the Senate.
Mr. Underwood's amendment was not agreed
to.
The question then re'eurred on the original
amendment of Mr. Walker, as modified by Mr.
Berrie.y, and resulted as follows:
YHAS—Messrs. Atclinon, Bell, Berrien, Borland, Butler,
Davis ol Mississippi, Dickinson, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas,
Downs, Fitzgerald, Fitzpatnek, Foote, Uannegan, Houston,
Hunter, Joluisnn of L< iu i-Mtiu, .Tolmson of Georgia, King,
Man nm, Mnson, Rusk, Sebastian, Sturgeon, Turney, Un-
deiwood, Walker, Westeott, and Yulee—&). _
19
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atberton, Badger, Baldwin, Brad-
bury, Bright, Cameron, Clarke, Uorwiii, Davis of Massa-
chusetts, Dayton, Dix, DoJ«e of Wisconsin, Feleh, Greene,
Hale, Hamlin, Johnson of Maryland, June®, Miliar- Niles,
l^arcfi, Phelps, Spruance, Upliatn, Wales, and Webster—
So Mr. Walker's amendment was adopted, the
Senate sitting as in Committee of the Whole.
Wednesday, February 28, 1849.
The Civil and Diplomatic Appropriation Bill having been
reported to the Senate from tne Committee of the Whole,
and the question being on concurring in the amendment of
Mr. Walklh in relation to the Territories acquired from
Mexico—
_ Mr. D1X said: I regret to be under the neces-
sity of asking the indulgence of tfic Senate at this
late period of the session!; but Lfee! it my duty to
make some remarks upo§ the amendment offered
by the Senator .from Wi|con|?n, [Mr. Walker,]
and the general subject tojwhi'ch it relates. I regret
also to be under the necessity of discussing the
question of providing a g^v^rnment for California,
m the form under which if is presented to us—m
an amendment to an appropriation bill. Inde-
pendently of this objection, 1 have considered it
from the beginning a measure of too great import-
ance to be disposed of in this incidental manner.
The proposition of the Senator from Tennessee,
[Mr. Bell,] also in the form of an amendment to
this bill, was almost ruled out of this body, upon
the ground that it was incongruous and out of
place. It received in the end but four votes. I
consider this amendment equally irrelevant and
misplaced.
The amendment of the Senator from ^Fennessee
proposed to admit California and New Mexico
into the Union as a State. The amendment of the
Senator from Wisconsin arms the President with
extraordinary powers to govern these territories.
On the score of congruity, in respect io the gen-
eral purposes of the bill upon which they were
proposed to be ingrafted, I see no difference be-
tween them; and I do not understand how one i
proposition should be resisted on the ground that ,
it is incongruous, and the other entertained as un- |
objectionable in this respect. Although I did not i
concur in the propriety of the proposition of the j
Senator from Tennessee, and although I considered "j
his argument not very happily adjusted to the j
conclusion it aimed to enforce, yet 1 must say that
I decidedly prefer his proposition to the one before
us. I would rather admit California and New
Mexico into the Union as a State, wholly unfit as
I think they are, than to aim the President with
despotic powers to govern them; not from any
distrust of the individual by whom those poweis
would be exercised, but because I consider such a
.delegation of authority to any individual utterly
indefensible.
The proposition of the Senator frofa Tennessee
| is disposed of, and I have therefore not a word to
j say in respect to it. But there are three other
! propositions before this body: first, the bill intro- jj
| duced by the Select Committee, of which the Sen- jj
! ator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] is chairman; ;|
| second, the amendment of the Senator from Wis- ;j
j consin, now under immediate consideration; and ;j
! third, the territorial bill which was received from j]
the House yesterday, and referred to the Commit- |j
tee on Territories this morning. The first creates ji
a State out of a portion of California, and admits ji
it into the Union; it also creates the State of New ;j
Mexico in futuro, and leaves it out of the Union. ||
The amendment of the Senator from Wisconsin '!
vests in the President all the power which a State ;l
or territorial government ought to possess over \i
both territories. It authorizes him to prescribe |j
and establish all proper and needful rules and reg- ;
ulations, in conformity with the Constitution of1,
the United States, to carry into operation the laws
referred to in the first part of the proposition, for j
the preservation of order and tranquillity, and the
establishment of justice therein, [not an executive,
butacieative power,] and from time to time to
modify or change said rules and regulations, in
such manner as may seem to him desirable and
proper. It authorizes him to establish offices, and
to appoint and commission officers, for such terms
as he may think proper, and to fix their compen-
sation. it is literally arming him with dictatorial
powers, it appeais to me to delegate to him,
nearly in the language of the Constitution, the
power under which the authority to establish gov-
ernment for the territories has been claimed.
And, sir, if the President elect, on taking into his
handg the reins of government, should find him-
self, in respect to the States, a less absolute ruler
than he was at the head of his army, he will, in
respect to these tenitories, be amply indemnified
for any diminution of authority he may have sus-
tained by exchanging a military for a civil station.
He will find himself in the possession of larger
powers than he ever before possessed I repeat,
my objection is not founded on any distrust of the
•ndividual by whom these powers are to be exer-
cised. I believe him to possess honestyand truth,
the highest ornaments of exalted station. But I
will not consent to delegate to any individual,
whatever confidence I may have in him, the pow-
ers this amendment proposes to confer—"mighty
powers," as the mover himself pronounced them.
I forbore, Mr. President, to take any part in the
debate while the Senate was in Committee of the
Whole, except to urge that all such amendments
might be withdrawn. 1 forbore to make any prop-
osition, by way of amendment, to that offered by
the Senator fiom Wisconsin, because I believed
all such propositions to be out of place. But when
this amendment had been adopted by a deliberate
vote of the Senate, I prepared a bill—a full territo-
rial bill—with a view to establish a government in
California, on the basis of law, with powers clearly
defined for the governing, and rights clearly de-
fined for the governed. When the territorial bill
was received yesterday from the House, I resolved
not to offer mine as an amendment to the bill be-
fore us, extremely averse as I am to all of these
propositions, in the manner in which they are pre-
sented. But I hold a territorial government the
only proper one to be created for these territories,
under a system like ours, excepting for the meiest
temporary purposes. The objcct of the amend-
ment of the Senator from Wisconsin is more than
temporary, whatever its language may import. It
has no limitation in point'of time. The powers it
confers are equally unlimited m scope and dura-
tion. And, Mr. President, I am constrained to
say, with all deference to the majority of the Sen-
ate, that I consider it the most objectionable prop-
osition I have been required to vote upon since I
have been a member of this body.
Precedents have been cited to sustain this amend-
ment. one in the case of Florida, and the other in
that of Louisiana. Now, sir, let me refer to dates
to see how far the precedents are applicable to it.
The treaty with Spain for the cession of Florida
was ratified here on the 22d of February, 1819,
and it was to be ratified in six months, or sooner
if possible, by the King of Spain. This was the
short session of Congress; and the six months
would have brought us to the 22d August, 181-9,
when Congress was not in session. The act of the
3d March of that year was therefore passed, autho-
rizing the President to take possession of the terri-
tory. It was to expire at the end of the next ses-
sion of Congress. But the treaty was not ratified
by the King of Spain until the 24th of October,
1820, and I believe Florida was not taken posses-
sion of under this act at all. The treaty as ratified
by Spain was sent to the Senate on the 14th Feb-
ruary, 1821, as the ratification was not within the
time limited. It was ratified by the Senate on the
19th February of that year. The act of the 3d
March, 1821, was then passed, reenacting substan-
tially the act of 3d March, 1819. This was also
to expire at the close of the next session of Con-
gress. The Senator from New Jersey stated that
Florida was governed about thrfee years under the
act of 1819. Am I mistaken?
Mr. DAYTON. Two years.
Mr. D1X. The territorial government of Flor-
ida, as I have stated, was established on the 30th
March, 1822, one year and twenty-seven days
after the passage of the last act authorizing the
President to take possession of the territory.
The Louisiana treaty was ratified by the Senate
on the 20th October, 1803. An act was passed on
the 31st of the same month, eleven days after-
wards, authorizing the President to take posses-
sion of the territory; and this act-was to ex-
pire at the closcof the same session of Congress.
On the 26th March, 1S04, a territorial government
was established, to take effect the 1st October,
1804. The power was exercised in this case eleven
