292
APPENDIX TO. THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 28,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
New Mexico and California—Mr. Dix.
Senate.
Slavery, I believe, was never originally estab-
lished by law in any State in this Union, nor was
it 30 established in the British colonies in Americ^.
The relation of master and slave, in modern times
and in civilized States, usually springs up in the
transactions of commerce, without positive author-
ity, and the law afterwards comes in to regulate
4t. It was so in the American colonies. It is a
curious fact, that the same year (1620) which wit-
nessed the landing of the Pilgrims on the Kock of
Plymouth saw the first ship enter the waters of
the Chesapeake bay and the James.river with Af-
ricans to be sold into slavery. It is still more
curious that the ship freighted with freemen and
th,e ship freighted with slaves commenced their
voyages from the same country—Holland. In the
same year the monopoly of the London company
was overturned, and the commerce of the colony
of Virginia was thrown open to free competition.
The introduction of slaves into that colony was
one of the first fruits of this commercial freedom;
not necessarily, but as one of those incidents which
the chances of life bring with them to illustrate its
uncertainties and its contradictions. Thejre was
no law in Virginia at that time authorizing the
existence of slavery; nor was there any such law
■ in England. It gained a foothold without law.
Indeed, the early enactments of the colony of Vir-
ginia had for their objects to restrain the introduc-
tion of slaves, and to lirfiit the control of their
masters over them. Before the Revolution, she
petitioned the British king to sanction the meas-
ures she had adopted for the suppression of the
• slave trade. The appeal was vain. It was the
interest of British traders, who derived a merce-
nary profit'from this detestable traffic, that it should
continue; and, down to the period of the Revolu-
tion, every effort on the part of Virginia and the
other colonies to put a stop to it was fruitless.
Slavery was thus forced upon us by Great Britain;
we are not responsible for its origin. In the North
it has been abolished; in the South, peculiar cir-
cumstances have continued it in existence. I make
no inquiry into those circumstances, or their neces-
sary influence upon the result. The responsibil-
ity which rests upon us is to see that it is not fur-
ther "extended; that it shall not, as far as depends
on us, be planted where it has never existed, or
where it has been abolished.
. After the termination of the war with Great Brit-
• ain, when the American colonies, to use the lan-
guage of the Declaration of Independence, had
" assumed among the Powers of the earth the
equal and separate station to which the laws of
Nature and of Nature'3 God entitled them," the at-
tention of the great men of the country was turned
to the subject of slavery; not only with a view to
its exclusion from the unoccupied portions of the
neither slavery nor involuntary servitude in any of the said
States otherwise than in punishment oi crimes whereof the
party shall have been duly convicted to have been personally
guilty." [Appendix, No. 2.]
I am happy to have had it in my power to refer
this declaration to the author of an earlier declara-
tion in favor of human freedom—I mean that of
our independence—and to have found it in his own
handwriting. Without this testimony, no one could
doubt, on reading the whole paper, that it was
written by him. It contains internal evidences of
authorship which, to any one familiar with his
style of composition and his peculiarity of thought,
must be conclusive. Let it be known henceforth
as the Jefferson proviso. As such, it will at least
escape the imputation of selfish motives, from
which, in the prevailing heat of party contention,
no follower in the same field can hope lo be exempt,
however unjustly they may be attributed to him.
I have already said that this proposition failed for
the want of a single vote. It was renewed in 1785
by Rufus King, then representing the State of ■
Massachusetts, and it was referred to a committee, j
though it was not finally acted upon at that time. ]
The reference was made by the votes of eight States
out of eleven present, one State being absent, and
another represented by asingledelegate,and there-
fore not entitled, according to the Articles of Con-
federation, to vote. [Appendix, No. 3.]
Thus things remained until 1787, when the ordi-
nance of that year was passed establishing a gov-
ernment for the Northwestern Territory, and pro-
hibiting slavery within it forever, except for crimes.
This ordinance was reported by a committee of
which Mr. Edward Carrington, of Virginia, was
chairman, and Mr. Nathan Dane, of Massachusetts,
a leading member. It received the votes of all the
States present. It was a unanimous vote as to
States, and unanimous, with a single exception,as
to delegates. There were only eight States pres-
ent, viz: Massachusetts, New York, New Jersey,
Delaware, Virginia, North Carolina, South Car-
olina, and Georgia. The five absent Slates were
New Hampshire, Connecticut, Rhode Island,
Pennsylvania, and Maryland. The four first—
.New Hampshire, Connecticut, Rhode Island, and
Pennsylvania—voted for Mr. Jefferson's proviso
in 1784, and Maryland voted to refer Mr. King's
proposition in 1785. [Appendix, No. 4.]
Thus, I think, it may be fairly asserted that if
all the States had been represented in Congress,
the vote would have been equally unanimous. The
ordinance would have been adopted by the votes
of the thirteen States.
The South united with the North in excluding
slavery from this territory. It was a unanimous
verdict of the whole country against the extension
of slavery. It was the first great movement of
Union, but with aviewto itsextinction in theStates ;! our revolutionary fathers to rid themselves of the
whereat exited. The definitive treaty of peace ![ responsibility and the country of the evil of sla-
with Great Britain, acknowledging our independ-
ence, was signed in September, 1783. In March,
1784, Mr. Jefferson introduced into the Congress
of the Confederation a plan of a temporary gov-
ernment for the territory northwest of the Ohio
river, containing a provision abolishing slavery
after the year 1800 in that territory, now com-
prising the States of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Mich-
igan, and Wisconsin.
The anti-slavery clause received the votes of six ji
States out of the ten present m Congress. Under !!
the Articlesof Confederation the delegates voted by
very. And 1 take great pleasure in awarding to a
southern man (Thomas Jefferson) the conception
of this great measure of justice and humanity.
While the Congress of the Confederation, sitting
in New York, was framing the ordinance of 1787,
the Federal Convention sitting in Philadelphia was
framing the Constitution of the United States.
While the former body was devising measures for
the exclusion of slavery from the Northwestern
Territory, the latter was engaged in providing for
the suppression of the African slave trade. Thus,
the representatives of the newborn Republic, legis-
States; and by the same_ Articles a majority of the || iating for the old Government, and framing a new
thirteen States was requisite to carry any proposi- j| system for the better administration of their com-
tion. Mr. Jefferson's proposition, having received |j mon concerns—sitting in different places, and act-
only six votes, was not adopted. i, ing in separate capacities—were jointly engaged
I hold in my hand, Mr. President, acopy ofhis j in eradicating what they considered a great public ,
plan for a temporary government for theNorfh- ; evil and reproach. While the former declared j
west Territory, made from the original, which I ■> that slavery should thenceforth be forever prohib-
found a few weeks ago, among the archives of the ji ited in the Northwestern Territory, the latter vir- i
Confederation, in the State Department, where j' tually declared (though tn the form of a restriction i
they are deposited. [Appendix, No. 1.] The ori- i on the exercise of a power) the American slave
ginal is in the clear, careful handwriting of Mr. ;i trade should cease after the year 1807. It would 1
Jefferson; and it settles the question of authorship. have been abolished at once but for the opposition ,
It divides the territory into ten States instead of ,i oi South Carolina and Georgia, the only States
five, as was finally determined; and it contains the ii which were at that time desirous of continuing it. :
anti-slavery clause to which I have referred, and jj 'In the Federal Convention Virginia was among
which has heretofore been attributed to him. I !; the foremost in her opposition to the slave trade. '
will read it for the information of the Senate. Like ji Madison, and Mason, and Randolph were distin-
some other propositions of a kindred character, ij guished for the ability and zeal with which they 1
a Er e> 11 ,s m t'ie ^orm a proviso: jj advocated its immediate suppression. Tfiey were
"After the year 1800 of the Christian era, there shall be !i Unwilling to wait twenty years for its abolition. ■
But their efforts were unavailing; and, for fear
South Carolina and% Georgia would not come into
the Union, a compromise was agreed on, and the
traffic was tolerated until 1808. On the first day
of January of that year, the very first day Con-
gress had power to make its prohibition effective,
the slave trade was abolished forever by an act
passed ten months before.
I have stated these historical details, Mr. Presi-
dent, for the purpose of showing two facts: 1. That
the policy of the founders of the Republic was to
get rid of slavery, by preventing its extension, and
by suppressing the African slave trade; and 2.That
some of the southern States were among the fore-
most in advocating both measures, with a view to
the accomplishment of the^ultimate object. One
of the avowed objects of the abolition of the slave
trade was to prevent the extension of slavery into
the Territories. The same policy prevailed for
many years. The inhabitants of the Northwest
Territory, or a portion of it, (that portion, I be-
lieve, which now constitutes the States of Indiana
and Illinois,) petitioned Congress for the privilege
of importing slaves from the States; and they had
sufficient influence to obtain two reports in favor
of a temporary suspension of the sixth article of
the ordinance of 1787. " But their prayer was not
granted. The inhabitants of Louisiana, before
the abolition of the slave trade, petitioned for the
privilege of importing slaves. Their prayer was
denied. Wherever Congress bad the power, it
; was exercised to prevent the extension of slavery
beyond the States and Territories in which it ex-
isted.
I have always been opposed to interference with
slavery where it exists. The Federal Government
has no control over it, directly or indirectly, within
the limits of the States. It is a civil relation over
which they have exclusive jurisdiction. It must
ever rest with them to determine whether it shall
be continued or abolished within their limits. But
it is not so with the Territories. Congress has
always exercised the power of regulating their
civil as well as their political relations. The ter-
ritorial governments are the creatures of federal
legislation; they have no powers except such «s
are conferred on them by Congress. Congress
stands to the inhabitants of the Territories in the
relation in which the State Legislatures stand to
the people of the States. The power of regulating
the internal concerns of the inhabitants of the Ter-
ritories has been exercised under every adminis-
tration since the adoption of the Constitution.
Sir, I hold the exercise of this power for the
exclusion of slavery from California and New
Mexico to be even of higher obligation than it was
in respect to the Northwestern Territory. Slavery
existed in that Territory at the time the ordinance
of 1787 was framed and passed. The tenure of
slaves owned by the inhabitants of the Territory
] and held within it was sanctioned by the courts,
j The prohibition was construed to extend only to
persons born or brought into the Territory subse-
quently lo the adoption of the ordinance.
The situation of California and New Mexico is
entirely different. Mexico long since abolished
slavery throughout her limits. The abolition was
first publicly proclaimed by President Guerrero in
1829, in pursuance, as the decree declares, of ex-
;| traordinary powers vesied in him. It was again
jj declared to be abolished by an act of the sovereign
j! Congress in 1837,and again by the constitution of
jj 1844. Though, as a nation, but imperfectly civil-
i ized, struggling.against the embarrassments of bad
i government,and distracted by internal dissensions,
11 arising, in a great degree, out of the heterogeneous
j, character of her population, Mexico has, neverthe-
! placed her institutions on the broad founda-
, tion of human liberty, by declaring all within her
|; limits to be free.
!; To permit slavery to be carried into California
and New Mexico would be to annul this declara-
■ tion, and to reestablish slavery where it has been
i abolished. I cannot consent to any settlement of
' this question which can by possibility have such
. a result.
Mr. BERRIEN". I desire to inquire of the Sen-
■ ator from New York if he intends to assert that the
proclamation of President Guerrero was issued u n-
: derany power specially delegated to-him in refer-
' ence to this subject?
; Mr. DIX. i will answer the Senator with pleas-
