1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
293
30th Cong 2d Sess.
New Mexico and California—Mr. Dix.
Senate.
ure. I take the decree as t find it. I said that the
first public declaration was made by President
Guerrero in 1829, in pursuance, as his decree stated,
of extraordinary powers conceded to him. I am
under no obligation to inquire further in relation
to the matter, or to look behind the act for the
authority on which it was founded.
Mr BERRIEN. I ask the question with a view
of ascertaining whether the Senator was disposed
to contend that slavery was abolished in New
Mexico by virtue of any other power than this
proclamation?
Mr. DIX. I suppose it was abolished by virtue
of the authority on which the decree was made. I
have the decree, and will read it, if the Senator
from Georeia desires it.  
Mr. BERRIEN. The Senator is not aware,
perhaps, of the fact, that the power granted to the
President was given him for the purpose of repell-
ing invasion, and had no other object. I would
propound another question: If slavery was abol-
ished by force of the proclamation of President
Guerrero, in 1829, what slavery remained in Mex-
ico to be abolished by the act of the sovereign
Congress, and whence did the sovereign Congress
derive the power to do that which belonged to the
municipal authorities of the several States ex-
clusively?
Mr. DIX. I prefer not to answer the inquiry
of the Senator; it will require a diversion from the
course of my remarks, which I do not care to make.
[See Appendix, No. 5.] I repeat—the first public
declaration that slavery was abolished was made in
1829; the next by the Congress of 1837; and they
were virtually reaffirmed by the constitution of
1844. I do notdesign now to go beyond the limits of
these executive, legislative, and constitutional acts,
to inquire into the authorities upon which they
rested. I stated, when I was interrupted, that the
cffect of carrying slavery into California would be
to subvert the prohibition contained in these acts.
This is the first great objection. The second is,
that it would be unjust to the community at large,
by promoting the multiplication of a race which
adds neither to the intellectual nor physical power
of the body politic, and which excludes free labor
as far as it extends the labor of slaves. I consider
this one of the greatest objections to it. It should
be our object to promote, in every constitutional
mode, the extension of free labor, and the most
effectual is to devote the unoccupied spaces of the
West to "the white race. The third objection is,
that it would be unjust to California and New
Mexico. They have no slaves. 'I believe I am
authorized to say, they d.esii"e none.
Mr. FOOTE. I would inquire of the Senator
from New York, if he considers that any injustice*
will result to California and New Mexico, by al-
lowing the people of those territories to do with
this matter as they please?
Mr. DIX. I am in favor of doing what the
fathers of the Republic did in relation to the North-
western Territory—of preventing the extension to
California of what they consideied, and what I
consider, a great evil. If we carry slavery into
New Mexico and California, we shall do it against
the wishes of the people there. They have np
slaves now, and we should plant slavery where it
does not exist. We should stand before the world
in the same relation in which Great Britain stood
to her American colonies. She allowed slavery to
be carried into those colonies against their wishes,
and, in some instances, against .their earnest re-
monstrances.
The introduction of slavery into California and
New Mexico, as I conceive, would b^ the more
indefensible, as there is nothing in the soil and
climate wh ich renders the labor of the African race
necessary—npthing that makes it unsafe or oppres-
sive for whites to be employed m productive indus-
try under any of its forms. New Mexico consists,
for the most part, of mountains, with narrow val-
leys between, which require to be watered by arti-
ficial means. There is no need of the African race.
A large portion of California is elevated and broken.
It yields nothing to the production of which slave
labor is even claimed to be indispensable. Much of
the value of that Territory consists m the maritime
valley which lies on the Pacific. It is about five
hundred miles long, and one hundred and fifty wide,
with an area of some seventy-five thousand square
miles. The breezes from the Pacific moderate the
temperature, and the mountains on the east, rising
to the height of thousands of feet, collect and pre-
cipitate the moisture of .the atmosphere, and pour
it down in fertilizing streams into the valley below.
It is said by Fremont to bear a strong resemblance
to Italy in soil, climate, and capacity for produc-
tion. It is perhaps the finest region of the same
extent in the western hemisphere. The vine, the
olive, and the fig, the infinite variety of fruits and j
grains which are produced within the tropics, are
to be found in California. Nature has, in a word,
lavished upon it her choicest gifts. In the recent
discoveries of gold, there is much to be deplored.
Let us hope that it will soon become exhausted,
and that the steady pursuits of agricultural, com-
mercial, and mechanical industry, by which alone
nations are made prosperous, may constitute the
sole objects of application. There is no need of
blacks in California; the white race can labor there
without difficulty. The productions are such as
to require the care and intelligence of the more
intellectual race. It would be a perversion of the
purposes of nature, in more senses than one, to
carry slaves there.
I believe this will be the effect of the amendment ,
of the Senator from Wisconsin, but not by virtue j
of any right conferred by the Constitution. I do
not acknowledge the existence of any such right. 1
speak of practical effects. Slaves have been carried,
and always will be carried, wherever they are not
prohibited. Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and Missouri
are in the same range of States. The fortieth par-
allel of latitude diyides them all. The influences
of soil and climate are much the same in each.
From the first three slavery has been excluded by
the ordinance of 1787. The last has been overrun
with slavery for want of a prohibition. The fate
of California in this respect, will be settled by sim-
ilar laws. I believe we shall by the amendment
under consideration lay the foundation of a contest
among the inhabitants of California far more disas-
trous than their present disorganization. I hold it
to be our duty to settle this question ourselves, in-
stead of sending it out to the Pacific to distract our
countrymen in laying the foundation of a new,
government. . I
I have but one more consideration to present in j
connection with this topic; and I submit whethei j
this ought not to weigh much with us all ? When j
the war with Mexico was commenced we were ,
j charged with the intention of acquiring territory j
with a view to carrying slaves into it. The charge
! was denied. "We repelled the imputation as doing
i injustice to our motives. Yet, in the very first at-
i tempt to establish a government for that teiritory,
the right is insisted upon—the purpose is confessed.
Whether the Mexican Government was aware of
this imputation I do not know; but, in the negoti-
ation with Mr. Trist, the Mexican commissioners
wished us to stipulate not to carry slavery into the
territory which was proposed to be ceded.
Mr. FOOTE. Will the honorable Senator from
New York allow me to propound a question to
S him? That question is this: Who, from the South,
i either here or elsewhere, has avowed any such
Had southern Senators insisted upon
: purpose.'     . ,
I anything but that Congress shall not Legisla e on j
| the subject of slavery in the territories at all?- Wave j
we asked Congress to legislate for themtrodueuon j
i of slavery, or"avowed any purpose of doing any- !
j thing except to resist unconstitutional encioacfc- j
1 m e n t ? I
j jyi,.', DIX. I was speaking of an avowed pur- ,
1 pose to cairy slaves into California; and 1 thought |
1 I understood the Senator from Mississippi not
only as asserting the right, but as supporting Ills
S argument by contending that a portion ot the coun-
! trv was likely to become a slaveholdmg region.
! Mr. FOOTE. I said this, on that point: It is
: well known that slavery is adapted toonyas™
i! portion of this territory. Believing-dus to be the
case I urtfed that the moderation and torbeaiance ,
of the South, in order to establish a ^ t°rial ;
emment affording protection to the pcop- e ofthese ^
territories, is strikingly exhibited in her !
her right,-in^.ny shape or form, to be authoi.zed ,
specially by law to carry slaves there. We ask j
nothing but to be let alone. . >
Mr. DIX. I cannot consent to go into this dis- j
cussion now. 1 said, that whether the Mexican .
Government was aware of the imputation
upon us, I did not know; but that in the negotia-
tion with Mr. Trist, the Mexican commissioners
wished us to stipulate that we should not allow
slavery to be established in any territory, they
should cede to us. I will read a brief extract from
a letter addressed by Mr. Trist to Mr. Buchanan
upon this subject, while the negotiation was pend-
ing. It is dated the 4th September, 1847, and is
contained in a document, printed by order of the
Senate:
"Among the points' which came under discussion was
the exclusion of slavery from all territory which should pass
from Mexico. In'the course of theirremarks on the subject,
T was told that if it were proposed to the people of the United
States to part with a portion of their territory in order that
the Inr/uisition should be therein established, the proposal
could not excite stion^er feelings of abhorrence than those
awakened in Mexico by the prospect of the introduction of
slavery in any territory parted with by her."
I could make no comment on this correspond-
ence, if I were disposed, which would be half so
eloquent as the facts. These Mexicans, whom we
have been accustomed to consider half-civilized,
vanquished in the field, driven from their capital,
compelled to make peace with us almost on our
own terms, and forced to cede a portion of their
territory, implore us not to "carry slavery into it.
Sir, I ask how should we stand before the world,
liberal and enlightened as we .are, proclaiming to
mankind the principle of human liberty as one of
the inalienable rights of our race, if we were to
disregard these entreaties ?
Mr. MASON. Does the Senator refer to the peti-
tion which has been presented from New Mexico ?
Mr. DIX. No, sir, I refer to Mr. Trist's"nego-
tiation in Mexico, and the lepresentations made to
him during an interview with the Mexican com-
missioners.
Mr. RUSK. I wish to ask the honorable Sen-
ator whether he does not know that the Mexican
commissioners negotiated the treaty under the in-
fluence of an agent of the British Government?
Mr. DIX. I suppose there can be no doubt that
the treaty is in strict accordance with the feelings
and wishes of the Mexican people on this subject.
Their repeated declarations in respect to the aboli-
tion of slavery prove it, under whatever influences
the treaty may have been framed.
Mr. President, two years ago, when 1 first ad-
dressed the Seriate upon this subject, under the
instructions of the State of New York, I said that,
by no instrumentality of hers, should slavery be
earned into any portion of this continent which
is free. I repeat the declaration now: by no act,
by no acquiescence of hers, shall slavery be carried
where it does not exist. I said at the same time
that, in whatever manner this question should be
settled, if it should be decided against her views of
justice and right, her devotion to the Union and to
her sister States should remain unshaken and un-
impaired. Speaking in her name, and for the last
time witiiin these walls, I repeat this declaration
also. She does not believe in the possibility of
disunion. I am thankful that her faith is also
mine. My confidence is founded upon the disin-
terestedness of the great body of the people, who
derive their subsistence from the soil, and whose
attachment is strong in proportion to their close
communion with it. They have incorporated with
it the labor of their own hands. It has given them
back wealth and health and strength health to
enjoy and strength to defend what they possess.
! In'seasons of tranquillity and peace they are un-
i seen; too often, perhaps, forgotten; but it is in
j their silent and sober toil that the public prosperity
' is wrought out. It is only in the hour of peril
1 that they come forth from a thousand hills and
; valleys and plains to sustain with strong arms the
! country they have made prosperous. In them the
I Union will find its surest protectors. Ihey are too
I virtuous and too independent to be corrupted.
' They are spread over too broad a surface for the
work of seduction. It is in towns and public as-
semblies, where men are concentrated, tnat the
' tempter can with more assurance sit down, as or
• old, in the guise of friendship, and whisper into the
! unsuspecting or the willing ear the lesson of disobe-
; dience and treachery. From this danger the great
: body of the people are secure. And let us be as-
l' sured, that they will never permit the banner which
II floats over them at home, and carries their name
'• to every sea, to be torn down, either by internal
'1 dissension or external violence. .Such is my firm,
:: my unalterable conviction. But, if I am mistaken
