APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 28,
30th Cong 2i> Sess.
New Mexico and California—Mr. Dix.
Senate.
. in all this—if the spangled field it bears aloft is
destined to be broken up—then my prayer will be,
that the star which represents New York in the
constellation of States may stand fixed until every
(ither shall'have Fallen!
APPENDIX—No. 1.
The following is a copy of Mr. Jefferson's plan:
The committee appointed to prepare a plan for the tempo-
rary government of the Western Territory, have" agreed lo
tile fallowing resolutions:
Resolved, That the territory ceded or to Vie ceded by-indi-
vidual States' to thd United States, whensoever the same
shall have been purchased of the Indian inhabitants, and
offered tbr sale by the United States, shall be formed into
distinct States, bounded in the following mannei, as nearly
as such cessions will admit—that is to say: north vvaidlj and
southwardly by parallels of latitude, so that each State shall
comprehend, from south to north, two degrees of latitude,
beginning tocouritfrom the completion of thirty-one degrees
north of the equator: but any territory northwardly of the
forty-seventh degree shall make part of the State nev:t below;
and eastwardJy and wpstwa^dly {hey shall be bounded, those
on the Mississippi by that river on one side, and the meridian
of the lowest point of the rapids ot Ohio on the other; and
those adjoining on the cast by the same meridian on their
western side, and on their eastern by the meridian ot the
western cape of the mouth of the Great Kanawha; and the
territory eastward of this last meridian, between the Ohio,
Lake Erie, and Pennsylvania, shall be one State.
That the settlers wttftin the territory so to he purchased
and offered for sale, shall, either on their own petition, or
ou the order of Congress, receive authority from them, with
appointments of time and place for their tree males, of lull
age, to meet together for the purpose of establishing a tem-
porary government, to adopt the constitution and laws of
anyone of these States, £.0 that such lawsncverthele^ shall
be subject to alteration by their ordinary legislature; and to
erect, subject to a like alteration, counties or townships tor
the election of members for their legislature.
That such temporary government shall only continue in
force in any State until it shall have acquired twenty thou-
sandfreeinhabttants; whej , giving due proot then 01 to Con-
gress, they shall receive from them authomy, w ith appoint-
ments of time and place, to call a convention ot repre^cnia
ttves to.establish a permanent constitution and government
for themselves : Provided, That both the temp-u-asy and per-
manent governments he established on these principles as
their basis: 1 [That they shall forever lemain a part 01 the
United States of America;] 2. That, 111 their p Tsons, prop-
erty, and territory, they $hnl) be subject to the Government
of the United Stares in Congress assembled, and to the Arti-
cles of Confederation m all those cases in whi< btheongin-
al States shall be so subject; 3. That they snail be subject
to pay a part of the Federal debts contracted or lo be con-
tracted, to be apportioned on them by Congress according to
the same common rule and measure by which appoition-
ments thereof shall be made on the other estates; 4. That
their respective governments <-hall he in republican forms,
and shall admit" no person to be a citizen who holds any
hereditary title; 5. That alter the year lfcGO of the Christian
era there shall be neither slavery nor involuntary servitude
in any of the said States, otherwise than in puui-hinent 0!
crimes, whereof the paity shall have been duly convicted to
have been personally guilty.
That whensoever any or the said State« shall have, of free
inhabitants, as many as shall then be 111 any one ol the least
numerous of the thirteen original Sure?-, &ut h Stau, shall be
/ admitted by its delegates into the Uongn^-; ot the United
States ori an equal footing w ith the said ong'nnl States : alter
which the as-ent of two-thirds of the United States in Con-
gress assembled shall he requisite 111 al! iho-e cases wheteiu,
by the Confederation, the assent ot nine States is now in-
quired : PiOvUed,, The consent of nine States to such admis-
sion may be obtained according to ihe eleventh of the Articles
of Confedeiation. Until such admission, by their d^kgates
into Congress, any of the said States, after the establishment
of their temporary government, shall have authority to keep ;
•- a sitting member in Congress, with right ol debating but not
of voting.
That the territory northward of the forty-fifth degree, that
is to say, of the completion of forty-fi^e degrees, from the
■ equator, and extending to ihe Lake of the Woods, shall be
called Sylvania.
That of the territory under the forty-fifth and fmty-fourih
degrees, that which lies westward ot Lake Michigan, shall
be callcd Michigakia; and that which is eastwaid thereof,
within the peninsula formed bv the lakes and waters ot
Michigan, Huron, St. Clair, and Erie, shall be called Cher-
ronesd's, and shall include any part of the peninsula which
may extend above the forty-fifth degiee.
Of the terntory under the forty-third and fort}-second de-
grees, that to the westward, thiough which the Ass"ni-ipi
or Hock river mns, shall be called Asslnisipia; and that to
the eastward, in which are the fountain-* of the ATn-kingum,
the tvvo Miamies ol the Ohio, the Wabash, the Illinois, the
Miami of the Lake, and Sandusky rivets, snail be called
IVlETROrOTAMIA.
Of the territory which he* under the forty-first and for-
tieth degree*, the western, through which the rjver Illinois
runs.-hali be called Ili.ixoia; that next adjoming to the east-
ward Saratooa; and that between this last and Pennvyl- ,
vama. and extending hom tiie Ohio to Lake Eiie, shah be 1
called W\shincton. j
Of thf. tenitory whic h lies under-the thiity-ninth and thir-
ty-eighth degree*, to which sdinlf ho added so much of the I
point of land within the fork of the Ohio and Msvq^-ippi as i
lies under th,v thirty-seventh degree, that to the westward, ,
within and adjacent to which are thf confluences- of the j
rivers Wabash, Shawanee, Tamssee, Ohm, Illinois, Mwms- |
sippi, and Missouri, shall be called Polypotamia; and that ,
to the eastward,further up the Ohio, otherwise called the*
Pehsipi, shall be called Pelisipia, i
That the preceding articles shall be formed into a charter
of compact, shall be duly executed by the President of the
United States^n Congiess assembled, under his hand and
the seal of the United States, shall be promulgated, and shall
stand as fundamental' constitutions between the thirteen
original Suites and those newly described, unalterable hut
by the jotntcensentofthe United States in Congress assem-
bled, and of the particular State within which such altera-
tion is proposed to be made.
This paper is endorsed as follows, in a different
handwriting, supposed to be that of a clerk:
"Report—Mr. Jefferson,
Mr. Chase,
Mr. Howell.
Temporary govcrnm t of Western Country,
Delivered X March, 3784,
Ent'd—Read—
March 3.
Monday next assigned for the consideration of this report.
March 17, 1784,
Recommitted."
Washikoton, February^, 1849.
I certify, that at the request of my lather, and with the
peimission of Mr. Buchanan, Secretary of State, the fore-
going copy of " a plan for the temporary government of the
Wesurn Territoiy" was made by me from the original, de-
posited in the State Department among the archive- ot the
Congress of the Confederation; and that I compared the
copy with the original, with the assistance of Lund Wash-
ington, Jr., Esq.,"and found it correct. MORGAN DIX.
APPEN D1 X-r-No. %
The following is the vote on the anti-slavery
clause of Jefferson, above given, April 19, 1784:
New Hampshire Mr. Foster, ay )
Mr. Blanchard, ay 5 y'
Massachusetts.... Mr. (Jerry, ay )
Mr. Patndge, ay ><y'
Rhode Island Mr. Ellen*, ay )
Mr. Howell, ayja'*
Connecticut Mr. Sherman, ay ?
Mr. Wadsworlh, ay >
New York Mi.-De Witt,  y£av
1^. Paine, ay ) y*
New Jersey Mr. Dick, "ay *
Pennsylvania Mr. Mifilin, ay 1
Mr. Montgomery, ay>ay.
Mi. Hand, a) >
Maryland Mr. McHenry, * no ) n_
Mr. Stone, no5no*
Virginia Mr. Jeficr-on, ay)
Mr. Hardy, no v no.
Mr. Mercer, no )
•North Carolina Mr. Williamson, ay > .
Mr. Spaight, no 5
South Carolina ....Mr. Road, no > nn
Mr. Beresford, no \
[Jottrnak of Congre$$, (Way <$* Gideon.) vol. 4, p. 373.]
APPENDIX—No 3.
The following is a copy of Mr. King's propo-
sition.
That there shall be neither slavery nor involuntary serv-
wude in any of the States described in the resolve of Con-
gress of the&Jd of Apui, J7S4, otherwise than in punishment
ol crimes whereof the party shall have been peisonally
guilty; and that this regulation shall be an article of com-
pact, and lemain a fundamental principle of the Constitu-
tion, between the thirteen original States and each of the
States described in the said resolve of the 23d ol April,
17e4."
On the question for commitment, the yeas and
nays being required by Mr. King, the vote was as
follows:
New Hampshire Mr. Foster, ay ?
Mr. Long, ay )
Massachusetts Mr. Holton, ay )
Mr. King, ay $ ay
Rhode Island Mr. Ellery, ay
Mi. Howell, ayjay"
Connecticut Mr. Cook, ay )
Mr. Johnson ay $
New York Mr. \V. Livingston, av /
Mr. Piatt, ay J a>''
New Jersey Mr. JBentty, ay 1
Mr. Carhvalader, ay ' ay.
Mr. Stewart, ay >
Pennsylvania.... Mr. Gardner, ay (,
Mr. W. Henry, ay $ dy*
Marjland /..Mr. Mcflenrs, no \
Mr. J. Henry, ay Say. :
Mr. Hmdinan, a> ) !
Virginia ..Mr. Hardy, no 1 !
Mr. Lee, no i no.
*' Mr. Grayson, ay) ;
Noith Carolina Mr. Spnight, 110 /
Mr. ^ugieaves, no )no' :
South Carolina Mr. Bull, no/ 1
Mr. Pmckney, , no$n0, !
Georgia Mr. Houston, no. ^
[Journals of Confess, rol 4. p. 461. ;
The vote was taken on the 16th March, 1785.
APPENDIX—No. 4.
The sixth article of the ordinance of 1787 is in-
serted here to show how far it conforms in fangua^e
to the anti-slavery proposition of Mr. Jefferson, in
1784, and thai of Mr. King, in 1785:
*< That there shali-be neither slavery nor involuntary servi-
tude in the said territory, otherwise than in the pottixhwent of
crimes whereof the party shall have been duly convicted:
Provided, alvHrtpy That any person escaping into the same,
from whom labor or service is lawfully claimed in any one
of the original States, sueh fugitive may be lawfully re-
claimed, and conveyed 10 the person claiming his or her labor
or service as aforesaid."
On the 13th July, 1787, the ordinanreof which the
above is a part was passed by the following vote:
Massachusetts  .Mr. Hoi ten,
Mr. Dane,
New York   *Mr. Smiin,
Mr. flaring,
Mr. Yates,
New Jersey      .Mr. Clarke,
Mr. Sheurinan.
Delaware ..   Mr. Kearny,
Mr. Mitchell,
Virginia Mr. Grayson,
b Mr. R. H. Lee
Mt. Carrington
North Carolina Mr. Blount,
^ Mr. Hawkins,
South Carolina Mr. Kean,
Mr. Hug'er,
Georgia T Mr. Few,
Mr. Pierce,
ay l ny.
ay $ '
ay l
ay v ay.
no )
ay!ay.
ay $ y
oy Jar-
ay £ ;
an
e, ay >
■n, ay>
ay
ay <
ay I
ay !
oy
«y
[Journals of Congress, vol. 4, p
ay.
ay. *
ay.
754.
* The asterisk opposite the name of Mr. Dick, of New Jer
sey, indicates lhat the vote was not counted, as a State could
not be represented by less than two member* or delegates. ■
(See section 2? art. 5, of the Articles of Confederation.) !
I APPENDIX—No. 5.
The answer which Mr. Dix declined making to
Mr. Berrien, from an unwillingness to be further
interrupted m the course of his remarks, he now
proceeds to give.
The decree of President Guerrero will be found,
, as indicated below, m the collection of laws and
decrees of the General Congress of Mexico, it is
. classed among the decrees made by the Govern-
ment by virtue of extraordinary powers, and the
original is m the following words:
ABOUCION DE LA ESCLAVITUD.
j El Pre*idente de los Estados Umdos Mejicanos a los habi-
] tantes de la repubhea, sabed :
i Q.ue deseando scnalar en el ago de J839, elaniversario de
i la iiidfcpendencia con un acio dejusuciay de bcuefieeneia
nacional que refluyia en benefieio y sosten de bien tan apre-
! ciable; que afiance mas y maslalranquihdad pubhea; que
coopere al enarandccimiento de la republican' que remiegre
k una parte desgraciado de sus habitants en los derechoj
sasrados que les' di6 naturaleza y proteje la nacion por leyes
gabiasy ju^ta«, conformc &. lo dispuesto por el art. SO, de la
j actacoustitnuva; usando de las lacultades extraordmarias
i que me est&n concedidas, he venido en decretar*.
I 1. Q,uedu abolida la eselaviiud en la repubhea.
! 0. S(">n por con&iguiente libres los que hasta hoy se habian
' considerado como eVclavos.
; 3. Cuando las circ-unstancii^ del erario lo permitan, se
j indemnizaiti a los piopictarios de esclavos en los teinunoa
! que di-pn^ie<en lasleycs.
i Mejico, 15 de Setiembre de 1829. A. D. Jos6 Maria de
' Bocaneirr.i. ^
! fColelcion de Lcyes y Decretos, etc., en los aSos de 1&29
y lt3J, pag. 147.]
[Translation.]
ABOLITION OF SLAVERY.
; The Presidentof the United Mexican States to the mhab-
k itants of the Republic:
; Debiting to signahzt, in the jear 1?*29, the anniversary of
Independence by an act of national justice and benefi'-ence,
1 which may tend to the benefit and support ol so important
a good; which may strengthen moie and more the public
. tranquillity; wmch may cooperate in the u^graii'h&i uk nt
ot the Republic: and which may restote to an unfortunate
portion of its inhabitants the sacred rights which nature
gave them, and the nation protected by wise and just laws,
m conformity to the provision ot the Uuth article of ihe con-
stitutive act; exercising the extraordinary "powtrs which
are conceded to mt, 1 do decree :
1. slavery is abolished in the Republic.
•2. Tho'-e who until to-daj have been considered slaves,
are consequently free.
3. When ti^ condition of the treasury will permit, the
: owners of the slave® will be indemnified m tlie maimer
which <-hall be provided for by law.
Mexico, 15tk September. lc^9. A. D.
JOSE MARIA DE BOCANT.GBA.
[Collection of Laws and Decrees, &.c., in*the ytarslBSO
and 1H30, page 1 i7.]
Tnc following addition, not contained in the above collec-
tion. will be found at page MT, of ihe American Annual
Register, of 1-^9, ^30:
And, tn ordi-r that the present decree may have its full
and enure execution. I oider it to be printed, published, and
circulated to all those whos e obhgaiioii is to have u ful-
filled. •
Given in the Federal Palace of Mexico, on the 1 oth of
September, ltfc'J. VlNtJKNTK GUKRlU'ltO.
j.ORENZO lil'i ZAVALA.
The publication of this decrce in the general
collection of the Laws and Decrees of Mexico
