APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 28,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
jVew Meocico and California—Mr. Dickinson.
Senate.
government, at some other time and under some
other circumstances, has been; and lest, too, more
power may be temporarily confided to the Presi-
dent than ordinarily would be prudent or desirable.
He tells-us this people mu^t pass through the pro-
cess of fermentation, to employ his own term, before
they will be qualified to discharge the duties of
citizens; and he proposes to encourage that process
by administering to them the ordinance- of 1787.
This, he seems to suppose, would at once put their
fermental qualities in motion, and carry off all
physical, irioi-al, and political impurities, and leave
them fitted to discharge understanding^ many, if
not all, the high functions of self-government.
They are now depressed and degraded, is the argu-
ment, and they must be raised, by the leaven of this
celebrated ordinance, from vice and barbarism and
ignorance to the highest privileges of freemen. By
its magic influences all shall then read, write,speak,
and understand our language and comprehend the
spirit of our institutions; and the avaricious aspi-
rations of the worshippers of Mammon, who are
digging for the root of ail evil upon the shores of
theSacramento, shall be chastened to the temper
and quiet of the most self-denying and orderly.
Empirics in medicine usually have some one infal-
lible remedy for all manner of diseases which afflict
our nature,-whether chronic or acute, whether, of
body or of mind, or howsoever originating or tend-
ing; and, I say it with becoming respect, disclaim-
ing all application of the remark except to a political
organization or class, the ordinance of I7d7 is by
some prescribed at all times and upon all occasions
as a catholicon for all political ills or embarrass-
ments to which society is heir.
But amongst the other propositions submitted
to the Senate have been those providing for the
admission of California as a State. One of these
has been before us. It was ably discussed and
fully considered, and was rejected, receiving only
four votes in its favor; and, although a duplicate
is yet upon our orders, no one proposes to revive
it, or to attempt the hopeless task of breathing into
it life. My colleague has, however, thought proper,
for reasons to me utterly incomprehensible, to ex-
hume the remains, and subject them in detail to a
post mortem examination—a process evidently dis-
tasteful to himself, and certainly unnecessary for '
the benefit of either dead or living. The propo-
sition is not before us in form or substance, in
whole or in part, and is not to be. Whenever it
or a like project is, it will be soon enough for me
to discuss it. It will be in season for me to justify
it whenever I propose to vote for it or sustain it;
but in the mean time i shall leave it to its repose,
and shall not permit objections, whether of form
or_ substance, whether leal or imaginary, taken
against that bill, to be urged against, argued into,
or interwoven with the provision under consid-
eration, for the purpose of raising a prejudice
against it, when the two are about as unlike as
they could be framed in the same language. Ac-
• customed to discuss the question before us, X can-
not consent to depart from my usual course. I
concede the victory over the dead bill, under the ]
circumstances, to be complete and triumphant, and J
as easy withal as was that of a distinguished war-
rior over his celebrated knights in buckiam.
He further informs us that he will not consent
to the dismemberment of California, or to play
towards New Mexico the part of Russia and other
Powers towards Poland! Nor will I; nor will I
ever consent to play towards our Territories the
part of Great Britain to the American /colonies !
And does he inform us who will do what he dis-
claims? Why,! inquire, this declaration here?
Is it pretended that this amendment proposes any
merger of the one or dismemberment of the other,
or anything of the kind ? Certainly not, for it
merely provides for the administration of law and
the preservation of order in the whole territory
acquired by the treaty, until Congress shall make
further and more ample provisions. If it is in-
tended to insinuate that those who favor this
amendment would either merge or dismember, the
remark is unjust. If a mere abstract declaration
of patriotism, quite well, but at least gratuitous.
But,sir,thefor-a-timeconcealed objection against
providing this temporary government has finally
had development, where I supposed it would, in
the agitation of the question of slavery. I listened
■with unfeigned pleasure to the startling appeals
against the danger of Executive power' and pa-
tronage which this amendment proposed to confer,
and to other criticisms of that class, well calculated
to interest the Senate and amuse the public. I
experienced a momentary gratification that some
other bugbear than the extension of slavery had
been brought out, and that some other dish than
black broth, was to be served up, and was ready to
exclaim with Macbeth, " take any other shape
than that." It soon, however, degenerated to the
same old cry, which, without having accomplished
one good or humane purpose, has for the last few
years arrested the legislation of Congress, and
served to array one section of the Union in strife
and bitterness against the other. Upon this mis-
erable question, which is all that has heretofore
prevented, and now prevents the organization of
these Territories, 1 propose a tew general consid-
erations; and that we may properly appreciate the
piesent, and have due regard for the future, we
should not be unmindful of the history of the past.
When a portion of these States were colonies
of Great Britain, that Government insisted upon
abolishing the colonial legislatures, and subjecting
our people, in matters that concerned their domes-
tic condition, to the legislation of Parliament; and
• the controversy which arose over this question,
more than any other, produced that revolution
which resulted in declaring the colonies to be free
and independent States. Mot only were they free
and independent of other Governments, but as in-
dependent of each other as they were of the gigantic
Power whose acknowledgment of independence
they had conquered. Although they had success-
fully struggled for liberty, by a united effort in a
common cause, and were bound together bya feeling
of sympathy and of interest, they were united by
no political Bonds whatsoever, and no single State
nor "any number had the right, in either a moral or
political sense, to interfere with or question the
institutions of any other. Slavery then existed in
all the States, and it was easily seen that while it
would speedily be abolished m some, from natural
causes, it would long continue in others, whether
or not a union of the States was formed; and as
slavery must exist, it was wisely deemed better to
have a Union with slavery, than slavery without a
Union. Its existence was then as now deplored,
but then, not as now, the spirit of patriotism rose
above the spirit of a sickly philanthropy and local
benevolence, and the patriots of that day, with the
spirit of the revolution upon them, saw that the
triumph which, under the blessing of Heaven,
they had achieved would be best secured, and the
general welfare of the States and of the people best
promoted, by uniting together m one great Con-
federacy tor purposes specially defined. And, an-
! imated by the influences which impelled them
onward, the Constitution, wmch binds together
this family of sovereign States, and secures by
abundant guarantees the lights and inteiests of
each and all, was formed and adopted; and still
each State, in all that concerns its domestic condi-
tion, is as soveieign and independent as if was be- j
I foie. And how, from that auspicious moment, ■
| has our progress been upward and onward ! From ;
; three we have advanced to twenty millions of peo-
ple—from thirteen to thirty sovereign States, with ■
| almost boundless territorial possessions. Peace j
i and prosperity attend us; industry is amply re- i
| warded; labor is not burdened; want and famine 1
I aie unknown; we are respected among tne great .
| nations of the earth; and, so far as has been vouch- j
, safed to fallen man, life, liberty, and the pursuit of j
I happiness are secured to all. Haman could not |
j enjoy the honors and blessings with which he was I
1 lauen, because Mordecai the Jew was permitted
j to sit at the king's gate; and, like that envious and
malignant demon, there are those amongst us to
; whom all these blessings avail nothing, so long
| as a portion of the< States continue, under the
; guarantees of the Constitution, that which existed
in all at the time the Confederacy was foimed; .
i and they openly demand arid deliberately peti-
tion that the Union be dissolved for this cause
alone. I am aware it will be said that this ex- .
treme and frantic outcry pioceeds only from a few
madmen and fanatics, and is the joint effort of the ,
weak and the wicked, and that those who are now
in the incipient stages of the same disease do not
propose to follow them, and only oppose the further i
extension of slavery. But it was only yesterday, as ;j
j it were.^hat many of those who now cry loudest
| airflgo furthest were whereothers have commenced;
: and again, to-morrow, those who have just taken
' their first lessons will find themselves where others
who have traveled in the same direction have gone
before them. It has been unfortunately discovered
that "the ambitious youth who fired the Ephesian
domfe survived in fame the pious fool who reared
it," and a thirst for notoriety has been the order
of the day. For three years we have been unable
to organize-a Territory, to pass a bill of appropri-
ation, to declare war, to feed and clothe a famish-
ing army, or to ratify a treaty of peace, without
encountering in our pathway the hideous and hag-
like shadow of slave agitation. Even this attempt
to give to an unprotected people the temporary
benefits of law and order, is resisted in the same
quarters and by the same arguments and influences
that others have been, and my colleague tells us
! he can vote for no bill unless it contains the pro-
visions of the ordinance of 1787. This, like the
voracious rod of Aaron, with him, swallows up
all other considerations. By way, doubtless, of
investing it with additional consideration, he has
given us the benefit of its history, and shows that
Mr. Jefferson proposed one of a similar character
in 1784, which was not adopted. I will spend no
time in commenting upon the historic truisms,
with which it is sought to surround and magnify
this provision and the proceedings in which it
orginated; for it has, in my judgment, no more
application to our present condition, as mere au-
thority, than an extract of equal length from the
Koran of Mahommed. But my colleague has seen
the original draught of the one offered by Mr. Jef-
ferson which was rejected, and is able to testify
that it is actually in the handwriting of that dis-
tinguished statesman. Well, suppose it is. How-
ever interesting this may be to the curious in such
matters, and especially to the collectors of autog-
raphy, I am yet unable to perceive what practical
value it affords for the purposes in question. Sup-
pose it could be found in the language of inspira-
tion, in the original Hebrew, and in the handwriting
of a prophet or an apostle; this ought not to, and
would not, with those who judge of a matter by
what it contains rather than the source from which
I it comes, give it any additional fitnes3 for a pur-
1 pose entirely foreign to that for which it was pre-
pared and proposed, and to which it has not now,
and never had, any just application whatsoever.
The ordinance proposed by Mr. Jefferson in
1784, which was rejected, and that which was pro-
posed by Mr. Dane, of Massachusetts, and others,
and was adopted in- 1787, were, it will be seen,
proposed before the States were united under a
constitution, and while our fathers were groping,
[ by the dim lights which the history of that period
afforded, for some plan of confederacy by which
! the territory in question, ceded or to be ceded by
j particular States, for the benefit of all, should be
j governed. There was then no constitution uniting
the Federal Government and defining and limiting
: its powers, and it was competent for individual
, States ceding their territory to prescribe such terms
j and provisions as they should choose, and for the
States generally, by such special agreement or
! compact as they could unite upon, to prescribe the
j terms and conditions on which the ceded territory
| should be governed. It was a contract proposed
to be entered into by all the parties interested, and
as such derived all its character and force. And
now, because a certain agreement was made by
the parties interested for- the government of the
Northwestern Territory, ceded by particular States
for the benefit of all, before we had a Constitution
to guide us, it is insisted that, under the Constitu-
tion,from which Congress derives all its authority,
and in which no such power is specified, Congress
shall do as a matter of right, in defiance of the pro-
test of a portion of the States to the common prop-
erty, that which was done by the consent of ail,
including the-sole owner, before the Constitution
was adopted. The difference, when properly illus-
trated, being simply this: Three individuals enter
into an agreement for their mutual benefit and ad-
vantage, and abide by its piovisions. Three others
of equal rights, under other circumstances, not
being able to agree satisfactorily, two of them,
finding that an agreement had once been volun-
tarily made by three under other circumstances,
insist that the precedent ought to be followed, and
