appendix to the congressional globe.
[Feb. 28,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
New Mexico and California—Mr. Dickinson.
Senate.
The great mass of the northern people, and I
Kpeak of the people of New York, are less excited
upon the subject of slavery than would appear from
the declarations of those who claim the right to
tepeak ToiMhem. ~They regard slavery as an evil,
but-they know that it is not now and was not at
theadoptton of the Constitution an original question;
bu£ was, as my colleague has stated, planted here
while we were subjects of the British Crown,against
the wishes and without the consent of the colonies.
New York abolished slavery herself when usuited
herown sense of propriety and her interest, wishes,
and convenience, without the graiuitous and im-
pertinent interference of other States, or the offi-
cious dictation of Congress. And the mass of her
people are willing other States shall follow her
example, when in like manner it shall seem to
them best; and they believe such States to be the
most proper judges in the premises. They have
no doubt that emancipation has been retarded in a
number by the ill-timed proceedings and intermed-
dling of fanaticism and bigotry. They believe
that the advantages and burdens, the good and the
evil, the responsibility here and the responsibility
hereafter, belong to the States where it exists and
not to them; that they are not entitled to reap the
fruits of its labor, nor required to care for its end-
less vexations, nor to answer for its sins. Having
abolished it themselves, they do not, like the
Pharisee, thank God that they are not as other men;
but ihey believe the people of the southern States
as intelligent and as virtuous as themselves,-and as
regardful of the principles of sound morality, just
law, and pure religion. They see that this great
matter cannofbe hastily disposed of; that the mere
question whether they shall be emancipated or
longer held in servitude, were it practicable, is but
a single verse in the daik and difficult chapter of
its history; and that it is wiser tu leave it to the
guidance of those whose institution and property
it is, and who have*a right to control it, under the
beneficent care of that
" Piovidenee that «hapr>s our ends,
Rough hew tliem how we
Nor have the great mass of the northern people any
desire to tntetfere with this institution, under some
plausible pretence, for the purposeof accomplishing
by circuity and indirection that which they have
not the manliness to attempt openly; and hence
they will not, under the plea of preventing the ex-
tension of slavery,seton foot and prosecute a boot-
less guerrilla warfare of irritation against their sis-
ter States, by agitating the question of slavery irr
the Ten ifories, in the District of Columbia, or in
the arsenals, navy-yards, and other places where
Congiess has jurisdiction. They read, too, in the
Constitution that fugitives held to "service by the
laws of one State escaping into another are to be
deluered up to the jurisdiction from whence they
fled, not to he enslaved, if they aie freemen, as is
he cant phrase of the times, but to have their
rights adjudicated by the laws of the State where
the service is claimed. All reflecting men must see
and know that u is as much a violation of the letter
and spirit of the Constitution, in ihe sight of God
and m thejudgment of men, to harborand secrete
one of self-preservation and self-dependence—to
come among them without social or political rights,
to degrade the honest white laborers of the North
by mingling with them and competing for their
labor. They see that two races of men so dissim-
ilar in physical development, whether as slaves or
freemen, c&tinot exist Together upon termsof equal-
ity without degrading both. Heaven has so or-
dained, and man cannot subvert the decree—one
will be elevated and the other, degraded. A wo
has been pronounced upon him who shall sever
what God hath joined, and a like one should be
proclaimed against him who joins that which
Heaven by such marked physical laws has sun-
dered.
We have heard many paeans sung to the dignity
union ordained of Heaven, which lies at the foun-
dation of society, and upholds and adorns all that
is sacred and beautiful in our social system, dis-
plays not its value or its moral beauty, because
man and woman are bound together in the bonds
of legalized matrimony, but because they fulfill the
relations which a beneficent Providence ordained,
and mutually heighten the joys, and alleviate the
sorrows* which attend us through the chequered
scenes of this eventful pilgrimage; and when they
hopelessly fail to discharge these reciprocal duties,
and mock each other with crimination and recrim-
ination, it is better that the tie which binds them
as one were severed. The value of this Union
does not consist in the binding together of thirty
! sovereign States with hooks of steel and chains of
of free labor, and have been often told of the |-adamant, but because they stand united together
!! for beneficent purposes, forming one great and
| shining light—a beacon to the weary and tempest-
i tossed—a terror to tyranny and usurpation—and
! each still an independent star in the constellation
j of political hope. But, if they must stand ariayed
{ against each other, or section against section—if,
! instead of kind offices and friendly relations, they
are to exchange angry reproaches and threatening
menaces,—that moral beauty which has hitherto
attended them has departed; the'life and spirit
which gave birth to the Union has ceased to ani-
mate it, and one fatal step has been taken upon the
road to dissolution.
Nothing can subvert this happy Union" but the
formation of sectional parties; and that, if success-
ful, will. It is but an institution of'man, and can-
not and ought not to survive the successful organ-
ization of factions. If a sectional Piesident and
Vice President should be elected upon an irritating
sectional issue, and a secticyial cabinet be formed—
and no other one could be—if from the South, no
northern Representative having the least remains
of the spirit, of his fathers would ever enter the
councils of such a Government; and, if from the
North, no southern man could be found so debased
as to come into one, formed upon terms of com-
promise for the whole, when the principles had
been subverted that a destroying faction might
rise upon its ruins. As a northern man, f would
never cross the portals of a Government brought
into power upo.n a southern sectional issue, and I
would animate my countrymen to flee from it as
especial regard which slave agitators of all others
entertain for it. But let it be remembered that
their whole effort has the effect, if it has not the
benefit of the design, to infuse among the free
white laborers of the North- the fumes of free
negroism, with its moral and political beauties,
and introducing among them the fugitive slaves of
the southern States and the emancipated negroes-
of thje District of Columbia, and degrading the
poor white men of the North to the level of the
black. Nor do the people of New York, generally,
indulge that kind of benevolence which, as has
been heretofore suggested, would confine the col-
ored race within boundaries so limited, that by
suffering, impoiency, barrenness, and death, the
whole race, as existing, shall be exterminated.
They are willing the colored race should go out
into any community who are anxious or willing
to receive them. The direction man to replenish
the earth was not limited in its operation by Him
who gave it to any particular race or color. But
modern benevolence essays to correct the error;
and, not satisfied with placing restrictions upon
the laws of man, proposes to extend a proviso to
this mandate of Heaven, and to confine the mul-
tiplication hereafter to the white race alone. Let
not the great mass of the northern people be held
responsible for the slavery agitation which is car-
ried on in their name—originating m the mistaken
benevolence and dark designs of a few, and yielded
to and fostered by timid and time-serving politi-
cians, who hold the people as. weak and inational
as themselves.
i from contagion. And I boldly declare, after the
doctrine of non-interference, who stand up for the
sovereign rights of the States ana the guarantees
of the Constitution, must breast the blind fury of
a fearful storm, and be covered over with epithets
of bitterness and opprobrium. He is, say they,
a friend to the extension of slavery; lie is sold to
the South; he is the apologist of slave aggression,
and wishes to degrade free labor and abolish iree-
dom! But, sir, while I can look with becoming
pity upon ignorance and weakness, 1 hurl fiom me
with hissing and contempt alike the whine of the
hypocrite and the bluster of the demagogue, i
see spread out before us a great and happy coun-
try, with such institutions as Heaven has never
before vouchsafed to fallen man; and I see, too,
a fugitive from the laws of a State which hold him jj that when once they are riven and uprooted, the
to service as to shelter and protect a fugitive from , night of despotism, m which the genius of evil and
I am too well aware that all who advocate the h manner of Pitt, that, were I a southern man, as I
justice, and that the one is no less questionable in \
expediency or flagrant in morals than the other. 1
These provisions are clearly written in our funda- ,
violence and anarchy will hold her awful court, ■
will belong and gloomy. Oh, may our glorious
tree of liberty sink its roots deeper in the soil of-
menial law, and he who violates them or either of J| freedom, and extend its branches until all the op-
them, under the shallow justification that they are '
of no moral force, violates the primary duties of
citizenship and commits treason against his Gov- >
emment. They see and know that they cannot \
elevate this unfortunate race, eirher as individuals
or as a } eopie, by theang y agitation of *he ques- '
tion,or by harboring and secreting fugitive slaves, ;j
and that the only ftuits produced by it will be to
multiply wretched outcasts and swed the volume ;|
of misery, pauperism, and crime—to add physical \
want and suffering to moral and mental depression, 1
inciease the number of vagabonds, and literally 1
degrade degradation. The North, as a people, j
want not this race among them, as is suggested by
this bastaid philanthropy. They want not the '!
pressed and stricken of earth may find beneath it
shelter and repose i This was .the chosen asylum
of liberty on taiih, and wnen it shall be banished |t very horns of the altar.
am a northern one, I never would consent to re-
cognize for a moment an administration brought
into power upon a northern sectional issue—never,
never, never! This attempt to create sectional
parties is the evil tendency of the times, and he
who seeks to foster them, be his purpose, real or
avowed, what it may—whether to minister to the
cravings of a mean ambition or to gratify a fiendish
lingering revenge; whether he has been laden with
the honois of the people, and pampered at their
treasury; or whether he be the incendiary, whose
price of purchase is less than thirty pieces of silver
—the taint of treason and perfidy will cling to him
in after times like the poisoned tunic of mythology;
God will set a mark upon him, as upon the brow
of the first murderer of man, that all shall know
him; but it will be a mark for destruction, and
not for safety, and society will hunt hnn from its
abodes like a ferocious and venomous beast. He
will not be saved by the counterfeited cry that he
is merely opposing the extension of slavery; but,
like the murderous captain of the host, the ven-
geance of an indignant people will slay him at the
hence, after coursing over the world's desolate
waste and finding no rest for the sole of its foot,
will it not return, fluttering for admission, like the
dove at the window of the ark, to the " bosom of
its father and its God
I am not one of those who assume to be wiser
or more benevolent than were the fathers of the
Constitution. They did not tremble and quake
because slavery had existence, but they rose above
the influences of a spurious philanthropy, and a
more spurious philosophy, and formed a Confed-
eracy of sovereign equals. They listened not to
sick, the deciepit, and the infirm to be supported T that fearful and ominous cry which falls harshly
m their poorhouses; nor the vicious and immoral ; on my ear, the Noith ! the Noith 1 the South ! the
for their prisons; nor the few whose integrity and ,! South ! but talight us alone the magic words, "hie
health shall survive a transition, from a genial to a J Union." I do not fear soon us dissolution in form,
rigorous clime—from a long state of tutelage to ii but 1 fear far more its dissolution in spirit. That
But the hour of the greatest danger has passed,
and agitation is lowering its front. It has well
near completed its couise of mischief; it has dis-
charged its vagrant errand, it in functus officio. Its
profane and unholy temples are crumbling to their
downfall, and will soon tell only in their gloomy
rums of a period of error, folly, and delusion. The
impious priesthood who ministered at their pol-
luted altars have been disrobed and deposed, and
their deluded and idolauous worshippers are about
returning to the woiship of their fathers.
But my colleague, m justifying his course, tells
us that he is not fully a free agent, having been
instructed, although the instructions accord with
his judgment. Therein my colleague differs widely
from me, for 1 am a free agent in every sense,
and cannot consent to stand here otherwise, for I
