1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
* £99
30th Gong... .2d Sess.
Netv Mexico and California—Mr. Jlerschell V. Johnson.
Senate.
belong to the school of a statesman, venerated by
every friend' of liberty, who believed in " taking
the responsibility." I am a free agent to do as duty
may require, and am ready to count personal con-
sequences afterwards. I understand where I am
speaking far too well to enter upon domestic mat-
ters here, for neither this body nor any of its mem-
bers havee right to sit in judgment upon me. 1
shall enter into no explanations, claim no merit,
or accord none, so far as supposed instructions are
concerned, nor shall 1 permit myself hereto inquire
whether they emanate from a majority or minority
of the people; whether they seek to violate the
spirit of the compact, or whether they come from
those who believe in and practice the doctrines
they inculcate; but at the proper time, and upon
the proper occasion, before those whose servant 1
am, I tender the gauntlet to him who shall choose
to take it up, and I hold myself in readiness to
justify my action before the only pure and true
source of power. I intend to know whether one
can resist this mischievous and licentious spirit of
sectional agitators, and sappers and miners of the
Constitution, and survive. I have no fear that I
shall not be most triumphantly sustained when
the storm has swept by. Nor \^ould 1 change a
course so clearly demanded by considerations of
duty if I knew I was to be overwhelmed. It
is better that an humble individual should perish,
if in his struggle he should arouse the atten-
tion of the people to the dangers which threaten
them. Sir, I stand upen the watch-tower of
liberty, where my fathers stood before me, and
I invoke the spirit of my country's Constitu-
tion. Like Burke, when speaking of the contro-
versy with the American colonies, I stand not
here to demonstrate points of law, but to quiet agi-
tation. Let the storm howl on—let the batilements
rock if they will—let faction toss and roar and
hurl her impotent arrows of detraction, and I'will
laugh them to scorn; for I did not take up my po-
sition without counting the cost. If I had courLed
momentary elevation or personal eclat, I might
have cried loudest among slavery agitators, and
rode hi°"h upon the whirlwind, if I could not have
directed0the storm. But I have chosen to do my
duty, and to meet the responsibilities incident to
my position; and in my vacant and solitaiy hours
I shall feel that gratification which a consciousness
of rectitude add a firm discharge of duty alone can
give, and winch the world cannot take asvay. 1
have never favored the institution of slaveiy or
its ex tension, either immediately or remotely; and
whoever charges or insinuates the reverse, origi-
nates a base and deliberate, and, unless he is igno-
rant of my sentiments, a willful calumny. Lqually
untrue is it that any one has proposed to legislate
for the extension of slavery. It has often been ,
asserted, knowing its falsity, and is persisted in, ,
doubtless, under that questionable axiom in mor- j
als, that a falsehood persevered m is equivalent to ,
the truth. My habits, thoughts, feelings, educa- .
tion, instincts, nay, my very prejudices, aie against j,
slavery; but I would not unci fere in what is no I,
concern of mine, to obtain a greater evil and no j|
good. The South have simply asked that they
may be left to their sovereign rights as States, and
to such rights in the Territory as the legal triou-
nals may decide are theirs under the Constitution.
They do not ask anv legislation in favor of slavery,
or its extension or diffusion, but protest against its
agitation in the Federal Government, or any legis-
lation by Congress upon the subject; and in this
the South are right, and I, for one, snail stand by
them and sustain them, let who will cry and clamor,
or come what may, so long as they stand upon a .
ground so cleaily reasonable and constitutional a*> ■
this. It is urged, as another reason for legislating ,
against slavery in this Territory, by my colleague,
that unless we do, it may shock the tender suscep-
tibilities of Mexico. I certainly shall not call in
question the force of this very singular authority;
but not proposing to draw lessons of political •
economy or pubhc morals from that nation just .
now, I will simply suggest, that if she has any ,
surplus benevolence, she had better invest it in the j
elevation of her own semi-barbarous people and ,
her cruel and degrading system of peonage. Let
her pluck out the beam in her own eye, befoie she ;
discourses concermngthe mote in ours. And merry
England, too, with her starving millions perishWt,
for bread, will doubtless bewail it.
An eminent
British poet has exultingly sung, that "slayes
cannot-breathe in England;" and if he had added
that millions of her own miscalled freemen, to say
nothing of groaning and oppressed Ireland, found
the process of respiration difficult, by reason of
her system of murderous inequality,'he would
have given us a practical and interesting but mel-
ancholy truth, at the expense of poetic beauty.
But why press, in all times and upon all occa-
sions, this process of restriction? My colleague
admits that the laws of that Territory, as it came
to us, prohibited slavery; which he says was abol-
ished by the decree of her President; again, by an
act of Congress, and yet again by the Constitu-
tion. Most lawyers in the free and many in the I
slave States hold that the laws prohibiting slaveiy
remain the law of the land until changed by com-
petent legislation, and my colleague has often so
argued and insisted. I have already shown that
there was no intention or desire to Legislate for
their change even by the South. Besides, he ad-
mits that slave labor is not demanded there, nor
white labor excluded, either by climate, soil, or
productions; and yet he, and those who act with
him, will consent to the passage of no bill unless
it excludes slavery over again, which they argue
is excluded by three laws of man, and thiee of
Heaven; and they insist, too, which is the fact,
that the people there, so far as they have spoken,
are opposed to having the institution among them.
Was ever ahsurdity carried fuither, or more per-
tinaciously enforced ? But 1 am asked, if slavery
is already excluded by law, and prohibited by
natural impediments, why object to the restriction.'
I object to it because one-half of the States of this
Union have solemnly protested against it, and be-
lieve it will be a sentence of condemnation against
them, and I have sufficient regard for their wishes
to abstain from an act so offensive to them, bring-
ing no practical good; and 1 object, too, because
the true principles of self-government forbid that
one community shall legislate for another. I he M
whole truth may as well be told. Politicians have ||
invested their whole capital in this Provisoism, and |j
although the dividends have been far less than was ji
anticipated, and the stock is sadly depreciated, ij
they hope to keep it alive until they can sell out ,!
without suffering a total loss. ii
But do we not all see that it is better to meet this i;
agitation now than hereafter—"at the door-sill >;
than the hearth-stone?" Sir, I understand too well
the purposes for which tins agitation originated
and is prosecuted, and the law which governs all
kindred questions, to give heed to the professions,
however often expressed, that they are merely en-
deavoring to prevent by law the further extension
of slavery, though I admit that many who act with
them are sincere in their professions, and by no
means include them in the remarks 1 extend to
others. I would meet it before its poisonous roots
have sunk deeper in the soil of liberty, or its upas
branches spread wider. You may this day organ-
ize every inch of territory held by the United
States, and ingraft upon it the restriction; to-mor-
row the leaders in this same interest will clamor on
as they have already commenced for its abolition
in the District of Columbia; and, this being accom-
plished, they will openly and directly assail the
rights of sovereign States, which they have heie- .
tol'oredone by indirection,and their innocent dupes j
will be borne along with them. Who ever knew
the ferocity of a tiger tamed by a taste of blood, .
or a fanatic, or a demagogue, or a hypocrite satis- |
fied by yielding to his demand? And, although •
theie are many who have now no intention of pio-
ceeding to such extremities, they will be subject to
the laws which control such questions, and be
1 swept along with the general cuirent. But a few
: veais since this disturbing and feiouous spirit of
i abolition reared its hydra-head in the halls of our
! National Legislature, but it was met by manly
' resistance ami put down. Again, lestless as the
unclean spirit of old, it returns with others more
wicked than itself to render, unless speedily put to
! flight, the last state worse than the first. _
Mv colleague has told us, m conclusion, as he
has often before, what New York will do concern-
ing this question-that she will not consent to the
extension of slavery, and that by no act of his can
, it be done. While I acknowledge his nglittoh
; j opinions and speculations upon the subject of what
will be the course of New York, I shall claim at
least an equal privilege of expressing my own of
what she will not do also. The gift of prophecy
is not rpine, and I can only judge of the future by
the past and the present, and the general laws
which control human agencies; and, however
much the reverse may be desired by desperate
politicians, in my judgment New York, though
occasionally swayed from her great purposes by
the mutations of political parties and the efforts of
combined factions, will content herself with that
which belongs to her, and treat with becoming
respect, the rights of her sister States. She-has
abundant elements within herself to employ her
choicest energies, and she will devote them to the
still higher improvement of her own internal con-
dition, and, to elevate yet more her tlnee millions
of happy-people. Though the sun of her political
prosperity may occasionally pass beneaih a cloud,
the obscuration will be but momentary, and the
eclipse not total. She will soon shine forth in
her meridian splendor, diffusing anions her sister
States, from her lofty eminence, her genial influ-
ences of light, hope, and joy—:the proudest star in
the constellation of political glory. She will leave
all puerile sectional agitations to the machinations
of the weak and wicked, and those who traffic in
the disturbance of the public peace* Her sons
will stand again, as they stood in the dark days of
our revolutionaiy struggle, m the second war of
independence, and again in a war with a neighbor-
ing nation, by the side of the brave spirits of the
South, as when they shed their choicest blood in
defence of her own frontier: and, as then, she will
scorn to inquire whether their domestic policy is
more or less wise than her own. She will stand
by the principles of non-inlerfennce and the Consti-
tution, and will spurn all attempts at sectional pol-
icy and disunion. She will blot no .stars from the
constellation. Her pride will reach throughout
the Union, and her republic be ocean bound.
What motive have I to disregard her wishes, or
disobey her mandate*? What tiave 1 to ask of ihe
South but the meiest justice? What else can she
have in store for me? Whatever I have of .public
character or station is the generous gift of my own
great State. From early childhood 1 have been
nursed in her lap, and in manhood she led me from
humble private avocations, through various honois,
to the highest station her sovereignty could confer.
There, next to Heaven, are my choicest offerings
due; there shall my first vows be paid. My des-
tiny is in her keeping; there my best affections
cluster; there arise my liveliest aspirations; there
all my hopes are concentered; there have I lived;
there repose the remains of my beloved dead, and
when it shall please Heaven to call me hence, I
would rest from the agitations of an eventful life
in her peaceful bosom. Her very name is dear to
me. Her character and her institutions dearer still.
Hei political escutcheon is yet unstained and spot-
less. Although she has nounshed and brought up
children, and they have rebelled against her, her .
degradation has not been completed. Ttie cup
which had been drugged for her humiliation by a
parricidal hand, in mercy was permuted to pass,
and she has not been left to sanction by her sov-
ereiga voice the attempt to desecrate the Presi-
dential office by pandering to the bad passions of
a section. That she may long be spared from this
! base infliction, whether at the instance of one of
| her own degenerate sons or another, I invoke the
: universal prayer of our common country.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia, said:
i Indisposition during almost the entire present
; session of Congress has prevented me, if I had
desired-it, from participating in the discussions of
' this body. Nor do 1 feel now that my health justi-
i fies me m attempting an elaborate eludication of
! the position which 1 occupy upon the questions
which have been discussed m this debate. This
fact, in connection with what I know to be the
' reasonable and just impatience of the Senate, and
! the strongand unfavorable contrast which my poor
effort must necessarily piesent to the able speech
which has just been delivered by the distinguished
i Senator from New York, [Mr. Dickinson,] iiii-
I presses me with the conviction that my words
1 should be few, and that I should not unnecessarily
'' consume the time of the Senate. But, notwith-
standing these considerations, 1 feel it a duty which
i X owe to myself and to those whom I in pait rep re-
