1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
301
30th Cong 2d Sess. New Mexico and California—Mr. Herschell V. Johnson.
Senate.
long known, antUhis Senate has occasion to know,'
that the great body of the North are unwilling to
permit the South to enjoy the rights which are
guarantied to her by the Constitution in the newly
acquired territories of the United States. Perhaps
it has not heretofore been exhibited in the shape
which it now assumes, but it has been manifested
in a mariner not less equivocal. Has the Senate
forgotten the history of the " compromise bill" of
the last session ? Have they forgotten the main
feature which that bill embraced? Sir, what was
that history, and what that feature?
Early in the last session of Congress, the Com-
mittee on Territories reported a bill to the Senate
to form a territorial government of Oregon. The
twelfth section of that bill ratified and declared to
be in force the laws and ordinances of the provis-
ional government which the people of that Terri-
tory had established for themselves, in the absence
of any organization by Congress. Am6ng these,
there was a decree that involuntary servitude should
not exist therein. We of the South believed that
to ratify and declare such a restriction to be in
force, involves the assumption of the right, on the
part of Congress, to prohibit slavery by legislative
enactment. Against the exercise of such a power
we protested; and therefore an exciting debate was
elicited upon the general subject, not only in refer-
ence to Oregon, but also California and New Mex-
ico. We exhibited a willingness to vote for the
bill, if the twelfth section should be stricken out.
Accordingly the Senator from Indiana[Mr.bmght]
moved to do so. But the question was not taken
immediately, and, to the surprise of all the south-
ern Senators, he withdrew the motion on the next
morning. It was immediately renewed by my
colleague, [Mr. Berrien.] Indications were very
soon exhibited that the motion could not prevail,
and that the slavery restriction would, for the first
time, be forced upon us. The Senator from'Indi-
ana [Mr. Bright] then offered, by way of amend-
ment, what is known as the "Missouri compro-
mise." It was very soon ascertained that this
would not pass. The Senator from Mississippi
[Mr. Davis] then proposed to amend the twelfth
section by adding a proviso, "That nothing con-
* tained in the said act shall be so construed as to
' authorize the prohibition of domestic slavery in
* said Territory whilst it remains in the condition
'of a Territory of the United States.5' Several
other amendments, I believe, were offered by
southern Senators, having for their object the pro-
tection of the rights of the South in our Terri-
tories. The difficulties of adjustment thickened;
the excitement in this body waxed warm, and
diffused itself throughout the entire Republic;
and the public press literally groaned under the
utterings of popular solicitude. The ship of state
seemed to tremble and creak throughout all her tim-
bers, and the minds of patriots everywhere were
burdened with painful apprehensions for the safety
bf the Union. At this moment of intense solici-
tude, a meeting uf southern Senators was suggest-
ed to devise some mode of action by which the
question might be adjusted. We met in the ante-
room, irrespective of political names—all party
distinctions were laid upon the altar of our com-
The result of our deliberations was
experience. After days of anxious consultation,
that committee reported the measure known as the
"compromise bill." It was hailed everywhere
throughout the country as the bow of promise,
betokening calm and sunshine. The hope of the
patriot revived, as he thought he saw the night
retire, which hung like a funeral-pah over our
political horizon. Such is a brief history of that
bill.
What were the great features of compromise
which it embodied ? The North contended that
they had the right to extend the Wilmot proviso
over the Territories of the United States, and that
it was the imperative duty of Congress to do it.
The South solemnly denied and protested against
the exercise of such a power. This bill yielded
that question, on the part of the North, and im-
posed on Congress the duty of non-interference.
That is all which the South hasever asked, and,
so far, it was one point of concession to our demand.
Again: many of our northern friends insisted that
the inhabitants of Territories possess the right to
restrict slavery within their limits; but the South
denied this position, and the bil^ prohibited the
Territorial Legislature from passing any law "re-
specting the prohibition or establishment of African
slavery." This was the second point of conces-
sion made by the North. The North insisted on
ratifying and confirming the provisional laws of
Oregon, one of which prohibited slavery. The
South denied the power of Congress to do this.
The bill declared that they should continue in force
only until three months after the first meeting of
the Territorial Legislature. This was the third
point of concession yielded by the North. These
questions being settled positively by the bill, the
controversy between the North and the South was
narrowed down to a single point; and that was,
whether, under the guarantees of the Constitution
and laws of the United States, the citizens of the
South possess the right to carry their slaves into
our Territories ? We mjmitained the affirmative
and the North the negativS>f this proposition; and
not being able to come to any agreement which
would result in satisfactory legislation, both parties,
by the thirty-first section of the bill, consented to
submit it to the adjudication of the£upreme Court
of the United States. If the Constitution does
guaranty our rights, as we contend, the court
would certainly so decide; if it does not, for one I
say we ought not to insist on it. The Constitution
is our bond of union; I am content with its guar-
antees; I will never knowingly demand anything
from our confederates which it does not justify
and sustain. The Supreme Court was established
for the very purpose of giving it authoritative in-
terpretation; and, as a lover of the Union, I am
willing to abide its solemn decisions.
One remark more on this point. It is evident
that this question between the North and the South
must be either a political or a judicial question. If
we attempt to settle it in Congress, we make it po-
litical; if wc refer it to the Supreme Court, it is
: judicial. Now I put it to any candid man of the
' 'South to say, whether it is not safer for us to refer
it to the court? If we refer it to Congress, as it is
now, or is likely to be hereafter constituted, it will,
it must be decided against us; for there is a large
mon country. j.ho h.ou.l     - - • _ __
a unanimous determination,^ possible, to have the j majority of Wilmot proviso-men in the House of
whole subject referred to a select committee of 1 Representatives, and the Senate will, Meai , vejy
eight, to consist of four from the North ana four
from the South, and an equal number from each ;
of the respective parties. By common consent, a j
Senator from Delaware [Mr. Clayton] moved the ,
reference, and it was agreed to by the Senate. The |
Select Committee was chosen by ballot, and was j
soon yield to the growing popularity of this pes-
tiferous measure. But if we submit it to the adju-
dication of the Supreme Court, I should entertain
no fear of an unfavorable decision. Truth, jus-
tice, principle, and argument are all on our side.
These considerations recommended this bill to
composed of the honorable mover, a Senator from jj the favor of the Senate; and, after full debate, it
Missouri, [Mr. Atchison,] a Senator from Ken- li passed this body by a majority of ^e-hUh^. it
tucky, [Mr. Underwood,] and a Senator from
South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun,] from the slave
States; from the free States, of a Senator from New
York, [Mr. Dickinson,] a Senator from Indiana,
[Mr. Bright,] a Senator from Rhode Island, [Mr.
Clarke,] and .a Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Phelps.] Sir, these were no upstart politicians,
who have been nurtured into notoriety by fawning
and by flattery. Most of them are gray-haired
Senators, distinguished for their patriotism, their
intelligence, and their protractcd service m our
public councils. They brought to the weighty
task assigned them grave, deliberative, and an en-
larged statesmanship, ripened by many years of
left the slave question where the framers of the
Constitution left it—where the Constitution itself
leaves it. This was the great leading feature of
this bill.
Having passed the Senate, under circumstances
so impressive, it was transmitted to the House of
Representatives for their concurrence. But there
was one bright particular star, clustered round by
seven paler satellites, whose blended lustre, glan-
cing' through the gloom of ignorance winch shiouu-
ed the intellects of the poor benighted Senate, dis-
covered to the world that it was a surrender of the
rights of the South—a surrender "covert, but "no
less complete and absolute"—and that, so far from
being a "compromise bill,** it "might be more
properly entitled articles of capitulation on the
part of the South.'* And, without any effort to
amend its imperfections, if it had them, without
permitting the usual reference to a committee,
upon a motion which cutoff all-debate and ex-
cluded all vindication by its friends, this offspring
of patriotic deliberation and enlightened statesman-
ship, was consigned to the grave without the for-
malities of a respectful interment. By the votes of
eight southern men, united with those of northern
Barnburners and Wilmot provisoists, this proposi-
tion, which granted to the South the benefits of the
Constitution, was laid on the table. Out of one
hundred and thirty-seven votes in the House of
Representatives from the free States, there were
but nineteen who on that occasion showed by
their votes that they were willing to allow the
§outh the guarantees of the Constitution. Look-
ing, then, to the interesting history of that bill, the
prominent feature which it embodied, and its fate
in the popular branch of Congress, I was not sur-
prised at the announcement of the Senator from
New Jersey, [Mr. Dayton,] that if we had the
right to extend the Constitution ta New Mexico
and California, " it would not be right, under ex-
isting circumstances," to do so. Sir, it was this
sentiment which defeated that" compromise bill,"
and, in my judgment, inflicted a heavy wound
upon,the South. What has been the consequence?
•It has prevented southern emigration to Califor-
nia. Under the apprehension that they could not
carry their slaves with them, citizens of the south-
ern States have not gone there, and the northern
States aie reaping the benefits -of the gold mines.
Their people are flocking there by thousands, and
will obtain so thoroughly the control of that coun-
try in a short time that they will forever exclude
slavery; whereas, if the compromise bill had
passed, it would have opened the door for south-
ern emigration. Our people would have gone
there. They would have participated in the ben-
efits of working the mines, and have been fairly
represented in the organization of the political and
social institutions of those Territories. If to this
inestimable loss to the South be added the agitation
and heartburning and local strife which have suc-
ceeded the defeat of that measure, it can but fill
the mind of the patriot with the most painful ap-
prehensions.
1 therefore cheerfully support this amendment.
I support it for the reason that it is the duty of
Congress to extend the protection of law to our
recently-acquired Territories. I support it be-
cause it combines those elements which are suited
to the present emergency. I support it because it
extends over them the Constitution and laws of the
United States. Less than this amendment con-
templates, we ought not to do; more, I fear, we,
cannot do. I doubt if any other proposition will
receive the suppoitof both Houses of Congress,
and it is not very certain that this will.
Mr. President, we have three alternatives before
us. We must either adopt this amendment, or we
' must pass the territorial bill wiiich has been sent
i us by the House, or we must admit these Terri-
i tones as a State or States into the Union immedi-
ately. if we do neither of these things, then wc
must leave California and New Mexico to the hor-
rors of anarchy.
If I could choose between this amendment and
a well-digested territorial bill, 1 should certainly
■ prefer the latter. It is more in accordance with the
, usage of our Government; and it would allow to
! the people greater latitude in the exercise and en-
I joyment of those great principles of republican
i liberty which are recognized by our Constitution.
. But who does not know that the passage of such
■ a territorial bill, at this late period of the session,
> is impossible? Besides, there is no probability that
any bill which would be acceptable to the South
could pass both branches of Congress. The one
which has been sent us from the House contains
the Wilmot proviso; and if we were to strike it
out, it is very certain that they would not concur
in the amendment. Hence, an acceptable territo-
rial hill at this session is out of the question.
The only other alternative before us is, to bring
these Territories into the Union immediately. To
.accomplish this object, two methods have been
'] proposed. The one, by the Senator fioni Tennes-
II see, [Mr. Bell,] is to merge the whole territory
