1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL: GLOBE.
303
30th Cong 2d Sess. New Mexico and California—Mr. HerscheU V. Johnson.
Senate.
mot proviso, and when it is known that by this
method all will be accomplished which the north-
ern agitators desire. It calls upon the South to do
that under the influence of a threat which it would
be degrading to submit to if executed according to
the forms of legislation.
Let it not be inferred from what 1 have said that
I would oppose the admission of a State into the
Union on the ground of its being a free State. -I
have no such feeling. If California and New
Mexico shall be required to Submit to the usual
probation of the territorial condition; if, by just
legislation on the part of Congress, the South be
allowed fair chance to participate in the forma-
tion of their"civil and social system; if-the door of
emizration be thrown open alike to the citizens cf
all the States; and then, if the climate and produc-
tions of those regions, without congressional inter-
ference, shall exclude slavery, and at a proper time
- the people shall form State constitutions prohibit-
ing its existence, I would cheerfully vote for their
admission, even though they be free States.' But
I cannot, at this time, with due regard to the in-
terests and honor of the South, vote for their
immediate admission, when the South has not en-
joyed an equal share of emigration to them, when
it is known that they must be free States, and
when the proposition is coupled with the declara-
tion that it is the only mode for the South to escape
fiom submission to the Wilmot proviso. I make
no such surrender. I shall insist on the most
ample recognition of the rights of the South. She
may be deprived of them by the force of superior
numbers; but I trust in God her representatives on
this floor will never eonsent that she shall be
cheated out of them by indirection and circumven-
tion.
Nor would I have it inferred, from the position
which I occupy, that I am opposed to a settlement
of the question of slavery. On the contrary, 1 most
anxiously desire it. The prosperity of the coun-
try, the safety of the South, and the integrity of
the Union, all demand its speedy settlement; and
he who would throw unnecessary obstacles in the
way for the sake of agitation, is unworthy the
esteem and confidence of patriots. Sir, the entire
South is ready and anxious to settle it upon any
terms which will save her honor and the glory of
the Union; and she has given the most conclusive
evidence of the sincerity of her purpose. During
the last session a |arge majority of her repiesenta-
tives in both Houses of Congress voted for the
Senate "compromise bill;" and almost without a
dissenting voice they supported the "Missouri
compromise." The South is still_animated by a
spirit of concession; she is still prepared to yield
much for the sake of the Union.' But when the
temperof conciliation hasdeparted from the North;
when we are denied the poor privilege to compro-
mise; and when it is distinctly announced by those
w ho have the numerical strength to oppress us,
under the foims of unjust legislation, that we shall
be excluded from the common territories of the
Union, let it not be expected that the South will
cooperate in an indirect mode to etfeet her own
degradation. When compromises are'denied her,
she will stand firmly upon her constitutional rights.
But, sir, the passage of the bill for the immediate
admission of California and the prospective admis-
sion of New Mexico will not settle the question of
slavery. It might as to that portion of territory
designated in the bill as California, but not as to
the balance called New Mexico; for, in reference
to the latter, it is prospective m its opeiation. ft
only giants the consent of Congress lor it to " be-
come one of the States of this Union" " so soon as
it shall contain the requisite number of innabitants,
and they shall establish for themselves a constitu-
tion and republican form of government. ' uut
what is to be its condition in the interim between
that tune and the present? Will it not be a Terri-
tory' Will it not be subject to the legislative
supervision of Congress as other .territories aie?
Would not the Wilmot provisoists insist on the
extension of the ordinance of 1787 over it so long
as it remained in that condition? Surely they
would; and at the very next session of Congress
we should have two Senators on this floor fiom
the proposed Stateof California to aid them in then-
nefarious designs, \et, with this fact staring them
in the face, southern men are asked to support this
bill for the purpose of settling the proviso question.
But the Wilmot proviso is not the only question | blood and treasure which were expended in their
of controversy between the North and the South. I acquisition. ,
Several of the Legislatures of the northern States j But, sir, why this incessant clamor on the part
have .passed laws to prevent or oppose the recap- j] of the North against slavery ? Is it some great-
ture of fugitive slaves, and in none of them is it j! moral plague spot which threatens to infuse mor-
done without annoyance and difficulty. Will the |j tal disease throughout the body politic? Are those
passage of that remove thi.% source of irritation and ! ] so contaminated among whom it is found that tliey
conflict? A portion of the people of the North are unworthy to be the associates of those pure
insist that Congress should interdict the slave trade 11 and immaculate philanthropists who weep croco-
between the States.^ ^Vill that bill Cjuiet their de- dile tearts over the fate of the poor enslaved Afri-
mands ? Congress is ever and anon besieged with ij can ? Is it an institution so recent in its origin as
petitions to abolish slavery in the District of C(3- |J to shock the benign spirit of the nineteenth'
lumbia. Will that bill silence these clamors? No, b tury ? Sir, slavery has existed in almost e
you might as soon expect to heal a man who {
is cove/ed with " wounds and bruises and putrify-
ing sores," by extirpating one ulcer. The spirit
of abolition is like the fabled hydra; you may cut
off one of his heads, but the loathsome ,slimy ser-
pent still exists, and is eternally hissing and throw-
ing out his thousand forked tongues to insult and !|
annoy us. Sir, the account between the North |i
and South is long and heavy. We have feached \\
that point when the harmony of the Union and the j j
safety of the South require a " settlement in full." . I
All the heads of the hydra must be cut off, and the |!
wopnds seared with a red hot iron, else he will ye,t 11
live, and infuse his deadly poison into every vein |
and artery of the body politic. No mere legisla- [|
tive expedient will settle the question of slavery, i
It can only be done by all parties, in the spirit of
patriotism, taking their stand firmly on the Consti-
tution. Let the North do nothing which it forbids,
in word or spirit; and let the South, as one man,
resolve to submit to nothing that violates its sacred
guarantees. This will give quiet to the country,
and bind the Union in bonds of adamant.
The South is,sought to be placed in the attitude
of factious opposition to the organization of these
newly-acquired Territories, on the ground that their
climate, soil, and productions are unsuited to the
employment of slave labor. I shall not consider
at length the geographical p&sition and features of j
our Pacific possessions. fRs certainly true that ]
much the larger porttan of them is unlit for the j
cultivation of rice, cotton, sugar, and tobacco. Its
•y nas existed in almost every
age and country of the world; and some of the
most eminently pious, of whom sacred history
keeps the record, have sustained the relation of
master, under the direct cognizance and approba-
tion of Heaven. It had its "origin in Divine decree,
and was ordained by the prophetic curse, pro-
nounced by Noah upon his son Ham, when he
said, " Cuised be Canaan; a servant of servants
shall he be to his brethren." This leads the mind
to the contemplation of the character of Abraham.
He was a most extensive slaveholder. He held
slaves by gift and by purchase. He owned three
hundred and eighteen that were born in his house.
In the modern parlance of theabolitionists he might
emphatically be termed a 11 s'ave-brfeder." Yet
Abraham was called in " Holy Writ*' 44 the friend
of God" and 44 the fdther of the faithful."
Sarah, the wife of Abraham, was also a slave-
owner; and the anecdote which is recorded of her
servant Hagar is full of instruction. When her
mistress dealt haidly with her, she /led from her
face: " And the angel of the Lord found her by a
' fountain of water in the wilderness. * * #
'And he said, Hasfar, Sarah's maid, whence com-
* est thou? and whither wilt thou go? And she
'said, I flee from the face of my mistress Sarai.
1 And the ang;el of the Lord said unto her, Return
' to thy mistress, and submit thyself under htr hand."
What a pity that some pious abolitionist had not
been present to admonish the angel of the Lord of
the impropriety of sending her back. Now, slave-
holder as she was, Sarah is regarded by the ablest
surface is maired by immense ranges of moun- j; commentators as the type of the Virgin Mary, who
tains and trackless deserts, unfit for the habitation I
of man. But who will deny that slave labor can j
be profitably employed m working the g"old mines I
of California? It is cheaper, because it costs the j
owner nothing but the food and clothing of his ;
operatives; and the negro far cxcels the white man j
in capacity to endure exposure to a scorching sun, j
drenching; rains, and the hardships peculiarly inci- J
dent to the business of mining. Besides, there is j
a considerable portion of these Territories—enough i
for the formation of three States of average dimen- |
sions—which lies south of the parallel of 36° 30', 1
known as the line of the Missouri compromise. !
The other States of this Union which lie south of |
that line are slave States. They are Arkansas, I
Tennessee, and North Carolina, which he imme- 1
diately adjaccnt to that line. Do they not profit- [
ably employ slave labor ? Further south are Texas,
Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, Georgia, and !
South Carolina. In all these States cotton con- S
stitutes the staple product of agriculture, and in !;
several of them rice and sugar are most advanta-!
geously cultivated. The southern parts of Cali- j;
forma and New Mexico lie in the same eastern ,(
and western belt of latitude. Why, then, will ,
was the mother of the Saviour of mankind.
Isaac was a slaveholder; for it is written of him
that he had possession of a " great store obser-
vants." Jacob also was a slaveholder; for it is
said of him that he "increased exceedingly, and
had much cattle and maidservants and mmseivants."
I might enumerate a long catalogue of the undent
pious, who were the owners of slaves. But I hasten
on.
Now if slavery is so great a moral evil, so repug-
nant to the laws of God, so abhorrent to the feelings
of our common humanity, why was it that these
favorite followeis and worshippers of the Most
High tolerated it, and were tolerated m us enjoy-
ment by Heaven ? Why was it riot prohibited by
the Almighty, when he gave laws to his people?
There were many occasions when it would have
been most appropriate, if He had designed to mani-
fest towards it his high and holy displeasure. How
easy to have done so, when lie delivered the ten
commandments? That was an occasion of awful
grandeur and unutterable solemnity. Thesummit
of the burning mpunt was enveloped in cloud, and
the earth trembled under the footsteps of Jehovah,
in attestation of his ineffable glory and power. The
they not yield the same agricultural pioducts, and '1 code which he there promulgated was designed to
consequently alford profitable employment for  ' - * i
slave labor? Sir, it is all a mistake. A laige por-
tion of our Pacific territories is suited to slavery,
and I will gjld that no kind of labor will develop
so rapidly its immense resources and prepare it for
the abode of enterprise and elevated civilization.
Let not the South lose sight of these facts. Let
her not be decoyed from vigilance over her rights,
or charmed into insensibility to legislative aggres-
sion, by the siren song that these Territories are
not adapted to slavery. They are adapted to it;
and if the South will be united in demanding jus-
tice at the hands of Congress; if she will be im-
movable in insisting that the door of unrestricted
emigration from all quarters of the Union shall be
embrace the great fundamental principles of all
proper government, moral and civil. It was to be
binding through all time, upon all men and all na-
tions, and to establish the unerring standard of
ri«rht and wrong. Why did not the Great Law-
giver of the universe, on this impressive occasion,
either forbid slavery or indicate his disapprobation
of it? But, so far from this, he recognizes its ex-
istence, and laid his inunction upon man in refer-
ence to it. The last of the decalogue says, " Thou
shalt not covet thy neighbor's hous , thou shalt
not covet thy neighbor's wife, nor his man $ervani,
nor his maid servant, nor his ox, nor his ass, nor
anything that is thy neighbor's." Here servants
are recognized as subjects of ownership, and placed,
thrown wide open; if she will maintain, at al! haz- as property, in the same category with the ox and
ards, thetloctrme of non-interference by Congress, ■, the ass.
there can be no question that slavery w ill find its:1 Nor was slavery discountenanced by Christ, un-
way to New Mexico and California, and that she j. der the new dispensation. He mingled freely and
will yet reap her share of the fruits of the common ji extensively among men—was at public festivals,
