1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
305
30th Cong 2d Sess.
New Mexico and California—Mr. Niks.
New Series No. 20.
ject. I had supposed at the commencement of this
session, that, at an early period, an effort would
be made—I believed it to he the duty of Congress
to make that effort—to organize the Territories of
California and New Mexico. I had confidence, a
reasonable confidence, that that effort would have
been made in the usual, the ordinary way; at least
that it would have been commenced in that way. I
had supposed that we would have had a territorial
bill, following a safe precedent; following our uni-
form course of legislation upon this subject. But
instead of that, I witnessed, very early in the ses-
sion, that the organization of these Territories was
intended, or hoped to be accomplished, in some
new and untried form; some new scheme of organ-
ization. And we have witnessed, thus far in the
progress of the session—I hardly know how many,
I think at least half a dozen different propositions,
of a form somewhat new, many of them entirely
new, and I think I may say some of them not only
unprecedented, but very extraordinary in their
character; and all very objectionable, with perhaps
the single exception of that which came from the ,
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Webster;] !
for the proposition of the Senator from New Jersey |
[Mr. Dayton] finally assumed much the same ob-
jectionable form as the others. All of these prop-
ositions, with the single exception which I have
named, (that of the Senator from Massachusetts,)
seemed to me to have been framed for the purpose
of escaping, for the purpose of avoiding, the great
question which the subject seemed to present, and
which it appeared to me it was our duty to meet,
and to endeavor to dispose of in some satisfactory
way.
The honorable Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Doug-
las,] who, I regret to perceive, is not in his seat,
has been very conspicuous in this matter. Why,
sir, he seems to have conceived that he had a mis-
sion, [laughter,] and he has been most persevering
in his attempts to fulfill it. Whether he thought it
came from above, from some supernatural source,
or from the subtle influences of the White House,"
[renewed laughter,] or somewhere else, I know
not. But his zeal, his perseverance, his untiling
efforts to get up something that might result in
some sort of organization, and at the same time
leave these Territories open to the introduction of
slavery—if by covert means it can possibly be
taken there—have been wonderful to behold. The
leaving that country open to the intrusion ot slavery
at some future time, has been, I think, the general,
leading idea which has run through all these prop-
ositions. It may be that the honorable Senator
has been raised up for this purp'ose. He is, we all
know, one who believes in this great doctrine of
manifest destiny; at any rate, he had considerable
to say on that subject at the last session, and he
may probably suppose that the arrangement of this
matter, according to his plan, was a part of his
destiny. However, so far he has not been very^
successful. I think it may be said, without fear of
contradiction, that his* destiny, mission, or what-
ever it may have been, has proved a failure. An-
other western gentleman seems to have taken des-
tiny out of his hands, and has come forward with
the proposition now before us. This proposition
has come from a quarter from which I little ex-
pected'a movement of the kind; still I have no
reason to doubt that the honorable Senator from
Wisconsin [Mr. Walker] has acted from high
and patriotic motives. I would certainly impute
none other to any honorable Senator on this floor.
And I was very sorry to believe, from the remarks
of the honorable Senator from Mississippi, [Mr.
Foote,] (who, I think, was a little unguarded,)
that he was not disposed to yield to the Senator
from Wisconsin the proper rights of paternity in
regard to this offspring of his. The Senator from
Mississippi seemed to assume that it was the child
of many fathers. 1 thought the credit was not so
great but that it might justly he due to one; but if
it is to be divided—and I know not the number
who claim a right to participate in it—the credit to
each, I apprehend, will be very small.
Mr. President, I would not detain the Senate at
all by prolonging the discussion upon this subject
—because I believe it is of no use to talk about it
were it not that I do not feel as though some of us
on this side of the Chamber, who have a duty to
discharge to our constituents and to the country,
have been treated very courteously or fairly during
20
the session in relation to this subject. I have sat
here very quietly, having scarcely opened my
mouth, whilst exposed to a fire from the regulars
of the South, and their allies of the North. And
yet there has been a great deal of discussion with
respect to the general subject of the condition of
these Territories, and the slavery question, as it
is called. This discussion has been all on one side
—entirely on one side, I believe, with the excep-
tion of the remarks of my friend from New York,
[Mr. Dix,] and my brief remarks the other night.
We have had resolutions presented here also, and
pretty strong resolutions they were. The Senator
from Georgia [Mr. Johnson] says they contain
no threats—I do not know what the gentleman
considers a threat—though they appeared to me
to threaten resistance to a law of Congress. We
have had these resolutions presented here, and we
have had speeches in harmony with those resolu-
tions. I was half tempted—for we are all exposed
to temptations—to say something on one occasion
when some of these resolutions were presented;
but, discovering that my southern friends were
very anxious to get up an agitation, as I had all
along suspected, I with a great effort restrained
myself. I would not consent to gratify them. And
it has been a principle with me never to enter into
those discussions unless on some bill where action
was involved. As for mere agitation, I have al-
ways disclaimed it. 1 think I shall have to hold
my friend from New York [Mr. Dickinson] re-
sponsible for a share, at least, of this agitation,
when I come to that part of the subject.
Myself and those'who stand with me on this
question have'borne all these things very quietly.
But, as I am going out of this body, I want to go
out clear, to pay otF all that is due to every #ne,
and present a true balance-sheet, errors excepted.
[Laughter.] I must not pass over my friend from
New York, [Mr. Dickinson,] because that would
not be respectful; and, before 1 enter upon the few
remarks which I have to make on the proposition
before the Senate, I must bestow upon him that
attention to which his very earnest and eloquent
speech entitles him.
The Senator from New York assumed several
positions in his speech which I wish to notice. In
the first place, he condemned in very severe terms
the whole agitation upon this subject. Well, I
agree with him that it is very much to be regretted.
But whom did the Senator consider responsible
for it? He did not exactly name any one, nor any
section, I believe; but, taken in connection with his
whole speech, it was pretty clear that he meant to
hold those responsible who differ with him in the
free States. I think that is a pretty fair conclu-
sion. I must beg leave to differ with my friend
upon that point. I think the fact3 will show that
the responsibility rests elsewhere, and I am sorry
that my friend will come in for a respectable share
of it. I think I shall show that he belongs to the
category who are mamly responsible for this agi-
tation.
Mr. President, what are the facts? When this
Wilmot proviso first came up, in 1846, on the
three million bill, intended to acquire territory, it
occasioned no alarm, no violent opposition from
any quarter, and was adopted bya large majotity.
The great liberality of the North m relation to
Texas probably had its influence. They yielded
up the whole of Texas, not very willingly on the
part of some of us I admit, but, by hook or by
crook, by fair means or by foul, the South got the
whole of it. 1 suppose this was thought liberal;
I am sure it ought to have been so regarded. And
I suppose that it was on that account that the pro-
viso was received so kindly on its first appear-
ance. These Territories were not then acquired,
although it was well known that we should have
territory. That was well understood on this side
of the Chamber. I was in favor of it myself, be-
cause we could not get out of the war honorably
in any other wav; we had a right to some indem-
nity, and Mexico could make no other. I knew
that we should have territory, and 1 knew that
trouble would come with it. I doubted whether
its advantages to the Union would be greater than
the embariassments which it could occasion, but
we were in such a condition that we could not re-
treat, whilst it was dangerous to go forward; we
would not back out of the war without " indem-
nity" in some form, and we could get nothing but
territory. When this proposition came up attached
to the three million bill, it wa3 welfunderstood that
we were to have territory, and it came with as
much force as though the Territories at that time
had been actually ceded. And how was it received
by the North and by the South? Why, sir, in-
stead of that proposition, which is spoken of here
with so much alarm, which is so strongly con-
demned, being regarded as insulting or degrading
to any portion of the Union, it was received with
as much calmness in the other wing of this Cap-
itol, and produced no more excitement, as I have
understood, than any ordinary question. And
what was the result? It passed through theother
House with a very large majority, some thirty or
forty, I believe, and received thirty votes, if 1 am
not mistaken, from the Representatives of slave-
holding States. Could it be possible, then, that
this proposition was regarded, at that time, as such
a startling one? It is very clear that it was not.
This proviso then received thirty votes from the
slave States. Now, .this may not be so, but I
believe I am correct; I have not examined the
journal, but was so informed by a member of the
other House a few days since.
Mr. BUTLER, (in his seat.) It was not so.
Mr. NILES. I may be mistaken, but certainly
I think there were a considerable number of sou^l-
ern votes given for that bill. The proposition
came here, and many supposed it would have
passed this body, had it not met with a slight im-
pediment [laughter] in the speech of the Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Davis.] At any rate,
I suppose that my friend from New York would
have gone for it at that time, because a very dis-
tinguished Senator, to whom he usually deferred
in such matters, was disposed to go for it.
Mr. BUTLER, (interposing.) I would like to
have the Senator from Connecticut make his state-
ment in relation to the number of southern votes
given for that bill, in the other House, more dis-
tinct, so that we may understand it.
Mr. NILES. I said that I understood that some
thirty votes from the slaveholding States were
given for the bill.
Mr. BUTLER, (in his seat.) That is altogether
a mistake.
Mr. KING, (in his seat.) There was but one
vote from a southern State given for it.
Mr. NILES. Mr. President, I hardly think I
am mistaken in regard to that matter. I received
my information from a distinguished member of
the other House. At any rate, it occasioned no
agitation there. It went through like any ordinary
bill. It might not have passed here, but still, as I
have already observed, I think my friend from
New York would have gone for it, because a dis-
tinguished gentleman, to whom he has since greatly
deferred, and whom he has supported for the
highest office in this Republic, was prepared to go
for it at that time. 1 suppose I am authorized to
say this. I had some knowledge on the subject
myself, and I think there is good evidence before
the country that the distinguished gentleman to
whom I have referred was prepared to vote for
that bill. In view of these facts, I think it would
have received, if not a majority, certainly a num-
ber of votes very near to it, in this body.
What, then, has occasioned this great change in
this question? What has converted a proposition
which was comparatively so very unimportant at
first, into one so alarming, the consequences of
which it is pretended may disturb the Union?
What has brought up this agitation? There may
be more than one explanation given; but I will
suggest what I think to be the real solution of the
problem. Sir, this matter, like most others, was
unfortunately seized upon to be used in the Presi-
dential election; and there were some gentlemen
disposed to make it a party issue, and in a particu-
lar form. This was a form which, in the opinion
of others, involved a surrender of what many re-
garded as the rignts of the free States in this mat-
ter. This, of coursc, brought this question into
the election, and it produced the agitation which
has followed. Now, who was responsible for
bringing this question into the election? Not me,
sir. Not, 1 believe, those with whom I acted on
this question. I think my friend from New York,
[Mr. Dickinson,] and others who acted with him,
were the persons in the free States who were re-
sponsible for this agitation, so far as it has grown
