APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 28,
30th Cong 2d Sbss.
New Mexico and California—Mr. Niles.
Senate.
out of the fact to which. I have referred. They
arranged this matter so as to hring it into the elec-
tion. And hence we have had the famous Nichol-
#if) letter, containing a certain platform, which,
rin'fdrtunately, did not prove sufficiently sound and
Strong to be able to bear up under the very singu-
lar and incongruous load put upon it by those who
erected it. In consequence of the erection of that
platform, a portion of the people of the North,
who had previously acted with the same political'
organization, refused to cooperate with it any
Sanger. They would not submit to that platform.
They considered it as involving a surrender of the
principles for which they were contending, and the
rights of the free States in this matter. This first
produced agitation. And now the honorable Sen-
ator from Neiv York, and others who acted with
Mm, who, I believe, were concerned in these ar-
rangements, come here and insinuate, at least, that
those of us who deemed it our duty to support a
great principle, important to the Territories, im-
portant to the free States, and, as we believed,im-
portant to the whole country, are responsible for
this agitation. Whether we are responsible for it,
or whether the responsibility rests upon them, I
think is a question very easy to determine. I am
well satisfied that this whole difficulty, this whole
agitation, has arisen from these circumstances, and
tliat if thts matter had been kept out of the elec-
tion, and had there been unanimity in the free
Slates, there would have been no agitation. This
proposition was not then regarded as a matter of
aggression by the South. Some one or two very
distinguished gentlemen in South Carolina so re-
garded it; but that was not the general sentiment,
I believe. And had the North been united on the
subject then, it would have passed away, and there
would have been no general agitation of the ques-
tion at all. This, in my view, is the source of this
national agitation of this question.
Mr. President, J think the South have some re-
sponsibility m thi3 matter. They also have done,
I think, fully their share, and considerable more
than that, towards bringing about this result.
Why was it necessary to make this arrangement,
and put forth this Nicholson letter ? Why was it
necessary to make a platform which was to em-
brace this question which has become so trouble-
some' Sir, these questions are very easily an-
swered. It became necessary in consequence of
the position, taken in several southern States by
the'Democratic party—perhaps by the other party
in some of them—but by the Democratic party in
several of the leading States there. They resolved
to carry this question into the election, in the most
solemn form, by their conventions, and in the
more grave form of their Legislatuies, in legal en-
actments as it were. They insisted upon incor-
porating this question into, and making it a great
issue in, the election, and they resolved that they
would support no candidate unless he was a known
and avowed opponent of the pioviso. The South
having taken that position, some sort of compro-
mise Became necessary. Why, sir, the delegates
from the different sections of the Union could not
have acted together unless they had put up some
new platform. How could they act together? The
Stales of the North, 1 admit, had generally adopted
resolutions affirming the proviso, but they had not
proposed to make it a political test at all; they had
not proposed to carry it into the election. They
had merely expressed their opinions. But the
States of the South had gone further, and they ji
therefore forced it into the election, and forced
their northern friends to devise and arrange some
new platform whereupon they could act together.
And hence we had the Nicholson letter—a plat-
form gotten up to get over the difficulty'—gotten
up to enable the Democratic party to go along as
a common party, although differing essentially ■
Upon the great and only issue which was involved !
in that election. The North gave way, as they I
usually have. They got up this Nicholson plat- j
form, which was really a surrender of the whole !:
matter, and they went into tile-election upon it. )
This caused a division of the party in the North, j,
Those of us who were not willing to surrender a l!
great principle for the mere tnumph of party
would not stand upon that platform. And now j
the honorable Senator, after having been one, as I j'
assume, who was concerned in these arrangements ^
which led to this serious agitation—I have no evi- ii
dence except his general course, including his
speech of to-night, and I think that is sufficient to
warrant me in saying this—this gentlemah, I say,
after having been concerned in all the arrange-
ments by which the agitation o.f this vital question
has been brought about, comes forward here with i
pretty strong insinuations against those in the free |
States'who have stood where he once stood, or at I
least where his candidate stood, on what they be- i
lieved to be consistent not only with northern
rights, but with the rights of the whole Union-,
and with the still higher interests of liberty and
humanity.
The honorable Senator from New York [Mr.
Dickinson] says that he has never voted for the
extension of slavery, and that he never will. I
was very happy to hear that, but still I must be
permitted to say that he is not quite correct on this
point. I think, if he will recur to a proposition
he sustained at the last session, he will find that
he did vote for the extension of slavery.
Mr. DICKINSON, (in his seat.) Will the hon-
orable Senator state when I voted for the extension
of slavery?
Mr. NILES. Yes, sir; it was the proposition
at the last session called the Missouri compromise,
modified as it was, which excluded slavery north
of 36° 30', and provided that the territory south
of 36° 30' might be slave territory or not, as the
settlers there might determine. Was not this a
proposition to extend slavery? That territory was
free—slavery was excluded from the whole of it.
But this provision, for which the Senator voted,
admitted it into that part of the Territory south of
a certain line. It legalized and established slavery
south of that line. ~ It wa3, so far as I know, the
first*law ever enacted to establish slavery where it
did not exist; to sanction it in advance; to carry
slavery by law into a free territory, by abrogating
the law which prohibited it. The Senator voted
for this extraordinary pi-oposition, and yet he says
he has never favored.the extension of slavery.
And I think that the amendment before us is an-
other case. Why, sir, what is this amendment?
It dismembers New Mexico, and it throws off
from our jurisdiction two-thirds of that whole ter-
ritory, ali lying east of the Rio Grande. I will
not say that this is strictly the annexation of this
part of New Mexico to Texas, but it is the entire
surrender of our jurisdiction over it, and it ap-
proaches very near to it. If this amendment be-
comes a law, we surrender it up to Texas, a slave
State, and of course extend slavery over it. I do
r.ot say that it is a final settlement of the bound-
ary question, but it certainly opens the territory
to slavery until that question is settled; and if sla-
very is once introduced there, does any one believe
that it will ever be driven out? No one can be-
lieve this.
But this is not all. What is the Senator's posi-
tion in respect to the general question ? California
and New Mexico are now free; the laws m force
there exclude slavery. I wish to give efficacy and
force to those laws. I wish to maintain them in
the condition in which we found them; and if fur-
ther legislation is necessary to give effect to that
law or prevent its evasion, ought not such legisla-
tion to be applied ? We do notask for legislation
to change the condition of the country, buTonly to
maintain it iri the condition in which it now is. Is
the Senator willing to do this ? No; he is willing
and seems to desne to leave the country in such u
situation as to give slavery a chance to introduce
itself there, if there is any way in which it can be j
done. We have the power to render the law pro-
hibiting slavery efficacious and certain, and to neg- I
lect to do so is to favor the introduction of slavery. !
What is the difference between neglecting to pro-
vide the necessary laws to keep slavery out of a
free territory, when we have the power to do it,
and the actual introduction of it by law? i can I
see none in substance, although there may be in
form. To permit slavery to intrude itself into a
free territory is one way of extending it.
Mr. President, I nowcome toconsider the charge 1
repeatedly made that the position we occupy is an
"aggression" upon the South. This charge is ■
constantly made. The Senator from Georgia, [Mr.
Johxson,] who preceded me, said we were making
war upon the. South. He spoke with too much I
warmth to be very guarded in his language. But :
his colleague on the other side of the Chamber,
i' who is remarkable for the precision of his language
!| and ideas, said, some days since, that the proviso
•I was a most palpable aggression upon the rights of
! the slave States, degrading to them, and one to
which they could not and would not submit. Is
Ihis so? I think 1 can show that there is not a
semblance of truth in the declaration. '
But a word further as to the aggression on" the
rights of the South. If a restriction operates un-
favorably in some respects upon the South, does
riot the omission of it act unfavorably on the free
States? One of the parties cannot say that your
principle is an aggression more than the other.
Here is a conflict of interests to a certain extent,
not very important, so far as the interests of the
States are concerned; but there is or may be an
advantage to the Tree States by a restiiction upon
slavery; and the omission to impose a restriction
is or may be an advantage to the slave States. One
principle is more favorable to emigration from the
free States; the other to emigration from the slave
I States; though 1 do not consider it a privilege to
any State to increase the inducements to its popu-
lation to remove from it. But it is no more correct
to say that the principle of one party is an aggres-
sion than that the principle of the other is aggres-
sive. Neither are aggressions, for the simple rea-
son that no State has any right in a Territory, nor
have the citizens of any State rights there, accord-
ing to the policy of this Government, any more
than the citizens of Great Britain. They can go
there, and so can the Irish go there; and both
will be protected alike, and have the same rights.
What rights have our citizens there more than
those from a foreign country ? I know of none;
and the idea that any policy in our Territories is
an aggression upon a State can derive no support
from the Constitution or any other source, because
the States have no rights there. I do not see that
the Territories belong to the States. They belong
to the Union. The States are parties to the Con-
federacy, but that gives them no rights as States in
the Territories. There is, therefore, no question
of State rights in the case. If the Territories be-
long to the Union, so do the public ships in the
navy-yards belong to the Union as much as the
Territories. Have the States any rights in the
public ships, except the rights which they have as
a part of the Confederacy, or, if you please, as
partners in the Confederacy? But the entire inter-
est and rights belong to the whole Confederacy,
and neither a State nor the citizens of a State have
any rights there which can be the subject of ag-
gression. If the exclusion of slavery from the
Territories is an aggression upon the slave States,'
by obstructing emigration, is not its admission,
for the same cause, equally an aggression upon the
free States? Why, then, is our policy aggressive
i more than that pursued by our opponents'
| I need say but a few words in respect to this
j amendment, after the able speech of the Senator
; from New York, [Mr. Di.^] and the remarks I
I submitted when this bill was up the other day. I
, have already incidentally alluded to that part of
I this proposition which virtually transfers all of
iNew Mexico east of the Rio Grande to Texas,
and thus puts it under the dominion of slavery,
ji Why surrender two-thirds of New Mexico, and
Ji nearly all of the settled portions of it, to Texas?
Ii Can any reason be assigned except to extend
lj slavery over it? This would, in my judgment, be
j a fatal objection to this proposition, were there no
I other. In this respect it expressly extends slavery
over a free territory, and leaves California open to
J its introduction there. But in other respects it is
I wholly objectionable. It places the entire powers
j of Government in the hands of the President. He
' is to appoint the judges and other civil officers
| without theconcurrence of the Senate; to presciibe
| the rules by which their conduct is to be governed;
j and is authorized to prescribe rules and regulations
I to preserve peace and quiet among the inhabitants,
j and to support and maintain justice These pro-
, visions give him not only the entire executive and
' judicial powers, but also the legislative. He is to
■ make the laws, to execute them, and to adininis-
; ter justice, and is subject to no cheek or rcsponsi-
; bihty whatever, except it be that of impeachment,
i But where there is an unlimited discretion, there
j can be no responsibility. He is also authorized
I to establish collection districts, to appoint custom-
house officers, and to form the civil divisions of the
