1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3lf
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Slavery in the Territories—Mr. Mullin.
Ho. of Reps.
known as the 2lst rule, and which was in the fol-
lowing words: "
"Every petition, memorial, resolution, proposition, or
paper, touching or relating in any way, or to any extent
•whatever, to slavery as aforesaid, or the abolition thereof,
shall, on the presentation thereof, without any further action
thereon, be laid upon the table, without being debated, print-
ed, or referred."
The Constitution provides—
« That Ooneress shall make no law abridging the risht of
the people to petition the Government for a redress of griev-
ances."
This Houseattempted to do, and succeeded (while
this rule remained in force) in doing-, by its rules,
what*ihe Constitution had forbidden both Houses
to do. Of what avail, sir, is the ri?ht to petition,
if the person addressed refused to hear? To lay-
on the table wifhoutreadin^, reference, orprinting,
was a denial of a clear constitutional ris;ht—a right
most dear to the people. To have submitted to this
flagrant violation of our rights would have shown
us to be unworthy of the privileges of freemen.
Thousands who had, up to this time, acted with
the South in hostility to the efforts of the Abolition-
ists, became alarmed. One important provision of
the Constitution had been trampled on, and there
was no guarantee, no assurance, that other and
"more important ones might not meet with the same
fate. It was a question of safety, of protection, of
defence. But, sir, while the rights of the North
were thus stricken down to gratify the purposes of
southern statesmen, the North uttered no threats of
dissolution; it quietly submitted to the outrage, but
proclaimed its purpose to repeal the obnoxious rule.
Sir, it waPhearly six years engaged in the struggle.
It had to overcome not only southern hostility,
but an opposition vastly more formidable—that of
the dough-faces—elected by the votes of northern
men, and bound by every consideration of duty
and of honor to carry out the views and wishes of
those whom they represented. But the obligations
to party, the love of the spoils and of office, were
stronger than the claims of justice, or good faith,
or their sense of duty to their constituents. Al-
though, sir, this rule has been swept away, yet we
have had but a barren triumph; our petitions are
still laid upon your table, without reading, printing,
or reference; and while a large majority of the peo-
ple have been demanding action at our hands upon
the subject of slavery, we refuse to comply with
their wishes, and set at defiance their authority.
The action of public sentiment is slow, but certain
and efficient; and the day is at hand, sir, when it
will drive from
sent its wishes and defeat its purposes
The South were not satisfied by striking down
the right of petition. The voice of every northern
man who dared to resist this encroachment on the
rights of the North must be silenced. Mr. Adams
had resisted with manly firmness the adoption of
the 21st rule. Immediately on its passage he_had
raised the cry of repeal, and the hills of New Kng-
land were echoing back the csy. Mr. Adams must
be stricken down; this formidable enemy of south-
ern agression must be removed or disgiaced. On
the 24th of January, 1841, Mr. Adams presented
to the House the petition of forty-six citizens of
Haverhill, in the State of Massachusetts, praying
Congress to adopt immediate measures for the
peaceable dissolution of the Union. Mr. A. moved
its reference to a select committee, with institutions
to report to the House the reasons irliy the prayer there-
of should not be granted. The petition was not re-
ceived
ment, ami for tt)e wound which he has permitted to be
aimed through his instrumentality at the Constitution ami
existence of his country, the peace, the security, and liberty
of the people of these United States, might well he held to
merit expulsion from the national councils; and the House
deem it an aet of crace and mercy when tliey only inflict
upon him their severest censure for conduct so utterly un-
worthy of his past relations to the States and of his present
position. This they hereby do for the maintenance of their
own purity and dignity; for the rest, they turn him over to
his ovvn conscience and the indignation ol all true American
citizens."
No step had been taken up to this time to pre-
vent the presentation of petitions on the subject of
slavery. The refusal to hear and act upon peti-
tions had brought down upon this House an ava-
lanche of these memorials, and it now became
necessary that no more should be presented. If
the champion of the right of petition could be si-
lenced or disgraced, southern gentlemen would be
released from all further apprehension. But, sir,
the honorable member from Massachusetts could
not be driven from his position. Powerful in in-
tellect, and doubly powerful in the justice of his
cause, he stood unmoved amjd the clamor of those
who, while they attacked and insulted, feared to
encounter him. Sir, the House was glad to lay
the whole subject on the table, and let the "old
! man eloquent" pursue his war upon the obnoxious
| rule in accordance with his own sense of justice
i and propriety.
There was ore other member of this House at
' that time, sir, who, next to Mr. Adams, was most
] obnoxious to the South. I mean the gentleman
I from Ohio, [Mr. Giddings,] now before me. He
! had taken high ground against slavery, and in de-
i fence of the right of petition. This was enough,
| sir, to make him the object of attack. On the
; 21st of March, 1842, this gentleman offered a
i series of resolutions in relation to the slaves who |
i captured the brig Creole on her passage from Vir-!
! ginia to New Orleans. These resolutions asserted j
that before the adoption of the Constitution of the
United States the several States had the absolute
| demned in the Capitol of his country for assenting,
! unwisely if you please, the principles of liberty.
Sir, is it a matter of surprise that, after such treat-
ment, the gentleman from Ohio is the uncompro-
mising enemy, not of the South, but of her favorite
institution ? On the22d of March, 1842, be resigned
his seat as a member of this House, and returned
to his constituents. On the 22d of May Mr. £3.
resumed his seat again, having been elected to fill
his own vacancy by a greatly increased majority.
Sir, is it surprising that the Western Reserve is
1 the enemy of slavery, that they should abhor and
j detest an institution whose advocates had driver)
i their representative from the House, because he
! dared to justify a slave in attempting to assert his
right to freedom? Why was this system of ag-
gression adopted by southern gentlemen? Did
they suppose that the North would tamely submit
to have her representatives insulted in and driven
out of this House ? Did they suppose, sir, because
they had in their employ a band of Hessians—
northern dough-faces, who fought on any side of
any cause for plunder—did they, I say, suppose
that the freemen of the North would submit to all
this without resistance? Sir, the South should
have known that the current of popular sentiment
; at the North runs deep and still; but that its power,
i when opposed, is as resistless as the avalanche.
| They should have taken warning not further to
| press the North, when they saw their allies one
| after another stricken down, because of their alli-
; ance with the South.
Mr. Chairman, this history of southern aggres-
sion is not closed. In.1841, South Carolina passed
a law providing that it should not be lawful for
any vessel of any size or description, owned in
whole or in part, or commanded or navigated, by
any citizen or resident of the State of New York,
or any such vessel owned or navigated by any-
other person than an actual inhabitant and resident
of South Carolina, and departing from any port
in said State to any port in New York, to depart
— —  ^ 1 • c 111 onJU (Jiuic cv-  uii r j/uit ~ j—-- -
control over the subject of slavery within their j; Qut 0fsaj<j State ofSouth Carolina until such ves-
—1 tni'tiianfi1.7Qron t n. fatpH 1 gel had undergone the inspection provided for in
! the act, foreign and national vessels excepted. The
I next section provides, that the vessels referred to
j in the first section should submit to an inspection,
j in order to ascertain whether there were any slaves
on hoard, and until a certificate was given, under
: a penalty of five hundred dollars. The next sec-
tion provides, that when any vessel, owned or
thi0lHdaUyaTl Jh^whrAitoepre" I' si'atesland that, therefore, the slaves on board the ^"^port of SouT Carotin!,Vsh'aHbe the
this Hall a I; those wt10 misiepre j, Creole wenj justlfieJ m nsw? u,?on their mas- ; d of t£e inspe(.tor t0 seize and hold said vessel-
ami neteat us tminoses. .1 • the vessel, and asserting and mam- / . , . i  <  
own limits; that no part of the powers of the States
over the subject was delegated to the Federal Gov-
ernment; that slavery, being an abridgment of
natural rights, could only exist by force of positive
law; and that a ship leaving the ports of one State
and going upon the high seas beyond the jurisdic-
tion of any of the States, the persons on board
! cease to be subject to the slave laws of any State,
and are subject only to the laws of the United
ters, capturing ...
taining their freedom. Sir, it is no part of my
purpose to censure or approve the conduct of the
gentleman from Ohio in offering these resolutions,
nor to express any opinion as to the truth or falsity ;
of the positions asserted in them. My purpose [
is to show the course which southern gentlemen
j adopted towards him for discharging what he be-
lieved, I h^e no doubt, to be his duty as well to
until the commander or other person shall give a
bond, in a penalty of one thousand dollars, condi-
tioned to pay and satisfy all judgments which
may be recovered against him for runaway slaves.
The eighth section of said aet authorized the in-
spector to receive ten dollars from each vessel for
inspection, and gave him the power to detain such
vessel until it was paid. Such, sir, are some of
.... . rt u 'he provisions of this most monstrous law. And,
his constituents as to the country. On the same ,, g;r wjlat New York done to call down upon
day of the introduction of these resolutions the i Q^ legislative folly? At a previous
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Botts] asked for a j, gesgion of jjer legislature, she had provided that in
suspension of the rules of the House to enable him j; oases of ilabeaa corpus, when the question of per-
to offer a resolution of censure upon the gentleman j
from Ohio. The House refused to suspend. In
this extremity, however, the South was not with- j
out a tool, a pliant tool, in the person of the col- ;
league (Mr. Weller) of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Giddings.] The State of Ohio being under |
sonal freedom was involved, the slave should have
the right of trial by jury. Yes, sir, because she
had dared to regulate the process of her own
courts, in her own way, all the bonds of friendship
must be severed; old attachments, formed in the
day of trial and suffering and oppression to both,
; and, immediately upon ita rejection, a gen- ^ for petltionSi Mr. Weller presented to the j. mug(. be {,rokel1. an(j f0" what? New York was
1 from Virginia [Mr. Uilmer] .oitereu tne H(mge t],e preamble and resolutions which the , wj||ir|<,
to extend to the slave the common rights
tlerrntn
following; resolution:
" Rcsob-c-l. That, m proven tine for the consideration of the
Hou-e a petition lor the; dissolution of the Union, the mem--
1,or from Ma^achusett- [Mr. Adams] has nicmiedthe
censure os the Hou^e."
On the next day, Mr. Thomas F. Marshall, a
member of this House from Kentucky, offered to
the House a preamble and resolutions. The reso-
lutions are as follows:
« Resolved, therefore, That the honoiable John a. Adams,
member from Massachusetts in presenting, foi the consid-
eration of the House of R<-ple,cm,mvcs ot the United teUte*
a piauna the dNsnliilmn oi the Union, has offered
th > det- mi;-t imh<*mtv to the Ilon-e of which he is a member,
an inMilt to the people of the Umt< d Suiea of which that
ilou«e i^ the legislative oipnn, and will, if this? outrage be
peruiitt. d to' p;v-s unrehuked and unpunished, have dis-
Sineed his eountn tluough their rcpieai ntatives in tiie eje*
ofthe whole wot id. , , , ,x . , „ .
"Mwlt at, fmthcr, That the alorosaid Joml U. Adnuis 101
this insult, die fiist of tlie Kind ever oiieied to the Govern-
  pr..
o-entleman from Virginia had desired to present.
That resolution is in the following words; .
« Rcsoh it' That thii House liotil the conduct of the said
' monger TMr'.Giddings] as altogcthei umvairanted and im- .
warrantable, and deserving the severe condemnation of the .
people of tills couulij, and ot this body 111 particular
of humanity; to defend him if wronged—sustain
him if right—sympathize with him if oppressed;
and for this, and this only, she forfeited the respect,
and even her claim to the justice of her southern
sister. Virginia has upon her statute book a law
I believe she was
On this lesolution the previous question was ; precisely similar, indeed, sir,
m„ ", ,d seconded, whereby all debate and i, the pioneer m this work of "conciliation andcom-
smendnient were cut off, the resolution was adopt- promise." But, sir, this is not all. feouth Oaio-
ed and the o-entleman from Ohio refused the right i] lina seized and imprisoned the colored seamen
of !defence—a right guarantied.to every citizen m employed in the vess J
vilized country was denied to an American the ISorth, wjthout any clu.if
every ct—  , mi
citizen by an American Congress. The next gen-
eration, when they shall read the history of these ,,
proceedings, will iloubt, if not deny, the authenti- j
city of thl record. They will hesitate to believe
that, in an age of light and liberty and bene-, olence, ,
a representative of the American people was con- i
.linst them of
Clime committed or even contemplated. Massa-
chusetts endeavored to resist this la\vr to test its
constitutionality; but, sir, the chivalry of South
Carolina could not endure the thought that her
legislation should be tried by the Constitution,
nor even by those principles of comity which
