$10
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 31,
30th Cong 2d Sess. , Railroad across the Isthmus of J^anama—Mr. Jefferson Davis.
Sknate.
Christian nations have uniformly extended to each
other. Her citizens drove from the State the agent
of Massachusetts sent to take the necessary steps
to test the validity of this law, and made it a high
misdemeanor for any of her citizens to act as the
agent of any State for that purpose. What, sir,
did New York and Massachusetts do under these
insults and injuries? Nothing, sir; nothing. They
did not even recriminate; they submitted in silence
to the wrong, because it could not be remedied
without violence, and perhaps not without blood.
Yet, sir, New York and Massachusetts are guilty
of aggression upon the South!!! They declare
that, by the laws of nature and of nature's God,
• all men are, and of right ought to be, free and
equal. And this, sir, is the head and front of their
aggression.
* The next step in this system of aggression is that
of the annexation of Texas. When this scheme
of wickedness and folly was presented to Mr. Van
Buren and his cabinet, it was indignantly spurned
as alike unwise and unjust; unwise for us and
unjust to Mexico. The administration of John Ty-
ler required another flower to complete the wreath
he hau won by his services to his country. Not-
withstanding he had piled up enormity upon enor-
mity, outrage upon outrage, and corruption upon
corruption, until his administration became a stench
in the nostrils of every honest man throughout the
Union; yet, sir, he must- needs add this to the
catalogue of his follies and his crimes. The idea
of annexation was entertained only because it was
feared that Texas might, if suffered to remain inde-
pendent, become a free Republic—not in name
only, but in fact; and because another slave State
was required to secure and confirm the slavehold-
ing influence in the Senate. Mr. Van Buren hav-
ing, duringhisadministration,opposed annexation,
cou'd not, as a consistent nor as an honest man,
yield his assent to it in 1844. He went into the
Baltimore Convention, in the summer of that year,
with a large majority of the delegates not onlv
favorable to his nomination, but instructed to sup-
port him as the candidate of the Democratic party
for the Presidency. He had dared to oppose the
annexation of Texas, a work demanded by the
South in order to extend, perpetuate, and establish
permanently the power of slavery in the Union,
and he was beaten; the South triumphed, and
Texas was annexed. Notwithstanding, however,
the defeat of Mr. Van Buren, the Democracy
rallied to a man in support of the candidate of the
party, and Polk and Texas" bccame the war-cry
of the defeated and defrauded friends of Mr. Van
Buren. While they were hostile at heart to the
extension of slavery,and to increasing the influence
of the slave power in this country, they were as
loud in their shouts of triumph at the success of this
nefarious scheme, as the most reckless slavery par-
tisan in the South! But,sir,notwithstandingall this,
neither Mr. Van Buren nor his friends were satis-
fied at his defeat. A wrong had been committed
upon their leader, and for no other reason than !
bccause he would not become the suppliant tool of j
southern arrogance. While these men, the pecu-
liar friends of Mr. Van Buren, were thus appa-
rently clamorous for annexation, they abhorred it
and hated the power that had assassinated their
chief m order to secure more effectually the interests
of an institution detested by every man of kind
heart and enlightened mind either North or South.
I assert, sir, without fear of contradiction, that
northern men of all parties were opposed to the
annexation of Texas, because its avowed object
was to extend and perpetuate slavery. And al-
though the Democracy gave their cordial support
to Mr. Polk in 1844, they did not desire that Texas
should become a member of this Union upon the
grounds and for the purposes southern gentlemen
were soliciting it. Had Mr. Van Buren not given !
in his acquiescence to the nomination of Mr. Polk, |
the vote of New York would have been given for j-
Mr. Clay, and annexation with all its evils would 1
have been prevented. The work of annexation was '
bes:un early in the administration of General Jack-
son, and, as I solemnly believe, with the conni- |
vance of that administration. The revolution of !1
Texas was a necessary step in the progress of the !
work, and while our Government maintained an I
app'srent neutrality, its influence, its encourage- I
ment, were given to those who were resisting the f
authority of Mexico. But, sir, after all tho labor 11
it has cost; after all the bad faith practised towards
a friendly power; after inflicting upon an able and
well-tried friend to southern men and southern
measures the blackest ingratitude; after years of
care and toil; after thousands of lives have been lost
and millions of treasure squandered; after all this,
and after annexation has been effected, what has
it all availed the South? The fruit, which was so
fair to the eye, is most bitter to the ta^te. The dar-
ling institution which was to be built up, strength-
ened, and perpetuated by the aid of Texas, has
been shaken to its center; this fountain, which was
to supply nourishment to a tottering and decaying
body, has carried witi) it nothing but poison—scat-
tered death and decay, where life and hope and
immortality were looked and longed for. Every
struggle that the South has made to perpetuate
slavery in this country has thus far only served to
weaken and endanger, and ultimately to destroy
it. Sir, this country can never submit to the fur-
ther extension of this institution. We are called
upon to resist it by the duty we owe to ourselves
and to those who shall become the inhabitants of
these Territories; by the claims of a common hu-
manity, by the religion we profess, and the spirit
of the institutions under which we live. We owe
it to the. reputation and character of our common
country, to our fellow-men, and to our God, to
free ourselves, as far as we constitutionally may,
from the disgrace of holding men in bondage.
Mr. Chairman, is it a matter of surprise, after
the recital of this catalogue of usurpations and
aggressions on the part of our southern friends,
that the North is excited, agitated, and alarmed?
Is it not, sir, much more surprising that it has sub-
mitted so tamely and so long to these outrages—
that it has not, by inn-eased agitation, by retalia-
;i tion and violence, attempted to punish, if not re-
j dress, the wrongs unjustly and unconstitutionally
; inflicted upon it? Every act of unjust aggression
|| that I have named has not only made men who
I had been ardent friends of the South cold jn their
:i zeal, but converted them by thousands into im-
n placable enemies—not enemies to the South or
! j southern jnen, but to the institution that led to the
I evils of which we complain. Southern gentlemen
i cannot have been blind to the workings of public
j sentiment in the northern States. They must have
I become satisfied by this time that the anti-slavery
i feeling of this country is not to be beaten down;
; that it must and will have its own way; and that
j! it will crush every obstacle it may find in its path,
ij Every year is giving it renewed life and energy; '
II and another Congress will demonstrate that not a
j1 man north of Mason & Dixon's line dare take the
;< part of the South on this question. As this ex-
1 ciiement progresses, as it extends from one class
of the community to another, it must and will
1 collect a mass of combustible material that, in the
i excitement and agitation incident to the struggle, i
! will endanger, not only the public peace, but the '
. safety of the Union itself. |
| Every consideration, then, sir, of du%, of policy, '
I of humanity, calls upon us to settle this disturbing ;
, question; to cast oil upon this troubled sea; to |
allay passion and prejudice; to save, while it is
1 possible, this glorious Union from destruction. ;
| Sir, the South tells us that the continuation of this j
I agitation must end in ruin to them; that it excites j
! their slaves, and renders less valuable their prop- '
| erty;that insurrection, with all its horrors of arson j
i and murder, must fall upon them, unless peace j
is restored and this excitement allayed. I might 1
j turn upon them, and ask them to tell me who it i
; was that has excited this tumult and stirred up :
I these bitter waters. But, sir, it would be unkind, >
1 and perhaps unjust. I have not only no desire to
' foment the unhappy contest, but will make any !,
reasonable sacrifice to secure harmony arid repose.
The cure, sir, for these sorrows, is not with north-
ern men. The South has sown the wind, and
; must reap the whirlwind. They have driven off
their friends, alienated their allies, weakened—
nay, endangered the very institution they have
sacrificed so much to secure; and the blame, if
blame there be, rests with themselves.
How, then, sir, are these dangers, formidable .
and threatening as tfhey are, to be avoided ? How
are peace and harmony to be restored to our coun-
cils, and security to the firesides of our southern
friends? " Compromise" is the proposed cure for
all these ills; this magic word is to allay the strife >.
and calm the passions that years of agitation have
produced. But, sir, there can be no compromise;
that day has gone by. The North has surren-
dered, until she has little left to yield. The deter-
mination of the North is, in my judgment, made
up unalterably. Under no circumstances can sla-
very be admitted into the new Territories. North-
ern statesmen could not, dare not yield, if they
would. A compromise made in opposition to pub-
lic opinion would be no compromise. The ink that
recorded it would not be dry before the cry of
repeal would be heard from every hill-top and
valley from Maine to Mississippi. Slavery cannot,
must not be extended. The cure, then, sir, for
this evil, is apparent. Let governments for these
Territories be organized; let slavery be prohibited;
abolish the traffic in human flesh in this District,
and provide for the emancipation of the slaves in
\ it upon such terms, and in such time, as justice to
the owner and the slave shall demand, and peace
and concord will be restored; but not till then. It
is of no avail, sir, to tell us that the South cannot
yield to this obvious policy because she will be
degraded—pulled down from that equality which
she has a right to enjoy to a condition of depend-
ence or of submission. Sir, if it be true that the
firebrand is at their roofs, and the knife at the
throats of their women and children, is that a time
to be discussing principles of etiquette ? Sir, if the
North has the majority, it has the right under and
within the Constitution to control the conduct and
policy of the Government; and why, sir, should
that right be yielded ? Much asu e love^ie Union,
much as we desire peace, we desire till freedom
of our race, the permanent and enduring glory of .
.our country infinitely more. But that freedom
caif'never be obtained, nor that glory won, while
we stand chargeable before Heaven and earth with
the guilt of withholding from man his natural and
inalienable rights, i appeal, sir, to the South, that
they will for the sake of the Union, for the sake
of their families, in the name of all that good men
hold most dear in life, aid us in giving quiet and
repose to our people, and in advancing our com-
mon country in the path of greatness and glory.
Let us forget all fancied wrongs and imaginary
ills, and, looking only to the happiness, the wel-
fare, the honor, the permanency of our beloved
country, let us strive to emulate each other in
works of kindness, benevolence, and love, where-
by the condition of our race will be elevated, hu-
man happiness advanced, and the liberty and glory
of our country perpetuated.
RAILROAD ACROSS THE ISTHMUS OF PANAMA.
REMARKS OF MR. DAVI.S,
of mississippi,
I.v the Senate of the United States,
January 31, 1849,
On the bill making compensation for the trans-
portation of Naval and Military Stores across
the Isthmus of Panama.
Mr. DOUGLAS withdrew his motion, made on
the previous day, to refer the bill to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
The question then recurred upon the following
amendment, submitted by Mr. Douglas; °
" Strike out all alter the enacting clause, and insert the
following:
"Ttiat the Secretary of the Navy be, and he hereby is,
authorized and directed to enter into a contract, on b^'haft
ol the United States, with William II. Aspiriwall, John L.
Stephens, and Hemy Chainicev, their associates and :\;-
signs, for the transportation, by".-team, ot naval and army
supplies, including troops, munitions of war, army, naval,
and public stores, the mails of the United Slates', and all
persons in their employment, to and fro over a railroad to
be contracted by thern and their associates across the Isth-
mus of Panama, from the Atlantic to the Pacific Ocean:
Prondcd, That the annual sum to be paid lorsueh transport-
ation shall not exceed the sum of two hundred and tifty
thousand dollars per annam : Jlnet jnoci'li:/.', That no pay-
ment under sueh contract shall he made until said railroad
shall be so far advanced as to permit said transportation
across the Isthmus of Panama wholly by steam-power:
•find provided fitrfhrr, That the contract to he made in pur-
suance to this act shall rrqmre the said railroad to he com-
menced within throe months,and he completed within three
years, from the date of ihe contract.
" Sec. '2. ./InA le it furtlur marled. That the saul contiact
shall contain a provision establishing a tariff of rates tor the
transportation over the said road of ail citizens of the United
Slates, and of ali persons who may arrive in the harbors or
at the depfits of said road in registered or enrolled vessels of
the United States; and for all goods, wares, and merchan-
