814
ATTENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. M,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
The Territorial Governments—Mr. Palfrey.
Ho. of Reps.
Everybody knew that the reinforcement could not
be put in motion in season for that object, and that
if it could, the force was wholly disproportionate
to, the occasion. A levy of ten millions of money
and fifty thousand troops meant no less than mas-
sacre a d rapine on a grand scale, to end, as the
prime movers in the plot intended and expected,
in the extension of slavery over vast conquered
regions.
The bitter fruits of brilliant victory are now be-
fore us. .Freedom is' threatened with another heavy
blow. The great question on the minds of men,
in and out of this Capitol, since this Congress
came together, has been the question whether the
free soil thus secured shall be kept free, or handed
over to the uses of slavery.
- A strong feeling on this subject has manifested
itself in the free States, and in some parts of them
a stubborn determination to prevent the meditated
wrong. On the other part, the most skillful
tactics have been here put in operation, and the
most novel and extraordinary doctrines advanced.
Throughout the last session, I think the principal
stress was laid on an argument, which—owing,
very likely, to my ignorance of previous Con-
gressional proceedings—struck me with surprise
when 1 first heard it announced here; the argu-
ment, namely, that slaves are regarded by the
Constitution of the United States as on the same
footing with any other property, that that Consti-
tution, operating on the Territories, would protect
the proprietor in his possession of them as much
as in the possession of his money or his cattle;
and that accordingly there is no power in or under
this Government to exclude slavery from the Ter-
ritoucs. if my memory serves me, this doctrine
was first introduced here by two gentlemen from
Alabama, [iViv. Gayle and Mr. Hilliard.] Why,
sir, to me it was enough that in the ordinance
of 1787, ratified under the Federal Constitution
in 1789, that question had been settled by our
fathers, the framers of that Constitution, while as
yet the domain of our ingenious young sister in
the southwest was partly a province of the King
of Spain, and partly an Indian hunting-ground. If
precedents can ever establish anything, the true
doctrine on this subject has been established, past
any danger of disturbance, by a long series of
precedents beginning sixty years ago, dating from
the very birth of the Republic. The paradox,
however, has been thought worthy of refutation.
It has received its deathblow at much stronger
-hands than mine. After the able manner in which
it has been treated, in particular by an eminent
Senator, [Mr. Dix,] by two of my distinguished
Colleagues, [Mr. Hudson and Mr. Mann*,] and at
the close of the last session, by the eloquent gen-
tleman from Georgia, (Mr. Stephens,] it would
be assumption in me to pretend to renew that con-
troversy.
Yet there is one point to which 1 do not remem-
ber that distinct reference has been made. The
champions of the Jllabamian theory—if I may so
name it to save words—maintained that when the
Constitution gave authority to Congress " to make
all needful rules and regulations respecting the
territory of the United States," it designed to give
to Congress power over territory as consisting of
public lands,—power to take measures for its ex- j
ploration, survey, sale, and occupation. Now, i
without assenting for a moment to the correctness |
of this postulate, I conceive that even this power j
would involve the power which we claim for the ;
prohibition of slavery. In even this capacity of
trustee of the public lands, Congress would not
discharge its duty if it did not put and keep them
in the best condition for the most profitable occu-
pation, sale, and use. If there were no stronger !
reason, Congress would be bound for this reason
to forbid slavery to set its foot within them, j
Would Congress do its duty by them as mere :
guardian and trustee, if it should admit within \
them a class of colonists who had a u peculiar in- |
stitution'1 of breeding rattlesnakes, or a 44 peculiar i
institution" by which they set fire every other 1
year to their neighbors' standing corn? Before
God, I believe that the Territories would be less
hurtfully dealt with by having their harvest fields ,
burned over every second year, than by having ]
slavery introduced within their borders.
The natural and obvious way of giving a gov- i
emment to California and New Mexico would i
have been, to follow the precedents of the Terri-
tories northwest of the Ohio,1 and the more recent
precedent of the Oregon bill. But to escape the
force of the wholesome anti-slavery provision
therein contained, we,have seen fill sorts of indi-
rections successively devised, with an ingenuity
and pertinacity well worthy- of a better cause.
Last session the Clayton compromise, so called,
found favor enough with the other branch to ma-
ture it for receiving its quietus at our hands, by
being immediately laid on the table without debate.
Unexpectedly, perhaps, there was found public
virtue enough here to strangle the newly-hatched
viper before it had time to draw a second breath
in the Hall of the Representatives of freemen.
The old Missouri compromise has been talked of
occasionally, as what the champions of slavery
may, by and by, be willing to accept, when they
find they can do no better; but it has not yet been
found to be regarded with sufficient favor on the
other side, to authorize a distinct proposal of the
plan. There was the project so much extolled on
the one side, and so much berated on the other, in
the late Presidential canvass, for allowing the in-
habitants of the Territories themselves to settle
the question; in other words, allowing the first
few thousands who might chance to emigrate, to
establish an organic law for the hundreds of thou-
sands who should follow, and determine a -vast
issue, vitally affecting the political condition and
safety of the millions of us who should remain at
our homes.
Then there are the schemes—all amounting to
about the same thing as the last—of the Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] and the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Hilliard] for erecting the
Territories forthwith into States, so that, uncon-
trolled by the General Government, they may per-
mit or exclude slavery, according to their own dis-
cretion, or rather according to the will of the new
citizens from the South, who would crowd into
them with the view of determining their policy.
The gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Preston,]
improving on this project, and proposing to form
but one State of the whole territory, finds no diffi-
culty m the fact that his State will have an extent
of between five and six hundred* thousand square
miles, and that its population, so suitable, from its
compactness, as well as from its acquaintance with
the rights and duties of American citizens, to car-
ry on a government, might, for every three square
miles, have about one inhabitant. And now, it
report says true—for I must take care not to be
unpailiamentary—an expectation is entertained in
another part of this Capitol, of defeating the pur-
pose of the free North by an appendage to the
civil and diplomatic appropriation bill. It is said
that that irregularity, ahvays most objectionable,
but of which, it is true, there are examples, of in-
serting other matter irra money bill (which ought
to be confined to putting the treasury in the pos-
session of means to meet claims previously author-
ized by law) is now to be carried  to an extent
i altogether unparalleled and outrageous. It is said
j that there is a plan of this kind on foot [Mr. Sen-
j ator Walker's amendment to the appropriation
! bill] to surrender to slavery, by surrendering to
} Texas, all the territory of New Mexico east of
! the Rio Grande; to establish a territorial govern-
I ment over the rest of the newly-acquired provm-
> ces, without any restriction like that of the ordi-
! nance of 1787; to invest the President with almost
< unlimited power therein, legislative and judicial,
as well as executive; and, by providing for the
protection of the coastwise slave trade, to give
slavery a secure footing on the soil.
Ail these contrivances tend to one and the same
object. It is, to introduce slavery into the newly-
acquiied territory, and so to fortify and perpetuate
the slavery element in the administration of the
j government of this country. Warned equally by
j past experience and by the anxiety which wc now
( see manifested and the artifices practised to bring
1 about this result, we, on the other hand, who stand
for the rights of freedom, can be content with no
evasions, no silence, no ambiguities, no postpone- '
ments. We can be satisfied with nothing but pos-
itive legal prohibition of slavery, after the manner
of our ancestors m the better days of the Republic.
*5,&.0UU square miles, exclusive of the country claimed
by Texas east of the Rio Grande. j
With anything short of that, we know full well
that when it is too late we shall find ourselves cir-
cumvented and baffled as we have so often been
before.
I cannot be expected so much as to glance at all
the topics of argument which have been presented
in this long discussion. I shall but ask the atten-
tion of the committee to two or three of those
which have been made most prominent.
We have been told, over and over again, that
slavery is a local institution, with which we of the
free States have nothing to do. Sir, have we noth-
ing to do with the Government under which we live?
Is it no concern of ours who constitute that Gov-
ernment? Is it none of our business what shall be
ihe policy of its Administration ? These Territo-
ries are in the course of time to become States, and
in whatsoever State slavery exists, however small
the minority of slaveholders as compared with their
non-slaveholding fellow-citizens, from that State—
so insidious is the working of the system,—you
may be all but sure that the Representatives sent
to both branches of the National Congress will be
slaveholders themselves, or if, in rare cases, not
so, will at least be representatives of the interests
of slavery. There may be occasional exceptions,
I trust that, in future, there will be not a few. But.
the rule is undoubtedly as I have stated it. Admit
slavery within these Territories now, and they will
by and by be slave States, represented by slave-
holders m the Senate of the Union, and helping to
uphold in that branch that same course of caste
legislation, which has long excited so much rea-
sonable discontent, and which has dflhe so much
to arouse the feeling of the present day. Admit
slavery within them, and by an altogether unan-
tieipatedextension of the great compromise of the
Constitution, you promote the free citizen of New
Mexicoand California to a- degree of power not
possessed by the citizen of the free States, in the
constitution of this body, and in the election of the
Chief Executive Magistrate. For reasons deemed
sufficient, it was agreed that there should be a rep-
resentation here of three-fifths of a population who
have no political rights, and whose vote is given
by their masters; so that if, under the present ratio
of representation, there should be a district in this
country with a population consisting of ten thou-
sand free people and a hundred thousand slaves,
the ten thousand freemen in that district would
have as much weight in the councils of the nation
as seventy thousand freemen in' my district, or in
any other of -the free States of the North. And
accordingly it has come to pass that the State of
South Carolina, with a free population not so great
as that of the State of New Hampshire or Connect-
icut, and not three-quarters as great as the city of
j New Yoik, has seven representatives on this floor;
i while New Hampshire, Connecticut, and New York
| city have but four each. This was so nominated
;j in the bond, and we submit to it without complaint,
j! though not without a sense of the haidship. But
j; now you propose to us to agree—or rather you say
'' it shall be, whether we agree or not—that this sin-
jj gular, and, on all abstract grounds, indefensible
I. arrangement, having no force nor reason of any
j kind beyond the limits within which it was 011:311-
i ally applied, should be extended to other commu-
nities, whose power, exerted in this way, is to be
brought into the direction of our-national affaiis.
! No, sir, we can agree, and we can submit, to no
such thing. Except so far as we have conipro-
j mised away our rights, we must insist on still
I having tlpm. We must insist that no section of
this country shall have such a political precedency
over another. We must insist that a freeman m
Massachusetts shail weigh for as much m the po-
litical scale as a fieeman at Santa Fe or San Fran-
cisco. We cannot consent so to settle our con-
quered provinces that a freeman in tliem, because
he owns (as it is called) five slaves, shall, in the
administration of the government which is over
us both, have four votes where we have but one.
This was not the entertainment to which the Con-
stitution of our fathers lnviteiTus. What we have
stipulated to do, 111 the surrender of our natural
rights, we will do—sorrowfully, it may be, but
faithfully. Beyond that line, it is idle to expect
us to go.
So much, and more of the same kind, have we
of the fiee States to do with the introduction of
slavery into California and New Mexico, if we
