318
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 23,
80th Cong 2d Sess. Slave Trade and Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. Mann.
Ho. of Reps.
SLAVE TRADE AND SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT
OF COLUMBIA.
SPEECH OF MR. HORACE MANN,
. OP' MASSACHUSETTS,
In the House op Representatives,
Februmy 93, 1849,
On Slavery and die Slave Trade in the District of
Columbia.
Mr. MANN said:
* .Mr. Chairman: There is a bill upon the Speak-
er's table which provides for abolishing the slave
trade in the District of Columbia. For three suc-
cessive days, we have tried in vain to reach it, in
the order of business. Its opponents have baiTied
our efforts. Our difficulty is nol,in carrying the
bill, but in reaching it. I am not without appre-
hension that the last sands of this Congress will
run out, without any action upon the subject.
Even should the bill be taken up, it is probable
that all debate upon it will be suppressed by that
sovereign silencer—the previous question. Hence
I avail myself of the present opportunity, as it
is probably the only one I shall have during the
present session, to submit my views upon it.
L frankly avow, in the outset, that the bill pro-
vides for one part only of an evil, whose remedy,
as it seems to me, is not only the object of a rea-
sonable desire, but of a rightful and legal demand.
The bill proposes the abolition, not of slavery, but
only of the slave trade in the District of Columbia.
My argument will go to show, that within the
limits of this District, slavery ought not to exist in
fact, and does not exist in law.
Sir, in the first placp, let us inquire what is the
state of things in this District on this subject. The
gentleman from Indi^pa, [Mr. R. W. Thompson,]
who addressed us a few days since, used the fol-
lowing language:
" What is the slave trade in the District of Columbia ? I
have heard a great deal said <ihout' slave pen*'—about slaves
sold at auction—and about stripping th<> mother from the
child, and the husband from the wife. These thing* may
exist lifcre, but f do not know of them. Since I have been
in the habit of visiting the District—which is from my boy-
hood—I have never been a negro sold here—I have never
seen a band of negroes taken off by the slave trader. I do
not remember that 1 have ever seen the slave trader himself.
I kn-ow nothing of the 'slave pen' that is so much talked
about. It may be hero, however, and these things may hap-
pen every day before the eyes of gentlemen who choose to
hunt them up, but for myself, I have no taste for such things."
Now, sir, if the gentleman means to say that he
has no personal knowledge of " slave pens" and
of the slave traffic in this District, that is one thing*;
but if he means to deny or call in question the
existence of the traffic itself, or of the dens where
its concentrated iniquities make up the daily em-
ployment of men, that is quite another thing. Sir,
from the western front of this Capitol, from the
piazza that opens out from your Congressional
library, a3 you cast your eye along the horizon and
over the conspicuous objects of the landscape—the
President's Mansion, the Smithsonian Institution,
and the site of the Washington Monument—you
cannot fail to see the horrid and black receptacles
where human beings are penned like cattlc, and
kept like cattle, that they may be sold like cattle— j
as strictly and literally so as oxen and swine are ]
kept and sold at the Smithfield shambles in London, j
or at the cattle fair in Brighton. In a communica- :
tion made during the last session, by the Mayor 1
of this c!tyj to an honorable member of this House, :
he, acknowledges the existence of slave pens here.
Up and down the beautiful river that sweeps i
along the western margin of the District, slavers i
come and go, bearing their freight of human souls !
to be vended in this mat ket-pJace; and after they i
have changed hands, according to the forms of j
commerce, they are re-transported—the father of'a '
family to go, perhaps, to the rice fields of South j
Carolina, the mo'her to the cotton fieLds of Ala- :
bama, and the children to be scattered over the ;
sugar plantations of Louisiana or Texas. t
Sir, it is notorious that the slave traders of this i
District advertise for slaves in the newspapers of j'
the neighboring counties of Maryland, to be dehv-
ered in any numbers at their slave-pens in this
city; arid that they have agents, in the city and 1
out of it, who aie engaged in supplying victims
for their shambles. Since the gentleman from In-
diana was elected to tins Congress, and, I believe, ,i
since he took his seat in this Congress, one coffie <i
of about sixty slaves came, chained and driven,
into this city, and at about the same time another
cofHe of a hundred. Here they were lodged for
a short period, were then sold?and went on their
returnless way to the engulfing Souths
Sir* all this is done here under our own eyes,
and within hearing of our own ears. All this is
done now, and it has been done for fifty years—
ever since the seat "of the National Government
was established in this pface, and ever since Con-
gress, in accordance with the Constitution, has
exercised **exclusive legislation" over it. But the
gentleman from Indiana, though accustomed to
visit this District from his boyhood, has "never
seen a negro sold here;" he has "never seen a
band of negroes taken off by the slave trader;"
he does not remember to have seen "the slave tra-
der himself;" he kno\tfs " nothing of the slave-pen
that is so much talked about." Sir, the eye sees,
not less from the inner than from the outer light.
The eye sees what the mind is disposed to recog-
nize. The image upon the retina is nothing, if
there b%not an inward sense to'discern it. The
artist sees beauty; the philosopher sees relations
of cause and effect; the benevolent man catches
the slightest tone of sorrow; but the insensate
heart can wade through tears and see no weeping,
and can live amidst groans of ajiguish, and the air
will be a non-conductor of the sound. I know a
true anecdote of an American gentleman who
walked through the streets of London with a Brit-
ish nobleman; and beitfg beset at every step of the
way by squalid mendicants, the American, at the
end of the excursion, adverted to theiriiavmg run
a gauntlet between beggars. "What beggars?"
said his lordship; "Ihave seen none."
But the gentleman from Indiana says, " but fpr
myself, I have no taste for such things." His
taste explains his vision. Suppose Wilberforce
I and Ciarkson had had no " taste'* for quelling the
horrors of the African slave trade. Suppose How-
ard and Mrs. Fry to have had no " taste" for lay-
ing open the abominations of the prison-house,
and for giving relief to the prisoner. Suppose
Miss Dix to have had no "taste" for carrying
solace and comfort and restoration to the insane.
Suppose the Abbe L'Epee to have had no "taste"
for teaching deaf mutes; or the Abbe Hauy for edu-
cating the blind; or M. Seguin and others for train-
ing idiots, and for educing docility and decency and
a love of order from those almost imperceptible
germs of reason and sense, that barely distinguish
them from the brutes 1 Suppose these things, and
in what a different condition would the charities
and the sufferings of the world have been! Herod
had no "taste" for sparing the lives of the children
of Bethlehem, and of all the coasts thereof; and
doubtless he could have said, with entire truth,
that he never heard the voice, in Rama, of lament-
ation and weeping and great mourning; nor saw,
among all the mothers of Syria, any Rachel weep-
ing for her children and refusing to be comforted,
because they were not. But, sir, just in propor-
tion as the light of civilization and Christianity
dawns upon the world, will men be found who have
j; a "taste" for succoring the afflicted and for right-
:j ing the wronged. It was the clearest proof of the
I Great Teacher's, mission, that he had "a taste" for
, " going about, doing good."
During the lust fifty years, and especially during
the last half of these fifty years, the world has
1 made great advances in the principles of liberty.
Human rights have been recognized, and their
practical enjoyment, to some extent, secured.
. There is not a* Government in Europe, even the
most iron and despotical of them all, that has not
participated in the ameliorations which character-
ize the present age. A noble catalogue of rights
, has been wrC3ted by the British Commons from
the British nobility. France and Italy have been
I revolutionized. Even the Pope of Rome, whose
i power seemed as eternal as the hills on which he
was seated, has sunk under the shock. Prussia,
and all the Germanic Powers, with the exception
of Austria, have been half revolutionized; and even
the icy despotisms of Austria and Russia are forced
to relent under those central fires of liberty which
burn forever in the human heart, as the central
fires of the earth burn forever at its core. Great
Britain has abolished African slavery throughout '
all her realms. France has declared thatuny one
who shall voluntarily become the owner of a slave, '
or shall voluntarily continue to be the owner of a
slave cast upon him by bequest or inheiitance,
shall cease to be a citizen of France. Denmark
has abolished slavery wherever it existed in her
possessions. The Bey of Tunis, acting under the
light of th&Mohammedan religion, has abolished it.
The priests of Persia declare the sentiment to have
come by tradition from Mohammed himself, " that
the worst of men is the seller of men." Not only
all civilized nations, but the half-civilized, the semi-
barbarous, are acting under the guidance of the
clearer light and the higher motives of our day.
But there is one conspicuous exception; there is
one Government which closes its eyes to this in-
creasing light; yhich resists the persuasion of these
ennobling motives; which, on the grand subject of
human liberty and human rights, is stationary and
even retrogrades, while,the whole world around is
advancing; sleeps while all others" are awaking;
loves its darkness while all others are aspiring and
ascending to a pure^air and a brighter sky. This
Government, too, is the one which is most boastful
and vainglorious of its freedom; and, if the humili-
ating truth must be spoken, this Government is our
own. In regard to slavery and the slave trade in
this District, where we possess the power of exclu-
sive legislation, we stand where we stood fifty
years ago. Not a single ameliorating law has been
passed. In practice, we are where wc were then;
in spirit, there are proofs that we have gone back-
ward.
There are now on the surface of the globe two
conspicuous places—places which are attracting
the gaze of the whole civilized world—whither
men and women are brought from great distances
to be sold, and whence they are carried to great
distances to suffer the heaviest wrongs that human
nature can bear. One of these places is the coast
of Africa, which is among the most pagan and
benighted regions of the earth; the other is the
District of Columbia, the capital and seat of Gov-
ernment of the United States.
As far back as 1808 Congress did what it could
to abolish the slave trade on the coast of Africa.
In 1820 it declared the foreign slave trade to be
piracy; but on the 31st of January, 1849, a bill was
introduced into this House to abolish the domestic
slave trade in this District—here, in the center and
heart of the nation—and seventy-two Representa-
tives voted against it—voted to lay it on the table,
where, as we all know, it would sleep a dreamless
sleep. This was in the House of Representatives.
It is well known that the Senate is still more re-
sistant of progress than the House; and it is the
opinion of many that even if a bill should pass
both House and Senate, it would receive the Exec-
utive veto. By authority of Congress, the city of
Washington is the Congo of America.
But, §till more degrading than this, there is
another contrast which we present to the whole
civilized world. The very slaves upon whom we
have trodden have risen above us, and their moral
superiority makes our conduct ignominious. Not
Europeans only, not only. Arabians and Turks,
are emerging from the inhumanity and the enor-
mities of the slave traffic; but even our own slaves,
transplanted to the land of their fathers, are raising
barriers against the spread of this execrable com-
merce. On the shores of Africa, a republic is
jj springing up, whose inhabitants were transplanted
j' from this Egypt of bondage. And now, look at
;■ the government which these slaves and descend-
ii ants of slaves have established, and contrast it
I, with our own. They discard the institution of
m slavery, while we cherish it. A far greater pro-
ji portion of their childten than of the white children
of the slave States of this Union are at school.
| In the metropolis of their nation, their Hag does
11 not protcct the slave traffic, nor wave over the
, slave mart. Would to God that the very oppo-
ji site of this were not true of our own. Their
; laws punish the merchandise of human beings;
| our laws sanction and encourage it. They have
f erected,and are erecting, fortifications and military
posts along the shores of the Atlantic, for seven
, hundred miles, to prevent pirates from invading
the domain of their neighbors, and kidnapping
people who, to them, are foreign nations. We
open market-places here, at the centre of the na-
tion, where, from seven hundred miles of coast,
the sellers may come to sell, and where buyers
may come to buy, and whence slaves are earned
