320
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 23,
30th Cong 2d Sess. Slave Trade and Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. Mann.
Ho. of Heps,
the darkness from her skin; and suppose she is not
unwilling to submit herself to the libertine's em-
brace; then, too, that which before was worth but
five hundred dollars, will now bring a thousand.
And thus infernal as well as celestial qualities are
coined into money according to the demands of the
market and the uses of the purchaser.
Now, it is only in some such incidental way, and
with regard to some individuals, that it can be said,
that their condition is better here than it would be
in Africa. And this improvement, where it exists,
is not the result of any system of measures de-
signed for their benefit, but is the product of selfish
motives, turning godliness into gain; and where
more gain or more gratification can be obtained by
th% debasement, the irreligion, the pollution of the
would to God that I could—that we still have vices
and vicious men amongst us. There are those
there, as elsewhere, who if they were to hear for
the first time of the River of Life flowing fast by
the throne of God, would instinctively ask whether
there were any good mill-sites on it. There are
those there, as elsewhere, whose highest aspira-
tions for heaven and for happiness, whether for
this life or for another, are a distillery and a sugar-
house, with steam machinery to mix the products.
There, as elsewhere, there are religionists who are
quick to imitate the Savior when he strikes, but
despise his example when he heals.
But, sir, let me say this for Massachusetts, that
whatever sins she may have committed in former
times—-whatever dissenters she may have perseeu-
slave, there the in3tmcts of chastity, the sanctity j ted, or witches she may have hanged, or Africans
of the marriage relation, the holiness of maternal she may have stolen and .sold—she has long since
love, are all profaned to give security and zest to the j abandoned these offences, and is bringing forth
guilty pleasures of the sensualist and debauchee. fruits meet for repentance. And is a State to have
There are individual exceptions to what I have ! no benefit from a statute of limitations? Is a crime
said,—exceptions which, amid surrounding ini- j committed by ancestors to be forever imputed to
quity,shine "likeajewel in an Ethiop's ear;" but 1 their posterity? This is worse than non-forgiv~
they are exceptions. Laws, institutions, and the
prevailing public sentiment, are as I have described.
I regard the argument, therefore, of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Brown] not only as
utterly unsound and false in its premises, but as
blasphemous in its conclusions. Common blas-
phemy seldom reaches beyond exclamation. Itis
some fiery outburst of irrtpibus passion, that flashes
and expires. But the gentleman reasons it out
coojly. His is argumentative blasphemy, bor-
rowing the forms of logic that it may appear to
have its force, and transferring it from the pas-
sions to the intellect, to give it permanency.
But the gentleman from Pennsylvania retorts
upon Massachusetts, and refers to .certain things j
in her history which he regards as disreputable to
"her. In this, he has been followed by the gentle- j
man from Virginia, [Mr. Bedinger,] who has i
poured out a torrent of abuse upon my native j
State, and who has attempted to iortify his own |
intemperate accusations from a pro-slavery pam- j
phlet wjiich has been profusely scattered about J
this House within a few days past, and which is I
not merely full of falsehoods, but is composed of j
falsehoods; so that if one were to take the false j
assertions and the false arguments out of it, there |
would be nothing but the covers left.* Sir, I am
very far from arrogating for Massachusetts all the
merits and the virtues which she ought to possess.
I mourn over her errors, and would die to reform,
rather than spend one breath to defend them. The
recital of her offences can fall more sadly upon no
ear than upon my own. But it is as" true of a
State'as of an individual, that repentance is the
  first step towards reformation. Massachusetts has
committed errors; but when they were seen to be
errors, she discarded them. She once held slaves;
but when she saw that slavery was contrary to the
rights of man and the law of God, she emancipated
them. She was the first government in the civil- i
ized world—in the whole world, ancient or mod
* em
nessf it is making punishment hereditary. Sir, of
these offences, Massachusetts has repented and
reformed; and she is giving that noblest of atone-
ments or expiations, which consists in repairing
the wrong that has been done; and where the vic-
tim of the wrong has himself passe'd away, and is
beyond relief, then in paying, with large interest,
the debt to humanity, which the special creditor
is no longer present to receive, by seeking out the
| to common schools, as to their souice. Two
j only, of the whole number thus collected, origin-
' ated in Massachusetts, and one of these was a
I case of suicide committed by a man who had be-
; come insane from the loss of his wife. Which of
1 these events, in the opinion of my anonymous cor-
i respondent, constituted the crime—whetBer the
i bereavement that caused the insanity, or the suicide
| comjnitted in one of its paroxysms—I am unable
! to say.. Now, what satisfaction even a bad man
j could have in referring offences against law and
i morality to the institution of public schools, when
he must have known that the very existence of the
offences only proves that education has not yet
done its perfect work, I cannot conceive. And
what spite, either against an educational office
which I once held, or against an institution which
I is worthy of all honor, could be so mean and paltry
| as to derive gratification from referring me to long
I lists of offences, only one of which was committed
J in my native.State, I must leave for others to con-
| jecture. Surely the author of thess letters must
j have known little of common schools, and profited
1 by them as little as he has known. Had he re-
ferred to any considerable number of crimes per-
petrated in Massachusetts, I would take his letters
home and carry them into our public schools, and
make them the text for asermon, in which I would
warn the children to beware of all crimes, and es-
pecially of the meanness and the wickedness which
feels a complacency in the crimes of others, or can
give a false paternity to them. And, sir, I should
objects of want and suffering, wherever they may i be sure of a response, for out of those schools
be found. Sir, our accusers unconsciously do us there is going forth a nobler band of youn  men
the highest honor, when, m their zeal to malign n and women than ever before conferred intelligence
us. the.v seek for Won,..*! ™,.hp. if !> vjrtue) refinement, tfnd renown upon any people
us, they seek for historical reproaches. If they
could find present offences wheiewith to upbraid us,
they would not exhume the past. But they con-
demn themselves, for they show that even the re-
suscitation of the errors of the dead gives them
more pleasure than a contemplation of the virtues
of the living. One thing is certain, the moment
the other States shall imitate our present example,
they will cease to condemn us for our past offences.
The sympathy of a common desire for improve-
ment will destroy the pleasure of crimination.
or community on the face of the globe.
But whatever may be said in mitigation or in
condemnation of slavery elsewhere, there are spe-
cial reasons why it should be discontinued in this
District. This District is the common property of
the nation. Having power of exclusive legislation
over it, we are all responsible for the institutions
in it. While slaves exist in it, therefore, it can
be charged upon the North that they uphold sla-
very. This is unjust to us, because it places us
And where, I ask, on the surface of the earth, ;| before the world in the attitude of sustaining what
thfirfi n nnnn atinn ni nrilw <= i o- ii t Vmnrl roH 11    j . . t. •  . . o
is there a population of only eight hundred thou-
sand who are striving so earnestly and doing so
much to advance the cause of humanity and civil-
ization, as isdomg by the people of Massachusetts?
Where else, where universal suffrage is allowed,
is a million of dollars voted every year, by the very
men who have to pay it, for the public, free edu-
cation of every child in the State? Where else,
by such a limited population, is another million of
dollars voluntarily voted and paid each year for
we condemn. It wounds our moral and religious
sensibilities, because we believe the institution to
be cruel towards men, and sinful in the sight of
Heaven; and yet we are made apparently ufsanc-
! tion it. It is like that species of injustice where a
! man is compelled by a tax to support a religion
; which he disbelieves, and to pay a hierarchy
I whom his conscience compels him to denounce.
But the existence of slavery here is not necessary
1 to the faith or the practiceofoursouthern brethren.
the salanes of clergymen alone? Where else, ; If they believe it to b4 a useful and justifiable'in-
voice the population is so small, and natural re- ; stitution, then they evince the sincerity of that
sources so few and scanty, ,s still another million j, belief by sustaining and perpetuate it at home
nL, I"? an"Uh yS'?K ln Skater For this purpose, there is no necessi ty of a cruwde
portion of which is sent beyond their own borders, .j to propagate it, or sustain it elsewhere
flows into every State in the Union, and leaves not I Look at the relation which we bear to it in an-
a nation on the globe, nor an island in the sea un- l! * ' 1 - 5
aboJ& *h?!*.ver she h,ad P°wer 1 watcre(} bX its feruliz'ing streams."" Look"into ?he ij chddhoXt^
to do so. This is an honor that no rival can ever ; statute book of Massachusetts, for the last twenty
snatch from her brow. Once—I say it with hunul- i years, and you will see how the whole current of
iatton—she was engaged in the slave trade. But , her legislation has set in the direction of human
all the gold that could be earned by the accursed i, improvement—for succoring disease or restoration
traffic, though spent in the splenuorsof luxury and : from it, for supplying the pnvations of nature, for
the seductions of hospitality, could not save the reclaiming the vicious, for elevating all—a com'pre-
trader himself from infamy and scorn; and I am : hensiveness of scope that takes in every human
,.i..,.„ ....j , being, and an eneigy of action that folios
individual with a blessing to his home. When
others will abandon their offences, then let live re-
t. 1
propel- to advert to the fact
that 1 have had other proofs, during the present -
session of Congress, of the same spirit of crimina-
tion and obloquy, which was so fully developed '
in the speeches of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Brown] and the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Bedin-ger.J Through the post office of the
House of Representatives, I have been in the reg-
ular receipt of anonymous letters, made up mainly
of' small slips cut irurri newspapers printed at the
North, descubing some case of murder, suicide,
robbery, or other offence. These have been ar-
ranged under the heads of different States—Ohio,
Pennsylvania, New York, Connecticut, &c., and
accompanied, in the margin, with rude drawings
of a schoolbook or a schoolhou&e, and all referred
has become in me not merely a conviction of the
understanding, but a sentiment of the heart. This
maxim is my principle of action, whenever I am
called upon to act; and it rises spontaneously to my
contemplations when Ispeculateupon human duty.
It is the plainest corollary from the doctrine of the
sure I am right in saying that the slave trade ceased ! being, and an eneigy o'racuoiTthat fo'llows'everv mpnman'  that W.he" ' see "mml>or a
to be conducted by Massachusetts merchants and !< individual with a blessing to his home. When "! "'a!: J „ "°J_e.2ual 10 n,yself 'n°|>por-
to be carried on in Massachusetts ships, from Mas- i; others will abandon their offences
sachusetts ports, before it was abandoned by the 1 membrance of them be blotted ou
merchants and discontinued m the ships and from K But, sir, 1 think it proper to a
the ports of any other commercial State or nation 
in the world.
This, too, is an honor, which it will
be hers, through all the immortality of the ages,
alone to wear. But Massachusetts, it is still said,
has her idolaters of Mammon in other forms. It
is charged upon her that many of her children still
wallow in the sty of intemperance; that her spirit-
ualism runs wild in religious vagaries; and that
sometning of the old leaven of persecution still
clings to her heart. In vindicating what is right, I
will not defend what is wrong, i cannot deny 
* Lecture on the North anil the South, ileliveied m Col-
tege Hall. January 16, 38i9, before iLe \"ouu« n -s IVIur-
FiSi'r *J*biary ul Cincinnati. " IIy Vlwuvd
turn ties, in gifts, in means oi improvement, or in mo-
tives and incitements to an elevated character and
an exemplary life—I say, it is the plainest corol-
lary, that I should desire to elevate those men to
an equality with myself. However far my own
life may fall below the .standard of Christianity and
gentlcmttnliness, yet I hold it to be clear, that no
man is a Christian or a gentleman, who does not
cairy about an habitual frame of mind which
prompts him, as far as he has the means to do it,
to instruct all the ignorance, to relieve all the pri-
vations, to mini.ster to al! the pains, and to supply
all the deficiencies of those with whom he meets
in the daily walks of hfc; and, so faros he is a
man who wields influence, possesses authority, or
exercises legislative power, he is bound to exert
his gifts and his prerogatives for the amelioration
and the improvement of his fellow-men. This is
■ the loweu standard of duty that any one who
