1849.]
30th Cong 2d Skss.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
323
Slave Trade and Slavery in (he District of Cohmtta—Mr. Mann.
Ho. of Reps.
gels out of i he territory where it prerr/?7s, and out of the power !
■of m.i-icr, rind yets urrd<*r the protection ofanothei power, i
without any wrongful act done by the party giving Hint pro- '
taction, the right of the master, v kick is founded on tfve mu- '
■rdvijxii (wj oj (he particular phicc em'r/, does not continue, j
* ^nd tin-re i>; no nghtof action n^ain-t a pnrty wfio merely j
receives the :-iave in that country, wuisout doing any wron*'- j
fui Met."" ® j
The definition of slavery given by the Roman law |
implies that it is local; Servttus est constitutio juris <
gentium, qua quis dominio alieno, contra natuiiam, ]
subjicitur. 18 Pick.-Rep., 193, Commonwealth vs. j
Avcs. Lunsford^s. CoquiNon, 14 Martin's Rep. !
402. ** 1 he relation of owner and slave is a creation '
<>r the municipal law." 3 Marshall, 470, (Ky..) '
Rankin vs. Lydia. 1 Wash. C. C. Rep., 439,
Butler vs. Hopper. 4 Wash. C. C. Rep.. 296, '
£x parte Simmons. 9 Curry's Louisiana Rep., ,
473, Marie Louise vs. Marot et al. \
This point may be presented in another light, j
By the law of nature all men are free. But in some
Governments the law of the Stale, upheld by the ;
power of the State, overrides the law of nature, '
and enslaves a portion of the people. The lav/ of !
natuie recedes before this legalized violence; hut it
recedes no further than the legalized violence drives |
it back. Within the jurisdictional limits of such
States, then, slavery is made Itgal, though it is not
made right. But if a slave passes out of the juris--;
diction where violence overpowers right, into a '
jurisdiction where right is superior to violence, he
is then free; not because there is any change in
the man, but because there is a change in the Taws
to which the man is subject.
There may, however, be some further positive
law which, though it does not authorize the buy-
ing or selling of a slave, still does provide that an
escaped or an escaping slave may be recaptured and
redelivered into bondage. Such is the third para- ;
graph of the second section of the fourth article of '
the Constitution of the United States. Such, too, :
is the act of Congress of February 12, 1793, pro-
viding for the recapture of fugitive slaves. This, j
however, would not be without positive-law. j
The debates in all the conventions for adopting (
the Constitution of the United States, proceed upon j
the ground that slavery depends upon positive law j
for its existence. If it did not—if a man who has '
a legal right to a.slave in Virginia, has a legal !
right to him anywhere, then the provision in the
Constitution, and the act of I7H3, for recapturing <
fugitive slaves, would have been unnecessary. I
On the south side of a boundary line, then, sla-
very may exist by force of positive law: while, on •
the north side, in the absence of any such law,
shivery is unlawful. A slave passing out of a juris-
diction where slavery is legalized, into a jnrisdic- ;
lion where it is not, becomes free, ft is as though 1
a man should migrate from one of those South Sea I1
islnnds, where cannibalism is legalized, and where j
the public authorities, according to the reports, of j|
travelers, not only condemn and cxec^te a crim- |i
inai,(wf dine on him after he is executed—it is, I {j
sav, as though the subject of* such a government ||
should migrate into one where cannibalism is not ,
lawful, and where, therefore, though he should be i;
condemned and executed for cnme. it would be no j;
part of the sentence or the ceremony that he should
be eaten. He is out of cannibal jurisdiction. j|
The right of freedom is a natural right. It is a j1
positive existence, ft is a moral entity. Liike
the risrht to life, it pertains, by the law of nature
and of God, to every human being. This moral >,
riirht continues to exist until it is abolished. Some !'
act abolishing this freedom, then, must be proved;
U must be pioved affirmatively, or else the fact of 1
freedom remains. This is the solid and indestruct- ,
iblo ground of the maxim, that slavery can txisi j
only by positive law; that it is a local institution; ;
that the right of freedom must fn^t be abolished ;
befoie slavery can exist. !
2. Mv second position is this: That aman'$le%al j
■condition may be changcd by a change in the. Govern- ;
went over him, ichile he remains in the same jdace, '
ji<st as (/ft dually it can be changed by his removal
tn annfhir place, and putting himself under another
g:>V(rn,}ienl. The inhabitants of the North Amer- ■■
lean colonies did not change their place of resi- _
denco when they passed from under the Govern- ■
mem of Great Britain, and came under the Gov- :
ornmcnt of the Confederation. The Mexicans, j,
inhabiting the then Sues of California and New |j
Mexico, did not change their place of residence,
when, on fhe thirtieth day of May last, they
ceased to be citizens of the Mexican Republic, and
became citizens, ,or quasi citizens of the United
States Their political relations were changed, not
by their removal from under the canopy of one
government and placing themselves under the can-
opy of another government, but by the withdraw*!
of one government from over them, and by the j
extension to them of certain political rights and j
capacities under another government. Before this :
thirtieth day of May, they could have committed
treason agafnst Mexico, but not after it. Before ;
it, they could not commit treason against the Uni- j
fed States; but when they shall be citizens of the '
! Union, they can. These vital changes in their
, relations are without any change in their residence, j
. Within my recollection, an old gentleman died in i
, Massachusetts, who had lived in five different !
, towns, but still remained where he was born—like \
. one of the old oak trees—on the old homestead.
1 he part of the original town where he was born
had been set off and incorporated into anew town;
i ?^'-t 1 * justice of the peace in
j the District of Columbia is an ofHcer of the Gov-
j ernment of the United States, and is therefore
j exempt from militia duty. Wise vs. Withers,
! 3 Cranch, 331; 1 Cond. Rep., 552.
A citizen of the District of Columbia is not a
citizen of any one of the United States. Hepburn.
et al. vs. Etleiy, 2 Cranch, 445; Westcott's Lessee
-vs. Inhabitants-   , Peters' C. C. R., 45.
Up to the time of the cession, the inhabitants of
this District were under two jurisdictions—that of
MaryUnu and that of Congress; but after the ces-
sion, under that of Confess atone. Now, when
the inhabitants of this District passed out of the
jurisdiUion of Maryland, and came under the ex-
clusive jurisdiction of Congress, let us see what
was the effect of such change of jurisdiction upon
them.
in the act of Congress of 1790, chap. 28, sect. 1,
which was an act for establishing the seat of gov-
ernment of the United States, there is the follow-
ing clause: "Provided, nevertheless. That the opera-
and that part of the second town where he lived, ! ' tion of the laws of the State [of Maryland] within
into a third; and so on, until he died in the fKth i! ' such District shall not be affected by this accept-
town, without any change of domicil. Now, this ,1 ' anoe, until the time fixed for the removal of the gov-
man Uvea under the juusdiction and by-laws of five { ernment thereto, and until Congress shall otherwise
towns, as they were successively incoi porated over ! j ' bu laic provide."
him,J st bs much as though he had struck his tent
j five times, and placed himself^by successive migra-
' tiorvs, under five different municipal jurisdictions.
A similar thing must have happened to thou- ,       
sands of our fellow-citizens of the Union: some of !j ment to this place; and Congress likewise impliedly
lham A   1! 1 .... J__ /  >  J_J _ . "i i S . . 1 3
Here, then, Congress expressly provided and con-
: tracted with the State of Maryland, that the laws
; of Maryland in this District should not be inter-
fered with, until the removal of the seat of govern-
mPflf in lliis nl-ji/'p* nn/l pAnir><offt ji..
j . , ^ .  - _~ ^. j r ' —v. .j-j nuv «v ic>, in if/i tcutt-g
I them have at first lived under a foreign govern- provided and contracted, that when the seat of
: ment; then under one territorial government; then '! government should be removed to this place, it
, under another; and at last have Become citizens of ' ,J 1 ■ 1 ...
, a State, without any change of domicil. Indeed, i
it would seem that nothing can be clearer than the
proposition, whether regarded as a legal or apo-
litical one, than that the laws and the jurisdiction
may be changed over a man w^o continues to re-
would discharge the duty imposed upon it by the
Constitution of the United States, and would as-
sume and exercise the "exclusive legislation"
provided for in that instrument. This act of Con-
gress was approved on the 16fh of July, 1790.
By the Maryland laws of 1791, chap. 45, sect. 2,
; side in the same place, just as effectually and as ■{ that State ceded to the United States the territory
1 completely as a man may change the laws and M ——*    * ~ -
jurisdiction over himself by removing to a different
place. In many cases, the former works a more
thorough change than the latter. The laws of
1 Great Britain do not acknowledge the right of self-
| expatriation: while, at the same time, it is held,
! that the inhabitants of a foreign province, incor-
: porated into the kingdom, change their allegiance
without changing their residence.
i 3. My third proposition is this: that the juris-
diction under which the inhabitants of ivhat is now
t the District of Columbia lived prior to the cession
of the JJhhict by Maryland to the. United Stalest was
utterly and totally changed, at the moment of Jhe cr$-
sion—at Ike moment when, according to the provisions
of the Constitution, they ceased to be citizens of the
1 State of Maryland, and became citizens of th-e District
of C<3hi>nbia.
, By the 17th paragraph (Hickey's Constitution)
I of the 8th section of the 1st article, it is provided
j that Congress shall have power 14 to exercise ex-
! ' elusive legislation in all cases whatsoever over
, ' such District, (not exceeding ten miles squaie,^
'as may, by cession of particular States, and the
' acceptance of Congress, become the scat of the
' Government of the United States.2'
Congress, then, has the power of sole and exclu-
sive legislation in all cases whatsoever," in re-
gard to the District of Columbia. What is the
meaning of the word "exclusive" in this connec-
tion? It cannot mean absolute and uncontrolled;
for, if it did, it would make Congress as sovereign
as the Russian autocrat. It means that no other
government, no other body of men whatever, shall
have any concurient power of legislation over the
District; nor, indeed, any suboidioate power, ex-
cept what may be derived from Congress. Over
every man who is a citizen of one of the United
States, there are two jurisdictions—the jurisdiction
of the General Government, and the jurisdiction
of the State government. There are two govern-
ments that have the power to legislate for him;
bnt there is onlv one power—the Congress of the
United States—that can legislate for a citizen of
the District of Columbia.
In Kendall vs. The United States, 12 Peters,
524, it is said: " There is in the District of CoUmi-
' hi a no division of powers between the general and
which now constitutes the District of Columbia,
and the words of the cession are these: "in full
4 and absolute right, a? well of soil as of person,
* residing or to reside thereon,*' &c. * * * provi-
ded that the jurisdiction of the laws of Maryland
"shall not cease or determine until Congress shall
by law provide for the government thereof."
The state of the case, then, was simply this:
1. The Constitution gave Congress power of *'ex-
clusive legislation" over such district as might be
cedcd for the seat of government. 2. Congress,
by the set of 1790, above referred to, proposed to
the State of Maryland to accept a portion of her
territory for this purpose, but engaged not to inter-
fere with her laws until after it had taken actual
|| possession of the ceded territory. 3. Maryland
:| accepted the proposition, rehearsing, the condition
!j in these words; namely, that(i the laws of Mary-
:! land shall not cease or determine until Congress
• ! shall by law provide for the government theieof."
By the 6th section of the act of 1790, chap. 28,
I Congress provided that it would remove to this
i District, and make this the seat of government, on
i the first Monday of December, 1800. It did so;
j and now its express duty under the Constitution,
,i and its implied promise to the State of Maryland,
j were t^ be fulfilled, by exercising "exclusive legis-
' lation'5 over this District.
jj In fulfillment of this dutyand promise, Congress,
:j on the 27th of February, 1801, by the act of Ml,
:i ch. lo, proceeded to legtslate for the District of
I Columbia; and, in the fust section of that act, it
i piovided as follows;
l li Pc if enacte 1, ^c.. That th<' laws of t!ie Slate of Virginia,
J as t'.fv now sh.iil he and confirm® isi torcf-' tn that
! part of Uie Di-tnct ot'CoJtirbfoja winch was ceded by the
,J said to the United States, and by fiem accepted for
> the permanent seat of Government; and tha  the laws of
' th*f Slate of Maryland, as they now exs^t. ?l ali be and con-
' tinue ui (bi.-e m that p iri of the «,ud DiMru t u hich was
1! ceded by that Slit'' to the Cmted thaU's, ru.d hy them ae-
i eepted, a< atoie^aid.'"
; By this act, then, Congress assumed to exercise,
' and did exercise, that exlussve legislation o\e,r the
; District Columbia, which had been provided for
! by the Constitution.
That portion of the District which was cedcd to
Congress by Yiigmia, having been receded to that
''State by the act of Congress of July 9, 184G, (st.
• ! 1840, ch. 35 } all that relate?? to it may, for the
State governments. Congress has the entire con- '« purposes of this argument, be laid out of the cjues-
trol over the District, for every purpose of gov- ;! tion.
ernment." Il On the 27ih day of February, 1801, then, the
