384
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 23,
30th Cong....2d Sess. Slave Trnde and Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. Mann.
Ho. oi- Reps.
laws of Maryland, as such, were abrogated in this
District. The legislative powerof Congress became
exclusive. All legislative power previously pos-
sessed by Maryland over it, then ceased. The
connection ofMaryland with this District,as apart
of its former territory, and occupied by its former
citizens, was dissolved, it had no longer any
morelegislative power over the District than Maine
or Georgia had. Historically, we may talk about
the laws of Maryland, as they once existed here;
but practically, and as a matter of strict law and
fact, her laws were no longer known within the
District. The laws which governed'the people of
this District after the 27th day of February, 1801,
were the laws of Congress, and not the laws of
Maryland.
To show that this part of the District passed out
from under the government of Maryland, and came
under the government of the United States, I refer
to Reilly, appellant, vs Lamar et al., 2d Cranch
344, 1 Cond. Rep. 322, where it is said, " By the i
'separation of the District of Columbia from the !
'.State of Maryland. the residents in that part of'
1 Maryland which became a part of the District,
! ceased to be citizens of the State." It was held,
in that case, that a citizen of the District of Colum-
bia could not be discharged by the insolvent law
of Maryland.
A citizen of the District of Columbia cannot
maintain an action in the circuit court of the Uni-
ted States out of the District; he not being a citi-
zen of the State within the meaning of the provis-
ion of the law of the United States regulating the
jurisdiction of the courts of the United States.
Hepburn et al. vs. Ellzey, 2d Cranch, 445, 1st
Cona. Rep., 444. See also Loughborough vs. i
Blake, 5 Wheat., 317, and Levy Court of Wash- !
ington vs. Ringgold, 5 Peters, 451. j
4. The next point of inquiry is, rohat is the i
legal force and effect, upon the subject of slavery, of'
the act of Congress of 1801, before cited ? Its words
are : That the laws of the State of Maryland, as
«they now exist, shall be continued in force in that
* part of the said District which was ceded by that
'State to the United States," &c. And here, I
acknowledge that the operation of this clause'is
precisely the same as though Congress had tran-
sciibed all the Maryland laws, word for word, and
letter for letter, into its own statute book, with
the clause prefixed, " Be it enacted by the Senate
and House of Representatives of the United States-
ot America in Congress assembled," and the Pres-
ident of the United States had affixed his signature
tiieieto. I acknowledge further, that the'laws of
Mary and had legalized slavery within the State of
Maryland, and had defined what classes of persons
might be held as slaves therein.
But it by no means follows, because Congress
proposed to rtenact, in terms, for this District all
the laws of Maryland, that, therefore, it did re-
enact them. It does not follow, that because two
•Legislatures use the same words, that the words i
muse necessarily have the same effect. It makes j
all the difference in the woild, whether words are '
used by one possessed of power, or by one devoid '
of power. Congress might pass a law in precisely ,
the same words as those used by the Parliament !
oi Grreat Britain, and yet the law of Congress be '
invalid and inoperative, while the act of Parliament !
ZZ,e o and We have a written I
totim Thi Britain has no written consti- ;
..f/ 1!)e Br|fsh Parliament, on many sub-'
je ,ts has an ampler jurisdiction than the American
Congress. The law of Congress mi ht be uncon
stitutional and void, while that of thfllitlsh Par-"
hament, framed in precisely the same language,
might oe constitutional and binding °
550 the law of Maryland might'be valid under
the constitution of Maryland, end therefore bind-
ing.upon the citizens of Maryland; while the law
of Congiess, though framed in precisely the same '
♦Tprrr\Wi a repugnant to the Constitution of
the United States, and therefore have no validity '
in ^lfW ,'S ,S P!'ecise!y 'lie case here. Con-T-ss
nnholH il ref'.act l.he Maryland laws, to'
P' III slavery in this District, transcended the
limits of its constitutional power. It acted urcon
S > Mted '" Plain contravention of
that Con 1 "1 aCt'S vo"1 1 cio not deny, then
that Congress used words of sufficient amplitude
which provides for the redelivery of a fugitive
slave, on the claim of his master. By this article
in the Constitution, the case of fugitive slaves only
is provided for. If a master voluntarily carries
his slave into a free State, and the slave departs
- --*y "wv "iiuiiu. j. tiuuacuiuo ui iiuuiuil j
beings are not to be robbed of all their dearest i
rights; and they and their children, forever, by !
strained constructions, or apocryphal authority, J
doomed to bondage. Will those who say that {
Congress cannot establish a banking institution*1
by construction, nor aid internal improvements,
nor enact a tariff,—-will they say that it can make
a man a slave, and all his posterity slaves, by con-
struction?
Nor can any power to establish slavery be de-
duced from the 18th clause of the 8th section of the
1st article of the Constitution, which gives Con-
gress power " to make all Jaws which shall be
necessary and proper for carrying into execution"
the powers that are granted.
What power is granted to Congress, for the ex-
ercise of which, the establishment of slavery in
this District is a necessary means or preliminary?
Congress has power to lay and collect taxes; to
borrow money; to regulate commerce; to establish
uniform lulesof naturalization; to coin money; to
punish counterfeiters; to establish post offices and
post roads; to promote the progress of science
and the arts; to establish courts; to define and
punish piracies on the high seas; to declare war;
to raise and support armies; to provide and main-
1 tain a navy; to organize and maintain a militia;
and so forth, and so forth. But to what one of all
these powers, is the power to establish slavery m
the District of Colombia a necessary incident^ If
slavery in the District of Columbia were to cease
to-day, could not the'Government continue to ex-
erase every function which it has heretofore exe'r-
cised ? If so, then the existence of slavery in this
District is not " necessary" to the exercise of anv
of the expressly granted powers. I call upon any
gentleman to name anyone power of this Govern-
ment which cannot be exercised, which must
necessarily cease, if slavery should cease to be, in
■«?nStr.lct Columbia ? " I pause for a reply."
Well, then, if a power to establish slavery in this
, District is not among the granted powers, and if it
I; IS not necessary for the exercise of any one of the
granted powers, then it is nowhere-it does not
:! exist at all ]\o power of Congress, then, exists,
; either for the creation or for the continuance of
| slavery m this District; and all the legislation of
I; SrsE."1" ""bim ■■be"""1" ■ ■* ' j
I Let me illustrate this in another way. Sunnosp '
| there had been a religious establishment in Mary-
, land at the time of the cession; suppose, under
the auspices of Lord Baltimore, the Catholic re- '
upon had been established as the religion of the :
State; and that, in order to punish heresy and :
, secure conformity to the religion of the State an '
inquisition had been founded, and that the seat of 1
that inquisition had been within the limits of the
! Dis net of Columbia, at the time of the cession-
. could Congress, in the absence of all express or
implied authority on the suhject of establishing
a State religion, have upheld the Catholic religion
here. nnH qnnAnu^l . /• , . . *.u,J
to*cover slavery; but what I deny is, that it had I
any power to give legal force to those words. j
5. My next proposition, therefore, is this: that ;
as Congress can do nothing excepting what it is em-]
powered to do by the Constitution, and as the Consti- :j his slave into a free State, and the slave departs
tuUon does not empower it to establish slavery here, it ■ from his possession, he cannot reclaim him Wh v
cannot establish slavery here, nor continue it. ; not? Why cannot Congress pass a law that if a
Where is ther§ ahy express power gIven to Con- man takes a dozen slaves to Boston, and they there
grass by the CiMStitution to establish slavery ? see fit to strike for wages, and to leave his posses-
Where is the article, section, or clause ? I demand | sion because their terms are not complied with 
to have the title shown. Thousands of human j why is it, I ask, that Congress cannot pass a law
authorizing their seizure and delivery into the
master's hands? The reason is, that the Consti-
tution has conferred upon Congress no such ex-
press power; nor is any such power implied as
being necessary to -the exercise of any power
that is expressed. And if Congress cannot so
much as .restore a slave to«a master, who has vol-
, untarily carried him into a free State, how can it
■ j continue slavery in this District, after Maryland
has ceded it to this Government, whose funda-
mental, organic law gives it no power to create or
to continue slavery here?
Suppose Maryland had ceded her share of the
District to Massachusetts, would not every slave
in it have been instantaneously free by the Consti-
tution of Massachusetts ? They would have been
transferred to a free jurisdiction—just as much as
an individual owner.of a slave passes under a free
jurisdiction, when he voluntarily takes his slave
to the North. The legal existence of slavery was
annulled in this District, when Congress exercised
its " exclusive" power over it, just as much-as the
debtor's right to be discharged under the Mary-
land bankrupt law was annulled.
But I go further than this; and I say that the
Constitution not only does not empower Congress
to establish or continue slavery in this District,
but again and again, by the strongest implications
possible, it prohibits the exercise of such a power.
In regard to this whole matter of slavery, the
Constitution touches the subject with an averted
fdce.^ The abhorred word "slave" is nowhere
mentioned in it. The Constitution is ashamed to
utter such a name. The country, coming fresh
from that baptism of fire—the American Revolu-
tion—would not profane its lips with this unhal-
lowed word. Hence, circumlocution is resorted
to. It seeks to escape a guilty confession. Like
a culprit, in whom some love of character still
survives, it speaks of its offence without calling it
byname. It uses the reputable and honorable
word " persons," instead of the accursed word
slaves." As the Tyrian Queen, about to perpe-
trate a deed wh-ich would consign her character to
infamy, called it by the sacred name of " mar-
riage, 99 and committed it—
'* Hoc pr&tcxtt nomine culpctm
so the Constitution, about to recognize the most
guilty and cruel of all relations between man and
man, sought to avert its eyes from the act, and to
pacify the remonstrances of conscience a*aipst
every participation in the crime, by hiding the deed
under a reputable word. °
But let us look to the prohibitions of the Consti-
tution; for I maintain that there is not only no
power, express or implied, in the Constitution au-
thorizing Congress to create or continue slavery in
this District, but that it is debarred and prohibited
from doing so, again and again.
! f suppose no one will deny that the posi tive pio-
j hioitions, against the excrcise of certain enumera-
ted powers, apply to Congress, when legislating
here, and appointed the officers of the inquiafion ' fo^ ,h°Wr> S' aPP'y '° ConSress> whcn legislating
to administer it? The idea is abhorrent to the ! % P51 ES ^ "e whe" plating
to administer it? The idraTrabiioJlo "he
whole splr,t of the Constitution. But Congress
, had as much power to establish a national religion
Imrl'i? ausence of all express or implied~ati-
thonty to do so, as to establish slavery here
Congress, then, does not and cannot legalize sla-
"?■ fOU"d ^O-^xisLce
fere vithlt 15 " 8 "0t abo,ish i(> or ''^r-
tere ,< ith it, because it has no power of "exclu-
sive legation" in them. Cut Con-ross hi a,
much right to go into any State and abolish slat cry
here, as any ,State, even Virginia or Maryl,n/
has to come into this District with its iawi
es ajhsh slavery here. i suppose that no iurkt
Tc oTrTs f'rSh0"^08^0"1'1 havc llassed the
act ol foi the recapture of fugitive &lavr«
had it not been for the third clause in the ecomi
scctton of the fourth article of the Conxion,
for the L'nion at large. This doctrmehas recently
. been strongly averted by Mr. Calhoun in the Sen-
: ate of the United States; and, as 1 would gladly
; P'°duce conviction in southern minds, I make use
, of this southern authority. He affirms that Con-
^ gress, m legislating for the Territories, "is subject
! | to many and important restrictions and conditions, .
| | ol which some are expressed and otheis implied.
I Amone the former may be classed all the general
j | and absolute prohibitions of the Constitution;
, ' that is, ail those which prohibit the exereibc of
| 'certain powers under any enuunstances. In tins
I ' class is included the prohibition of granting titles
' of nobility; passing ex poHfaclo laws and bills of
' attainder; the Kuypension of the writ of habeas
{ corpus, except in certain cases; making laws ie-
, ( spectmg the establishment of religion, or its free
' excrcise, and every other of hkc description."
