1849.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
331
Senate of the U. S;
Case of General Shields, fyc.
Special Session.
for them, believing that they would involve the
Senate in some trouble afterwards that was not
foreseen at the time. I believe, also, that it is a
legislative resolution, for it is offered to declare the
meaning of a law, and as such we can take no
cognizance of it in this Executive session. Here,
sir, we have no legislative powers. I believe, sir,
that for along time it has been considered, that of
the two powers, the power to enact and the power
to constiue an act, the power to construe is the
larger; for sometimes, by construction, acts have a
different meaning given to them than their makers
intended or expected, and the act of construction,
being the last, is the conclusive one. I believe the
power to declare the meaning of an act of Congress
is vested either in the Judiciary or in Congress,
when acting upon a case, and in both points of
■view it would be unparliamentary so to act upon
this resolution. 1 hope, sir, that the resolution
■will be either laid upon the table or withdrawn, for
both of the reasons which I have given: first, that
it is designed to declarc the meaning of an act of
Congress; and next, that it ;s legislative in its
character. j
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I cannot adopt j
the view taken by the Senator from Missouri, that |
the action of the Senate upon this resolution will j
be legislative in its character. So far as the action (
of the Senate is concerned, it is simply required to |
declare the construction of the law relating to this j
subject. It is a matter which is not to be acted i
upon by the House; it only requires the action of
the Senate. If the House weie in session, they
could-take no part in the settlement of the particu-
lar question to which the attention of the Senate
is called. The first question that demands our
consideration is, whether the appointment to fill a
■vacancy m the Board of Regents shall be made by
the Senate or by the Presiding Officerof the Senate?
Such a vacancy having occurred, this seems to be
the proper occasion for the settlement of that ques-
tion.
Mr. MASON. I understand the question before
the Senate is, whether a vacancy in the Board of
Regents of the Smithsonian Institution shall be
supplied by the Senate itself, or by its Presiding
Officer. A lesolution was adopted by the Board
of Regents, informing the President of the Senate
that a vacancy existed in that body by reason of :
the expiration of the term of a Senator who has :
with regard to a vacancy occurring in consequence
of the expiration of the term of a Senatorial Regent,
and make it manifest that the appointment is to be
made by the President of the Senate, in the Senate,
and by the Speaker of the House of Representatives
in that body. No power is reserved to the House
of Representatives to appoint a member of this
Board; none reserved to the Senate of a similar
character. The power of filling vacancies origin-
ally is lodged in the Presiding Officers of both
bodies. Such being the construction I entertain of
this Jaw, I shall vote for the passage of the resolu-
tion. The question suggested by the Senator from
Missouri, whether it is competent fortheSenate to
make the construction of a law by a resolution, it
appears to me does not arise here. The simple
question before tisis, whether this appointingpower !
resides io the Presiding Officer of the Senate or in jj
the body of the Senate itself, and I presume it is !
competent to the Senate to pass their judgment as j
to the expression of the law to that extent. I shall 1
therefore vole for the resolution. |!
Mr. BENTON. I do not in the slightest degree
gainsay what has been said by the Senator from j!
Virginia; but what I say is, that if any one think |
it is not right for the President of the Senate to jj
make the appointment, he can bring up the ques- i|
tion of construction of the act, and let it be decided t
upon bjithe act itself, and not by a resolution de- j;
daring what the construction shall be. A resolu- j|
tion ot' this kind, being after the fact, binds no- jj
body. A declaration of what the construction of |;
the law shall be! Why, the construction is a "
question which refers itself to the forum of every
gentleman's bosom. He acts for himself when it
! comes up. I hold it, then, to be incompetent for
! us to declare the meaning of this statute by the
! resolution upon your table, because the meaning
of statutes cannot be declared in that mariner; and
I hold it to be incompetent for us to do so, more-
over, because we are in Executive session, and
have no right to do any act of a legislative char-
acter. So far from being able to declare the mean-
in0' of a law in Executive session, we cannot make
the slightest movement, give nolice, or do anything
at all of a legislative nature. We have no such
character. I have not asked to lay the resolution
on the table; but if it is persisted in, deeming it to i
he an innovation in two particulars, both of them j
of a serious charaeter, I ask to have the yens and
been a regent; and it is left for the Senate to decide, ,1 nays upon it, that my name may be recorded
therefore, whether under the law the appointing jj against it.
power was vested in him or in the body over which j • Mr. MASON. The only object of the resolu
he presides. Upon looking at the law, I think j tion is to obtain an expression of the opinion of
there can be no question as to the fact of the ap- jj the Senate, to get the sense of the Senate, upon
poimin? power being vested either in the President ' the construction of the law. I am perfectly willing
of the Senate or in the Senate itself. Such being j to take the sense of the Senate by the motion to
thefact, the suggestion of theSenatorfrom Missouii jl lay the resolution on the table. I move, therefore,
mMit be veiv proper to be adopted, if the Senate j to lay the resolution on the table.
were called upon to expound the law; but it does PRESIDING OFFICER. With the permission
not apply to the inquiry befoie us. I have exam- I of the Senate I will state that when I was notified,
ined the subject with care and attention, being a i! as the presiding officer of this body, that a vacan-
member of tlie Board of Regents; and 1 have come j cv had occsrred, I did not wish to lake upon my
decidedly to the conclusion that the appointing
power, when a vacancy exists by the expiration
of the term of a Senator who was a regent, resides
in the peison of the President of the Senate, and j
in him alone. The terms of the law are as follows: ;
self the duty of making an appointment to fill the
vacancy without an expression of the sense of the
Senate as to whether the appointment should be
made by the presiding officer. And there seemed
to be no other mode of obtaining that expression i
in imiiiui'iic. i ut- iv i mo v/! vm^ ........ i i „ i
The Board of Regents is a body of twelve men , than by presenting a resolution upon uhjch the j
elected by law in" the following way: three are ^ sense of the Senate might he ta.cen. Had the;
taken from the Senate, three from the House of ;; Chair proceeded to make the appointment, he (
. , r t   i r i_«. l tlmnrrlit t w 1111 n 0* tn nsnrn !
Representatives, and six from citizens at iaige.
appointed. Now, I maintain that attention to the
language of the act will determine this question,
it is as follows:
" And die Senators so appointed shall serve during the
term for which they hold such appointment, without lela-
tion to thtir office as Senators."
Immediately after this clause is the further sec-
tion:
" And vacancies occasioned by death, resignation, and
otherwise, shall be filled m the same manner as vacancies
in committees are filled."
It is obvious, fiom the language of the act, that
vacancies which occur during the term for which
Senators are appointed, are to Ut filled by appoint-
ment, which becomes in one sense an original
appointment, and devolves on the appointing°uffi-
cer. So that it appears to me plain that the va-
cancy in this case is one which should be filled by
the presiding officer of the Senate. The Senator
from Missouri has raised a question as to the im-
propriety of declaung by resolution the meaning
of the act. There seems to be an objection to this
course, and I would suggest whether if any desire
exists on the part of the presiding officer, that the
Senate should express its views upon the matter,
it might not be reached by the Senate declining to
act in the case. 1 am myself opposed to acting
upon a resolution of this sort, and yet I am clearly
of opinion that this is one of the cases which the
presiding officer should fill. I do not make any
motion, I merely throw out the suggestion. I be-
lieve there has been no intimation of opinion from
any Senator that this is a case in which the Senate
is' called on to act.
The question was then put, and decided as fol-
lows, the call for the yeas and nays having been
renewed and sustained:
YEAS—Atehison, Bartgfr, Haldwin, Berrien,
Cli.v*e, Clarke, Cooper, Corwm, Davis of Mas^aeiiiwtts,
Davi^ of Mi.-*i^!ppi, Dawson, Dayron, Down*, Fitzpairick,
Greene, Hale, Houston, Jouc-, Mangmn, M.v?on, Miller,
Morton, Peniee, Phelps, Sewnr-l, HfuHd.*, y nitii, Spruance,
Sturgeon, Underwood, Upliam, ond Wale?—32.
NAVS—.Messrs. Benton, Dickinson, Hamlin, Hunter,
Norus, Rn&k, and Turney—7.
The VICE PRESIDENT then appointed the
Hon. James A. Pearce, of Maryland, to fill the
vacancy.
GENERAL SHIELDS.
Mr. WALKER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and agreed to.
Jlrsohcd, That the celect committee to inquire into the
eligibility of Hon. James Shields to a«eat in the Senate of
tlin UjiiImJ State.- be aotlioriztd to send for prions ai.d
papers, and to call fo their aid a person auibonz^d to ad-
j rnniiner oath.-, and fo take the testiuionj of snob pilous
'as tli^ committ* e ma.v do«m proper, and to procure .the
proper authentication of any paper? or record^ which ihe
, committee mm at anv time have before it, relating to the
subject-matter undents consideration.
Mr. WALKER then submitted a paper in rela-
, tion to the subject-matter mentioned in the above
resolution; which was referred to the said commit-
; tee.
JOHN SKIRVING.
I Mr. WALKER moved to take up the follow-
! ing resolution:
; Resolved, Th.it, until otherwise ordered, the Secretary of
ihr> Seriat'-* pay to John Skirvimr, for hi>
rvices iu \ enti-
the s.e Mon,an allowance
nger, together with one
The law vests in the President of the Senate, with-
out any concurrent action on the part of the Senate
whate\er, the power to appoint the three Senators;
and it vests 111 the Speaker of the House of Repre-
sentatives, and in himalone.thepowerofapnointing
from thai body the three members to be appointed
to ihe Board; and the remaining six, to be taken
from the citizens at large, the law requires shall be
might have been thought to be willing to usurp
! powers which did not belong to him.
1 Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I merely wish
! to inquire of some gentleman how this power has
! been exercised heretofore?
; Mr. MASON. I understand that no such case
i has occurred before.
i Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I will answer the
Senator from Massachusetts that when a vacancy
trom tne citizens ai large, uic iaw ici|uuca omc. ^ ........    .
appointed by joint resolution of both Houses. As I :! occurs by death, resignation or any other m
understand the law, no doubt could arise from the ! than expiration of the term of ser\tce, it has ^een
provisions of the law as to whether they intended
to provide for the filling of vacancies by death,
lesignation, or otherwise. If a vacancy exists
among those taken from the Senate or the House
of Representatives, then the vacancy is to be filled
in the same manner as the vacancies in committees
are filled, and vacancies created by death,resigna-
tion, nr otherwise, among the citizens at large, are
to be filled by joint resolution of both Houses. The
terms of the law are equally clear, in my opinion,
than expiration -
the practice for some Senator to move that the Vice
President fill the vacancy. This being the first
time in which a vacancy has occurred by expira-
tion of the term of service, the question is, whether
it shall be considered an original vacancy or not.
Mr. BRADBURY. The question that arises
upon the facts in this case is this: whether the va
cancies occasioned by death, resignation, or oth-
erwise, are vacancies arising during the term or at
the expiration of the term for which Senators are
luting the Seni.tc Cltainhet duniiL
not exceeding the p;u of a mesa
i dollar a day for an assistant.
! Mr. BADGER suggested, that as this was a
; resolution of another session, it was not in older.
J to take it up.
[ Mr. WALKER then submitted the proposition
as an original resolution, and asked for its consid-
eration; which was-agreed to.
Some discussion ensued, in which Mr. DAVIS
of Mississippi, Mr UNDERWOOD, Mr. DAY-
TON, Mr. HUNTER, Mr. WALKER. Mr.
FELCH, and Mr. BENTON, took part.
.The resolution was then rejected.
■ On motion of Mr. FELCH, it was
' Ordered, That rhepapeis 111 relation to the memorial of
Ihe Board of Missions be withdrawn from the files of the
Senate.
! On motion of Mr. CORWIN, it was
Ordocd. That the papers in relation to the petition of
Captain J. D. Cobb be withdrawn from the filrs of the
" Senate.
'I The Senate then adjourned.
