334
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 13,
Senate of the*U. S.
Case of General Shields—Debate.
Special Session-.
that he was naturalized in'October, 1840; and upon
these facts the committee have made their report,
#.s it is now-presented.
I believe 1 am correct in paying that the com-
mittee, in the course of their deliberations, took
as their guide the case of Mr.*Gallatin, as it is set
out in the Journal of the Senate. The case of Mr.
Gallatin substantially was this: Mr. Gallatin was
horn in Geneva in 1761, and came to this country
in 1780. He remained in this country, by turns
a resident of various States. In the year 1783 he
went to Virginia, and in the month of October, in
the year 1785, he took the oath of allegiance in
that State. In December, 1785, he removed to
Pennsylvania, where he purchased land and be-
came a permanent resident. He was elected, in
1789, a member of -the Convention which was
called to amend the constitution for the State of
Pennsylvania, and subsequently he was, for three
successive years, elected a member of the Penn-
sylvania Legislature. «In February, 1793, he was
elected a Senator of Pennsylvania, and he came to
the Senate and took his seat in December follow-
ing. Referring to the date of his naturalization,
as stated in the' repoit, it appears that from the
iime he took his oath of allegiance in Virginia, in
1785, to the period of his election as Senator in
February, 1793, that he had not been a citizen of
the United States fox the time required by the Con-
stitution, which is nine years, nor had that term
expired when he took his seat in December fol-
lowing. The committee appointed to investigate
his case made their report to the Senate, setting
„ forth these facts—facts agreed to by Mr. Gallatin
on his part, and also on the part of the remon-
strants from Pennsylvania. In the Senate, upon
the ,coming in of the report of the committee, a
resolution was offered in these words:
"Retired, That Albert Gallatin, returned lo this House
as a member ttom tlie tftdte ut Pennsylvania, is duly quali-
fied tor and elected to u seat in the Senate of the'lTinted
States."
This resolution was rejected by a vote of four-
teen nays to twelve yeas.
Mr. CASS. Will the Senator from Virginia
rjad the names ?
Mr. MASON read as follows:
"Those who voted in thp affirmative were—
"Messr-. Bradley, Biown, Burr, Bmler. Edwards, Gurm,
Jackson, Langdon, Mai tin, Monroe, Robinson, Taylor J -2.
"The iu>s were—
Brarifotd, Cahot,EU worth, Foster, Frehnsliuy-
sen, Hawkin«, Izard, King, Liveimore, Mitchell,-Morris,
Pott*, Stiorig, Vining—14.
"A re>olution was then offered in these words:
"Revolted, 'i'fi.tt tin election of Allieit Gallatin to he a
foen.tlor of the United Staff* vva> void, he not having been a
citizen of the United Starr* the term of years requned as a
qualification to be a Senator of the United States-.
" A mouon was made to divide the question at the word
* voidand
" On motion to asree to the first paragraph of the motion
so divided, ii passed" m the affirmative: Yeas 14, nays 12. j
" On motion to adopt the resolution, as follow*: !
"flesohed, That the flection of Albert Gallatin to be a !
Senator of the Unites! states was void, he not having been a :
cnizen of the United Stan > (he term of jeais requned a& a |
qualification to he a Senator ol the UmUd State-. ;
" i h* vote was, ayes 14, noes 12; and so the resolution :
was earned."
Mr. DOLGLAS. I would inquire of the Sena-
tor from Viiginia whether, in Mr. Gallatin's case,
it appeared from the report of the committee that '
the election was void because he had not been nine .
yeais a citizen, or because it did not appear that 1
fie was a ciiizen ut all ? |
Air. MASON. 1 can only answer by referring !
to what appealed in the pioceedings. The com- ]
mittee leponcd ihe facts, as exhibited in evidence
before them, and which went to show that Mr.
Orallami was of foreign bntli. In the Senate a 1
paper was presented showing the facts as agreed
between Mr. Gallatin and the remonstrants, in
which paper it was stated that he took the oath of '
allegiance in \ trgima, in October, 1785. How far i
the senate was governed by the proof of the date !■
or citizenship, cat) he gathered only from the con-
elusion at wmci they airived, as it is embodied in
t.ie resolution that was adopted. When the case
can.e befoie the committee, evidence was exhibited '
on the part of the leimmstrants to show that Al-
bei Gallatinwas of Anei-n birth, and then not
emlind r,l 8 Seist )n Senate; that evidence is
committee th report_of the committee. The :
committte then save notice to Mr. Gallatin that it !
was necessary that he should exhibit evidence on il
his part; the resolution adopted by the committee understanding of a grave and serious character has
was in these words: !' arisen. Nothing is more certain; for ft js asserted
" Resolved, That, in the opinion of the committer, ft is I j on one side, and not denied on the other, that the
now incumbent on Mr. Gallatin to show that he has become committee had reason to expect that the effect of
a citizen of the United States, and when." )j the communication which General Shields.was in-
Mr. Gallatin replied, if I may so speak, in the }l vited to send to the committee would bfc to post-
nature of a demurrer, that he did not consider that [j pone further action in thin matter until sufficient
a sufficient case had been made out against him to j
require evidence on his part-, and that he would
exhibit none. In that form" the case was reported :
time should elapse within which he would be able
to suppiy ample and satisfactory testimony con-
cerning this whole affair. The cynmunicauon, it
to the Senate. A statement of facts was after- j] seems, was drawn up and dispatched, but was not
wards submitted to the Senate by Mr. Gallatin, ij received, which communication, if it had been re-
which set forth, among other things, that he had ceived, would have been respectfully entertained,
^ ' according to the previous distinct understanding
between the claimantand the committee,and would
taken the oath of allegiance to the State of Vir-
I' ginia in October, 1785. Eiow far the Senate, in ,
] adopting the resolution that wets adopted, consid- i
j; ered Mr. Gallatin to have become a citizen by vir-
! tue of the oath of allegiance, can only be inferred
; from the tenor of the resolution which contained :
, the sense of the Senate on the case as it stood. ;
The resolution stated that his election was void, <'
he not having been a citizen of the United States 1
the term of years required as a qualification to be j
i a Senator of the United States. The construction j
' whieh I should give to the resolution 13, that by j
| the oath of allegiance, Mr. Gallatin having become j
i a citizen of the State of Virginia before the adop- j
j tion of the Constitution of the United States, and i
! removing afterwards to Pennsylvania, he became '
i entitled by the Constitution, when it was adopted, 1
to the same rights' and privileges which he had I
enjoyed in Virginia—one of which was that of
citizenship. In other words, that when he re-
moved from Virginia to Pennsylvania, he carried
his citizenship with him. The expression in the
I resolution is not that he was not eligible to a seat
i in the Senate because of not being a citizen, but
j because he had not been a citizen of the United
p States the regular term of years required by the
Constitution.
; Thus, Mr. President, I have endeavored to ex-
i plain, fa answer to the Senator from Tennessee,
; [Mr. TuRNEY,j the views taken by the committee,
as the case was before them.
Now, with reference to the proposition which
has been made by the Senator from Mississippi,
[Mr. Foote,] I mean to express no opinion at
have had the effect of accomplishing the object
which I propose to accomplish by the motion
which I have made.
Mr. WEBSTER. I wish to suggest one thing
to the gentleman from Mississippi. The chairman
of the committee who has addressed the Senate
this morning has stated, that owing to the miscar-
riage of the communication of the honorable mem-
ber from Illinois, the committee niade up their
report, and were ready to report yesterday to the
Senate, and an intimation was made to the honor-
able member from Illinois that the committee were
about to make their report. It then appeared that
the communication which had been addressed to
thecommittee had not been received, and the report
was postponed until to-day, to give the honorable
! member time to consider whether he thought his
j interests would "he promoted by moving for delay,
; or whether he thought his interests would be pro-
\ moted by acquiescing in the decision of the com-
! mittee, and of the Senate thereon, without making
! any further communication to the Senate. In pur-
| suance of his reflections upon the subject, 1 pre-
| sume he has corVie here to-day to say that he wishes
| no opposition to be made to the report of the com-
: mittee.
Mr. FOOTE. So I understand; he wishes no
opposition to be made. Yet, as a member of this
body, I feel bound to adhere to the motion I have
made, because I am not willing to see a spiiited
man betrayed into a position of embarrassment by
the high impulses of his generous heart. I am
present. The communication intended to be made j; not going to offer any opinion of my own, but I
to the committee by General Shields, asking a
postponement of their action, did not reach them,
as I before stated, owing to a mistake of the mes-
senger charged with its delivery. The report was
made up, the committee had adjourned, and an
j: order given to present the report to the Senate, ;
; before it was known that General Shields desired !
!j to make such communication, if it is the desire i
of General Shields now to ask for an extension of •
of time, th$it will be a proper question for the Sen- '
ate, upon which at present I shall express no ,
opinion. ,
Mr. FOOTE. I rise simply for the purpose of i
explaining the object which I had in view in pro- i
posing the motion which is now before the Senate, j
I certainly do not intend, in the least degree, to
call in question the action of the committee. I j!
would not, even if 1 had been disposed to do so, ij
on account of my not being inclined to concur with :
: the committee in opinion, have felt authorized to
have heard the opinion expressed by distinguished
legal gentlemen that it is at least possible that the
claimant would be more favorably ciicumstanced
next winter, when he will undoubtedly appear
before us with a new certificate of election if we
abstain from adjudication.
Now, one word in continuation of the remarks
with which I set out. A mistake has occurred 
that is acknowledged—in consequence of which
the report was made up and ready to be brought
to the notice of this body. It was but natural
that, after the repoit was made up, and the public
had become more or les-s—as must mevitaoly be
the case—apprised of the nature of the ieport, and
the unanimity with which it was adopted, the in-
dividual claiming his seat would feel more or less
disinclined to urge his claim to postponement, as
originally proposed by himself; therefore it is, {
presume, that he has declined makin-r the com-
■' munication which the generosity of the committee
do it, after the suggestions which have fallen from J, allowed him to bring "forward vesterdav. Well
him who is fhfi mnst. mfprpssfpn in thps/i i.  ■_ i  • . <
him who is the most interested in these proceed-
ings 
i Mr. MASON. I did not understand the gentle-
| man as questioning the action o( the committee;
on thecontiaiy, I have understood'on all hands that
the action of the committee was not questioned;
but it was at the instance of the Senator from Ten-
nessee, who desired to know what facts were be-
fore Ihe committee, and what reasons led to the
conclusion to which the committee ariived, that 1
made the explanation.
Mr. FOOTE. I so understood it; and I did not
conceive that I was misunderstood by the Senator
from Virginia; but, for fear that others might mis-
understand the object, n appears to me to he proper
that it should be explained. I do not intend to
interfere in the merits of tin's controversy m any
shape or form, further than to notice the argument ■
that was addressed to the Senate by the Senator
from Tenness.ee, which appeared to me to have
much cogency in it,t nd 1 was inclined to coincide
in the(view stated by him. But it is unquestion-
^ now, sir, I understand that the member hom Jlh-
'! nois, the gentleman to whom we have all listened
.' with so much adm nation and sympathy this morn-
ing, whilst he delivered a speech \\hi< h would do
honor to any man—a speech concent d in the true
, American spirit—alike becoming his own high
; character and the body to which it was addressed:
; I understand the gentleman himself to acquiesce
; thoroughly, fully, cordially in the decision "f the
committee. ] understand him to complain of the
1 action of no member of this body. I understand
him cleatlyend distinctly to announce that my
honorable friend from Wisconsin had only done
his duty in the maner; that he was only actuated
by high motives, vv hich entitled him to commend-
ation and lespeot, instead of <-<nsure and con-
demnation. |Jr> says he acquiesces in the judg-
ment of the onmmiuec. Is not that sufii«*iem' Me
docs not rail the decision of the committee in ques-
tion htrns' If. He .says more than that, sir—and I
was d'-hirhted tn hear such language ftom hu-3
hps, thonuh it was ccrtainly only such as I ex-
0li„ ,l ' . , v  rwv.v,. ; ,,, ,w, Hinimn n was ccriamry oniy sue n as i ex-
y a mistake has occurred, a mis- jj pected to hear from him—he, says his appeal will
