1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
335
Senate of the U. S.
Case of General Shields—Dtbcile.
Special Session.
be to the sovereign State of Illinois, to the people
among whom he has lived for seventeen years,
and by whom he has been so generally honored—
the people^by whom he is best known, but, he will
permit me to say, not perhaps the most highly
appreciated; for his fame is recognized as belong-
ing to the moral treasures of this Republic, and the
hearts of allAmerican citizens are full of sympathy j
for him, and of gratitude for the distinguished ser- '
vices he has performed on the battle-fields of
Mexico.
He has said, most nobly, that he submits him-
self to the sovereign State of Illinois. Is not that
sufficient? Why, the coriectness of the report is
not questioned; the decision of the report is not
denied, by him at least. Why not give him, then,
full credit for the magnanimous course which he
is resolved to pursue' Why not let it he under-
stood now, and at all times, here and elsewhere,
at home and abroad, that, in throwing himself be- j
fore the people of Illinois, he does so at the insti-
gation of his own feelings, and not under compul-
sion in any form? I can see no good that can
possibly arise fr@m further action m this matter,
and I must insist on the motion I have made, unless
the Senator from Illinois shall urge me to desist. I
do hope that the Senate will so vote as to place this
gentleman in his true attitude before the American
people, and administer a complete solace to those
wounded feelings of his heart which have been so
severely lacerated. tX
Mr. BUTLER. I understand the motion to be
to postpone the further consideration of this sub-
ject until the first Monday in December next. If,
by the postponement of the question, the gentle-
man claiming a seat here as one of the Senators for
the State of Illinois could then take his seat as such
Senator, I would certainly vote for the motion.
But this is a matter that is not without its difficul-
ties. I certainly do not acquiesce in the decision
of the committee, if it be assumed that the ineligi-
bility attaches at the time of the election. 1 have
never understood the doctrine in that way, and it
is not by any means to me a new subject; for m
my own State questions of the same sort have been
argued and decided. And I believe the decision in
that State to be this: that although at the time of
the'election the candidate may not be eligible, yet'
if he be eligible at the time when the functions of
office devolve upon him, he may take his seat and
assume the duties of the office. I make a wide
distinction between the time of the election and •
the time of entenng upon the duties of the office, t-
And if the committee have regarded that distinc- 1
tion, as in the case of Mr. Gallatin, 1 shed I be satis-
fied. I should be glad to know from the commit-
tee, whether they rested their decision exclusively
upon the ground that General Shields was not
eligible at the time when he was elected? But
there is another view to be taken of this matter,
and it is, whether the seat is to be considered va-
cant on the ground that General Shields was not
eligible at the time he presented himself to be swam,
because he would then have been required to dis-
chaige the duties of the office; and, it he was not j
at that time eligible, whether the seat must not be j
considered entirely vacant, and whether he will 1
not be under the necessity of going back for re- [
election, as, with entire confidence that he will be [
reelected, I hope he will. ;
But if it can be shown that in December next,
when Congress shall again meet, General Shields
can take his seat, I shall vote for the postpone-
ment. If lie cannot then take his seat, then the post-
ponement would be entirely unavailing; it would
he protracting the matter to no purpose to adopt
the motion of the Senator from Mississippi, or so
it seems to nip. 1 dissent, then, so far as 1 am
concerned, from the leport of the Committee, and
I do so by virtue of precedents in my own State
and the case of Mr. Gallatin. And you must
recollect the way in which parliamentary law is
made. We ought not hastily to act upoh that
which is not fully established by authority. I am
inclined to think the precedents will be fouud to
be otherwise.
Mr. FOOTE. Will the Senator allow mc to ask
whether lie believes, if the subject should be post-
poned until the fust Monday'in December; Gen-
eral Shields will then be entitled to take his seat?
Mr. BUTLER. This is the view that I take of
it: My judgment on the subject is, that if General i
Shields had not taken his seat at all, perhaps at
that time he might have claimed it; but, having
taken his seat, and having thereby been requyed
to discharge the duties of the office, he mu3t va-
cate the seat and go back for reelection. I acqui-
esce in that opinion; but if gentlemen will make
good the proposition that on the first Monday of
December next, if the matter be postponed untils
that time, he will be entitled to take his seat, I cer-
tainly will vote for the postponement. I do not
say that I have any opinion upon the subject, one
way or the other, as to whether, under the circum-
stances, he will then be entitled to take his seat;
but I am fully of opinion that there is no absolute
necessity for eligibility to exist at the time of the
election.'
Mr. FOOTE. I do not feel authorized myself
to argue the point. My object in making the mo-
tion was to give General Shields the opportunity
to enjoy all the credit to which he is entitled by
carrying out the determination which he ha,s an-
nounced here of throwing himself upon the people
of his State. I wish that act to be entirely volun-
tary on his part, and not coerced by any decision
of the Senate.
Mr. BUTLER. That is a different view alto-
gether. I merely wish to support the constitutional
view of the question. If 1 thought he could not
constitutionally take his seat, and that it must be
considered vacant,! should be bound to vote for
the resolution reported by the committee; but I
think the report has not made the judgment of the
committee definite enough for me to vote for it. If
General Shields now, or any of his friends, should
ask for further time, in order to show that he has
a right to claim the privileges of citizenship, I
would unhesitatingly give him the time to do so.
I would give it for any purpose, if it were asked
for.
Mr. FOOTE. I understood the Senator from
Illinois to say that he would throw himself upon
the people of his State; I suppose that he meant
to do so by resignation.
Mr. BERRIEN. 1 have listened with gratifi-
cation, as I presume every Senator has, to the
remarks of the gentleman who is claiming a seat
in thi3 Chamber; and I may be permitted to say
that the course he has indicated as the one which
he intends to pursue is, in my judgment, the most
fiank, manly, and honorable course that could be
taken—honorable to himself, and just to the Senate
and the country, in view of the constitutional dif-
ficulty, because, according to the leport of the
committee, we cannot recognize him, if we affirm
that report, to be qualified to take his seat in the
Senate of the United States; yet he is justly enti-
tled to be recognized as a citizen of the United
States. The course which has been indicated, I
say, is one which is honorable to himself, and I
have regretted that any discussion should have
taken place upon this question calculated to ob-
struct, as I think the motion of the honorable
Senator from Mississippi is, the full and free oper-
ation of a course which seems to me to be so just.
Sir, I cannot entertain a doubt myself of the
correctness of the report of the committee. I can-
not conceive the idea of eligibility of an individual
to office, which office he cannot fill at the time of
his election. 1 cannot conceive that the Legisla-
ture of Illinois exercises the power conferred upon
it by the Constitution of the United States, when
that Legislatuie elects one who is ineligible; and i
cannot reconcile to myself the idea that, since by
the Constitution the teim of office is limited to six
years, that term of office may be made to com-
mence at a time posterior to the time when the
individual is elected. j
I do not mean to discuss this point, however, j
but merely to suggest to the Senator irom Missis- I
sippi the idea which strikes my mind, and which j
satisfies me that the course he proposes is calcula-
ted to obstruct the views of the gentleman whose
eligibility is here brought in question, bo long as
the question remains undecided by the Senate there .
can be considered no vacancy in the office o{ Sen-
ator for Illinois, so as to entitle the Legislature ot
ihat State to make a new selection. Ihey have
acted upon their constitutional right, and have
elected a Senator. His credentials are an evidence
of that fact: and his right to a seat in the Senate ot
the United States is unquestioned but by the report
of the committee, which is totally inoperative until
it receives the sanction of the vote of this body. It
will be, therefore, impracticable, in my judgment,
for the Legislature of Illinois, when they meet
again, to proceed to nullify their own act by elect-
ingaSenator again to fill the same office. Until
the election be declared void, there is nothing upon
which they can act. In view, therefore, of the just
and honorable course proposed by the gentleman
himself, it does seem to me that it would be ob-
structed by the motion of the Senator from Mis-
sissippi to postpone until the first Monday of De-
cember the further consideration of this question.
Under these circumstances, it would be impossible
. i for the Legislature of Illinois to proceed to a second
|, election. We know by the evidence before us that
II this gentleman, who is already a citizen of the
ij United States, and already honored by the confi-
Jj denee of the people of his State, will in October
!j next be qualified to receive the honor which they
j desire to confer upon him; and he has indicated
j his intention to appeal to tlie people of his State;
: it is but just to him, therefore, that no obstruction
i; shall be thrown in the way of the course which,
| upon reflection, he has chosen to adopt,
j Mr. DOUGLAS. The state of my health would
>j not allow'me to indulge in majiy #words on this
I occasion, even if I were so disposed. My object
; m rising is chiefly to suggest that the resolution
j of the committee has perhaps been based upon a
i wrong construction of the. Constitution, m decla-
il ring that the election was void. I think, sir, that
an examination of the Constitution of the United
i States will satisfy the Senate that this election was
! not void, whatever may be their opinion as to the ^
!j right of General Shields at this time to have a "
II seat in this b$dy. And if the election was not
'j void, I, as a Senator from Illinois, am not aware
that a vote of this Senate should say that the Le-
;i gislature of Illinois have performed an act that is
i void. I think that other terms might be used that
■ ! would be more delicate, and 1 firmly believe moie
; | consistent with the truth. The Constitution of the
i; United Slates prescribes three requisites to render
! an individual eligible to a seat in this body. The
first is, he shall be thirty years of age; the second,
that he shall have been nine years a citizen of the
Umted States; and the third is, that lie shall have
been at the time of his election an inhabitant of
the State by which he is elected. Inhabitancy
must exist at the time of election. Thirty years
of age is not a requisite at the time of election.
Nine years citizenship is not required to e.xist at
the time of election. The language of the Consti-
tution is.clear and specific upon this point, and it
has so been understood. Sir, it was so understood,
I apprehend, when Mr. Clay was elected to a seat
in this body at twenty-nine years of age; it was so
understood, I apprehend, when Andrew Jackson
was elected to this body at twenty-rune years of
age, but became thirty before he was sworn in; it
was so understood, I apprehend, when the late
Senator from Alabama was elected to the House
of Representatives at twenty-four yeais of age,
and became twenty-five before he was swoin in.
It is not necessary to cite more cases upon this
point, though there are cases innumerable which
might be le'ferred to, showing that, as far as eligi-
bility is concerned, the specified age and term of
citizenship is not required to exist af the time of
election. I will read the language oi the Consti-
tution:
" No person shall he a Senator who shall not have at-
tained to the as*? of thirty yt-ar-.. ami iseen lime )<.ur> a cit-
izen ot tlH' United StUi'avirid who hoi, when Ucett d,
; be an ini-alniant ot the Stan; lot wim-ii he thai! be clux-en.*'
j Thus you see that the first Uvo qualifications,
; age and citizenship, are required to exist only^at
I the time the person becoincs a Senator; the other
1 qualification is to exist at the time of the election,
, which precedes," in some case?, the time of his
} becoming a Senator twelve or fifteen months—&s
1 in the ease of the Senator from Georgia, who was
i elected for more than a year before he took his
I seat. The Constitution does not contemplate, there-
j fore, that these two qualifications should exist at
! the time of the election, but inhabitancy is required
i^at the time of the election, in order to lenicdy the
j abuses which existed m England ill reference 10 the
selection of non-resident iepresontati\es. Hence
the reason of requiring inhabitancy at the nine of
i election. .
I Sir, there have been some decisions m the House
