338
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 14,
Senate of the U. S.
Case of General Shields—Debate.
Special Session.
made to me by him to allow the Senate to take its
own course. I was influenced, too, by my knowl-
edge of him for the last sixteen years, and of the
offices which he has filled. I believe that he is
eligible to a seat here, and I believe that it can be
proved if a postponement be acceded to, which
■will result in no jnjury to anybody.
Mr. WEBSTER. Then it comes to this, that
' the claimant did not ask for a postponement, be-
lieving it to t>e useless.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not understand it so,
but that he will allow the Senate to take its own
course, he having his own opinion as to what will
be best for him.
Mr. WEBSTER. At least he who is the most
interested does not desire it.
Mr, FOOTE. Permit me to say, that if I did
not think my course was sanctioned in that-quar-
ter, I would at once desist.
' Mr. WEBSTER. Be that as it may, sir, the
Senator from Illinois has taken a manly and a
proper course. It is proper that he should take
that course which he is satisfied is right. He insist
prove that he has been a citizen of the United
States for nine years, in my judgment, on the 4th
day of March last. He has produced a certificate
of naturalization on the 21st of October, 1840, and
consequently he was not qualified when he pre-
sented his credentials and took his seat; and he is
not competent to discharge Senatorial functions.
. But another question now arises, whether he
| expects to show that the father's naturalization
I during his minority would inure to the son. He
Yhas suggested no such thing. And what is the
duty of the Senate to the State of Illinois? Why,
it appears to me to be as plain as a turnpike road.
The State of Illinois has sent a gentleman here as
her Senator, upon whose qualification it'has been
our duty to pass at large; and when it is stated, as
a compliment and mark of respect to the honorable
Senator, that no remonstrance has come here from
the State of Illinois, I agree to it all; but, sir, if !
every citizen of Illinois were here to-day in his j
own proper person, and desired the confirmation I
of the Senator's claim, since the matter has been j
brought to our notice, and since it is before us, we !
must decide it according to the Constitution and i
our oaths. Now, under these circumstances, what i
is proposed ? Why, that we shall leave it unde- i
cided, and leave it in the power of this gentleman ]
to resign or not hereafter. That is a sentiment i
that was advanced by the Senator from Illinois, I
[Mr. Douglas.] But I can agree to no such view. !
Sir, our duty to the State of Illinois is to decide j
this question in a reasonable time, and to let her I
be informed of our decision in a reasonable time, !
that she may have her own reasonable time to fill
the vacancy. She has a right to expect it at our l
hands. I hope we shall follow it out at once. We j
should remember the responsible part we are per- '
forming in the discharge of high functions. If we i
are of opinion that the gentleman sent here is not |
eligible, we should say so, and signify that to the j
State that sent him here. I shall therefore vote ]
against postponement. At the same time I am j
willing to amend the resolution by the adoption of \
the suggestion of the honorable Senator from >i
Maine, [Mr. Bradbury,] to add an explanatory !'
clause to show that the claimant of this seat was J
not qualified to enter upon the duties of a Senator I1
on the 4th of March. )!
Mr. HALE. I shall vote against a postpone- •
merit unless the honorable Senator who claims the [
seat, or some friend speaking for him, shall plain- !
ly, unequivocally declare that he does expect or 1
hope by the postponement to alter the state of the '
facts; for, if he does not, we ought to vote on the
state of the facts as they exist. If, then, General
Shields entertains a hope, a desire, or expectation
to do this, he must say so. If he does not, my ■!
course is settled. I will give him as long as he 1
may desire, even one, two, or three years. I am !
not opposed to the freest investigation in every- !
thing. I believe I have said here on another occa- j
sion, that nothing is lost by agitation; and in this \
case, if it is expected by hanging it up that the !
State of the facts v/ii! be altered, I am willing to ■
vote for a postponement. Eutunt:l such an avowal !
Shall be made by General Shields, or somebody
else for him, that he does expect to alter the state ;
of the facts, it is the duty of the Senate to vote ,i
upon it. The Senator from New York [Mr. i|
Seward] has said that he-has but little respect for
the political wisdom which prescribed the quali-
fication contained in that provision of the Consti-
tution. Permit me to say, sir, that I respect that
provision moie than any one in it, for when I look
at the Constitution and the history of the coun-
try for the few past years, I find very few provis-
ions of the Constitution over which the party in
power has not trampled rough-shod. This, sir, is
a green spot on which the heel of party has not
trod, and I desire to preserve it. I appeal to the
Senate, too, to guard and preserve it.
Mr. CALHOUN. I hold that nothing is more
certain than that if General Shields is not now a
Senator of the United States, he never can become
such by postponement. The Constitution is ex-
plicit in requiring that no person shall, be a Sen-
ator unless he has been nine years a citizen of the
United States. If, then, he is not a Senator now,
there is a vacancy, for Illinois would have but one
vote here, and that vacancy must be filled accord-
ing to law. That he is not a Senator is clear,
because he cannot perform one duty belonging to
the Senatorial office unless he has been naturalized
nine years previous to the commencement of his
Senatorial term. Thinking thus, I deem it due to
the State of Illinois that the question should be
now settled, unless General Shields shall'allege
that he has evidence which will in all probability
be satisfactory to the Senate that the term of nine
years had expired' before the 4th of March. If
such an allegation shall be made by General
Shields, it will be the duty of the Senate to post-
pone it, but not otherwise. No such allegation
having been made, in my opinion, as things now
stand, it is the duty of the Senate to decide this
; question now. It is a duty which we owe to the
; State gf Illinois. I understand the Legislature of
! Illinois will not be in session until January twelve
I months. If, then, the decision of the Senate shall
! be adverse to General Shields, it is due to the
people of Illinois that they should know it in due
time, that they may elect a Senator to take the
vacant seat on the first Monday in December next.
In the next place, I hold that it is due to General
Shields himself, because in so clear a case as this
he would gain by pursuing the course which he
indicated in his speech yesterday, and he would
lose by the course which his friends seem anxious
to maintain. For these reasons, unless General
Shields will make an allegation such as I have in-
dicated, 1 shall feel bound to vote in favor of the
resolution properly amended.
And now, sir, I come to a point of some little
i importance; and it is, that the question here in-
1 volved should be clearly settled, not only for the
; present, but for all future time. My opinion is,
j that the resolution is not entirely correct. It would
\ seem to conclude that all cases of election are void
! unless nine years shall have expired on the day of
the election. I think that is not according to the
Constitution. My opinion is, that if the nine
years are consummated previous to the fourth of
March, the election is good, and is not void. I
propose, therefore, to add to the resolution the
following words; "At the commencement of the
term for which he was elected."
Mr. WEBSTER. That's right; I hope that
amendment will be adopted.
Mr. SHIELDS. My honorable friend, theSen-
ator from Mississippi, [Mr. Foote,] introduced
his motion without my knowledge or consent. I
now most respectfully request him to withdraw
that motion.
Mr. FOOTE. With great pleasure, if it is the
desire of the honorable Senator. It is certainly
true that 1 made the motion without consulting
h:m on the subject. '
Mr. SHIELDS. The motion to postpone hav-
ing been withdrawn, I now, wnh 'permission of
this honorable body, tender my resignation.
The letter tendering the resignation was con-
vene:! by a page to the Secretary's desk.
Mr. WEBSTER. It cannot be read, sir. I
now move to amend the resolution, by addinf the
words suggested by the Senator from South°Car-
olina.
Mr. HALE. I hope the letter of resignation
will be read.
Mr. WEBSTER. It cannot be read, sir.
Mr. CASS. Is it in order to move to lay the
resolution on table? .
The VICE PRESIDENT, it is in order.
Mr. CASS. Then I make that motion.
Mr.WEBSTER. I call forthe yeas and nays,sir.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WEBSTER. I suppose the object of the
: Senator from Michigan, in moving to lay the res-
: olution on the table, is to lay the report on the
table also.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be its
effect, as I understand it. *
The yeas and nays were then taken, and result-
ed as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bradbury, Cass, Dickinson, Douglas,
Downs, Fitzpatriek. Foote, Male, Flamhn, Jones., Husk,
; S011I6. Sturgeon, Turney, and Yulee—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, B.td^er, Baldwin, Bell, B.er-
rien, Borland, Bright, Butler, Calhoun', f'ha«f\ Clarke, Cor-
win, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Dawson,
Pelch, Greene, Hunter, Mnnsum. Mason, Miller, Morton,
Norris, Pearee, Phelps, Snward, Stnith, Spruance, Under-
wood, Upham, Wales, Walker, Webster, and Wlutcomb
—34.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
The question then recurred on the amendment.
Mr. FOOTE desired the resolution to be read as
it would stand if the amendment were adopted.
; The Secretary read it, as follows:
I Resolvedy That the election of James Shields to be a Sen-
| ator of the United States was void, he not having been a
| citizen of the United States the term of years required as a
qualifiation to be a Senator of the United States at the com-
| mencement of the term for which he was elected.
i Mr. FOOTE. I regret to feel compelled to offer
a few remarks in opposition to the amendment now
und^r consideration; but I assure the Senate that
I could not remain silent without a sense of self-
*disapprobation which it would be not a little pain-
ful to experience. Sir, the proposition contained
in the Amendment is not only, in my judgment,
i unreasonable in itself, hut it is calculated to he
; deeply mischievous in several striking respects.
An election of a United States Senator, to supply
' the vacancy occasioned by the expiration of Mr.
Breese's term, has taken place; the Governor of
the sovereign State of Illinois has commissioned
the present claimant, [Mr. Shields;] his commis-
sion has been exhibited here; it has commanded
our respect after the fullest consideration; and, in
' obedience to advice of distinguished Senators now
in favor of the amendment of the honorable Sena-
tor from South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun,] and the
; original resolution of the committee to whom this
1 subject has been referred, we have decided that the
| commission of the claimant constituted such prima
' facie evidence of his right to a seat here that we
were bound to admit him at least for the present,
j He has been regularly sworn in as a Senator; for
! days past he has voted with us, and performed all
! the functions of a Senator; and now we are urged
1 to recognize the election and commission of the
: claimant as utterly void ab initio—not voidable only,
but void absolutely and completely, to all intents
and purposes. Some of us have no objection, cer-
: tainly, to declaring that, upon the evidence now
before us, (if we are to act upon the question with-
out obtaining further testimony,) the claimant was
inpJigible to a seat in the Senate on the fourth day
of March last, and that he yet remains ineligible.
. But to declare not only that he is ineligible, and
was so on the fourth of March last, but that his
election was a. nullity from the hegmning—that his
commission was, in us inception, void and of no
force and effect whatsoever—is what we are not
prepared either to assert or sanction. Sir, it would
be wronging, as I think, the sovereign State of
Illinois and herLegislaturt thus todeeide; it would
be asserting that the good people of Illinois, among
whom the claimant has po long lived, and at whose
bidding he has discharged the duties of so many
important civil offices, are wholly urtdiscei ning and
shamefully incapable of self-government. If would
be stultifying ourselves also, who have, as I have
already shown, distinctly asserted, by admitting
the honorable claimant to the seat which he now
occupies, that though he was subject to be turned
out hereafter, upon more conclusive evidence, yet
that, for the present, his ri^ht to H place in this
Chamber, as a prima jarie claim, was incontrovert-
ible and undoubted. It would be deeply injunous
to the claimant himself, since, after admitting him
as a Senator, wehlfiuld decide that he had been
guilty of something like imposition in thrusting
himself upon our notice, without the shadow of a
claim to our recognition.
