1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
389
Senate of the U. S.
Case of General Shields—Debate.
Special Session.
The amendment of the honorable Senator from j
Wisconsin, which deals alone, but most clearly
and palpably, with the question of ineligibility, I
am willing to sustain by my vote, since the honor-
able claimant himself is no longer desirous of post-
poning this investigation until the first Monday in
December next.' By adopting this amendment we
should gain ail the objects which are really desi-
rable, and which honorable gentlemen propose to
attain by the amendment which I am now resist-
ing. The seat heretofore occupied by the honor-
able claimant would be decked vacant by reason
of his present incompetency tc occupy it. The way
would be open for a new election, or an executive
appointment of some person to fill the vacancy
thus arising:. We would pronounce the election
ard^commission of the honorable claimant void
and inoperative henceforward, in consequence of
his present ineligibility. T'ns is surely enough
for all proper purposes—enough for all purposes
yet suggested by honorable Senators. But this is
not enough for certain gentlemen here. They must i
make a victim; they must do something to pro-
pitiate the accursed spirit of Native Americanism,
whose fell influence has already deluged the streets
of some of our populous cities with precious blood,
and carried the torch of the incendiaiy into private
mansions and the temples of the living; God. The
noble-hearted claimant is a native of a foreign
land. His infancy was cradled,, and his days of
young boyhood were passed, amidst the localities
where once flourished a Grattan, a Curran, and an
Emmet, He was born beyond the rolling ocean,
and is only an American because he is a iover of
liberty and of free institutions, and came here to
enjoy them, where only they could be enjoyed in
all their amplitude and perfection. It is msired, I
fear, to fix a'brand upon his forehead, because,
though born in a distant land, he has presumed to
aspire to high station in a Republic where, for ;
seventeen years, he has performed all the duties of ;
a patriot in peace, and in war has fought with
glory unsurpassed in battles .whose renown will
never pass away. Yes, this man is to be perse-
cuted, proscribed, and degraded, without crime,
and'upon pretexts too flimsy and ridiculous to bear
the least scrutiny or examination. What is it that
gentlemen desire to attain by declaring that the
election and commission of the honorable claimant
were ab initio void? I will not accuse honorable
Senators of entertaining any design of an unwor-
thy character; but I tell them boldly, and tell them
confidently, that, when the intelligent voters of the
Republic will be called upon to pronounce judg-
ment upon these present acts, thousands, yea,
hundreds of thousands, will be heard to accuse
them of being actuated, in part at least, by a ve-
hement desire to increase the relative strength of
the Whig party in this Chamber; for it is plain,
that if we pronounce the honorable claimant ineli-
gible merely, and declare his seat vacant from the
present moment, no one will doubt that it will be
competent for the Governor of Illinois to appoint
some other Democrat, or the honorable claimant
himself, (which, I presume, would in all proba-
bility be the case,) to fill the vacancy thus arising.
But'if we decide that the seat heretofore accorded
to the honorable claimant never has been, in fact,
rightfully and constitutionally occupied by him,
then, according to all the precedents, we shall have
to decide against any executive appointee who
may come hither demanding tecogmtion as suc-
cessor to the honorable claimant, on the ground
that it is not possible for a vacancy to arise in an
office which, during an existing term, has never
been supplied with an incumbent.
After deciding the election and commission to be
absolutely void, (a decision which I have shown
not to be at all necessary to be made for any fair
practical purposes,) how could we agree to admit a
Senator here who would desire to occupy a seat
among us for a term of six,years from the 4ih of
March last, which seat we would have previously
declared never to have been occupied for a single
instant of that same term of six years ? I do not
say that the adjudication which we are now called
upon to make would be absolutely binding upon
us, when a new claimant, under an cxeeuti\e ap-
pointment, should have arrived here; but I do
insist that no one at all acquainted with the consti-
tution of that mysterious thing called the human
heart—of which pride of opinion is so striking an
{ attribute—would expect honorable Senators here
] to reverse their decision upon the point under
I review next December, even though such reversal
j might increase the strength of their own political j
i party in this body by one vote. Now, when we |
recollect that the Illinois Legislature sits only bien-
nially, and that its next session is now some eigh-
teen months distant, it will not appear at all unrea-
sonable to suppose that the effect of our expressing
the opinion that we are so warmly invoked to ex-
press must almost unavoidably be to diminish the
'Democratic strength here to the extent which I
; have specified. I do not know how others may
i feel on the subject, but, for one, I am resolved
I not unnecessarily do anything which might have
a.tendency to increase the strength and consolidate
j the ascendency of the party in power. Nor will I
I do anything here or elsewhere to fan the smoul-
■ dering embers of Native Americanism to renewed
j fury. Gentlemen who a few years ago had the
! moral courage (to use the mildest term) gravely
; and fiercely to urge, in the national councils, that
1 no nati've of any foreign country arriving upon our
shores should be allowed to become naturalized
i until some twenty yeais should have elapsed after
his coming among us, can very consistently, I
, think, vote for the amendment under consider-
ation; but with my views of my duty as a consci-
entious Senator, and the sacred obligations which
j rest upon me as a member of the Democratic party,
|j I vow.most solemnly that there are few acts of
legislation which could be proposed to me which
j! I would resist more strenuously and perseveringly
j" than that which is now under discussion,
i Mr. DOUGLAS. The question now before the
! Senate for decision is, whether we will disfranchise
; the State of Illinois for two years? General Shields
/ having resigned his seat, that seat is now vacant;
' and, being vacant, I apprehend that the Governor
; of Illinois could make an appointment to fill such
jl vacancy. The question then recurs, whether the
' Senate shall leave the matter in that shape, or in-
, sist upon going further, and making a decision to
Lthe effect that the Governor shall not fill thevacan-
\ cy on the part of the State of Illinois; that she
i shall be unrepresented, as far as one of the seats
• she is entitled to in this Chamber is concerned, for
'! the period of two years. So far as the provisions
!' of the Constitution of the United States militate
|j against the admission of General Shields as a
member of this body because of ineligibility, that
difficulty is done away by the resignation of Gen-
j eral Shields. The seat is vacant. No allegation
1 can be made that there is any gentleman holdinga
seat on this floor who is not entitled to it by the
Constitution. We now desire to extend our legis-
jj lation on this subject, and decide that what h,as
|! been done by the State of Illinois was void, and
|| also that the State shall be disfranchised, unless
ii she will go to the expense and trouble of calling a
;t special session of the Legislature for the purpose
!i of filling the vacancy. I have already said that
:i the Legislature of Illinois, according to the Staje
constitution, would not meet in regular session
,1 until a year from next January, as their regular
ij session has just closed, and they only meet bien-
!i nially. According to previous decisions of this
i; body, you have declared that a Governor cannot
M fill a vacancy, as a vacancy, for a term which has
ji never been originally filled; or, in other words, if
a Senatorial term expiies, and an election for the
1; successor takes place, a vacancy occurring imme-
diately thereafter is not such a one as that, under
J the Constitution, the Governor has power to fill.
i It is proposed now to say that the act of the Illinois
j; Legislature was void in electing General Shields,
,i and that his seat is vacant; yet, as an election has
'\ been held, that the Governor cannot fill the v acan-
;; cv. Sir, I am not prepared to admit that the act
;i of the State of Illinois is void under the Consutu-
tion. There are three qualifications necessary to
make aSenator. Two of them, citizenship and age,
need not exist until the individual becomcs a Sena-
: tor; the other, inhabitancy of the State, must exist
: at the time of election. I believe it is admitted by
:: all now that my proposition of yesterday was cor-
i! rect, that if an individual be a citizen nine years
'! on the fourth of March, he would be eligible
'j to become a Senator, and the election would be
1 valid. The proposition of the Senator from Mas-
! sachusetts is, that the election was void, unless, at
ii the time of the election) such & state of facts existsa
as would render it possible for him to assume the
functions of the office at the time it would devolve
upon him. According to that proposition, the
election was not void, because the Constitution
provides that the Senator shall hold his term for
six years, and that the regular time of meeting un-
der the Constitution shall be the first Monday in
i December. Thus, according to the Constitution,
! General Shields would be eligible to a seat in this
j body at the period fixed by the Constitution for
j Congress to commence its regular session. 1 sub-
! mit that, if he be ineligible at the period fixed by
j the Constitution for the Senate to assemble, al-
i though a special session of the Senate might be
called in the mean time, yet the Senate, at the reg-
ular session, would have the power to say that he
was not eligible at the special session. Why
should the Senate, upon a point admitted to be
doubtful, go beyond what is necessary for its own
vindication, for the purpose of inflicting an injury
upon a sovereign State of this Union? What ne-
! cessity is there forgoing further? You have vin-
1 dicatcd the rights of the Senate by not allowing
any one to be here that was not constitutionally
eligible; why is it that now you must go further,
i and say that Illinois shall not be represented here
| for two years, unless she goes to the expense of
(calling a special meeting of the Legislature? I
i! hope no such decision as that will be made by the
! Senate. All the objects proposed to be attained
j by this resolution have been accomplished; why
' not, then, allow this matter to be disposed of?
i What good will result from the infliction of this
< further injury on my State, which will be charged
[ upon the "head of my colleague, who has resigned
i his seat? I do not chargc that any Senator here
! desires to inflict an injury upon my State, or that
I gentlemen are actuated by a motive of that charac-
t ter in the action they propose; nevertheless, the
j result of that action will be to furnish arguments
j for one set of individuals against another, in any
| election hereafter to come off, charging that the
, expense and trouble of an extra meeting of the
I Legislature have been incurred in consequence of
i General Shields's election. I trust the Senate will
! do no act that will occasion the weight of its pow-
erful influence to be cast in favor of one or the
other of such contending parties, but that it will
simply name the seat of General Shields as vacant
under the Constitution. The whole duty of the
Senate will be performed by allowing the subject
now to be laid on the table; there will then be no
necessity for further action.
Mr.. HALE. I rise for the purpose of moving
that the further consideration of this subject be
postponed until to-morrow, and I will state the
reason why I make that motion. The question
now presents itself to my mind in a very different
aspect from that in which it presented itself a little
, while a£0. I understand now that General Shields
j has resigned his seat upon this floor, and that his
1 letter of resignation lies upon your table. It seems
j to me that it Is due to a gentleman occupying a seat
j here that we should have the courtesy and grace
! at least to receive his communication. If General
I Shields was not a Senator of the United States
! legally and constitutionally, he was, at all events,
j here holding the place of Senator, and for the time
i bein°" exercising the functions of Senator, and that
j| by our permission. That being the case, he can
{j certainly resign the place he holds, or which by
Ij courtesy he hat been holding. And it seems to
!j me that the ordinary courtesy which distinguishes
;! the conduct of gentlemen requires of us that we
should give him leave to say that he will, with our
consent, retire from this Chamber. But, instead
of this, we are proposing to say to him, No, sir,
!i you shall not retire; you shall not make your bow
' and go out gracefully, but you shall sit here until
we go through the form of rejecting you.^
It has been announced that General Shields has
- sent his resignation to your table, and, before the
] Senate has taken if up, or even heard it read, we
. are proceeding to declare that he is not entitled to
! his seat. Well, he does not ask it. He'is not
; claiming a seat. There is no Senator now from
j Illinois,^who puts himself in the attitude of claim-
| ant of a seat; and it seems to me to be but a matter
; of common courtesy to let the subject he over until
> to-morrow, and then if it appear that the constitu-
! tional privileges of the Senate have not been prop-
I erly vindicated, we can take up the subject and act
