340
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 14,
Senate of the U. S.
Case of General Shields—Debate.
Special Session.
upon it. But I certainly think it must suggest
itself to every Senator that everything has been
done which the Constitution requires on our part;
and, that being done, we must remember that there
Is something doe to the feelings of the individual
who is most concerned in the matter. This is my
view, and I do hope that it will present itself to
others in the same light. I hope that the letter of
resignation will be read, and that the subject will
be passed over until to-morrow.
Mr. WEBSTER. I have but very few words,
sir, to address to the Senate, and I shall not trouble
them again. I desire to say to the Senator from
Illinois, that he does his friend no service by op-
posing the immediate decision of this question.
Is it not obvious, that if the Executive appoint-
ment occur in the recess, a question must arise as
to whether there was a vacancy, and what sort of
a vacancy? If a man has no seat, how can he
resign his seat? If the election was void, a vacancy
cannot be created by resignation—there is a va-
cancy already. Then I suggest to Senators—
those wh.o say that the question is so clear—that,
however it may now be decided by the Senate,
the question must hereafter be, whether there was
a vacancy when the resignation, so called, was
made.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I must state to the Senator
from Massachusetts, with all due respect to him,
that I must be permitted to judge for myself 
Mr. WEBSTER. Of course.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Whether my course is ren-
dering my State any service or not. But it does
not seem to me that it can require argument to
convince the Senate, that to deprive her of a part
of her representation here for two years, is doing
her a.disservice.
Mr. WEBSTER. How does it deprive her of
representation?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Because you propose unne-
cessarily to make a decision that will deprive the
Governor of that State of the power of filling the
vacancy.
Mr. WEBSTER. Certainly not.
Mr. FOOTE. The vacancy does not arise from
the act of the Senate.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The proposition is, that the
election was void. I maintain, that under the
Constitution, you have no right to declare it void:
that is, upon the question which is still pending
before you, you have no right to say that the elec-
tion was void. It may have been voidable—it is
voidable, according to the facts shown by the
committee. But if you had not raised an objec-
tion, and General Shields had held his seat for six
years, would you assert that his votes were in-
valid? Of course not. They would have been
valid. Every act of his would have been as
valid as the acts of any other Senator. Yet, if
his election was void, those acts would be void !
too. I undertake to say that the election was not 1
void, although it was voidable, and that his seat
will only become vacant when you so declare it. I
His election is legally valid until you declare oSher- ;
wise; so far legal as to make his acts valid acts, j
And now we propose to declare that it was void, !
and thereby disfranchise the State of Illinois. If .
you simply declare the seat vacant, then the Gov- !
ernor of the Slate can appoint a Senator to fill the 1
place. If you permit a resignation, the Governor
can appoint. Why, then, is it necessary to go on
and do an act which your own vindication does j
not require you to do? ^Why is it neccssary to \
read me a lecture that I am doing my State no '•
service?
Mr. WEBSTER. I beg the Senator's pardon. !
I did not say that he was doing his State no ser-
vice.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It was twice stated by the
honorable Senator this morning that I was doifig
my State no service.
Mr. WEBSTER. The Senator misunderstood
me.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am very happy to hear that >
I did misunderstand the Senator. I would not '
have thought it necessary to say a word, if I had "
not understood the Senator as I have stated.
Mr. FOOTE. I desire merely to set myself i
right. It has been settled, over and over again, as i!
gentlemen well know, that a new vacancy cannot !i
arise m an office which has never been occupied, ii
■this is a principle that is recognized in all the ii
departments of the Government. And now, I
ask, will any man undertake to assert, here or
elsewhere, that a vacancy can be created in an office
which they at the same time declare has never
been filled—the commission being a mere nullity,
and the Governor of the State not being able to
appoint, in consequence of the vacancy not arising
in the mode contemplated by the Constitution ? It
is a very plain" proposition, and I am astonished
that the legal minds of gentlemen do not lay hold
of it. 1 conclude by saying, that if it be not the
intention to accomplish the object which I have
i intimated; if it be not an attempt to lessen tfce
| Democratic strength,and increase that of the pany
I in power, I cannot understand why this pertinacity
is exhibited.
I Mr. BERRIEN. I desire to acquit myself of
' any waot of respect towards the State of Illinois,
! and of any want of courtesy towards the gentle-
' man who is the subject of this controversy. Nor
do I consider myself as acting upon this question
with a view to the vindication of the privileges of
the Senate. We arc simply engaged in perform-
ing a duty which as Senators we owe to the Con-
stitution of the United States; and it seems to me
that we manifest the most perfect respect for the
State of Illinois by vindicating the principles of the
Constitution, which she, in common with the other
States of this Union, has ordained for the govern-
ment of this people. Now, it seems to me that
the indications are very clear that it is the opinion
of a majority of this Senate that this election was
absolutely void at the time when it was made, if
for no other cause, because the individual elected
was not qualified to take his seat on the fourth of
|i March last—on the day when, by the Constitu-
] tion, his Senatorial term was to commence. Ta-
j! king this to be the conviction of the Senale, I ask
,! if any action of this body can change the conse-
ji quences which must result? The Senator from
Illinois seeks to discharge a duty which he owes
'I to his State. Sir, we all owe a like duty to the
|j State of Illinois, and to every other State in the
:j Union. But he mistakes, in my opinion, if he
h supposes that any action of this Senate, either by
I passing or by refusing to pass the resolution, can
■ affect .the right of the State of Illinois, or the man-
|l ner in which that right shall be exercised by the
j; constituted authorities in electing a Senator.
ij The question proposed by the Senator from
il Massachusetts is perfectly unanswerable. If this
II election was void, the office has never been filled
il since the expiration of the last Senatorial term,
'j The vacancy which has preexisted the adjourn-
| ment of Congress must continue to exist, because
1 it depends upon the interpretation of the Consti-
tution, and is wholly independent of any action
of ours. The Governor cannot appoint, nor can
we, by our action, enable him to appoint. The
election is for six years, as shown by the creden-
tials of the Senator; and, to enable the State of
Illinois to be represented in an extra session, which
the President may deem it necessary to call, the
Senator must be qualified to take his seat at any
time after the ex'piration of his predecessor's time.
The term of the predecessor of the Senator from
Illinois having expired on the 3d day of March,
unless the Constitution contemplated that the State
j should be unrepresented, the succeeding term must
. commence on the next day. And it is necessary '
! that he should be qualified to take his seat, accord- !
I ing to the expiess teims of his credentials, as a ;
! Senator of the United States for six years from the !
j 4tb day of March. That is the testimony in the I
J present case. And now, if this gentleman was
I not qualified to discharge the duty of Senator on !
i the 4th day of March, is it possible that any ac- ,
: tion of ours can change the existing state of facts? !
; If he is not qualified on that day, the office is ren- !
; dered vacant by the expiration of the term of his i
i predecessor, and is not affected by any action of j
! ours. No action of ours can change the state of 1
facts arising from an application of the principles '
! of the Constitution. I desire, sir, to say that in ij
the course which I pursue on this occasion, I am ■ !
merely fulfilling what I conceive to be a constitu-
tional duty; not contending for the privileges of!l
the Senate; certainly not desirous of manifesting !■
any disrespect to the State of Illinois, or to her
Senator; but, on the contrary, believing that that j1
State has as much interest as any other in the en- ''
forcement of the principles of the Constitution, ji
And, so far from having any desire to manifest
discourtesy towards the gentleman who is the sub-
ject of controversy here, if I could have had any
such feeling anterior to the time of liia taking his
seat, that feeling would have been entirely re-
moved by the honorable course which that gentle-
man has adopted here.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I wish to say a few words
upon this view of the question, because it has
been narrowed down to the point, as to whether
the Governor of the State will have the right to
fill the vacancy or not. I think that the honorable
Senator from Georgia will, upon reflection, be
convinced that he is m error in supposing that this
election was absolutely void at the time when it
took place; and if I can get the attention of the
Senate, I think that I can bring their minds at
least to a pause upon this point. This election
took place in January. Could the Legislaturfi of
Illinois, in the month of Februaiy, have elected
another Senator in the place-of Mr. Breese, whose
term has expired, after they had elected General
Shields? Could they have proceeded to the elec-
tion of another Senator, until General Shields had
resigned, or until this Senate had declared the seat
vacant? I apprehend, sir, that it could not have
been done. The election was so far valid as to
preclude the Legislature of Illinois from going
into another election, until the judgment of this
Senate had been had upon the question. It was
valid. A man has been elected, and his credentials
have been furnished him; which credentials were
of that character, that this Senate was compelled,
by the conviction of what was due to the Consti-
tution, to receive the person so elected into this
body. Can the Legislature of Illinois now; with-
out th^Pesignation of General Shields, or without
any action of this body upon the subject, declare
the seat vacant, and proceed to fill that vacancy?
I apprehend not, sir; and, sir, the Legislature were
estopped from making another election until a de-
cision of the Senate should be had upon the valid-
ity of the election .which had been made. The
Constitution of the United States provides that a
State may elect a Senator, and, when elected, the
Senate of the United States is to be the judge of
his qualifications. The State has done its duty—
it' has done all it could do. Its power has been
exhausted. It was estopped from another election
until the decision of the Senate could be had. The
election of Senator was valid, and is valid, up to
the period of his resignation, or of a decision of
this body to the contrary. It is the action of this
body, then, that creates a vacancy. Andthe va-
cancy must take date from the time of the action
of this body, or of the resignation. Then, and not
till then, can the State of Illinois fill the vacancy. If
this be the case, sir, then no vacancy exists until
this body decides the question. This body being
intrusted by the Constitution with the decision of
ji the question, how can it be said that this election
;i was void from the beginning; that no election has
i been had; and that there has been no Senator here?
I, I apprehend, sir, that this cannot be said consist-
'I ently with the Constitution. I apprehend, sir, that
;! the office of Senator from Illinois has been filled
i from the fourth day of March to the present time.
But it has been filled by a person who could be
; ousted. It has been filled in legal form by the ac-
| tion of the Legislature, by the tribunal competent
to judge of the eligibility of the person selected.
; If we now declare the seat vacant, the vacancy
takes place this day, and not from the fourth of
J March. And, sir, I will call the attention of the-
: Senator from Georgia, in confirmation of thisargu-
j ment, to the fact which I suited when I was last
: up, that the Senator from Illinois has voted at
different times. I ask if those votes were not legal;
if they were not valid ? The Senator shakes his
head. I tell the honorable Senator—and it is with
great deference that I state to him a legal prop-
osition—I tell him that it has been the universal
decision that the acts of a de facto member are valid.
I can show you acts of Congress passed at the
last session—at the last long session—which were
passed by the vote of a sitting member whose seat
was afterwards vacated; and acts which were
passed by his casting vote. I can show you a long
list of acts of tins Congress, a long list of laws of
the United States, which have been enacted by
the casting vote of a sitting member whose seat
was afterwards vacated. Are not those acta valid?
