1849.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
341
Senate of the U. S.
Case of General Shields—Debate.
Special Session,
Most undoubtedly they are valid arid binding; they
are now the laws of the land. Now, sir, if I am
right in the position that the votes given by General
Shields are valid votes, that the acts of Congress
passed by the casting vote of a sitting member,
whose seat is afterwards vacated, are held to be
valid, and become the laws of the land—which
laws would not have been passed, but for the cast-
ing vote of the sitting member—am I to be told
that the seat has been vacant all this time ? If so,
you will have to go back and expunge the laws
upon your statute book. I maintain, therefore,
that the seat has been filled until the resignation;
then, and not until then, the \4acancy commences;
and then the Governor of the State has the right
to fill the vacancy.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President 
Mr. BERRIEN. Will the Senator from South
Carolina permit me to answer the inquiry which
has been propounded by the Senator from Illinois?
This election, he says, took place in January; and
the query he propounds is, whether the Legisla-
ture could proceed to elect a new Senator in Feb-
ruary? I answer, unquestionably, yes. If we
are right in the decision that the election in Janu-
ary was void; that the Legislature had elected an ;
individual who could not constitutionally take his |
seat, they might have proceeded to a second elec-
tion, if they had been satisfied of the fact. Then
there is another question, whether they could pro-
ceed to an election 
Mr. DOUGLAS. The second question is this:
whether the votes given by the sitting member,
whose seat is subsequently vacated, are also void;
and, if so, whether the acts of Congress passed by
those votes of the sitting member are a nullity?
which they must be, if the opinion be c^ect-that
there was no Senator at all.
Mr. BERRIEN. The general principle, as I
understand it, upon the subject, is, that the acts
are valid. The subject of contioversy, in the
House of Representatives, has been as to the fact
of election.
Mr. DOUGLAS. And, in some cases, as to
alienage.
Mr. BERRIEN. Can the Senator point out
such an instance ?
Mr. BUTLER. I gave way, as I thought, that
the Senator might answer an inquiry.
Mr. BERRIEN. I will resign the floor. My
purpose was merely to answer the question pro-
pounded by the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. BUTLER. The Senator from Georgia
may proceed.
Mr. BERRIEN. I understand the principle to
be that such votes shall be considered valid, al-
though the party holds the seat by no legal tenure;
and that the rule was adopted on the ground of
necessity.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Is it not upon the ground
that the person occupying the seat is the officer,
and the only one, entitled to it until his seat is
vacated ?
Mr. BERRIEN. That will depend upon the
ground of the objection—whether the election was
void, or only voidable. Now, with respect to res-
ignation. It is decided, by a large majority, that
the gentleman was disqualified from taking his seat
upon this floor; and, if he was disqualified to fill I
the office, I ask how he can resign the officei
Mr. DOUGLAS. Upon the ground thata man |
who is appointed to office must discharge the duties j
of that office, and must be considered the wghtful i
incumbent, until displaced in the constitutional |
mode; and that while there, his acts are !o be con-;
sidered valid. Holding the seat under the commis- j
sion of his State, he is entitled to all the privileges j
connected with the office, until he sees fit to resign,
unless you previously oust him from the seat by
legal power.
Mr. BERRIEN. I cannot consent to trespass
longer upon the time of the Senator from South
Carolina, except to say to the Senator from Illinois
that he always comes back to the point of distinc-
tion between an election that is void and an election
that is merely voidable. Where[the objection is to
the eligibility of the incumbent, the vacancy must
have existed from the beginning; and the party
could not give up an office which lie had never
filled.
Mr. DOUGLAS. He is filling it now.
Mr. BERRIEN. No, sir; not at all.
Mr. BUTLER. If I could have heard the Sen-
ator from Georgia, perhaps I would not have said
anything on the subject; but I could not hear the
Senator's remarks. My principal object is, how-
ever, to avoid, if possible, being misunderstood by
reason of the remarks which I made yesterday.
My opinion, is now, that the proposition of the
Senator from Wisconsin and the amendment of
my colleague involve the same principle. If there
be any difference, I cannot perceive it. I main-
tained yesterday, and still maintain, that although
General Shields was ineligible at the time of his
election, yet if he could have taken his seat on the
4th of March with his qualifications complete, his
previous ineligibility would not vitiate his election.
But, inasmuch as it is represented that he could
not at" the time of taking his seat show that his
qualifications were complete, I must be permitted
to say that I am clearly of opinion that it cannot
be maintained that he ever had a valid title to his
seat at all. The question resolves itself into this:
did his election confer upon him a valid title to the
seat on the 4th of March ? If it did not, it is not a
title at all. You may qualify it, by calling the
election voidable, or void, as you please. He had
prima facie evidence of title to the seat in the cre-
dentials which were presented. But the moment
it was ascertained that the title conferred upon him
no right at all to take his seat here on the 4th of
March, you eafmot say that any title had been
conferred upon him at all. A deed bears upon its
face prima facie evidence of validity; butas soon as
it is ascertained that it is founded upon a void con-
sideration, it is no deed at all.
Another difficulty has been presented by the
Senator from Illinois, and it is, whether it was
competent for the Legislature of Illinois, after it
had conferred the appointment upon Gen. Shields,
to have instituted an inquiry as to his eligibility.
I regard the proposition as being perfectly clear,
that if the Legislature had become satisfied that
they had been mistaken as to the eligibility of
General Shields, they could have instituted an in-
quiry upon the subject, and revoked the power
they had conferred and elected another Senator.
I maintain that the proposition of the Senator from
Wisconsin and that of my colleague are precisely
the same.
But it is represented here that General Shields,
j having no title to his seat, must go back for re-
1 election or appointment by the Governor, and that
! it is the duty of this body to throw no obstacle in
the way, but to act in such a manner as to render
| this practicable. Sir, we cannot construe the Con-
j stitution of the United States for the accommoda-
tion of individuals. That is out of the question.
My own inclinations are ill favor of the sitting
member. I concur in the opinion that it is due to
the State of Illinois that this question should be
! settled. I know it has been stated that General
Shields has offered to resign. But if there is noih-
; ing which he can resign, the act would be a nullity.
| To determine this, we must go back to the distinct
inquiry as to whether the election conveyed a valid
title at the time when he was called upon to dis-
1 charge the duties of the office. If the election
. never has been valid, I presume it will be admitted
I that the Governor cannot fill the vacancy, and the
' sooner the facts are ascertained the better, in order
' to enable the Governor of Illinois to take measures
' to have the State represented by Senators upon :
this floor. I shall be much mistaken if, after the jj
matter shall have been fully discussed, those gen- j;
tlemen who have argued thus with much perti- !
1 nacity will not be compelled to yield up their judg- !;
ment. I do not wish to elaborate this matter. I 1 j
lose for the purpose of making my remarks of]
yesterday and those of to-day consistent, and to j j
say that it is my belief that the proposition of the j;
Senator from Wisconsin and that of my colleague :
I are precisely the same. ;
| Mr. UNDERWOOD. I always listen with great j,
; pleasure to the gentleman over the way, but really !.
■ I am compelled on the present occasion to differ .
| with him somewhat in opinion, and I wish to give j
' the reason for the opinion which I hold. I think ,
! if my honorable friend from South Carolina be m ,
j error, it is in consequence of his supposing that an ,
office cannot be conferred upon an individual un-
; less that individual is competent to discharge^ the >
duties of such office, and to hold the office. Now, ;
j I apprehend that the proposition v.'inch he lays i
down is not altogether correct, for I believe that
an office may be conferred upon an individual, and
yet that individual may be ascertained, when an
investigation takes place, to be legally incompetent
to hold and exercise the office. But while it has
been conferred, and until the commission is re-
voked, until the authority which has been attempt-
ed to be vested in him is taken from him, I believe
he may legitimately exercise the functions of that
office. Now let us reason about this matter: let
us look at the Constitution. The Constitution
says that unless an individual has been nine years
a citizen of the United States he cannot be a Sen-
ator of the United States. And that is not the only
prohibition. It says that unless he be of the age
of thirty years he shall not be a Senator. Suppose,
then, you elect a man who is under thirty years of
age, is not 'the election void ? But this is not all.
The Constitution says that if he is convicted of
high crimes and misdemeanors he may be im-
peached, and the judgment of impeachment will
disqualify him. I will read the provisions of the
Constitution, for I see the gentleman shaking his
head. If you look at the Constitution you will
find that nonage, alienage, and conviction upon
impeachment, all amount to disqualifications for
holding office. But how do you reach it? You
reach it under the next provision of the Constitu-
tion, which declares that each House shall be the
judge of the election and return of its members.
And when the House, upon proper investigation,
comes to the conclusion that any member has not
attained the required age, or that he is incapacita-
ted for any other reason, such member is deprived
of his seat.
Then, sir, it is in virtue of the sentence of the
tribunal making this investigation, trying and as-
certaining the fact; it is in viitue of that sentence
that the office becomes vacant, and he is turned
out; and until the sentence is pronounced by the
body judging of the qualifications of its members,
the general evidence of election stands perfectly
unimpeached. -And there is no question in regard
to nonage, alienage, or disqualification of any sort,
that can arise, otherwise than by an investigation
on the part of the body judging of the qualifica-
i tions of its members; and uponjhat investigation,
j when the body determines that A B, the sitting
: member, does not possess the qualifications, then
1 the sentence of the body is removal or eviction
from office. Then, sir, v;hat produces the vacancy ?
The vacancy is produced, not by the individual
: lacking the constitutional qualifications, but by the
j judgment of the body investigating the matter,
j 'Sir, let me illustrate this by giving a State case.
'■ The constitution of Kentucky requires that persons
i elected to the Legislature of that State shall have
| resided in the county for which they are elected
! for one year previous to the election. Suppose a
man should be elected after a residence of nine
! months, and take his scat. When you conic to
i judge of the qualifications of that member, and as-
: certain the fact that he has not resided for a year
within the county, just as you ascertain the fact
i that the gentleman from Illinois has not yet been
a citizen "of the United States for a period of nine
years, the tribunal judging of his qualifications will
remove him. Now, in removing a member who
; has been in the occupancy of a seat in a legislative
body, does it vitiate all the laws which have been
passed by the assistance of his vote, and without
I which vote they could not have been passed ? Sir,
: if the Senator from South Carolina will examine the
Journals of the other House, I think he will find
that laws have been passed with the aid of the votes
of individuals who have afterwards, upon investi-
gation into their qualifications, been removed by
wholesale, as in the case of certain members from
New Jersey, a few years ago. Does the fact of
their removal, upon an investigation into their
qualification, subsequently vitiate the laws thus
passed ? It is conceded, I believe, by everybody,
that it does not. Well, what does it prove? It
j proves that under the certificate of election, in both
Houses, while the functions of the office were dis-
charged, the acts were valid; and the subsequent
investigation and removal do not relate back so
as to make them void from the beginning. Sir,
• the proposition is so clearly established by past
' practice ill the history of this country, that it eau-
I not be gainsayed. Well, what does this piove?
' It pK es that here is a de facto exercise of power,
