1849.]
Senate of the U. S.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
84T
Case of General Shields—Debate.
Special Session.
the communication of Genera] Shields to the Vice
President of his intention to resign his seat. I do
not understand that that letter can operate upon
this question in the slightest degree whatever. I
hold, sir, with the Senator from Mississippi, that
no Senator can resign his seat to this body. Resig-
nation can be made only to the appointing power.
An appointment that is derived from the Legisla-
ture of a State, can be returned only to that Legis-
lature. No member of this body derives any
part of his authority, as member of the body,
from the body itself. The Constitution under
which we live declares, that if a vacancy happens
in the Senate, by resignation or otherwise, during
the recess of the Legislature of any State, the Ex-
ecutive thereof may make a temporary appoint-
ment. Now, without that clause of the Constitu- ,
tion, as there is a previous clause for the election i
or appointment by the Legislature alone, I appre-
hend that resignation can be made only to the"
Legislature, because that is the appointing power.
But here is a subsequent clause declaring that
when a vacancy occurs during the recess, the
Governor may appoint. This shows that a va-
cancy may occur by resignation, when the Legis-
lature is not sitting; and when a vacancy occurs !
^uringtbe recess of the original appointing power, ;
it can be filled by the second appointing power. -
I hold it to be necessarily true, that an office can j
only be resigned by returning it to the source [
whence it came. Nor do 1 see that resignation in !
this case, if it were in the power of the Senate to j
accept it, would in the slightest degree affect, en- j
large, or diminish the power of the Governor of)
the State, in filling the vacancy. His power is
derived from the Constitution, and the occasion
upon which he is to exercise it is pointed out by
the Constitution. And if the Governor is called
on to exercise the power of appointing, he must
be governed by the Constitution, and by nothing
else. Now, what is the language of the Con-
stitution ? It is, that if a vacancy occur during the |,
recess of the Legislature, by death, resignation, or
otherwise, the Governor shall appoint. Well, sup-
pose you pass the resolution. A copy of it will be
sent, I presume, to the Governor of Illinois, to
notify him of the action of the Senate, as was done
in the case of Mr. Gallatin. What is the action
of the Senate? It is to declare that the elestion of
General Shields was void. He must apply his
own construction to it. In my opinion the vacancy
occurs at the time when the judgment of this body
is pronounced upon it, and not before. Although
the election was void, none can doubt that the i
ofliee was filled (as Senators have said, a'nd I con- j
fess properly said) by the Senator occupying the j
office as Senator defacto, though not de jure. Now i
the distinction between de facto and de jure is per- i
fectly intelligible; the office was full, though the j
election was void. How was it full? Why, it
was said, and I think properly said by the Sena-
tor from Georgia, that it was filled from necessary
convenience and political necessity. Although the
election was void, yet the office was filled from
political necessity. When the gentleman chosen
presented himself with his certificate of election,
which was prima facie evidence to us of his title to
the seat, he became invested with the privileges of !
office, and held them, though his election was void, \
until the act of resignation. And the action of the
Senate can amount to nothing more than to declare \
that the office is vacant, when the judgment is pro-
nounced. I think, then, it will be found that it is .
not competent for General Shields to resign his
office-to the Senate, or to any other than the ''
power whence he derived it. I do not see that
our action can in the slightest degree affect the
action of the Governor of Illinois. He must de- !
termine for himself. We cannot dictate to him;
least of all can we control him. I have regarded '
this question, then, as one purely judicial. I should ;
be exceedingly sorry, as I presume every Senator :
would be, if our act should be liable to any mis- ,
conjunction or perversion; or if it should be con- |
sidered a reflection upon the justly distinguished l
and gallant gentleman whose case has come before j,
us, necessarily, under the Constitution. I cannot u
imagine for a moment, that it will disparage him j;
with ihe appointing power, or in the estimation of j
his fellow-citizens. But, if this were the case, it ]
should not in the slightest degree affect our action, jt
I shall with pleasurS vote for the amendment of l
the Senator from South Carolina, as making the
resolution more explicit. B
Mr. RUSK. I dislike to be troublesome to the
j Senate; but it seems to me that we are failing into
| error in regard to the matter of resignation. There
I are some offices which cannot be resigned without
; the consent of the appointing power. But that is
j not the case with the office of Senator of the Uni-
! ted States. All the power that a Senator possesses
| he receives from the Legislature of his State, and
j to that Legislature he must resign it; for to them
j is he responsible. The only responsibility that he
i owes to this body is to be present here to vote.
' This body has the right to compel the attendance
J of its members so long as they continue to be
. members of the body. Well, now, what is it that
constitutes resignation? It is not the consent which
the Senate gives to it, or which the State gives to
, it, but it is the voluntary act of the Senator him-
j self; and, as such, should be voluntary. How
many instances are there of gentlemen resigning
1 here and assuming other duties within twenty-four
hours afterwards, without notifying the State at
; all ? The moment the individual does the act he
ceases to be a Senator; he ceases to be under the
, responsibility of discharging the duties of Senator.
1 It seems to me that this is clear. This individual,
then, having resigned his office of Senator, we have
i no right to cajl.upon him to discharge the duties of
, Senator.* HaVe we the same right, under our rules,
: to enforce his attendance here as we have to enforce
! the attendance of other Senators who have not re-
j signed? Nobody will contend that we have. Here
i there is a propriety in his notifying the Senate that
h% has resigned; and the vacancy commences from
! the moment when he voluntaiily resigns his office.
; It seems to me this is clear. It has been our con-
> stant practice. Undersuch circumstances the Sen-
ate pronounces no judgment-at all. There is the
1 evidence that the individual has resigned the seat
which he previously occupied. The Senate cannot, '
then, go into an inquiry as to whether he occupied .
the seat rightfully or wrongfully. Having resigned :
his seat, he has relieved himself from the obliga- I
tion which he owed to the Senate to obey any of
its rules and orders. And it is only proper, re-
spectful, and right that we should notify the Gov-
ernor of Illinois in the usual form that this resig-
nation has taken place. And it does not change
the question on the resolution a single iota. -That
stands precisely as it did before. The Senate of
the United States is not called upon to make up a
judgment and pronounce upon the question; and if
they do so, it cannot bind the State of Illinois, nor
can it bind the United States.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, moved to lay the
resolution, together with the amendment, upon the
table.
The question being taken, it was decided in the
negative: Yeas 18, nays 32. i
Mr. TURNEY. I desire to say that I do not '
propose to vote upon either the amendment or |
resolution, because there is no contest now before
the Senate. Tlie«case is precisely the same as if ]
General Shields had died. It is a mere abstract |
proceeding, without an object or anything to be !
accomplished, unless there may be produced by it
an effect upon individuals elsewhere. I am utterly
at a loss to know why this motion is persisted in;-
but it is not important for me to enter into that
subject now. This man, General Shields, how-
ever, has been before the Senate on several occa-
sions heretofore, and if he had not an American
heart in his bosom, if he did not possess those ;
principles and feelings which endeared him to the :
people of the United States, these objections should :
have been made on a former occasion. Sir, he [
was before this body for the office of Commis- !
sioner of the General Land Office; he was subse- !
quently before this body under a nomination as «
one of the generals to command our army in Mex- I
ico. We did not hear then that he was an alien
at heart; we heard no such objection. It was then j
believed that he had an American heart, and that j
he was well qualified for that toilsome and dan- J
gerous position, and his services were gladly re- :
ceived and approved of. He was afterwaids be- j
fore the Senate upon a nomination for major j
general, afterwards for a civil appointment, that of ,
Governor of Oregon. Still no objection was raised, !
not a whisper was uttered that he was not pos- ;
cessed of an American heart. Then, sir, was the i
time, in my judgment, if he was not an American
in sentiment and feeling, for objection to have been
made.*
Mr. WALKER. The objection is only to the
want of the constitutional requirement of citizen-
ship for a certain length of time.
Mr. TURNEY. Gentlemen, then, are apply-
ing a mere technicality to this case. Whilst they
are professing to disregard technicalities, they are
endeavoring, by means of a mere technicality, to
place upon the>Journal that which will affect this
individual at'home. Why not act upon his resig-
nation ? Instead of this, you say, No, we will go
on and pronounce judgment, and place that judg-
ment upon the Journal, that it may have an effec.t
upon you at home. As far as this matter is con-
cerned, I merely rise to notify the Senate that I
will not participate in any such proceeding, and 1
hope that Judge Breese, who previously occupied
the seat, contributed nothing to bring about this
investigation in this body. I hope he would be
far from it. I hope he does not even know of it,
or anticipate such a proceeding. Yet gentlemen
on all sides agree that it makes no sort of differ-
ence whether the Senate takes action upon the
resolution or not. It is the difference between
5 tweedledum and tweedledee whether you accept the
| resignation or pass the resolution. Yet you are
j resolved to do the latter. But if it makes no dif-
i ference as to which course the Senate may take,
j either with the State of Illinois or this body, 1 ask
! again, why adhere to the determination, why so
great a desire to pass the resolution ? I perceive
what is the object which Senators have m view,
and I cannot persuade myself that that will not be
the view taken of it by the public. They will see
that the object was persecution. The great mass
of the people, when they come to inquire why
this thing was done, why a great debate was got
up here, will see that it was for no other object
than persecution.
We heard the Senator from Virginia, awhile
ago, deny the right of General Shields to tender
his resignation to the Senate. Did not Governor
Bagby send his resignation to the Senate, and did
we not receive it? Did not Colonel Sevier tender
his resignation to the Senate, and did we not re-
ceive it? Was this question ever raised before
since we were a Government? ' Th£ right of a
Senator to-resign his seat to the Senate was never
before questioned. Then why raise this extraordi-
nary question on the occasion of General Shields's
resignation, and pass over a hundred other cases,
where the right has been exercised, and recognized
by the Senate from the fbundation of the Govern-
ment down to the present day? Why rise up now
and say that the Senate has alwaj's been acting in
violation of the Constitution, has always been ex-
ercising a power which it does not possess, and
now change the whole course so as to affect whom?
General Shields, and nobody else. Now, I say,
under whatsoever pretence this is justified, the
object is only to injure General Shields; for all
agree that the act of resignation is as effectual, for
every purpose, as the passage of the resolution.
The only difference is, that you place the one upon
your records by reversing the whole course of
proceeding of the Senate, from the foundation of
the Government down to the presenl day, by say-
ing that a Senator cannot resign his seat. You do
that, if you do not notice his resignation. And,
notwithstanding it has been received and is upon
your Journal, you say you will now proceed to
render such judgment as you would have rendered
if General Shields had remained in his seat. I do
not desire to take part with General Shields, Judge
Breese, or anybody else m the controveisy. I
desire to be free from it altogether, and 1 would
extend equal courtesy to Judge Breese as to Gen-
eral Shields. But, sir, after the resignation of
General Shields there is nothing upon which the
Senate can act; there is nothing upon which the
resolution can operate. It is nugatory and void in
itself to pronounce the election of General Shields
to have been void. I shall not, therefore, paitici-
pate in the matter. I shall not vote upon either
the amendment or the resolution, after it shall have
been amended. I decline to vote, on the ground that
there is nothing here for the Senate to act upon; and
I will not participate in proceedings which 1 am
fully satisfied the country will pronounce to be a
persecution of a distinguished and gallant officer.
