1849.]
, APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
355
Senate of the U. S.
Call for Papers—Adjournment sine die.
Special Session.
Here he prosecuted the study of the law, and
commenced the practice of his profession. He
was afterwards appointed by the Genera! Assem-
bly a member of the bo«rd of public works. At
the general election of 1846 he was chosen a mem-
ber of the thirty-first Congress, and was reflected
last fall by a large majority.
I have said, Mr. President, that I had not the
pleasure of personally knowing the deceased; but
the trusts with which he was honored by the State
of his adoption, and by his immediate constituency,
who best knew his worth, compose a more appro-
priate eulogy than any which I could pronounce.
I beg leave to submit the following resolutions:
Resolved unanimously, That the members of'the Senate
have received with deep visibility information of the death
of the Hon. Rudolphus Dickinson, late a member of the
Hou^e ot Representatives of the United States, and a mem-
ber elect of that House from the State of Ohio, and that they
tender to the relatives of the deceased the expression of
their ssmpathv in this afflicting bereavement.
Resolved, That the member-* of the Senate, as a mark of
respect for the memory ot the deceased, will attend his
funeral to morrow at 12 o'clock, and wear crape on the left
arm for thirtv days.
Resolved, As a further mark of respect for the memory of
the deceased that the Senate do.now adjourn.
And the Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 21, 1849.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States at the hands of
Colore! Bliss.
On motion by Mr. BADGER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
after a few minutes so spent, the doors were re-
opened.
The Senate and officers, in pursuance of the
resolution passed yesterday, proceeded to the Hall
of the House of Representatives to attend the
funeral services of the Hon. Rijdolphus Dickin-
son.*
The ceremonies having been concluded, the
Senate returned to their Chamber, and adjourned.
* The Hon. Rodolphu* Dickinson, a Representative in
the late Congress, and a Representative elect to the next
Congress, from $e State of Ohio, died in this city at four
IN SENATE.
Thursday, .March 22, 1849.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the following resolution, submitted on Tuesday
by Mr. Foote:
Resolved, That 500 of the 2,000 copies of the geological
report of David Dale Owen, which wa^ ordered to be printed
for the u>e of the Senate at the first session of the last Con-
gress, he delivered to the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, for the use of hin office; and that 1,000 addi-
tional copies he printed for the use of the Senate.
Mr. FOOTE asked the unanimous consent of
the Senate to withdraw the resolution; which was
agreed to.
Mr. F. submitted the following resolution, which
he asked to have considered:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be directed
to transmit to the Senate copies of all the papers on file in
the office of the C'Miiniisjsioner of Pensions relating to the
application of John A. Rodgers for a pension.
Mr. MANGCJM objected to the consideration of
the resolution,.and it lies over under the rule.
Mr. TURNEV moved that when the Senate
adjourn, it be sine die.
Mr. WEBSTER suggested that the motion be
passed over informally for the present; which was
agreed to.
Several messages in writing were received from
the President of the United States, by Colonel
Bliss, his Private Secretary.
On motion of Mr. WEBSTER, tjie Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and, after some time so spent, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
o'clock yesterday morning, (March 21.) His disease, as we
understand, was congestion of the brain ; and he had been
confined to lu>  bed for about five weeks. It is graiifying to
know that some members of his family were with him in
his last illness.
The funeral service will be performed in the Hall of the
Hou.se of Representatives at half past twelve o'clock this
day, and immediately thereafter the procession will move
to the Congressional Bnrial-ground. The following gentle-
men have been appointed to act as pall-bearers:
Mr. Brown, of Miss., Mr. Bowlin, of Mo.,
Mr. Hubbard, ofConn., Mr. Bowdon, of Ala.,
Mr. Marsh, of Vermont, Mr. Barrojv, ofTenn.,
Mr. Marvin, of N". Y., Mr. Irvin, ofPenn.
IN SENATE.
Fridat, March 23, 1849.
On motion of Mr. BADGER, the reading of the
Journal was dispensed with.
Mr. BADGER submitted the following resolu-
tion, and asked its immediate consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate pay to Thomas
Pet«-rs #263, for extra services performed in the retiring and
folding rooms.
Objection having been made, it was laid over
under the rule.
The following resolution, submitted yesterday,
came up in its order:
Resolved) That the Secretary of the Interior be directed
to transmit to the Senate copies of all the papers on file in
the office of the Commis-simier of Pensions, relating to the
application of John A. Rodger® for a pension.
The resolution was then adopted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore informed the
Senate there was no further business before the
body.
Mr. WEBSTER, from the committee appointed
in Executive session yesterday, to wait on the
President of the United States, and inform him,
that unless he might have further communications
to make to them, they were ready to adjourn, sent
the following report to the Chair; which was read,
viz:
"That they duly performed that duty, and that
the President requested them to inform the Senate
that he had no further communication to make to
them. He requested the committee to tender his
respects to the members of the Senate, and to say
that he wished them all a safe return to their homes,
and a happy meeting with their families/'
• Mr. WALKER withdrew his objection to the
consideration of the resolution offered this morning
by Mr. Badger; and ut the same time requested
to be excused from serving on the Committee on
the Contingent Expenses of the Senate.
The resolution was then considered by unani-
mous consent, and adopted.
On motion by Mr. FELCFJ, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and, after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and
The Senate adjourned sine die.
This sheet completes the Appendix to the Congressional Globe for the 2d Session of the 30th Congress, except the Index,
which will b,e sent to subscribers in about two weeks.
The Appendix for this Session does not contain as much matter as usual, because many members did not wish to extend
their speeches and commit themselves, until they knew what policy the Administration would pursue.
Subscribers will be furnished with any numbers not received by them, without charge, if they will write to us for them imme-
diately. Postmasters are authorized by law to frank such letters.
We have printed surplus copies of the Congressional Globe and Appendix for the last session, which we will sell for
$1 50 a copy for each—that is, 50 for a copy of the Congressional Globe, and $1 50 for a copy of the Appendix.
If any person will take both, we send them to him, bound in cloth, free of postage, for $3.
The Congressional Globe and Appendix will be published next session of Congress (which will be a long one) for $3
each. Both Houses of Congress pay to us $3 each for a long session, and $1 50 each for a short one. We sink money at
these prices, whenever we do riot obtain a large number of subscribers. It is probable that the Congressional Globe and
Appendix will each make near 2,000 pages next session of Congress.
