XU1
tHB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Additional compensation to eight watchmen in the south-
east executive building, $1,060.
Additional compensation to three watchmen in the Post
Office Department, $405.
By Me act (clap. 14) making appropriations for the current
an* contingent expenses of lie Indian department, and
for fulfilling treaty stipul<itions with the various Indian
triket^for the year ending the 30 A of June, 1852.
The chief clerk in the office of Indian Affairs to receive
aa annual salary equal to that of the chief clerk of any
other bureau.
year
By the act (chap. 91) making appropriationsfor tk«*
"of the Pott Office Department during tkt fiscal „
ending tie 30th of June, 1852, and for other purposes
The special agents of the Post Office Department to be
allowed each the annual salary of $1,600.
By tke aet (chap. 92) making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Military Academy for the year ending the
30f& of June, 1852.
The professors of engineers, [engineering, J philosophy,
mathematics, ethics, and chemistry, to receive, in lieu of ,
former pay, rations, forage, and servants, $3,000 each per j
annum. j
The professors of drawing *1,500 each. !
And the adjutant of the Military Academy to receive the
pay and allowances of an adjutant of a regiment of dragoons.
By tke act (chap. 39) making appropriations for the civil
and diplomatic expenses of Government for the year
ending the 30 th of June, 1859, and for other purposes.
. The salary of one clerk in the office of the Solicitor of
I the Treasury increased from $800 to $lj000 per annum.
The salary of the chief clerk in the ofhee of the Commis-
i sioner of Pensions Increased $100 per annnm.
i The chief clerk in the bureau of navy-yards and docks
to receive the salary of the chief clerk of the late Navy
hoard.
The assistant and depnty collectors and principal ap-
6raisers at the parts of Boston, New York, Philadelphia,
altimore, and New Orleans, to receive $2,500 per annum.
The assistant appraisers at the ports of Boston, New
York, Philadelphia, and New Orleans, to receive $2,000
per annum.
The collector and inspector of the revenue at Milwaukie,
in Wisconsin, to receive the compensation allowed the col-
j lector and inspector of the customs at Chicago.
The watchmen at the navy-yard, Washington, to receive
each $500 per annum.
I By the act( chap. 37)making appropriations for lighthouses,
[ light-boats, BMfOys, $c., and providing for the erection and
! establishment of the same, and for other purposes.
! The keeper of the Minot's Ledge light to receive an an-
' nual salary of $1,000 per annum : and the assistants $550
1 each per annum.
