1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3
preparation, and there is every reason to expect
that it will be prosecuted with characteristic en-
ergy, especially when that Government shall hare
consented to such stipulations with the Govern-
ment of the United States as may be necessary to
impart a feeling of security to those who may era-
bark their property in the enterprise. Negotia-
tions are pending lor the accomplishment of that
object, and a hope is confidently entertained that,
when the Government of Mexico shall become
duly sensible of the advantages which that country
cannot fail to derive from the work, and learn that
the Government of the United States desires that
the right of sovereignty of Mexico in the isthmus
shall remain unimpaired, the stipulations referred
to will be agreed to with alacrity.
By the last advices from Mexico it would appear,
however, that that Government entertains strong
objections to some of the stipulations which the
parties concerned in the project of the railroad
deem necessary for their protection and security.
Further consideration, it is to be hoped, or some
modification of terms, may yet reconcile the dif-
ferences existing between the two Governments in
this respect.
Fresh instructions have recently been given to
the Minister of the United States in Mexico, who
is prosecuting the subject with promptitude and
ability.
Although the negotiations with Portugal, for
the payment of claims of citizens of the United
States against that Government, have not yet re-
sulted in a formal treaty, yet a proposition made
by the Government of Portugal for the final ad-
justment and payment of those claims,- has re-
cently been accepted on the part of the United
States, It gives me pleasure to say that Mr. Clay,
to whom the negotiation on the part of the United
States had been intrusted, discharged the duties
of his appointment with ability and discretion,
acting always within the instructions of his Gov-
ernment.
It is expected that a regular convention will be
immediately negotiated for carrying the agree-
ment between the two Governments into effect.
The commissioner appointed under the act of
Congress for carrying into effect the convention
with Brazil, of the 27th of January, 1849, has en-
tered upon the performance of the duties imposed
upon him by that act. It is hoped that those du-
ties may be completed within the time which it
f rescribes. The documents, however, which the
mperial Government, by the third article of the
convention,stipulates to furnish to the Government
of the United States, have not yet been received.
As it is presumed that those documents will be es-
sential for the correct disposition of the claims, it
may become necessary for Congress to extend the
penod limited for the duration of the commission.
The sum stipulated by the 4th article of the con-
vention to be paid to this Government has been
received.
The collection in the ports of the United States
of discriminating duties upon the vessels of Chili
and their cargoes has been suspended, pursuant
to the provisions of the act of Congress of the
S4th of May, 1828. It is to be hoped that this
measure will impart a fresh impulse to the com-
merce between the two countries, which, of late,
and especially since our acquisition of California,
has, to the mutual advantages of the parties, been
much augmented.
Peruvian guano has become so desirable an arti-
cle to the agricultural interest of the United States,
that it is the duty of the Government to employ
all the means properly in its power for the purpose
of causing that article to be imported into the
country at a reasonable price. Nothing will be
omitted on my part towards accomplishing this
desirable end. I am persuaded that in removing •
any restraints on this traffic, the Peruvian Gov-
ernment will promote its own best interests, while
it will afford a proof of a friendly disposition to-
wards this country, which will be duly apprecia-
ted.
The treaty between the United States and His
Majesty the King of the Hawaiian Islands, which
has recently been made public, will, it is believed,
have a beneficial effect upon the relations between
the two countries. ;
The relations between those parts of the Island
of St. Domingo, which were formerly colonies of
Spain and France, respectively, are still in an un-
settled condition. The proximity of that Island .
j to the United States, and the delicate questions in-
i volved in the existing controversy there, render it
| desirable that it should be permanently and speedi-
, ly adjusted. The interests of humanity and of
general commerce also demand this; and, as inti-
mations of the same sentiment have been received
] from other Governments, it is hoped that some
plan may soon be devised to effect the object in a
manner likely to give general satisfaction. The
Government of the United States will not fail, by
the exercise of all proper friendly offices, to do all
in its power to put an end to the destructive war
which has raged between the different parts of the
Island, and to secure to them both the benefits of
peace and commerce.
I refer you to the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury for a detailed statement of the finances.
The total receipts into the Treasury, for the
year ending 30th June last, were forty-seven mil-
lion four hundred and twenty-one thousand seven
hundred and forty-eight dollars and ninety cents,
($47,421,748 90.)
The total expenditures during the same period
were forty-three million two thousand one hun-
dred and sixty-eight dollars and ninety cents,
($43,002,168 90.)
The public debt has been reduced, since the last
annual report from the Treasury Department, four
hundred and ninety-five thousand two hundred
and seventy-six dollars Aid seventy-nine cents,
($495,276 79.)
By the 19th section of the act of 28th January,
1847, the proceeds of the sales of the public lands
were pledged for the interest and principal of the
public debt. The great amount of those lands sub-
sequently granted by Congress for military boun-
ties, will, it is believed, very nearly supply the
public demand for several years to come, and but
little reliance can, therefore, be placed on that hith-
erto fruitful source of revenue.
Aside from the permanent annual expenditures,
which have necessarily largely increased, a por-
tion of the public debt, amounting to eight million
seventy-five thousand nine hundred and eighty-
six dollars and fifty-nine cents ($8,075,986 59)
must be provided for within the next two fiscal
years. It is most desirable that these accruing
demands should be met without resorting to new
I loans.
j All experience has demonstrated die wisdom
, j and policy of raising a large portion of revenue,
J for the support of Government, from duties on
I goods imported. The power to lay these duties
is unquestionable, and its chief object, of course,
is to replenish the Treasury. But if, in doing
>| this, an incidental advantage may be gained by
I encouraging the industry of our own citizens, it is
| our duty to avail ourselves of that advantage.
| A duty laid upon an article whish cannot be
?produoed in this country—such as tea or coffee—
adds to the cost of the article, and is chiefly or
I wholly paid by the consumer. But a duty laid
/upon an article which may be produced here,
I stimulates the skill and industry of our .own coun-
1 try to produce the same article, which is broughti
J into the market in competition with the foreign ar-j
t tide, and the importer is thus compelled to reduce!
| his price to that, at which the domestic article can
j be sold, thereby throwing a part of the duty nnnn
I the producer of the foreigiuuJjcle.Jt The continu-
ance of tkiiTprocess creates the STcill, and invites
the capital, which finally enable us to produce the
article much cheaper than it could have been pro-
cured from abroad, thereby benefiting both the
producer and the consumer at home. The conse-
quence of this is, that the artisan, and the agri-
culturist, are brought together, each affords a
ready market for the produce of the other, the
whole country Ijecomes prosperous; and the
• ability to produce every necessary of life renders
us independent in war as well as in peace.
A high tariff can never be permanent. It will
cause dissatisfaction and will be changed. It ex-
cludes competition, and thereby invites the invest-
ment of capital in manufactures to such excess,
that when changed it brings distress, bankruptcy,
and ruin, upon all who have been misled by its
faithless protection. What the manufacturer wants,
is uniformity and permanency, that he may feel a
confidence that he is not to be ruined by sudden
changes. But to make a tariff uniform and per-
manent, it is not only necessary that the law
should not be altered, but that the duty should not
fluctuate. To effect this, all duties should be spe-
cific, wherever the nature of the article is such as
tcf admit of it. Ad valorem duties fluctuate with
the price, and offer strong temptations to fraud
and perjury. Specific duties, on the contrary, are
equal and uniform in all ports, and at all times,
and offer a strong inducement to the importer to
bring the best article, as he pays no more duty
upon that, than upon one of inferior quality. I
therefore strongly recommend a modification of
the present tariff, which has prostrated some of our
most important and necessary manufactures, and
that specific duties be imposed sufficient to raise
the requisite revenue, making such discrimination
in favor of the industrial pursuits of our own
country as to encourage home production, without
excluding foreign competition. It is also impor-
tant that an unfortunate provision in the present
tariff, which imposes a much higher duty upon
the raw material that enters into our manufactures
than upon the manufactured article, should be
remedied.
The papers accompanying the report of the
Secretary of the Treasury will disclose frauds at-
tempted upon the revenue, in variety and amount
so great, as to justify the conclusion that it is im-
possible, under any system of ad valorem duties
levied upon the foreign cost or value of the article,
to secure an honest observance and an effectual ad-
ministration of the laws. The fraudulent devices
to evade the law, which have been detected by the
vigilance of the appraisers, leave no room to doubt
that similar impositions not discovered, to a large
amount, have been successfully practised since the
enactment of the law now in force. This state of
things has already had a prejudicial influence upon
those engaged in foreign commerce. It has a tend-
ency to drive the honest trader from the business
of importing, and to throw that important branch
of employment into the hands of unscrupulous
and dishonest men, who are alike regardless of
law and the obligations of tin oath. By these
means the plain intentions of Congress, as ex-
pressed in the law, are daily defeated. Every mo-
tive of policy and duty, therefore, impel me to ask
the earnest attention of Congress to this subject.
If Congress should deem it unwise to attempt any
important changes in the system of levying duties
at this session, it will become indispensable to die
protection of the revenue that sucn remedies, as
in the judgment of Congress may mitigate the
evils complained of, should bp at once applied.
As before stated, specific duties would, in my
opinion, afford the mbst perfect remedy for this
evil; but, if you should not concur in this view,
then, as a partial remedy, I beg leave respectfully,
to recommend that, instead of taking the invoice
of the article abroad as a means of determining its
value here, the correctness of which invoice it is
in many cases impossible to verify, the law be so
changed as to require a home valuation or ap-
praisal, to be regulated in such manner as to give,
as far practicable, uniformity in the several p#rts.
There being no mint in California, I am in-
formed that the laborers in the mines are com-
pelled to dispose of their gold dust at a large dis-
count. This appears to me to be a heavy and
unjust tax upon the labor of those employed in
extracting this precious metal; and I doubt not
.you will be disposed, at the earliest period possi-
ble, to relieve them from it by the establishment of
a mint. In the mean time, as an assayer's office
is established there, I would respectfully submit
for your consideration the propriety of author-
izing gold bullion, which has been assayed and
stamped, to be received in payment of Govern-
ment dues. I cannot conceive that the Treasury
would suffer any loss by such a provision, which
will at once raise bullion to its par, value, and
thereby save (if I am rightly informed) many
millions of dollars to the laborers which are now
paid in brokerage to convert this precious metal
into available funds. This discount upon their
hard earnings is a heavy tax, and every effort
should be made by the Government to relieve
them from so great a burden.
More than three fourths of our population are
engaged in the cultivation of the soil. The com-
mercial, manufacturing, and navigating interests
are all, to a great extent, dependent on the agri-
cultural. It is, therefore, the most important in-
terest of the nation, and has a just claim to the
fostering care and protection of the Government,
so far as they can be extended consistently with
the provisions of the Constitution. As this can-
