4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 2,
not be done by the ordinary modes of legislation, 1
I respectfully recommend the establishment of an
Agricultural Bureau, to be charged with the duty
of "ivmsr to this lending branch of American in-
dustry the encouragement which it so well de-
serves. In view of the immense mineral resources
of our countrv. provision should also be made for
the employment of a competent mineralogist and
chemist, who should be required, under the direc-
tion of the head of the bureau, to collect specimens
of the various minerals of our country, and to
ascertain, by careful analysis, their respective
elements and properties, and their adaptation to
useful purposes. Fie should also be required to
examine and report upon the qualities of dilferent
soils, and the majiures best calculated to improve
their productiveness. By publishing the results
of such experiments, with suitable explanations,
and by the collection and distribution of rare
seeds and plants, with instructions as to the best
system of cultivation, much may be done to pro-
mote this great national interest.
In compliance with the act of Congress, passed
•n the 23d of May, 1850, providing, among other
things, for taking the seventh census, a superin-
tendent was appointed, and all other measures
adopted which were deemed necessary to insure
the prompt and faithful performance of that duty.
The appropriation already made will, it is believed,
be sufficient to defray the whole expense of the
work: but further legislation may be necessary in
regard to the compensation of some of the marshals
of the Territories. It will also be proper to make
provision by law, at an early day, for the publica-
tion of such abstracts of the returns as the public
interests may require.
The unprecedented growth of our Territories on
the Pacific in wealth and population, and the con-
sequent increase of their social and commercial re-
lations with the Atlantic States, seem to render
it the duty of the Government to use all its consti-
tutional power to improve the means of intercourse
with them. The importance of opening " a line of
communication, the bast and most expeditious of
which the Bature of the country will admit," be-
tween the valley of the Mississippi and the Pacific,
was brought to your notice by my predecessor, in
his annual message: and as tne reasons which he
presented in favor of the measure still exist in full
force, I beg leave to call your attention to them,
and to repeat the recommendations then made by
him.
The uncertainty which exists in regard to the va-
lidity of land titles in California is a subject which j
demands your early consideration. Large bodies '
of land in that State are claimed under grants said
to have been made by authority of the Spanish and
Mexican Governments. Many of these have not
been perfected, others have been revoked, and some
are believed to be fraudulent. But until they shall
have been judicially investigated, they will continue
to retard the settlement and improvement of the
country. I, therefore, respectfully recommend that
provision be made by law, for the appointment of
commissioners to examine all such claims with a
view to their final adjustment.
I also beg leave to call your attention to the pro-
priety of extending, at an early day, our system
of land laws, with such modifications as may be
necessary, over the State of California and the Ter-
ritories of Utah and New Mexico. The mineral
lands of California will, of course, form an excep-
tion to any general system which may be adopted.
Various methods of disposing of them have been
suggested. I was at first inclined to favor the sys-
tem of leasing, as it seemed to promise the largest
revenue to the Government and to afford the best
security against monopolies; but further reflection,
and our experience in leasing the lead mines and
selling lands upon credit, have brought my mind
to the conclusion that there would be great diffi-
culty in collecting the rents, and that the relation
of debtor and creditor, between the citizens and
the Government, Would be attended with many
mischievous consequences. I therefore recom-
mend that, instead of retaining the mineral lands
under the permanent control of the Government,
they be divided into small parcels and sold, under
such restrictions, as to quantity and time, as will
insure the best price, and guard most effectually
against combinations of capitalist* to obtain mo-
nopolies.
The annexation of Texas and the acquisition of j
California and New Mexico have given increased I
importance to our Indian relations. The various
[ tribes brought under our jurisdiction by these en-
' largements of our boundaries are estimated to em-
brace a population of one hundred and twenty-
four thousand.
Texas and New Mexico are surrounded by
powerful tribes of Indians, who are a source of
constant terror and annoyance to the inhabitants.
Separating into small predatory bands, and always
mounted, they overrun the country, devastating
farms, destroying crops, driving off whole herds
of cattle, and occasionally murdering the inhabit-
ants or carrying them into captivity. The great
roads leading into the country are infested with
them, whereby traveling is rendered extremely
dangerous, and immigration is almost entirely ar-
rested. The Mexican frontier, which, by the
11th article of the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo,
we are bound to protect against the Indians within
our border, is exposed to these incursions equally
with our own. The military force stationed in that
country (although forming a large proportion of
our army) is represented as entirely inadequate to
the own protection and the fulfillment of ourtreaty
stipulations with Mexico. The principal defi-
ciency is in cavalry, and I recommend that Con-
gress should, at as early a period as practicable,
provide for the raising of one or more regiments
of mounted men.
For further suggestfbns on this subject, and
others connected with our domestic interests, and
the defence of our frontier, I refer you to the re-
port of the Secretary of the Interior and of the
Secretary of War.
I commend also to your favorable consideration
the suggestion contained in the last-mentioned re-
port, and in the letter of the General-in-Chief, rela-
tive to the establishment of an asylum for the relief
of disabled and destitute soldiers. This subject
appeals so strongly to your sympathies that it
would be superfluous in me to say anything more,
than barely to express my cordial approbation of
the proposed object.
The navy continues to give protection to our
commerce and other national interests in the dif-
ferent quarters of the globe, and, with the excep-
tion of a single steamer on the northern lakes, the
vessels in commission are distributed in six differ-
ent squadrons.
The report of the head of that Department will
exhibit the services of these squadrons, and of the
several vessels employed in each during the past
year. It is a source of gratification that, while j
they have been constantly prepared for any hos- ]
tile emergency, they have everywhere met with
the respect and courtesy, due as well to the dig-
nity as to the peaceful dispositions and just pur- |
poses of the nation.
The two brigantines accepted by the Govern-
ment from a generous citizen of New York, and
placed under the command of an officer of the
navy, to proceed to the Arctic seas in quest of the
British commander, Sir John Franklin, and his
companions, in compliance with the act of Con-
gress, approved in May last, had, when last heard
from, penetrated into a high northern latitude;
but the success of this noble and humane enter-
prise is yet uncertain.
I invite your attention to the view of our pres-
ent naval establishment and resources presented in ;
the report of the Secretary of the Navy, and the
'suggestions therein made for its improvement,
together with the naval policy recommended for
the security of our Pacific coast, and the protec-
tion and extension of our commerce with Eastern
Asia. Our facilities for a larger participation in
the trade of the East, by means of our recent set-
tlements on the shores of the Pacific, are too obvi-
ous to be overlooked or disregarded.
The questions in relation to rank in the army
and navy, and relative rank between officers of
the two branches of the service, presented to the
Executive by certain resolutions of the House of
Representatives, at the last session of Congress,
have been submitted to a board of officers in each
branch of the serviae, and their report may be ex-
pected at an early day.
I also earnestly recommend the enactment of a
law authorizing officers of the army and navy to
be retired from the service, when incompetent for
its vigorous and active duties, taking care to make
suitable provision for those who have faithfully
served their country, and awarding distinctions, by
retaining in appropriate commands those who
' have been particularly conspicuous for gallantry
and good conduct. While the obligation of the
country to maintain and honor those who, to the
exclusion of other pursuits, have devoted them-
selves to its arduous service, this obligation should
not be permitted to interfere with the efficiency of
the service itself.
I am gratified in being able to state, that the
estimates of expenditure for the navy in the ensu-
ing year are less, by more than one million of dol-
lars, than those of the present, excepting the ap-
propriation which may become necessary for the
construction of a dock on the coast of the Pacific,
propositions for which are now being considered,
and on which a special report may be expected
early in your present session.
There is an evident justness in the suggestion
of the same report, that appropriations for the
naval service proper should be separated from
those for fixed and permanent objects, such as
building docks and navy-yards, and the fixtures
attached; and frOm the extraordinary objects under
the care of the Department which, however im-
portant, are not essentially naval.
A revision of the code for the government of the
navy seems to require the immediate considera-
tion of Congress. Its system of crimes and pun-
ishments had undergone no change for half a cen-
tury, until the last session, though its defects have
been often and ably pointed out, and the abolition
of a particular species of corporal punishment,
which then took place, without providing any sub-
stitute, has left the service in a state of defective-
ness, which calls for prompt correction. I there-
fore recommend that the whole subject be revised
without delay, and such a system established for
the enforcement of discipline, as shall be at once
humane and effectual.
The accompanying report of the Postmaster
General, presents a satisfactory view of the opera-
tions and condition of that Department.
At the close of the last fiscal year, the length of
the inland mail routes in the United States (not
embracing the service in Oregon and California)
was one hundred and seventy-eight thousand six
hundred and seventy-two miles; the annual trans-
portation thereon forty-six million five hundred
and forty-one thousand four hundred and twenty-
three miles; and the annual cost of such transport-
ation two millions seven hundred and twenty-four
thousand four hundred and twenty-six dollars.
The increase of the annual transportation over
that of the preceding year, was three millions nine
hundred and ninety-seven thousand three hundred
and fifty-four miles, and the increase in eost was
three hundred and forty-two thousand four hun-
dred and forty dollars.
The number of post offices in the United States,
on the first day of July last, was eighteen thou-
sand four hundred and seventeen—-being an in-
crease of sixteen hundred an seventy during the
preceding year.
The gross revenues of the Department for the
fiscal year ending June 30th, 1850, amounted to
five millions five hundred and fifty-two thousand
nine hundred and seventy-one dollars and forty-
eight cents, including the annual appropriation of
two hundred thousand dollars for the franked
matter of the Departments, and excluding thft
foreign postages collected for and payable to the
British Government.
The expenditures for the same period were five
millions two hundred and twelve thousand nine
hundred and fifty-three dollars and forty-three
cents—leaving a balance of revenue over expendi-
ture of three hundred and forty thousand and
eighteen dollars and five cents.
I am happy to find that the fiscal condition of
the Department is such as to justify the Postmas-
ter General in recommending the reduction of our
inland letter postage to three cents the single letter
when prepaid, and five cents when not prepaid.
He also recommends that the prepaid rate shall be
reduced to two cents whenever the revenues of the
Department, after the reduction, shall exceed its
expenditures by more than five per cent, for two
consecutive years; that the postage upon Califor-
nia and other letters sent by our ocean steamers
shall be much reduced; and that the rates of post-
age on newspapers, pamphlets, periodicals, and
other printed matter, shall be modified, and some
reduction thereon made.
It cannot be doubted that the proposed reduc-
tions will, for the present, diminish the revenitea
