1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of the Department. It is believed that the defi-
ciency, after the surplus already accumulated shall
be exhausted, may be almost wholly met, either
by abolishing the existing privileges of sending
free matter through the mails, or by paying out of
the Treasury to the Post Office Department a sum
equivalent to the postage of which it is deprived
by such privileges. The last is supposed to be
the preferable mode, and will, if not entirely, so
nearly supply that deficiency as to make any fur-
ther appropriation that may be found necessary so
inconsiderable as to form no obstacle to the pro-
posed reductions.
I entertain no doubt of the authority of Con-
gress to make appropriations for leading objects in
that class of public works comprising what are
usually called works of internal improvement.
This authority I suppose to be derived chiefly
from the power of regulating commerce with for-
eign nations, and among the States, and the power
of laying and collecting imposts. Where com-
merce is to be carried on, and imposts collected,
there must be ports and harbors, as well as
wharves and custom-houses. If ships, laden with
valuable cargoes, approach the shore, or sail along
the coast, light-houses are necessary at suitable
points for the protection of life and property.
Other facilities and securities for commerce and
navigation are hardly less important; and those
clauses of the Constitution, therefore, to which I
have referred, have received from the origin of the
Government a liberal and beneficial construction.
Not only have light-houses, buoys, tad beacons
been established, and gating lights been main-
tained, but harbors have been cleared and im-
proved, piers constructed, and even breakwaters
for the safety of shipping, and sea-walls to protect
harbors from being filled up and rendered useless,
by the action of theocean, have been erected at very
great expense. And this construction of the Consti-
tution appears the more reasonable from the con-
sideration, that if these works, of such evident
importance and utility, are not to be accomplished
by Congress, they cannot be accomplished at all.
By the adoption of the Constitution the several
States voluntarily parted with the power of col-
lecting duties of impost in their own ports; and it
is not to be expected that they should raise money,
by internal taxation, direct or indirect, for the
benefit of that commerce, the revenues derived
from which do not, either in whole or in part, go
into their own treasuries. Nor do I perceive any
difference between the power of Congress to make
appropriations for objects of this kind on the
ocean and the power to make appropriations for
similar objects on lakes and rivers, wherever they
are large enough to bear on their waters an ex-
tensive traffic. The magnificent Mississippi and
its tributaries, and the vast lakes of the north and
the northwest, appear to me to fall within the ex-
ercise of the power, as justly and as clearly as the
Ocean and the Gulf of Mexico. It is a mistake
to regard expenditures judiciously made for these
objects as expenditures for local purposes. The
position, or site of the work, is necessarily local;
but its utility is general. A ship canal around the
falls of St. Mary of less than a mile in length,
though local in its construction, would yet be
national in its purpose ai® its benefits, as it would
remove the only obstruction to a navigation of
more than a thousand miles, affecting several
States, as well as our commercial relations with
Canada. So, too, the breakwater at the mouth of
the Delaware is erected, not for the exclusive
benefit of the States bordering on the bay and
river of that name, but for that of the whole coast-
wise navigation of the United States, andjto a
considerable extent also, of foreign commerce. If
a ship be lost on the bar at the entrance of a south-
ern port for want of sufficient depth of water, it
is very likely to be a northern ship; and if a
steamboat be sunk in any part of the Missis-
sippi, on account of its channel not having been
properly cleared of obstructions, it may be a boat !
belonging to either of eight or ten States. I may
add, as somewhat remarkable, that among all the 1
Uiirty-one States, there is none that is not, to a
greater or less extent, bounded on the ocean, or |
the Gulf of Mexico, or one of the great lakes, or !
some navigable river. i
In fulfilling our constitutional duties, fellow-cit- I
izens, on this subject, as in carrying into effect all !
other powers conferred by the Constitution, we I
should consider ourselves as deliberating and act- |
ing for one and the same country, and bear con-
stantly in mind, that our regard and our duty are
due, not to a particular part only, but to the
whole.
I therefore recommend that appropriations be
made for completing such works as have been al-
ready begun, and for commencing such others as
may seem to the wisdom of Congress to be of
public and general importance.
The difficulties and delays, incident to the set-
tlement of private claims by Congress, amount in
many cases to denial of justice. There is reason
to apprehend that many unfortunate creditors of
the Government have thereby been unavoidably
ruined. Congress has so much business of a
public character, that it is impossible it. should
give much attention to mere private claims, and
their accumulation is now so great that many
claimants must despair of ever being able to ob-
tain a hearing. It may well be doubted whether
Congress, from the nature of its organization, is
properly constituted to decide upon such cases.
It is impossible that each member should examine
the merits of every claim on which he is compelled
to vote; and it is preposterous to ask a judge to de-
cide a case which he has never heard. Such decis-
ions may, and frequently must, do injustice either
to the claimant or the Government, and I perceive
no better remedy for this growing evil than the
establishment or some tribunal to adjudicate upon
such claims. I beg leave, therefore, most respect-
fully, to recommend that provision be made by law
for the appointment of a commission to settle all
private claims against the United States; and, as
an ex parte hearing must in all contested cases be
very unsatisfactory, I also recommend the ap-
pointment of a Solicitor, whose duty it shall be
to represent the Government before such com-
mission, and protect it against all illegal, fraudu-
lent, or unjust claims, which may be presented for
their adjudication.
This "District, which has neither voice nor vote
in your deliberations, looks to you for protection
and aid, and I commend all its wants to your
favorable consideration, with a full confidence that
you will meet them not only with justice, but with
liberality. It should be bome in mind that in this
city, laid out by Washington, and consecrated by
his name, is located the Capitol of our nation, the
emblem of our Union and the symbol of our great-
ness. Here also are situated all the public build-
ings necessary for the use of the Government, and
all these are exempt from taxation. It should be
the pride of Americans to render this place at-
tractive to the people of the whole Republic, and
convenient and safe for the transaction of the pub-
lic business and the preservation of the public
records. The Government should, therefore, bear
a liberal proportion of the burdens of all necessary
and useful improvements. And, as nothing could
contribute more to the health, comfort, and safety
of the city, and the security of the public build-
ings and records, than an abundant supply of
pure water, I respectfully recommend that you
make such provisions for obtaining the same as
in your wisdom you may deem proper.
The act passed at your last session, making
certain propositions to Texas for settling the dis-
puted boundary between that State and the Terri-
tory of New Mexico, was, immediately on its
passage, transmitted by express to the Governor
of Texas, to be laid by him before the General
Assembly for its agreement thereto. Its receipt
was duly acknowledged, but no official informa-
tion has yet been received of the action of the
General Assembly thereon; it may, however, be
very soon expected, as, by the terms of the prop-
ositions submitted, they were to have been acted
upon on or before the 1st day of the present
month.
It was hardly to have been expected that the se-
ries of measures passed at your last session, with
the view of healing the sectional differences which
had sprung from the slavery and territorial ques-
tions, should at once have realized their beneficent"
purpose. All mutual concession in the nature of
a compromise must necessarily be unwelcome to
men of extreme opinions. And though without
such concessions our Constitution could not have
been formed, and cannot be permanently sus-
tained, yet we have seen them made the subject of
bitter controversy in both sections of the Republic.
It required many months of discussion and deliber-
ation to secure the concurrence of a majority of
Congress in their favor. It would be.strange if
they had been received with immediate approba-
tion by people and States, prejudiced and heated by
the exciting controversies of their representatives.
I believe those measures to have been required by
the circumstances and condition of the country. I
believe they were necessary to allay asperities and
animosities that were rapidly alienating one sec-
tion of the country from another, and destroying
those fraternal sentiments which are the strongest
supports of the Constitution. They were adopted
in the spirit of conciliation, and for the pur-
pose of conciliation. I believe that a great
majority of our fellow-citizens sympathize in that
spirit, and that purpose, and in the main approve,
and are prepared, in all respects, to sustain these
enactments. I cannot douut that the American
people, bound together by kindred blood and com-
mon traditions, still cherish a paramount regard
for the Union of their fathers; and that they are
ready to rebuke any attempt to violate its integ-
rity, to disturb the compromises on which it is
based, or to resist the laws which have been en-
acted under its authority.
The series of measures to which I have alluded
are regarded by me as a settlement, in principle
and substance—a final settlement, of the danger-
ous and exciting subjects which they embraced.
Most of these subjects, indeed, are beyond your
reach, as the legislation which disposed of them
was, in its character, final, and irrevocable. It
may be presumed from the opposition which they
all encountered that none of those measures were
free from imperfections, but in their mutual de-
pendence and connection they formed a system of
compromise, the most concilitary, and best for the
entire country, that could be obtained from con-
flicting sectional interests and opinions.
For this reason I recommend your adherence to
the adjustment established by those measures,
until time and experience shall demonstrate the
necessity of further legislation to guard against
evasion or abuse.
By that adjustment we have been rescued from
the wide and boundless agitation that surrounded
us, and have a firm, distinct, and legal ground to
rest upon. And the occasion, I trust, will justify
me in exhorting my countrymen to rally upon and
maintain that ground as the best, if not the only
means of restoring peace and quiet to the country,
and maintaining inviolate the integrity of the
Union.
And now, fellow-citizens, I cannot bring this
communication to a close without invoking you
to join me in humble and devout thanks to the
Great Ruler of nations, for the multiplied bless-
ings which he has graciously bestowed upon us.
His hand, so often visible in our preservation, has
stayed the pestilence, saved us from foreign wars
and domestic disturbances, and scattered plenty
throughout the land.
Our liberties, religious and civil, have been
maintained; the fountains of knowledge have
all been kept open, and means of happiness widely
spread ana generally enjoyed, greater than have
fallen to the lot of any other nation. And, while
deeply penetrated with gratitude for the past, let
| us hope that his all-wise Providence will so guide
| our counsels, as that they shall result in giving
satisfaction to our constituents, securing the peace
of the country, and adding new strength to the
united Government under which we live.
MILLARD FILLMORE.
Washington, December 2, 1850.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the message be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union; and that fifteen thousand copies be
printed for the use of the House.
The SPEAKER inquired whether the gentle-
man from Virginia intended his motion to include
the accompanying documents ?
Mr. BAYLY said he intended the motion to
comprehend the message and accompanying doc-
uments, which he believed was the usual motion.
Mr. EYANS, of Maryland, inquired whether
the number proposed was the usual extra num-
ber?
The CHAIR responded in the affirmative.
HARBORS AND RIVERS.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Before the motion is
put to the House, I wish to say, Ifcat if no one
else makes the motion, I will, at the earliest possi-
ble day, move to go into Committee of the Whole
