6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 3,
on the state of the Union, to take up and pass the
bill for harbor and river improvements.
The question was then put on the motion of
Mr. Batlt, and it was asreed to.
Mr. McCLERNAND moved that the House
adjourn.
Sir. HAMPTON said he wished to inquire of
the Chair, before the question vras put, at what
hour the House would again meet if it now ad-
journed >
The CHAIR said that there was no hour fixed.
Mr. McCLERXAND supposed the adjourn-
ment, if carried, would be till twelve o'clock to-
morrow.
The CHAIR made a suggestion not heard.
Mr. HAMPTON moved that the hour of meet-
ing, until otherwise ordered, be twelve o'clock.
The question was put and carried in the affima-
tive.
The question was then put on the motion of
Mr. MtCiiRNiKB, and agreed to; and
The House adjourned.
NOTICE OF BILLS.
Mr. PEASLEE gave notice that he would ask leave to
introduce a bill to be entitled " Ail act for the settlement
and payment of the claims of the State of New Hampshire
for the services of her militia, and for disbursements for
military purposes during die late war with Great Britain."
Mr. HALL save notice of his intention to introduce a
bill granting to the State of Missouri the right of way and
a portion of the puMic domain to aid in the construction of
a railroad from Hanmhal to St. Joseph in said State.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 2, 1850.
In conformity with the Constitution, the Sec-
ond Session of the Thirty-First Congress com-
menced this day.
The PRESIDENT pro tern, called the Senate to
order at twelve o'clock, m.
Prayer by the Chaplain of the Senate, the Rev.
C. M. Butler.
The following Senators were present:
Maine.—Messrs. Bradbury and Hamlin.
•Yr* Hampshire.—Messrs. IJale and Norris.
Vermont.—Messrs. Phelps and Upham.
Massachusetts.—Messrs. Davis and Winthrop.
ConnectiaU.—Messrs. Baldwin and Smith.
Rhode Island.—Mr. Clarke.
At*! York.—Messrs. Dickinson and Seward.
Pennsylvania.—Messrs. Cooper and Sturgeon.
Delaware.—Messrs. Spruance and Wales.
Maryland.—Messrs. Fearce and Pratt.
Virginia.—Messrs. Hunter and Mason. j
.Vortfc Carolina.—Messrs. Badger and Mangum.
Georgia.—Mr. Berrien.
.Ilabama.—Messrs. Clemens and King, (Presi-
dent.)
Ohio.—Messrs. Chase and Ewing.
Tennessee.—Messrs. Bell and Tumey.
IUinois.—Mr. Shields.
Indiana.—Mr. Whitcomb.
Missottri.—Mr. Benton.
Michigan.—Messrs. Cass and Felch.
Florida.—Mr. Morton.
Imca.—Messrs. Dodge and Jones:
Wisconsin.—Messrs. Dodge and Walker.
On motion by Mr. STURGEON, it was
Ordered, That the Secretary acquaint the House of Rep-
re«entatives that a quorum of the Senate has assembled,
and that the Senate is ready to proceed to business.
On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, it was
Retolved, That each Senator be supplied during the pres-
ent session with newspapers as heretofore, not exceeding
the cost of four daily papers.
On the motion of Mr. FELCH, it was
Ordered, That the daily hour of meeting of the Senate
be twelve o'clock until otherwise ordered.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives by R. M. Young, Esq., its Clerk:
"Mr. President : I am directed to inform the Senate that
a quorum of the House of Representatives is assembled and
is ready to proceed to business.
On the motion of Mr. BERRIEN, it was
Retolved, That a committee of two members be appointed,
jointly with such committee as may be appointed by the
Hou«e of Representatives, to wait upon the President of
the I * luted States to inform him that a quorum of each
House has assembled and Congress is ready to receive any
communication he may be pleased to make.
On motion by Mr. BERRIEN, it was
Ordered, That said committee be appointed by the Chair.
The PRESIDENT appointed Mr. Berrien and
Mr. Dickinson the committee on the part of the
Senate.
] A message was received from the House of Rep-
I resentatives by R. M. Young, Esq., its Clerk:
"Mr. President: lam directed toinform the Semite that
i the House of Representatives has concurred in the resolu-
tion ot' the Senate to appoint a joint committee to wait upon
the President of the united States, and has appointed Mr.
Milliard, of Alabama, Mr. McDowell, of Virginia, and
Mr. Dfisr, of New York* the committee on the part of the
House of Representatives."
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, is the Chair
aware of any reason why a motion to adjourn
would not be proper at this time?
The PRESIDENT. There have been instances
of the immediate adjournment of the Senate after
committees have been appointed to apprise the
President and the House of Representatives that
the Senate was ready to proceed to business; but
the Senate would be placed in an awkward posi-
tion if the President of the United States should
inform our committee that he would send us a com-
munication in the course of half an hour. I think,
therefore, that it would be better that the Senate
should wait until its committee returns.
Mr. BERRIEN, at a subsequent period, from
the committee appointed to wait upon the Presi-
dent of the United States, reported as follows:
" Mr. President: The committee of the Senate, together
with that of the House of Representatives, who were in-
structed by a resolution of the Senate to wait upon the
President of the United States to notify him of the assem-
blage of the two Houses of Congress, and of their readiness
to receive any communication he might be pleased to make,
have perforated that duty, and were informed by the Presi-
dent of the United States that he will communicate to the
two Houses without delay."
A message in writing was then received from
the President of the United States by the hands of
his Private Secretary, Millard P. Fillmore,
Esq.; which was read by the Secretary of the
Senate.
[For Message see House proceedings.]
On motion by Mr. MANGUM, it was
Ordered, That the message of the President and the ac-
companying documents be printed for the use of the Senate.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 3, 1850.
The House met at twelve o'clock. The Journal
of yesterday was read and approved.
CHAPLAINS.
Mr. VAN DYKE submitted the following res-
olution; which was read and agreed to, viz:
Retolved, The Senate concurring, that two Chaplains be
elected, one by the Senate and the other by the House of
Representative*, and that they officiate alternately during
the present session of Congreas.
Mr. VAN DYKE moved that the House do
now proceed to the election of a Chaplain; which
motion was put to the House and carried in the
affirmative.
The SPEAKER stated that nominations were
now in order; when the following nominations
were made, viz:
By Mr. WHITE: Rev. R. R. Gcrlet, Pres-
byterian.
By Mr. DUNHAM: Rev. Wm. M. Daley,
Methodist Episcopal.
By Mr. HUNTER, Rev. L. F. Morgan,
Methodist Episcopal.
By Mr. HAMPTON: Rev. Thomas H. Stock-
ton, Methodist Protestant.
By Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, Rev. Orville
Dewey, Congregational.
By Mr. BOYD: Rev. John D.Matthews, Pres-
byterian.
By M. ROBBINS, Rev. Mr. Porter, Cum-
berland Presbyterian.
The SPEAKER appointed Messrs. Van Dyke,
Olds, Evans of Maryland, and Ewing, to act
as tellers to count the vote. The tellers having
taken their seats at the Clerk's desk,
The House proceeded to vote, viva voce, for
Chaplain.
The roll having been called, the tellers reported
that 174 votes had been cast; necessary to a choice,
88; of which
Rev. Mr. Gurley received 96
Rev. Mr. Morgan 26
Rev. Mr. Daley 14
Rev. Mr. Stockton 14
Rev. Mr. Dewey 10
Rev. Mr. Matthews 9
Rev. Mr. Porter 3
Rev. Mr. Beecher 2
The following is the vote in detail, viz:
For Rev. Mr. Gurley—Messrs. Ashtnun, Bayly, Bing-
ham, Booth, Breck, Brooks, Fuel, Burrows, Butler, E. Car-
rington Cabell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvin, Cartter, Chand-
ler, Cleveland, Clingmmi, ilowell Cobb, Conger, Diuiiier,
Dickey, Dimmiek, Dixon, Duer, Duncan, Edmtindson,
Ewing, Fowler, Freedley, Fuller, Gentry, Gerrv, Gilinore,
Goodenow, Gott, Hammond, Hay, Hnyinonil, Hebard,
Henry, liibbard, Hilliard, Hoagland, Holmes, Houston,
Inge, Joseph \\ . Jackson, James L. Johnson, George G.
King, James G. King, John A. King, Preslon King, Lelfler,
Levin, Littlelield, Job Mann, Marshall, McDowell, Robert
M. McLane, McMullen, Morton, Nelson, Newell, Otis,
Outlaw, Peck, PhiBnix, Pitman, Powell, Putnam, Reed,
Reynolds, Risley, Rockwell, Ross, Rumsey, Sackett,
Sawtelle, Schernierhorn, Schoolcraft, Silvester, Sprajjtie,
Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Alexander H.
Stephens, Taylor, John B. Thompson, Thurmnn, Under-
bill, Van Dvke, Venable, Wentworth, VVhitp, Whittlesey,
Wildnek, Williams, and Wilmot.
For Rev. Mr. Morgan—Messrs. Alexander, Anderson,
Ashe, Bissell, Bokee, Bowlin, Joseph Cable, Corwin,
Crowell, Daniel, Deberry, Green, Haralson, I. G. Harris,
Sampson W. Harris, Hunter, Andrew Johnson, Mason,
Ogle, Savage, Thaddeus Stevens, Strong, Sweetser, Wal-
l den, Watkins, and Young.
! For Rev. Mr. Daley—Messrs. Albertson, Beale, W. J.
Brown, Disney, Dunham, Gorman, Harlan, McClernand,
McDonald, Morris, Morrison, Olds, Phelps, and Robinson.
" For Rev. Mr. Stockton—Messrs. Averett, Brig s, Camp-
bell, Casey, Nathan Evans, Giddings, Gould, Hampton,
Howe, Potter, Root, Schenck, Shepperd, aid Spaulding.
For Jlet>. Mr. Dewey—Messrs. Eliot, Grinnell, Horace
Mann, Matteson, McGaughey, Tuck, Vinton, Waldo,
Wright, and Alexander Evans.
For Rer. Mr. Mi.tthewi—Messrs. Bocock, Boyd, George
A. Caldwell, Hall, Holladay, Meade, Millson, Parker, and
Seddon.
For Rev. Mr. Porter—Messrs. Jones, Moore, and Rob-
bins.
For Rev. Mr. Beecher—Messrs. Allen and Julian.
The Rev. Mr. Gurley having received a ma-
jority of the votes cast, was declared to be duly
elected Chaplain.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, submitted the
following resolution; which was read and adopted:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House furnish the mem-
bers with the usual papers during the present session, not
to exceed three daily papers; and that payment for the
same be made out of the contingent ftind of the House.
On motion, the House adjourned.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. TAYLOR gave notice of his intention to ask leave to
introduce a bill to grant certain public lands in the State of
Ohio, to that State, to aid in the construction of certa.n
railroads therein named.
174
PETITION.
The following petition was presented under the rule, and
referred to the appropriate committee:
By Mr. TAYLOR: The petition of Senaca W. Ely, re-
ceiver of public moneys, and Anthony Walker, register of
the land office at Chulicothe, Ohio, praying compensation
for receiving land warrants in payment for public lands.
SENATE.
Tuesday, December 3, 1850.
Mr. Underwood, of Kentucky, Mr. Dayton,
of New Jersey, and Mr. Greene, of Rhode
Island, appeared in their seats this morning.
NOTICE OF BILLS.
Mr. BENTON gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce bills of the following titles:
A bill to grant to the State of Missouri a cer-
tain quantity of public land for objects of internal
improvement, which, a^ded to the quantity here-
' tofore granted to that State for that purpose, shall
! make it equal to the quantity heretofore granted
| to any State for the same purpose.
i A Dili to pay to the State of Missouri, to be ap-
plied to railroads within the State, the amount of
' the two per centum fund accruing on the sales of
public lands within the State, and reserved to
make a road " to" the State, and not yet applied
to that purpose.
A bill to provide for the location and construc-
tion of a national highway, consisting of a rail-
road and a common road, from the Mississippi
river, at St. Louis, to the Bay of San Francisco
and the Pacific ocean, and to extinguish the In-
dian title to the lands along the said highway,
and to establish military posts and grant lands to
settlers thereon.
A bill to relinquish the collection of tolls on the
United States stock in the Louisville and Portland
Canal, and to remit the same to the boats on
which they accrue, and to provide for the extin-
guishment of private interests in the said stock,
and to make the navigation of said canal free.
A bill to accelerate the sales of the public lands
and pay the public debt, and to extinguish the
Federal title to lands within the new States, and to
