1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
13
should be established during the present session,
and that it should be established with care, and
made as perfect as such a board can be made pre-
vious to experiment. I think that the Committee
on the Judiciary have more leisure; and! think,
also, that it is a question involving rather those
duties which, under our rules, are imposed upon
the Committee on the Judiciary than those which
are imposed upon the Committee of Ways and
Means; and with a view, therefore, of taking the
sense of the House, I move to strike out all that
part of the resolution which refers to this subject,
in order that it may be hereafter referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DUNHAM. At the last session of Con-
gress this subject was referred to the Committee
of Claims, ^he Committee of Claims took some
pains to investigate it; and I think they took
some action in the matter. At all events, I know
that a report was prepared. It seems to me that
the matter appropriately belongs to the Commit-
tee of Claims, and they are certainly better pre-
pared to judge of the necessity of such a board
than any other committee in the House.
Mr. STRONG, (interposing.) If the gentle-
man from Indiana will'allow me, I will state to
him, that I do not now propose to refer the sub-
ject to any committee. I have only moved to
strike it out of this resolution, with a view to its
appropriate reference hereafter.
The CHAIR. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania will suspend his remarks.
The SPEAKER here resumed the chair tem-
porarily ; and
A message was received from the Senate by
Mr. Die kins, their Secretary, informing the House
that that body had adopted the joint resolution
providing for the election of Chaplains for the two
Houses of Congress; and that they had elected
the Rev. Mr. Butler on their part. Also, inform-
ing the House that the Senate had, in pursuance
of the joint rules of the two Houses, appointed
on their part the following joint committees:
On the Library—Messrs. Pearce, Mason, and
Davis of Mississippi.
On Printing—Messrs. Borland, Hamlin, and
Smith.
On Enrolled Silts—Messrs. Badger and Win-
throp.
The Chairman of the committee resumed the
chair.
Mr. VINTON. I do not think, Mr. Chair-
man, that it is a matter of much importance
where this reference goes. There is a bill to estab-
lish a Board of Claims, which passed the Senate
last session, and which now has its place on the
calendar, which the House can take up and act
on at any time; and, if passed, the subject is dis-
posed of. If the Committee of Ways and Means,
• or the Judiciary Committee, or any other, were
to report a new bill, it would take its place at the
foot of the calendar, must necessarily go through <
both Houses of Congress, and there would be 110
probability of disposing of it at the present session.
I think, therefore, without spending more time j
upon the subject, that the better way will be, here-
after, if it should be necessary, to move to dis-
charge the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union from the Senate bill now on the cal-
endar, and refer it to some standing committee, •
and then, if we pass that bill, we shall not have ';
to send it to the Senate. I will merely add, that
for the reasons given by the gentleman from Yir- |
ginia, [Mr. Bayly,] I think the resolution sub- 1
mitted by him had better remain as it is.
Mr. MEADE. It seems to me that that part
of the resolution which refers to a subject so in-
timately connected with the Judiciary Depart-
ment of the Government, should be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, as that would be the
more appropriate direction.
The object is to constitute a tribunal for the pur-
pose of adjudicating the rights of individuals in
relation to the Government; and if a proposition
was made to create a new court or a new tribunal
for the purpose of adjudging claims of that de-
scription, why, it directly relates to the Judiciary
of the country, and the Committee on the Judi-
ciary is the appropriate committee to which that
matter should be referred.
If, because the matter in contemplation involves
the expenditure of money, it should therefore be
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
there would be no necessity for any other commit-
I tee in this House but the Committee of Ways
' and Means, for almost all legislation involves the
expenditure of money. I am in favor, Mr. Chair-
man, as I was at the previous session, of estab-
II lishing some tribunal other than this House, to
, pass on the private claims of individuals. My
short experience in this body has convinced me
that we never yet passed a law, appropriating
money for the satisfaction of private claims, which
was understood by ten men in the House, at the
time of its passage. The little glimmering of light
which is afforded to members of Congress by the
imperfect discussions which have taken place
when such bills are presented, are by no means
sufficient to enable the House to arrive at a full
understanding of the subject, and to vote accord-
ingly. Of all the tribunals in the world, the pres-
ent House of Congress is the very worst to which
such matters could be possibly referred.
I believe, sir, that if the history of this body
was examined, since its establishment, it would
be found that as many improper claims were passed
by this body as proper ones. And if you were
to consult those petitions and memorials, that
have been hanging here for the last thirty years,
you will find that probably a larger proportion of
these ought to have been long since passed by the
Congress of the United States, than those which
have been. The question was before the last
Congress, but it was imperfectly discussed then;
and though the bill which was proposed by the
Committee of Claims was very imperfect, yet it
received considerable support from both sides of
the House; and imperfect as it was, I believe such
a tribunal ought to have been established. I am
not prepared now, to say, whether such a tribu-
nal should consist of a board of commissioners, or
whether the judiciary of the country should be so
reorganized as to be permitted to entertain jurisdic-
tion of private claims against the Government.
It is a question, sir, which deserves serious con-
sideration; and in reference to the Judiciary of the
country, it is my opinion that the Committee on
the Judiciary is the proper committee to institute
a comparison between the one tribunal and the
other. I shall, therefore, vote for the amendment
, offered by the gentlerfian from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Strong;] and when the question comes up, to
which the motion will be applicable, I shall ask
that this portion of the President's message shall
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BOKEE. I would call the attention of the
House to the fact, that this is not a new question.
It is one that was very fully considered by the
j last Congress. A very elaborate report on th e sub-
j ject was made to this House by a committee of
I the House, and a bill was presented, the details of
which had been fully matured, but for want of
j time it was not passed. But, sir, at a very early
stage of this Congress, the subject was brought
before the Senate, and duly considered there; a
bill was passed which came to this House and was
referred to a standing committee of the House,
who reported it back with some very Immaterial
amendments and recommended its passage; but it
is well known that time was not afforded here to
put it on its passage, and it now remains upon the
calendar.
Sir, the entire details of that bill have been
: matured, and there is haVdly a member on this
| floor who is not fully acquainted with those details.
1 All that is to be considered now, it strikes me, is,
j what effect the passage of this bill will have upon
! the finances of the country. Now I understand
that the Committee of Ways and Means have paid
some attention to that question, and are prepared
to act upon it and to report to this House; and in
order that we may have speedy action on the bill,
I the reference, in my judgment, should be to the
Committee of Ways and Means. It strikes me
that in pursuing that course we shall expedite and
' insure the passage of the bill. I hope, therefore,
; that the motion made by the chairman of the Com-
j mittee of Ways and Means will be adopted by
: the House.
I The question was then taken on Mr. Strong's
! amendment, and it was adopted—ayes 105, noes
, not counted.
] Hfee fourth resolution having been read—
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, offered the fol-
lowing amendment, to be inserted after the word
" Navy," where it last occurs:
"And «o much of the report of the Secretary of the Navy
as refers to the establishment of a line of steamers from the
western coast of the United States to China."
Mr. BAYLY. The object of these resolutions
is to refer the various portions of the President's
message; but there is not a word in the Presi-
dent's message about this line of steamers to China,
and that is the reason why it is not embraced in
the resolution.
Mr. STANTON. It is true, Mr. Chairman,
that it is not referred to in the President's mes-
sage, but it is referred to in the accompanying
documents; and as the gentleman from Virginia,
in his resolutions, has not been satisfied with a
general reference of matters connected with the
navy, but has specified particular subjects, it is
proper to specify this particular subject also; and
though not referred to m the President's message,
it is referred to in the report of the Secretary of
the Navy.
The CHAIRMAN decided that the amendment
was in order.
Mr. GREEN. I will simply remark, that I do '
, not think the amendment ought to be agreed to,
for this reason: The proposed line of steamers to
China are, I suppose, of the same character as the
! lines heretofore established; and it is well known
! to this House that they were established prima-
i rily on the ground of the advantage to the mail
j service, and the matter ought, therefore, to be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
j Post Roads. It is true that they have been some-
| times referred to incidentally as connecting them-
j selves with the Navy, and providing a means for
strengthening that branch of the public service,
but the primary ground on which they have been
established has been for the purpose of affording
mail facilities. So far was this principle carried
> during the last session of Congress, that, if I mis-
take not, the line from New York to Chagres was
provided for in the appropriation bill, for mail
services performed, without any reference what-
' ever to their adaptation to the naval service or to
naval purposes.
I throw out this suggestion for the purpose of
reminding the House mat the primary ground of
the establishment of this system was for mail
facilities, and the Post Office Committee is there-
fore the appropriate committee to which the sub-
ject should be referred. I shall, therefore, vote
against this amendment; but if, hereafter, it shall
be proposed to refer this subject, together with
the other portions of the President's message re-
lating to the postal facilities of the country, to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, I
may vote for it.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. 1 would dim-
ply remark, in reply to what the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Green] has said, that the sub-
ject has been recommended to the attention of
Congress by the Secretary of the Navy in his
report. Coming, therefore, from the Navy De-
partment, and having direct reference to the Navy
of the United States, it goes appropriately to the
Naval Committee. I presume, as I said before,
that inasmuch as the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Bayly] has specified particular subjects for
reference, and has not been satisfied with a gen-
eral reference of all the subjects connected with
the Navy, this being a matter of some consequence
and recommended by the Secretary of the Navy
as appropriate to the Naval Department, the mat-
ter ought properly to go to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. VINTON, (interposing.) I would mere-
ly suggest to the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Stanton,] that inasmuch as this subject is
not mentioned in the President's message, in
order to put his amendment in a proper form he
should alter it so as to read, " so much of the ac-
companying report of the Secretary of the Navy
as relates to the subject," &c.
Mr. STANTON. I accept that amendment, but
dissent from thtasuggestion of the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Green.] It will be a very singu-
lar reference, it seems to me, Mr. Chairman, and
a singular proposition to ask this body to pass—
that so much of the report of the Secretary of the
Navy as refers to such and such a matter be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads. If this had been contained in the report
of the Postmaster General, such a reference would
have been very appropriate; but coming from the
Navy Department, it seems to be very inappro-
priate to refer the recommendations of the Secre-
