14
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 10,
tary of the Navy to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
The Clerk then read Mr. Stanton's amend-
ment as modified.
Mr. BAYLY. I would suggest to the chair-
man of the Committee on Naval Affairs that that
specification, in the form in which he now has it,
would exclude the reference of any other part of
the Report of the Secretary of the Navy, than
that to which he refers. The reference of a spe-
cified part of the report of the Secretary of the
Navy to that committee would leave the rest of it
un referred.
In drawing up these resolutions, I preferred to
deal in generalities, and I only departed from that
in the case where the President of the United
States himself gave particular prominence to par-
ticular subjects, and where these subjects were
most particularly prominent in the President's
message. I employed general terms, because I
* thought they would carry a larger jurisdiction to
different committees than minute specifications.
Mr. VINTON. Is the whole report of the
Secretary of the Navy referred to the Naval Com-
mittee?
Air. BAYLY. Unquestionably.
Mr. VINTON. Does the resolution state that
the report of the Secretary of the Navy is referred
to the Naval Committee?
Mr. BAYLY. It refers so much of the Presi-
dent's message and accompanying documents as
relates to the Navy, which is the most compre-
hensive term I could employ.
Mr. STANTON, of 1 ennessee. If it is under-
stood that that will be the effect of the gentleman's
resolution, I will withdraw the amendment I have
offered.
The amendment was accordingly withdrawn.
Mr. GIDDINGrS rose and said: I move, sir, to
insert between the resolution last read and the one
succeeding, the following, as a distinct resolution:
Resolved, That so much of said message and accompa-
nying document* as relates to our domestic policy, be re-
ferred to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. 6. continued as follows: It has been usual,
sir, for this body, while considering the Presi-
dent's message in Committee of the Whole, to in-
vestigate and examine its political character. In
accordance with that freedom of discussion which
has usually characterized our consideration of this
document, I will avail myself of the present mo-
ment to examine that portion which relates to our
domestic affairs. I did not anticipate, sir, that
the message would be under consideration to-day,
and I am not, therefore, prepared at present to
give, it that examination which I should have be-
stowed upon it, had I more time for preparation,
for examining its details. There are some por-
tions of the message which I heartily approve,
which I desire to commend, and in which I most
heartily coincide. In its general features and
character, its boldness, its candor, its perfect
frankness, it is highly to be approved. It is
what was due from that high functionary. In all
his positions, so far as he has laid them down,
•'whoso readeth can understand." There is no
deception, nor any uncertainty in the President's
position. Thus far I most cheerfully commend it.
But, sir, I will call your attention to that portion
of it which refers to our domestic policy, as being
the most interesting to the House and the country.
But before I proceed to the examination of that
portion which relates to the fugitive bill, I will call
the attention of this House to the President's views
of the veto power. On this point he has not hesi-
tated to speak his own views, and to cast aside
and discard the doctrines on which he was elected.
It is well known that in the canvass of 1848 the
Whig party avowed it as one of their cardinal
principles,' that the President should never exercise
the prerogative of vetoing a bill unless it was
clearly unconstitutional. The President now goes
as far in support of the unlimitedguse of the veto
as ever Jackson or Polk or Tyler professed to go.
For his boldness and frankness on this point he
is entitled to our commendation. But I have a
curiosity to see how many of his political friends
will face about at this bidding of the Executive
and discard their former doctrines.
But it is very evident that the President has an
object in this change of views on the subject of
the veto. By looking at the latter portion of the
message, it is evident that he intends we shall un-
derstand that he will veto any law for the repeal
of this fugitive bill; and in order to open the way
I to that result with some show of consistency, it
J was necessary for him to discard the doctrines on
which he was elected. For his candor and bold-
ness in thus casting aside the errors of his party,
I think him entitled to our approbation.
The President next quotes that portion of the
Constitution in which he says "the Constitution
has made it the duty of the President to see that
the laws be faithfully executed."
The necessity or propriety of this quotation is
not so very obvious. I do not think it has been
quoted for the last twenty-five years by any Pres-
ident; but it is now evidently quoted in conse-
quence of the difficulties which have attended the
arrest of fugitive slaves under this law. It is an
intimation that he will use the army and navy to
execute this odious enactment.
One prominent feature of the whole message is,
however, perfectly obvious. The President in-
tends that the South shall understand that he in-
tends to sustain their institutions.
The Constitution provides that the " citizens
of each State shall be entitled to all the privileges
and immunities of the citizens of the several
States." He knows that our free colored citizens
of the North have been seized in southern States
and sold into bondage—held in degrading servi-
tude; that hundreds, and perhaps thousands, are
now bowing beneath the lash in southern chains.
Sir, does he allude to the return of these free-
men ? Does he tell us that this paramount law of
the land shall be sustained—that he will see it be
duly executed? No, sir! he has not a word nor
an allusion to this transcendent outrage upon the
Constitution, while he is particular upon those laws
which relate to the return of fugitive slaves.
Again: he has seen the agents of Massachusetts
driven by mob violence from South Carolina and
Louisiana, when sent there to see the laws exe-
cuted by their courts for the relief of our freemen
who are there held in degrading servitude; but he
makes no allusion to these outrages.
I will now quote, with pleasure, a senti-
ment in which I fully concur. The President
says,' that " every citizen who truly loves the
' Constitution, and desires the continuance of its
' existence and its blessings, will resolutely and
' firmly resist any interference in those domestic
' affairs which the Constitution has clearly and
' unequivocally left to the exclusive authority of
4 the States."
This, Mr. Chairman, is the doctrine of the Con-
stitution, the doctrine of its framers. It is the
doctrine of the Free-Soilers. If there be any one
feature in the Constitution, which the whole his-
tory of its adoption has made plain, it is that sla-
very is a State institution over which Congress
has no control—with which this Federal Govern-
ment has no legitimate powers to interfere. We,
sir, of the North, will not be constrained, even by
your fugitive laws, to interfere with it. The sla-
very of Virginia belongs to her. If she possess
the power and the disposition to uphold it, we
cannot put it down or abolish it. If she sees fit to
abolish it, we have no power to interfere to sus-
tain it.
I have often defined the views of anti-slavery
men, and of the Free-Soilers on this subject.
Others have done it; yet we are misapprehended
and misrepresented. The very clause of the mes-
sage now under consideration, shows that the
President intended to impute to some portion of
our people an intention to interfere with slavery.
He should have known that no respectable num-
ber of our northern people have expressed any
such wish or intention. But for the hundredth
time I will say that, under the Confederation,
each State held as supreme and unlimited powers
over the institution of slavery within its own
borders, as the Government of Russia holds over
its serfs; that no other power upon earth pos-
sessed the right to interfere in any manner; that
at the adoption of the Constitution these pow-
ers were' retained, and now remain with each
State; that no portion of them was delegated to
this Government; that we have as much power ,
to-day to interfere with Russian serfdom as with ]
Virginia slavery;—yet this fugitive law was a
direct and positive attempt to interfere to involve
this Government and the people of the free States
in supporting slavery.
Nothing could have been further from the I
thoughts of those who framed the Constitution, i
I In that Convention, Mr. Gouverneur Morris said
I that " he never would concur in upholding domestic
| slavery." So say I, and so say our people of the
i North. We never will concur in upholding that
institution. Mr. Morris added: " It is a nefarious
I institution. It was the curse of Heaven upon the
States in which it existed."
I So we say. It is a curse upon those States,
but the curse is theirs, not ours, and we will not
share in it. Your fugitive law shall not compel
us to share in it. Our fathers would not consent
to be involved in its crimes—we will not.
Mr. Gerry, of Massachusetts, said: "While we
had nothing to do with slavery in the States, we
I should be careful to lend no sanction to it." Sir,
we will lend no sanction to it, nor shall your fugi-
tive law compel us to sanction it. Mr. Dickinson
" thought it a proper subject for the General Gov-
ernment to interfere with, as it effected our national
happiness." But southern members resisted this
proposition, and would not consent to any interfer-
ence.
But, sir, to come more directly to this question
of fugitive slaves. The report of the committee
giving the form of the Constitution contained a
clause for the return of fugitives from justice.
They were to be delivered up by the Executive
of the State to which they fled. It is done at the
expense of such State.
On considering this report, Messrs. Butler and
Pinckney, of South Carolina, proposed to amend
the report, so as to make it the duty to surrender
up fugitives from labor in the same manner. But
Mr. Wilson of Pennsylvania, objected that such
an amendment would " compel the free States to
do it at the public expense."
Mr. Sherman, of Connecticut, said: " He could
see no more propriety in arresting a fugitive ser-
vant or slave at the public expense than there
would be in arresting a horse." And Mr. Butler,
on these suggestions being made, withdrew his
proposition. Sir, not a member of that body
dared stand up then and advocate an amendment
which should involve us in the expense or dis-
grace of arresting fugitive slaves. Sir, no stronger
evidence of the accuracy of the views which I
have expressed could possibly have been left on
record.
It was the intention of those framers of the
Constitution to secure to the master the right to pur-
sue and arrest his slave without molestation or
hindrance. They then declared that no law or
regulation should be passed by any State, by
which the fugitive should be released from service
or labor: " non-intervention" was their doctrine.
By the Constitution we tire bound to deliver up
the fugitive slave to his master, in the same man-
ner that we deliver up our friends to the civil officer.
We were not permitted to interfere. We are to
stand neutral, and permit the master to take his
slave if he can.
Sir, did those framers of the Constitution intend
that northern freemen should leave their shops,
their ploughs, their merchandise, to give chase to
fugitive slaves? Why, such an assertion would
be a slander, a libel upon those patriots. The law
of 1793 was framed in accordance with the Con-
stitution. That gives to the master no process
for the arrest of his slave. It lends no aid of
this Government, or of any of its officers, nor of
any citizen of any State to aid or assist the master
in arresting or carrying back his slave. That law
secures him against interference on the part of
any person to prevent him from arresting and re-
turning his slave. Those who had assisted in
framing the Constitution, assisted in framing this
law. They knew the intention of those who
framed the Constitution, and I have no doubt
carried that intention into the law of '93.
From that day until the agitation of theannexa-
tion of Texas, this doctrine of non-interference was
held by southern and by northern men. In 1843,
this new theory of prostituting the power of this
Government in favor of slavery was put forth by
the then Secretary of State; but no man in this
House ever came forward with an argument in
: favor of that doctrine until the last session of
Congress. The gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Toombs,] not now in his seat, was the first to
come forward in this Hall with an argument in
favor of this new theory of subsidizing the peo-
ple of the free States to the support of slavery.
Now, sir, with the President,. I repeat, that no
lover of the Constitution will seek to interfere in
