16
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 9.
• violation of our national compact, its objects and |
• designs, and the great elementary principles '
' which entered into its formation, of a character 1
« so deep and fundamental, and would be an at-
• tempt to eternize an institution and a power so
•unjust in themselves, so injurious to the interests
• and abhorrent to the feelings of the people of the
•free States as, in our opinion, not only inevitably
'to rtruii in a dissolution of the Union, but
'fuilij to justify it. And we not only assert that
' the people of the free States ought not to submit
• to it, but we say with confidence, tret will
• not scbmit to it."
These were the sentiments of one of the ablest
statesmen of this nation. They are the senti-
ments of the "old man eloquent," and of many
distinguished Whigs of that day. And, sir, we
know that the prediction has been in part fulfilled.
Sir, the spirit of the Pilgrim Fathers, that was
manifested at Bunker's Hill, at Saratoga, and at
Yorktown, still exists in the North. This same
spirit that resisted the stamp act will resist your fugi-
tive slave bill. The spirit which threw the tea
into Boston harbor will set your infamous law at
defiance. The spirit which overthrew the power
of the British Crown will submit to no force that
shall attempt to constrain them to comply with
the odious provisions of this enactment.
[Here the hour expired.]
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana. We have before
us a short session and a great deal of business to
transact, and if at this time, without anything be-
fore us for definite action, we go into a long ram-
bling debate, there is no knowing when and where
this matter may end. I therefore move that the
committee rise, for the purpose of offering a reso-
lution to terminate this debate in ten minutes after
we get back into committee. [Cries of "five
.minutes" and " one minute."]
The question was then put on the motion of
Mr. Brown, and it was agreed to.
The committee then rose, and its chairman re-
ported progress.
Mr. BROWN moved the usual resolution, to
terminate the debate in five minutes after getting
back into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. HIBBARD moved to substitute " one" for
" five," and called for the previous question.
The demand for the previous question was
seconded, and the main question ordered.
The question being first on the amendment, it
was put and carried in the affirmative; and [
The question recurring on the resolution as 1
•mended, it was put, and the resolution was |
adopted. :
Mr. MEADE remarked, that before going again !
into committee, he desired to offer a resolution re-
lating to the business of the House. The resolu-
tion was read, as follows:
Resolved, That (he several memorials and petitions re-
ferred to the standing committees of the House last session,
and which were not acted upon, be again referred to the
same committees respectively.
The CHAIR said that the resolution which
passed at the close of the last session, referred to
the committees of the present all matters unacted
upon by them. The resolution of the gentleman
from Virginia was, therefore, unnecessary. If
there was no objection, however, he would put
the question upon the resolution.
There being no objection, the question was pui,
and the resolution was adopted.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved that the rules be
suspended, and that the House go back into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
. Mr. RICHARDSON moved that the House
adjourn; and the question being put, the motion
was disagreed to.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Wentwoktb, and agreed to; and
The House again resolved itself into Commit- '
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr,
Boyd in the chair,) and resumed the considera- 1
tion of the resolutions.
Mr. WENTWORTH asked the Chairman 1
how many minutes there were left for debate? j
The CHAIRMAN said, one minute. j<
Mr. WENTWORTH observed that this time ii
was long enough for him at this time, and long
enough, in his opinion, for any speech that ought 1
to be made at this session. There were a large
number of bills before the House, the merits of
which were well understood and needed no de-
bate. One of those bills was the river and harbor
bill. Another was the cheap postage bill.
He should endeavor to take up the harbor and
river bill first, after the message was disposed of;
and then he should propose to take up the cheap
postage bill.
He thought we could and should pass both
these bills this week; and he gave notice that he
should oppose all debate upon any question until
these two important bills were disposed of.
The time for debate here expired, and Mr. W.
closed.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Mr. Chairman, I had
intended to have taken the floor 
The CHAIRMAN, (Mr. Boyd.) The Chair
would remark, that according to the order of the
House, debate upon the resolution is not in order
Mr. McCLERNAND. I believe I am entitled
to five minutes.
The CHAIRMAN had misunderstood the or-
der of the House.
Mr. McCLERNAND did not rise to follow the
gentleman from Ohio in his wanderings upon the
subject of slavery; his only object was to re-
pudiate, for himself, his district, and for Illinois
at large, the disloyal sentiments which had been
avowed and ascribed to the people of the North
generally. Mr. McC. believed that the great mass
of the people of the North were free from the con-
tagion of the revolutionary sentiments which had
been avowed. The people of the non-slavehold-
ing as well as the people of the slaveholding
States, were a law-abiding and a patriotic people;
they revered the Constitution, were attached to
the Union, and were willing to fulfill their public
duties.
The gentleman from Ohio objected to the fugi-
tive slave acf—the act lately passed by Congress;
he was opposed to it, because, as he alleged, it
was an outrage upon human rights, and a re-
proach to a civilized and christian community.
The gentleman should not deceive himself, nor the
public. The question here was not whether sla-
very was right or wrong; but what is our duty as
law-givers? This was the question. The Con-
stitution provided that fugitives from service
should " be delivered up on claim of the party to
whom such service or labor may be due. With-
out this provision, the Constitution would not
have been adopted; at least so we were informed.
The faith of the States became pledged to carry
into effect this provision. The faith of the Gov-
ernment became so pledged; and in pursuance of
this solemn obligation, Congress passed a law in
1793, early after the organization of the Govern-
ment, to carry it into practical effect. This law
was passed by a Congress composed in many in-
stances of revolutionary patriots, who voted for
the law; and it was signed and approved by
Washington, under the sanctions of his oath of
office. This was the example of the Father of his
Country and his compatriots in the struggle for
personal liberty and national independence. Is
the gentleman from Ohio—are his adherents more
pure, more patriotic, more philanthropic than
those illustrious men? Have they done more
for the good of mankind than their ancestors?
Scarcely.
The law of 1793 fulfilled its purpose for a num-
ber of years. It was fairly and in good faith ex-
ecuted; and fugitives from service were delivered
up in all the non-slaveholding States; but, in the
course of years, voluntary combinations were or- |
ganized, who, by various arts, seduced slaves i
from their homes, and by secret means conveyed !
them to a distance from the jurisdiction of the I
slaveholding States. Not only was this business
carried on secretly, and by stratagem, but not j
unfrequently the party claiming the restitution of
the fugitive was insulted and violently mal-treated. !
This practice became a crying grievance. The
great mass of the just-minded men of the country
admitted it to be so, and deprecated its existence.
Not only were individuals thus wronged, but
sectional asperities were called into existence—
the South became distrustful of the North, and
the North began to become alienated from the
South; and thus things were growing worse
every day. Out of these causes sprung the
amendatory fugitive slave act. It was designed to
remedy an acknowledged grievance, and to arrest
a fatal tendency to sectional distrust and ill-will,
and finally to disunion.
Now, if the act is wicked, who are responsible ,
for it? Not those who bow to the supremacy of
the Constitution and the laws—not those who
yielded obedience to the law of '93, passed by
revolutionary patriots and sages, and which was
approved by Washington. None of these; but
those, on the contrary, who have counselled the
disregard and violation of that law—who have re-
sisted its execution and rendered it a nullity upon
the statute book. Those are they who are re-
sponsible in truth and morality for the amendatory
fugitive slave act; and upon them rests, and should
rest, the responsibility. Yes! out of their lawless
and rebellious doings sprang the amendatory act.
The gentleman from Ohio makes his objection
too late. The law which he denounces is but
the fulfillment of a constitutional injunction; and
his objection should be made to the Constitution
rather than to the law. Is he opposed to the
Constitution? Would he tear that sacred in-
strument into fragments to gratify his wild
dreams of instant and universal emancipation?
Would he do this? If so, let him make a clear
breast—let him confess the fact. Is it either
candid or honest to profess loyalty to the Con-
stitution, and at the same time to contemn and
spurn its injunctions ? Let the Abolitionists, if
they will, strike at the Constitution itself: that is
the root of what is complained of as an evil—a
crime. Let them move for a convention for a
formal and peaceable alteration of the Constitu-
tion; or if they are too eager and rampant for that,
let them appeal to arms, and reach their end by
forcible revolution. This course would be more
manly and open than the tortuous and under-
handed artifices resorted to by some of them. But
they will not yet venture upon this alternative—it
is too glaring, and involves too much responsibil-
ity. The very excess and madness of such an
attempt would react, and drive from them thou-
sands of honest-and patriotic men, who are de-
ceived and deluded—it would precipitate a hideous
i catastrophe, now only contemplated by a few des-
perate leaders.
The amendatory act is identical in its main fea-
tures with the act of "93—its provisions are only
more stringent and efficacious, and this is the dif-
ference between them. Under the old act by-
standers in the free States were liable to be required
to assist the ministerial officer in the execution of
the law—they were so liable upon an ancient and
acknowledged principle of law; under the new law
they are required to do no more, except that the
duty of compliance is enacted in the la vf itself.
If the President had said leas in his message
upon this subject he would have been wanting in
public duty. The Constitution authorizes and re-
quires him to execute the laws; and he is sworn
. to do so. I hope he will do so. For one, I will as-
sist him in doing so, so far as my voice and strength
will go; and should he omit to do so, I will be
equally prompt to denounce the delinquency. The
question which now divides the friends of the
Union from its enemies is not an abstraction—it
is not a mere speculative question of philanthropy;
but it is whether law or violence shall predomi-
nate. The event will test the stability and value
of our boasted institutions. For one, I would
maintain the supremacy of the Constitution and
laws peaceably if I could; if not peaceably, forci-
bly, by the army and navy of the United States,
and by the whole power of the militia of the coun-
try; and the same, I think, is the sentiment of the
great mass of the people, North and South.
The question was then taken on the resolution
of Mr. Giddings, and it was rejected.
Mr. STRONG offered the following resolution,
to come in between the fourth and fifth resolu-
tions:
That so much of the said message and accompanying
documents as relates to the appointment of a commission
to settle all private claims upon the United States, and the
appointment of a solicitor to represent the Government be-
fore such commission, be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The question was taken on the resolution, and
it was adopted.
The fifth, sixth, and seventh resolutions having
been read—
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland. I desire to move
an amendment to the seventh resolution, by in-
serting before the word "harbors," the words
" rivers and." The subject of rivers and harbors
has within the last few years been embraced in a
single reference to the Committee on Commerce,
without entering into the general question of the
