THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $ 1 50 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1850.
New Series.... No. 2.
power of this Government to entertain the system
of internal improvements. It has been the prac-
tice to acquiesce in the more limited view of the
policy sanctioned by Congress, to such harbors
and rivers, the improvement of which may be
properly embraced Dy the commercial power of
the country.
The honorable chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, not entertaining the opinion, I
suppose, that any of these rivers could be embraced
under the commercial power, and finding that the
President of the United States, in his annual mes-
sage, has made some distinction between the gen-
eral system and a more particular application of
it to " this commercial power, proposes now to
divide the subject, and make reference to separate
committees.
1 have two suggestions to make to the com-
mittee: First, that such reference as is designed
by the honorable chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, must necessarily enlarge the
action of this committee and this House; for if
ure have the reference of "rivers" to a Committee
upon Roads and Canals, together with general
subjects of internal improvement, it is a permission
at least, if it is not an invitation, for this committee,
charged with the general system of internal im-
provements, to give greater latitude to the improve-
ments of the rivers of the country. However de-
signed by the honorable chairman of the Commit-
tee of \VVays and Means, it necessarily gives oc-
casion for a greater development of the system,
under the direction of the Committee on Roads
and Canals, which is an internal improvement
committee; it is a committee formed with a view to
carry out the general system—applicable to roads
and canals, as well as to rivers generally.
The Committee on Commerce, on the other hand,
cannot entertain with propriety any reference to
rivers, not immediately ^necessary to the existing
commerce of the country, and to the safety of that
commerce as it is now existing and regulated by
the laws of the United States.
So far as I have any opinion to express upon
that subject, I think that the subject of harbors
and rivers should be embraced in the action of that
committee, which should have jurisdiction over
those harbors and rivers which are intimately con-
nected with the existing commerce of the country.
The Mississippi, theOhio, and the other great prin-
cipal streams, leading through the Western States
to the Mississippi and the Ohio, are, in themselves,
if not inland seas, like the lakes, large and prin-
cipal ways of communication immediately con-
nected with the commerce of the country, upon
which there must be erected light-houses, buoys,
beacons, and, if need be, piers, to protect the com-
merce of the country, floating upon these rivers
and lying upon their shores. There must be fur-
ther obstructions removed if they exist in those
rivers, exposing the lives and property of those
navigating them to danger. I hold that such
an application of the power is not necessarily
embraced in that system and in that idea which
fave rise to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
t has been the practice heretofore not to insist
upon a reference to the Committee on Roads and
Canals, and not to invite the Committee on Roads
to take up the more enlarged system of inter-
nal improvement, once so fruitful of controversy
in the country. I am therefore opposed to this
reference of this subject, for the general reason
that it takes immediately from the Committee on
Commerce a class of rivers intimately connected
with the commerce of the country. And I have
the further objection, that it takes away power
from that committee, and gives it to one of greater
and more general jurisdiction.
I should most cheerfully defer to the patriotism
and intelligence of the Committee on Roads and
Canals, instituted as it is under the rules of the
House, and having a wider and more expansive
range than the Committee on Commerce, did I
not consider the limitations vhich control the ac-
tion of the Committee on Commerce indispensa-
ble to a wise and judicious application of the
power of Congress to improve rivers and harbors.
Mr. BAYLY. I do not wish, in this incidental
debate, to enter into a discussion of the general
system of river and harbor improvements; but I
desire to state to the committee the reasons which
influenced me in proposing to send the subject of
internal improvements to the Committee on Roads
and Canals. The first and most prominent of
those reasons was, that the rules of the House
upon this subject are imperative.
The 98th rule declares, that " it shall be the duty
' of the Committee on Roads and Canals to take
' into consideration all such petitions and matters
' or things relative to roads and canals, and to
' the improvement of the navigation of rivers, as
' shall be presented or may come in question and
• be referred to them by the House," and so forth.
Now, sir, in drawing up these resolutions I
have copied the words of that rule, and have re-
ferred so much of the message as relates to the
improvement of rivers to the Committee on Roads
and Canals. It strikes me very forcibly that that
is the proper reference. If the Committee on
Roads and Canals are not to take into considera-
tion such subjects as these, there is nothing at all,
as it seems to me, over which they can take juris-
diction.
Mr. HOUSTON", (interposing.) Will the gen-
tleman allow me to ask him one question, and that
is, whether the reference which he proposes to the
Committee on Commerce does not embrace all the
harbors of the country, whether they be on rivers,
lakes, or on the sea ?
Mr. BAYLY. The resolution declares that so
much of the message as refers to the improvement
of harbors shall go to the Committee on Com-
merce. My own opinion was, that it ought to
have gone to the Committee on Roads and Canals,
because I do not think that the improvement of
harbors, if there be any authority for it at all,
comes under the commercial power. I shall not,
however, go into that subject; I have done it here-
tofore.
But I deferred to the former practice of the
House on the subject, and in a great measure to
what I supposed was the wish of my friend from
Maryland, [Mr. McLane,] and proposed to refer
so much of the message as related to harbors to
the Committee on Commerce; but in the language
of the rule, so much as relates to the improvement
of the navigation of rivers, I proposed to refer to
the Committee on Roads and Canals. If the
amendment of my friend from Maryland [Mr.
McLane] prevail, why the Committee on Roads
and Canals will have been virtually deprived of
any subject for its action, as there is no other
part of the message that can be appropriately re-
ferred to it.
Mr. ROBINSON. I move to strike out the
word "harbors." My object in rising is merely
for the purpose of saying a few words in refer-
ence to this matter, inasmuch as I have the honor
to be the chairman of the Committee on Roads
and Canals. I am not at all ambitious, so far as
I am concerned, of extending the jurisdiction of
the committee upon this subject; still it must be
apparent to the House and the country, that if
such a committee is necessary at all under the
rule, that the House has no discretion whatever,
and that the subject of navigation of rivers must
be sent to that committee—for, as the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means has read
the rule, it is express and unequivocal, and the
rule in reference to the Committee on Commerce
does not mention anything in reference to the
navigation of rivers at all. There is another rea-
son why, I think, there is an obvious propriety in
dividing these subjects, and in sending those mat-
ters, relating to the navigation of rivers, to the
Committee on Roads and Canals, in pursuance of
the rules, and it is this: it will have some tendency
to break down this system of log-rolling that ex-
ists in Congress, and in all legislative bodies more
or less, in reference to internal improvements.
If you make the Committee on Commerce the
general vortex into which everything relating to
these matters, must go, they will bring in a bill
embracing a general system of measures, and they
will make that bill sufficiently large, to interest a
majority of the Representatives upon this floor,
in order to get votes enough to pass it. The con-
sequence is, that it encourages corrupt legislation.
In matters of this kind, I am in favor of every
internal improvement standing upon its own mer-
its, for if you divide these subjects, you in some
degree put an end to corrupt legislation; but if you
keep them together, you foster a system of cor-
ruption that'brings everything into a general bill,
and gets up a general scramble from every point
of the compass, to get in as many different bills as
possible. Sir, practically, I do not know as it
will make at this session, how this matter is dis-
posed of, as we all know there is a bill upon the
calendar of this House, reported from the Com-
mittee on Commerce; and that great efforts are
made to get it up. I d® not know that the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals would have an oppor-
tunity of digesting a measure and bringing it be-
fore the House, in time for action during this
short session. If it is the pleasure of the House
to divide these subjects, as I think they have a
right to do, so far as I am concerned, I shall have
no objections.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland. I propose to say
a single word in reply to what has been said by
the gentleman near me. I must not be understood
by the committee as entertaining any objection
whatever to the propriety of dividing the subjects
of harbors and rivers, and referring them, if need
be, to separate committees of this House. I en-
tirely approve of that course of proceeding; and
furthermore, I concur entirely with my friend
from Indiana, [Mr. Robinson,] thatit would be ad-
visable, if possible, to bring in every river and
every harbor in a separate bill. So far as my
attention has been called to the subject, that has
been my opinion, and that has been my desire;
but it has not been in my power to give it that
direction.
I have already stated to the committee, that the
rivers now before the Committee on Commerce,
are rivers which we believe to be connected im-
mediately with the existing commerce of the coun-
try; but if it be the pleasure of the House to give
more scope to the internal improvement system,
and not to limit the class of rivers to be improved,
then refer it to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
But if you refer your rivers generally to the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals, there is no limitation
to the discretion of that committee. And I say that
that was the recognized and fundamental principle
which prevailed when the Committee on Roads and
Canals was organized. We organized the Commit-
tee on Roads and Canals as an internal improvement
committee; and when you refer the subject of river
improvement to that committee, there is no limita-
tion to their discretion; and any river that the com-
mittee might think proper to introduce, as a mere
matter of discretion, would come into the bill. But
if you make reference to the commercial power, or
the navy power, or the army power, why, every
single item of the bill must relate to the navy,
army, or commercial power; and though your
bill may be defective, though the principle may
be abused, there is a principle to guide the House.
But refer the subject of rivers generally to the
Committee on Roads and Canals, and there is no
principle. I submit, that by the very reference
you revivify and reinstate the system of internal
improvements, and give life to the Committee on
Roads and Canals, which has no life unless you
have a system of internal improvements.
The gentlemen from Indiana and Virginia say,
that the committee has nothing to do unless you
refer to it generally, without limitation, the rivers
of the country. That, sir, is precisely my own
opinion; and I submit that the division of the pres-
ent reference is an enlargement of the system,
and for that reason, and for that reason alone, 1
would be opposed to it. But after all, I am not
much opposed to it, and I beg parcjon for extend-
ing this discussion. I shall acquiesce with very
great pleasure in whatever may be the decision of
the Committee, and devote myself with great
cheerfulness to the harbors, leaving my friend from
