18
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 9,
Indiana, [Mr. Robivsow,] 'with the ability and
spirit which I know characterize him and his
Western associates, to take care of the rivers. I
will cheerfully, and with great pleasure, resign to
him his Western rivers, only asking, in advance,
thit he will take care of the Patapsco, and James, ^ . . .
and Savannah, and Hudson rivers, as well as the i cost half a million of dollars.
Mississippi, and theOhio,&c., west of the moun- j; order.]
Mr. MEADE inquired if it was in order to ask |
a question of the mover ?
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order except
by unanimous consent.
"Objection was made by several members.
Mr. MEADE only wished to state that it would
■ • ■" [Loud cries of
tains.
Mr. ROBINSON then withdrew his amend- |
ment by unanimous consent. j
Mr. HUBBARD moved that the committee rise, i
with a view to an adjournment. |
The question was put, and the motion was ;
neentivea.
The question then recurring on Mr. McLajtk's
amendment, it was taken by tellers, (Messrs. Rob-
ixsov, and McLane of Maryland acting,) and
decided in the affirmative—ayes 81, noes 45; so
the amendment was adopted.
The ninth resolution being read, as follows:
That so much of the message and accompanying docu-
ments as relates to roads and canals, and to the improve-
ment of the navigation of riveri, be referred to the Commit-
tee on Roads and Canals—
Mr. VINTON moved to strike out the words
•• and to the improvement of the navigation of
rivers."
The question was put, and the words were
itricken out.
Mr. HOUSTON moved the following addition-
al resolution:
Resohxd, That so much of said message and accompany-
ing documents as relates to the health, comfort, and safety
of the citv of Washington, and the security of the public
buildings and records, be referred t  the Committee on Pub-
lic Buildups and Grounds.
He said: There are,Mr. Chairman, certain rec-
ommendations in the President's message which
relate, in the words of the message, and in the
words of the resolution, to the health, comfort,
and safety of the city of Washington, and the
security of the public buildings and records. I
apprehend that by the standing rules ofthe House,
this subject appropriately belongs to the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds. I do
not know whether the honorable member from
Virginia, [Mr. Batlt,] who has submitted these
resolutions, contemplated the reference of this
part ofthe message to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, but, in my opinion, it really
does not belong to that committee. It is not ne-
cessary that I should read the whole of that por-
tion ofthe message which more particularly re-
lates to the proposition submitted to the President
for the supply of the city with water, which he
conceives to be highly conducive to the health and
comfort of the city, as well as the safety and se-
curity of the public buildings and records. I have
offered this resolution by way of amendment, in
order that this portion of the message may go to
the committee to which it appropriately belongs.
I take it for granted that "neither the honorable
chairman ofthe Committee of Ways and Means,
nor any other gentleman, will object to it.
The question was then taken on the resolution, !
and it was adopted.
On motion by Mr. BAYLY, the committee then ,
rose and reported the resolutions to the House.
Mr. BAYLY called for the previous question;
and the demand was seconded, and the main
question ordered, which main question was on the .
adoption of the resolutions.
The question was then put, and the resolutions
were adopted.
THE PENNSYLVANIA.
Mr. SCHENCK asked leave to offer the fol-
lowing resolution: J
Rctolvei, That the Committee of Ways and Means be 1
instructed to inquire and ascertain the necessary expense
therefor, and to report forthwith a hill appropriating an
amount of money sufficient to enable the President of the
United States to fit out the sliip-of-the-line Pennsylvania,
and lo send her to England, to convey thither, under such
regulations as he shall prescribe, the works of art, and the
productions of the United States, intended by citizens of
this Government to be exhibited at the " World's Fair,"
which is to assemble in London in May next. (
Mr. MEADE objected to its reception. i
Mr. SCHENCK moved to suspend the rules, i
Mr. RICHARDSON moved that the House
adjourn, but on a division there appeared—ayes
62, noes 75. So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurring on the motion to suspend
the rules,
The question was then taken on the motion to
suspend the rules, and disagreed to—ayes 67,
noes 70.
Mr. VINTON moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. HAMPTON asked the gentleman to with-
draw the motion to enable him to move a resolu-
tion to withdraw certain papers from the files.
Mr. VINTON refused to withdraw the motion,
stating that the papers could be withdrawn under
the rules.
The question was then put, and
The House adjourned.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
By Mr. WENTWORTH: A bill to amend the act of 4th
September, 1841, granting preemption rights to settlers upon
the public lands, and to extend the time of payment
therefor.
Also, A bill to extend the provisions of the pension
laws to all soldiers, and to the widows of nil soldiers
; who served for a term of three months and upwards in the
war of the American Revolution, or in the last war with
Great Britain.
By Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois: A bill to establish the rank
of surgeons and pursers in the navy of the United States.
By Mr. CROWELL: The petition of Isaac Miller and
others, citizens of Trumbull county, Ohio, praying the re-
peal of the fugitive slave law passed at the last session of
Congress.
Also, the petition of H. W. Collar and others, citizens of
Trumbull county, Ohio, praying the repeal of the fugitive
slave law approved September 18,1850.
By Mr. IIOLLADAY : The petition of Clara McWil-
liams, asking indemnity for French spoliations.
By Mr. ANDREWS : The petition of Jesse Gay anil
36 others, citizens of Clintonville, Clinton county, New
York, asking Congress to repeal the fugitive slave law
passed at the last session.
By Mr. DANNER: A petition from the heirs of Peter
Straber, late of York county, Pennsylvania, deceased, pray-
ing compensation for the services of the siid deceased in
the revolutionary war.
By Mr. POTTER: The petition of Jacob Strader, Paul
Anderson and others, citizens of Cincinnati, praying that
compensation may be made to the " Ohio and Mississippi
mail line" for transportation of the United States mail in
1832.
By Mr. HAMPTON: The petition of the Board of Trade
ofthe city of Pittsburg, praying for an appropriation to erect
a custom-house, post office, and other public buildings in
said city.
Also, the petition of Tobias Myere and C. MeKibbin, of
Pittsburg, praying to be released from their contract witil
the Navy Department.
By Mr. YOUNG: The petition of James M. Davis and
others, asking that additional compensation be given the
registers and receivers of land offices for locating mili-
tary land warrants.
By Mr. PARKER: The petition of 110 citizens of Vir-
ginia, asking the establishment of a mail route between
Charlestown, Jefferson county, Virginia, and Berryville,
1 Clarke county, Virginia.
By Mr. HOWE: The petition of John L. Mitchell, and
Also, A bill granting the right of way and a grant of « otters, citizens of the counties of Crawford. Venango,
8 -  9 aid in the con- and Warren, Pennsylvania* praying Congress to establish
a post-ro«d from Meadville, Crawford county, via Ciiop-
manville, Titusville, and Enterprise, to " Steam Mill" post-
office, in Warren county* 011 the Warren and Franklin
turnpike road in Warren county.
Mr. POTTER withdrew from the files the petition of
James W. Knaggs, administrator of Whitmore Knaggs;
which was referred to the Committee of Claims.
public larids to the State of Illinois, to
struction of a railroad from Naples to the Illinois river west-
ward to the Mississippi, and from Springfield to the eastern
line of said State.
By Mr. STRONG: A bill to provide for taking testimony
in cases of contested elections for members of the House of
Representatives of the United States.
Mr. CHANDLER gave notice that to-morrow, or on
some future day, he should ask leave to introduce a bill for
the encouragement of dramatic literature, by securing to
authors the sole right of representation.
Mr. SIBLEY gave notice of his intention to introduce a
bill for the punishment of crimes and offences committed
within the limits of the Indian country in Minnesota, and
to promote the civilization of the Indian tribes within said
! Territory. .
Mr. S PAUL DING gave notice that he would on to-mor-
row, or as soon thereafter as practicable, introduce the
following bill:
AN ACT to authorize the improvement of the navigation
ofthe St. Clair Flats, in the State of Michigan.
Sec. 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of ^America in Congress
assembled, That die channel through the St. Clair Flats,
" * - — ■ jnto ciair river, shall be so
deepened, enlarged, and improved, and lights, beacons,
buoys, and stakes so placed and maintained along the said
channel, as to make the navigation thereof safe and easy for
all steamboats and vessels navigating those waters.
Sec. 2. mAnd be it further enacted, That the deepening
and enlarging of the channel hereby authorized* shall be
commenced and the work executed, and thereafter main-
tained under the «upeiVision and direction of the Corps of
Topographical Engineers; and the sum of forty thousand
dollars is hereby appropriated to that object, payable out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, and
such annual appropriations shall thereafter be made as will
be necessary to complete and maintain such improvements.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the placing and
maintaining of the lights, beacons, buoys, and stakes along
said channel, shall be commenced and the work executed
under the supervision and direction of the Secretary of the
Treasury; and the sum often thousand dollars is hereby ap-
propriated to that object, payable out of any money in the ^ ^ ^   -     - _
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, and that such work ♦/wiTrT
shall continue under the supervision and control of the «amf year > the amounts applicable to the service
Secretary of the Treasury, and such further annual appro-
priations be made therefor, as shall be necessary to com-
plete and maintain the same.
PETITIONS. !
The following petitions were presented under the rule,
and referred to the appropriate committees: i
By Mr. LEFFLER: The petition of the late and present
register and receiver at Mineral Point, Wisconsin, praying
additional compensation for the location of liiilit:iry bounty
land warrants.
Also, a similar petition from the late and present land
officers at Dubuque, Iowa, of the like import.
By Mr. MILLSON: The petition of John C. Cohoon,
administrator of Francis W. C. Muren, asking payment of
amount of pension due deceased.
By Mr. HARRIS of Illinois: The petition of James M.
Davis and others, registers and receivers in Illinois, pray-
ing Congress to grant adequate compensation to such offi-
cers for official services.
By Mr. WALDO: The petition of the heirs of Major
John Ripley, late of the State of Connecticut, deceased,
asking for commutation pay.
By Mr. SEDDON: The petition of many merchants and
citizens of Richmond, Virginia, for the erection in that city
of a custom-houBe.
Also, the petition of Jacquelin Taylor, Thomas Ellis, and
others, for the return of certain duties exacted under cir-
cumstances of peculiar hardship.
Also, the petition of Clara McWilliams, of Fredericks-
burg, Virginia, for an appropriation to make good a- land
warrant heretofore issued for the revolutionary services of
her father.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 9, 1850.
Mr. Gwin, of California, Mr. Borland, of
Arkansas, and Mr. Yblee, of Florida, appeared
- in their seats this morning.
, EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
! The PRESIDENT of the Senate laid before
the body a communication from the Secretary of
the Interior, transmitting the annual report of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, exhibit-
. ing the operations of that branch of the public
from Lake St. Clair into the St Clair river, shall be so ;; servjce during the last year; which was read, re-
<{oAnpnp<l (>nlnrc/p<l and imniYlVPn. nnrl IllHltfl. n£rLOOnfl. _ , , . , J .1 n t i* r 1 1
ferrred to the Committee on the Pubhc Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the same, trans-
mitting the report of the Commissioner of Pen-
sions, with the lists required by the act of July
10, 1832, for the regulation of the navy and pri-
vateer and navy hospital funds; which was read,
referred to the Committee on Pensions, and or-
dered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the same, trans-
mitting statements from the Second Comptroller
of the Treasury, showing the balances on the 1st
of July, 1849, for the service of that Department;
the appropriations for the fiscal year ending 30th
June, 1850; the repayments and transfers in the
for the same period; the amount drawn from the
Treasury, and the balances remaining on the 1st
July, 1850; which was read and referred to the
Committee on Finance.
1 INDIAN AGGRESSIONS ON THE MEXICAN
j FRONTIER.
i A message was received from the President of
I the United States, communicating to the Senate a
translation of a note addressed to the Secretary of
State by the Minister of the Mexican Republic,
relative to a subject to which the attention of
Congress was invited in the message at the open-
ing of the present session; which was read and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The translation states that it is daily becoming
more and more indispensable that the Government
of the United States should adopt the promptest
and most active measures in order to prevent, con-
formably to the provisions of the 11th article of the
treaty gif Guadalupe Hidalgo, the incursions of the
. Indian savages of the United States upon the popu-
lation of the Mexican frontier; and the Mexican
|1 Minister entertains no doubt that the Congress of
i the United States will take this matter into con-
I sideration, and give it all the attention which its
i importance requires. He says there are two rea-
