1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sons which render the adoption of military mea.-s- J
ures extremely necessary: first, that Winter is the !
season when the Indians make their annual incur-
sions and commit their acts of devastation and
atrocity upon the frontier population of Mexico;
and, second, that in consequence of the loss of
their crops this year, the aforesaid population is
now actually suffering from great scarcity of food,
and tuat if they had to contend with the savages
in this condition, they would be exterminated, or
at least exposed to much greater ravages than
they have ever experienced m any former incur-
sions.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. BRADBURY presented the petition of
Tobias Carrington, a clerk in the office of the
Second Comptroller, asking an increase of com-
pensation; -which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. COOPER presented the memorial of the
heirs of General Stephen Moylan, asking the pas-
sage of an act declaring that the non-settlement of
the accounts of said Moylan may be no bar to
his heirs receiving commutation ]>ay; which was
referred to the Committee of Claims.
Also, the memorial of John H. Dhiel, propos-
ing to establish a line of steamers between Phila-
delphia and Liverpool, and carry the mail between
those places, once a month, upon certain condi-
tions; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. FELCH presented the memorial of the
late and present registers and receivers of the
land office at Vandalia, in Illinois, asking ad-
ditional compensation for locating military bounty
land warrants; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Public Lands.
Mr. WALKER presented the petition of Anna
Norton and Louisa Forkit, daughters and sole
surviving heirs at law of Zephaniah Ross, asking
to be allowed the pension said Ross would have
been entitled to had his name not been stricken
from the pension roll; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the memorial of
the executors of Henry Eckford, deceased, asking
payment of an amount declared to be due them
by a judgment of the United States circuit court
for the southern district of New York; which was
referred to the Committee of Claims.
Also, a petition from the registers and receivers
of the land office at Vandalia, in the State of Illi-
nois, asking additional compensation for locating
military bounty land warrants; which was referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands.
Also, from Chester Griswold, a soldier in the
last war with Great Britain, asking to be allowed
arrears of pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. PRATT submitted additional documents re-
lating to the claim of Thomas R. Johnson, admin- ''
istrator of Rinaldo Johnson and Sally Ann Nut-
tritt, administratrix of Anne E. Johnson; which
were referred to the Committee of Claims. i
Mr. WINTHROP presented a petition of citi- !'
zens of North Bridgewater, Massachusetts, asking 1
the adoption of measures for the adjustment of in- 1
ternational difficulties; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. UNDERWOOD presented the petition of i
Denton Offutt, professing to make known for a
just and reasonable compensation a system of,
taming and improving the breed of all domestic }
animals; which was referred to the Committee on ; :
Agriculture. ;
Mr. DAYTON presented a memorial of citi- I
zei* of the District of Columbia, asking the erec- j
tion of a lunatic asylum in the said District;
which was referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia. *
Also, the petition of Eliza M. Evans, asking tn
be allowed interest on a sum of money advanced
by her father, Walton White, deceased, for the
use of a regiment commanded by him during the
revolutionary war; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
ORDERS.
On motion by Mr. FELCH, it was ordered
that all memorials, petitions, or other papers, re-
ferred to the committees of the Senate at the last
session, and remaining before them at its close,
be recommitted to the same committees.
On motion by Mr. YULEE, it was ordered that
n
so much of the President's message as relates to
the subject of naval affairs, be referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also, that the petition of Michael Hanson, on
the files of the Senate, be referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. PEARCE, it wa^wdered
that the petition of Philip R. Frieze, on the files
of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
On motion by Mr. CLEMENS, it was ordered
that the petition of William C. Easton, on the files
of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. BUTLER gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to indemnify the
State of South Carolina for money expended and
losses incurred for the United States in the Florida
war with the Indians.
Mr. CHASE gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to cede to the State of
Ohio the unsold remainder of the public lands
within her limits.
Mr. GREENE gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to offer a substitute to Senate bill No.
346 entitled "a bill to ascertain and settle the pri-
vate land claims in the State of California."
Mr. PEARCEgavenotice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill for the relief of Mrs. Sarah
McKay.
Mr. BERRIEN gave notice that he would ask
leave to introduce a bill to be entitled "An act to
amend an act entitled 'An act to authorize notaries
public to take and certify oaths, affirmations, and
acknowledgments in certain cases.' "
Mr. BUTLER gave notice that he would ask
leave to introduce a bill to give four terms to the
Criminal Court of the District of Columbia.
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED.
Mr. COOPER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which lies over one day under the rule:
Rewired, That the Secretary of the Treasury be request-
ed forthwith to report to the Senate the quantity and value
of tea, coffee, salt, sugar, flour, grain, and provisions gen-
erally, wool, coal, and mm, the produce of foreign coun-
tries, imported and exported j the value of all manufactures
of cotton, wool, and flax, the produce of foreign countries,
of pig copper, and of French merchandise imported and
I exported ; the quantity and value of cotton, tobacco, rice,
j flour, grain, provisions generally, and naval stores, domes-
tic produce, exported ; the value of cotton manufactured,
I domestic produce, exported ; the quantity of shipping built,
and the number of immigrants from foreign countries during
the last fiscal year.
I Mr. BADGER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which lies over under the rule:
Resolved, That the Sergeant-at-Arms be authorized to
employ as page to the Senate Thomas Reed, late page to the
Vice President.
TWO PER CENT. FUND IN MISSOURI.
Mr. BENTON. Pursuant to notice, I ask leave
to bring in a bill to pay to the State of Missouri
the amount of the two per cent, fund, which, by
the compact with that State, was to be expended
in making road or canals "to" the State, under
the direction of Congress, and which has never j
been applied to that purpose. j
Not being of the committee to which the bill
may be referred, I deem it expedient, and an
abridgment of the labor of the committee, to
make a brief exposition of the reasons in which i
it is founded. It will be recollected that by a j
compact with all the new States, containing pub- I
lie land, at the time of their admission, five per !
centum of the net proceeds of the sales within
each State was reserved for the benefit of the
State; of which three per cent, was to be expended
under th e direction of the Legislature of the State—
usually in making roads or canals within the State:
but in some instances to other purposes, as in
Florida, to the promotion of education; and. in
Louisiana, to roads and levees, instead of canals. ;
In every instance the whole five per cent, accruing
upon the sales within the State was to be expended j
for the benefit of the State, either to objects within,
or to the construction of highways leading "to"
the State. To it, and not towards it—contiguity,
and not approach—are the words of the compact,
and the reason of it also. The five per centum
was indemnity—intended as indemnity, though
most inadequate—for the loss of the taxes which
the Stat*! would have had a right to collect from
the public lands (and also upon them immediate-
ly when sold) had it not been for the relinquish-
ment of that right upon compact. This was the
| case with all the new States; and now let us see
J J how this compact has been carried into effect in
: the State of Missouri—to which my bill applies—
and whether all that relates to the two per cent,
part of it has not remained unexecuted on the part
of Congress.
The three per cent, has been paid her: that is
admitted; but no road, or canal, has been made
"to" her; and that is certain. A road was in-
tended to be made "to" her, and carried part of
the way—the national, or Cumberland road. But
11 that road, after going <Ho" Ohio, and through
j, Ohio—"to" Indiana, and through Indiana—"to"
i, Illinois, and into Illinois—stopping in Illinois, far
short of the Missouri boundary, and has termina-
: ted there, and has been surrendered by Congress
j to the States through which it passes, on the mere
: condition of its being kept in repair. The road is
terminated, and all idea of ever taking it "to"
Missouri is wholly abandoned, and has been for
I many years—the two per centum accruing all the
while, and going all the while into the United
States Treasury, where it now remains.
j In the mean time the State of Missouri has kept
her covenant. She has taxed no part of the pub-
lic lands within her limits, either before they were
sold or within five years thereafter. She has kept
the bargain, hard as it was; for the five per centum,
; even if the whole had been paid over to the State
as it accrued, would have been no indemnity for
j the loss of the taxes; while the injury to the set-
; tlement, population, and cultivation of the State,
i arising from the taxing power which might have
coerced the Congress to sell the lands promptly
for what they were worth, instead of holding them
up indefinitely, until the worst should rise to the
value of the best: the injury from these sources—
loss of taxation on public lands until sold, and for
five years thereafter, and the want of rapid sales
at prices adapted to qualities, as the taxing power
would have coerced—is an injury about ten or
twenty times greater than the whole five per
centum, with all the road grants and school grants
of lands, made or to be made, have amounted or
ever will amount to.
Other States have had the benefit of the whole five
per centum; and some of them a good deal more.
Ohio has had a road made to her, to wit: the
national, or Cumberland road; and also through*
i her, to wit: the same road continued.- She has
! had the full benefit of the whole five per centum,
S and considerably over. Thus: the construction
I of the road from Cumberland—the old "Fort Cum-
berland" of General Braddock, now city of Cum-
I berland—to her border, was $1,901,041 23; then
the cost of its continuation through her limits was
I $2,081,008 36; while thewhole amountof her five
per centum fund was only $966,892 90; of which
$580,135 74 was applicable to the construction of
the road or canals within the State, and $386,757 16
was applicable to making the road to the State;
| so that upwards of three times the amount of her
two per cent, has been expended in making a road
"to" her; and upwards of five times its amount
in making a road within her, and through her—
thanks to a numerous, united, and vigilant dele-
gation.
With Indiana and Illinois it is about the same
thing; each has had a road made to it, and one a
road through it, and the other deep into it. The
1 two per cent, fund accruing in these States are, up
to the latest statement of the accounts, the sum of
$383,698 50 in Indiana, and the sum of $349,266 83
to Illinois; while the expenditures within those
States for making the national road within them
have been, for Indiana, $1,135,000, and for Illinois
$746,000. Thus, these three States have received
the full benefit of their compacts with the Federal
Government, and much over; but not enough to
indemnify them for the loss of taxation on the Fed-
eral lands, and retarded sales, resulting from non-
taxation, which took away from the Government
all stimulus to sell.
Other States, besides those named, have received
their full five per centum, and no more. Of this
class are Louisiana, Florida, Arkansas, Michigan,
and Iowa, and that by virtue of their compacts at
thetimeof admission. For, being out of the line of
any road from Washington to their borders, they
wisely provided, from the beginning, to have the
whole five per centum pgid to themselves for objects
of internal improvement or education within them-
selves; and the whole has been paid to them ac-
cordingly, namely, to Louisana, $214,193 43; to
