20
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 9,
Florida, $4,336 47; to Arkansas, #85,470 22; to
Michgan, $181,822 73; and to Iowa, $16,422 05.
Two other of the new States—Alabama and
Mississippi—began with compacts in the usual
form, the three "per cent, in making roads to the
States respectively, and two per centum within it.
But seeing, in process of time, that no road or
canal was to be made "to" these States, they
claimed the two per centum which had been paid
into the National Treasury, and received it. It
was paid to the two States by act of Congress of
September 4, 1841, and amounted, with the three
per cents, then paid in, and the subsequent accru-
ments, for Alabama, to the sum of $625,170 59,
and for Mississippi the sum of $746,449 74.
This—the act of Congress for paying the two per
cent, being prospective as well as retrospective—
does justice to Mississippi and Alabama, and
makes their case an exact precedent for Missouri.
She is the only one remaining without justice on
this point—the only one whose two per cents,
accruing from the date of her admission, remains
in the Treasury of the United "States; and the
reasons for her immediate indemnification are so
obvious that the question rather is, why she has
not been paid, than why she should not be ? That
is, in fact, the question, and the one to which I
address myself. There has been a bar in the way,
for a long time effectual, but now no longer of any
force. The two per centum of Missouri, with the
same of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, were all
pledged, by successive acts of Congress, to the
reimbursement of the amount expended by the
Federal Government in the construction of the
national road; and that pledge still remains upon
the statute-book. It was right when it was put
there, and I voted for it; and it is still right with
respect to Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois; for there was
another pledge at the same time, of which they
had the benefit, and more: a pledge to carry the
road "to" these States. That has been done,
and more; for it has been carried through two of
them and deep into another. They have all had
the benefit of the pledge in their favor, and there-
fore abide, without objection, the pledge against
them. But not so Missouri. The pledge has
never been redeemed in her favor, and never will
be; and therefore the pledge against her has ceased
. to be binding. The national road has not gone ;
"to "her, and never will. It is abandoned by i
Congress, given up to the States through which it
passes, and is forever terminated as a road of fed-
eral or national construction. All the reason, then,
upon which the Missouri two per centum has been
retained in the Treasury—its reservation to be
expended under the direction of Congress in
making roads or canals "to" the State—has en-
tirely failed; and now, this failure being indis-
putable, it is time for Missouri to be reclaiming
the money which she has been paying for thirty
years,-which belongs to her, which Congress was j
to expend for her benefit, and has not, and never j
"will. _ I
I have, therefore, deemed it my duty to move J-
in the matter, and to ask the leave, which I now
do, to bring in a bill for the relief of Missouri in !
the premises. The bill is drawn upon the model
of that of Alabama and Mississippi, proposing ,
to pay the amount of the two per cent, which |
has heretofore accrued, being $223,609 32 at the ;
last rendition of the accounts, and to provide for
the quarterly payment of the fund as it shall here-
after accrue. To obviate all question about the ,
continuation of the national road, or the liability
of the United States to be called upon to continue !
it " to" the State line, the bill contains a section
for the formal relinquishment of all claim to such .
continuation, on condition of receiving the two
per cent, fund, past and future, to be expended !
within the State. The bill names the objects to
which it is applicable, of course subject to the ap- ;
probation of the State Legislature. It names two i
objects, from their importance not local or merely
State objects, but general and national, and both
calculated to promote the national object of commu-
nication from different points on the Mississippi |
river with all the territories and countries west of
Missouri, and out to the Pacific ocean. They are i
both railways—both chartered by the General
Assembly of Missouri—both pointing in the right j
direction, and extending to the two leading points
of departure on the western frontier—to Califor-
nia, Oregon, Utah, and New Mexico—one on the j
north side and one on the south side of the Mis- i
souri river; and each, from its locality and direc-
tion, as essential to the convenience of the emigra-
ting population of the United States, and the
future communications of the Federal Govern-
ment with its distant members and possessions,
as to the people of Missouri themselves.
Thl|Pcome precisely, both from their initial
points, extent, and direction, within the proviso
to the similar relinquishment in favor of Alabama
and Mississippi, which requires the whole of the
said two per cent, fund to be applied to works of
internal improvement within the State," having ref-
erence to and susceptible of being connected with such
works of a national c/utracter leading to said State."
Such is the proviso to the act in favor of Alabama
and Mississippi, and shows that Congress relin-
quished the fund upon a condition which insured
its application to leading routes, which might be-
come links in national constructions, instead of
being dissipated on small local objects; and that is
precisely what is insured by the bill which I pro-
pose. The two initial points of the road, I main-
tain, are very proper points of connection with
roads across the State of Illinois, already pro-
jected or contemplated.
Leave to introduce the bill was granted, it was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BENTON submitted a statement showing
the percentage of the net proceeds of the public
lands to which each State was entitled on her ad-
mission into the Union; the amount paid to the
States, to be expended by their Legislatures; the
amount reserved to be expended by Congress, and
the amount actually so expended; which was also
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
RELIEF OF JOHN A. M'GAW.
The Senate, as in Committee of the "Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill for the relief of
John A. McGaw, of New York.
Mr. HAMLIN. When this bill was last un-
der the consideration of the Senate, it was passed
over, at the suggestion of the Senator from Michi-
gan, [Mr. Felch;] but I now understand that, on
an investigation of the matter, he has become
satisfied. I would now state, for the information
of the Senate, that this bill gives to the party for
whose benefit it is proposed, precisely what he
would have recovered by law if he had chartered
his vessel to a merchant, instead of the United
States. The committee thought that he should be
in the same position when contracting with the
United States as when contracting with an indi-
vidual.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
INDIGENT INSANE.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the bill making' a
grant of public lands to the several States of the
Union for the relief and support of indigent insane
persons; and,
On motion by Mr. PEARCE, it was
Ordered, That the further consideration be postponed to,
and made the order of the day for Wednesday, the 18th
instant.
DECISIONS OP THE SUPREME COURT.
The Senate, as in Committee of the WTiole,
proceeded to the consideration of " a bill providing
for the purchase and distribution of the decisions
of the Supreme Court of the United States among
the several States and Territories."
The bill authorizes and requires the Secretary
of the Treasury to procure five hundred copies of
the decisions of the Supreme Court of the United
States, as contained in six volumes of Peters's
Condensed Reports, and the sixteen volumes sub-
sequent thereto, by the same Reporter; and like-
wise five hundred copies of the first seven vol-
umes of Howard's Reports; and also, until Con-
gress shall otherwise direct, five hundred copies
of each succeeding volume of the reports of the
decisions of that court, and to forward to the
Governor of each State and Territory four copies
thereof, one copy being intended for the State
library, and one copy for the use of the Execu-
tive, of the Legislature, and of the highest court
of the States and Territories respectively, unless
the Legislatures thereof shall deem it necessary
and proper to make a different distribution. In
addition to these copies, there shall be forwarded
to the Governor of each State and Territory a
number of copies of the reports equal to the num-
j ber of Representatives of the States and Territo-
, ries in both Houses of Congress, to be distributed
by the Legislatures of the States and Territories;
the remainder of the copies to be deposited in the
Department of State, to await the further action
of Congress.
Mr. YULEE. I would inquire from the Sena-
i tor who has this bill in charge, what will be the
[ probable amount of the cost which will be incurred
: in procuring the proposed number of copies?
! There are thirty-one States of this Union, and the
j; bill proposes to give copies to each of them; but
I would inquire if five hundred copies will not be
more than are needed ? So far as the libraries
here are concerned, I think they are fully pro-
vided for. I have never found any difficulty in
obtaining a copy for my own special use, and I
think there is ample provision for us and for the
Supreme Court.
Mr. DAYTON. This bill has been before the
Senate on previous occasions, and on one or two
occasions passed this body, I think. The amount
will be $31,000 or p2,000 for five hundred copies,
at $62 per copy.
The object of this appropriation is to supply the
several States and Territories with a few copies of
the decisions of the Supreme Court of the United
States, which are offered to the Government at a
very reduced price. These reports have cost in
the valley of the Mississippi, as I have seen by
certain papers, the sum of three or four hundred
dollars; and it is represented by memorials from
members of the bar at the West to the Legislatures
of the western States that they have been very in-
adequately provided with these reports. It is
right and proper, not only that the Government
should supply its laws to the several States of this
Union, but that it should also supply, to a limited
extent at least, the decisions of the Supreme
Court. This principle is acted upon in all the
State governments. They not only distribute
their laws, but they distribute the decisions
of their supreme court to the severed counties
of the State, so as to confer, to some extent,
at the expense of the Government, a knowl-
edge of the decisions of the courts. It has been
customary to supply these decisions to the Terri-
tories, and perhaps to some of the new States, but
they have never been distributed as they ought to
have been.
This is not a speculation on the part of the in-
dividuals who print the book. The matter has
been presented for the consideration of the Senate
by memorials from Legislatures, and by resolu-
tions of the Legislatures of the States of T ennessee,
Kentucky, New Hampshire, Maine, Massachu-
setts, New York, Rhode Island, New Jersey,
Maryland, and Connecticut. The Legislatures of
all these States have passed resolutions in favor of
this distribution, for which they desire that Con-
gress will make an appropriation. In addition to
this, there have been memorials from a large body
of the members of the bar from the other States.
This matter is well understood, however, I think,
by the Senate generally, and I am not disposed to
occupy the time of the Senate in any further
explanation of it. Five hundred copies is the
number mentioned in the bill; and I see by a
memorandum' before me that they are to be dis-
tributed so as to give to each State and Territory
a number equal to the number of the Representa-
tives in such State or Territory in the two Houses
of Congress, and then to give in addition four
copies to each State and Territory for the State
library, and for the uses of the Executive, of the
Legislature, and of the supreme court. This
will make, in the aggregate, four hundred and
eighty-five volumes to be distributed in this ufay,
and will leave only fifteen copies to be disposed of
by the further action of Congress.
Mr. YULEE. I woulS inquire of the Senator
who has charge of this bill whether the United
States judges in their several districts are not now
furnished with a copy of these decisions ?
Mr. DAYTON. I have no further knowledge
on the subject than that which is common to every
member of this body. I presume they are fur-
nished with the current reports; and the presump-
tion is that a man who takes his seat upon the
bench of the court is not without them. The ob-
ject of this bill is not to provide individuals with
these reports, which they must have had before
they took their places upon the bench of the Su-
preme Court of the United States; it is to put them
