1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21
into the libraries, where they may be had for ref-
erence when wanted for that purpose by members
of the bar, and that it may not be necessary for
the Judge of the Supreme Court to carry his books
with him on the circuit.
Mr. YULEE. My purpose was simply to
bring to the notice of the Senate what I believe to
be the fact, that every judicial district is furnished
with a copy by the United States, and that there
is no part of the U nited States where access can-
not be conveniently had to them by the members
of the bar. I presume there is scarcely a lawyer
in any part of the United States whose library is
not already furnished. I would not object to this
appropriation if I could perceive the utility of this
large expenditure, and if it were to end here. But
it is an expenditure which must be continued indefi-
nitely if once entered upon; for the same reason
which requires that we should take five hundred cop-
ies now, will make it necessary that we should take
a thousand hereafter. I believe that this appro-
priation has not been called for without prompting;
for I happen to know that there was prompting
on the part of the pu Wishers to induce Florida to
move in the matter, although Florida has not act-
ed upon the subject. I belive it is a speculation 011
the part of the publishers, and therefore move that
it be laid upon the table, and on that question I
ask the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and were ta-
ken with the following result:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton, Bradbury, Butler, Cass, Chase,
Clemens, Davis of, Mississippi, Dickinson, Dodge of Wis-
consin, Dodge of Iowa, Felch, Gwin, Hamlin, Hunter,
Jones, King, Morton, Pearce, Pratt, Sturgeon, Turney,
Walker, Whitcomb, and Yulee—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Berrien, Clarke,
Cooper, Davis of Massachusetts, Dayton, Ewing, Hale,
Mangum, Miller, Norris, Phelps, Seward, Smith, Spruance,
Underwood, Upliam, and Wintlirop—19.
CALIFORNIA LAND TITLES.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, at the last ses-
sion of Congress a bill was introduced by my
colleague [Mr. Fremont] to ascertain and settle
the private land claims in the State of California. ,
I wish to have it made the special order for Thurs-
day next, at one o'clock. I therefore move to j
postpone the prior orders to take up that bill for
that purpose. I
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. "We lost a great j
deal of time at the last session by making special
orders inatead of taking up bills in their regular
order on the calendar. I intend to object to all
special orders at this session, except when a bill
is reached on the calendar and the person intro-
ducing it wishes to make it a special order I
shall do this because I wish every bill to come up
in its due time, and in its regular order.
Mr. GWIN. The bills on the calendar in rela-
tion to California were necessarily brought in at a
very late period of the last session, and hence are
very low on the calendar. If they be not acted
upon before they sire reached on the calendar, they
will not probably be acted on before the latter part
of the session. This bill is of the greatest im- 1
portance to the State of California, because it is J
absolutely necessary that the private land claims
in that State should be settled. 1
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Mr. President, ]
the reason assigned for the motion of the Senator ,
from California applies to almost every other sim- :
ilar motion. If bills are to be thus made special 1
orders, it becomes a scramble in the Senate as to
who shall have a preference, as to who shall be
favored by having his bill taken up out of its reg-
ular order. It is impossible to take up a bill out
of its regular order without doing injustice to
some other bill. Date determines priority on th£"
calendar, and that is the only true mode of pro-
ceeding. The bills that will be reported at this 1
session must necessarily be lower on the calendar ]
than the bills of the last session in relation to Cal- ,
ifornia, to which the Senator has referred. There
are some bills on the calendar in which I take an
interest, and I do not want them postponed for
other bills. ,
Mr. GWIN. These bills in relation to Cali- |
fornia are of very great importance to the people
of that State. I hope that the Senate will give 1
them early consideration.
The motion to take up the bill was not agreed
to.
PRE-EMPTION CLAIMANTS IN IOWA.
The "bill for the relief of the preemption
claimants of the lands upon which the towns of
Fort Madison and Burlington, in Iowa, are sit-
! uated," was read a second time, and considered
| as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Mr. President, Sena-
I tors around me call for some explanation before
i voting on this bill. I give it with pleasure, al-
: though it could be much better done £>y m^gfriend
from Illinois, [Mr. Shields,] who reported it
from the Committee on Public Lands.
Congress in 1836 laid off the towns of Fort
Madison and Burlington, then in Wisconsin,
(now Iowa,) embracing within their limits six
hundred and forty acres of land. It so happened
that upon each of these tracts of land, thus appro-
priated to town purposes, there were two or more
individuals who were entitled to preemption rights,
in virtue of their cultivation in 1833, and their
possession on the 19th day of June, 1834. Those
persons made application to the land office, as
soon as it was established, and asked to be allowed
to make their proof and payment; but the privilege
was refused them, and the thing impracticable, be-
cause the public surveys had been made to close
upon the exterior lines of the town sites, and the
land within them laid off into town lots and sold.
I am familiar with the history of the matter, be-
cause, as register of the land office, I received
their proofs and transmitted them, I well remem-
ber, to my friend from Indiana, [Mr. Whitcomb,]
then Commissioner of the General Land Office.
He, for the reasons before stated, was unable to
grant the claimants relief, and they have come to
Congress. One of them, an aged man, (Captain
Chaney,) has performed two trips to Washing-
ton, hoping to get a bill passed for his relief. The
other claimants have all, I believe, gone to Oregon
years ago.
The bill has been cautiously drawn. It requires
these persons to be subjected to the double ordeal
of producing satisfactory proof, both to the regis-
ter and receiver, and to the Commissioner of the
General Land Office; and when their right is thus
established, it gives them scrip to the amount of
the value of the lands at the time they were taken
by the Government, deducting therefrom $1 25
per acre, and also the value of any town lots that
the claimants may have got under the act of 2d
July, 1836, for laying off these towns. It further
provides that they shall file a relinquishment of all
claim for further indemnity, and that their scrip
or warrant shall only be located on lands which
| have once been offered to public sale, and which
i are now subject to private entry. I hope the bill
may pass. Some of the claimants are old men,
their witnesses are disappearing, and unless the
opportunity is soon afforded they may never get
that justice from the Government which I am sure
it is the purpose of none of its agents to withhold.
Mr. SHIELDS. Mr. President, this bill merely
accomplishes what the gentleman from Iowa states.
The General Government, by laying out these
towns, deprived a few individuals of the benefit of
their right of preemption, and this bill provides
that they shall now have the benefit of their pre-
emption on other lands. It merely gives those
whose preemptions were taken away by the Gen-
eral Government a strip upon which they may lo-
cate their lands equivalent to the preemption of
which they were deprived. It is avery small matter.
It is intended to indemnify a few poor individuals,
who were deprived of their homes by the action of
the General Government.
The bill was then reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, and was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading.
PRINTING FOR THE PATENT OFFICE.
Mr. WALKER. I desire to call up the mo-
tion, which I offered the other day, to print five
hundred copies of the first part of the Patent Office
report, for the use of the Patent Office. On ex-
amination, as I then remarked, I have found that
five hundred copies of the second part of that re-
port were ordered to be printed for the use of the
Patent Office, but none of the first part were
ordered to be printed for that purpose. I am now,
more than ever, convinced of the propriety of
adopting this motion.
The Secretary read the motion as follows:
Ordered, That five hundred copies of the first part of the
report of the Commistioner of Patents, for the year 1849, be
printed for the use of the Patent Office.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I believe that
is the precise language in which the order was
originally introduced by the Senator from Wis-
consin. At the time it was introduced I .was
strongly impressed with the belief that these five
hundred copies ought to be taken from the num-
ber of copies which had already been printed. I
am now perfectly satisfied, however, that the order
should pass in the form in which it has been in-
troduced, and I will state in a very few words the
reasons which induce me to that belief. It has
been, I believe, the usual practice to give that
number of his report to the Commissioner of
Parents. Applicatious are daily made to the
Patent Office for this report from all the States in
the Union, and from mechanics and machinists
abroad in other parts of the world.
I learn that this number of copies of this report
can be printed for only fifty cents per copy, upon
better paper and with better binding than those
which are furnished to the Senate. And it is a
consideration which, I apprehend, will operate
upon the minds of Senators, whether, when this
work is thus to be scattered abroad in State libra-
ries, in the libraries of our most intelligent ma-
chinists and mechanics, when some of these copies
will go into the libraries of Europe, it is not ad-
visable, especially when it may be done at such a
small exjjpnse, that the additional number of five
hundred copies should be printed upon better
paper than that which is furnished to the Senate.
Upon an examination of the reports furnished to
the Senate very great defects will be found. And
while the printing of the last session of Congress
was vastly superior to that of the Congress pre-
ceding it, yet certainly it is not at a very nigh
standard. The books supplied from the Patent
Office should have the impression of better work-
manship upon them and be of a higher order
than those which are distributed throughout the
community. For these reasons I am clearly of
the opinion that the Senator from Wisconsin is
The PRESIDENT. It is the impression of the
Chair that, according to the rule, this motion
should go to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not know that that is the
case. This is only an order for the printing of an
additional number of a document which has
already been ordered to be printed by the Senate.
The plates are stereotyped, and ready for the press.
At any rate, I suppose the motion can be con-
sidered by unanimous consent. Besides, the Senate
have already considered the matter. This is the
, same motion as that originally introduced by the
Senator from Wisconsin.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair, with no dis-
position at all to postpone this matter, will read
the rule. The rules of the Senate prescribe that
there shall be—
"A Committee on Printing, to consist of three members, to
whom shall be referred every question on the printing of
documents, reports, or other matter transmitted by either of
the Executive Departments, and all memorials, petitions,
accompanying documents, together with all other matter
the printing of which shall be moved, excepting bills ori-
ginating in Congress, resolutions offered by any Senator,
communications from the Legislatures of the respective
States, and motions to print by order of the standing com-
mittees of the Senate; and it shall be the duty of such Com-
mittee on Printing to report in every case in one day, or
sooner if practicable."
By unanimous consent, however, the reference
of the matter to the Committee on Printing can
be dispensed with.
Objection being made, this motion was not ex-
cepted from the rule, but was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
PRIVATE BILL.
The Senate then proceeded to consider the bill
for the relief of E. Pavenstedt Schumacher.
The bill was read a second time, and was con-
sidered by the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. If I understand
that bill there is no objection to it at all. It simply
proposes to release the parties from their bonds,
upon their producing satisfactory evidence to the
Secretary of the Treasury that the goods were lost
on the voyage between New York and New Or-
leans. If the. goods were lost at sea, the bonds
ought to be cancelled.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business,
and, after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
