1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
23
Mr. WENTWORTH. That bill will come up
next.
Mr. POTTER. I shall vote against the motion
made by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. West-
worth,] with a view of taking up the bill reducing
and modifying the rates of postage.
The question being on the motion of Mr. Went-
worth, tellers were called for and ordered, and
Messrs. Featherston and Allen were appointed.
The question being put, the tellers reported—
ayes 76, noes 76.
There being a tie, the Chairman voted in the
negative.
So the motion was lost.
Mr. POTTER. I propose to lay aside the first
order on the calendar, and to take up the House
bill to reduce and modify the rates of postage in
the United States and Territories of the Union.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland. Do I under-
stand the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Potter,] to
move to take up the postage bill ?
Mr. POTTER. Yes, sir.
Mr. McLANE. I desire, then, to say to the
committee, before the vote is taken, that in regard
to the bill referred to by the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Wentworth]—the river and harbor
bill—that there are one or two additional items,
estimated for the present year, which should be
properly included in that bill. I shall be ready
early next week to ask the committee to consider
the river and harbor bill, so revised as to conform
to the estimates of the present year, which have
been slightly altered. I hope the committee will
Eroceed to the consideration of the cheap postage
ill, and by the time that bill shall have been dis-
posed of, 1 shall present them the river and har-
bor bill, adapted to the new estimates. I hope,
by general concurrence, the postage bill will be
taken up.
Mr. JONES moved that the committee rise,
in order to enable him to move that the House
adjourn.  
Mr. POTTER said there was a motion pending.
The CHAIRMAN stated that a motion to rise
was always in order.
The question-was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Jones, and it was disagreed to.
Mr. WENTWORTH called for tellers upon
upon the cheap postage bill.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. I rise to a ,1
point of order, and it is this: That we cannot |l
move to lay aside any particular bill and take up |
the post office bill. There must be a vote on laying I
aside each of the bills separately which precede
it. This is no privileged bill, and you cannot set
aside the whole of these bills on the calendar to j
take it up. You must take a separate vote upon !
each bill which precedes it. I
The CHAIR. In reference to the point of or- j
der made by the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr.
Thompson,] the Chair is aware that the commit-
tee has, on former occasions, pursued the course
which has now been proposed by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Potter;] the rule, however,
seems to be explicit in regard to it, that a bill can-
not be taken up until those preceding it shall have
been separately laid aside. The Chair, in sup-
port of his opinion, read the 135th rule, as follows:
" In Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
all business shall be considered and concluded in the order
of reference to fliem by the House, except general appro-
priation bills, and, in time of war, bills for raising money
or men, and bills concerning a treaty of peace, which may
be preferred, at the discretion of the committee."
The Chair is of opinion, that the proper con-
struction of that rule is, that no bill can be taken
up out of its order on the calendar, except an
appropriation bill; and before a new bill can be
taken up, all bills on the calendar which precede
it must be severally laid aside by a vote of the
House.
Mr. POTTER. Is it necessary to have the at-
tention of the House directed to, and its opinion
had upon each separate bill as it comes up on the
calendar ?
The CHAIR so decides.
Mr. POTTER. That is not the practice of the
committee, and I desire to test the sense on taking
up the postage bill.
Mr. JONES. I understand the Chair to decide
that when we go into Committee of the "Whole on
the state of the Union, as at present, the calendar
must be taken up, ana the first bill on the calendar
read by its title. If there is no objection made,
the committee proceed to the consideration of that
bill. If there be an objection, then the vote must
be taken, whether the committee will proceed to
the consideration of that subject. If they deter-
; mine not to proceed to the consideration of that
bill, then they must take up the next bill an-
nounced; and if there be an objection raised, the
next must be taken up, and so proceed through
the calendar until we come to a bill to which there
is no objection, or which the House has deter-
mined bv a vote to take up for consideration.
The CHAIRMAN. That is the decision of
the Chair.
Mr. JONES resumed. That is clearly and ob-
viously, in my opinion, the meaning and the only
correct construction of that rule. We have other-
wise practiced in regard to the appropriation bills,
and have accepted Dills under that rule. If the
House and committee have a proper regard for
the administration of this rule, they will certainly
sustain the decision made by the Chair. ^
Mr. DUER. If I understand the decision of
the Chair, it is that we must have a separate action
on each bill on the calendar before we can get at
the postage bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has decided,
that before any bill designated by any member
can be taken up, the committee must, by a vote,
lay aside separately all bills which precede it.
Prom this decision of the Chair, the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Potter] has taken an appeal.
Mr. DUER. As I understand the rule, the
bills must be taken up in their order, and the
question taken on each bill as to whether the
House will consider it. There has never been
any departure from that rule, and the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Wentworth] made that mo-
tion only upon the ground that the river and
harbor bill was embraced as one of the general
appropriation bills; nor could any one move to take ,
up any bill out of its order. That has been the
uniform practice.
Mr. POTTER. I move to lay aside all pre-
vious orders upon the calendar that precede the
General Post Office bill, and take up that bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has decided
that that motion is not in order. From this decision
of the Chair the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Pot-
ter] has taken an appeal.
The vote being then taken, the decision of the .
Chair was sustained.
I Mr. LITTLEFIELD. I move that the first
bill be laid aside. |
The CHAIRMAN. The question before the I
j committee, then, is, that the first bill on the calen- '
dar be laid aside.
Mr. JONES called for tellers. j
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a question of order, j
I suggest, as the first point of order, that the river j
and narbor bill is an appropriation bill, and that it i
is now before the House without a motion, unless
the House lay it aside. The 80th rule gives it a
preference. The rule is in the following words:
" General appropriation bills shall be in order in prefer-
ence to any other bills of a public nature, unless otherwise
ordered by a majority of the House."
This river and harbor bill is therefore before the
committee as a preferred bill under the rule.
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of order.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move to take up the
river and harbor bill as a preferred bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the river and harbor bill is not a part of the
general appropriation bills, and that the motion is
not, therefore, in order.
Mr. SCHENCK. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair. i
Mr. BURT. I believe, sir, that certain bills
known under the name of general appropriation
bills, are set dpwn in one of the rules of the House.
I ask that the'seventy-ninth rule be again read, in j
which the appropriation bills are designated.
79th "Rule. Itshall be the duty ofthejCominittee ofWay*
and Means, within thirty days after their appointment, at
every session of Congress, commencing on the 1st Monday
of December, to report the general appropriation bills—for
the civil and diplomatic expenses of Government; for the
army; for the navy; and for the Indian Department and In-
dian annuities—or in failure thereof, the reasons of such
failure."
The rule being then read by the Clerk—
Mr. BURT resumed. I would suggest to the
committee, that the bills described in this rule are
the only general appropriation bills known to our
rules, and therefore, the only bills that have pre- ,
cedence over the others in the calendar of the ji
House. 1!
Mr. ASHMUN. I wish to state, that at the
very last meeting of the committee on this bill in
the last session in this House, the precise point of
• order was made, and the committee decided that
it was a general appropriation bill. I ask the
Chair if it was not so ?
The CHAIRMAN stated, that he was unable
to recollgct. The gentleman from' Ohio [Mr.
Schenck] has moved to lay aside all other bills,
and to take up the House bill for the improvement
of rivers ana harbors. This motion the Chair
has ruled not to be in order. From the decision
of the Chair, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr*
Schenck] has taken an appeal. ,
Mr. SCHENCK. May I call the attention of
the Chair to the reading of the 79th rule ? The
provision is simply this : there are four general
appropriation bills specified in the rule, which
must be reported to the House within thirty days
after the appointment of the Committee of Ways
and Means. We know, however, there are other
appropriation bills besides these, which the rule
says nothing about—for instance, the bill for the
establishment of light-houses, the post offices,
fortifications, and Military Academy Dills. There
are but four bills named; but it does not neces-
sarily follow that there are not other appropria-
tion bills not comprehended in the 79th rule, yet
under the 80th rule, have precedence as general or
annual appropriation bills, over other bills.
The CHAIR desires to state that the rules, 79
and 80, were adopted at the same time. They
were both adopted on the 14th of September, 1837.
The first one, the 79th jule, makes it the duty of
the Committee of Ways and Means to report a
general appropriation bill within thirty days after
their appointment, at each session. At the same
time the House adopted the other rule. The
general appropriation bills named in that rule,
therefore, must be regarded as the appropriation
bill spoken of in the 80th rule; and this general
appropriation bill should have the precedence over
all others on the calendar, unless otherwise directed
by a majority of the House.
The question now being, Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the commit-
tee?
Mr. BURT called for tellers. They were or-
dered; and the question being put to the commit-
tee, it was carried in the affirmative—ayes 82,
noes 67.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. POTTER moved to set aside the first bill
on the calendar.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, made some remarks
not distinctly heard on the left of the Chair.
Mr. GREEN rose to a point of order. The
ordinary business referred to the Committee of
the Whole could not be set aside, except for ap-
propriation bills, and the general appropriation
bills must be considered in the order in which they
were referred to the Committee of the Whole.
We cannot, therefore, override the business in the
order in which it is referred to the committee; and
the motion to set aside the first bill on the calendar
and take up another bill, is out of order.
The CHAIR overruled the point of order, and
ordered the reading of the 130th rule, viz:
" All questions, whether in Committee or in the House,
shall be propounded in the order in which they were moved,
except that in filling up blanks the largest sum and the
longest time shall be first put."
Mr. GREEN called for the reading of the 135th
rule; which was read by the Clerk, as follows:
" In Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
all business shall be considered and concluded in the order
of reference to them by the House, except general appro-
priation bills, and in time of war, bills for raising money or
men, and bills concerning a treaty of peace, which may be
preferred, at the discretion of the committee."
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, called for the read-
ing of the title of the first bill on the calendar; and
it was as follows:
" A biil to grant the right of way to the Tennessee,
Mississippi, and Alabama Railroad Company."
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, said that tills
indicated nothing at all. With a view to moving
an adjournment, he therefore moved that the com-
mittee rise.
The question was taken and decided in the nega-
tive.
The CHAIR stated that the question before the
committee was, Will the committee consider the
first bill on the calendar ?
The question was taken, and the committee re-
fused to consider that bill, and it was laid aside.
