26
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 10,
committees, reported upon, acted upon,and passed.
The committee in this case report favorably, and
ia precise accordance with the decision of the Su-
preme Court.
Mr. SHIELDS. I desired to have the report
read, and my only object in calling for it was, that
the reading of it might supply the place of argu-
ment on the part of any isenator. I am not ac-
quainted with the details of this report; but I am
well acquainted with a similar case which was
decided on the same principle, and the same allow-
ance of land was granted in the other case as is
proposed to be granted by this bill.
Mr. FELCH. I would like to inquire of the
Senator from Louisiana whether the land for
which compensation is now asked was purchased
from the United States; whether there was a grant
on the part of the United States; or on what
ground the claim rests?
Mr. DOWNS. It is so long since the report
was made by the committee that I cannot pretend
to give the details.
Mr. BERRIEN. I would ask for the reading
of die report.
The report was again read, and also those re-
ports maae in preceding Congresses.
Mr. WALKER. I would like to hear what
proviso the bill contains.
The PRESIDENT. The proviso is, that there
shall be no location upon mineral lands, or lands
reserved for the use of schools, or for military
purposes.
Mr. PELCH. What is the quantity granted
by the bill
The PRESIDENT. Three thousand four hun-
dred arid eighty-five acres.
Mr. WALKER. Is the location of land pro-
posed to be granted to be confined to the State of
Illinois?
The PRESIDENT. There is no provision in
the bill confining; it to the State of Illinois.
Mr. WALKER. I will move, then, to amend
the bill by inserting in the proviso, after the words
"military purposes," the words "or to which
rights of preemption attach."
Mr. SHIELDS. That is the law now.
The PRESIDENT. There is no provision in
the bill requiring the location to be made in the
State of Illinois.
Mr. WALKER. I will move, then, to insert
the words " in the State of Illinois," so that the
land shall be located in that State.
Mr. SHIELDS. I should be sorry to see that
amendment prevail. I believe that this claim is a [
just one, and I think there are some who are in-
terested in it who reside in Iowa and some in Mis- •
souri; and perhaps it may be disadvantageous to '
them not to be able to locate their lands within
either of those States. I have no objection to the
amendment, however, if it is approved by the
Senate.
Mr. WALKER. I believe my amendment is
what is recommended by the committee, and I
like very much to follow their recommendation
when I can.
Mr. CASS. This is a claim which has existed
more tha* fifty years, and a large portion of the
food land of the State of Illinois is now gone. I
o not know why we should confine these claim-
ants to the State of Illinois, since the good land
belonging to the United States is sold. I see no
reason why they should not go anywhere else
where there is public land.
Mr. SHIELDS. I do not wish to annoy the
Senate by a discussion of this question. I take
but little interest in it, except that as I know the
parties and the character of the claim, and I know
that other similar claims have been allowed. The
claim was confirmed by the Government of the
Northwest Territory. That confirmation, when
submitted to a board, was not considered as sus-
tained by proof. Proof, however, was afterwards
found to sustain all these confirmations. I know,
however, that allowances have been made in all
other cases except this one. The land should
have been taken from any part of the Northwest
Territory. I do not understand why the gentle-
man from Wisconsin wishes to confine the loca-
tion to Illinois. Most of the heirs are in Iowa
and Missouri, and it will be more advantageous
to them to locate it there. That is my only rea-
son for opposing the amendment.
Mr. WALKER. I oppose this claim on the
«me principle that I do all such claims. I think
there have been few more odious measures adopted j
by this Government than that of giving these
rights to persons, either in the form of land scrip,
land warrants, or anything else of that sort, to
operate in this manner. There is a great question J
in my mind about the validity of these claims, j
There is about as much to bring my mind to the
conclusion that it never existed in justice, as that
it ever did. But, at all events, it was a local right,
if it be valid, to land within the State of Illinois,
as confirmed by the Territory. Doubts as to the
validity of the claim rendered it impossible for the
individual to avail himself of it then, and perhaps
there is as much reason for the existence of doubts
at the present time. If you give the claimants
now a general floating right to select lands within
the United States where there is public land, you
will place them upon an infinitely better footing
than they were originally. They can certainly
find land incomparably more valuable than that
where the claim was originally located. To give
this floating right will be to allow them to go and
search the public lands of the United States, and
make a location upon lands which will well reward
them for the delay. The remark of the Senator
from Illinois I have no doubt is correct, that most
of the heirs live in Iowa and Missouri. Might ;
not the same be said of the heirs of those who
hold military bounty land scrip, whose case was
brought to the notice of the Senate at the last ses- *
sion by the Senator from Virginia ? And when
the attempt was made then to make a kind of ne-
gotiable assignats for the purchase of public lands
all over the United States, the Senate immediately
put down the idea. True, this is not a claim of
the same magnitude, yet it is a claim to the extent
of some thirty-four or thirty-five hundred acres.
I am opposed to giving these floating rights, but I
shall trouble the Senate no further about the mat-
ter.
Mr. DOWNS. I believe this is not so unusual
a claim as the Senator from Wisconsin seems to
suppose. These floating rights are granted in
many cases. I should Eke to have that Senator
state how a claim situated as this is, is to be satis-
factorily settled unless the claimant be allowed to
make his location of land where he chooses. This
| has been repeatedly done, and it is the only way
| that I can-conceive in which it can be done, and at
! the same time compensate the claimant for the in-
justice done him by the Government in depriving
him of his right for forty years. The land has
passed into other hands, and all the best land has
been located, so that even a floating right would be
far inferior to what it would have been many years
ago. This is the ordinary way of doing justice in
a case of this kind, and I can see no danger nor
impropriety in it. If the Senator from Wisconsin
can suggest any other mode by which this just
claim can be satisfactorily settled now, I am willing
it should be adopted; but I do not see why this
case, so long delayed, so just, and so in accord-
ance jrith repeated reports for a series of years by
various committees of both Houses, and with sev-
eral bills that have passed Congress, should not be
now settled. Why we should become so careful
all at once of interests repeatedly decided upon in
cases precisely parallel, I confess I cannot con-
ceive. I wish only to remark further, that that
part of the report which was read did not contain
the decision of the Supreme Court of the State of
Illinois to which I referred. The confirmation of
the existing Governor of the Territory was con-
clusive. The court so decided.
Mr. DODGER of Iowa. Mr. President, I ap-
peal to my friend from Wisconsin [Mr. Walker]
to withdraw that portion of his amendment which
restricts the claimants in this case to the State of
Illinois, within which to locate the lands to be
granted to them. I have no doubt there are as good
public lands yet to be found in that State as any
other. But it so happens that many of the heirs
of the original claimant in this case reside in Iowa
and Missouri. I am well acquainted with them.
They are my friends, and I feel anxious that jus-
tice may be done them. There are already nu-
merous restrictions in this bill. The claimants
cannot locate on lead mines, salt springs, or any
lands which have not been offered at public sale.
Nor can they interfere with any preemption or
other claimant. If there is doubt on that point I
hope the portion of the amendment protecting pre-
emption claims may be adopted. But I under-
stand there is none. I hope the amendment may
not be adopted, and that the bill may now be
passed in the shape in which it came from the
committee.
Mr. MANGUM. If this claim is valid, I think
it is but just and right that the claimants should be
allowed to locate wherever there are public lands.
As I understand that the persons who are inter-
ested in this bill, and whose claim has been so
long delayed, reside in different States, I think it
fair and reasonable that they should be permitted
to make their location at points most convenient
for themselves, and upon that ground I shall vote
against the amendment.
Mr. CASS. On looking at the report I find
that this claim was for a grant made within the
county of St. Clair, and was signed by Gen. St.
Clair, and countersigned by Gen. William Henry
Harrison, in February, 1799, more than fifty years
ago. There was then no Illinois, nor Indiana,
nor Wisconsin; these were all embraced in the
Northwest Territory. Mr. Gallatin decided that
the grant was not a good one, but the Supreme
Court of Illinois overruled that decision, and deci-
ded that it was good. If the view then taken was
correct, the claim should now be allowed. Why
should it be restricted to the State of Illinois any
more than to the county of St. Clair, where the
grant was first made?
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was not agreed to.
The bill was then reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
SAFETY O'F PASSENGERS.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts,
the Senate proceeded, as in Committee of tlie
Whole, to consider House bill No. 386, being an
act to amend an act entitled " An act to provide
for the better security of the lives of passengers on
board of vessels propelled in whole or in part by
steam."
On motion by Mr. D., it was ordered that the
bill be recommitted to the Committee on Commerce
and printed.
SCHOOL LANDS IN ARKANSAS.
On motion by Mr. BORLAND, the Senate then
proceeded to consider, as in Committee of the
Whole, Senate bill No. 12, being the bill allowing
exchanges of and granting additional school lands
in the State of Arkansas.
A substitute for the entire bill, which had been
reported from the Committee on Public Lands, •
was adopted for the original bill, after a brief ex-
planation by Mr. B.
The bill as amended was then reported to the
Senate, and after undergoing some verbal amend-
ment, the amendment of the committee was con-
curred in, and the bill was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading.
The title was also amended so as to read " A
bill allowing exchanges of, and granting additional
schools lands in the several States which contain
public lands, and for other purposes."
PATENT LAWS.
The hour having arrived for the consideration
of the special orders, the President announced the
first in order to be the bill to amend " An act to
promote the progress of the useful arts."
On the motion of Mr. TURNEY, it was or-
dered that the further consideration thereof be
postponed to Monday next, and that it be made
the special order for that day.
CESSION TO STATES OF PUBLIC LANDS.
The next special order was the bill to cede the
public lands of the United States to the States re-
spectively in which they are situated, on condition
that the said States shall severally grant and con-
vey the said lands to actual occupants only in
limited quantities for cost of survey, transfer, and
title muniments merely.
Mr. FELCH. I move that the further con-
sideration of this bill be postponed to Tuesday
next, and that it be made the special order for that
day-
Mr. WALKER. I think it is now a special
order, and the motion is to continue it a special
order. Supposing that the Senator from Michi-
gan, as chairman of the Committee on Public
Lands, desires to address us on the subject, I am
desirous to hear him, and am willing that the bill
shall be postponed to the day he mentions, that he
may do sow I shall, however, after that day use
