1850.
every possible exertion to facilitate the passage of
the Hill.
The motion to postpone and make the bill the
special order for Tuesday next was then agreed
to.
PUBLIC LANDS IN MISSOURI.
The next special order was the bill to grant to
the State of Missouri a certain quantity of public
land for objects of internal improvement, which,
added to the quantity heretofore granted to that
State for that purpose, shall make it equal to the
quantity heretofore granted to any other State for
tne same purpose.
Mr. BENTON. Mr. President, there has been
another bill drawn up for the same purpose, which
has been sent to the Committee on Public Lands.
It was my design when the committee report upon
that bill to move it as a substitute for this one. I
therefore move to lay this bill upon the table for
thepresent.
Tne motion was agreed to.
FEES OF MARSHALS, &C.
The bill to regulate the fees and costs to be
allowed to clerics, marshals, and attorneys of the
circuit and district courts of the United States and
for other purposes, next came up in order, but in
the absence of the chairman of the Committee on
the Judiciary, on the motion of Mr. BALDWIN,
it was laid upon the table.
LAWS OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
The joint resolution for the revision and amend-
ment of the laws of the District of Columbia was
next in order, but it was also laid upon the table
in consequence of the absence of the chairman
of the Committee on the Judiciary.
CAPTORS OF THE FRIGATE PHILADELPHIA.
The bill for the relief of the captors of the
frigate Philadelphia was next in order, but, on the
motion of Mr. BERRIEN, its further considera-
tion was postponed to Tuesday next, and it was
made the special order for that day.
AGRICULTURAL BUREAU.
The bill to establish an Agricultural Bureau in
the Department of the Interior next came up in
order, but, on the motion of Mr. STURGEON,
its further consideration was postponed to to-mor-
row week, (Wednesday,) and it was made the i
special order for that day. i
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS. ]
On the motion of Mr. MANGUM, the Senate
then proceeded to the consideration of executive
business, and, after some time spent therein, the
doors were reopened, and the Senate adjourned. ,
Tim CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
27
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 11, 1850.
The House met at twelve o'clock. The Jour-
nal of yes'erdav was read and approved.
Mr. SAWTELLE rose to a privileged ques-
tion. He said he found from the published report
of the proceedings yesterday, that his name was
not recorded on the proposition to suspend the
rules to admit the resolution of the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Johnson,] making the
homestead bill a special order. He did vote on
that occasion, and in the affirmative. He desired
that the Journal might be corrected, to accord with
the fact.
The SPEAKER said, there being no objection,
the Journal would be corrected.
On motion by Mr. BOYD, leave was granted
to withdraw from the files of the House the pe-
tition and papers of Rosa Clarke, the widow of
Wm. C. Clarke, for the purpose of reference to
one of the Executive departments. !
OBITUARY.
Mr. POTTER rose and addressed the House as
follows:
Mr. Speaker: I have been assigned, by my
colleagues, the melancholy duty of announcing to
this House the death of one of its members, my
friend and colleague, Amos E. Wood, of the sixth
Congressional district of Ohio. He died at Fort
Wayne, Indiana, on the 19th of November last,
of erysipelas, after an illness of only three days.
Mr. Wood was born at Ellisburg, Jefferson
county, New York, on the 2d of June, 1810. In
1825 he removed with his father to Portage
county, in the State of Ohio, where he remained
until 1833, when his attention was called to the |
rich agricultural lands in northwestern Ohio, and
I he removed to Sandusky county, where he pur-
i chased himself a farm, and cleared it mostly with
his own hands, on which he resided at the time of
his death. He has been twice elected to the Lower !
House, and once to the Senate, in the General As-
sembly of Ohio. From humble but respectable
origin, by the force and energy of his character,
with but a limited education, he raised himself
to an enviable position—socially and politically, i1
Surrounded, as he was, by men of the highest ;
rank in talents and education, he was able, by his ij
perseverance and the fidelity with which he dis- 1
charged the public trusts committed to him by the !
people, to command an unbounded influence. In '
all the important measures originated or discussed
in the Legislature whilst he was a member, his !
influence was felt, and by the zeal with which he
espoused a cause, he was able to carry measures
which older and more experienced heads despaired :
of. The citizens of northwestern Ohio will long 1
; remember with gratitude his devotion to their in- j
terests, and the noble public works which have j
enriched and beautified that region will forever '
stand as monuments of that devotion. He was 1
distinguished for great energy and perseverance, :
joined with the strictest integrity. Whatsoever i
his hands found to do, he did with all his might; '
and although he made no pretensions as a public .
speaker, seldom addressing the House, yet there j
was no one member whose sentiments were better [
understood, or made a more sensible impression
upon his fellow members than his. The earnest- j
ness with which he always acted, left his impress '
upon all he did.
Although often occupying highly responsible
public stations, requiring much of his time, he was
enabled, by the labor of his own hands upon his
farm, to acquire a competency—an achievement
seldom accomplished by servants of the public.
In 1849 he was elected a member of the Thirty-
first Congress, to fill the vacancy occasioned by ,
the death of Rcdolphus Dickinson, who died in i
this city soon after the final adjournment of the |
Thirtieth Congress. j
It is but about two years since he buried his . i
wife, who also died of erysipelas, leaving him in
the sole care of four small children. He was de-
voted to them, and had taken two young daughters i
to Fort Wayne to school, when he was taken ill j
I there. They were present to close his eyes in \
death, and on the following day returned with his
| lifeless body to their orphan home, and saw the
1 grave close upon it forever. Such is life. Hope
springs up in the morning, at evening it is plucked
up, and the heart is left desolate.
Mr. Wood's frank and open manners had en-
deared him to a large circle of friends in this city;
and it is but a just tribute to his worth to say,
that amongst those who differed most widely with
him upon the exciting subjects that for so long a
time agitated and embittered the discussions of the
House, are numbered many of his warmest friends.
These feel and lament his loss; and whilst his
family and neighbors mourn, they must remember
that his loss is not all their own. Many warm
hearts throughout his district, throughout the
State and nation, sympathize with them. This
House sympathizes with them to-day. His loss
comes near to us. He was but yesterday one !
of us. And whilst I would refrain from indulging I
in the reflections that must force themselves upon
every mind at this solemn moment, I Afill pause,
that we all may listen to the voice that ascends
from that vacant seat yonder, " Be ye also ready."
I offer for adoption the following resolutions:
Resolved, That this House has hoard with erit'f the an-
nouncement of the death of the Hon. Amos E. Wood, a
Representative in this body from the Sixth Congressional *
District of Ohio; and, as a token of respect for his char-
acter and public services, the members and officers of this
House will wear the usual badge of mourning for thirty days.
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House be directed to
transmit to the family of Mr. Wood certified copies of
these proceedings.
And, as a further mark of respect for the memory of the
deceased— ;
Resolved, That this House do now adjourn.
The question being put, the resolutions were
unanimously adopted, and
The House adjourned.
" A bill providing a revenue cutter for flie district of Ore-
gon ; and,
" A bill for the establishment of a marine hospital at As-
toria, in the Territory of Oregon."
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees :
By Mr. SWEETSEIt: The petition of Jeremiah Har-
kins, of Delaware county, Ohio.
Also, the petition of James M. Davis and others, of Illi-
nois, praying for additional compensation to registers and
receivers, for locating bounty land warrants.
By Mr. HOWE ; The petition of John Butter and 45
others, citizens of Mercer county, Pennsylvania, praying
Congress forthwith to repeal the law past at the last session
of Congress, approved the 18th day of September, 1850,
commonly styled the " Fugitive Slave Bill."
By Mr. CHANDLER : The memorial of Messrs. Diehl &
Co., asking the assistance of the National Government to
establish and maintain a line of steam mail packets be-
tween the town of Liverpool (England) and the city of
Philadelphia.
By Mr. DISNEY : The memorial of Michael Joyce,
asking for increase of pension.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. THURSTON gave notice, under the rule, of his in-
tention to ask leave, at some future day, to introduce bills
of the following titles: |
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 11, 1850.
Mr. BERRIEN presented the memorial of
William Baynton, asking to be indemnified for
certain merchandise destroyed by the Creek In-
dians in the year 1836; which was referred to the
Committed on Indian Affairs.
Also, a memorial of Calvin B. Seymour, asking
indemnity for merchandise destroyed by the same
nation of Indians in the same year; which was also
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. YULEE presented the memorial of Au-
gustus Steele, asking payment of his salary and
the expenses incurred by him for the hire of boat-
hands while inspector of the customs at St. Mark's,
in Florida; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Also, additional documents in relation to the
claim of Isaac Varus, senior; which were referred
to the Committee of Claims.
MILITARY PUNISHMENTS.
Mr. KALE. I have received, and been re-
quested to present to the Senate, a petition signed
by a number of citizens of Portsmouth, New-
Hampshire, and adjacent towns in that State, in
which they represent that due regard to the honor
and interests of our country, and to the security
of the personal rights of all persons now enlisted,
or who may hereafter enlist in the service of the
United States, require that the acts of Congress
establishing rules and regulations for the govern-
ment of the Army of the United States need revis-
ion and amendment. They represent that many
punishments provided by law are disproportioned
to the offences, and that large disbursements from
the public Treasury are made to defray the ex-
penses of courts-martial holden for the trial of pet-
ty misdemeanors. They further state that it has
recently been made known to them that courts-
martial inflict upon privates in the army punish-
ments so severe and cruel as to outrage the feelings
of humanity. They state that the law which au-
thorized the infliction of corporal punishment,
except in case of desertion, by stripes and lashes,
has been repealed, but certain courts-martial evade
the intention of the repealing act by punishing
corporally with heavy instruments of torture far
more intolerable than the lash. They declare that
it cannot be believed that in the nineteenth centu-
ry, the degradation of the man can have a tendency
to make him a better soldier. They therefore
suggest the propriety of a code of laws for the reg-
ulation of the army and the navy abolishing in-
human punishments, defining more specifically
the duties of commanding officers as well as pri-
vates, and the authority and duties of courts-
martial, and of subjecting their decisions, in time
*>f peace at least, to the supervision of the judicial
tribunals of the United States.
I will state that this petition had its origin in the
proceedings of a court-martial, recently holden at
Portsmouth, New Hampshire, at which the sen-
tence of the court was so severe as to excite in the
community feelings of indignation. I will read
that sentence. It was, that this private soldier
should " forfeit all pay and allowance, except such
' clothing as may be necessary for one year; to
' wear a twenty-four pound ball and chain attached
' to his leg, a band of iron about his neck contain-
' ing seven prongs, each prong seven inches long;
< to be confined in charge of a guard at hard labor
