1850.
THE C6NGRESSIONAL GLOBl.
31
(Mr. Campbell, of Kenfucky,) who had been long i
connected with the Post Office Department here,
and understood the system. He went to Texas, ■
and in the course of two or three months brought ■
the postal system there to a state of perfection, and j
it went on well afterwards. !
Mr. CARTTERn(resuming*.) There is another
consideration in connection with this matter. If
we succeed in running the mail service into the
interior of California, and putting down the sys-
tem of private expresses, we epen at the same time
a more secure channel for the transmission of the
gold that is extracted from the mines, than private
enterprise; for it can then be placed under the pro-
tection of the Post Office Department, and be not
subjected to the uncertainty tljat now attends it.
>ow, what is this proposition? It is proposed
by the Postmaster General to receive" the bids for
mail service in California, where they ought to be
received, and thus to open up to the enterprise of
the citizens of that State a competition in this line.
This is the only way in which this service can be
performed. Nobody on this side of the continent
can be prepared to enter into the undertaking of
transmitting the mails into the interior of Califor-
nia. •
Thus far postal facilities have been only carried
to the door of that young State. We have not
entered it as yet. I hold that we are bound to do
it, and that Major Hobbie, of all other men, is
the man to do it. He is not a politician. He is
not one of those who have come up here for the
purpose of making speculations out of the Treas-
ury, but he is an old, long-tried, and faithful ser-
vant of the public. He has served under Admin-
istrations of every political character, and comes
here indorsed t>y a political opponent as the ap-
propriate agent for this purpose. The Postmaster
General himself recommends this gentleman, who
has retained his connection with this Department
under successive Administrations, by his integrity,
fidelity, and wisdom. For this reason I am dis- .
posed to vote for him, and I hope that other gen- I
tlemen, laying aside their political prejudices, will |
do likewise. I
Mr. PHELPS, If my colleague tad been j
aware of the manner in which the post office ser-
vices had been put into operation, and had fully
understood the provisions of this resolution, I
think he would not have been opposed to it.
During the last Congress authority was given to
the Postmaster General to provide for the estab-
lishment of mail services upon the western coast
of this continent. He delegated that authority to
an agent, who was sent to San Francisco, and
under the provisions of that act, that agent had
authority to establish temporary post service be-
tween various places in California and in Oregon;
in other words, " the service was performed "
upon such terms as the-agent of the Post Office
Department in California might think proper, sub-
ject to the approval of the Postmaster General.
There were no post routes established in Cali- ;
fornia until near the close of the last session of Con- i
gress, (I mean established by law,) when many 1
post roads were established in that State, and .
were embraced in the 'general act establishing post I
roads. j
That act passed at so late a day that it was !
impossible for the Postmaster General to execute I
it, and require proposals to be received in this ,
city, and establish that service so as to meet the
demands of that country. The advertisement for :
proposals for mail service must be published for j
at least twelve weeks in the State or Territory
where the service is to be performed, before the
Postmaster General can enter jinto any contract ,
for permanently carrying the mail. If the Post-
master General had not pursued the course which i
he has done in this case, I am satisfied that the j
post routes in California and Oregon established
at the last session of Congress would not have
been put in operation until some time next fall.
I am furthermore satisfied, that by pursuing the
course which is prescribed by this resolution,
there will be a saving to the Department; because
this temporary mail service is performed for the
Government at a much higher rate than it will be
performed if these contracts are" let out to the low-
est bidder. This resolution only proposes a tem-
porary appointment. It proposes that the agent
to perform this duty shall only hold the appoint-
ment for the term of six months. If it was to be a
permanent provision, I would oppose it; but, from
the necessity of the case, I feel bound to sustain
this resolution, and I believe that it will accom-
plish a saving to the Government far greater than
the amount of salary which may be'paid to this
agent. For these reasons I am in favor of the
passage of the resolution.
Mr. GILBERT. 1 hope the House will adopt
this resolution. I am indebted to the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Phelps] for the statement
which he has made in regard to the postal ar-
rangements now existing in California, and I can
certify that it is correct. Under the system which
at present prevails there, men at the mines have
had to pay from forty to fifty dollars for a single
to receive bids for carrying the mails within the
State of California; but I have a decided objection,
and I wish it to be known that I have such ob-
jection to any man—no matter who he may be,
Whig or Democrat—being sent to reside at San
Francisco for the purpose of receiving bids for
carrying the mails within the Territory of Oregon.
I hope that the Territory of Oregon is able to take
care of herself. There are men in the Territory
of Oregon as competent to discharge these duties
as any man in the States, and, sir, the last place
on God Almighty's earth that I would wish to
see selected as the place for the residence of a pub-
lic officer to conduct the business of the Oregon
letter. Under the system of private expresses, ! Territory, is San Francisco. The post office at
...i .i j .i 1 -*• '• • •' i San Francisco, it is well known, is a common
tomb, out of which a large part of the matter that
i enters never emerges, and the officers in Califor-
nia, and at San Francisco, attend to speculations
instead of attending to the business of their offices.
Now, sir, what are the facts? The Postmaster
General has just commissioned and sent to the
Territory of Oregon, a gentleman for the special
purpose of going through the country to organ-
ize a postal system there, and that agent is now
in the Territory of Oregon. That agent is Mr.
Ferguson, a clerk who has been in the Post Office
Department for eighteen years, and who has now
: been sent out by this liberal Postmaster General
for the purpose of surveying and organizing the
Territory, and informing the Department here of
the wants of the people of Oregon in respect to
Now, on the very back
where they do not have letters enough to pay them
for making the trip, or where there is only one
letter, that letter has to pay the whole expense
and profit of the trip from the mines to San Fran-
cisco.
The difficulty in this case is, that the advertise-
ment has already been issued at San Francisco,
that the contracts are to be made there; but unless
there is such a provision as this resolution con-
templates, the whole matter will have to come
back to Washington; and the delay that must en-
sue before proper postal arrangements can be
made for that State will be vexatious and exceed-
ingly oppressive.
The people of California, so far as the payment
of postage is concerned, though they feel the dis-
crimination that has been made against them, are
yet satisfied to pay higher prices than any people postal accommodations,
in the Union; but they want a system of postal of that-
arrangements by which they can receive their
u receive
mails regularly, and by whicn they can be dis
senunated to every point in the mines throughout
the country. That is not the case now; although
they pay more postage, perhaps, than the same
number of people in any other State, yet they
have the most wretched and inefficient system.
With regard to the gentleman whom this reso-
lution names, Mr. Hobbie, I concur in the senti-
ments expressed by the honorable gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Cartter.} I believe that if he is sent
there, his ability, his knowledge, and his known
practical experience in matters of this sort, will
enable him to restore that system to a proper
basis. I hope, then, that the House will bepleased
to adopt the resolution.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania. I think
this question is very well understood now, and in
order to determine it I move the previous question.
Mr. THURSTON. I hope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will allow me to say one word first,
i (Cries of "Enough said," and "go on.")
| Mr. THOMPSON, As the gentleman only
: wants to make a short speech, I will yield to him,
and he can renew the motion before he sits down.
Mr. THURSTON then said: Mr. Speaker, I
hope that this resolution may not be passed. I
have long been apprised of a project on foot here
to create the office of a Second Assistant Postmas-
ter General for Oregon and California, who shall
reside and hold office at San Francisco. I know
that that project has been originated in California;
that an agent has been sent on here from Califor-
nia, who has recommended to the Postmaster Gen-
eral the creation of the office of Second Assistant
Postmaster Genera], to be located at San Fran-
cisco, and whose duty it shall be to preside over
and manage the whole of the mail matters of the
Pacific coast.
Mr. POTTER, (interposing.) I wish to inquire
of the gentleman from Oregon whether the Post- the resolution.
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana, (interposing.) I
beg leave to correct the gentleman from Oregon.
I think he is entirely mistaken about the mission
of Mr. Ferguson. I understand that he is going
there for a very different object.
Mr. THURSTON, (resuming.) Sir, I under-
stand and knrno that such is his object. The
Postmaster General told me that he had sent Mr.
Ferguson there with a commission in his pocket
1 for this very object. That is what I know. That
fentlemail is sent out there to consult with the
'ost Office agent now in the Territory, to ascer-
I tain what the wants of the Territory are, and
, report all the facts of the case to the Department
j here, and then the Department will take such ac-
tion as they may think proper.
Now, if you send an agent there, who shall re-
side at San Francisco, Oregon will be as much
II unattended to as if hevwas located in the very
centre of the country. If you will amend your res-
olution, so that Major Hobbie will take care of
the State of California only, I have no objection
to it. We have had a man sent out already to
take care of the Territory of Oregon, and the peo-
ple of Oregon much prefer to do their business
directly with the Post Office Department here,
than to do it with any man at San Fransisco, no
matter who he may be; for we know 
I Mr. POTTER. I call the gentleman to order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Oregon
will please to suspend his remarks until the point
of order is decided.
Mr. THURSTON. Let the gentleman state
his point of order.
! Mr. POTTER. There is no proposition before
! the House requiring any agent to reside at San
i Francisco. The gentleman is basing his argu-
! ment upon the ground that this resolution requires
\ an agent of the Post Office Department to reside
: at San Francisco. There is no such provision in
master General has power to appoint a Second
Assistant Postmaster General to reside at San
Francisco ?
Mr. THURSTON. I have not come to that
part of the subject yet; but I say that this is noth-
ing more than a precursor to a law based on the 1
recommendation of the special agent from Califor-'
nia, to create the office of Second Assistant Post-
master General for the Pacific coast. And, sir, I
wish to be understood in advance, in relation to
this matter; and if there is a single man within !
the compass of this Hall favorable to the Territory
of Oregon, I ask him to strike down in the j
viery beginning every project of this kind. I, :
sir, here in my place enter my most solemn pro- !
test against the Territory of Oregon being made
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not consider
that a good point of order. The gentleman from
Oregon is addressing himself to the resolution be-
fore the House.
Mr. POTTER. But his remarks are not rele-
1 vant to the Bubject before the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not prepared
to rule the remarks of the gentleman from Oregon
out of order as irrelevant.
Mr. PHELPS, (Mr. Thurston yielding the
floor.) With the permission of the gentleman
from Oregon, I Will state that I differ with him in
the information which I have received relative to
the appointment of Mr. Fergusgn. I learn that
he carries in his pocket a commission as agent,
temporarily appointed to see to the mail service as
tributary, in any the least degree, to the State of, he travels to Oregon. But I also learn that, upon
California. I have no objection to your sending I his arrival in the Territory of Oregon, he takes
Major Hobbie, or any other man into California [ his place as agent of a steamboat company; and I
