36
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 12,
lie over on that account, I will take the pains to
look among the papers. The paper which has
been referred to is not a contract; it is the report
of Gen. Jesup, in which he says that he promised
these Indians that they should be placed upon the
same footing as white volunteers in regard to pen-
sions. If the gentleman desires the bill to lie
over, I shall not object to it; though I would much
prefer that it should be acted upon at once.
Mr. FELCH. I do not wish to oppose any
objection to the bill; but as the merits of the case
are involved in the paper to which the Senator has
referred, I wish it to lie over until that can be
found. I therefore move that the bill lie on thfe
tabV for the present.
The motion was agreed to.
BILLS PASSED.
The following engrossed bills were severally
read a third time and passed: *
A bill allowing exchanges of and granting addi-
tional school lands in the several States which con-
tain public lands, and for other purposes;
A bill lor the ret:ef of Allen E. Johnson;
A bill for the relief of Brevet Major H. L.
Kendrick; and
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Jolin Rice Jones, deceased.
RECESS.
Mr. BADGER. I desire to submit to the
Senate the usual motion on this day, at this period
of the session, that when the Senate adjourns to-
day, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. WALKER. I wish to ask if there is any
special reason for adjourning over until Monday ?
Ii seems to me that our business is in a condition
which would allow us to progress with it without
delay. I can see no reason why we should not
work on Friday and Saturday as well as any
other working days. For one, I feel disposed to
get through with as much of the business that re-
mained from the last session as possible, and
would prefer sitting here and discharging my
duties to adjourning over. For one, I can see no
object to be attained by an adjournment.
Mr. BADGER, (jocularly.) I have, as the
Senator from Wisconsin well knows, an exceed-
ing anxiety to discharge my duties here, and if
there is one quality for which I am more distin-
guished than any other, it is utter repugnance to the
least proclivity to indolence. I beheve the motion
that I offer is one that is due to a long-established
custom of the Senate. I beheve that in .this body
it is without example that any real progress should
be made in the laborious business to be done,
however anxious, as we know all are, to accom- ' i
plish it, before the Christmas holidays. After |'
that period has passed, in consequence of the self-
denial that we are obliged to undergo previous to
that, we come to our labor with a disposition on
the part of all to give our whole attention to the
work before us; and those especially, who are
always desirous to work, come here after the
Christmas holidays ready to devote themselves
zealously to such labor as the interest of the
country may require. But there is no instance,
as iny friend will find, if he will examine the
journals of the Senate, for the meeting of the Sen-
ate for the dispatch of business, on Fridays or
Saturdays, previous to the Christmas holidays.
We are now in the condition, with regard to these
holidays, that boys are who are preparing to
signalize themselves by their agility in the ordi-
nary contest of jumping. Previous to these holi-
days we have Ahe weights in our hands, and are
standing and swaying ourselves backward and
forward, in order to make a large and successful
leap forward. Much would be lost by yielding at
this time to our exceeding anxiety to engage at
once in the arduous duties before us, and losing
this preparatory course, which has been hereto-
fore found so advantageous. These are the rea-
sons which I have to ofler to my friend from
Wisconsin why my motion should prevail, and
especially do I commend to his consideration the
reason which respects the usages of the body; and
I hope we shall carefully avoid all needless de-
partures from them.  
Mr. WALKER. I feel myself very nearly
overwhelmed by the reasons offered by my friend
from North Carolina 
Mr. BADGER. Give it up, then.
Mr. WALKER. But when I can divest my- ,
•elf of the peculiar effect produced by his eloquence, j
and take a calm and dispassionate view of the ar-
gument he has offered,! am led to think that the '
reasons he has given apply solely to himself; and [
therefore I feel that the other members of the Sen- ,
ate may proceed with business. And, that the
discharge of our duties may not be interrupted, ,
and at the same time that the Senator from JN orth
Carolina may not have his disposition to take a
little leisure affected or restricted, I will, before I
make the motion to lay his motion on the table, if
he desires it, ask leave of absence for him on Fri-
days and Saturdays until after the Christmas
holidays.
Mr. BADGER. That would be the most un-
generous motion the Senator could offer; for, in
die first place, I am in the habit of nwking this
motion as an act of self-denial. It is an effort of
self-abnegation. It is a practical exercise of that
important duty to yield our own inclinations; it is
surrendering our own individual judgments as to
what might appear to us at first sight to be right
in a respectful deference to the wisdom of those
who established the usages of this body. It is but
following the precedent set us by the judiciary in
this respect, a precedent which the Senate has al-
ways followed, whether it is wise to do so or not.
Now, as to the suggestion of the Senator that he
will move for leave of absence on my part, he for-
gets that the consequence of that absence would be
disastrous to me, because the effect would be to
stop the per diem; and that I know the Senator
would not like to suffer himself, and he should not
inflict on me or others what he would thus object
to suffering himself.
Mr. WALKER. I now move to lay the mo-
tion of the Senator from North Carolina on the
table.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. On that motion I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken were as follow:
TEAS—Messrs. Berrien, Borland, Bradbury, Cass,
Chase, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Downs,
Felch, Hamlin, Hunter, Jones, King, Morton, Seward,
Smith, Spruance, Sturgeon, Underwood, Walker, and
Whitcomb—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Butler, Clarke, Clemens,
Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Mississippi, Dayton,
Dickinson, Ewing, Foote, Hale, Mangum, Miller, Norns,
Pearce, Shields, Turney, Lphaiii, Win tlirop, and Yulee—21.
So the motion to lay on the table was not
agreed to.
i The question then recurred on the original mo-
tion.
Mr. WALKER called for the yeas and nays,
but they were not ordered. -
j The motion was then agreed to, Mr. Walker
i remarking that there was evidently a greater num-
ber of yeas than on the preceding motion.
PUBLICATIONS FOR SENATORS.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Jones on the 10th instant, came up for consider-
ation: ' *
Resolved, That daring the present and for every futnre
session, each Senator be furnished with such news-
papers and publications as he shall select, not to exceed in
amount per annum the cost of four daily papers.
Mr. JONES. The object, Mr. President, of
the resolution which I have offered is merely to
direct that the newspapers which are ordered at
the commencement of each session be continued
to each Senator during the interim between the
sessions of Congress as well as during the sittings
thereof. It is well known that these newspapers
are generally sent off to our constituents, and I
was surprised that my own did not come to me as
usual after I reached my home after the late long
session. I wished to see how the doings of the
session of Congress had been received by the peo-
ple; but as the usual means of furnishing me with
this information was cut off, by the suspension in
the receipt of these newspapers, I had either to or-
der their continuance for the remaining two months
or to be deprived of them, as my constituents (to
whom I would have sent them, as I do all that I
subscribe for, as well as .those furnished me by
Congress) would also have been.
The adoption of this resolution will save the of-
ficers of the Senate and ourselves much trouble in
ordering, at the commencement of each session,
the newspapers, &c., to which we are entitled.
My object, too, is to subserve the interests of my
constituents as well as to enlighten myself as to
the views of our people.
The resolution was agreed to.
SLAVERY IN THE TERRITORIES.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the special orders. The first was the following
resolution, submitted by Mr. Houston on the 14th
January last:
Whereas the Congress of the United States, possessing
only a delegated authority, have no power aver the subject
of negro slavery within the limits of the Uuited States, either
to prohibit or interfere with it in the States, Territories, or
Distnct where, by municipal law, it now exists, or to estab-
lish it in any State or Territory where it does not exist; but
as an assurance and guarantee to promote harmony, quiet
apprehension, and remove sectional prejudice, which, by
possibility, might impair or weaken love and devotion to
the Union in any part of the country, it is hereby
Resolved, That, as the people in Territories have the same
inherent right of self-government as the people in the States,
if, in the exercise of such inherent right, the people in the
newly acquired Territories, by the annexation of Texas and
the acquisition of California and New Mexico, south of the
parallel of thirty-six degrees and thirty minutes of north lat-
itude, extending to the Pacific ocean, shall establish negro
slavery or prohibit it, such establishment or prohibition of
negro slavery, in the formation of their State governments,
shall be deemed no objection to their admission as a State
or States into the Union, in accordance with the Constitu-
tion of the United States.
Mr. SEWARD (in the absence of Mr. Hous-
ton) moved that the resolution lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
DIPLOMATIC RELATIONS WITH AUSTRIA.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the following resolution, submitted by Mr. Cass
the 24th of December last:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Relations be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of suspending-dip-
ljiniatic relations with Austria.
Mr. BADGER. Will not the statute of limita-
tions apply to that? [Laughter.]
Mr. CASS. Well, sir, I defer to the statute.
The resolution was laid upon the table.
DISPOSITION OF THE PUBLIC LANDS.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Webster the 22d January last: .
Resolved, That a provision ought to be made by law that
every male citizen of the United States, and every male
person who has declared his intention of becoming a citizen,
according to the provisions of law, of twenty-one years of
age or upwards, shall be entitled to enter upon and take
any one quarter section of the public lands which may be
left open to entry at private sale, for the purposes of resi-
dence and cultivation; and that when such citizen shall
have resided on the same land for three years, and culti-
vated the same, or, if dying in the mean time, residence
and cultivation shall be held and earned on by his widow,
or his heirs or devi.iees, for the space of full three year?
i from and after making entry of such land, such residence
and cultivatton for the said three years to be completed
within four years of the tee of such entry, then a patent
to issue for the same to the person making such entry, if
living, or otherwise to his heirs or devisees, as the case
I may require: Provided, nevertheless, That such person so
I entering and taking the quarter section, as aforesaid, shall
i not have, nor shall his devisees or heirs have, any power
to alienate such land, nor create any title thereto, in Jaw or
equity, by deed, transfer, lease, or any other conveyance,
except by devise by will.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS,
Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee on til 9
Public Lands.
BILL FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives by Mr. Young, their Clerk:
Mr. President : The House of Representatives have
passed the bill from the Senate for the relief of Gamaliel
Taylor, late matshal of the district of Indiana, and Ins
sureties, with an amendment, in which they request the
concurrence of the Senate.
REMOVALS FROM OFFICE.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the following resolution, which came up amongst
the special orders on the calendar:
Resohed, That the President be requested to cause to
be laid before the Senate all charges which have been pre-
ferred or filed in any of the Departments against individ-
uals who have been removed from office since the 4th day
of March last, with a specification of the cases, if any, in
which the officers charged have had opportunity to be
heard, and a statement of the number of removals made
under each Department, including subordinates in the cus-
tom-houses and other branches of the public service.
Mr. BRADBURY. Mr. President, a day was
fixed at the last session of Congress for taking a
vote upon this resolution; but in consequence of
the unexpected and melancholy event, the decease
of the Chief Magistrate, which was announced
on that day, no vote was taken. One of the in-
quiries embraced in the resolution, becomes now
inappropriate, if not improper, by reason of the
entire change of the Cabinet that made the re-
movals referred to, thereby leaving no person to
I, respond to the inquiry as to the cause for which
