38
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 12,
removals that were made by the last Administra-
tion, and go under all the disadvantages under
which that Administration will labor by the death
of its chief, and by the dispersion of its members.
Still, I believe that that Administration will stand
vindicated by the country against all the unfavor-
able inferences which may be drawn from the man-
ner in which the subject will go before them.
Mr. EWING. Mr. President, the honorable
Senator from Maine has given a very special ex-
planation of the reason why he did not bring his
resolution to a vote at the last session. Allow
me, however, to say, that if he had been really in
earnest, if he had desired to come to a vote, it was
clearly within his power to have pressed it to a
vote. I noticed the progress of the resolution,
and I noticed there was a great deal of yielding to
the pressure of circumstances on the part of that
gentleman. The resolution was quite imposing in
appearance, and proposed in a manner somewhat
imposing. But, now, as I have observed, the
reasons for these removals cannot be answered,
but must be left to conjecture. The Senator, how-
ever, says that I am here and may answer. He
instances as a subject of complaint the removal of
three thousand four hundred postmasters in a
rear. What does the honorable Senator suppose
know about the removal of postmasters ? What
does he suppose I ever had to do with them ? The
honorable Senator evidently knows as much and
more about them than I do. He seems to know j
how many were removed in a single year, which
I never knew, and do not now know except from
his statement.
The honorable Senator inquires whether I wish
to be understood as saying that these removals
were made for other than political causes. I can-
not answer as to a majority or all of the removals.
Many of them were made because the individuals
were not worthy, independently of political causes.
Many more were made because the individuals
appeared to have obtained their appointments for
110 other merit than political services, and to pre-
serve them upon no other tenure than those ser-
vices. The honorable Senator says that at the
commencement of General Jackson's administra-
tion there were but some four hundred removals
of postmasters. He does not name the number
of other officers removed in the first year of that
Administration. I admit that the number of re-
movals of postmasters and other officers was much j
less than under the late Administration. But why?
Because the predecessor of General Jackson had
not surrounded himself with a host of political
partisans, whose business was to sustain and sup-
?ort his Administration and aid in his reelection.
Ie had appointed correct men—men fit for the
execution of their official duties; men whom there
could be no cause to remove, except for political
causes. And of the number of existing officers at <
that time but a small proportion were friends of j
the past and opponents of the incoming Adminis-
tration. When General Jackson came into power
he found the offices of the country largely in the
hands of his political partisans; but on the incom-
ing of the past Administration almost every man
that was in office was an adherent, and a warm [
adherent, of the previous Administration. All the
public offices were in the hands of the opponents
of General Taylor, and the laws which he was
bound to execute would have to be executed by
officers, if he failed to change them, who were his
earnest and determined opponents; men who had
received office as a reward for opposing him, and
who held their gffices upon the tenure of this op-
position. This was the difference in the state of:
things on the incoming of the two Administrations.
But should any man take the number of officers
at the incoming of General Jackson Vadministra-
tion; take the number in office that were opposed
to him, and the number of his friends and adhe-
rents in office: and take the number of officers that
existed at the incoming of the past Administration,
take the number in office opposed to that Adminis-
tration, and the number in favor of it, and strike
a balance between the two by the rules of propor-
tion, the late Administration will compare most
favorably with that of General Jackson or any
subsequent Administration upon that side.
I have bo doubt that these things are now per- i
fectly understood by the public. I have no ques- j
tion that the people at large generally know the j
truth of the case. I have no doubt that the people j!
at l*rge know just about as much in relation to the j |
number of removals made by the last Administra-
tion as I do, or as the honorable Senator from
Maine does. And I have no possible objection to
the record being made out, and a document printed
circulating and diffusing it. I have no objection
to the Senator's resolution at all. I spoke of this
merely to call public attention to the circumstances i
—to let the nation see why this subject was not
pressed during the last session of Congress, and
why it is proposed now. And I have made these
few brief remarks to call attention to the different
condition of things existing at the time referred to
by the honorable Senator, and at the incoming of
the past Administration. Let the comparison be
made, and I have no doubt at all that a just public
opinion will show that General Taylor was lenient
to public officers whose political opinions differed
from his.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Mr. President, I have
a few words to say on this subject, and I wish
first to do an act of justice to my friend from
Maine, [Mr. Bradburt.] I feel that it is a duty
I owe to defend him from the unjust imputation
boldly made by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Ewing.] He charges the Senator from Maine,
with insincerity in offering his resolution at the
last session calling for the number of removals
from office under the late Administration, and ftie
charges upon which they were made, and says
that he did not press or desire to press it to a vote
whilst that Cabinet was in existence and ready to
answer the call. This, sir, I know to be unjust.
I bear evidence here, as a man and a Senator, that
he pressed a vote on this resolution, with all the
zeal and determination that any Senator could
have evinced. More than that: I believe I was
myself, perhaps, the unconscious instrument of
preventing a vote upon his resolution. I had the
floor, and was pressed to make what would, in
all probability, have been the last speech on it.
The compromise measures were before the Senate,
and the venerable and distinguished Senator from
Kentucky [Mr. Clay] did me the honor to come
to my seat, and make a personal appeal to me to
decline and forego what he esteemed to be a mere
partisan discussion until after the passage of those
great measures which it was hoped would give
peace to the country. I well remember he gave it
as his opinion that the resolution would not be
answered if adopted. Under these circumstances,
I yielded the floor, against the wishes of the Sena-
tor from Maine, who was anxious to bring his
resolution to a vote. I did not then, nor do I
now, doubt that it would have been passed but
for the cause stated by the Senator from Maine—
the death of the late President upon the day upon
which it was to have been finally considered.
The assertion, therefore, of the Senator from
Ohio, that the Senator from Maine did not desire,
or that a majority of the Senate did not desire,
a vote on that resolution is incorrect. With all
due deference to the Senator from Ohio, I think I
may be permitted to say that my means of know-
ing the motives and actions of Senators in this
proceeding were quite as good, if not better than
his. I was a member of the body at the time, and
he was not. i
The Senator from Ohio says that he cannot be :
expected to answer for the removals of the post- :
masters referred to by the Senator from Maine. I
No, sir, no—he ought not to be. On that score I I
humbly conceive that that Senator has sins enough j
of his own to answer for; and as he is on this j
floor, and has chosen to engage in this discussion, I
dealing liberally with the motives and conduct of j
others, I trust it may not be deemed inappropriate i
in me to ask some account from him of the regis-
ters, receivers, marshals, district attorneys, and
other officers placed under his kindly care as Sec-
retary of the Interior, about the 4th of March,
1849, leaving to the heads of other Departments of
that Administration which had " no friends to rer
ward and no enemies to punish" to account for
what was done by them. Sir, if memory, truth,
history, and everything is not at fault, no man of
that Administration, or of any Administration, ever
wielded the guillotine with more merciless severity
than did the Senator from Ohio. He struck down
without giving them an opportunity of defence,
every land officer, save one, in Iowa. All in Min-
nesota; all in Wisconsin; all in Illinois; all in
Missouri; all in Indiana; all in Michigan; all in
Arkansas, Louisiana, Mississippi, and Alabama—
I believe of every grade and character that be-
longs to his Department—had their heads brought
to the block.
Of those who were thus beheaded by the Sena-
tor from Ohio in my State, I can say that more
faithful, honest, capable officers, or upright citi-
zens, never held place under any Government. No
man has had the hardihood even to insinuate that
thev were guilty of malfeasance in office, of un-
faithfulness to their duties, or of anything other
than the expression of their honest sentiments and
opinions as men and as Ameriean freemen. Sir,
I ask the Senator to tell for what crime these offi-
cers in Iowa, my friends, were removed ? If it be
for their opinions. I am ready as thay are to admit
that they are Democrats; and if the removals were
made for that cause, candor and justice require
that it should be sostated. But, sir, knowing that
neither scandal, nor infamy, nor one-sided repre-
sentations, can impugn the characters of any of
these gentlemen, if I am answered, I am sure it
will be with the vague, indefinite, and anti-Amer-
ican charge of their having interfered in elections.
But, according to Whig ethics, this is only a crime
when perpetrated by a Democrat, to prove which
it is only necessary to cite the fact, that the most
rabid and bitter partisans—the Whig electors—
with the dust of the canvass yet upon them, were
the first to be rewarded with the spoils in Iowa.
But allow me to refer to another case, to illus-
trate the injustice and ex parte character of this
Whig rule for the removal of such officers as in-
terfere with elections; and in doing so I trust I
shall do violence-to the feelings of no one, as noth-
ing is further from my intention.
The district attorneys, I believe, all belonged to
the Department of the Interior, over which the
Senator presided. I believe, very soon after taking
charge of that Department, he removed every dis-
trict attorney in America, save the late John Nor-
vell,* of Michigan, who was more conspicuous
for having interfered in the presidential election of
1848 than any other office-holder in America.
Mr. Norvell was not only removed, but renom-
inated to the Senate at the expiration of his term
of service; and that, too, after an interference in
elections with which all America was made ac-
quainted by means of the telegraphic wires and
the newspapers.
A word now as to the proscription of the late
Administration generally. Sir, in point of num-
bers and violence, there has never been anything
to equal it in any or. all the Administrations put
together; and what makes it worse, and more un-
natural than any other that has ever marked the
history of the country, is the severity with which
it has fallen upon those gallant patriots who,quit-
ting the pursuits of civil and quiet life, rushed to
the standard of their country in the late war with
Mexico, and by their heroism and valor did so
much to maintain the honor of the American
arms, and to enable the late President to acquire,
those laurels which he so nobly won, and for
which a grateful people elevated nim to the first
office within their gift. Look at the manner in
which Lane and Weller were hunted down on
the Pacific coast—-pursued with indecent haste
around nearly half the circumference of the globe—
stripped of their commissions, and humbled in the
presence of som^of the enemy whom their valor
had contributed to conquer, and for no other of-
fence than their political sentiments! Nothing in
the history of the constantly-recurring revolutions
and proscriptions of the miserable oligarchy of
Mexico, in my judgment, equals the proscription
of these distinguished men and patriots, and the
attempts that have been made to injure them, in
order to justify their removal. The vengeance of
the successful chieftains, Paredes or Herrera, can
furnish nothing to equal it. •
Mr. WALKER. The Senator from Ohio con-
cluded both of the speeches with which he enter-
tained us this morning with the expression of the
desire that they might go to the country. The
burden of his first was to charge the Senator from
Maine with having introduced a resolution calling
for the removals made, together with the causes
for which they were made, and then abandoning
or shuffling off the responsibility of pressing a
vote upon that resolution until the Administration
had gone out of power, and of now coming for-
* Mr. Norvell telegraphed to every State that Gen. Cass
had sent McClelland, of Michigan, to Wilmot, of Pennsyl-
vania, with a pledge thjt he (Cass) was for th« (so-called)
" Wilmot proviso."
