1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
89
ward and calling for the number of removals aim- I
ply, without asking for the causes of them. I |
was impressed with the belief, and I believe every >
Senator in the Chamber was impressed with the !
belief, that he endeavored to charge the Senator i
' from Maine and those on this side of the Chamber j
with having a disposition to avoid the responsi-1
bility of hearing the number of removals, together [
with the causes for them. The triumphant man- ■
ner in which he spoke impressed me with the be-
lief that he intended to be understood by the Sen-
ate and the country as saying that he would at
any time have Keen willing, if the Senator from
Maine had dared to receive it, to give the names,
the number of those removed, and the causes for
their removal; but that he only opposed that reso-
lution because thrall was confined to the list, and
not to the causes ,WI would ask that Senator if, at
any period during the last session after he came
here, or any period during the time he was a
member of the Cabinet, he would have been will-
ing to give a list of the removals, and the causes
for which they were made? I do not believe he
would. I have some evidence that Senators on
that side of the Chamber would have been unwill-
ing to do so; for I find on the floor this mornings
a direct conflict between the boast of the Senator
from Ohio and what has been said by the Senator
from New York, [Mr. Sewakd.] The Senator
from New York said that he would not have voted
for the resolution of the Senator from Maine, in
the form in which it was first introduced, but
would vote for this. Thus we see, on the one
hand, this triumphant claim on the part of the
Senator from Ohio, and a willingness at any time
to give a list of the removals, and the causes for
which they were made; and on the other side the
declaration of the Senator from New York that
he never would have voted for the resolution
which demanded the causes of the removal.
I wish this inconsistency to be seen by thecoun-
try. I wish the Senator from Ohio to tell us if he
intended to be thus understood by the Senate and
the country; and if he did thus wish to be under-
stood, let him tell us whether he would have been
willing ever to vote for that resolution calling for
the causes of the removals. I wish the resolution
to call for the causes of these removals. I would
ppt give a fig for a mere list of the removals with-
out the causes for which they were made accom-
. panying them. The intelligent people of this coun-
try need no list of removals. Every neighborhood
knows full well the number of removals. They
take but little interest in that matter. But they
do wish to know the causes for which their friends
were slaughtered down. I wish to know whether
they were guillotined for causes which involved
moral turpitude or official delinquency. I don't
know whether the Senator would consent to give
us his answer, whether he would have voted for
the resolution as it was originally introduced. If
he would, then he makes an issue with the Sena-
tor from New York, [Mr. Seward.] If not, he
should withdraw the triumphant and implied boast
that he would at any time havegivenus thecauses
of the removals with the list of them, if we had
dared to venture to call for them.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I was about to
suggest that there was a very wiqp provision with
regard to this subject at the last session, and to
recommend to the Senate to take the same course
at this session, and that was, to set apart Friday
and Saturday, and have an express understanding
that nobody but tly speakers are expected to at-
tend, except some five or six members and the
President, so that the subject may be discussed
understanding^. That will be vastly more inter-
esting to the Senate and quite as much for the good
ofWie country.
I know something about this being decapitated.
I have undergone the operation myself, and I con-
fess I did not feel at the moment like raising any
great indignation with regard to it, because I had
transgressed the rule laid down. I electioneered
as well as I could for the candidates who were
defeated, and I had not the least expectation if I
was defeated of holding on, and I did not. I be-
lieve that I was one of the first heads that was cut
off by the Tyler administration before it got dem-
ocratized. I was a Democrat enough to have
held on if they had not been in such a hurry. I had
not then been accused of holding to Democracy
without regard to complexion, and yet 1 was sud- j
denly decapitated-. But I knew then what it wa*
for as well as I do now, and just as well as all I
those gentlemen who are turned out of office know |j
now. I suppose they knew, and everybody j
knew when tne canvass was going on, that if the i
Whigs carried the election, they would " equalize ".j1
the thing; and as they had not had a chance to i
equalize it for a long time, it required a great deal
more to be put on their side of the equation than
if they had had a chance to make the equalization
before. As they had not, they were bound to re-
move more from the plus to the minus side of the
equation. That was to be expected. • I have a
Senator in my eye who is doing me the honor to
listen to me. I recollect hearing him say that he
would not support any Administration that would
not turn out its opponents. I believe it has been
expressed by the saying, "To the victors belong
the spoils," by the Democrats, and the same thing
is expressed in a different manner by the Whigs,
who call it "equalization." But whether you
call it one thing or the other, you will find,
during this Administration or any other, that there
is a great deal of human nature in mankind, and
that they will practice on this principle. [Laugh-
ter.]
I can excuse the Whigs, for they had been out
a long time, for coming with a little circumlocu-
tioMto the practice of a system that they had been
all their lives condemning. The thing is not un-
derstood. They had been condemning the system
in Democratic hands, but in their hands it was an
entirely different affair; and instead of giving to
the victors the spoils, it became in their hands the
equalization of an equation. [Laughter.] But now
I hope this will be the last of the agitation of this
subject, and that we shall set a time to dispose df
it and make a Saturday afternoon's job of it, so
that we may not have it come up with some bill for
giving to some western State land to make a rail-
road or canal, which subject generally occupies
the Senate when not occupied with this system of
AntlAII7fltl An
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The "square root"
ought to be applied to these sums. [Laughter.]
1 dot not think they can be disposed of properly
unless this is done. It is curious to look at this
matter. I was old enough in 1825 to take a hand
in the politics of the'country, and was a candidate
for the office of elector, succeeded, and voted for
Mr. Clay for President of the United States. I
recollect perfectly well that one of the most promi-
nent charges made against him, and the then exist-
ing Administration, was, that it had refused to re-
appoint some printers of the laws, whose term of
service had expired by its own limitation. He
appointed six new editors to publish the laws of
the United States, according to my recollection,
in the places of those whose terms of service had
expired. And that act in the history of the coun-
try is worthy of being classified as the commence-
ment of proscription in this country. After that1
the Democratic Administration came into power,
and this thing called "proscription" went on with
the increasing velocity of a falling rock. It multi-
plied enormously.
Mr. MANGUM.
the distance.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Yes, sir, it multiplied
" according to the square of the distance." The
Whigs had the power in this body, and they
called upon the Democratic Administration to give
them a list of the removals and appointments, and
theyt got them. I am inclined to follow that ex-
ample; and as the gentleman from Maine has called
for similar information which was given in former
days, let him have it now. I am willing that he
should have it; but I would prefer that his resolu-
tion should be amended, so as to get the same
information for each Administration since 1825
down to the present time. The reason why I
prefer amending the resolution and obtaining the
information in that way is this: prior to 1825 the
heads of the Administration were revolutionary
men. They were coeval with the Constitution.
Most of them had taken an active part then, either
in writing or in the Convention which framed the
Constitution, to bring that instrument into practical
existence. Mr. Madison declared that he who
removed from office for opinion's sake would be
worthy of impeachment, and under the revolu-
tionary Presidents, under the practice which had
prevailed prior to 1825, a removal, except for
cause, was unknown. This doctrine of prosa-ip-
tion, according to the allegations of the DMo-
According to the square of
cratic party, began with Mr. Clay and Mr-
Adams; and as we have heard of its continuance
from that day down to this, either under the de-
nomination of "equalization," as the Senator
from New Hampshire calls it, or of " distributing
the spoils among the victors, "according to another
expression, if the resolution can be amended so as
to call for the number of removals during each Ad-
ministration, from 1825 down to the present time,
we shall have the information to present to the
country, and let the people make their own com-
ments upon it. As to myself, allow me to say
that I have been against the doctrine of removing
for opinion's sake, either to reward the victors
or for the purpose of "equalization," from the
time of its inception to the present day. If an
officer in power is faithful, if he is competent, if
he discharges his duties well, my conviction is
that he had better be retained, because he can per-
form the duties of his situation much better for
the interests of the country—better than a new man
who is not acquainted with the duties of the office.
The public interest suffers by these changes. You
turn out a competent man, and a man who is well
acquainted with the duties he is called upon to
discharge, and in his place you put a jaw man
who knows nothing about them at the time of
commencing. Moreover, you sometimes deprive
the incumbent of the means of living, and reduce
him and his family in some instances to want.
Very frequently this is done to reward one less
deserving, and one who is less entitled to the regard
of the country than the one who is sacrificed.
Sir, there is no remedy for this state of things
but a constitutional provision tying the hands of
power. Therf is no remedy fo'r it unless youpro-
vide one by the Constitution or by law. You
ought to do it by an amendment of the Constitu-
tion, because of the construction originally put
upon the Constitution that the President had the
power to remove—a construction which I_believe
to have been wrong in the first instance; but being
coeval with the history of the country, it is now
too late to get clear of it except by an amendment
of the Constitution. Until you do that, we shall
have Administration after Administration practis-
! ing this doctrine of the " spoils," or this doctrine
of "equalization," to the end of the Govern-
ment.
The danger of that state of things is this, that
every presidential election from now to the end
of time, if the Government will last so long, would
be influenced and controlled by a set of retainers—
by a set of sycophants who court power, and who
maintain a favored candidate, with a view to the
ultimate reward they all expect to receive; and that
man who is a candidate for office, who can com-
mand more presses than any other, more syco-
[ phants than any other, who can command his
squad of electioneerers upon every stump, would
come into the presidential chair to reward those
who placed him there, irrespective of merit.
I hold that every patriot in this country—every
man who loves the institutions of a republican
i government, those undei; which we have so long
lived and prospered, ought to endeavor to put
down that state of things. But I see no way of
doing it but by an amendment of the Constitution
of the United States, and that perhaps never will
be done. It has become a matter that is laughed
at, if you even propose to amend the Constitution
of the country. I know the difficulty. Perhaps
it never will be amended until revolution shall-
force it upon the considerate patriots and the con-
siderate people of the country. Revolution may
i make them think. Revolution rfiay make them
: act, and in that way perhaps you may accomplish
what reason and good sense ought to, but cannot
accomplish.
I now propose to amend the gentleman's amend-
ment by striking out all after the word "resolved,",
and inserting the following:
"That the Heads of the several Departments be, and
they are required to inform the Senate of the number of
removals which have been made of subordinate officers in
their respective Departments during each Administration
since the 4th of March, 1825."
Mr. BRADBURY. Mr. President, I would
state to the Senator from Kentucky, that most of
the informatioi®which he proposes to obtain by
his amendment, has already been furnished, in
answer to resolutions that have been adopted by
the House of Representatives. A resolution was
adopted, in response to which, information waa
