40
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 12,
rendered of the number of removals up to the
16th day of July, 1841.
Mr. \TNDF.RWOOD. I would inform my
friend that I am aware of that (act, but I want all
this information in one document. It will not re-
quire very much labor, as some of the in formation
has already Keen furnished.
Mr. BRADBURY. The phraseology of the
honorable Senator's amendment is somewhat am-
biguous. I do not know whether it might not be
regarded as applying solely to the removals that
have been made of the subordinates of the Del
partments here in this city. There might be some
doubt whether, under the phraseology of the
amendment, it would embrace the vast number of
persons under the Post Office Department, as post-
masters, and as subordinates in custom-houses. I
hope the honorable Senator will allow the resolu-
tion, as I have proposed to amend it, to be passed;
and it will be easy, by reference to the information
that has heretofore been "laid before Congress, to
make out the list which he wishes.
Air. UNDERWOOD. I would accept any
amendment to remedy any ambiguity that the gen-
tleman may propose; but I would much prefer
having all.this information in one document. If
there is any ambiguity in the language of the
amendment, I will cheerfully accept of any modi-
cation the gentleman may be pleased to suggest to
obviate the difficulty.
Mr. BRADBURY. There is no use of print-
ing this information over again. It will be an un-
necessary expense.
Mr. UNDERWOOD modified his amendment
so as to "direct" the Heads of Departments to
famish this information, instead of/'requiring"
them to do it.
Mr. CASS. I would inquire if the information
proposed to be obtained is not now upon record?
Mr. UNDERWOOD Part of it is, but I be-
lieve part of it is not.
Mr. CASS. I would suggest to the Senator
that it would be better to ascertain whether the in-
formation is upon record here or not.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. But I wish the whole
to be printed in one document.
Mr. EWING. If any part of this information
has been presented, it will only be for the clerks
to refer to it and copy it.
Mr. BRADBURY. I think the amendment of
the Senator from Kentucky is not sufficiently spe- ]
cific. It calls for the number of removals of sub-
ordinates of the various Departments since 1825.
Now, we do not know whom the Departments
will regard as subordinates. The amendment
which I presented calls for a list of the removals
from important offices, and then a statement of
the number of other officers. I think the amend-
ment of the Senator from Kentucky is not suffi-
ciently specific to obtain that information which I
am certain it is his object to obtain.
Mr. UNDERWOOD.?Then I would ask that
the resolution be laid on the table until the gentle-
man from Maine and myself can confer upon it.
I am willing to adopt anything to meet the wishes
of the Senate and to accomplish the object I have
in view; and I hope, therefore, that the resolution
will be permitted to lie on the table for the present.
Mr. EWING. Before the motion to lay on
the table is made, I wish to say a word in reply
to the Senator from Iowa. He has spoken of the
cause of removal and of a case of failure to re-
move. It is unnecessary to refer to the failure to
remove, as that matter is not before the Senate. ;
The resolution pending does not ask for informa-
tion as to those who were not removed. It is not
therefore, a fit subject for consideration, and I will
not go into it. The Senator also refers to two
cases of removals, General Lane, Governor of:
Oregon, and Colonel Weller, of the boundary
commission; and speaks of these as cases of naked i
proscription. In this lie is incorrect. As to Gov- j
ernor Lane, no report was made by liim to the
Department for a very long time after his appoint- 1
ment. Great complaints were made against him i
from the Territory of Oregon, and from more au- j
thentic and reliable sources, those which the Ex- ■
ecutive ought to respect. There were, therefore, 1
reasons for his removal, as well official as politi-
cal. As to Colonel Weller, then^as some dif-
ficulty with respect to him and the execution of
his duty. There was an appropriation Of $50,000
to commence the boundary Arvey. That whole
sum was expended, and in addition to that, as
far as oould be ascertained, sonfe $20,000 or | men who held office in the State which 1 in part
§25,000 were drawn for, and no more work was | represent—fell under his merciless guillotine. I
done by him than to simply fix the initial point
on the Pacific coast; that is, to measure two ma-
rine leagues south of the bay of San Diego, erect
a rough monument there, and to find the point of
junction of the Gila and the Colorado. The ser-
vices performed bore no just relation to the expend-
iture. In addition to that, there were heavy
complaints against him from those that were with
him on the commission of inefficiency and want of
attention to his duty. All these things, and more,
appear from the papers accompanying the reports
presented to the Senate, and gentlemen if they
please to do it can read and understand them.
I have said thus much, however, not because I
wish to go into particulars, for I do not feel dis-
posed to do that on a general challenge; I want to
deal with no man's character; but because the
case of Colonel Weller was distinctly and specifi-
cally put, I could not remain silent without seem-
ing to admit what was so pointedly alleged.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. We are to understand
now from the Senator from Ohio, that the man
whose services were such as to obtain for him the
soubriquet of the Marion of the Mexican war—the
man who gained such signal renown in that war—
the man who was in almost every battle, either*>n
the Rio Grande or Vera Cruz line, covered with
wounds, and faithful in all his public trusts—was
removed, forsooth, because no report nad been
received from him during the brief time between
his appointment and removal.
challenge him here to produce one single reason,
beyond the expression of their political sentiments,
for that act. No, sir, it is idle; it is ridiculous to
undertake, in the face of a proscription which has
no parallel for its extent and relentless character
in the history of this country, to justify it on the
ground of charges preferred and sustained. And
this is the reason I was in favor of the resolution
of the Senator from Maine. I knew it would be
said that these individuals were removed for cause;
hence my anxiety for the passage of that resolu-
tion.
Mr. GW1N. Mr. President, I was not in my
seat when the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Ewino] re-
ferred to Colonel Weller, stitina^he causes of his
removal,. He will oblige me ink will renew his
statement, as I have something to say upon that
subject myself.
Mr. EWING. The reasons I stated were, that
there had been a very large amount of money
placed in Colonel Weller's hands. A great deal
of time elapsed before any account was received
from him at all. When the account was received
it was ascertained that the whole amount of
money—|50,000—had been expended, and the
only work done up to that time was the fixing of
the point of departure upon the Pacific coast; that
is, two marine leagues south of S«n Diego, and
fixing the point of junction of the Gila and Colo-
rado. This was the report received prior to the
time of his removal. It was supposed that the
The gentleman from Ohio says he failed to make i work hod not advanced as fax- as it ought to have
his report. I ask what report, as the Governor of done.
the Territory of Oregon, he was required to make,
and which was of sufficient importance to cause
his removal?
Mr. EWING. He was-required to make a re-
port as Superintendent of Indian Affairs—an ex-
ceedingly important matter in the condition of our
Indian relations with the tribes of that Territory.
Mr. DODGE. I am aware that he was ex qffieio
Superintendent.of Indian Affairs, and had a report
in that capacity to make. But I undertake to say,
Mr. CASS. I do not understand whether the1
objection of the Senator from Ohio was that Col- •
onel Weller had expended so much money, or
that he had expended it improperly. If he ex-
pended it improperly, I would ask, was he a de-
faulter?
Mr. EWING. I do not know officially whether
he was a defaulter or not. The Senator from
Iowa says that his accounts were settled. They
had not been settled when I left the Department.
without having ever heard Governor Lane's ex- I He spent a great deal, and continued to draw for
planation of the matter, that if it is investigated it
will be found that he did make a report, which
every one knows was liable to be lost in the mails
of the United States, or to be delayed by his time
being occupied in treating with the Indians, or the
performance of public duties. I apprehend it will
be found, when the facts are fully known, that
there were no good reasons for the removal of
Governor Lane; and that those which have been
given are resorted to to justify the striking down
of a man whose removal was predetermined on.
The Senators from Indiana know something—
doubtless much—of the character of their distin-
guished fellow-citizen, and I expect to hear from
them in reference to this accusation against him.
As to the other case referred to by the Senator
from Ohio, he states that the documents on file—
meaning, I suppose, his reports as Secretary of
the Interior—furnish the cause of the removal of
Colonel Weller. Sir, I want better evidence than
is furnished by these documents. I remember dis-
tinctly that at the time his removal was made it
was placed on the ground that he was a defaulter.
Every Administration paper in the country so
charged. I ask the Senator from Ohio now if he
more, beyond anything for which he had rendered
an account. He may have settled it all properly
by this time; but it is the duty of an executive
officer not to let things be so irregularly managed.
Mr. CASS. Then he seems to have been re-
moved for expending money properly, if his ac-
counts htvve been settled honorably and satisfies- .
torily.
Mr. GWIN. I went to California with Colonel
Weller. The delay which has been complained
of occurred at Panama. I know that he could :
not leave there sooner than he did. He left by
the first steamer that went up the coast after his
arrival in Panama. The delay originated from
the fact that the crew of the steamship California
deserted at San Francisco, and hence could not go.
down according to appointment to take the pas-
sengers from Panama. Colonel Weller and his
company were delayed until the steamship Panama
came round the Horn, on which vessel he went
up to San Diego. His delay was unavoidable.
It was an inevitable delay. It could not have been
prevented by any^action of his. I know he was
very much annoyed on account of it.
Now, a word in regard to the expenditure.to
intends, by implication or otherwise, to assert that; which the Senator alluded. I know the fact to
Colonel Weller is a defaulter? • which the Senator from Iowa referred, that Col-
Mr. EWING. I cannot possibly state whether i onel Weller's accounts have nrt only been set-
he was a defaulter or not. He had not presented j tied, but a balance of some $4,UU0 was found due
his accounts when I retired from the Department, i him; and yet he was published throughout the
and of. course I do not know anything officially whole country as a defaulter. With one excep-
about the matter. | tion—the expense of his ceturn—not a single item
Mr. DODGE. I undertake to say that his ac- J of his accounts was rejected. So that the monif
counts have been settled, and settled in a manner j which he expended was properly expended.
creditable and honorable to him, as I learn from a
source that is entitled to reliance. The charge that
has been iterated and reiterated as the cause of the
removal of that ga'lant man has now vanished into
smoke and thin air. Nq such thing can be main-
tained. His accounts have been triumphantly
settled.
! Mr. President, I reiterate the challenge which I
gave the Senator from Ohio. I challenge him to
give the reasons why Henn,* Van Antwerp,
Neally, Low, Lewis, McHenry, and others—the
Henn, since his removal, haa been elected tu the
iffoi
neitTTbngreae.
As regards the manner in which Col, Weller dis-
charged the duties of his office, I undertake to say
that with the same amount of money more im-
portant services were rendered to the United States
than ever has been done before under any similar
commission. He hired individuals for $30 per
month, and took their pledge of honor before they
went that they would remain with him. They
did remain, although their labor was worth four
or five times as much in California. He ren-
dered the most important services for a very small
sum of money, considering the condition of affairs
in California. Not only was this initial point, al-
luded to by the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Ewlng]
