42
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 13,
mentwy forgetfulness of the legal presumption, \
which I take to be this: that if Colonel Weller |
had been a Whig officer it would have been pre- :
sumed, until the contrary appeared, that there was
very good reason for die delav. [Laughter.]
"Whereas, being a Democratic officer, the legiti-
mate, fair presumption was, that the delay was
unwarrantable until the cause of it was explained.
[Renewed laughter.] Therefore the course pur-
sued towards Colonel Welter, being a Democratic
officer, it strikes me would have been outrageous
if it had been pursued towards a Whig.
Mr. WH1TC0MB. Mr. President, I did not
expect to say anything in regard to this resolu-
tion; but an attack, most unexpected tojne, has
been made upon a former citizen of my State,
General Lane, which I feel called upon to repel.
I think it unmerited, and was both pained and
surprised to hear it uttered by the Senator from
Ohio. I know General Lane well. He is a per-
sonal friend of mine, and his modesty is far
greater than his talents, confessedly great as they
are. When he was appointed Governor of Ore-
gon, instead of having a public vessel chartered to
take him and his family around by sea, he went
in the garb of a western man, with a small com-
pany of men, by the overland route, with his rifle
m his hand, at his own expense, an exile from his
family. When he went to Oregon, that Terri-
tory was in a condition entirely unorganized, with-
out any government, except one formed by ne-
cessity by the early settlers. Besides having to
frame a regular government, he had to acquaint
himself with the various Indian tribes, their char-
acter and condition, in order to acquire the ne-
cessary facts, to make the report, a delay only of
which the Senator from Ohio makes the ground of
his charge against that officer. There were then,
I believe, scarce any means of regular communi-
cation with that distant Territory, and it would
take some time after his arrival there for General
Lane to gather the necessary materials to make a
satisfactory and intelligent report. I know not
whether his successor, with all the advantage of
the General's previous services, has made his re-
port yet. I should be glad to be informed on that
subject.
Gen. Lane went out to Oregon near the close of
Mr. Polk's administration. Soon after the com-
mencement of Gen. Taylor's administration, and
certainly before a report could have been reasona-
bly expected, an attempt was made to remove Gen.
Lane by the appointment of a prominent citizen
of my own State. That gentleman, although a
Whig, declined the tendered office, I am satisfied,
on account of the great services of Gen. Lane,
and the high position he occupied in the affections j\
of the people of his State. Major Gaines, who <
was then appointed, went out in a Government
vessel. He was appointed while the Senate was
in session, and he was in the lobby here after he
received his appointment. He took his departure,
if I am correctly informed, with his family, in a
Government vessel, without waiting for the sanc-
tion of this body to this appointment. We were
treated with that much respect by Major Gaines,
and by the Cabinet which sent him out. And it
does seem to me that it does not come with the
best grace to hold up-the conduct of Gen. Lane as
an object of obloquy and reproach, looking to the
conduct of his successor. I have nothing to say
as to the private character of Major Gaines. He
is a gentleman, doubtless, of respectability. And,
as I have heard nothing said against the private
character of General Lane, I do not feel myself
called upon to defend it. I will only say that he
is the idol of his neighbors, and the large and in-
creasing circle of his friends, without distinction
of party. I had known him in civil station before
he earned his well-merited laurels in our war with
Mexico. I have known him to be always equal
to anything he undertook; always on the side of
law and order, and always for his country, and
always a friend where his friendship was deserved.
As a member of the Senate of Indiana, when her j
pecuniary affairs were at the lowest ebb, he early
took ana maintained a uniform, persevering, and j
finally successful position for the restoration of
her credit. Of his military achievements, his kind- j
ness to his troops, the magic by which he acquired i
their confidence, his power of inspiring them with j
his own bravery, his skill in strategy, and the;
romantic heroism which he exhibited in the open
field, it is unnecessary to speak. They are too h
well known and appreciated not to form a part of
the history of his country.
I should make no objection, nor would General
Lane make any objection, to his being removed,
if the removal were put upon the ground that it
was for opinion's sake merely. But when he is
removed, not only without its being expressly \
stated that he is removed on account of his politi-
cal opinions, but for alleged default in office, he is
deprived not merely of office, for which he cares
but little, but it is attempted to take from him that
character which is dear to him indeed. If gentle-
men come out frankly and say that they remove
for political opinions, 1 shall observe silence. But
when it is given out in advance that removals will
not be made on account of political opinions, the
implication is left that when made they are made
on account of defects of a personal nature.
And now, Mr. President, I can ask the Senator
from Ohio with confidence, whether General Lane
would have been removed, in view oT his charac-
ter and past services, and after having performed
that journey overland, through toil, privation, and
peril, if he had been a Whig? I think not. The
Senator from Ohio may think he would have been.
I give him credit for his belief, but we have good
authority for saying that " the human heart is de-
ceitful and desperately wicked." [Laughter.] I
think gentlemen deceive themselves by making
any such supposition. I would here say, in rela-
tion to General Lane, that when he left his post,
he received the nearly if not quite unanimous*
approval of the Territorial Legislature of Oregon,
without distinction of party. I would also state
that, at the very time he received notice of his dis-
missal, he was actively engaged in a tour among
the Indian tribes in acquainting himself with the
facts which were necessary in order to enable him
to make that report, for a conjectured delay only
of transmitting which he was removed, according
to the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. MANGUM. It is rather gratifying to old
men to see that after a thing has been dead for
some time it may be resuscitated. I think we !
have very auspicious omens that we shall be occu-:
pied upon this interesting resolution for the next
two or three weeks. Coming, as I do, from one
of the old States that derives little benefit from the j
Government but fraternity and union with her
sister States, I would as soon listen to this inter-
esting discussion as to be adopting bills giving
new States large slices of our public domain. Sev-
eral gentlemen may perhaps make speeches upon
the subject; I may make one myself; but as it is
dinner time, I move that the Senate now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and
The Senate adjourned.
HOtTSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, December 13,1850.
The House met at twelve o'clock. The Jour-
nal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. DANIEL moved that the rules be suspend-
ed, and that the House resolve itself into Commit-
tee of the Whole to take up the private calendar.
Mr. THURSTON asked the gentleman to
waive his motion for the present, to enable him to
introduce a resolution. j
Mr. DANIEL acceded to the request. !
Mr. THURSTON said that the resolution calls
on the President for copies of correspondence from
the several Government officers in Oregon with the
Government, since the organization of that Terri-
tory by the General Government. There is, sir,
quite a correspondence from officers in Oregon,
scattered through the several Departments of the
Government. It is highly important, not only to
me, but to the Territory, the Departments, and to
the Government, that this correspondence should
be collected, printed, and made a part of the per-
manent record of the country. There are ques-
tions continually arising in the committees of Con-
fress, in the several Departments, and in both
ranches of Congress, in which the facts contained
in this correspondence are needed for our guidance.
The object of the resolution, therefore, is simply
to put this mass of information in tangible and per-
manent form. I apprehend there will be no objec-
tion to its adoption, because every member must
be interested in placing the history of the country
in a form where it is sure to be the least liable to
the ravages of time, and where it can be consult-
ed with the greatest possible facility.
No objection being made, the resolution was
read, as follows:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested, if not incompatible with the public interest, to
communicate to this House, copies of all correspondence
received from the respective Government officers in Oregon
since the organization of that Territory by the General
Government.
Mr. ASHMUN objected to the consideration
of the resolution to-day.
The SPEAKER said, that as objection was
made, the resolution would have to lie over one
day under the rule, as it calls for information from
the Departments.
Mr. THURSTON expressed the hope that the
resolution would be adopted.
The SPEAKER said it could only be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. JONES inquired whether it was within the
recollection of the Chair, that resolutions which
were laid over one day under the rule, were ever
after acted upon ?
Mr. DANIEL renewed his motion that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole House, to take
up the business on the private calendar.
The question was taken, and agreed to; and
The House resolved itself into a Committee of
the AVhole House, Mr. Ashmun in the chair.
GENERAL SUMTER.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the first business
in order was the consideration of the bill for the
relief of the heirs of General Thomas Sumter,
late of South Carolina, deceased.
Mr. THOMAS. Mr. Chairman, this bill was
introduced at the last session of Congress, and
passed over because there was objection made.
This bill now comes up for consideration. It is a
matter of very little importance of itself, but it is
one of great importance as a precedent for a nu-
merous class of claims of a like description, for
which we may be called upon to appropriate thou-
sands from the public Treasury.
It is doubtless within the recollection of the
House that a similar case, similar in every respect,
came up last session for consideration, from the
State of Virginia. It was for giving to individuals
compensation for services precisely similar to those
for which this claim is instituted. It was a claim
in favor of the descendants to the second, third,
and probably to the fourth generation, as in the
present.
Not expecting this case to be called up to-day,
I am not prepared to furnish thtproper testimony
in relation to it. • *
The case now under consideration, is a case
where a certificate was issued by the State of South
Carolina to General Sumter, in 1776 or 1778,
during the revolutionary war.
Now, sir, what are tne facts? Here is a claim
where a certificate was issued to General Sumter,
seventy-odd years ago, by the State of South
Carolina. What vouchers do we have that it is
due—that it has not been paid? Why, we have
the certificate of the Register of the Treasury
Department, appointed seventy years afterwards,
certifying that, so far as the books are concern-
ed, he does not know that the claim has been
paid.
Now I have examined into this case, and the
only portion of the evidence which goes to favor
the claim, is, simply, that the books do not show
that the debt has ever been paid. Here you
are, calling upon the United States to pay a debt,
contracted some seventy-odd years ago, upon no
other proof than that the United States have not
a certificate to show that the claim has been
paid. You are putting the burden of proof upon
the United States, to establish the fact that the
Government has paid^he debt, more than seventy
years after it was contracted. This might be
right, under certain circumstances.
I call upon the gentleman to show how this
case was settled. Here was a gentleman, a dis-
tinguished military man, and who filled a place in
Congress in 1811, forty years after this debt was
contracted; he was herein active life—a member of
your Senate; yet he never once said, Pay me what
you owe me. He lived until 1832, fifty years after
this debt was contracted; and although in active
public life, he was never once heard to say to any
human being that the United States owed him a
single dollar. That may be the tradition of the
country, but is not a matter of record and history,
