44
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 13,
Now, sir, if gentlemen will object to this claim
as Ik debt, 1 do trust they will allow it at least, by
w«v of the pension which has never been claimed
by "himself or by his heirs, but which could have
been claimed at any time, and would have been
far more than sufficient to satisfy this debt. Give
him hw pension at least, to the extent of this debt,
if you do not choose to pay him what you are in-
debted to him.
I do not choose to elaborate the case. The re-
port of the committee was so unanimous on this
subject, that I have never taken any pains to pre-
pare myself with arguments relative to issues
which I did not foresee would be made before this
House; hut I cannot resume my seat withyit again
calling the attention of the House to the remark-
able feet, that these petitioners could have been pe-
titioners for a pension to the amount of $20,000,
and yet they have never presented that claim.
Neither General Sumter nor his heirs ever pre-
sented that claim. All they demand is, that you
will pay them a debt which you did contract and
of which your own books are evidence.
This debt is of no greater age than many of the
pensions and gratuities which you pay every day
of your lives. I grant that the Government did
at one time fix a period beyond which they would
not discharge obligations of this description. The
object was a judicious one—it was to urge these
claimants to expedition in producing their claims;
but afterwards the period was extended from time
to time, until every debt of this description, ex-
cept to a very small amount, has been discharged
by the Government. You paid these debts up to
within three years of the period when this claim
was first brought before the Government. Is
your own law a statute*rgainst you? Does
it disable you from the payment of this claim ?
Thongh you have a role for the payment of claims,
have you not discretion to do abstract justice by a
special law applicable to the case? And what
stronger consideration could there be in favor of
this claim—what evidence could be more conclu-
sive of the integrity, honesty, and truthfulness of
them parties, than that they liave foreborne to pros-
ecute a pension claim that would hare amounted
probably to $20,000, and against which nobody
could have advanced a suspicion of fraud; and
satisfied themselves with prosecuting an incon-
siderable claim of about $3,000? Could there
be more conclusive evidence of their honesty
and integrity than the fact that they could thus
hare procured $20,000, without the slightest sus-
picion of fraud or falsehood? Why should they
neglect that undoubted claim, to get $3,009, and
run the risk, too, of getting nothing at all? Sir, it is
absurd. Every circumstance goes to show that
it was an honest debt; and I maintain that no man
can pretend that there is any just ground for re-
jecting the claim, unless it be that time has barred
it. Nothing but the age of the claim can be urged
against it. All the circumstances of the case go
to establish the justice, and integrity, and hon-
esty, and truthfulness of the parties. Everything
is above suspicion. Apply the statute of limita-
tion to yqprselves, and you are safe; but without
that, there is no pretext for denying this claim.
J should trust that the House would have—I
will not say honor enough, but I think that it will
"become this House, if this claim is rejected, to say
why it is rejected. Do not slander the claim. Do
not pretend, like thieves, that you are not aware of
its justice. Do not deny your own handwriting
and promissory notes. Do not insinuate a sus-
picion of fraud against Mr. Sumter that he is
trying to get this money paid twice. Act like
honest men and acknowledge that you do not
pay this claim, because it is barred by being sev-
enty years old. I admit that that would be a
good reason. I do not deny that it is good policy
to require reasonable expedition in the prosecution
of claims against the Government. I do not pre-
tend to deny that, but I do urge upon the com-
mittee that it is strange inconsistency and injustice
to be paying bounties and gratuities for services
seventy years old, and yet refusing to pay a debt
that you promised to pay, because it is seventy
years old. It is not consistent, admitting that it
may be decent, and that you have the indisputa-
ble right to apply the statute of limitation to your
own case.
I put the case to the committee on its special
merits. It is competent to you to make a law for
it. You are safe in your own discretion. |
I need not read to the committee the letter from
J the Department, stating that these claims are still
: outstanding; that it appears by the books of the
office that these thirty-two certificates are every
one of them outstanding. The letter of the Re-
gister is printed in the reports and is now in the
hands of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Thomas.]
I have also a certificate from Mr. Edwards,
Commissioner of Pensions, relative to the pen-
sion of General Sumter. 1 thought it my duty to
the House, in relation to that claim, to procure
this certificate, as the fact that the pension was
never sought, might be useful to show the integ-
rity of the parties who now come before you, and
that it might raise them above suspicion of de-
siring to practice fraud upon this Government.
Mr. Edwards certifies that General Sumter has
never been in the receipt of a pension from the
Government. I leave these facts for theconsider-
ation of the committee.
Mr. DURHAM. Mr. Ghairman, I shall take
Mr. THOMAS, (interposed.) If the gentleman
will allow me, I should like to have the report
which has been referred to, read. I should wish
that the attention of the House should be directed
to the report of Senator Jarnagin, of Tennessee,
in which the facts and the law of this case are
clearly and perspicuously set forth.
Mr. WOODWARD. I wish to state that ^
have never seen the report the gentleman speaks
of, until the present moment.
The Clerk then read the report in question, as
follows:
The petitioner states he is the grandson and administra-
tor it bonis non of General Thomas Sumter, deceased;
that his grandlather and intestate, during the war of the
Revolution, loaned to his country a sum ol money, and re-
ceived as evidence of his debt, thirty-two loan office cer-
tificates, of $1,000 each—equal in specie to $800; that said
loan office certificates have been lost; and, a short time be-
fore lb? death of General Sumter, he proposed petitioning
Congress on the subject, but was prevented by his sudden
illness and death. Petitioner prays that the value of said
loan office certificates, with interest thereon, be paid to
him.
The only evidence presented to the committee is the cer-
tificate of T. L. Smith, Register of the Treasury, dated 27th
of November, 1837; from which it appears that, on«the 1st
of June, 1780, there was iswed, in the name of Thomas
Sumter, nineteen loan office certificates for $1,000 each,
of the specie value of $25 each; and on the 17th of October,
1780, thirteen others were issued to General Sumter, or in
his name, of £-1,000 each, and of similar specie value with
those of the first issue. The Register of the Treasury cer-
tifies that said certificates remain outstanding and unpaid.
On inquiry at the Treasury Department, your committee
have not been able to learn that said certificates were ever
I presented by the holder or holders, nor is there any evi-
dence that they were ever countersigned by the commis-
sioner of loans for the State of South Carolina, and put
into circulation, as required by law. By the act of limita-
tion of 12th February, 1793, loan office certificates are ex-
cepted from its operation. By the act of the 21st of April,
1794, the right to present loan office certificates for settle-
ment was limited to 1st of June, 1795. By the second sec-
tion it is enacted that no claim shall be allowed for loan
office certificates alleged to be lost or destroyed, unless the
destruction of the same was so far made public as to be
known to at least two credible wntneues soon after'it hap-
pened, and shall have been, before the presentation of the
claim, advertised for six weeks successively in some one of
the newspapers of the State in which the certificates were
issued, describing the nnmber, date, and amount of the cer-
tificate alleged to have been destroyed, together with the
time when, the place where, and the means by which the
same was destroyed. By acts of Congress, passed from
time to time, the statute of limitations, as to the payment
of loan office certificates, was suspended till the 7th of May,
1836; yet none of them repealed the second section of the
act of 21st April, 1794, in regard to lost or destroyed certifi-
cates. It does not appear that that section has ever been
complied with in the present case; so, if there was nothing
more in the case, Congress would not be justified in grant-
ing the prayer of petitioner. But this is a State demand,
and no satisfactory reason is given why this claim was not
presented at an earlier day. True, the petitioner says
General Sumter contemplated petitioning Congress, but
was prevented by sadden illness and death. We know,
historically, that General Sumter was himself a Senator in
Congress as late as 1811, and he never made any claim.
This fact greatly strengthens the presumption that said cer-
tificates were never regularly issued. It does not appear
that General Sumter ever pretended he had a claim against
the United States during his life, further than by the state-
ment of his grandson, the petitioner. Your committee
therefore lecommend the adoption of the following resolu-
tion.
Remlted, That tile prayer of petitioner ought not to be
granted.
Mr. DUNHAM then continued; he said: Mr.
Chairman, I will not consume the time of the
House with any lengthy or captious remarks, but
I wish, in the first place, briefly to call its attention
to a fact that appears very clear to me, that there
is a principle involved in it; a principle which not
only reaches this case—this class of cases—but
which must, more or less, directly be applicable to
every claim that is from day to day brougnt against
this Government. The principle appears to me to
be no more nor less, than that when it is shown by
the records of the Department that Government
has at any time incurred a debt, that it must then
devolve upon Government to give evidence that
they have paid the debt. Not that the creditor must
bring evidence of the indebtedness of Government,
but that Government must positively show on its
own part that it has discharged the debt. That
is the principle which appears to me very clearly
involved in this case.
Let me apply to the facts: All the proof on
which this claim rests, that is preferred, is the re-
cords of the Department, which go to show that
certain loan office certificates were at one time or.
another issued. But these records do not show
that these certificates were ever put into circula-
tion; they do not show that they ever came into
the hands of General Sumter. They are not shown
to be in his hands at this time, or in the hands of
his descendants, or of the present claimant. They
are not shown, especially, to have been lost or de-
stroyed.
In the absence of the presentation of those cer-
tificates which they claim to be outstanding, and
in the absence of evidence that they are lost or de-
stroyed, they now come here and ask to be paid
this presumptive debt, because the Government
cannot say that they have paid it at any time here-
tofore.
This is the principle involved in this case. Let
me state to (lie committee another thing in con-
nection with this claim. This may very probably
be a popular case, because it is well known to every
American citizen that the ancestor of the claimant
performed great, noble, and meritorious services
In the cause of our country's independence, and
held a high rank among the revolutionary heroes.
I never indulge in wholesale denunciations of
claim agents. It is their legitimate business, and
I have not the slightest disposition to interfere with
it. But my position has enabled me to observe
the several tricks of trade played off in the House
on various emergencies. I have observed some-
thing of the plan in which claims have been pre-
ferred before this body. Wherever there is a large
class of claims, their object is to get a precedent
established by which they may get paid out of the
i public Treasury. You will find these shrewd, cal-
culating men prefer such particular claim which
: appears to them most meritorious, on which they
can make the most money, and upon which they
can concentrate the most votes. Then, when they
get this paid, and thus establish a precedent, upon
this precedent they push on their other claims.
If you shall pass upon this bill in conformity
with the views of the claimants, you will, as I
have said before, establish a precedent and a prin-
ciple that is applicable to every other demand
which can tte brought against this Government.
Mr. WOODWARD here interposed, and said:
The arguments of the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Dunham] can be of no possible use to him,
unless he intends to insinuate, that the course
which he has described, has been pursued in the
prosecution of the claim under discussion. If
the gentleman does not mean to make that insin-
uation, why use the arguments he has just em-
ployed ?
Now, sir, I declare that the insinuation is
perfectly gratuitous. I have never had any Con-
nection with any man having a similar claim; I
have never mentioned this case to any one who
has a similar claim to prefer against the Govern-
ment. It appears by itself; it stands on its own in-
dividual merits. I was not aware of any case being
before this Government. I am not acquainted with
any claim-agent, nor have I any connection with
one. No one receives any compensation for prose-
cuting this claim. It is a gratuitous insinuation.
I think it unfortunate for any man to have been
bred up under influences that inclined his mind to
such suspicions.
Thank God, I cannot entertain any such sus-
picions, from my experience of what honorable
men are, and how they are accustomed to act.
Mr. DUNHAM. Mr. Chairman, so far as
gratuitousness is concerned, it strikes me that the
last remark of the gentleman from South Caro-
lina partakes strongly of that character. If, as it
j appears, the gentleman is sensitive upQn this
