4fc
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 13,
Now, sir, when the Government in the person
o^its officers, and represented by its records, owns
the existence of its own promissory note, I
thought that sufficient proof against the Govern-
ment, as it is sufficient proof against nil individ-
ual. And surely, what with such proof an indi-
vidual would be required to do in a court of law,
Government should itself do.
Now, sir, I have given proof that these certifi-
cates have existed, and that they are lost, and still
outstanding and unpaid; that the whole thirty-two
and not a single certificate is thus outstanding.
Now, sir, what is the proof of payment on the
part of Government ? It is alleged that it is not
proved that they did ever exist. Ofthisfact, I deem
the evidence I have adduced competent proof.
When loan office certificates are paid by Govern-
ment, two things are done: the certificate itself is
taken up, and the entry on the books is cancelled.
Now, I show by evidence that neither are the certi-
ficates taken up, nor the entries cancelled, and that
an officer in that Department has certified that
they are still outstanding and unpaid. I never
imagined, I repeat, that, except the lapse of time,
anything would be alleged against the claim, and,
therefore, I am not prepared to meet every collat-
eral point.
Mr. DUNHAM. All that the gentleman has
adduced in support of his position appears to be,
that one of the officers in the Department certi-
fies that the books do not show these certificates
to have been paid. Nothing else. The records
of the debtor do not prove his payment of them.
Mr. WOODWARD. If I acknowledged that
a man had held my note of hand, I am bound to
furnish proof of payment. An individual is bound
if he make such an acknowledgment, even orally;
much more if I, of my own will, confess that I
had issued to you my note of hand, should there
be no other proof of the fact required.
To prove the loss of a thing is difficult, because
it invariably happens when nobody's attention is
directed to it It would be impossible to prove a
loss by evidence such as that which appears to
be required, for what men were called to witness,
would be no loss. To prevent fraud, there is a
clause providing that, before the payment to the
heirs of General Sumter of the claim in question,
a bond with sureties shall be entered into; that
the money shall be refunded, if these certificates
should ever turn up, and be prosecuted effectually
against the Government by another party
Mr. MEADE said: I wish to ask a question of
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Dunham,]
simply for information, or any other gentleman,
whether there are certificates issued pecisely in
this manner and form, which have been returned
to the Treasury and paid? Now, if certificates
precisely like these have been issued, and no other
evidence of their having been issued existed, ex-
cept the book from which the extract that had been
referred to was taken, and if similar certificates
had been returned and paid by the Government,
why, then, that would seem to be evidence of the
validity of the certificates in question. I ask the
question simply for information.
Mr. DUNHAM. I will simply say, that there
were loan office certificates issued. That every man
of course is familiar with; but the entry upon the
books does not show that the issue was complete,
so as to entitle them to circulation and credit.
They had to pass through another office. That
certificates of this kind have been returned. But it
is equally without doubt that certificates have been
paid under that act which provides for the loss or
des truction of certificates, withou t their ever having
been returned to the office; and I have no doubt
that the books show that certificates have been
paid out where the certificates are not now to be
found on file in the Department; and it isalso pos-
sible that certificates may be on file which the
books do not show to be paid. I cannot, however,
nay how that may be, because I have not exam-
ined into it. But the book does not show that the
issue was complete, so as to entitle the certificates
to credit and payment, without something more
being proved.
Mr. WOODWARD. The books prove that
they are unpaid and outstanding.
Mr. CLEVELAND. As the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Dunham] says that there was a pre-
cisely similar case at the last session of Congress,
and as I opposed the payment of that claim, I rise
merely for the purpose of drawing a distinction
which I think should be made between that claim
and this one. I think, sir, that this claim is en-
titled to the favorable consideration of the commit-
tee, and I will give my reasons for thinking so, in
a very few words.
The other case was the case of a common credit-
or of the Government, for whom no apology could
be made for not presenting his claim against the
Government at an earlier day. But, sir, here is a
gentleman who appears here as the grandson of a
man who, I think, every gentleman wjil agree
stood as high as any man in the country during
the war of the Revolution. Now I call upon the
members of the House to answer me this question:
do they believe that General Sumter, at the time
these certificates were issued to him, would be as
likely to present this claim, and urge it upon the
Government, as would a common creditor of
the Government? Would he not be more likely
to imitate the example set him by his illustrious
chief, General Washington, and withhold his
claim, the country being in debt and embarrassed,
and he being a gentleman of fortune and high-toned
feeling ? I ask whether honorable, members do
not see a manifest distinction between the case of
General Sumter and that of a common creditor
of the Government? And, if so, can they not make
an allowance for the lapse of time which these cer-
tificates have been allowed to rest without being
presented to the Government, and do they not find
a possible reason why they are not now forth-
coming? *
But the question has been asked here repeatedly,
" Did General Sumter ever make this claim during
his lifetime?" Now I wanted very much to have
this question answered, and I was rejoiced when
the report, which it seems was adverse to the
claimant, was read, for in that report, if I under-
stood it correctly, it was stated distinctly, that
just previous to the death of that distinguished
man, he said to his grandson, that these claims
were good and just against the Government. We
have that fact from the committee, and that com-
mittee, be it remembered, reported adversely to
the claim.
Now, sir, in that report we find this fact stated,
and it should not be overlooked by the committee
in considering this claim as a meritorious claim.
This grandson states, and states in a manner that
authorized the committee to believe the fact, that
General Sumter did say at the close of his life, or
near to it, that these claims were just against the
Government.
Now I ask you, sir, and I ask this committee,
to reflect for a moment and ascertain at what time
this declaration was made by General Sumter.
Why, sir, it was as late as 1833, or since that
period. Now is there any good ground for ob-
jecting to this claim because it has been paid,
when we find proof that as late as 1833 it was a
just claim aganist the Government?
But some gentlemen may say that this is not
such evidence as the House ought to require; but
permit me to say that there is no living man in
America, who would dare to stand up before the
people, and say that Ke would not take General
Sumter's word in regard to any matter whatever,
and more especially in regard to a little paltry
claim of $3,000.
We are asked by gentlemen to reject this claim,
on the ground that General Sumter's declaration
is not proof satisfactory to them that this claim is
unpaid. Sir, I consider that this part of the case
is clearly proved to my satisfaction.
Mr. HEBARD, (Mr. Cleveland yielding the
floor.) I wish to inquire of the gentleman from
Connecticut, where he finds the evidence that any
such declaration was made by General Sumter ?
Mr. CLEVELAND. In the adverse report of
the committee, that fact is stated on the authority
of the grandson, the petitioner, and it is to that
that I am calling the attention of the committee.
The gentlemen opposed to the allowance of this
claim, called for the reading of the report, which
was adverse for other reasons, but not for the
reason that any member of the committee doubted
the truth of the declaration of the grandson of
General Sumter. If this declaration were not
sufficient to satisfy a fair and candid mind, I doubt
not that the gentleman who has interested himself
in this case, could have adduced additional proof
that General Sumter made the claim, had he been
notified of the issues that would be made here.
But I ask, are we not satisfied with the declara-
! tion made to the committee by this grandson ? Is
any gentleman prepared, on that grtiund, to re-
eet the claim ?
But, sir, in addition to this, we are not an in-
vestigating committee. Three committees have
had this subject before them,and those three com-
mittees have united in recommending the passage
of this bill.
Sir, with these facts in proof here, and for the
reasons that I have given, I am prepared to vote for
this bill, independent of any considerations about
the pension. If the claimants are entitled to a
pension, I hope they may get it. Why should
we grudge a pension to the heirs of General
Sumter, &nd give it to the rest of the world ?
For one, I am disposed to -pay our debts honestly,
and grant pensions also to those who deserve them.
Mr. DANIEL. Sir, this question was thor-
oughly considered by this House at the last ses-
sion of Congress, and it does not appear to me at
all necessary that we should consume any more
time in unnecessary discussion. I therefore move
that the committee rise.
Mr. THOMAS asked the gentleman to with-
draw his motion, to allow him to read the act of
Congress.
Mr. DANIEL declined to give way.
The question was taken on the motion, and it
was agreed to.
The committee rose accordingly, and its chair-
man reported progress.
, The SPEAKER resumed the chair.
I Mr. DANIEL moved the usual resolution pro-
viding that the debate shall cease in Committee of
the Whole on the bill for the relief of the heirs of
General Thomas Sumter, in one minute after the
House shall have again resolved itself into a com-
mittee.
The question was taken on the resolution, and
it was adopted.
On motion by Mr. DANIEL, the rules were
suspended, ana the House again regolved itself
into a Committeeof the Whole House, (Mr. Ash-
huk in the chair,) and resumed the consideration
of the bill for the relief of the heirs of General
Sumter.
Mr. THOMAS. I will waive the reading for
a minute, for the purpose of moving an amend-
ment. I move to strike out the words " with the
interest thereon from the 1st of January, 1788."
Mr. Chairman, the gentlemen who have dis-
cussed this question seem to have desired to make
it a question of the veracity of the claimant. I
do not see that I am obliged to believe or disbe-
lieve that this whole transaction has been adjudi-
cated precisely as the laws and the usages of the
country demand. The statements of thesolicitors
as set forth in the memorial 
The CHAIR. The gentleman's remarks are
not relevant to the amendment. The bill is not
debatable.
Mr. THOMAS, (continued.) I will call the at-
tention of the House to the fact, that at the tin^e
of the passing of the act, (which if I had time I
would read,) passed 17th April 1794, so gftat was
the confusion in the records of the country, that
this act which provides for the loss of certificates,
requires that tneir previous possession must be
proved by two witnesses, and that notice of the
loss must ke given in the public newspapers for
six weeks prior to making the claim.
If such was the confused state of the public
records in 1794, that two witnesses were thus re-
quired to prove a loss, and the claim could only
be made after six weeks advertisement of the fact,
any man must see what must be the character of
this confusion of the records now, with fifty-six
years of added confusion piled upon it. Why,
this is the simple state of. things arising out of the
transactions of the Revolution.
I say that this very fact, that the Congress of
1794 legislated so as to require this greafprecision,
and accuracy, and trouble, and care, on the part
of those losing Government certificates, is clear
f roof that the records were in a state of confusion,
f so, then how much more now; if it was difficult
to identify a certificate then, how much more un-
certain now. We should be undertaking to legis-
late with a liberality, which fifty-six years ago
would have been looked upon as wanton waste, if
with no other evidence we acknowledge this claim.
Mr. WOODWARD. In this case, I have not
had prepared any evidence further than, and ex-
cepting the certificate, which I produce, and the
