THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $1 50 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 2b Session.
WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1850.
New Series No. 4.
Attorney General says on anything; that looks j
like Galphin. [Laughter.] I move, sir, to lay the I
motion to recoiisidcr on the table. 1
Mr. DUNHAM. I hope the gentleman \rill with- !
draw his motion to allow me to make a few re-
marks on this bill.
Mr. MARSHALL. I will not yield to the
gentleman from Indiana. I know he is aufuil in
tnis matter, as upon other revolutionary claims.
He has already been heard upon one revolution-
ary claim to-ilay.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, moved that the
House adjourn.
The qu^ion was taken, and the motion was
lost.
The question recurred on the motion to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. MORRIS inquired of the Chair whether it
was in order to move a call of the House ?
The SPEAKER replied that it was.
Mr. MORRIS then moved that there be a call
of the House, and on that motion demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered; and
The question being put, the House refused a call.
The yeas and nays were called for on the mo-
tion to lay the motion to reconsider on the table;
pending which,
On motion, the House adjourned til Monday.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. SIBLEY gave notice oC liis intention to introduce
bills ef the following tenor r A bin " to authorize the Legis-
lktive Assemblies of Minnesota and Oregon to lease the
sixteenth and thirty-sixth sections* of school lands, and for
other purposes." A bill to amend "An act entitled' An act
to establish the territorial government ofOregon,'" and " An
act to establish the territorial government of Minnesota."
A fail " for the relief of certain settlers on the public lands
and lor other purposes."
_ Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, gave notice of his inten-
tion to introduce a bill granting a portion of the public lands
of the United States to the State of Kentucky, to enable
her to complete certain railroads now in progress and con-
templated, within her borden.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, gave notice that he should ask
leave to introduce a bill for an act ia addition to an act
approved March 3d, 1819, entitled "Anact providing for
the correction of errors in making entries of land at the land
offices."
souri, for additional compensation for locating bounty land
warrants.
Also, a like petition from the register and receiver, and the
late register and receiver of the land office at Fayette,
Missouri.
PETITIONS, ice.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
finder the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. TAYLOR: The petition of Anthony Walker,
Senaca W. Ely, Thomas J. Winsliip, and John Hough, of
Chilicotbe, Ohio, praying compensation for locating mili-
tary bounty land warrants.
By Mr. EL IOT: The petition of William W. Dennis,
et. al., for a light-house on Lake Michigan.
By Mr. CKOWELL : The memorial of W. B. and A.
M. Lloyd, praying compensation for the use and occupa- !
lion of lots of land at the harbor of Cleveland, Ohio.
By Mr. IIAYMOND: The memorial of Richard W.
Moore, late clerk  f the district court of the United States
for the western district of Virginia, and clerk of the cir-
cuit court of the United States for the same district, pray-
ing payment of continuances, due him by law for services
as clerk of said circuit courts.
Also, the petition of 262 citizens of Lynchburg, asking
that Congrefe& will pass a law setting apart a portion of the
public lands to aid in the construction of the Virginia and
Tennessee railroad.
By Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania : The memorial
of citizens of Coudersport, Potter county, Pennsylvania,
praying for a repeal of the fugitive slave law.
By Mr. PHCENIX : The petition of James Davis and
other land officers at Vandalia, Illinois, for increased com-
pensation. I
By Mr. WATKINS: The petition of William Hicks, of ;
Claiborne county, Tennessee, for an invalid pension.
By Mr. KAUFMAN: The petition for a post route in
Texas, from Gum Spring post office, Smith county, via
Dillard's and Rural Retreat, to Canton, county-seat of Van I
Zandt.
By Mr. BISSELL: The petition of Jeremiah Smith,
praying Congress to allow him a pension for revolutionary
services. j
By Mr. FITCH: The petition of present and late re- ■
ceivers and registers of the land office at Wisconsin and In-
diana, asking eompensation for locating military bounty
land warrants.
By Mr. 8EDDON: The petition of John S. Gate wood,
for pay for a horse lost in the war of 1812, '13, '14.
By Mr. PHELPS: The petition of Hiram Edwards and
147 others, for a post road from Clinton, via George W. 1
Brummett's, William Crawford's, and James Boon's, to
West Point, in the Statoof Missouri.
Also, he petition of the register and receiver, and the late j
register and receiver of the land office at Springfield, Mis- ;
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 1G, 1850.
The House met at twelve o'clock. The Journal
of Friday was read and approved.
The following members, not heretofore an-
nounced, appeared and took their seats:
Mr. Stetson, of Maine; Mr. Meach am, of Ver-
mont; Mr. bennet,of New York; Mr. McQueen,
of South Carolina; Messrs. Morehead and Mc-
Lean, of Kentucky; Mr. Bowdon, of Alabama;
Mr. Mc Willie, of Mississippi; and Mr. Howard,
of Texas.
Mr. BRIGGS asked the unanimous consent of
the House to make Senate bill No. 24, for the
establishment of a branch mint in the city of New
York, and a branch mint and assay office in
San Francisco, California, a special order for U>e
second Tuesday in January next.
CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. STRONG rose to a question of privilege.
He said that he had been instructed by the Com-
mittee of Elections, to which was referred the
memorial of Jared Perkins, contesting the right
of George W. Morrison to a seat in the House
from the Third Congressional District of New
Hampshire, to make a report, accompanied by the
following resolution:
Retolvei, That George W. Morrison is entitled to the
seat which he holds as representative from the Third Con-
gressional District of New Hampshire.
Mr. S. gave notice that he would on Tuesday
next ask the House to take up and consider the
report. He moved that the report be printed.
The questioo was taken on the motion to print,
and agreed to.
Mr. ASHMUN made a request that the mes-
sage from the President lying on the Speaker's
table be laid before the House.
BRANCH MINTS.
The SPEAKER said that the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Briggs] had asked the unanimous
consent of the House to introduce a proposition to
make the bill to establish certain branch mints a
special order for the second Tuesday in January
next; and the question would first be on that prop-
osition.
Mr. JONES objected.
Mr. BRIGGS moved a suspension of the rules
to enable him to introduce the proposition.
The question was taken on the motion to sus-
pend the rules, and carried in the affirmative, ayes
104, noes 37.
So the rules were suspended.
Mr. WENTWORTH inquired whether it was
in order to move an amendment to the resolution,
to make any other measure a special order ?
The SPEAKER said, if it was a matter in con-
nection with the bill, it would be in order; but if
it was a separate and distinct bill, it would not be.
Mr. WENTWORTH said it was a separate
and distinct bill.
Mr. SPEAKER said, then it would not be in
order.
The question recurring on the proposition of
Mr. Briggs—
Mr. GOTT moved the previous question, which
•r received a second; and the main question was
ordered, under the operation of which it was
Ordered. That the bill of the Senate No. 24, entitled " An
act to establish a branch mint of the United States in the
city of New York, and a branch mint and an a^sayer's of-
, fice at San Francisco, in California, be made the special
order of the day for the 13th of January next, and so to
I continue from day to day until finally disposed of.
j Mr. BRIGGS moved a reconsideration of the
I vote hy which the above order was adopted, and
' moved to lay that motion on the table; the question
on which latter motion was taken, and agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following message from the
President of the United States:
Washington, Dec. 13,1850.
To the Senate and House of Representatives:
I have the pleasure of announcing to Congress, the
agreement on the part of Texas to the propositions offered
to that State, by the act of Congress approved on the ninth
day of September last, entitled " An act proposing to the
State ofTexas the establishment of her northern and west-
ern boundaries, the relinquishment by the said State of oil
territory claimed by her extenor to said boundaries, and of
all her claims upon the United States, and to establish a
territorial government for New Mexico."
By the terms of that act, it was required that the agree-
ment of Texas to the propositions contained in it, should
be given on or before the first day of December, 1850. An
autnentic&ted transcript of a law, passed by the Legislature
ot Texas on the 25th day of November last, agreeing to
and accepting the propositions contained in the act of Con-
gress, has been received. This law, alter reciting the pro-
visions of the act of Congress, proceeds to enact and de-
; clare, as follows, viz:
u Therefore, First. Be it enacted by the Legislature of
the State of Texas, That the State of Texas hereby agrees
to and accepts said propositions; and it is hereby declared
that the said State shall be bound by the terms thereof ac-
cording to their true import and meaning.
" Second. That the Governor of this State be, and he U
hereby, requested to cause a copy of tins act, authenticated
under the seal of the State, to be furnished to the President
of the United States, by mail, as early as practicable; and
also, a copy thereof, certified in like manner, to be trau£-
mitted to each of the Senators and Representatives of Texas
| in Congress, aad that tins act take effect from and after its
! passage. C.G. KEENAN,
"Speaker of Howe of Representatives.
' 4-JOHN A. GREEN,
! " President of the Senate.
" Approved, November^, 1850. P. H. BELL."
From the common sources of public information, ft
would appear, that a very remarkable degree of unanimity
prevailed, not only in the Legislature, but among the peo^-
1 pie of Texas, in respect to the agreement of the State to
that which had been proposed by Congress.
1 counot refrain from congratulating Congress, and the
country, on the success of this great and leading measure
of conciliation and peace. The difficulties telt, and the
dangers apprehended, from the vast acquisitions of territoiy
under the late treaty with Mexico, seem now happily
overcome by the wisdom of Congress. Within that ter-
ritory, there already exists one State, respectable lor the
amount of her population, distinguished for singular ac-
tivity and enterprise, and remarkable in many respects, from
her condition and history. This new State has come into
the Union with manifestations, not to be mistaken, of h&r
attachment to that Constitution, and that Government,
; which now embrace her and her interests, within their
I protecting and beneficent control.
I Over the residue of the acquired Territories, regular teni-
I tonal governments are now established in the manner which
j has been usual in the history of this Government. Various
' other acts of Congress may undoubtedly be requisite for
the benefit, as well as for the proper government, of thfese
so distant parts ot the country. But tiie same legislative
wisdom, which has triumphed over the principal difficul-
ties, and accomplished the main end, may safely be relied on
for wiiatever measures may yet be found necessary to per-
fect its work; so that the accession of these vast regions to
the United States, may rather strengthen than weaken, the
Constitution which is over us all, and of the Union which
affords such ample daily proofs of its inestimable value.
MILLARD FILLMORE. ,
On motion by Mr. ASHMUN, the message was
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
i state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
Subsequently,
j Mr. JONES moved to reconsider the vote by
i which the message was referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, for the
purpose of substituting a motion that the eommu-
nication be laid on the table and printed. He
could see no necessity for any discussion in coixv-
mittee on mere information to the Congress of the
I United States that Texas had accepted the propo-
sition of the last session of Congress. He hoped
that the House would reconsider the vpte, and that
the gentleman from Massachusetts would acquiesce
! in the proposition he then made,
-j Mr. ASHMUN saijl that he had no objection*
j The question was put, and the vote was recon-
! sidered; and the motion to lay on the table and
print was agreed to.
|[ The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House sundry Executive commu-
; nications, viz:
1 I. A letter from the Treasurer of the United
States, transmitting copies of his report of re-
,, ceipts and disbursements for the Post Office Depart-
j ment for the year ending 30th June, 1850; which,
; j On motion by Mr. BAYLY, was referred to
| the Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
| to be printed
il II. A letter from the Secretary of th^Interior,
