50
*
irinieiw
<^rin
E CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 13,
transmitting statement!
the contingent funds
several Bureaus, have
last year; which letter
ments were ordered to
printed.
CESSION OF THE PUBLIC DOMAIN.
MT. MEADE asked the unanimous consent of
the House to offer a resolution; which was read
for information, as follows:
Resohed, That a select committee of nine be appointed
to inquire into the expediency of dividing the public lands
among the States of the Union, for internal improvements
and educational purposes, in the manner and upon the con-
ditions following:
1st. The whole public domain to be surveyed as soon as
practicable, and laid off into parcels of or more town-
ships each, lying contiguous to or as near each other as
mav be.
2d. The said parcels to be assigned bv lot, from time to
time as the surveys progress, to the several States in pro
portion to their population; but each State in which there
are public lands to be at liberty to take its share out or the
lands situated within its own limits, which share, if less
than the lands so situated, to be assigned by lot.
3d. All gold, silver, and quicksilver mines to be reserved
to the United States.
4th. Each State to dispose of its lands in the manner it
may prescribe; but, after the expiration of — years from
the allotment, any citizen of the United States to be per-
mitted to settle thereon by paying to the proprietor State a
sum not exceeding one dollar and twenty-five cents per
acre.
5th. The States within which the lands may lie to im-
pose no tax thereon while tlicy remain the property of any
other State.
6th. Twenty per cent, of all net sales made bythe States
to be paid into the Treasury of the Uniled States, for the
payment and redemption of the principal and interest of
the public debt for which they are now pledged, until the
same be paid.
7th. The 16th section of each township to be reserved to
tile settlers thereof for school purposes.
And that said committee have leave to report by bill or
otherwise.
Objection was made to the introduction of the
resolution, and it was not received.
TREASURY REPORT.
Mr. JONES inquired of the Speaker whether
he had yet received the annual report of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury on finance?
The SPEAKER said he had laid before tlie
House all the communications which had been re-
ceived from the Executive Departments.
POSTAGE, HARBOR, AND HOMESTEAD BILLS.
Mr. WENTWORTH asked the unanimous
consent of the House to offer the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That House bills Yo. 351, entitled "A bill to
reduce and modify the rates of postage in the United
States;" No. 348, entitled " A bill making appropriations
for the improvement of certain harbors and rivers;" and
No. 310, entitled " A bill to encourage Agriculture, and for
other purposes"—being a bill to give a home to the
poor and landless, be made the special order of the day for
Wednesday next, and continue the special order from day
to day, in the order above named, until disposed of.
Objection was made by several.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved to suspend the
rules, to enable him to offer the resolution.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, called for a divis-
ion of the question.
The SPEAKER said, the resolution was not
before the House, and therefore a proposition for
a division was not in order.
Mr. WENTWORTH called for the yeas and
nays on the motion to suspend the rules; which
were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, inquired whether
the resolution was divisible, so that there could
be a separate vote on each bill embraced in the
resolution ?
The SPEAKER said that the question now
was on suspending the rules. The Chair had hot
yet examined the resolution to see whether it was
divisible. That question could not arise on the
motion to suspend the rules to receive the reso-
lution.
Mr. JOHNSON inquired whether, if the House
suspended the rules, the*e could be a division of
the question ?
The SPEAKER said that if the resolution was
received under a suspension of the rules it would
not be divisible, for the reason that the suspen-
sion comprehended the whole proposition.
Mr. VINTON inquired of the Chair whether,
if the rules were suspended, the resolution would
not be amendable ?
The SPEAKER said that the resolution would
be then open to amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON said that no doubt the previous
question would be called, and thus prevent it.
The question was then taken on the motion to
suspend the rules, and decided in the negative—
yeas 1SJ6, nays 80—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Allen, Anderson,
Andrews, Ashniun, Bennett, Bingham, Kissell, Bokee,
Booth, Bonlin, Breck, Briggs, Brooks, Buel, Burrows,
Butler, Joseph Cable, Campbell, Cartter, Casey, Chandler,
Clarke, Cleveland, Cole, Conger, Corwin, Crowell, Pan
ner, Dickey, Duninick, Disney, Duer, Duncan, Durkee,
Eliot, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans, Fitch, Fowler,
Gentry, Giddings, Gilbert, Gott, Gould, Grinnell, llallo-
way, Hampton, Harlan, Thomas L. Harris, Haymond,
Hebard, Henry, Hilliard, Houston, Howe, Hunter, William
T. Jackson, Andrew Johnson, Julian, Kerr, George G.
King, James G. King, John A. King, Preston King, Leffler,
Levin, Horace Mann, Job Mann, Harshall, Matteson, Mc-
Donald, McGaiighev, McKissock, Robert M. McLane,
Finis E. McLean, Meacham, Moore, Morehead, Morris,
Morrison, Nelson, Ogle, Olds, Otis, Peaslee, Peck, Phre-
mx, Potter, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds, Richardson, Risley,
Robinson, Rockwell, Root, Rose, Rumsey, Sackett, Saw-
telle, Schenck, Schennerhorn, Schoolcraft, Spauliling,
Sprngue, Stanly, Stetson, Sweetser,Taylor, James Thomp-
son, Thurman, Tuck., Underhill, Van Dyke, Vinton, Wal-
den, Waldo, Watkins, Wentworth, White, Whittlesey,
Wilmot, Wright, and \ oung—136. •
. NAYS—Messrs. Alston, Ashe, Averett, Bay, Bayly,
Beale, Bocock, Bowdon, Boyd, Albert G. Brown, William
J. Brown, Bullard, Burt, George A. Caldwell, Joseph P.
Caldwell, Clingman, W. R. W. Cobb, Colcock, Daniel,
Deberry, Dunham, Edinundson, Ewing, Featherston,
Freedley, Fuller, Gerry, Gorman, Green, Hall, Hamilton,
Hammond, Ishain G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Hib-
bard, Holladay, Howard, Hubbard, Inge, Joseph W. Jack-
son, Robert VV.J hnson, Jones, Kaufman, La Sere, Little-
field, Mason, McDowell, McMullen, McQueen, Meade,
John K. Miller, Millson, Morse, Morton, Orr, Phelps, Pit-
man, Robbins, Ross, Savage, Seddon, Sliepperd, Richard
H. Stanton, Thomas), Jacob Thompson, Venable, Well-
born, Wildrick, Williams, and Woodward—80.
So the rules were not suspended.
CHEAP POSTAGE BILL.
Mr. OTIS asked the unanimous consent of the
House to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That Bill No. 351, entitled " An act to reduce
and modify the rates of postage in the United States," be
taken from the orders of the day, and made the special order
of the day for Wednesday next, and each succeeding day
, until finally disposed of.
The resolution being read, objection was made
to its introduction.
Mr. OTIS then moved to suspend the rules of
the House, to enable him to offer the resolution,
and upon that motion he called for the yeas and
nays; which were accordingly ordered.
Mr. SCHENCK inquired if weare to go through
the business in its regular order in Committee of
the Whole and take up each bill as it occurs on
; the calendar, whether we should not get through j
I a great deal sooner than by these special orders? I
! The SPEAKER said that the question was not
' debatable.
The question was then taken by yeas and nays,
and resulted—yeas 146, nays 52—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Allen, Alston,
Anderson, Andrews Asbmun, Bay, Bennett, Bingham, Bo-
cock, Bokee, Booth, Breck, Brooks, William J. Brown,
Buel, Burrows, Butler, Joseph Cable, Campbell, Cartter,
Casey, Chandler, Clarke, Cleveland, Cole, Conger, Corwin,
Crowell, Danner, Dickey, Diminick, Disney, Duncan,
Dunham, Durkee, Eliot, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans,
Fitch, Fowler, Freedley, Gentry, Giddings, Gilbert, Gor-
man, Gott, Gould, Grinnell, Halloway, Hammond, Hamp-
ton, Harlan, Thomas L. Harris, Hebard, Henry, Hibbard,
Hilliard, Hoagland, Holladay, Holmes, Houston, Howe,
Hunter, Joseph W. Jackson, William T. Jackson, Julian,
George G. King, James G. King, John A. King, Preston
King, La Sire, Leffler, Levin, Littlefield, Horace Mann,
Job Mann, Marshall, Matteson, McCIeroand, McDonald,
McDowell, McGaughcy, McKissock, McLanahan, Finis
E. McLean, Meacham, John K. Miller, Millson, Moore,.
Morehead, Morris, Morrison, Nelson, Ogle, Olds, Otis,
Outlaw, Peaslee, Peck, Phoenix, Pitman, Potter, Put-
nam, Reed, Reynolds, Richardson, Risley, Robbins,
Robinson, Rockwell, Root, Rose, Ross, Rumsey, Sackett,
Sawtelle, Schenck, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Seddon,
Spaulding, Sprague, Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, Stetson,
Strong, Sweetser, Taylor, James Thompson, J. B. Thomp-
son, Thurman, Underhill, Van Dyke, Vinton, Walden,
Waldo Wellborn, Wentworth, White, Whittlesey, Wil-
drick, Wilmot, Wright, and Young—146.
NAYS—Messrs. Ashe, Averett, Bayly, Bissell, Bowdon,
Bowlin, Boyd, Albert G. Brown, Burt, George A. Cald-
well, Joseph P. Caldwell, Clingman, W. R. W. Cobb, Col-
cock, Daniel, Deberry, Edmundson, Ewing, Featherston,
Fuller, Green, Hall, Hamilton, I. G. Harris, S. W. Harris,
Haymond, Howard, Hubbard, Inge, A. Johnson, R. W.
Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, Mason, McMullen, McQueen,
McWillie, Meade, Morse, Morton, Orr, Phelps, Powell,
Savage, Shepperd, Richard H. Stanton, Thomas, Jacob
Thompson, Venable, Watkins, Williams, and Woodward
—52.
So the rules were suspended.
Mr. OTIS then demanded the previous question
on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. POTTER asked the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Otis] to withdraw his demand for the previous
question, to enable him to make a motion.
Mr. OTIS, in accordance with the request of
the gentleman fromOhio, [Mr. Potter,] withdrew
his demand.
Mr. POTTER. I desire to amend the resolu-
tion fixing the day for its -consideration. I pro-
pose that it be niaae the special order for Monday
next, instead of next Wednesday.
Mr. OTIS. I accept the amendment made by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Potter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state to
the gentleman from Maine, that he cannot modify
his resolution.
Mr. POTTER. My reason for proposing to
the House to postpone the consideration of the
bills to next Monday is, that the bills that were
printed at the last session have been all disposed
of, so that at present there are not enough in print
to supply the members of the House. I propose
to fix next Monday as the day for it^fcpecial or-
der, in order to give time for the reprinting of the
bills. I am informed that the printing can be done
by Monday next, and therefore move to strike
out "Wednesday" and insert "Monday next."
I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, which main question was
first on the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Potter.]
Mr. WENTWORTH said that they could
pass the bill before Monday next, and called for
the yeas and nays; but they were not ordered.
Tellers were then called for, and ordered, and
Mr. Allen and Mr. Sweetser were appointed.
The question being taken, the tellers reported—
ayes 76, noes 76.
There being a tie vote, the Speaker gave his
vote in the negative; so the question was lost.
Mr. WENTWORTH asked if, in a case of
this kind, it would be then in order to move a re-
consideration?
The SPEAKER said that it would not.
The question recurring on the acjoption of the
resolution, it was taken, and the resolution was
agreed to.
Mr. GOTT moved to reconsiderthe vote on the
adoption of the resolution and to lay that motion
on the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BOOTH, by unanimous consent, presented
certain resolutions of the Legislature of the State
of Connecticut on the subject of slavery; which
were laid on the table and ordered to be printed.
DEPOSITARIES OF PUBLIC MONEYS.
Mr. SEDDON asked leave to introduce a reso-
lution of inquiry; which was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the propriety of reenacting, by a
permanent law, the provision contained in the sixth section
of the act of the 3d March, 1849, by which reasonable com-
pensation is made temporarily to the depositaries of pub-
lic money, and to report, by bill or otherwise, in relation
thereto.
There being no objection, the question was ta-
ken on the resolution, and it was agreed to.
TERRITORIAL BILLS.
Mr. BOYD, from the Committee on Territories,
asked leave to report the following resolution:
Resolved, That the first Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday,
and Friday of February next, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, be set apart for the transaction of the busi-
ness of the Territories of Minnesota, Oregon, Utah, and
New Mexico.
Objection being made,
Mr. BOYD moved a suspension of the rules, to
: enable him to introduce the resolution.
The question being taken upon the suspen-
sion of the rules, it was agreed to.
The question then recurrring upon agreeing to
the resolution, it was taken, and carried in the af-
firmative.
Mr. ANDERSON asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce the following reso-
lution :
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be, and
they are hereby, instructed to inquire into the propriety
and expediency of reporting a bill extending the provisions
of the act approved August 7,1848, to pay certain Tennes-
see volunteers, to the field officers of the regiment embraced
by said act.
There being no objection, the resolution was re-
ceived.
Mr. BURT. I hope the.gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Anderson] will change the phrase-
