1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5S
under the law of 1848, by making any assignment
he pleases.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Allow me for a mo-
ment to ask if I understand rightly that the object
of this bill is to authorize the person receiving the
land warrants, to bequeath those warrants before
they have come into actual possession of the I
bounty land ? !
Mr. GORMAN. Yes. If the act proposed to
give him this power of assignment after the warrant
was in his possession, and location had been ef-
fected it would be totally superfluous.
If the object is to authorize him to bequeath this
warrant before it comes into his possession, in
other words, the right to bequeath his right to it,
I am opposed to it for reasons I have given here-
tofore.
I am unwilling to stand here and vote the pub- ,
lie land to any man except such as have been
pointed out by the law: first to the soldier, then
to his father and mother, then to his children, or
to his legal and lawful heirs. If he has neither
of these, the bounty of the Government is in-
tended to stop. But you say that he has a right
to devise his right.
Why does not he take his warrant, his right to the
issue of the warrant—why does he not make ap- '
plication and receive the warrant himself, and
make it assignable as he has a right to do under
the act of 1848?
What is intended to be accomplished by it ? I
suppose there has been some individual case,
where the soldier being about to die, who had no
father, nor mother, nor brother, nor sister, nor
aunt, nor uncle, nor cousin, made a will and
wanted to leave it to somebody else. He ought
not to have that right.
Mr. BISSELL. I am satisfied this subject can-
not be disposed of to-day. I therefore move that
the committee now rise.
The question being taken, there were sixty-six
in the affirmative, noes not counted; so the com-
mittee rose, and the Speaker having resumed the
chair, the chairman of the committee (Mr
Strong) reported progress.
On motion, the House then adjourned.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. GILBERT gave notice, under the rule, that he would
to-morrow, or some subsequent day, ask leave to introduce
a bill to create the office of surveyor general of the public
lands in California.
Also, a bill to grant donations of land and secure pre-
emption rights to settlers in California, and to prevent the
sale or alienation of any portion of the public domain with-
in said State to any but actual settlers or inhabitants thereof.
Also, a bill to grant to the State of California certain
quantities of the public lands lying within said State, the
proceeds of which to be appropriated to the promotion of
public education, objects of internal improvement, and other
purposes.
Mr. COLE gave notice of his intention to ask leave to
introduce a bill entitled "A bill granting to the State of
Wisconsin certain saline lands in said State for the benefit
and use of the University of the State of Wisconsin."
Also, a ball entitled " A bill granting to the State of Wis-
consin a township of land io complete the improvement
of Potosi harbor, on the Mississippi river."
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions and memorials were presented 1
trader the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. JULIAN : The petition of 190 citizens of Wayne
county, Indiana, praying the passage of a law allowing
agricultural newspapers and periodicals to pass through ;,
the mail free of postage.
By M* RUMSEY: The petition of General N. V. Kaick- '
erbacker, and 1201 others, citizens of Steuben county, New I
York, for reduction of letter postage to three cents on i
prepaid letters. ' I
Also, the petition of C. D. Thomas and others, of Steuben
county, New York, for repeal of the fugitive slave law. I.
Also, of Humphrey Sloan, and others, for same purpose. >1
Also, of John G. Abbott and others, for same purpose.
By Mr. PRESTON KING: The petition of Sylvanus
Burnham for a pension.
Also, The petition of Daniel Palmer for an increase of
pension.
By Mr. HIBB ARD: The memorial of Obadiah Mann and ,
others, in favor of the establishment of some new method
of settling difficulties between nations. '
By Mr. HOWE: The petition of Josiah Hutchman, and
80 others, citizens of Lawrence county, Pennsylvania, i
praying CongTess to repeal the fugitive slave law.
By Mr. BOBBINS: The petition of Curtis &. Hand, and a
number of other merchants and other citizens of Pennsyl- !
vania, asking Congress to make an appropriation for the
construction of a harbor on the eastern side of Reedy Isl- ,
and, in the river Delaware.
By Mr. MATTESON: The petition of the Wesleyan
Methodist Church of Camden, Oneida county, New York, .
for repeal of the "fugitive slave bill." I
By Mr. THURSTON: A memorial of acitiienof Oregon
Territory, asking an appropriation of $10,000 for custom-
house buildidgs at Astoria, and $5,000 for the construction
of a pier.
By Mr. COLE: A memorial of the late and present re-
ceivers and registers of the Vandalia land office, asking
compensation for the location of military land warrants.
By Mr. WENTWORTH: The petition of the past and
present land officers of Vandalia, Illinois, for extra com-
pensation for their services in receiving land warrants.
By Mr. CABLE: The petition of William B. Moore and
other citizens of Perry township, Carroll county, Ohio, for
a repeal of the fugitive slave law.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 16, 1850.
Mr. Atchison, from Missouri; Mr. Clay,
from Kentucky; and Mr. Douglas, from Illinois;
severally appeared in their seats.
FINANCES OF POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT.
The PRESIDENT of the Senatelaid before the
body a communication from the Treasurer of the
United States, showing the receipts and expendi-
tures for the Post Office Department for the year
ending June 30th, 1850; which was read.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, it was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, presented two me-
morials from citizens of Milwaukee, in the State
of Wisconsin, asking that light-houses may be
erected on the western shore of Lake Michigan,
at Bailey's harbor and Kewaunee; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. UPHAM presented the petition of the
heirs of Joseph Bradley, deceased, asking to be
allowed a pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, presented the me-
morial of officers of the army who served as aids-
de-camp to Major Generals, asking that the law
of 1816 may be so construed as to allow them the
additional ration provided for subalterns of the
army; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Also, a petition from the children and heirs of
R. S. Dix, deceased, late a paymaster in the army,
asking to be allowed a pension; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BORLAND presented the tnemorial of J.
D. Pollock, in behalf of the heir of Wm. Harper,
j asking to be allowed a quarter section of land in
| lieu of a like quantity ofnand granted said Harper
j for services in the last war with Great Britain, and
forfeited for taxes; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. MASON presented the memorial of Clara
M. Williams, asking indemnity for French spoli-
ations prior to, 1800; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
He also submitted additional documents in rela-
tion to the claim of the legal representatives of
Thomas R. Johnson and Anne E. Johnson; which
were referred to the Committee of Claims.
PEACEFUL ARBITRAMENT OF NATIONS.
Mr. WINTHROP. I have been intrusted with
a memorial from the American Peace Society, in
the following terms:
To the honorable the Senate of the United States:
The undersigned, on behalf of the American Peace So-
ciety, beg leave respectfully to call the attention of your
honorable body to the means of averting from our country
in future the calamities of war, and of rendering the ex-
ample of this great Republic as conducive to the peace, as
it already is to the civil and religious liberty of the civilized
world.
We will not trespass on the time of your honorable body :
by dwelling on the well-known and acknowledged evils of i
war, nor on the irrational and precarious arbitrament of the
sword in adjusting international controversies. j
Among the many cheering indications of the progress j
made at the present day in advancing the cause of human
happiness, one of the most important is the general solici- >
tude now felt, both in Europe and America, to devise sub- i
stitutes for war, and thus destroy one of the direst scourges
that has ever afflicted mankind.
Of the substitutes which have been proposed, one is a
Congress or Nations, embracing a convention of diplo-
matic delegates from different countries, to frame a code of
international law, which should be binding on the parties
to it, and mi international tribunal empowered to adjudicate
on all differences arising among them, which could not
otherwise be amicably adjusted.
But we would call your attention especially to another
substitute, as more immediately feasible, that of Interna-
tional Treaties, binding the contracting parties to refer
to arbitrators, chosen by themselves, such controversies as
may hereafter arise between them, and which they may
not be able to settle satisfactorily by negotiation. In Great
Britain, between-two and three hundred thousand persons
the last year petitioned for a parliamentary expression in
favor of such treaties. The wishes of the petitioners were
embodied in a motion, made by that distinguished friend of
human progress, Mr. Cobden? calling on the Queen to in-
vite, through the Secretary of Foreign Affairs, the foreign
Powers " to concur with Iter in treaties stipulating that the
respective parties, in the event of a future misunderstand-
ing that could not be arranged by amicable negotiation,
shall refer the matter in dispute to the decision of arbitra-
tors."
It might have been expected that a proposition tending to
such a radical change in the foreign policy of a powerful
and warlike nation would have excited not only ridicule,
but bitter opposition. The voice of the people, however,
so loudly expressed in favor of the measure, was heard
even within the walls of the House of Commons, where
so many members and their connections were personally
interested in maintaining the vast naval and military estab-
lishments of the kingdom. The motion was most respect-
fully received by the House generally, and particularly by
the Cabinet Ministers ; and no less than eighty members
recorded their votes in its favor. In an interview previously
granted to a special deputation from the Peace Congress,
held at Brussels, near the close of 1848, the Premier, Lord
John Russell, expressed the readiness of the British Gov-
ernment to entertain with favor a proposition from our own
Government for the adjustment of ail future difficulties be-
tween them by reference in the last resort to umpires mu-
tually chosen.
Thus is the way opening for the adoption of stipulated
arbitration as a permanent substitute for war; and in a re-
form so simple, so equitable, so easy of execution, and so
efficacious in closing the most copious source of human
misery, it is ardently to be desired that the glory and hap-
piness of commencing the blessed work may belong to our
own country. Your petitioners, therefore, respectfully pray
that your honorable body will refer this petition to a select
.committee, with instructions to report especially on the
practicability and expediency of treaties of arbitration as
substitutes for war.
In behalf of the American Peace Society, and by order
of its executive committee. WILLIAM JAY,
President of the American Peace Society.
CHARLES BROOKS.
Chairman of Executive Committee.
GEORGE C. BECKWITH,
Corresponding Secretary.
m WM. C. BROWN,
Recording Secretary.
Boston, November, 1850.
The memorial was accompanied by a letter re-
questing my personal attention to it, and express-
ing the hope that Congress would find both, an op-
portunity and a disposition, in the existing lull of
party and sectional strife, to take subjects like this,
into calm and favorable consideration.
I take great pleasure in presenting this memo-
rial, and of having such an occasion of expressing
my cordial concurrence in its general purposes ana
views. I have always believed that arbitration
presented the best substitute for war, though
there may be some cases, perhaps, where it might
not be easily or satisfactorily applied. I ventured
to express this opinion during the pendency of the
Oregon controversy, five or six years ago, in a
series of resolutions offered in the other House,
one of which was as follows:
Resolved, That if no other mode for the amicable adjust-
ment of this question remains, it is due to the principles of
civilization and Christianity that a resort to arbitration
should be had; and that this Government cannot relieve it-
self from all responsibility which may follow the failure to
settle the controversy while tliis resort is still untried.
And it is a somewhat striking and encouraging
circumstance that, although the Administration of
President Polk so resolutely refused the overtures
for arbitration upon this question which were soon
after made to them by the British Government, the
same Administration incorporated into the late
treaty of peace with Mexico the precise idea which
this memorial suggests.
The 21st article of the treaty of Guadalupe Hi-
dalgo contains this noble declaration:
"Article xxi. If unhapily any disagreement should
hereafter arise between the Governments of the two Repub-
lics, whether with respect to the interpretation of any stip-
ulation in this treaty, or with respect to any other particu-
lar concerning the political or commercial relations of the
two nations, the said Governments, in the name of those na-
tions, do promise to each other that they will endeavor, in
the most sincere and earnest manner, to settle the differen-
ces so arising, and to preserve the state of peace and friend-
ship in which the tw  countries are now placing them-
selves, using, for this end, mutual representations and
pacific negotiations. And if, by these means, they should
not be enabled to come to an agreement, a resort shall not,
on this account, be had to reprisals, aggression, or hostility
of any kind, by the one Republic against the other, until
the Government of that which deems itself aggrieved shall
have maturely considered, in the spirit of peace and good
neighborship, whether it would not be better that such dif-
ference should be settled by the arbitration of commission-
ers appointed on each side, or by that of a friendly nation.
And should such course be proposed by either party, it
shall be acceded to by the other, unless deemed by it alto-
gether incompatible with the nature of the difference or
the circumstances Of the case."
