88
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 16,
lower than the summit of Moot Blanc, and the -
other in the arid sands of the lowlands, under a
tropical heat, and both in a direction to cross suc-
cessive mountains or rivers, and both executed
in a style of accommodation that we do not pre-
tend to rival: military protection, safe lodging,
water, shade, baths, the perfume of odoriferous
shrubs! and mails, messages, and small-burdens
transported upon them at the rate of one hundred
and fifty miles a day, without horses and without
steam, by men running on foot alone. After seeing
such a system of roads on our own continent,
devised and established by such a people, what is
there to prevent us, the vanguard of the Anglo-
Saxon race, and the descendants of the elite of
Europe, to open the system of roads which my
bill proposes—a common road, on which the mail-
stage is to run one hundred miles in the twenty-
four hours, and a letter horse mail two hundred
miles in the same time—a railway on which the
cars are to fly, like the express trains in England,
forty-two miles to the hour—an electric line, along
which, and across the continent, people are to
communicate as tliey would hold converse across
a room?
Mr. President, if there ever was a time when
nationality and centrality should preeminently
govern the action of Congress in great measures,
this is that time; and the system of roads I pro-
pose is one of those measures.
I now ask leave to bring in the bill.
Leave was granted, and the bill was read.
A BILL to provide for the location and construction of a
central national highway from the Mississippi river, at
St. Loiiis, to the Bay of San Francisco, on the Pacific
ocean.
Be it enacted hy the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled^
That a district of territory one hundred miles wide, and ex-
tending from the western frontier of Missouri to the Pacific
ocean, and corresponding as nearly as may be to the central
latitudes of the United States, together with the revenue
from lands and customs in Cali fornia, Oregon, New Mexico,
and Utah, so far as not required for expenditures therein,
shall be set apart and reserved for opening communications
with California, Oregon, New Mexico, and Utah, by means
of a central national highway from St. Loui« to the Bay of
San Franci«co, to connect with ocean navigation in that
bay; with a branch of said highway to Santa F*, in New
Mexico ; and a branch to the tide-water region of the Co-
lumbia river, so as to connect with ocean navigation at that
point; and also a branch to the city of the Great Salt Lake,
if said central highway should not in its proper course pa«s
that city; and a breadth of fifty miles shall be set apart and
reserved for the location and construction of said branch
roads respectively.
Set. 2. And be it further enacted, That the said centra)
national highway shall consist of a system of parallel roads 1
adapted to different modes of travel and transportation, and |
a margin for lines of electro-telegraphic wires, whereof i
one common mad and one iron railroad shall be imniedi- I
ately opened and constructed; and such other roads shall j
be hereafter opened and constructed as Congress from time
to time may authorize; and in order that the said national
central highway may be. constructed on a scale commensu-
rate to its importance, and adapted to the wants of present
and future time, and in order to allow convenient space for
all the parallel lines of road which commerce and travel
may require thereon, a breadth of one mile shall be allowed
through the reserve of one hundred miles; and the said
branch roads shajl equally consist of a common road and
a railway, and such other roads as Congress may from
time to time authorize and direct, with a margin for a line
of electro-teleeraph wires, and a breadth of one thousand
feet shall be allowed through the reserve of fifty miles for
such branch roads each, respectively; and each track for
a road shall be entitled to a space of one hundred feet
wide, and the telegraph line to a space of one hundred feet
wide, and when finished the said iron railway, or ways,
shall never be subject to any toll or tax beyond that which
may be necessary to provide repairs; and the said common
roads shall be forever free from any toll or tax, and shall be
kept in traveling order by the care and expense of the Fed-
eral Government.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the President be
authorized and requested to cau«eall the authentic inform-
ation in possession of the Government, or in its power
to procure, necessary to show the practicability of a route
for said central highway, to be collected and digested into
brief memoirs, illustrated by topographical and profile
maps, to be laid before Congress as soon as possible; also,
that he be authorized and requested to cause further sur-
veys and examinations to be made, and the results to be
laid before Congress as soon as possible; and for that pur-
pose to employ as many citizcn civil engineers as may be
necessary.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted? That as soon as Con-
gress shall fix upon the route for said central highway and
branches, the President shall be and hereby is authorized
and requested to cause the Indian title to be extinguished
upon a breadth of one hundred miles, to cover the route of
said central highway; and also to extinguish the Indian
title upon suitable breadths of fifty miles each, covering the
said branch roads; and the location and construction of
the central highway shall immediately be commenced, both
for the common road and the railway, and with a force
calculated to finish the ctoimon road in one year, so as
to be passable for wagons and carriages, and the railway
in ten years.
Sbc. 5. fce tt fwriher enacted, That as toon as the
said common road is finished, the same shall be a post road,
and a daily mail carried thereon in wagons, or coaches, or ,
sleighs, when necessary, at the rate of at least one hundred
miles in twenty-four hours; and a daily horse mail for ,
light letters and printed slips, at the rate of at least two j
hundred miles in twenty four hours. I
Src. 6. -And be it further enacted, That as soon as said 1
railway, or any sufficient part thereof, shall be completed
and fit for use, the use thereof shall be granted, for a limited
time, to such individuals or companies as shall, by con-
tract with the Government, agree to transport persons, ^
mails, munitions of war, and freight of all kinds, public and
private, in vehicles furnished by themselves, overthe same,
at such reasonable rates as shall be agreed upon: Provided,
That if other roads shall hereafter be constructed on the
ground reserved for roads by this act, the same company
or persons shall not be allowed to have the contract for
transportation, or any interest in more than one road at the
same time.
Src. 7. Andbe it further enacted. That military stations
shall be established on the line of the central highwaj and
its branches, at such places a? the President shall direct.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That donations of
land, to the extent of one hundred and sixty acres, shall be
made to each head of a family, widow, or sinele man over
eighteen years of age, who shall be settled on the line of
said central highway and branches, and within the bounds
of the extinguished Indian claim, within twelve months
after the time of such extinction of title; and preemption
rights, to the same extent, shall be allowed to all similar
settlers after twelve months; and the residue of said re-
served districts, except gold mines and placers, and private
claims, or donations or preemption rights, shall be sold, and
the proceeds applied to the construction of the roads.
Sec. 9. Jlnd he it further enacted. That the sum of three
hundred thousand dollars, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, shall be and the same
hereby is appropriated, and placed at the disposition of the
President, to defray the expenses of carrying into effect the
third and fourth sections of this act, for the collection and
preparation of information and the extinction of Indian
titles necessarry to the selection and. location of the route
for said central national highway and branches.
Sec. 10. Jlnd be it further enacted, That it shall and
may be lawful for the President of the United States tocon-
tmct with the Mississippi and Pacific Railroad Company for
their interest in so much of said road as shall be within
the State of Missouri, and to purchase the same at a price
not exceeding th# ir actual expenditures, the said purchase
to be subject to the ratification of Congress.
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Roads and
Canals, and ordered to be printed.
PUBLIC LANDS IN INDIANA.
Mr. WHITCOMB, in pursuance of notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill provid-
ing for the surrender of certain bonds of the State of
Indiana held by the United States; which was read
I a first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Finance.
PRIVATE BILL.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of the
amendment made by the House of Representatives
to the bill for the relief of Gamaliel Taylor, late
marshal of the District of Indiana, and his sureties,
and the same having been concurred in,
Ordered, That the Secretary notify the House of Repre-
sentatives accordingly.
POTOMAC INSURANCE COMPANY.
On motion by Mr. MASON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill No. 43, en-
titled " A bill to renew and continue in force the
charter of the Potomac Insurance Company of
Georgetown," with an amendment of the House
of Representatives.
The amendment of the House of Representa-
tives was in the following words:
" Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the stockhold-
ers of said company shall be individually liable for the debts
of said company."
Mr. MASON. This is an insurance company
in Georgetown, District of Columbia, whose busi-
ness it is to insure persons against losses by fire.
Its charter, which was granted by Congress, ex-
pires on the 4th day of March next, and it is
because of the urgency of the case that I ask the
Senate to consider it now. The condition of the
bill is this: The Senate at the last session passed a
bill to extend the charter of that company for
twenty years. It has been in very successful oper-
ation for the last twenty years, and all the persons
who are insured have petitioned for the extension
of its charter. The bill passed the Senate at the
last session, was sent to the House of Represent-
atives, where it was amended, so as to require that
j the stockholders should be liable individually for
all the debts of the company. That amendment
came before the Senate, and the Senate concurred
in it. It was at a late period of the session, and
I then asked, in behalf of the stockholders, that
the Senate would reconsider its vote. The mo-
tion to reconsider was made by the Senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Atchison,] and the Senate did
reconsider it; and then, at my instance, the bill,
together with the amendment, was laid on the
table. The amendment has been once concurred
in, and the question now will be, will the Senate
concur in that amendment? I am informed by
members of the company that if this provision is
insisted on, it will necessarily lead to the termina-
tion of the company. There are other companies,
some of which have existed as many as thirty
rears, and they are not subject to this restriction.
have thought that it would probably meet the
approbation of the Senate, and perhaps meet the
concurrence of the House of Representatives, to
limit the amount for which the stockholders should
be liable to the amount of the capital which each
individual stockholder has embarked in that com-
pany; so that if the liabilities of the company
should require it, the whole stock of the company
should be contributed to the payment of its debts.
I therefore propose to modify it so as to make each
stockholder liable to the amount of his individual
stock, and if his stock is one thousand dollars,
that amount ifill be liable. I think there is noj-ea-
son why the property of the individual stockholder
should be liable further than to the amount of stock
held by each. I propose to add the following
words after the word " liable," "to the amount
of capital stock held by them respectively." It
will then read as follows:
" And be it further enacted, That the stockholders shall
be individually liable to the amount of stock held by them
respectively.,,
Mr. SEWARD. I desire to ask the Senator
from Virginia whether the stockholders who nold
the stock at the time the debt is contracted are to
be liable, or those in whose possession the stock
is when the action is brought? If personal lia-
bility of the stockholders is necessary to secure
the passage of the bill—it is not necessary, how-
ever, to obtain my*vote—then it seems to me that
the policy of the Jaw would require the burden to
fall on the stockholders at the time the debt was
contracted. Otherwise it will be possible for the
stockholders who create debts to exempt them-
: selves from those debts, and by a transfer of stock
devolve them upon successors who may be mere
men of straw or fraudulent assignees.
Mr. MASON. The amendment of the House
of Representatives requires that the stockholders
shall be individually liable; but whether they mean
that it shall apply to those who were sucn when
the debt was contracted, or to those who were
such at th£ time the payment is enforced, I am
unable to say. The amendment that I offer is,
that the liability shall be to the extent, and limited
by the extent of the amount of stock held by each
individual stockholder, instead of the whole amount
of his fortune. I am rather inclined to think that
the construction put upon the amendment of the
House will be that the stockholders at the time
the suit is brought will be those who will be liable
for the debts of the company. I have never had
occasion to consider the expediency of devolving
a personal liability upon stockholders of joint stock
corporations. I am aware that it is a principle
which has been adopted by many of the States in
regard to their banking institutions. It has never
been adopted by the State of Virginia, and I be-
lieve there is a wide difference between devolving
individual liability upon stockholders in banking
institutions and of doing it in the case of insurance
companies, or any company which has a charter
for any other purpose than that of dealing in
money. I submit, therefore, that, whatever may
be the proper construction of the amendment of
the House, the liability should be limited to some
definite amount, rather than that it should devolve
upon the stockholders to the extent of their for-
tunes.
Mr. EWING. I am well satisfied that this
provision, involving the stockholders in the loss to
this extent, when having taken stock in a com-
pany of this kind, an insurance company, is
wrong. It is wrong in principle. The amend-
ment made by the House is open to the objection
suggested by the Senator from New York, [Mr.
Seward.] If there be a fire, and a heavy loss
consequent upon it, it will be possible for indi-
