60
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 16,
thing like individual responsibility should exist— ;
something like an obligation on the part of the
stockholder* of this comnany, which would re-
quire them to take care and see to the management
of the corporation; and, if the first capital is act-
ually paid in and is all exhausted, that there
should be some additional responsibility and lia-
bility. I see no way of producing; this responsi-
bility, of insuring: this watchfulness, this vigilance
on tHe part of the corporators, unless you impose
upon them something like the liability which I
have mentioned. The principle is the same, what-
ever may be the amount of stock. Suppose they
have no capital; suppose thev just put in their
notes, as I have understood they sometimes do;
suppose nothing is actually paid in, and their capi-
tal consists of mere paper obligations; then the
liability, if the company should fail, would be
upon these Obligations, received in lieu of so much
real capital. Suppose they actually paid it in
good faith, and it is not taken for loss of property
by fire, but from mismanagement finds its way
out of the coffers of the company; and when a
fire actually occurs and liability takes place on the
part of the corporation, the person insured calls
for his pay and it is not forthcoming—it is not in
the vaults,"not in the strong box of the company—
in that case, unless you impose private liability
on the estates of the corporators, what responsi-
bility has the insured ? None whatever.
Now, sir, this is wisely limited, it seems to me.
By the amendment you make them responsible for
the debts of the corporation by a claim on each
corporator. To illustrate: If there be one hundred
corporators and a debt of a thousand or ten thou-
sand dollars, it falls upon the corporation, and
that debt, in case the individual liability has to
meet it, is divided among the whole one hundred
members, so that all that each individual has to
meet is one-hundredth part of the whole only, and
when he pays that he is exonerated by this amend-
ment. It is not, therefore, a liability upon each
corporator for the whole amount of the debt, but
a liability to the extent of the stock which he holds
in the corporation. It is limited to that; and that,
I think, will be a wise provision to secure that
vigilance on the part of these companies which
- they ought to exercise, inasmuch as they generally
make as much as from ten to twenty percent.,
and sometimes thirty per cent, per annum.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. And some-
times lose their whole capital.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Yes, sir; they some- '•
times lose their capital; but it is still a very good !|
investment for them, for they make their twenty jj
or thirty p«r cent, per annum; and you will find, 1.
by reference to the records of these companies, |
that they make enough to save their. capital very
soon, notwithstanding their risk; and it seems to
me to ask that a man should be liable for the debts
of the company only to the amount of his stock,
is not asking too much.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. There are
some other considerations in reference to matters
of insurance which ought to be taken into the ac-
count besides these stringent liabilities. It is to be
considered, when you grant a charter for a com-
pany, whether you will find those'who have the
capital to invest who will do so. That is a subject
necessary for consideration when legislating upon
tt. I do not know but a gentleman of large for-
tune might join a corporation Whose members are
individually liable for all the debts of the company
which might accrue from any contingencies that
might occur; I do not know but he might sub-
scribe to its stock. But I think he would consider
the matter long before he would do it—before he
took upon himself any liability of that description.
It is, therefore, a matter for our consideration
whether you will exact terms which will deter men
from making any investment at all. I know very
well that a state of things might grow up in the
process of insurance which would take all the
funds the company has, and all that could be raised
in the manner proposed by my friend from Ken-
tucky. But these contingencies do not often arise,
and it is very obvious that if a company is enter-
ing into the business of insurance, the more capi-
tal you exact of them, the more stringent terms
you impose on them, why, the more you must pay
for insurance. That follows of course. Ordina-
rily, what are called mutual companies are carried r
on without any capital at all. They have none
except what they derive from premiums; and they
are the very safest and best companies which ex-
ist in the community. I can now call to my mind
companies existing in my own immediate neigh-
.borhood, which have been in operation for twenty ,
years, and which never had a dollar of capital. They
relied during all that time upon the premiums paid
in to meet the losses and pay all the charges upon
the company. They have gone on successfully for
twenty years, and the premiums have met all the
losses, without any assessment upon anybody.
The consequence, I believe, is, that the insurance
costs a man about' one tenth of one per cent, in
seven years. That makes the insurance very safe,
and not burdensome on the community. This is
a great object to be attained. While I would vote
for a measure that would give security to those
who wish to be insured, I would avoid anything
which would deter men from entering such a com-
pany. I must confess that I think these compa-
nies must rather depend on their own reputation,
their own skill in doing business, than on any strin-
gent provisions of law, whether they get on suc-
cessfully or not. I suppose this company has some
capital. I suppose the Senator from Virginia can
state how much, if there is any. If they have,
and have paid in their capital, is not that sufficient?
Is not that all that can be reasonably exacted of
We proceed on the idea that they will do
If they do so, and then lose their
them ?
business fairly.
whole stock, is not that all they should be required
to lose ? But you propose that they shall not only
lose that, but double that sum. Some gentlemen
are for a more stringent law still; they are for
making a man who owns a single share liable to
the extent of his property, if necessary to satisfy
claims against the company. All that can be said
with regard to that is, that if such terms are im-
posed, men will not enter such a company. Pru-
dent men, at least, will not enter such a company;
and they are exactly the men whose countenance
and support is desirable. If this company has
paid in its capital, I think we ought not to make
them any further liable.
Mr. CLEMENS. It seems to me that the
argument of the Senator from Massachusetts,
when translated into plain English, means just
this and no more, that the members of the company
will not trust one another, but ask the public to
incur a risk they are unwilling to take on them-
selves. Are the public to be less guarded than the
individuals who compose the company ? Are we
to look to those who compose the company, or to
the public, in our legislation ? This is the safest
scheme of gambling I ever knew, as was demon-
strated by the argument of the Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Underwood.] They ought to be
made to pay out of their own property—when
they have any—for the debts of the company;
otherwise the public can have ho security against
fraud. For the purpose of placing my own views
on record, I have asked for the yeas and nays.
Mr. SEWARD. I shall vote against this amend-
ment. I suppose the object of extending this char-
ter is to secure to the citizens of this District the
benefit of insurance against loss by fire; and if the
only way in which Congress can do thatis by creat-
ing a company whose charter shall involve the per-
sonal liability of the fortune of each member, in
addition to the stock, it is my personal conviction
that they will sooner save this community from
the disasters from fire, by adopting the suggestion
made in the message of the President of the United
States for supplying the District with water. I
put it to the friends of this amendment to answer
me whether they have ever heard of or seen'an
individual underwriter against loss by fire; or
whether they have any knowledge of any associa-
tion which guaranties against fire risk, and which
has in its charter the feature of personal liability,
in addition to the loss of the capital subscribed.
The risks of loss by fire are so great that no individ-
aul underwrites against them. It is necessary, there-
fore, to call in capital by means of a corporation
or association, and the country is full of such in-
surance companies; they are scattered all over the
country, and they will he the underwriters against
losses by fire in this District if we adopt this
stringent principle now insisted upon. I think the
Senator who has charge of this subject tells us very
illi
of a charter on such terms. It strikes me, there-
fore, that it is better to declare at once that we
will not renew this charter at all, or else renew it
upon the only terms on which it can be executed
by the stockholders and be a public benefit.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I do not con-
cur in the opinion wliich has been expressed by
my friend from Arkansas, [Mr. Borland.] I do
not agree with him fn the unmitigated opposition
which he seemed to express to all corporations.
On the contrary, it seems to me that corporate
bodies have fallen- into the unhappy condition
which is expressed by our common saying of
"giving a dog a bad name and then killing him."
It is becoming a habit to denounce corporations
as such, and to presume that the name signifies
some monster, entirely alien to human affections,
human interests, and insensible to the discharge
of human duties.
I agree with the Senator from Alabama [Mr.
Clemens] that the only guide in considering ques-
tions of this kind, as in considering all questions,
is the public good—tJe ultimate general welfare
and the advancement of the whole society. And I
would ask my friend from Arkansas, if the whole
American people had shared in his opposition to
corporations, where we should now have been in
the advances which this country has made in the
general subject of improvement, the development
of its interior resources, and the whole enterprise
of our most enterprising population. It is v^ell
known to all of us that by the agency of individ-
ual enterprise, acting through corporations, every-
thing has been done which has given this country
its great stand in advance of all others. Individual
enterprise, acting through corporations, and act-
ing no otherwise, has cut all our canals, built our
railroads, encouraged and supported commerce
from one end of the Union to tne other. And we
, all know that without this agency individual en-
terprise would have been incompetent, absolutely
incompetent, to accomplish these great results for
the country. It is, therefore, no departure from
th6 principle that the general good is to be pursued
in all our legislation, to say that we must not only
have recourse to individual enterprise, embodied
in and acting through corporations, but that on all
suitable occasions it is a prime duty to the coun-
try to encourage individual enterprise acting
through such forms.
Now, what is a corporation? It stands dis-
tinguished from an ordinary copartnership in busi-
ness but by two circumstances. An ordinary
copartnership, according to the general principles
of commercial law, makes it necessary that when-
ever a partner dies the accounts of the partnership
shall be closed and settled; and, therefore, in the
regular couAe of things, immediately on the death
of a partner, the partnership operation's have to
cease, the concern to be wound up, and its trans-
actions adjusted. And therefore an ordinary
partnership, formed upon the principle of the
commercial law, is entirely inadequate to the
prosecution of those great purposes connected
with the public welfare, which require a contin-
uing and subsisting body always in existence.
The first object, therefore, of the creation of a
corporation is, to give continuance to the part-
nership, to enable it to exist and continue its
operations irrespective of the deaths of individual
members composing it. This is the first object.
The second object is, to make it a limited partner-
ship—limited in regard to the amount of liability
upon the individual members for the debts and
liabilities of the general concern. It is wisely pro-
vided by the general law, that when individuals
associate themselves for the prosecution of any
private business, whatever may be the amount of
their contributions, they shall each and all of them
stand responsible for tne total losses of the busi-
ness in wliich they are engaged. Itis a wise, just,
and necessary principle. It belongs then to the
! Legislature to determine what are those cases,
i and when they exist, in which the public interest
requires that this general rule of law, applicable
to ordinary partnerships, shall be annulled, modi-
fied, or suspended in regard to the prosecution of
particular enterprises. The whole affair, there-
fore, resolves itself in every instance into an in-
quiry, from the nature of the case, according to
the experience of our country and of mankind,
correctly that the stockholders will reject a renewal |] Will this business, upon the whole, be most bene-
