1850.
TOE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
61
ficially transacted for the public good by giving to
the proposed partnership the character of a cor-
poration ? That is the 'whole of it.
1 agree that, if gentlemen were to come here and
say that they were going to associate themselves
in the ordinary business of buying and selling
goods, and wish to have conferred upon them cor-
porate powers and corporate privileges, it would
be a request founded upon no reason. Public
good requires no such thing. We have found
from experience that the business of buying and
selling is adequately conducted; the market is suf-
ficiently supplied; private enterprise is suffi-
ciently developed for the purpose of carrying on
this particular branch of the enterprise of the coun-
try. Hence there is no need of conferring cor-
porate powers and privileges upon any body of
men for the purpose of buying and selling.
All countries that have done anything for the
general good, have been obliged to resort to cor-
porations; and all countries have resorted to them
without the additional stringent provision proposed
to be put upon this corporation oy the amendment
of the House of Representatives. I look upon the
whole case as resolving itself into these inquiries:;
Is the corporation which this bill proposes to con-
tinue important to the public interests ? will it give
an efficient aid to commercial enterprise? will it
forward the general interests of the community ?
If it will not, do not incorporate it at all; if it will,
you should incorporate it in the usual, general !
form, without setting out with a manifestation of
jealousy against these corporations, which this:
amendment seems to suppose.
It was said by the Senator from Alabama that,
according to the statement made by the Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Davis,] these corpora-
tors were afraid to trust one another, and therefore
the public should be cautious not to trust them. It
seems to me that that is not a just and impartial
statement of what the Senator from Massachusetts
said, or of anything that can be justly deduced
from it. Let us suppose a case. Here are ten, or
fifteen, or twenty individuals, who each have a
surplus capital of $15,000 or $20,000, which they
are willing to invest and put in the charge of direct- 1
ors, to be employed in the prosecution of this
particular enterprise. They have the amount of
confidence in them which individuals ordinarily
repose in one another. But it argues no great i
distrust in the honor and integrity of another man I
to say, " I am willing to a limited extent to stake
my property upon your judgment and discretion; |
but I am not witling to put everything I have and
everything which I may hereafter acquire in your
power; I am not willing that all of which I am
possessed, or may be possessed, shall be subject
to being lost in consequence of your bad arrange-
ment and indiscretion." Confidence from man to
man must necessarily be limited. I have confidence
in a great many men; I have a full and generous i
confidence; but there lives not that man upon earth !
to whom I would intrust the power to dispose as'
he pleases of everything I have. We do not sup-
pose frail and finite bangs like ourselves to be:
wanting in integrity, but we know that the most
intelligent men are often wanting in judgment, and
make mistakes in the transaction of business. '
Suppose the individuals who are incorporated as
a company are not individually liable: who is
hurt by the arrangement ? The corporation has
no individual responsibility beyond the sum con-
tributed to the capital stock.* What this corpora-
tion is appears upon the statute book. No man is
under any obligation to insure with them. He
knows the corporation; he knows the amount of
their capital; he knows the extent of their liability j
to him for his loses; and he voluntarily enters into
an engagement to pay the premium whieh they <
ask, and trust to their responsibility. No injury
is done to him. He has taken his policy with his
eyes open, and with a perfect knowledge of its i
value. j
With regard to the case stated by the Senator
from Alabama, of a supposed fraudulent contri-
vance of this corporation, losing its whole capital,
and then fraudulently undertaking to enter into ,
other arrangements for the prosecution of business
with a knowledge that their capital was gone, and
they had no means of meeting their engagements,;
let me tell that Senator that, according to my im-
pression, such a case as that requires not the aid
of law. The courts of equity, in the exercise of
their ordinary jurisdiction, would lay hold of the
parties cognizant of the fraud, and compel them,
to the utmost extent of their ability, to meet the
loss which may have been incurred by this act.
Such a provision as the one proposed is unnecessary
to make the corporators responsible for the fraud-
ulent abuse of the powers intrusted to them. The
existing law provides for that. The only question
is, whether you will make the corporators respon-
sible beyond the amount of capital contributed for
the ordinary contingencies that may arise in the
prosecution of business, which cannot always be
guarded against, even by the exercise of a careful
foresight, accompanied by an honest intergrity of
purpose. That is all. If there is any fraud prac-
ticed by business being carried on, and policies
issued after the capital has been exhausted, the
courts of equity will make the parties responsible,
not merely to the extent of the amount contribu-
ted, but to their utmost ability to make good the
losses sustained.
It seems to me, therefore, Mr. President, that
the amendment sent to us by the House of Rep-
resentatives is an unwise one, not on account of
any injury it may do to the corporators, but on
accounts of its not having a proper and indulgent
regard to the general interests of the community
proposed to be subserved by the continuance of
this corporation. The whole question, in my
judgment, resolves itself into the inquiry: Ought
this corporation to be established at all? If it
ought, establish it, and continue it in its original
form without any additional provisions. If it
ought not to be established, do not establish it at
all, the public good being the sole rule to guide us
in this matter.
I cannot understand upon what principle the
amendment is founded. If this company is to be
regarded as an ordinary partnership for the trans-
action of business for their own emolument, and
to fall under the rules of such partnership, then
they ought, each and all of them, to be responsi-
ble to the entire amount of their ability to pay.
But why do you pitch upon the amount the party
has contributed to the fund in order to estimate his
additionall lability ? Jf he has put in 410,000, and
is responsible for that amount only, he is not re-
sponsible beyond it. But if he is responsible be-
yond that amount, why do you limit the additional
responsibility to ten thousand dollars ?
And it seem io me that the amendment which is
proposed to the amendment is supported by no
principle. The parties ought either to be treated
as corporators, in an establishment erected because
it is important to the prosecution of thegeneral com-
mercial business of the community, and therefore
incorporated upon the usual terms; or you ought
to say, " We will give you a corporate capacity
in order to continue you in active operation, and
prevent the necessity of your association winding
up by the death of one of its members, and yet we
will hold you to an unlimited responsibility."
I am unable myself to see upon what principle
it is that the medium ground has been adopted. I
am opposed to the whole amendment, and I hope
the bill will receive the sanction of the Senate in its
original form, unincumbered by the amendment of
the House.
Mr. BORLAND. As my honorable friend
from North Carolina [Mr. Badger] has honored
my remarks with a somewhat elaborate notice, I
must trouble the Senate with a few words in re-
ply.
In the first place, I repeat what I said before—
none of my remarks had or have any particular
application to this Georgetown company. I
know nothing of it, except from the bill before us.
My honorable friend from North Carolina [Mr.
Badger] asks the question, what would have been
the present condition of our country but for corpo-
rations? I know the Senator's habit of pleasantry,
and therefore, notwithstanding the somewhat
grave and emphatic manner in which he put this
question, and then proceeded to answer it, doubtless
to his own satisfaction, and certainly to the edifi-
cation of all who heard him, I feel authorized to
regard it as approximating very closely tb a jest
on his part. And in any view of it, I cannot deem
it necessary, at this age of the world, at any rate
in this era of our own country, before this Senate
to enter at any length into either a history of cor-
porations (moneyed corporations I mean, of
course) or the consequences which have flowed
from them. But I do not hesitate to answer the
Senator's question, in terms almost as brief, and
to the full as pointed, as those in which he put it,
that had we never had any such corporations our
country would have been in afar better condition than
it now is. This is my opinion, and in it I have little
doubt I have the concurrence of a decided major-
ity of the people of the United States. If such be
not the case, then I confess myself a very poor in-
terpreter of the popular sentiment. I am of opin-
ion that many, if not most of the evils which
have come upon and now beset our country and
embarrass its legislation, have resulted directly
or indirectly from the operations and influence of
moneyed corporations.
I may be pardoned, too, I trust, if I give ex-
pression to this opinion with some emphasis, even
with some feeling; for, really, it is not only an
opinion, but a sentiment, in which my constituents
fully participate, and have painful cause to cher-
ish. My State, even at her birth, was cursed with
corporations; and, from that day to this, she has
suffered in her business and her reputation from
that early curse, which, like original sin, has fol-
lowed her, or, like the shirt of Nessus, has stuck
to her, turn which way she would, crushing her
to the earth with almost hopeless labor, paralyzing
her enterprise, and postponing the day of her
prosperity. She came into the Union at an unfor-
tunate period for her own good. It was in 1836,
when the mania for banksx pervaded our whole
country, and swept like a pestilence (and a moral
and political pestilence it was) over the land. In-
fected from the grejt fountain-heads of corruption,
the very atmosphere conveyed die poisonous in-
fluence even to so remote a region as Arkansas
(" the far West") then was. Even in our con-
stitution provision was made for two banks; and
almost the first State Legislature, seeking models
in the then most enlightened sections of the coun-
try, .established what the constitution permitted,
and certainly intended—for it was all, doubtless,
the handiwork of the same financial architects and
political engineers. The consequences were, and
speedily, just what they had been elsewhere, and
what men, not carried away by a mania, must
have foreseen—bankruptcy and pecuniary ruin.
Mr. BADGER. The banks were badly man-
aged.
Mr. BORLAND. It may have been so. But I
do not believe it was in the financial skill of man
to have produced a result very far different from
what actually occurred. In the then state of the
public mind—bank mad, as I have said—I believe
it was impossible. Bad management there doubt-
less was; but then the work was all of a piece.
The system was radically wrong. It was unsound
in principle, and it was but fitly administered in
mischievous and ruinous practices. I am gratified
in being able to say, however, that, with the
bursting of the bubble, which, filled with poison-
ous air, had been blown to us from the older and
parent States, our people recovered their senses, in
regard to banks at least. And, although it may
be a long time before we get entirely over the ef-
fects of a cause so pernicious* we availed of the
first moment of reestablished reason to guard
against a recurrence of the evil. Our constitution
was amended, and now positively prohibits the
existence of any more banks within our limits.
But my honorable friend says that my denunci-
ation of corporations was too general and sweep-
ing. Because some corporations, says he, have
resulted in evil, it does not follow that others
should. I reply to that by an illustration of my
opinions and feelings from natural history. In
the great seheme of the creation of the occupants
of the earth, the same general form and appear-
ance has been impressed upon all of the serpent
tribe; and, as if to protect man and animals against
the venom of a portion of that pestilent tribe, there
seems to have been implanted in every heart an
instinctive aversion to the whole of them. There
are not, I apprehend, many animals upon the face
of the earth—I doubt whether there be a human
being, that, upon seeing a snake, no matter of
what kind, does not feel this instirictive aversion,
and the impulse to destroy the reptile. The natu-
ral instinct of man is, certainly, to bruise with his
heel the serpent's head. Whether we derive this
