63
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 16,
propensity from the primeval ordinance in man's
expulsion from Eden or not, we have it. Now,
we know very well that, of the numerous family
of serpents, there are, comparatively, very few
that are venomous. Naturalists have found but
four or five, I believe, in our whole country. In-
deed, we know that a vast majority of these hide-
ous* things are not only harmless to man, but
serve often a useful purpose in exterminating
numerous tribes of smaller and more troublesome
reptiles and vermin. Be this, however, as it may,
this instinctive aversion to the whole tribe con-
tinues; and I venture to say that no man, except
perhaps some trained naturalist, ever sees a snake
without feeling; the impulse to destroy it. I will
not except my friend from North Carolina from
this law of human organization. It may be that,
if time be allowed and opportunity offer for a
careful examination, the outlawed snake may be
allowed to go free and unharmed, if it should be
discovered that he is without flings and harmless.
Well, sir, the natural instinctive aversion which
■we all feel toward the serpent tribe, is not deeper,
more fixed, or more active, in any man, than is
my aversion to all moneyed corporations. They
all wear the same general form and aspect to me.
It may be, as with the snakes, that many are
fangless and harmless. But, in my eye, they are
all snakes—many of them "snakes in"the grass."
And, although f will not say that all should abso-
lutely and at once be destroyed—indeed, will not
deny that some useful ones may be found—yet I
confess that whenever I see one, my instinctive
impulse is to put my heel upon its head. -
My honorable friend, perhaps, may call this
instinct of mine against corporations a Democratic
instinct. Well, I will not deny it. Indeed, I
verily believe it is; especially as I find so few of
my Whig friends partaking of it. Assuming,
then, that it is a Democratic instinct, the most "it
will permit me to do in the way of toleration to-
wards corporations is to pause long enough before
striking to ascertain whether that which looks so
like a snake has really fangs or not. If it has
not, then I may be persuaded, perhaps, by the
eloquence of my honorable friend, to let the crea-
ture pass. But if, upon examination, I find the
fangs, 1 must be allowed either to pull them out or
kill the monster that wears them. It would be
unsafe and improper to let it go at large in the
community. Now, I have examined this corpo-
ration, this silvery monster which coils itself up in
the bill now before us. I have found the fangs .,
within its jaws. We must be permitted to pull
out these fangs, or I shall join in putting it to
death.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, my friend from
Arkansas has given very satisfactory reasons for
his great horror of corporations. lie informs us
that in his State they started under the influence
of the " corporation mania;" and these corpora-
tions inflicted the greatest evils upon his State. I
can understand perfectly well, therefore, why the
very moment he sees a corporation he regards it
with that instinctive loathing and abhorrence
which a man feels for the serpent tribe. But he
should recollect that I did not speak of the opera-
tion of corporations when instruments in the
hands of madmen. If the people of Arkansas
were under the influence- of a "mania," they
would endanger themselves by the use of corpora-
tions, just as madmen endanger themselves and
others with very useful instruments. Knives and
forks are very useful instruments, but in the hands
of madmen they may be made to commit great
mischief.
I shall not say a single word in behalf of cor-
porations that spring up under the influence of a
"corporation mania," not more than I would of
any other operation carried on under the influence
of a monomania. If the people of Arkansas have
first run mad upon the subject of corporations,
and, having endangered themselves, have become
as it were "snake-bitten" with their horror in re-
gard to them, I can readily account for the course
pursued fry my honorable friend from Arkansas.
Hut I have lived in a State where the people are
sane, and have always regarded corporations as
useful instruments, for the just and legitimate
purposes for which they were intended, and never
have fallen into any extravagant admiration of
them, never having fallen down and worshipped
them, never having looked upon them as at all
superhuman, but considering them as ordinary
instrumentalities for the accomplishment of ob-
jects prudent, discreet, and proper. We have
been able to get along not only without sustaining
injury, but deriving great benefit from them, never
having been touched, as my friend seems to have
been, with this "mania." I have always been of
the opinion that corporations in the hands of sane
men, under the direction of a sound-minded per-
son, like the Senator from Virginia, who is not at
all corporation mad, would be beneficial. I am,
therefore, opposed to putting on this company the
limitation which has Deen adopted by the House
of Representatives. t
The question then was upon concurring in the
amendment of the House as amended.
Mr. MASON. The question on the amend-
ment as amended is equivalent to the question on
agreeing or disagreeing to the amendment of the
House as it has been amended.
The PRESIDENT. Certainly.
Mr. MASON. If the Senate disagree to the
amendment as amended, then they reject theamend-
ment of the House.
The PRESIDENT. Most assuredly.
Mr. MASON. The District of Columbia, as
has been suggested by the gentlemen before me,
in the Congress of the United States, stands very
much as a mouse under the receiver in the hands
of the philosopher, to see how far they can exper-
iment in legislation upon those to whom they
are not responsible. This has been forcibly im-
pressed upon my mind by this fact. The ques-
tion here is upon extending the charter of a
company to insure against fire in the city of
Georgetown, and it is proposed to modify that
charter in a manner new to the people of the Dis-
trict, by devolving individual liability upon the
stockholders. If that is to be done, it is to be
done for the benefit of those who are insured.
They are those who are interested. Yet I have
before me a memorial, signed by one hundred
and sixty-four of those who are now insured in
that company, asking Congress to forbear from
imposing this individual liability upon the stock-
holders. The very persons for whom this benefit
is designed ask for no such benefit, and the rea-
son assigned is, that they have done well for thirty
years under their charter, unaffected by such a
clause; that this company is of great importance
to the business of the town of Georgetown; that
: they should have such a corporation, and they
tire satisfied that jf this new provision be intro-
duced the corporation must cease to exist. I do
not know how many are insured by this company;
i but this memorial is signed by one hundred and
sixty-four of those who are insured, and I recog-
nize amongst them gentlemen known to me per-
sonally as embodying a large portion, if not the
larger portion, of the intelligence, the wealth, and
the responsibility of that community who are
insured in this company.
Mr. BADGER. I would ask the gentleman
from Virginia whether any of the gentlemen whose
names are attached to that memorial have "dem-
ocratic instincts ?"
Mr. MASON. I take it for granted that some
of them have. Some of them are known to me as
Democrats in party appellation; and what their
instincts are may be supposed from that appella- I
tion. The memorial reads thus:
"The memorial of the undersigned respectfully shows,
that they severally have insurance on their property against
loss bv fire, effected in the office of the Potomac Insurance
Company of Georgetown, in the District of Columbia, and
have been, most of them, many years in the habit of effect-
ing such insurance in said company.
" In so dealing with the said company the undersigned
knew that they had no other reliance for the pavment of
any tosses than the capital of the company, and the up-
right character of those to whom the management of its
affairs is committed, and with this security they have here-
tofore been, and are now contented.
" The undersigned are not interested as shareholders in
the Mock of the said company. They consider the exist-
ence of the said company under its present charter a great
convenience to the people of this community, and would
very much regret to see it so changed as to involve the per-
sonal liability of the stockholders for the risks of the com-
pany, being well satisfied that no insurance company could
exist, as none does exist, subject to such a provision.
" They therefore respectful! v pray that the charter of the
said oompany may be renewed without alteration."
These are they for whom this benefit is intended,
and they ask that it be withheld. I shall vote
against the amendment as amended, because I
cannot concur in the provision in any form.
Mr. MANGUM. Mr. President, I am opposed
to the amendment as it came from the House, and
I am opposed to it as it has now been amended
by the Senate. I should have indicated my oppo-
sition earlier, but for the fact that I did not choose
to interpose to thwart any interest or desire on
the part of the Senator from Virginia, who is en-
titled to be heard as chairman of the Committee
for the District of Columbia.
It must be obvious to every one that this idea
has worked its way into the public mind on ac-
count of the enormities and losses of the late
Bank of the United States. These losses were so
enormous, and the frauds were supposed to be so
obvious, that the odium that itacquired in the pub-
lic mind spread to all banking institutions.
On this subject there is great diversity of opin-
ion amongst intelligent men throughout the coun-
try. A great deal of odium is heaped upon all
wno are engaged in dealing in money. And it
might be perfectly right and proper that such a
provision as this should be incorporated into the
charter of a banking association or company.
But I cannot see any good reason for putting
such a clause into the charter of a fire insurance
company. They neither enhance the injury that
results to the public by reason of a fire, nor can
they diminish it. As my colleague very properly
observed, every person who has his property in-
sured knows the capital of the company, and what
reliance he has for indemnity in case he should lose
his property by fire. I shall have to disagree to
the amendment as "amended, for this and various
other reasons which have been so well stated by
those who have preceded me.
Mr. CASS. I am in favor of the principle of
the individual responsibility of stockholders in
corporations; and I believe a dear-bought convic-
tion has satisfied the American people that those
who reap the advantage should run the risk. I be-
lieve that if a body of men require the machinery
of a corporation to carry on their business, they
ought to incur the same liability that they would
in carrying on their own private concerns. That
is my conviction.
But I rose principally to make a remark in an-
swer to a suggestion from the honorable Senator
from Virginia, that the people of Georgetown have
not asked this form of corporation. Mr. Presi-
dent, here is a great principle that many of us feel
to be involved in this matter. Are we under any
obligation to vote for a charter contradicting this
principle because we are asked to do it ? If there
w no risk, where is the injury of that provision ?
And if there is risk, those who reap the advantage
should run the risk.
Mr. BERRIEN. Mr. President, if the princi-
ple which is stated by the Senator from Michigan
were really applicable to this case, the conclusion
at which ne arrives might be fairly deduced. But
does the principle apply to the corporators of a fire
insurance company ? Will not the people of the
community derive benefit from the incorporation,
and from the acts of that corporation ? Is it bene-
ficial in a community to have the means by which
property shall be insured against risks, against
which such companies effect insurance ? And can
that benefit be insured to the individuals of a com-
munity without an association of capital ? Is there
any case in which insurance against fire is effected
by individual capital? Is it not indispensable,
therefore, in order to give to the parties the benefit
which results from the means of effecting such insu-
rance, that there should be an association of capi-
tal ? And if this be indispensable, then the bene-
fit is not exclusively on the part of the individuals
who insure, but it is a mutual benefit of the insu-
rer and insured.
If insurance can be accomplished in no other
mode, why is it that, for that which is mutually
beneficial, you should require one of the parties to
involve himself in a liability to the whole extent
of his property. Certainly, as was said by the
Senator from Virginia, you propose to do it for
the benefit of the insured. But tne answer is ob-
vious, that, while you are seeking to confer a bene-
fit upon them, you are in truth depriving them of
a benefit. In the charters of the various fire in-
surance companies which exist throughout the
country, do gentlemen find this provision in rela-
