1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOfcE.
63
tion to individual liability ? They may find it in
the charters of banking corporations, but they do
not find it in the charters of companies of this kind.
Most certainly not; and because the reason sug-
gested by the honorable Senator from Alabama hj
not applicable to a corporation of this kind. The
proposition is, that if these stockholders cannot
trust each other, why should the public trust them? i.
Sir, the losses against which corporators in a
ire insurance company have to guard are not losses
resulting from the misconduct of the directors.
They result from the destructive operation of that
element against which they insure. You may
carry on the business of an insurance company j
with all possible skill and discretion, and yet your '
capital may all be swept away by an extensive
conflagration. It is against that, and not against
the misconduct of the directors, that the stockhold-
ers have to guard. Therefore they should not be
required to commit themselves to a liability coex-
tensive with the whole amount of their property.
But again: I am opposed to this amendment be-
cause it would be a failure in practice. Even
amended as it has been, what does it amount to?
That the party shall be liable for the amount of
his stock, and that the liability shall be limited to
persons who were stockholders at the time when
the debt was contracted, or the liability incurred.
The company issue a policy. When is the debt
contracted? When is the liability incurred? A
contingent liability is incurred when the policy is
signed, and the liability becomes absolute when
the loss is incurred, ana proof is made of loss in
the terms of the contract. Then only is there a
debt existing. Now, then, an individual may have
been a stockholder at the time the policy was is-
sued, and may have ceased to be a stockholder,
and another person may have become a stock-
holder anterior to the occurrence of the loss, and
is a stockholder at the time the debt is ascertained
to exist by the fact of the loss and proof of it be-
fore the corporation. Which is liable?
Mr. President, I really hope the Senate of the
United States, looking to the fact of the indispens-
able necessity of associated capital for the pur-
pose of accomplishing a great benefit to the commu-
nity, will not restrict the charters which they may
grant in such a way as to induce the stockholders j
to refuse to receive the charter. Besides, I under- i
stand that there are other insurance companies in
the District of Columbia upon whom this addi-
tional liability is not imposed. What, then, will
be the consequence? There have been several in-
surance companies existing here. Here is one
which has conducted its business in such a way as
to merit a renewal of their charter, and instead of
renewing the charter on terms of equality with
those already existing in the District, you impose
upon them an additional liability, which will de-
prive them of the benefit which, by the act of re-
newing the charter, you profess to give them. I
have nothing more to say.
Mr. CASS. I do not wish to detain the Sen-
ate, but I wish to say a few words in answer to
what was said by the Senator from Georgia. He
sees an objection to the principle I laid down, in
the fact that there is a mutual benefit resulting
from the principles of a fire insurance company.
So there is supposed to be in every other case.
What would be the use of a bank if it was not to
be of some benefit to those to whom it loaned
money ? So with a marine insurance company,
and so with this kind of insurance. What the
insurers gain is the premium and the interest, and
for that they are to run the risk of the loss of their
capital.
The honorable Senator says, likewise, that in
the insurance of buildings, they run a different
kind of risk from that run by banking institutions.
He says they do not run the risk of misconduct
on the part of the directors. So a bank may be
burnt down or the funds stolen without any charge
of negligence being justly founded against the di-
rectors. So may the building used by a fire insur-
ance company be burnt down. And that is a risk
which these parties know they must run before
they engage in the business. I have no fears at
all that there will be no insurers if we do not es-
tablish a monopoly. I have heard this before. I
have heard this whole argument twenty years ago.
It is well known that since the individual-liability
clause has been put into the charters of the banks,
there are a great many applications for the estab- |
lishment of hanks. And so it will be in this kind ;
of business. If twenty men wish to establish a
mercantile association, a fire insurance company, i
or a banking company, I think the common law
doctrine ought to apply, that he who is to reap the .
advantage should run the risk. j
^pMr. MASON. I wish to suggest to the Sena-
tor from Michigan, with very great deferehce, that
the views expressed by him to-day are in express
contravention to that great doctrine of non-inter-
vention which he has not only adopted as his pe-
culiar star, but which he has recommended to the
American people. The doctrine of non-interven-
tion, as I understand it, is, that the United States
have no right to legislate for the Territories at all.
Mr. CASS. Will the honorable Senator allow
me to interrupt him? Instead of practising the
doctrine of non-intervention, he is asking me to
intervene, and asks us to pass this law. If we
have a right to pass the law, we have a right to
impose any restrictions we please.
Mr. MASON. The Senator did not hear me
out. The doctrine of non-intervention, as more
than once used by that honorable Senator in rela-
tion to theTerritories, is, that we have no right to
legislate for them at all, or to pass any law for
their government, and that we have not that right,
because the right of legislation is inherent in each
people, and no foreign power has a right to declare
what shall be their law; that they must declare it
for themselves. That is the Senator's doctrine of
non-intervention, as I understand it. According
to that doctrine, the Congress of the United States
has no right to legislate for theTerritories. How
does he apply it here? The people of the District
of Columbia are deprived by the supreme law of
the power of legislating for themselves; and that
power is vested in a body not responsible to them.
And I should say if there be anything in this
principle of non-intervention, it is because it rests
m the inherent right of the people to legislate for
themselves. But this anomaly exists in a free
government, that the people here are subject to the
rule of others, and your action ought then to cor-
respond to what you believe to be their will. You
must not undertake to experiment upon them.
And according to this great principle, you must
adopt the will of the people if you can ascertain
[ what it is. And having ascertained what is the
will and desire of the people you are to govern,
you are to conform to it, provided it does not in-
I fringe any of the great and fundamental principles
of our Government. Here is a new feature to be
introduced into our legislation for the District.
Who has asked for it? Nobody in the District of
Columbia has asked for it, but, on the contrary,
as I have shown to the Senate, those who are to
be benefited by the act have repudiated it; and yet
the Senator from Michigan says that the principle
is one which resides in the common law, that
those who enjoy the benefits shall take the risk,
and therefore he says to the people of the District
of Columbia, "whatever your opinions may be,
you must submit to thq better judgment of this
body." It seems to me that this position contra-
dicts the great principle of non-intervention. i
Mr. CASS. The Senator is entirely mistaken
as to my doctrine of non-intervention. My prin-
ciple is, that the Constitution gives Congress no i
right to intervene in the government of the Terri-
tories. But the Constitution expressly gives
power to Congress to legislate in the case of the
District of Columbia. It is a very plain case, i
The Senator asks us to come here and pass a long
bill to charter an insurance company in the Dis-
trict. When he goes a certain extent, he says to
us that that is non-intervention. But we have a
rigbt to intervene here just as much as we please.
We have the power under the Constitution.
Mr. CLEMENS Mr. President, I knew be-
fore that there were some persons within the limits
of Virginia who imagine Virginia the whole United
States, but this is the firrft time I ever heard any
one argue in such a manner as to induce the belief
that Georgetown had swallowed up the United
States, Virginia included. The Senator from Vir-
ginia claims that we must pass this law, because
one hundred and sixty-four citizens of Georgetown
have petitioned for it. Who is to be operated
upon by this bill? Is it Georgetown alone? The
citizens of my State, the citizens of every State,'
may wish to take risks in this company as well as
the citizens of Georgetown. We are not legisla-
ting for Georgetown. There is no limitation in
the law to prevent citizens of any part of the
United States from insuring in this office. And
therefore the argument that one hundred and sixty-
four citizens of Georgetown have applied for it
amounts to just nothing at all. There are others
interested as well as the citizens of Georgetown,
and we are compelled to look to the interests of
others.
The Senator from Michigan correctly said that
we heard all that argument in favor of this bill
twenty years ago. We have heard all of it not
only in relation to fire insurance companies, but
in relation to banking associations and all other
associations. It has been met and refuted over
and over again. The argument of the Senator
from Kentucky, [Mr. Underwood,] to which we
have just listened, is unanswerable. No one hasf
attempted to answer it. It is our business to pro-
tect the community from being imposed upon, and
so far as I am concerned I mean to do it.
Mr. BERRIEN. Mr. President, I have en-
deavored to distinguish the case of a corporation
whose business it is to effect insurances against
losses by fire from that of a banking institution.
The Senator from Michigan is incapable of seeing
the distinction which I nave endeavored to draw.
Perhaps I may venture to say that the " demo-
cratic instinct" of which the Senator from Arkan-
sas has spoken, and which the Senator from
Michigan has recognized, has on this occasion
obscured his vision. But the distinction is a most
obvious one. When you create a banking corpo-
ration, and give them the power to issue notes,
the representatives of money, the individuals who
deal with that corporation are not solely the per-
sons interested. They furnish a circulating me-
dium for the community, and that whole commu-
nity has a direct and personal interest in the
conduct of that institution; and you may there-
fore well impose upon those who direct the affairs
of that institution a liability which would be im-
proper and inappropriate to impose upon a cor-
poration formed to effect insurances against losses
by fire. As to this latter corporation, the persons
who are alone interested are the insured ancUthe
corporation. They issue no paper which goes
out to the community as the representative of
money, and which can give interest to the com-
munity generally. The insured goes to the cor-
poration asking them to effect a policy of insur-
ance upon his property, and with a knowledge,
by looking at your statute, of the liability to which
that corporation is subject. He knows what is
his guarantee for the payment of the losses against
j which he proposes to insure. If he does not
I choose to do it, he does not take the policy, and
does not pay the premium.
But this is not the case with regard to persons
dealing with banks. And that is an answer also
to the suggestion of the Senator from Alabama,
that we are not legislating for one hundred and
sixty-four persons in the town of Georgetown,
and that all our constituents may be interested in
this matter. Well, sir, they may be interested.
Any man may effect an insurance who has that
species of property against the loss of which this
corporation is authorized to insure. But if the
constituents of the Senator from Alabama, or-my
own, shall insure with that company, and in that
way become interested in the result, he has before
him the kind of guarantee which he will receive.
If he does not choose to take it, he cannot effect
the insurance. If he does, he has by his own
contract limited the liability which will be incurred
to him.
Mr. EWING. Mr. President, I think the de-
cision of the amendment will also decide wheth-
er there shall be or shall not be an insurance com-
pany in Georgetown. I am well satisfied that no
individual will t^ke stock in this company if it be
, burdened with the condition proposed by this
: amendment. Those who subscribe to bank stock
i do it under different circumstances. The risks
are not the same. There is not a very strong
II probability of the whole property of an individual
being swept away by that. Ana there is another
thing with respect to these joint stock companies
engaged in banking where individual liability ex-
ists. A few very wealthy individuals unite and
