THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $
1 50 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 2ro Session. THURSDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1850.
New Series No. 5.
sens, and he was often solicited to become their
representative, but the growing demands of a large
family and his fondness for rami life induced him
to decline. It was not until seven or eight years
ago that he consented to become a candidate for
the State Senate, to which place he was elected by
a triumphant majority. After two years' service
in that body, he was elected to the Twenty-ninth
Congress, and continued uninterruptedly to repre-
sent his district up to the period of his death.
As an evidence of the estimation in which he
was held as a man by those who knew him well,
I need only state that his district, being also the
residence of the late Chief Magistrate, while it
gave to General Taylor a majority of several hun-
dred, reelected Mr. Harmanson by seven hundred
majority. His pretensions had already been favor-
ably canvassed throughout the State, as tbe next
Democratic candidate for Governor.
John Harmanson possessed some remarkable
traits of character, and among the most striking
was a profound veneration' for truth. He took
nothing upon trust; popular errors and prejudices
were discarded, and vanished before him like mist
before the sun. In politics he was always a great
way in advance of his party on every question of
reform. While others hesitated, he was among the
earliest champions of uiumrso/ sitfrage, free trade,
and the elective judiciary.
When it was proposed to amend the constitu-
tion of our State, many were deterred from advo-
cating a convention, because they feared that the
independence of the Judiciary would be endan-
gered by limiting their term of office. This was
ail the reform effected in that department by the
convention, but we in Louisiana all recollect how
Mr. Harmanson was denounced as a radical, an
ultra, because he contended that the judges, like all
other public officers, should be responsible to, and
elected by the people.
To show the correctness of his views, although
but five years have elapsed since the adoption of
the new constitution, a bill expressive of the sense
of the Senate in favor of an elective judiciary has
passed that body unanimously.
Such was Mr. Harmanson's love of the right,
that I am satisfied that he abandoned the law, be-
cause he feared it might at sometime impose upon
him the necessity of advocating what in his con-
science he might not deem to be the cause of truth
and justice.
. He made up for the deficiencies of an early edu-
cation by diligent reading, and I may now say of
him dead what living his modesty would have for- |
bidden, that no man with whom I have been asso- 1
dated in the last four Congresses better understood
the subjects of the revenue and the finances of his 1
country.
Such, sir, is a brief and very imperfect sketch
of the character of our deceased colleague. We
have lost a firm and devoted friend; our State has
lost an honest and patriotic public servant. His
family—but who can estimate that loss ? I forbear
intruding into that sanctuary of grief, w£ose light
and ornament has been forever extinguished. If 1
anything but time and religion can moderate the
anguish of those he leaves behind, it may in some
measure solace their grief to know that his mem-
ory will long be cherished by all who knew him. !
Representatives, this is the third impressive
lesson which has been read to us. May not i
regard these potent warnings as rebukes to that j
unchecked self-confidence in which we are over-apt '
to indulge? May we so use our time and talents j
as to be always ready! 1;
Henceforward let it be seen that statesmen have ■
higher and nobler aims than the indulgence of the I
petty jealousies and wranglings which are too often
manifested here. Let us keep in view the noble 1
sentiment of that bard who wrote '' not for a day
but for all time:" j;
" o gentlemen, the time of life is short; I
To spend tbat shortness basely, were too long." j
Sir, I move the following resolutions: !
Retained That this House has received with deep sensi-
bility the intelligence of the death of the Hon. John H. Har-
*a  on, a member of this House from the State of Loui-
siana, which took place at the city of New Orleans on the
25fh of October last.
Resolved, That, as a testimony of respect for tiir memory
of the deceased, the members and officeis of this House
will wear tbe usual badge of mourning for thirty days.
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House be directed to
communicate a copy of these proceedings to the family of
the deceased.
Resolved, That the Clerk be directed to communicate a
copy of these resolutions to the Senate; and that, as a fur-
ther testimony of respect to the memory of the Hon. John
H. Harmanson, this House do now adjourn.
The question being on the adoption of the reso-
lutions—
Mr. BAYLY rose and said: Mr. Speaker, the
warm regard I entertained for the lamented dead
must be my apology for detaining you a moment,
while I add a word to what already has been so
well said by his colleague. His family went from
my district, where now reside many of his rela-
tives and friends. This circumstance brought me
into intimate acquaintance with him soon after he
took his seat on this floor. His ancestors were
among the early settlers of Virginia, and from the
time of their arrival in the colony they have al-
ways been characterized by great respectability and
worth. No blot rests upon their escutcheon.
Mr. Harmanson was not born to wealth; but
he carved out for himself, by humble toil in his
early life, a fortune and a name. He was taken
by his father to Louisiana in his youth, where his
sterling qualities soon won for him the confidence
of the community, and finally wealth and distinc-
tion. He possessed in a high degree those attri-
butes which ennoble our nature. Intelligence,
frankness, integrity, and courage were his. His
loss to his country is great; to his family it is irrep-
arable. In their bereavement they have the heart-
felt sympathy of many of the most respectable of
my constituents—and,God knows, of theirRepre-
sentative—as they have, I doubt not, of all of us.
The question was then taken on the adoption of
the_ resolutions, and they were unanimously agreed
to,"and the House adjourned. •
PETITION, fcc. * '
The following petition and memorial were presented
under tlie rule, and referred to the appropriate committees :
By Mr. GREEN : The petition of Samuel B. Todd,
Samuel C. Major, William McNair, and A. W. Morrison,
late and present registers and receivers of the land office
•t Fayette, Missouri, praying additional compensation tor
the location of land warrants.
By Mr. THURSTON : The memorial of A. A. Skinner
and 248 others, praying that Pacific city, on the north side
of the Columbia river, near Cape Disappointment, be made
a port of entry and delivery.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 17, 1850.
Mr. CLEMENS presented a memorial from
the late and present registers and receivers of the
United States land office at Huntsville, in the
State of Alabama, asking to be allowed additional
compensation for their increased duties in locating
military bounty land warrants; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BERRIEN presented the memorial of Jac-
queline Taylor, of Richmond, in the State of Vir-
ginia, of Thomas Ellis and Charles Ellis, admin-
istrators of Charles Ellis, sen., deceased, and of
Andrew Low, sen., sole devisee o#the effects of
the late firm of Low, Taylor, & Co., of Savan-
nah, Georgia, asking the return of duties paid on
certain cloths, accompanied by a bill for the relief
of Jacqueline Taylor and others; which, with the
memorial, was referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mr. STURGEON presented a memorial from
merchants and other citizens of Philadelphia, in
the State of Pennsylvania, setting forth the danger
and inconvenience to which the trade and com-
merce of that port has been subjected for the want
of safe and convenient harbors to protect the ship-
ping against floating ice and other casualties m
certain seasons of the year, and pointing out
Reedy Island as the most suitable place for the
location or construction of such a harbor, which
they think might be made at a very moderate ex-
pense.
In presenting this memorial Mr. S. said: I think
it is some twelve years that the citizens of Phila-
delphia, in each and every year, have been asking
Congress for some appropriations for the objects
; specified in this memorial. But a small appropria-
tion is asked for, and it will be of immense advan-
1 tage to the safety both of life and property. The
river Delaware is peculiarly situated. There is
not a single decent harbor from Philadelphia to the
breakwater at the mouth of the river, and at that
particular period of the year when the ice is break-
ing up, vessels are often caught in the ice, and
they have no place to go to, unless they run down
the bay, where they may be losf. 1 hope this
petition will be referred to the Committee on Com-
^merce, and that they will take some early day to
act upon the subject.
The memorial was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
MISSISSIPPI RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. FOOTE. Mr. President, I hold in my*
hand certain resolutions of censure upon my own
course as a member of this body, adopted recently
by the Legislature of the State of Mississippi,
which I will submit with a single remark. I have
no feeling at all relative to the proceedings of that
body. The gentlemen who compose it are doubt-
less very respectable gentlemen, but I think they
are little acquainted with the public sentiment, and
before the next Autumn they will find that these
resolutions were wholly unnecessary and unde-
served. These resolutions, however, I was re-
quested to present to the Senate, and I have done
so. I have nothing more to say, but my colleague
may take such course as he may think proper.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I hope they will
be read and printed for the use of the Senate.
The resolutions were accordingly read and laid
ypon the table. The motion to print was referred
t<r the Committee on Printing.
The resolutions are as follow:
Executive Chamber, Jackson, D(i. 6,1850.
Sir : Complying with the last resolution enclosed, I have
the honor to transmit a " preamble and resolutions of the
Legislature of the State of Mississippi in relation to our Sen-
ators and Representatives in Congress," with a request that
they be presented to the Senate of the United States.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. A. QUITMAN.
To the Hon. Jefferson Davis, Senator, &c.:
Preamble and Resolutions of the Legislature of the State
of Mississippi, in relation to our Senators and Repre-
sentatives in Congress.
Whereas, in a special message of the Governor of this
State, bearing date the 11th of February, 1850, the follow-
ing communication from the Senators and Representatives
of Mississippi in the Congress of the Unitsd States was
presented to the Legislature then in session, to wit:
Washington, January 21, 1850.
His Excellency /obn A. Quitman, Governor, &c.:
Sir: We, the Senators and Representatives in Congress
from Mississippi, feel it incumbent upon us to advise you,
and through you our common constituents, that we have a
well defined opinion that California will be admitted as a
State of this Union during the present session of Congress.
The President earnestly recommended it, and we cannot
be mistaken in supposing that a majority of both Houses of
Congress will be found to vote for it. Our individual po-
sitions have undergone no change. We regard the propo-
sition to admit California as a State, under all the circum-
stances of her application, as an attempt to adopt the
" Wilmot proviso" in another form. But separated as we
are from our constituents, and having no convenient means
of consulting them &s to their views on the new phase of
this perplexing question, we desire through you to submit
the tingle fact to the people and the Legislature, that Cali-
fornia will most likely obtain admisson into the Unionwitb
her constitional prohibition of slavery; and we beg leave to
add that we shall be greatly pleased to have such expres-
sion of opinion by the Legislature, by the Governor, and if
practicable by the people, as shall clearlyindicatethecourse
which Mississippi will deem it ber duty to pursue in t(iis
new emergency.
Very respectfully, your obedient servants,
JEFF. DAVIS,
H. S. FOOTE,
J. THOMPSON,
W. S. FEATERSTON,
WM. McWILLIE,
_ A. G. BROWN.
And whereas the Legislature, aftere mature considera-
tion of the subject-matter of said communication, adopted,
in accordance with the suggestions therein contained,
among others, the following resolutions, as instructions to
the Senators, and as expressive of their opinions to the
Representatives in Congress ftom this State, to wit:
" Resolved, That the policy heretofore pursued by th«
