1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBR.
67
this resolution, and vote for it with the utmost |
heartiness and zeal. To refuse to sustain such a
proposition would be almost equivalent, in my
judgment, to saying: to those citizens who are to be
benefited by it, in the reception of valuable polit- ;
ical information, that we are not willing that they 1
should understand the actual operation of the Gov-
ernment to which they have voluntarily subjected
themselves.
Why, sir, in my judgment, it would almost be
equivalent to that action of the Roman tyrant who
hung up his edicts sohigh that the citizens might not
be able to read them. This is a case which may not i
happen again, attended precisely by all the circum-
stances now presented to us; it is a case that, per-
haps, never did happen before; but, even'if it were
to grow into a precedent, I should not conceive it
mischievous to the least possible extent. I cannot
perceive any injury that can accrue to any human
being on this habitable globe by simply supplying
our fellow-citizens in California with the means of
understanding what the President has said in his
annual message to the two Houses of Congress.
Mr. WALKER. Mr. President, I submit the
following amendment, as an addition to the reso-
lution of the Senator from California:
" And that a like number be printed in the German and
a like number in the Norwegian language."
I offer the amendment not so much in serious-
ness as I do for the purpose of illustrating the
principle involved in the original resolution. And
I would remark, that if the position of the Senator
from Mississippi be correct, we should reprint all
our laws and all our public documents and archives
in other languages, that the odious edict of Draco
may not be carried out in this Government. We
shall see who is right and who is wrong in this
matter if the resolution be adopted.
Mr. FOOTE. Will the honorable Senator state
any local reasons for adopting such an amend-
ment ? I understand him very frankly to state, or
rather to intimate, that the amendment is brought
forward with the view of killing the resolution, or
for the purpose of testing the principle of the reso-
lution. I must say that I suspect his object is to
defeat the resolution. If it be so, I hope its friends *
will join me in voting down the amendment, unless
some substantial reasons be stated for its adoption.
If he will state any practical reasons of a satisfac- \
tory character for voting for that amendment, I,
for one, shall support it.
Mr. WALKER. The very reasons which the
Senator himself gave for the purpose of showing
the propriety of the original resolution will apply
with great force and peculiarity to the State of
Wisconsin. There we have about ninety thou- l
sand Germans and Norwegians, who do not speak
or read the English language; but they do not
expect anything of this kind. In regard to mat-
ters of State policy and politics, and for diffusing
somewhat the purposes of the General Govern-
ment, they have had the enterprise and the energy,
and I hope they always will nave it, to establish
presses of their own, through which they can pub-
lish such information. These will be the reasons*
for the amendment, if the original resolution is to
be adopted; but I hope, in all sincerity, that it will
not be adopted. Not that I have any enmity or
ill will to those speaking the Spanish language in
California; far from it; but it is from a motive of
kindness to them that I oppose a resolution of
this kind. These people are certainly as much
interested in speaking our language as we are in
giving them information in their own. They are
now a portion of onr fellow-citizens; their des-
tiny is ours; and it is their vital interest to speak
the common language of the country. The rea-
sons for the amendment are the same as those
which have been given by the Senator for the
adoption of the original resolution. Such, I as-
sure the Senator, is the nature and character of
the population of Wisconsin.
Mr. FOOTE. I really had thought that my
friend from Wisconsin represented a portion of
the American people who are familiar with our
institutions, and already acquainted, to a moder-
ate extent, with the language we speak. I did not
know before that Wisconsin was so decidedly for-
eign as seems to be disclosed by the statement of
the honorable Senator. Now, if he will positively
say that in his opinion any portion of the people
of Wisconsin, Norwegians or others, actually de-
sire the benefit of such an amendment as this
, which he proposes, I, for one, will-vote for it with i
pleasure. But I understand the honorable Sena-
tor to say that no boon of this sort is expected at
the hands of Congress, by any portion of the peo-
ple whom lie represents; and I thought he intend-
ed to imply that no such favor was even desired
by any portion of his constituents. If such be 1
the state of facts, I do not know why we should
legislate in the manner proposed by him, in be-
half of a people who are not at all desirous that
any such legislation as that proposed-should be
adopted for their benefit. I think, therefore, that
the honorable Senator will himself perceive that
there is a great difference between the two cases.
I understand the Senator from California to say
that it is the desire of a part of his own constitu-
enoy that thg President's message should be print-
ed in the Spanish language, that they may have
an opportunity of reading that document and un-
derstanding it. Here a very different case is
presented from that of those citizens of Wiscon-
sin referred to by the honorable Senator.
But again: is there not a great difference between
the two cases in other respects ? We have lately
acquired California by cession from Mexico. That
country is, to some extent, peopled by individuals
born under Mexican rule, speaking the Spanish
tongue, familiar with Mexican institutions, and
uninformed with regard to our own. We have
purchased that country without consulting them.
We have agreed by treaty to allow them to be cit-
izens, and they have voluntarily agreed to become
citizens of the United States, according to the pro-
visions of the treaty to which I have referred; and
the simple proposition now is to supply them at
the present time, upon their advent into the Union,
with convenient means of ascertaining the present
condition of affairs in this country, leaving them
to be content hereafter with the ordinary facilities
supplied to other citizens. This is not a case anal-
ogous with that mentioned by the honorable Sen-
ator from Wisconsin. I do not understand that
any such cession is proposed. I had not heard
before that Norway had ceded any portion of her
territory to us, nor that we have obtained any ter-
ritory from any foreign Power, the natives of
which are now to be found in Wisconsin, and to
whom any benefit should accrue by the amend-
ment of the honorable Senator from Wisconsin. I
think, therefore, I havtf shown that the two cases
are different, and tlrtit the reasons I gave why the
resolution of the Senator from California should be
I adopted, have no application to the amendment of
the Senator from Wisconsin; and that being the
state of things, I hope he will withdraw all oppo-
sition to the resolution; for I must conceive his
amendment to be presented in a spirit of opposi-
tion to the resolution.
Mr. GWIN. I am sorry to say that those of
my constituents who are to be benefited by this
resolution have not, like the constituents of the
Senator from Wisconsin, papers in which their
language is printed. There is not a paper in Cal-
ifornia printed in the Spanish language, and it is
, utterly impossible for that portion of the people
of California who speak the Spanish language to
•know anything that is contained in the President's
message unless by the means proposed by this
I resolution. We propose to print the message in
Spanishandin English. Anoccasionforthiscourse
may never arise again; but at the present time
this portion of the people of California have no
such facilities for obtaining this message as the
i constituents of the Senator from Wisconsin. The
Mexican portion of the population of California
is almost entirely separated from the American
portion of that population. The Mexicans are
in the southern part of the country, where there
is no gold and no commerce. They are almost
as much isolated from the American population
as they were before they were annexed to the Uni-
j ted States.
I have offered this resolution, believing it to be
| the duty of the government to furnish that por-
tion of the population of the United States with
the President's message in a language which they
can read and understand. As the Senator from
Mississippi has said, these people were brought
under this Government without their knowledgeor
consent. They are natives of the soil, but the
foreigners to whom the Senator from Wisconsin
alludes dime here of their own choice, for the pur-
pose of enjoying our institutions, and hence
they should be able to understand them. This is
the difference between the two cases. But it is
not necessary to occupy any further time on the
subject.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
amendment to the resolution.
Mr. WALKER. On that question I ask for the
' yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FOOTE. I rise merely for the purpose—
inasmuch as that part of my remarks was wholly
unnoticed by the Senator from Wisconsin—of in-
3uiring whether any portion of his constituents
esire that such a provision should _be made for
them ? Does he suppose that they desire to have
the President's message printed in the language of
which he has spoken ? If he will assure me that
it is so, then I will vote for his amendment with
pleasure.
Mr. WALKER. It is a subject on which I
have not received the expressed wishes of my con-
stituents."
Mr. FOOTE. I will take the opinion of the
Senator on that point.
Mr. W ALKER. It was in language of this kind
that a proposition was once made in the other House
by a gentleman from Pennsylvania, whose con-
stituents, I suppose, did desire it, and he was re-
fused this favor. So far as the desires of my con-
stituents are concerned, if I may express my
opinion, I do not believe that the adopted citizens
of Wisconsin desire any such thing; but at the
same time, if this kind of favor is to be granted
to the people of California for the first time by
Congress, they will feel that they themselves are
as much entitled to the same favor as any other
Feople of this country. It is in their defence that
offer this proposition.
Mr. FOOTE. If tfie honorable Senator will
simply say—and he can say it very easily—that in
his opinion—for I have the utmost respect for his
judgment—it is the desire of any portion of the
citizens of Wisconsin to whom he has referred
that the message of the President of the United
States should be printed in the languages he has
named, the Norwegian and German, I shall vote
for his proposition with pleasure. But if he will
confess frankly—for he must have an opinion—
that no such legislation is desired, it will be worse
than useless; it will be ridiculous.
Mr. WALKER. I must have been very un-
fortunate in expressing myself, or the Senator
I from Mississippi must be very hard of hearing;
! for I most distinctly stated that, so far as my opin-
i ion went, I did not believe that any of my con-
' stituents desired it.
Mr. FOOTE. I did not understand the Senator.
Mr. WALKER. I have said that, as a class,
this people would feel that they were as much en-
titled to this favor, if it is to be granted to any,
as the people of California and New Mexico. I
will for them say further, that I believe they are
as much entitled to it as the people of any other
portion of the country; and 1 conclude with the
remarks with which 1 concluded before, that it is
in their defence that I have offered this proposi-
tion.
I Mr. FOOTE. It all resolves itself into this:
The Senator says that in his judgment, delib-
, erately uttered, there is no desire entertained by
any portion of his constituents that any such fa-
vor should be bestowed on them; and yet he sup-
poses that they will be somewhat affronted if this
favor is bestowed on others. Now, I cannot im-
agine more unreasonable conduct than that which
1 is charged to his constituents by the Senator from
Wisconsin. Is it probable that they will become
displeased if certain persons who desire a particu-
lar thing are to be allowed to enjoy the benefit of
that which they wish, if a favor which they them-
selves do not desire is not thrust upon the con-
1 stituents of the honorable Senator? I must think.
! better of the honorable Senator's constituents. If
| they do not desire it, in my opinion they will be
j simply glad that we are willing to do for others
that of whiph they do not stand in need and do
not desire, or with reference to which they are en-
tirely indifferent. I think the Senator has made a
mistake with regard to his constituents, if they
are reasonable people, as we are bound to pre-
! sume they are, especially as they are represented
so well by the talented gentleman from Wisconsin.
Mr. CHASE. I have no doubt that throughout
the entire West there are many of German ex-
h traction who would be gratified by the printing of
li the message of the President of the United States
