74
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 18,
age in order to produce a correspondent loss.
Now, all admit that the former high postage re-
turned to the General Post Office a much larger
proportion of letters mailed than under the cheaper
system now in use.
But, sir, I assume a higher and a stronger posi-
tion upon this subject. There is no reason that
the Post Office should be a self-supporting institu-
tion. On a former occasion 1 saia that there was
equal reason why the Army should support itself
by plunder, or the Navy by piracy. I repeat the
remark. The gallant Navy protects our mer-
chant marine, which covers every sea with its can-
vas, and our Army, legitimately employed, pro-
tects our people from foreign invasion; whilst the
Post Office establishment, with its facilities of
communication, bears home to the family of the
sailor and soldier the news of his well-being.
Whilst the cruises of the one and the inarches of
the other are often recorded in blood and present
the annals of devastation, the messages of the other
unite hearts that are distant, and cherish the holi-
est sensibilities of our nature. Go to the seques-
tered mountain gorge, and enter the cabin which is
seen in some solitary cave; mark the tear of joy
which falls upon the letter held by a female hand,
who decipher* bv torchlight its badly-written
lines, and you will witness the outpourings of a
mother's heart who learns that a long-lost son,
escaped from the perils of land and sea, hastens
to her embrace. She will thank Heaven for the
paternal care of that Government which, in this
instance at least, has, like the dew of Heaven,
refreshed as well the humble valley as the aspiring
mountain top. Sir, no man in this House will
dare to refuse mail facilities because the expenses
exceed the revenue in sparsely-settled districts. I
should like to see the man so daring as to make
this distinction between the rich and the poor. I
should, however, be more astonished at his folly
than filled with admiration at his boldness. The
people have a right to these means of communica-
tion, and Government dare not deny it to them.
As soon would I vote against the provision of a
regiment to protect a frontier settlement because the
expense would exceed the value of the property
protected, as to deny the facilities of the mail to a
new or sparsely-settled community.
I would not, as a legislator, dare do the one or
the other. Whoever does will meet with the just
retribution of popular indignation. I am glad that
the Department pays so much asit does for its own
support. Iam not willingto try strong experiments
upon a system already acting well; but I am will-
ing to adopt a uniform rate of five cents as to all 1
distances, and watch its progress and results. I
am for the lowest rate of postage which will af-
ford a reasonable revenue and the greatest amount
of facilities of communication. Sir, I represent a
rural population—devoted to agricultural pursuits
and free (thank Heaven) from the contamination
of looking to Government jobs, and Government
contracts for their living or their wealth.' Long
may it be so. Long may their noble and simple
lives be preserved from such a leprous contamina-
tion. The only public money which is spent
amongst us is the compensation of the post-
rider and the postmaster. The only return for the
burdens of the Government which they bear, is
the convenience of the Post Office and the trans-
portation of the mails. They appreciate the ad-
vantage of intercommunication and intercourse
with those who are separated by distance, and de-
mand that it should be placed upon the most accept-
able footing. I do not represent an individual
who would murmur if money is expended from
the public Treasury to secure to the emigrantin the
distant Territory, or in the most sparsely-settled
district of the States, the means of mingling the
kind feelings of his heart with those he left be-
hind him. They feel it to be his right, and would
scorn their Representative should he deny them its
enjoyment.
I would stop here, sir, but there is another por-
tion of this bill upon which I propose, with the
indulgence of the committee, to make a few re-
marks. It is upon the postage of newspapers
and pamphlets. I concur with the chairman of
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
that such a reduction is necessary—called for by
the interests as well as the demands of the country.
I know that gentlemen may meet me here by
saying that there are many States who now re-
ceive much more than they pay to the Post Office ,
Department. I grant it; and if it were true of
North Carolina, would rejoice in the fact. It I
would constitute a small itein in the claim which t
she has for the restitution of the plunder she has ]
suffered in the millions on millions which she has <
contributed to pay for rivers, harbors, light- ■
houses, and unnecessary fortifications, and the
yet more numerous millions which have been
taken from her citizens to foster manufactures be-
yond her borders. But the statement is unfairly
made—North Carolina is charged with the ex-
pense of transporting the mail across her domain,
when its contents belong to cities North and South.
She receives no credit for her letters and papers,
which, like the rills which make the river, fall
into the great channels of communication, and are
-paid for in cities beyond her limits. The lens
collects the rays, and the focus is in New York
and New Orleans, but it is forgotten that those
rays were gathered in North Carolina. No man
will pretend that the income from the Post Office
and the customs belongs to New York or any
other city. We all know that the tariff, the post-
age, and theprofit on it all, is paid by the industri-
ous consumer, who is astounded that it is so hard
to save money, unconscious that his fleece is taken
off by a pair of Government shears, the agent in
the shearing wearing a mask, so that he is not
able to identify him.
Every State has as much right to demand mail
facilities from this Government as protection from
invasion or from the plunder of pirates. Gentle-
men who are overcome with these paroxysms of
economy, vote without hesitation for harbor and
river improvements farexceeding the contributions
of the States in which they are made to the rev-
enue of the Government, and do not seem to
perceive the inconsistency which denies the bene-
fits of the Post Office, unless paid for by the pop-
ulation who are benefited thereby.
We are also told that the receipts of the post-
masters in the country will be so reduced as to
cause their resignation; that already they have
no inducement, beyond mere patriotism, to hold
their places. This is the most common induce-
ment to offer, from the President to the members
of this House, as well as all others desiring office;
the people are duly instructed that patriotic feel-
ing—a desire to serve their country—is the ruling
motive in the breast ef the aspirant. We are a ]
self-denying people, but yet the offices are filled.
No doubt, sir, this is understood on all sides.
, General welfare is an officer under whom they
are all willing to muster, when the Treasury is
to bleed by millions for local improvements; but
golden semes are to weigh the expenditure which
will convey the letters or the papers to relieve
anxious hearts, or diffuse light and information
amongst the people. But, sir, the reduction of
the postage on newspapers commends itself to our
favor for various reasons. The relief of papers
from all postage in the counties in which they
are printed is a most - desirable provision. It
is the only way in which our provincial jour-
nals can be preserved from utter ruin. The
steam power and the improved machinery en-
ables the city presses to turn out thousands of
daily papers at one half the expense which at-
tends the enterprise where a few individuals, finger-
ing each type, and resorting to the most expensive
and tedious mode of printing, issue a village news-
paper. The poisoned sentiments of the cities,
concentrated in their papers, with all the aggrava-
tion of such a moral and political cesspool, will
invade the simple, pure, conservative atmosphere
of the country, and, meeting with no antidote in a
rural press, will contaminate and ultimately de-
stroy that purity of sentiment and of purpose,
which is the only true conservatism. Fourrierism,
agrarianism, socialism, and every other ism, po-
litical, moral, and religious, grow in that rank and
festering soil; and if such influence and such chan-
nels of communication are to be the only ones felt
and employed, the press would be the greatest
calamity instead of the greatest blessing. We de-
sire our country papers for our country opinions,
our provincial politics, the organs of our conserva-
tive doctrines, and to assert the truth, uninfluenced
by the morbid influences of city associations.
Relieve them from the burdgp of postage, and
they can successfully compete with the city pub-
lishers. - Reduce the rate of postage on newspa-
pers and pamphlets, and you diffuse light and i.
knowledge through the land. We are living in an "
age most remarkable for advances in civilization,
science, and all that is elegant, useful, or orna-
mental. We live in the concentration of the lights
of centuries past with the more intense lustre of
modern discoveries. The whole world is sensitive
to the advances of knowledge, and the conquests
of intellect on one continent are almost instantane-
ously known on another. Improvements in all that
softens the cares, alleviates the handships, dispels
the darkness, and beautifies and adorns the passage
over the path of life, are clustering around us. Mind
is brought in contact with mind, no matter how
distant the possessors. The electric wire reveals
the discoveries of philosophy, astronomy, or of
art, the returning spark communicates a still further
discovery by the combinations of those revealed,
and the whole scientific world is enabled to unite
its strength to remove every opposing obstacle—
the watchmen hail each other, the night passes
speedily away, and the bright morning comes.
No longer does the detached scholar labor in his
garret, and spend his life in endeavoring to con-
vince the doubting of the value of his discover-
ies. Scholars and philosophers move forward
in an army—an army which is conquering and
to conquer. These, sir, are in part the work-
ings of the simple machinery for communication
furnished by tlie Governments of the civilized
world. Let us not be behind. Let us reduce the
burdens—the expense. Let us afford the means
of the interchange of those sympathies, which
adorn and elevate our natures. Letus cherish those
sensibilities which, like fragrant flowers, adorn
our social relations. Let the benign influence of
government be felt in supplying the wants of the
mind and the heart. Teach men that government
is not an unmixed evil, but that by its aid we may
retain our communion and interchange our opinions
and feelings with those we are dear to, even though
separated by oceans and continents. You will
then have performed what the people have a right
to demand, and you ought without delay to per-
form.
Mr. SACKETT said, he arose to address the
committee upon one item of this bill, and not to
go into a general discussion of its provisions at
large. He desired to call the attention of the com-
mittee to the single point of postage on country
newspapers. He was for greatly reducing the
rates of postage on all such papers and on all pa-
pers circulated in the country where they are pub-
lished, or within thirty miles. If he believed the
House would sustain him, he would go lower than
the proposition he should submit. He was for a
radical reduction in this department of the service.
The anjount now charged on a weekly paper is
fifty-two cents a year—a sum that amounts to a
prohibition. The immense circulation of the week-
ly papers and of the country press generally, is
practically driven from the mails. It is believed
that not more than five per cent, of this character
of papers that are circulated in the counties, or in
the immediate vicinity of their place of publica-
tion, are ever sent through the mails, on account of
the exorbitant postage now charged upon them.
He was for reducing this extravagant charge down
to ten cents a year, or two mills per paper in tlie
county, or within thirty miles of tfye place where
published. When this is done more than seven
hundred thousand papers per week will pass
through the mails that are now sent by carriers,
and in various other ways. There are published
about fifteen hundred of this class of papers, to be
affected by this change, with a circulation of from
seven hundred thousand to a million weekly. Of
all this number, I believe there are not forty thou-
sand that pay postage. By this system not only
the revenues of the Department suffer, but the
whole country is greatly prejudiced. The delays,
uncertainties, and difficulties incident to any other
means of conveyance than the mails, are such that
thousands refuse to take papers who would be glad
to do so if they had reasonable mail facilities.
The whole revenue now received from the class
of papers at present under consideration does not
amount to $20,000 a year, and still we are told
that a reduction of postage will diminish the
amount. All can see that the country papers
now distributed, if they passed through the mails,
would yield an income to the Post Office of more
than $350,000; and still there are those who would
keep up this branch of postage for the sake of rev-
enue.
The burdens imposed upon the Post Office by
