7«
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 18,
tS less expense, and subject to leas taxation, than 1
any other people in the world. And for the pur-
pose of maintaining, encouraging, and supporting
the local press of the country, I would make all
newspapers free of postage in the counties in which
thev are published.
There are several proposals in reference to the
postage of newspaper* now before the committee,
some proposing Congressional districts, some pro-
posing a circuit within thirty miles, and others of
within fifty miles of the plau of publication, and
others within the limits of the State. But I have
looked at thia subject, Mr. Chairman, very care-
fully, and the only conclusion to which it was pos-
sible to come, in my mind, which will operate
justly, is to make all newspapers free of postage
in the counties where they are published. I would
make a distinction between the papers published
in the State, and those published out of it, for the
purpose of encouraging the local press.
Now, since the establishment of the telegraph
system, it is of increased interest to the peo-
ple to encourage the press of their own particular
States. Formerly, before we had that new and
extraordinary mode of communication, it was our
interest to tak* the papers of the great eastern
cities for the purpose of obtaining the earliest in-
telligence of foreign events, of markets, &c. But
now that the telegraph communicates these im-
portant events to us, from the most distant parts
of the country, with incredible speed and cer-
tainty, the news becomes stale and old before it can
reach us in the West by the papers of the eastern
States. Every local country newspaper can give
quicker and later intelligence, and it therefore be-
comes doubly our interest to support the country
press. I would make the rate of postage on
newspapers such that, in payment, change could
always readily be made. I would strike out the
half cent, and would either make it one cent within
the State, and two cents without it, or place it at a
uniform rate of one cent. The half cent rate of
postage has, I believe, proved generally a very
great loss to the Government, postmasters being
unable to make the change. I am opposed to
coming below five cents for the postage upon
fetters.
In the Southwest and West, we have no change
less than five cents. The bill now under the con-
sideration of the committee, to which the gentle-
man from Ohio has offered an amendment, proposes
to introduce a new coin. That coin might, and
no doubt would be very readily adopted, and be
introduced with fttcility in the great commercial
eastern cities—in the grant marts of commerce
and trade; but it would be very difficult to intro-
duce such a coin into the West and Southwest, in i
fact into any portion of the widely-extended agri-
cultural districts of the country.
In the cities, and with commercial men, the sys-
tem of stamps would answer very well, and would
doubtless be a great advantage. But in the great
agricultural and rural districts, there would, and
could be no rpal advantage practically derived from
the introduction of stamps. The people there
have not got them, and indeed they would not
provide themselves with them, and the postmaster
himself, it is almost certain, will not moke the
change.
Then, Mr. Chairmluj, in reference to o,ir 1 rfs-
ent reduced system of postage, 1 was a member of
Congress ana of this House, when that reduced
rate' was adopted. I had then very strong doubts
about its efficiency, and I did not vote in favor of
it. I confess that I have been happily disappointed
in the expectations I had formed of its practical
results: it has so far worked well. The first year
of the present system there was a falling off in the ]
revenue, amounting to a little less than $300,000.
The very next year this falling off was reduced to
about 4&>,000, and the following year the system
resulted w producing a revenue, that has since,
each succeeding year, been gradually increasing
until the present time. j
But there is another thm£ that should be taken ,
into consideration in discussing this question, and in
calculating the amount of revenue actually derived
by the Post Office Department. All the expenses
of the Post Office Department proper, the fees and ;
salaries of the Postmaster General and of his
clerks, are not paid out of the revenues of the ,
Post Office Department, but they come out of the
Treasury. The expenses of the agents are paid
' out of the revenue proper. Then* besides this, we
have our great mail line from New York, by New
Orleans and Havana, to Chagres, and across the j
peninsula, and from Panama to California, the
expenses of which are not paid out of the Post
Office Department proper. This is a contract of
the Navy Department, and is paid out of theNavy
appropriations.
At the end of the present contract, I have no
doubt Congress will place this line upon a similar
footing as the mail line to Bremen.
They will doubtless also place Collins's line
from New York to Liverpool upon the same basis,
and require that the expenses De paid out of the
revenues of the Post Office Department proper.
In making our proposed reductions we should
make the proper calculations for all the additional
expenditures which must necessarily come upon
us. We have of necessity to consider, that if we
reduce the rates of postage to three cents, we shall
also equally reduce the commissions of all post-
masters in the country. We must, even if we
have no increased revenue accruing to the Depart-
ment, most certainly increase the amount of labor
in the various offices. For how, Mr. Chairman,
do you get the additional revenue which it is sup-
posed would result from the practical adoption of
the proposed reduction in the rates ? Obviously
the deficiency must be supplied by the increased
number of letters that will be transmitted; and if
you increase the number of letters you propor-
tionately increase the weight of the mail, and con-
sequently increase, also, the amount of labor to
, be performed by the Post Office officials. You
increase everything in connection with the work-
ing of the Post Office Department.
With these results, you cannot surely be sur-
prised if you find your postmasters generally re-
signing. Without an increase of remuneration
they cannot afford to pay for the increased number
of clerks the increase of labor this Deparment
will require. Indeed, they would be under the
necessity, in such circumstances, with their present
commissions, of surrendering their offices: and in
such a predicament, what could Congress do ?
Congress must in justice increase their commis-
sions to keep them in their places; and as you
increase their commissions, it is palpable you cor-
respondingly decrease the revenues of the Depart-
ment.
However, the experiment, so far as practically j
tested, has worked exceedingly well—much better i
than, as I have before said, I had at one time an- |
1 ticipated. I am in favor of testing this system I
! properly, but not rashly. Let us gradually bring j
about the reduction that, I am sure, every man 1
must personally desire. Let us proceed by de- 1
erees; for if we once reduce the rates of postage,
if we once throw the Post Office Department upon
the Treasury for support, it will be very difficult
to get it back again. If it is found that a five cnte
postage system produces in the course of a few
years, as it may, and I think it probably will do, an
increase in the actual revenue of this Department,
why then it is an exceedingly easy matter to
adopt any further reduction that may be desired,
or aopear practicable.
Whatever may be the effect, the people (and
this Government is essentially one of the people)
will not consent to a reduction ifi their mail facili-
ties. They cannot be reduced. They will, and
must be increased according to the corresponding
increase in the wants and the business of the coun-
try, even should they, as is exceedingly probable,
have to be paid out of the Treasury, and I warn
gentlemen who are desirous of not imposing a tax
upon their constituents, by the reduction of the
rates of postage to so low a standard, to be cau-
tious how thev give their votes for this new experi-
ment. The deliberation of this House should be
characterized by careful investigation; and I trust
we may not hastily pass any bills the results of
which have not been fully and fairly calculated.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania. I entirely
agree with the gentleman who has last addressed
us.  
Mr. CARTTER, ("interposing-.) With the
permission of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, I
will move that the committee rise, with a view to
an adjournment.
Mr. THOMPSON. Very well; I will yield
tbfi floor for 'bat nurpose.
Mr. CARTTER moved that the committee now
rise; and the question being taken, there were 64
in the affirmative, and 43 in the negftlire.
So the committee rose, and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the chairman of the committee
(Mr. Burt) reported progress.
On motion by Mr. POTTER, the bill and the
various amendments thereto were ordered to be
printed, and then.
On motion, the House adjourned.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, gave notice, und& the
rule, of his intention to move for leave to introduce a bill of
the following title:
"A bill to encourage agriculture, commerce, manufactur-
ing, and all the branches of industry, by granting to every
man who is the head of a family and a citizen of the Uni-
ted States, a homestead of 160 acres of land out of the pub-
lic domain, upon condition of occupancy and cultivation of
the same, for the period herein specified."
By Mr. REED: A bill to grant five hundred thousand
acres of the public land to the Hempfield and Ohio Railroad-
By Mr. MnCLERNAND: Bill granting to the States of
Illinois, Indiana, and Ohio, the right of way through the
public lands, and lor other purposes.
By Mr. HAYMOND : A bill to set apart a million of
acres of land to aid Virginia in the construction of her Vir-
ginia and Tennessee Railroad, and her Central Railroad.
PETITIONS, kc.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees :
By Mr. YVENT WORTH : The petition of A. H. Conant
and of other citizens of Genera, Kane county, Illinois, in
favor of a Congress of Nations, to settle all disputes between
nations.
By Mr. McLANAHAN: The petition of L. Scott k Co.,
with others, publishers of periodicals, on the subject of re-
form in the rates of postage.
By Mr. HOWE: The petition of the Hon. John Dick,
and 36 others, citizens of Crawford county, Pennsylvania,
praying Congress to establish a post route from Cleveland,
Ohio, via Euclid and other intermediate towns, to Mead-
ville, Pennsylvania.
Also, the petition of William F. Junkin, and 44 others,
citizens of Mercer county, Pennsylvania, praying Congress
to repeal, immediately, the fugitive slave law.
By Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi: The memorial of B.
M. Drake, P. B. January, and others, praying far n grant of
land to Fayette Female Academy, in Jefferson county,
Mississippi.
By Mr. GERRY: The memorial of John R. Bond, for
compensation for services as acting purser.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, Dtmmbtr 18, 1850.
Mr. Bright, from the State of Indiana, and
Mr. Squle, from the State of Louisiana, appeared
, in their seats to-day.
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives by Young, their Clerk:
Mr. Pmsident: The House of Representatives have
saed the resolution from the Senate for the appointment
Regebts of the Smithsonian Institution.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of Henry
Dwight and other legal voters of Geneva, New
York, praying the adoption of measures for the
peaceable adjustmentof international controversies;
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.  
Mr. PRATT presented the petition of the ad-
ministrator of Gerard Wood, deceased, a surgeon's
mate during the revolutionary war, asking to be
allowed commutation pay; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SHIELDS presented a memorial of the le-
gal voters of Kane county, in the State of Illinois,
asking the adoption of measures for the peaceable
adjustment of international controversies; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
Mr. BERRIEN submitted additional documents
in relation to the claim of Lewis Ralston; which,
with his memorial on the files of the Senate, were
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. FELCH presented a memorial from the
late and present registers and receivers of the
land office at Kalamazoo, in the State of Mich-
igan, asking additional compensation for locating
military land warrants; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Taylor,
the French prior 1
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. CLEMENS presented the petition of Rob-
ert Jamison and Benjamin Williamson, asking
compensation for their services in carrying the
mail; which was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. YULEE presented a petition from petty
