1850.
17
officers and seamen on board the United States '
steamer Missouri at the time of her destruction by
fire, asking compensation for clothing lost b.y that
catastrophe; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. PRATT presented a memorial signed by
members of the bar of the District of Columbia,
asking that the salary of the Judge of the Crimi-
nal Court of said District maybe increased; which
■was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. FOOTE presented a memorial of David
Butler, late a military storekeeper, representing
that injustice has been'done him in the proceedings
of a court-martial, and asking such redress as
Congress may think proper to grant; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Also, a petition frofla citizens of Columbus, in
the State of Mississippi, asking a reduction of the
rates of postage; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
On motion by Mr. PHELPS, it was ordered
that the petition of Dr. Samuel White, on the files
of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on
Pensions. ,
THE COMPROMISE IN MARYLAND.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, I present to the
Senate the report of a committee, which was
adopted unanimously by the Maryland Reform
Convention, on the late acts of Congress forming
the compromise, which during the last session of
Congress were before this body. I ask that it
, be read.
The Secretary read the report as follows:
" Whereas the Constitution of the United States was de-
signed more effectually to secure the civil and political
rights of the citizens of every part of the Union, and espe-
cially to protect their persons and property as well in other
States as a the State in which they might reside; and
whereas amongst* the rights of property there was none
more generally known or more distinctly recognized than
that of holding slaves; and whereas the peculiar risk of
loss to which this species of property was exposed was so
obvious, aad the absolute necessity of a suitable provision
to guard against it so universally felt, that no one hesitated
to acknowledge that without such provision the Union
could not have been framed; and whereas certain persons
in various portions of the Union, instigated by a spirit of
fanaticism, have combined for the purpose of openly resist-
ing and defying the guarantees of the Constitution and laws
by which alone the slaveholding States can be assured of
the rightful possession and just protection of their property,
we, the members of the Convention of Maryland, lately ,
elected from the body of the people, and intimately ac-
quainted with their feelings and opinions, deem it proper
to declare, in calm and deliberate terms, what we believe
to be their views in relation to the exciting subjects to
which we have referred: and do, therefore,
" 1st. Resoke, That the Constitution of the United States
has accomplished all the objects, civil and political, which
its most sanguine framers and friends anticipated; and that
the affections of the people of Maryland are justly riveted
Id its principles by the memory of the sacrifices of the wise j
and good men who framed it, As weH as by the blessings it j
has so liberally dispensed to our country. i
" 9d. That a proper appreciation of these blessihgs should
lead every State in the Union to adopt all such measures as
may from time to time be necessary to give complete and
full effect to any provision of the Constitution or of the
laws pursuant thereto, intended for the protection of any
portion of this great family of States.
" 3d. That while we do not conceal that the several acts
of Congress, passed at their late session, relating to the ad-
mission of California, to the territorial governments of1
Utah and New Mexico, to the adjustment of the boundary
of Texas, to the prohibition of the slave trade in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and to the reclamation of fugitives from
labor, do not, to the extent we desired, meet the just de-
mands of die South, nevertheless, viewing these several ,
acts as parts of an entire system, to be adhered to and
maintained as a whole, proceeding On the basis of compro-
mise, and intended, by a permanent adjustment of so many
critical questions, to heal the public agitations and perpet-
uate the Union, they have received our acquiescence, and
have inspired us with admiration of those eminent states-
men who, rising above the influence of party and sectional
considerations, periled their well-earned reputation for the
enduring welfare of their country.
" 4th. That the vigorous and faithful execution by the
General Government of all laws made in pursuance of the
Constitution, is its primary duty, and affords the only se-
curity for the just protection of the rights and property of
the citizens and for the permanency of the Union; and it
is equally the duty of all good citizens to encourage and '
support the officers of the Government in the execution of
the laws, and to discountenance and rebuke the efforts of
those who seek to subvert them; and while, therefore, we
entertain every proper confidence in the ability and deter- i
mination of the Chief Magistrate of the Union faithfully ]
to perform hi« duty in the present crisis, and take the op-
portunity to tender to him our assurances that in any emer-
gency that should require it he may safely rely upon the
cordial cooperation of the people of Maryhmd, we cannot
withhold the wannest expression of our firm and continued
reliance upon the patriotism of those of our countrymen,
in all sections of the Union, who have fearlessly asserted >
the constitutional rights of the South; and, injriew of the 1
calamities which must ensue if those rights continue to be
violated, we would earnestly suggest to thegovernments of
the nOD-slaveholding States the propriety and importance
of enacting such laws as will facilitate the recovery of fugi-
tives from labor; and upon the citizens of every State we
would anxiously urge the absolute necessity of maintaining
and .enforcing each ami all the measures of adjustment
adopted at the last session of Congress.
" 5th. That, of the aforesaid series of laws, that intended
to insure the restoration of fugitives from labor is the only
one professing to protect the peculiar rights and institutions
of the southern States from the mischievous hostility of a
wicked fanaticism in other portions of the Union, is but a
was authorized to expect fVom the Union of the States to
this-species of property win be afforded to them; and, being
the chief inducement to the South for its accession to the
compromise, the repeal ofthat law or the failure to enforce
its provisions, could only be regarded as evidence of a de-
termined purpose in other States to violate the sacred charter
ftf our rijtfits, or a want of ability in the General Govern-
ment to enforce the laws made for our protection, and in
either event there Would be a ftilure to comply with the
solemn obligations which give to the Constitution its chief
value and binding force, and which could not be violated
or deliberately evaded without leading to a dissolution of
the Union."
[Signed E. F. Chambers, Chairman, James R. Hope-
well, A. Randall, Georjre W. Weems, William D.
Merrick, James M. Buchanan, Edward Lloyd, John
Dennis, Louis McLane, William H. Tuck, William
Grason, L. L, Dirickson, Samuel M. Magraw, R.
C. Carter, Lewis P. Fiery, Washington Waters,
W. M. Hollyday, Jacob Shower, Robert J. Brent,
John T). Gaither, and Wm. T. Goldsborough.J
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, these resolu-
tions do not proceed from the Legislature of the
State of Maryland, but they were unanimously
passed by a body of the_highest dignity in the
State—the Convention appointed to revise the
Constitution of the State of Maryland. As they
hart the unanimous assent of that body, and as
that body reflects the feelings of the people of that
State, I move that they be printed for the use of
the Senate.
The PRESTDENT. The question of printirig
must go to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. PEARCE. I hope the Senate will acttipon
the motion at this time. I know the resolutions
of State Legislatures do not go to that committee.
The PRESIDENT. They are specially ex-
cepted by the rule.
Mr. PEARCE. Yes, sir; and t hope, by thfe
unanimous consent of the Senate, the reference
may be dispensed with in this case.
There being no objection, the motion to print
was agreed to.
THE COAST SURVEY.
The PRESIDENT of the Senate laid before
the body a communication from the Secretary of
the Treasury, transmitting the report of the Su-
perintendent of the Coast Survey, showing the
progress of that work during the year ending the
30th of November, 1850; which was read.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move that it be referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and printed.
The motion to refer was afterwards withdrawn,
and the motion to print was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
Mr. PEARCE submitted a motion that five
thousand five hundred additional copies be printed,
five hundred of which to be for the use of the Su-
perintendent of the Coast Survey.
The motion was referred to the Committee on
Printing.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Print
ing, to which was referred the motion to print the
message of the President in relation to the African
slave trade, reported in fhvor of printing the mes-
sage and documents; and the Teport was con-
curred in.
On motion by Mr. BRADBURY, it Was or-
dered that one thousand five hundred additional
copies of the message and documents be printed
for the use of the Senate.
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which was reftrred the bill to change
the time for holding the criminal court in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported back the same without
amendment.
BINDING OF DOCUMENTS.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution;
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be directed
to have bound, in a manner superior to the ordinary bind-
ing of congressional documents, the volume made up by
the " Reports offhe Secretary of War," Sec., of which three
thousand additional copies were ordered by the Senate on
the 24th Julv, 1850; provided the cost of said binding shall
not exceed thirty cents a copy.
Mr. BORLAND. It is proper to say one Or
two words in explanation of this resolution. The
reports of the Secretary of War were ordered to
be printed, and three thousand additional copies
were ordered of that document. Upon examina-
tion , it is found that these reports are accompanied
with a large number of beautifully-executed plates;
and the committee deem them of sufficient excel-
lence and value to have them bound in better style
than such documents have been bound heretofore.
They have therefore directed me to ask the pas-
sage of this resolution, that these plates may be
preserved with great care. I ask for the consid-
eration of the resolution at this time.
There being no objection, the resolution was
before the Senate for consideration.
1 Mr. WALKER. I am inclined to think that
the resolution has been unfortunately worded. It
requires that the binding shall be done in a Man-
ner superior to the ordinary binding of Congres-
sional documents, provided the cost shall not ex-
ceed thirty cents a copy. I believe the binding on
the present plan would cost twelve and a half cents
per copy. Here, then, is a range from twelve
and a half to thirty cents per copy, with the sim-
ple provision that the binding shall be " superior"
to the ordinary binding. I think some more defi-
nite provision should be made as to the style in
which the work should be executed.
Mr. BORLAND I am not at all tenaciouS as
to the phraseology employed to accomplish the
desired object. If the Senator from Wisconsin
will suggest any terms more appropriate, I will
with pleasure accept them. Tne object of the
committee is to secure good binding.
Mr. WALKER. Having but just heard the
resolution read, I have had no time to think what
would be the best form of expression, and hence
I should prefer that the resolution lie over until
to-morrow. I am well satisfied that unless the
binding is more clearly defined we shall have the
maximum charge, and the minimum quality of
work within the terms of the resolution.
Mr. HAMLIN. If the Senator from Wiscon-
sin will give me his attention for a moment I may
succeed in removing his objection, and the reso-
lution may then be at otice disposed of. I hold
in my hand a specimen of the binding "Which may
be done at thirty cents, ft is a very neat style;
it has been submitted as a Specimen of the way
in which the work shall be done; but it is possi-
ble that the Secretary may be able to procure the
binding at ev#n a less. rate. I think, therefore,
that the phraseology of the resolution may with
proprietybe left without alteration.
Mr. W ALKER. 1 prefer that the resolution
shall lie over.
The motion for its immediate consideration was
therefore withdrawn.
AMENDMENT OF THE ItULES.
Mr. BADGER subhiitted the following resolu-
tion; which lies over one day under the rule:
Retolvei, That the thirty-third rule of the Senate be
amended in that part of (he rtilfe which relates to the Com-
mittee  li Printing, as follows: Insert after the word "Sen-
ate" the following words, "and excepting also messi^es
and other communications from the President of the United
States, and such reports and communications from the
Heads of Departments as maybe mdHe to Congress or to
the Henxte in obedience to law or in answer to calls from
the Senate;" and also insert after the word " Legislatures"
these Words: "or conventions lawfully called."
EXTRA PAY TO ARMY OFFICERS.
Mr. GWIN submitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of so amending the
act of September 28,1850, as to extend the benefit of its
provision for extra pay to officers and soldiers serving in
Oregon and California, to those who served in that district
anterior to the date of the aforementioned act.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, in offering this
resolution I wish' to call the attention of the Sen-
ate to the meritorious claim of the officers and
men who served in California a/id Oregon whom
it is intended to relieve. Their pay was utterly
insufficient to meet their expenses. The officers
and their families had to perform the most menial
services, owing to the high wages of labor. Gen-
eral Riley could not employ a cook for his family,
the wages charged being greater than his pay. The
amiable and estimable lady of his Adjutant Gen-
eral (Major Canby) supported his family by copy-
ing papers for the Convention. At a dining party
given by one of his aids, (Captain Westcott,) at
which I was present, his wife and her sister waited
upon the guests. Brevet Colonel Casey, in com-
mand of a regiment, entertained me at his quar-
ters on Jjoard of-a miserable old ship at the wharf
