80
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 18.
and fair dealing. A public officer is dismissed
from an important and responsible station, and a
letter addressed to him notifying him of the fact,
not sent to him but to his successor, with express
instructions not to deliver it until the new ap-
pointee had kicked his predecessor out of office.
Such an act of unmanly insult no public officer
was ever before guiltv of to another in the history
of this country. Well, sir, what became of his
letter of dismissal ? Colonel Fremont first accepted
the appointment of Commissioner, but afterwards
declined it, and never entered upon the duties of
the office. According to instructions he kept the
letter, and Colonel Weller never received it. What
has become of it? I should like to know; certain
it is, it never went into the hands of him to whom
it was addressed, and whom it was intended to
dismiss ignominiously from the public service.
Now, sir, let me remark for a moment upon the
anomalous position in which Colonel Weller was
placed by the withholding of this letter from him.
The news of his remjval flew on the wings of the
wind. It reached him at San Francisco on the eve
of his departure for Monterey to see General Ri-
ley, and get from him, if possible, a sufficient
amount of what was called the "civil fund" of
California to enable him to progress with his work
on the boundary survey. The news went with
him to Monterey, in fact preceded him, for the
steamship containing the agent with Colonel Fre-
ment's commission touched there on its way to
San Francisco, and the object of this mission was
known at Monterey when Colonel Weller landed.
What was the result ? General Riley refused to
cash his drafts upon the Dep&rttaent, and he was
left totally without means to prosecute his work
on the boundary. He remained at Monterey
until his successor arrived, to whom he gave a full
account of his embarrassments, owing to the ne-
glect of the Government to supply him with funds.
He was requested by Colonel Fremont to repair to
San Diego, and continue in discharge of the du-
ties of commissioner until Ire (Fremont) could as-
tame his duties, Which would be in a short time.
In the mean time, Colonel Fremont agreed to ne-
gotiate Colonel Weller V drafts at San Francisco frtr
f10,000, to meet the pressing wants of the commis-
sion, which he did, but the drafts were protested by
the Secretary of State. Colonel Fremont never went
to San Diego; Weller was forced to remain and dis-
charge the duties of commissioner to prevent the dis-
solution of the commission, whi«h would have re-
sulted in great loss to the Government; his 010,000
draft went back protested; the bankers who had ne-
gotiated it Seized upon h is pri vate funds to indemnify
themselves; his property was sacrificed, his credit
destroyed. He Was surrounded by faithftil friends,
who, relying on His honor, had followed him to
that distant land, and remained with him in the
faithful discharge of their duty, amidst temptations
that none others resisted, and privations tnat few
encountered even in that land of adventure, to
whom the Government was largely indebted, and
they were suffering for want of their pay. Amidst
these difficulties he was faithful to his Government,
although abandoned by those who had charge of
its administration. While every effort was made
to disgrace him; dismissed from office but not re-
lieved; vilified in the Administration presses as a
defaulter, and every species of calumny circulated
against him, he went on without money, and al-
most without bread, and clossd the important
work of establishing the boundary from the Pa-
cific ocean to the Colorado river. Sir, in the his-
tory of this Government no man ever performed
more important services with such limited means,
and surrounded by so many difficulties, all of
which are to be attributed to die faithlessness of
those who had charge of the Government.
Now, sir, I come to another chapter in the his-
tory of this business that is quite as unique as those
I have been "commenting upon.
Colonel Fremont first accepted and then declined
the nnpointnrent of commissioner without inform-
ing Colonel Weller officially that he was appointed,
or de'ivering to him the letter addressed to him,
notifying him of his dismissal. The knowledge of
these facts reached here about a year ago, when
Congresswas iti session. The Administration, in
dismay, found Colonel Weller still in office, and
Congress in session. What was to be done? Ac-
cording to my understanding of duty there was
but one course to pursue to remove him, and that
was to nominate his successor and let the Senate
1 act upon it. But that wis a dangerous experiment.
Colonel Weller had friends in this body, who were
not likely to acquiesce in his removal without
asking for the reasons, and the Administration
knew it could give no reasons which would satisfy
the Senate that the removal of so able and faithful
an officer was proper. The Administration could
anticipate nothing but defeat if it came before the
Senate. What was to be done? Mordecai still
sat at the king's gate, and his ministers were mis-
erable until he could be got rid of. A gentleman
was found to undertake the task. It was the Sec-
retary of the Interior. The Secretary of State was
sick and tired of his vain attempts to butcher this
official incumbent. He was handed over to more
skillful and experienced hands, a man who had
mind enough to conceive a plan^nd vigor enough
to execute it. He made short work of the job, as
the following letter will show:
[Mr. G. here read the letter from Senate docu-
ment No. 34.
This was a summary proceeding. Here was
an officer appointed by the President, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, dismissed
from the public service during the session of the
Senate, not only without consulting that body,
but, in my opinion, in violation of its rights as a
portion of the appointing power. If there has
ever been a similar exercise of power by the head
of an Executive Department in the history of this
Government I am not aware of it. But the ob-
ject was accomplished. Persecuted with unre-
lenting fury from the time the Administration
came into power, his drafts protested, although
drawn in strict accordance with his instructions,
and to enable him to discharge his duty to his
Government; surrounded by friends who had
faithfully discharged their duty to the Govern-
ment which had refused the means to pay them
for 'their services; hunted down by the Adminis-
tration press, and published everywhere as a de-
faulter, although the Government was indebted to
him«nd his associates thousands of dollars, this
gallant man, who had faced with chivalric valor
the enemies of his country, and never turned his
back upon a foe, retired in disgust from this igno-
ble contest, and obeyed an order issued in viola-
tion of the rights ana privileges of the Senate. But
I will let him tell his own story in reply to this
order, which he does in the following manner:
"SiK Diego, (Cal.,) March 1, 18o0.
J " Sib : I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of
I your communication of the 19th of December last, inform-
i ing me that my services as commissioner upon the bound-
! ary survey were no longer required. As soon as Major
! Emory arrives, to whom I am directed to turn over books,
papers, fee., it will give me very great pleasure to with-
; draw from tbe commission, especially since its business
] has been transferred to1 the Department of the Interior.'
" The letter to which you allude, from the Secretary of
State, under date of the 26th of June, has never been re-
ceived. Diligent search has been made for it in the post
office here, but it cannot be found. It may have been di-
rected in the same way his communication of the loth of
Mareh was directed, (' San Diego, Mexico,') and if so, its
failure to reach me is easily accounted for. A little knowl-
edge of the geography of a country oftentimes facilitates
the transmission of letters.
" It is unfortunate for me, although fortunate for the Gov-
ernment, that that letter was not received; unfortunate,
because its receipt would have justified me in withdrawing
from the commission at once, and engaging in business
more agreeable, and much more profitable than the public
employ. Besides, I would not have made myself liable to
suits for damages upon protested drafts. It is fortunate for
the Government, because its reception wouid have neces-
sarily disbanded the commission, and suspended the work
for an indefinite period. The Mexican Commissioner could
hardly have been expected to remain in the field until it
suited the convenience of our Government to provide the
necessary funds to prosecute the work. In this event, in-
stead of completing the line from the Pacific ocean to the
mouth of thwGila river, (except placing monuments at the
place agreed upon,) as is now the case, the commission
would have been broken up, and compelled to reorganize !
and reassemble at San Diego at some future day. This
would have subjected the Government to an additional ex-
pense of at least fifty thousand dollars. So that, whilst the
failure of that letter to reach its destination may, as it al-
ready has, inflicted injury upon me individually, the Gov-
ernment has profited very much. This portion of the work,
which has always been regarded the most difficult and most
important, is now nearly quite finished, and the joint com-
sion adjourned on the 16th ultimo, to meet at El Paso, in
the State of Chihuahua, on the first Monday of November
next. All this has been accomplished in despite of the pe-
culiar situation of affairs in this country, and the embar-
rassments which the Department has seen proper to throw ,
in our way. I
" In December last, I received from the clerk and dis-
bursing officer of the commission, who had been sent to
Washington under my orders, a copy of a letter addressed
to lum by the Secretary of State under date July 20th, in-
forming him that my drafts on the Treasury could not be
paid until vouchers for the whole amount received were li
adjusted by the proper officer! How the Department ex-
pected the commissioner to obtain vouchers, and transmit
them to Washington without funds, is to me incomprehens-
ible. Did the Secretary expect that the commissioner
would be able to Imve vouchers at all times in that city suf-
ficient to cover his drafts ? Five thousand miles or more
from the accounting officer, was it supposed that he c ould
show the Department in advance the nrecise manner in
which he proposed expending the prcWeeds of his drafts?
But payment is suspended because the drafts there exceeded
the vouchers returned some eight thousand dollars ! If my
vouchers had been in Washington for that balance, does it
not follow, as a necessary consequence, that I would have
been in the field without a single dollar? Was the com-
missioner to have no funds on hand to meet the exigencies
I of the service? But there is a broad insinuation in the let-
ter of the Secretary, so manifestly unjust that it is only
necessary to allude to it. He speaks of the commissioner
having drawn money 'since his removal from offi.ee." If
this had been true, it would have been a dishonorable act;
but the whole record of the case will show that it is en-
tirely destitute of truth. The respect I owe the Depart-
ment will not allow me to characterize the insinuation as
it deserves.
" A draft drawn by me for $10,000 and protested for
non-payment has been sent back here for collection. That
draft was negotiated by Colonel Fremont at my request,
and the money has been fairly and honestly expended
for the benefit of the Government. At the time it was
placed in his hands, I had not a dollar with which to
pay the employees, or even defray the necessary expenses
of the commission. Without the proceeds of that draft,
the work would have been suspended, the American com-
missioner driven from the field, and the employees left at
San Diego without the means to subsist or get away. And
now,whilst the Government holds my vouchers for nearly if
not the whole amount of the appropriation, exclusive of my
compensation, 8tc., I am left to answer whatsoever damages
the holders of that and other drafts may obtain against me!
I am not only deprived of my compensation for services
rendered, at a great pecuniary sacrifice, but my private funds
have been seized to cover protested drafts, the proceeds of
which have gone to the benefit ef the Government.
" Other parties have been sent into California upon public
service; and I challenge comparison between their labors,
their expenses, and those of the boundary commission.
Whilst public business has been suspended, and all classes
wildly excited by the rich mineral discoveries of this coun-
try, the boundary survey has been steadily prosecuted. Not
an employee, whether engineer or servant, deserted, nor did
any of" them ask for discharges until reliable information
reached this country that a new commissioner was to be ap-
pointed. '
" I had selected men upon whose personal pledge of honor
I could rely, and they did not deceive me. There was
scarcely a man upon the commission who could not have
obtained from private individuals three times as much as
was allowed them. Let the wages given these men be
compared with the wages allowed for similar services in
this country, and I trust the Department will be satisfied that
the charge of extravagance which it has countenanced is
without the shadow of truth.
" I must again invoke most earnestly the attention of the
Department to the satisfaction of the just demands against
the commission. Injustice should not be done to the em-
ployees merely to gratify the prejudice which may be en-
tertained against the employer. For myself, I am content
to await the action of Congress, confident that that branch
of the Government will in the end do me justice.
" I have the honor to be, very respectfully, yonr obedient
servant, JOHN B. WELLER.
" Hon. Tbomas Ewing,
" Sec'y of Department of Interior."
In conclusion, Mr. President, I will repeat what
I said the other day, when this subject was unex-
pectedly sprung upon the Senate. Colonel Wel-
ler was falsely published as a defaulter; his drafts,
drawn in strict accordance with the power con-
ferred upon him in the instructions of Secretary
Buchanan, were protested in violation of duty and
good faith, which left him without the means to
prosecute the important work intrusted to him;
yet he faithfully persevered to the end, discharged
his duty to his country, and wijl receive the plau-
dits of his fellow-citizens. His account has been
settled by the accounting officers of the Govern-
ment—not an item rejected, and a balance of
thousands declared to be due to him. Equal honor
should be awarded to his associates who faith-
fully stood by him in all of his trials and ably dis-
charged their duties. Some of these associates
are now in that distant land without means to en-
able them to get home, while the Government is
largely indebted to them. Some of them have
borrowed money at enormous rates of interest—
ten per cent, a month—to bring them home, and
now appeal to the Government to redress their
wrongs; and if their appeal is unavailing, will
ask relief at our hands, which I hope will be
granted.
Mr. EWING. My attention was called by the
Senator from Michigan to a declaration made by
me in reply to his inquiry on Thursday last, that
if Colonel Weller had been a Whig, with the in-
formation which we had concerning him and his
conduct in the commission, I would nave endorsed
his removal? I will now, as I think I shall be able
to do it, having the record before me, endeavor to
satisfy gentlemen on the other Bide of the Chamber
