THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON,BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $l 50 FOR THIS SESSION.
3I«t Congrei*, 3d Session.
FRIDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1850.
New Serib«.... No. 6.
that had a Democratic Administration been in j
power, and the same tacts come to them which I
were presented to us, Colonel W eller would have '
been asked to cease to render service as head of
that responsible commission. I may be mistaken,
but I think I can do this. In the first place, I would
call the attention of the Senate to the fact that
Colonel Weller was appointed to this service about
the last of December, 1848, appointed after a new
President had been elected, and before he had en-
tared on the duties of his office. He was appointed
a long time before it was necessary to proceed to
the execution of the commission, as the lime fixed
for the commissioners of the two Governments to
meet at San Diego and organize the commission
was the 30th of May, 1849. Here, then, was
some little haste in making this appointment; and
I venture the conjecture'that had that Administra-
tion been about to continue, had they expected to
carry out that commission themselves, -that ap-
pointment would not have been made at that time.
Perhaps it would, but I do not think it. Now, we ■
are to recollect that this was a very important
trust. The man to carry out that commission
ought to hare been one in whom the Administra-
tion had confidence, as one prudent and trust-
worthy in the conduct and management of pecu-
niary affairs of importance. It was not enough
that he had fought battles bravely. He may have
done this or he may not. He may have been a
brave man and a successful military commander;
but that, if true, would not necessarily qualify him
for the duty which devolved on the" head of this
commission.
He was appointed about the time I have named.
I think the first letter which he received from the
Secretary of State was dated about the 20th or
85th of January, his commission as a matter of
course existing at that time. When he was con-
firmed by the Senate, I am unable to stfite defi-
nitely. The letter which he received directs him, in
the first place, when he has formed his corps, to
report to the Secretary of State the persons whom
he has employed, and to give in that report the
particular duties which he assigns to each individ-
ual, and also the amount of compensation to each.
These were exceedingly important instructions,
especially necessary in a case where so much
money had to be advanced upon the responsibility
of the officer himself alone. The Department of
State ought to have known what disposition he
was going to make of that money; whom he em-
ployed, for what he employed them, and what
salary he paid them* The instructions require
this—they require the information to be rendered
promptly; ana they go further, and require him to
report to the Department quarterly Ins accounts
and vouchers. The Senator from Michigan is
mistaken in saying that his instructions exactly
corresponded to.the provisions of the law; they
were more stringent than the terms of the law, as
under the circumstances they ought to have been.
I read from the letter of Mr. Buchanan to Mr. W.
of the 24th of January, 1849:
" Of alt these expense!! you will keep a regular account,
which, together with the necessary vouchers, you will
render and transmit quarterly to the Fifth Auditor for set-
dement."
AJ1 this is to protect the public funds, to protect
the public service. But the appointment of this
officer was made, and his instructions given, by
an Administration which would not exist when
the commission was to be executed. Now, if it
was necessary for this officer to go out to execute
this duty, when was it important for him to leave
the United StatesSomething has been said about
appointees of a new Administration leaving for
th« field of their duty before they had received
confirmation by the Senate. This officer was re-
?uired to be at San Diego by the 30th of May.
t would have given him time enough if he had
left New York oh the first of April. Had he re-
mained uhtil that time he eould have communicated
with the new Administration, and received in-
structions from those under whom he was to act
in this service on the Pacific coast; or to learn
whether he was acceptable to those under whom
6
these duties were to be performed, and who were
responsible for their performance, and whether
they were disposed to confide this important trust
tff him. But, two days before the incoming of the
new Administration, on the second of March, j
1849, and before a telegraphic dispatch from the I
new Secretary could by possibility reach him, ex-
cusing him from the service or giving him instruc-
tions as to its execution, he left the United States.
Nor did he hasten his arrival at San Diego by his
hasty departure, lie was-no nearer the end of
his journey when at Panama, in point of time,
than if he had remained at New Orleans. No, sir;
he was much further off; it would, on every rea-
sonable calculation, take him and his party much
longer to get to San Diego from Panama than if I
he had taken his passage in the April steamer from
New York. But when he arrived at Panama,
, without having procured a passage in a steamer
beyond that point, he was, as he says himself,
compelled to wait there for the means of convey-
ance. His total want of forecast and preparation
is disclosed in his letter to the Secretary of State,
dated at Panama, March SO, 1849, in which he
-says:
" There is no transportation here now, and from present
indications it is exceedingly doubtful whether the party can
he gotten to San Diego for months to eomc, unless a Gov-
ernment vessel should touch at this point."
He had gotten himself out of the United States
—beyond the reach of ready communication with
the Department—and beyond that he had made
no provision whatsoever, but depended upon the
chance of a United States ship touchingat Panama.
Now let us stop here for a moment and look at
the condition of this commission under the man-
agement of Colonel Weller. He had received, on
tire 18th of February, $33,661 37 in advance; the
manner of his setting out; the condition into which
he had on the 20th of March brought himself and
his thirty-three employees, I have already shown.
Now, would any man fit to be trusted with the
i control of such a commission, having on hand
I' abundant means, have reduced himself' to straits I
like theseinsoshorttime.leavinghisparty without I
1 any means of reaching their place of destination ?
' Was such a man fit to conduct so important a sur-
, vey ? Will any one say he was the proper man
, to do it? Why, all the intelligent young men who
j went to California took care to get their tickets
i; through, so that they need not be detained upon
] the coast at Panama. But this officer of the Gov-
I ernment, going to execute an important duty for
the Government—was it excusable that he failed
to make the ordinary provision for the future
which every intelligent private citizen took care
to make for himself? Would a Democratic Pres-
ident who -wished to do his duty have retained
Colonel Weller under these circumstances—espe-
, cially when we add to this, that he had wholly neg-
lected to make the report required by the Secretary
of the names, duties, and pay of the persons em-
ployed on the commission, and failed to render
his accounts and vouchers pursuant to instructions ?
The Senator from California says that the corps
was not fully organized at Panama, and could not, •
therefore, be reported. He is mistaken; Colonel
; Weller, in his letter to the Secretary of State, of
, the 20th of March, says:
i "I have the honor to report that under instructions from
1 your Department of the 24th January last, I embarked from
jVew Orleans with the necessary number of employees on
the 2d instant, and reached this city on the 16th."
| In his letter to William Nelson, United- States
' Consul at Panama, he says:
"I have with me a full complement of engineers and
employees, all of whom are necessary to enable me to ex-
ecute the orders of the Government."
There he is then at Panama, with his whole
■ party, asking the United states Consul to provide
' the means for him to get to San Diego, and he
says not a word to the Department of State as
. to the number of his employees. He has his
■ whole corps with him at New Orleans and at
! Panama, waiting for accident to furnish the means
of proceeding, but gives' no information to the
, Secretary of State, except that he had his full corps
M ith him; that he was at Panama, and had pro-
i vided no means of getting further on; rendering
I no account, but letting him know that the money
1 with which he set out was insufficient, and that
more must be placed under his control; and sub-
i stantially, Ilk tetter showed that the whole com-
i mission was in a state of the most admirable con-
fusion.
The Senator from California says there were
no complaints made against Colonel Weller by
those who were engaged with him on the commis-
sion. He is mistaken. Lieutenant Whipple, who
was at Panama with liim, complained in very
strong terms of the course of treatment pursued
by Colonel Weller towards him; and whoever
will read the letter of Lieutenant Whipple, of
the 17th of May, will see that Colonel Weller
treated him with hauteur and contempt. It is as
follows:
'• Panama, May 17,1849.
'• Sir : I send herewith a copy of a letter to Colonel
Weller, and hii reply, that yon may understand the condi-
. tion in which I am left by the commissioner.
"In the first place, several days since I made up my ac-
counts for transportation and per diem allowance, according
to the expressed desire of the commissioner, which, when
presented, he-was willing to take and send to the Depart-
ment at home, hut refused to pay.
'• At the same time I presented, at his request, an estimate
an^ requisition for the subsistence of those left under my
charge. This requisition he never answered.
" Finding myself about to be penniless, and absolutely
out of the reach of assistance, the correspondence of this
date followed.
kl I sent to him also a message by Mr. Gardner, with a re-
quest that he would send to me $400, and take a receipt
such as follows: 'Received of the Hon. John B. Weller,
United States Commissioner, the sum of #400; which sum
, is designed to pay for subsistence and transportation for my-
self to San Diego, and is to be refunded talhe commissioner
or covered by proper vouchers. '■ This he returned without
comment.
" I then wrote a note to Major Vinton, desiring to know
from whatappropriatiorrmy transportation should be paid,
under the circumstances stated.
" He returned a verbal message merely, referring me to
! Major McKinstry, who is now on the steamer, out of my
reach. , ,
! " Should I, therefore, be left here without funds to pay my
' expenses here and obtain transportation for myself and ser-
vant to San Diego, and should my communication with you,
. my commanding officer, bp cut off, I Bhall be compelled to'
I write the circumstances to Colonel Abert, and have the
matter brought before the Government, that the responsi-
i bility may rest where it belongs.
" In case the person designated by the commissioner as a
quartermaster promptTy pays the expenses which I _ may
: deem necessary, I shall acquiesce; otherwise it will be
; necessary to inquire from higher authority whether an officer
■ of the Army must be subject to the control of an irresponj-i—
■ ble person, without a commission, and unknown to the
Government of the United States.
" X am, very respectfully, yours, &c..
' r "A. M. WHIPPLE.
, " Major ExoHY, Chief Assistant,
and Topographical Engineer, Boundary Survey."
In this situation of things, Colonel Weller took
! passage? for himself and some persons connected
with his commission in a steamer for San Diego,
Ieavinga large part of the scientific corps at Pana-
ma. Their officers having the command of no
funds, and no means provided for their transporta-
l tion, an effort was made by the Consul, Mr. Nel-
i son, to procure a passage for a part of this corps
in one of the Howland and Aspinwall steamers.
: They agreed to take a small number, as many as
they could possibly provide for; but a difference
1 arose between Colonel Weller's commissary and
Lieut. Whipple as to the persons who were to he
preferred. None were agreed on, and conse-
quently none sent on.
The following letter from Mr. Nelson to Lieut.
, Whipple of the 23d May, shows this fact:
« PasaKa, May 23,1849.
" Sir: Your note of the 22d instant has been received.
1 An arrangement had previously been made between Mr.
I O. S. Witherby and myself, by which it was determined
\ that a certain number of persona attached to the boundary
!! commission could be accommodated upon the steamar
i Oregon. That number was designated by Mr. Witherby,
and the list arranged to his satisfaction.
"Upon the strength of your recommendation, and the
apparent necessity to the commission for the unices of
1 those designated by you, their names were added by me to
i the number already upon the list, although much against
my desire, the boat being already too much crowded; and
his list, with the prices of passage attached, wa  aem to
ii Mr. Witherby for a draft to cover the amount.
" "Thishe refused, alleging he was the person designated
' by the Commissioner to make the selection of those who
were to go, and that a Mr. Conner, carpenter, and others.
