82
THE CONGRESSIONAL tJLOBE.
Dec. 18,
wtre more nefemry to the service of the fonraiirini than i
tho«* designated by you. He vtb* wiliin* to pay Tor their I
extra ticket*, provided .he could aelcct the permm* to re- ,
e*Mvt  thrnu butwh^n informed ttint th   \\ n« already
crowded, that tickets for th«* persons in question were only
issued upon flu* siipjnwd necessity of their prr<onoe in
fc*«n Diego being indispensable, he preferred detaining the
whole until the arrival of the steamer California, rather *
than «n> should so other than thixe selected by himself.
For yourself and servant I Have secured pnrcaso.
'* Jn haste, respectful U, your obedient servant,
-W. NELSON.
"Lieut. WairPLs, United States Army*
This is the manner in which the affaire of this
commission were conducted in Panama—a manner
that is ruildly characterized when we call it bun-
gling.
Colonel Weller, however, in his own proper
person, reached Sail Diego, and met the Mexican
commissioner there. He remained till the 16th of
August, during which time it does not appear that
anything -was done, and then set out for San Fran-
cisco " on business." He was absent, as far as
appears by the papers, until about the 4th of Oc-
tober.
He left with Colonel Emory at San Diego his
civil employees, but without any instructions how
they were to be employed, and Colonel Emory did
not know what to do with them. In a letter to the
Secretary of State of the 15th September, he says:
"-The commii iooer bu been absent on^business since
Ike 16th of Auiust, and I am without the means ot" knowing
what is to be doue with die civil assistant* brought out b>
me; but I respectfully ask consideration for them, more
particularly tor the two scientific gentlemen—Professor
James Vooney and Dr. C. C. Party; and that, should their
•ervices be no longer required, direction? may be given to
have their expenses paid back to their homes."
Now, here was this large party of thirty-thsee
or thirty-four persons assembled at Panama in the
first place, and after remaining there for months,
at last brought to San Diego. When there the first
duty to be performed was to settle scientifically
what was the lower point in the harbor of San
Diego, in order to measure the marine league below
to the initial point. Now, what had these civil em-
ployees to do during this time? Colonel Weller,
if fit for the commission, must have known when
he set out what were the duties to be performed,
and the order in which they would present them-
selves. And what could he suppose the host of
persons whom he had brought with him from civil
life, who were neither surveyors nor astronomers,
could do to forward the necessary observations?
'Colonel Emory shows that they had nothing to do,
and were left by Colonel Weller a burden on his
hands. But during the absence of Colonel Weller 1
the necessary observations were made, with a sur- J
vey of the narbor of San Diego—a dispute as to j
its true boundaries settled—the marine league meas-
ured, and the initial point fixed. This was re-
ported by Captain Gray to Colonel Weller on the
4th of October, 1849, and byColonel Wellertothe
Department of State on the 5th, immediately after
his return from his six weeks' tour to San Fran-
cisco. %
Captain Gray was afterwards dispatched with
a party to fix the point of junction between the Gila
and the Colorado, and explore the country be-
tween the two points. On his way he fell in with
Colonel Collier's party, and finding them ex-
hausted by their long and toilsome journey, and
in need of his aid and escort, detached Lieutenants
Whipple and Foster to proceed with their duties
at the Colorado, and he returned to San Diego
with Colonel Collier. Colonel Weller found in
this a violation of the orders which he had given
to Captain Gray, and in an attempt to inflict per-
sonal chastisement on the captain for this violation
of orders, the gallant colonel was wounded, and
thus terminated his active duties.
Such is the information which I have on this
subject; it may be erroneous, but if so, the Sena-
tor from California, who is fully informed as to
all these matters, can set me right. And he can
t ll us in what condition Colonel Weller was at
the time, and whether his habits while in Panama
and in California were such as qualified him for
the control of men or the unchecked management
of large sums of public money, or in any way to
have the conduct and management of this import-
ant commission. The actual combat in which
Colonel Weller was wounded is not described in
any of the correspondence printed; but we have
letters from Captain Gray, in which, omitting the
conflict, he makes out a strong ease against Colonel
Weller of arrogance and injustice towards him.
Well, the poiut at the mputh of the Gila was
fixed by the party of Captain Gray and the Mex- i
irnn commissioner, in the absence of Colonel '
Weller. Another point upon an elevation, and on
the line, was determined, from which the azimuth
of the line between the initial point on the Pacific
and the mouth of the Gila was determined, and an
experimental line run between those points, by
which the true line was approximately but not ex-
actly determined. But Colonel Wellerdid nothing
in these operations, except to embarrass and retard
them. 1
Such, then, is the condition in which this bound-
ary commission stood when placed under my con-
trol in December last. I could detail but few of
these circumstances the other day, when the sub-
ject was suddenly stArted in the Senate, and those
few but generally and imperfectly. I have since
had an opportunity of referring to the record, and
find it fts detailed above; and, to correct an error
into whish I had fallen, I find that Colonel Wel-
ler's drufls did not exceed the amount of the ap-
propriation, but he left the commission involved in
dtbt very much beyond it. I find, too, that Colonel
Weller had not, as I had supposed, fixed the ini-
tial point on the Pacific prior to the first order for
his dismissal; he had in fact done nothing except
to expend a large sum of money, incumber the
commission with a large number of useless em-
ployees for whom he had no employment, and in-
volve it in debt.
Now, when we take into view the facts detailed
in this case, drawn as they almost wholly are
from the official correspondence, I think I am safe
in saying that no Administration which wished to
perform its duties faithfully and efficiently would
have retained Colonel Weller in this service, no
matter how closely he may have been connected
with its members by political association.
I have been drawn into this examination, not by
any seeking of mine, but from necessity—gentle-
men on the other side having singled Colonel Wel-
ler out and brought him prominently forward as a
blameless, and trustworthy, and efficient officer,
the victim of proscription and persecution. They
have brought forward general charges of unwar-
rantable removals, and from among all the cases
they have selected Colonel Weller's as the one in
thor opinion best sustaining their general charge.
On the case here made, I am content to leave the
question, and let the public judge by the sample
which they have selected.rt: do not, however, think
or say that they have been fortunate in their selec-
: tion.
! Mr. GWIN. The chief cause of complaint
I against Colonel Weller by the Senator from Ohio
; is, that he started to the Pacific coast when he was
ready, and did not wait to give the new Adminis-
tration time to remove him. So fierce was the
Senator after him, that he intimates that if a tele-
graphic dispatch could have reached him before
he left the United States, one would have been
dispatched to him on the 5th of Maseh. The Sen-
- ator forgets that Colonel Weller had an interview
in Cincinnati, as I stated the other day, with Gen-
eral Taylor, who gave him (Weller) to understand
he would not be disturbed. This is not sufficient
to protect him against the imputation of the Sen-
ator that he exhibited hot haste to get out of the
country to escape removal. But Colonel Weller
had no reason then to suppose that General Tay-
lor would not be de facto as well as de jure President,
or that the Senator would be in the Cabinet, or I
am sure "he would not have felt safe in leaving the
United States. The Senator complains of his
financial ability, and that he was not in that re-
spect competent for the station. This is matter of
opinion, but if he had no financial reputation be-
' fore, the Senator ought and the country will give
' him the credit of being an able financier now, when
he was enabled to accomplish the important work
on the Pacific coast, notwithstanding the starving-
out policy adopted towards him by the Adminis-
tration. As to nis want of the capacity and proper
qualifications to discharge the duties of commis-
'' sioner,as the Senator states, I am willing to let the
country judge of that. His having fought a battle
or being a brave man was not hisonly reputation
when he received this appointment. He had a
national reputation as an enlightened statesman long
, before his achievements in Mexieo or his appoint-
ment as commissioner.
The Senator says, to get out of the reach pf re-
! moval, he hurried out of the United States with-
!1 out making the least preparation to transport his
party from Panama to San Diego. He says fur-
ther, that there was no prospect for such transport-
ation; and Colonel Weller knew it, for he writes
that he will likely have to wait until some United
States vessel touches at Panama. In all of these
statements the Senator is mistaken. It was known
all over the United States that the steamship Cali-
fornia was to leave Panama on the 1st of April for
California. I got a ticket to go up on her in this
city on the 6th of March, 1849, and it was stated
on the face of the ticket that she was to leave on
the 25th of March or 1st of April. Colosel Wel-
ler, as a United States officer on important national
business, it was known, would be sent up on the
first steamship, as he was. As it would take some
time to get his supplies over the Isthmus, he hur-
ried oft" from New Orleans in order to be ready to
go up in the California. So fixed was the im-
pression that this steamship would go up the coast
on the 1st of April that many of us who had
tickets were in great apprehension that we would
not arrive in Panama in time to take passage upon
her. It is equally well known that she failed to
meet her engagement on account of the desertion
of her crew. The Senator says there was no need
of Colonel Weller being if! such a hurry to leave
the United States. The result proves the reverse.
As it was, he did not get to San Diego until two
days after the treaty stipulated he should have
been there; and if the Mexican commissioner
had arrived in time, as he did not, some difficulty
might have arisen on account of it. As stated
above, the failure of the California to meet her en-
gagement on the 1st of April caused the delay,
and no want of diligence on the part of Colonel
Weller.
Now, as to the complaint of Lieutenant Whip-
ple, of which the Senator wishes to make some-
thing. It was a mere dispute among subordinates
about the time and mode of transportation after
Colonel Weller had left Panama. There were
two steamships going up, the Oregon and Cali-
fornia; and all those attached to the commission,
who had not accompanied Colonel Weller, were
to go up on these two vessels. Well, they all
wanted to go up on the first vessel that left that
port, and this was the main cause of difficulty; but
it was a mere bagatelle—not worthy of notice, and
of which Colonel Weller was not cognizant. And,
sir, let me remind the Senator that this originated
more in the want of the necessary funds than from
any other cause. The commissioner was econo-
mizing his funds to be able to commence opera-
tions at San Diego without delay.
The Senator speaks of the extraordinary confu-
sion in the commission at Panama as a justifica-
tion of Colonel Weller's removal; but was this
the cause of the removal ? The Senator cannot
pretend that it was; for if this statement was true,
which I deny, this state of affairs was unknown
and uncomplained of at Washington when he
was removed. "
Mr. EWING. He was removed before he left
Panama for the reasons stated. The complaints
were made previously. The Senator from Cali-
fornia has complained of my removing him. The
complaints were made before he was removed,
and I stated that as one of the reasons of his re-
moval before.
Mr. GWIN. I stated that he was removed
on the 26th of June. His removal at that date,
and his dismissal by the Senator as Secretary of
the Interior in December, are two distinct events.
It is true, he was not relieved, because Colonel
Fremont had not relieved him. The Senator dis-
missed him. He was only notified unofficially
that Colonel Fremont was appointed to supersede
him. The order for Colonel Weller's removal
, was not sent to him, but to Colonel Fremont, his
successor, with instructions not to deliver it till he
entered upon the duties of the office. For satis-
factory reasons, Colonel Fremont never entered
on these duties, and it was notorious for a long
, time that Colonel Weller was discharged, though
! he was not relieved. He could have left the
commission, but to have done so would have been
a great disadvantage to the United States Govern-
ment. He was compelled by the circumstances
in which he was placed to remain there and dis-
charge the duties in order that the public interest
might not suffer. This remarkable state of things
i was produced by the fact that the letter of remo-
I val was not delivered to him, and his successor
I did not qualify.
