1890.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S3
The Senator says he was removed because he !|
was nol fit for the office. If this was the opinion i I
of the Administration from the first, why did they ■1
not act upon it ? Why did they not send the I
order for his removal by the California ambassa-
dor general, T. Butler King? He was the confi-
dential agent of the Administration, and familiar.|
with all of their secrets. He met Colonel Weller I
at Panama, but never intimated that he would be
removed. The truth is, it was not determined
upon then to remove him. The shrewd Secreta-
ry of State thought he could accomplish this ob-
ject in another way; it was to starve out the com-
missioner by allowing him no salary, and thus
force him to resign, and before Ambassador Gen-
eral King left the United States the following let-
ter was addressed to Colonel Weller:
" Sia: I have to inform you that Congress, at its lale
session, omitted to pass an act prescribing the amounts of
the salaries of the civilians attached to the commission of
which you are the head. Consequently, until this omis-
aiou be remedied, compensation for your services as a com-
missioner, and for those of Mr. Gray, as surveyor, cannot
be lawfully paid."
This letter is remarkable in two respects: it at-
tempts to starve out the commissioner and sur-
veyor, and thus get clear of the odium of remov- ,
ing them; and ifccharges Mr. Clayton's predeces-
sor, Mr. Buchanan, with doing an unlawful act.
Mr. Clayton says, until Congress fixes the salary
you "cannot be lawfully paid." It is hard to
say whether the Secretary of State exhibits more
ignorance or bad manners in this assertion. Fifty
.thousand dollars was appropriated to run this
boundary^ The treaty required that there should
lie a commissioner and surveyor. Without them
the commission could not be organized, and the
appropriation useless. Congress did not stultify
itself by making an appropriation that could not be
used, nor was so far neglectful of its duties as to
fail to provide for a commissioner and surveyor,
and thus leave the Mexican treaty unexecuted.
So Mr. Clayton charges; for only by the passage
of this appropriation did Congress provide for
• carrying out the provision of the treaty i® relation
to the boundary. This is the celebrated letter ad-
dressed to San Diego, Mexico, instead of Cali-
fornia.
The Senator from Ohio constantly refers to
what Colonel Weller did after the order for his
removal emanated from the State Department to
justify the act of removal. But I charge that he
was removed without other than political causes,
■while an attempt is made to show that he was re- :
moved for other causes; and when those making
the charge are called on for proof, they refer to 1
events that occurred after the removal. This is
worse than disingenuous; it is an attempt to de-
ceive the public, and to leave a false impression
©n the public mind. The Senator shall not escape
me in this way. I have charged that he was re- |
moved without cause, and have proved it by the
public documents furnished to the Senate by the
Senator himself He stands convicted from his
own reports, and has just acknowledged that he
misstated facts and dates; but, instead of acknowl-
edging the injustice, he goes on to attack Colonel
Weller's acts as commissioner. Among other
things, he says he did nothing, was absent twice j
during the year for a length of time, and the em- i
ployees doing nothing owing to his absence. This
latter statement is a mistake, as the reports of
Emory and Gray show. They were actually em-
ployed all the time the commissioner was absent.
And why was he absent? Trying to raise funds
to keep his employees at work; trying to remedy
• the neglect of the Administration in not sending
funds. Who forced him from the field of opera-
tions? The Administration. If the public inter-
est suffered by his absence, who is responsible
for it? The Administration, of which the Sena-
tor formed no unimportant part.
The Senator talks of the commissioner as if he
were a mere operative, to do duty in carrying the |
chain or stick up stakes for the surveyors. Far !
different were the duties of the commissioner, and
, well and ably did Colonel Weller discharge the
duties; and if he was ever absent from his post he
was forced away by the neglect of the Govern-
ment, and by no fault of his. If he did not ac-
eompany the Mexican commissioner to the Colo- '
rado, it was because he was absent trying to raise
funds to pay the expenses of the expedition—
funds that should have been placed at his com- j
mand by the Government. |
The Senator refers to a difficulty that occurred
between Colonel Weller and Mr. Gray, the sur-
veyor, and wills on me to know what was Colonel
W\'s condition when this occurred. There is
nothing in the public documents touching this mat-
ter, and I know not why the Senator has intro-
duced it here, nor why he refers to me so particu-
larly about it, as I was not present, and know no
more about it and probably not so much as the
Senator, for he has stated events connected with it
that I never heard of before. All I know about it
is this: Mr. Gray started from the Pacific to make
a survey or reconnoissance to the mouth of the
Gila; en route he met Colonel Collier and his party,
and was induced by them to turn back and escort
them by a new route to San Diego. This caused
a difference between Colonel Weller and Mr. Gray,
the former thinking he should have proceeded on
his route. This difference led to a rencouitter,
which both no doubt regretted. It was the im-
pulse of the moment," was not officially reported
by either party, and should not have been intro-
duced here. The parties are, I believe, now good
friends, and most willing for the whole affair to
be forgotten. In conclusion, I have charged that
Colonel Weller was removed without cause; that
he was falsely charged with being a defaulter when
the Government was largely indebted to him; that
his drafts were protested, causing great loss to
him personally, and an increased expense to the
Government of thousands of dollars. I leave it
to the country to decide whether I have made good
my defence of Colonel Weller, and my charges
against the Administration of neglect of duty.
Mr. CASS. So far as respects the original
issue involved in tRis case, I am not to be driven
from it at all. That was the only reason why I
undertook to say a word. I have had some ex-
perience as well as the Senator from Ohio in mat-
ters of public accounts, and it struck me as a very
strange reason that a man should be removed for
such a delay as was said to have occurred in this
case. It was only on that account that I under-
took to investigate the facts. Now, with respect
to what has been said tp-day by the Senator from
Ohio, I have no remark to make. I have full
confidence in the capacity and probity of Colonel
Weller.. I believe he was unjustly and unneces-
sarily removed; but, as I said before, if the Sena-
tor from Ohio had put^he reason of his removal
upon the ground of his politics, and because he
was a Democrat, and even if every Democrat were
swept off on that ground, I should not have a
word to say. But it is precisely because the Sen-
ator does not put it on that ground, but on the
ground of improper conduct on the part of Colonel
Weller, and of the instructions given him, that I
have spoken on the subject. The first reason
given for his removal was that he failed to render
his accounts in a proper time. The Senator says
now that he had not the confidence of the Admin-
istration . If he had given that as his reason at first,
I would have acquiesced in the decision of the
Administration in removing him; but he gives as
a reason that he did not render his accounts in
season. I must continue to show how illegal this
transaction was, according to the accounts given.
Colonel Weller did not reach Panama, his first
halting place, until the 16th of March, and he was
removed on the 26th of June. Only a small frac-
tion of the first quarter, had then expired, and no
Administration, disposed to conduct fairly towards
an officer, would remove him for failing to make
a return within such a fraction, even if the Sena-
tor were right, as he is not, in his construction of
the law. I will read the provision upon this sub-
jects
" Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That every officer or
agent of the United States, who alia.ll receive public money
which he is not authorized to retain, as salary, pay, or
emolument, shall render his accounts quarter yearly to
the proper accounting officers of the Treasury, with the
vouchers necessary to the correct and prompt settlement
thereof, within three months at least after the expiration of
each successive quarter, if resident within the United
States; and within six months if resident within a foreign
country: Provided, That nothing herein contained shall
be eonstrued to restrain the Secretaries of any of the
Departments from requiring such returns from any officer
or agent, subject to the control of such Secretaries, aa the
public interest may require.
Sec. 3. -Ind be it further enacted, That every officer
or agent of the United States who shall offend against the
provisions of the preceding sections, shall, by the officer
charged with the difection of the Department to which such
offending officer is resoponsible, be promptly reported to the
President of the United States, and dismissed from the pub-
lic service: Provided, That in all cases where any officer,
! in default as aforesaid, shall account to the satisfaction of
! the President for such default, he may be continued in of-
fice, anything in t£>e foregoing provision to the contrary
notwithstanding."
We might fairly consider tlie first quarter as
the first full quarter, including in it the fraction,
and the officer is to have the whole of the next
quarter, if in the United States, and of the quar-
ter beyond that if in a foreign country, within
which to forward his accounts to the Treasury.
All this is clear; and Colonel Weller was removed
■ before the expiration of the first quarter itself—
before actually the day of paying the accounts
had come, including the fractional quarter ill the
first, or before the time required for the rendition
of the accounts by law, if the portion of the
month is to be considered as a full quarter. Such
a removal for such an alleged reason, never took
place before; I trust it never will take place again.
Now, what answer does the Senator give to this
view of the law and of the rights ana duties of
the officer? Why, he says that the discretionary
power given to the Secretary of the Department
(then Mr. Buchanan) was exercised, and that the
term of three months, within which, after the ex-
piration of the quarter, the accounts were to be
rendered, was shortened, to what period he does
not say, but I suppose just enough to make Colo-
nel Weller a defaulter. But, sir, the Senator is
altogether in error. There is no such direction to
be found in Mr. Buchanan's letter. Nothing like
it. Mr. Buchanan, in the precise terms of the
law, requires Colonel Weller to render his ac-
counts quarterly. But at what time are these
quarterly accounts to be rendered to the Treasury?
Certainly not within the quarter, for that must ex-
pire before the payments can be legally made, and
then time must be allowed to prepare and send on
the accounts, and in many cases, from the position
' of public officers, much -time must elapse, after
1 the expiration of the quarters, before even the
- payments can be made, as in the case of the In-
dian agents, whose sub-agents or interpreters may
be far in the interior; in the case of postmasters at
remote stations; and of other disbursing officers
' under similar circumstances. And it was pre-
cisely- for this reason that the law allowed three
\ months, after the expiration of the quarter, to the
officer to make his payments, prepare his vouch-
ers, and forward them. Is this term shortened
by Mr. Buchanan? Not a word of it. He does
| not touch the point at all. He leaves that to the
j law. He says, render your accounts quarterly—
; by quarterly subdivisions of the year; and so does
the law. He might, indeed, nave exercised a
discretion, and shortened this term, for the
law allowed that if there was a just reason for it.
But in this case he should have said, you are not
I to have three months after the expiration of the
quarter within which to render your accounts; you
! are to, have but one month, or two months, or the
fifty-six days used in this ease. AlLthis, how-
ever unjustifiable, would have been plain. But
what reason could be given for such an act of
power, I do not know; for I doubt if there is a dis-
bursing officer in the United States, out of Wash-
ington, who is required to render his accounts at a
shorter period than three months. Such cases, if
they do exist, must be very rare. I am speaking
of vouchers and accounts, of statements of receipts
and expenditures. Now, here is an officer, almost
on the other side of the globe, ifi a new and wild
country, and can human imagination find a reason
for shortening his term for rendering accounts
which would not apply, and with tenfold force, to
every other officer in the United States? It never
entered into the thought of Mr. Buchanan to do so.
His instruction was correct, and he left to the of-
ficer the term given to him by law for this per-
formance of his duty. Why, sir, the Senator says
this time was shortened. Let measkhim to what
time it was shortened? By what day had Colo-
nel Weller reason to suppose his accounts must be
rendered? Mr. Buchanan and the law say, render
them quarterly; and that is all Mr. Buchanan
says. Now, 1 have already shown that rendering
accounts quarterly cannot mean that they must be
rendered within the quarter itself, for that is im-
possible. It must expire before the payments are
made. Then Mr. Buchanan was referring, as the
first provision of the law does, to the quarterly
subdivisions, by which payments are made and
accounts rendered, and not to the time when these
accounts shall be received at the Treasury. That
he left to the law. If he did limit it, I call upon
