1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
&
the honor to present for the consideration of the
committee, and this amendment involves the en-
tire question in regard to low postage.
It will be perceived, I think, that the contest
here \v\ll be between letter and newspaper reduc-
tion. On the subject of letter postage, I am hi
favor of a reduction to a uniform rate of five cents
for all distances on single letters. At present it is
five cents under three hundred miles, and ten cents
for all distances beyond that, excepting when sent
to Oregon and California. This is a great reduc-
tion in the present rates, but it is believed that the
increased amount of matter that will be sent
through the mail# under this standard of rates,
will very soon make good any immediate reduc-
tion of the revenue. This has been the result of
the reductions heretofore made. For the present,
I think this amount of reduction would be a safe
experiment, and with the reduction on news-
papers, as I propose, would leave the Department
still able, without any injurious curtailment of its
* facilities, to rely on its own revenues, without
calling on the general Treasury for aid to sus-
tain it. This, I think, should be steadily kept in
view. The reduction on letter postage to a uni-
form rate of five cents, is a vast diminution in
favor of that branch of matter when compared
with the old sytem of from six cents to twenty-
five cents, and sltould be for the present satisfac-
tory, and I believe will be.
You will recollect, Mr. Chairman, in 1845—and
I believe you were a member of that Congress—^
.when the reform of five and ten cents letter postage
was established,newspapers were authorized to be
circulated free of postage within thirty miles of the
place of publication. In 1847 this provision was
repealed, and the old rates on newspapers con-
tinued. The reason of this repeal, I well remem-
ber, originated more in the circumstance of the
greatly-reduced compensation to postmasters than
on aceount of revenue. General complaints were
made by these officers, and when they were pro-
vided for in the law of 1847 the system oLfree cir-
culation was abolished. I thought tliOT, and I
think now, that this was a great emtr. The re-
sult of experience has demonstrated this, in my
judgment. ThePostmasterGeneral's report shows,
that the surplus revenue of the Department for the
year ending June, 1850, the excess of revenue
above expenditures is $340,018 05. Sir, the cir-
culation of newspapers within thirty miles of their
place of publication, I am satisfied, did not make
up-that a-.ncunt of revenue. The consequence of
which is, if I am correct, that the increased com-
pensation of postmasters -might have been ar- |
ranged as it was in 1847, and the newspaper post- !
age continued as fixed by the act of 1845, to wit:
free within thirty miles, and still the Department
remain clear of debt. This is all that anybody
should desire. It will be remembered, too, that .
this surplus in 1850 is not consequent on the cur-
tailment of majj facilities, for they have been
greatly extended, both in the number of new of-
fices created and routes extended.
But, sir, if we reduce the letter postage to three
cents uniform rate, one of two things will certainly
follow, if not both: unproductive offices will have
to be discontinued, and increased facilities denied,
and the free circulation of newspapers be prevented
altogether. The time will come, and very soon, I
think, when this reduction may take place; but I
do not believe it can now without the consequences
1 have adverted to. My proposition, I think, may
be adopted without the production of either of
these results. I see that the sum derived .from
newspaper and pamphlet postage is #919,485 94.
From a half to two thirds would still remain
derivable from postages on newspapers still charge-
able with postage, circulating through the mails,
printed out of the county and State in which
they are taken. I have no means of making more
than an approximate estimate of the loss of rev-
enue that would ensue in the circulation free, in the
counties where printed, but I do not think it would
exceed $150,000 or $200,000 per annum. If this
should be so, it will be seen that the excess of rev-
enue of the last year, taken as a standard fiver ex-
penditures, will, with this reduction, leave the De-
portment still free of debt.
Mr. Chairman, if any specific legislation may
be had on that clause or the Constitution that au-
thorized Congress to legislate for the " general wel- !
fare," I think this is that case. Sir, the newspa-1
pers of our country are its schoolmasters, and the 1
' printing offices her great school-houses. The tran-
sient literature of the periodical press is vastly
more important than the permanent, or—if I may
use the expression—established literature of the
country. To encourage these is to disseminate
knowledge and increase power. The only thing
in the world, excepting the dews of heaven, its
light and heat, tlmt suits the tastes of all, is the
promiscuous newspaper. It is a welcome letter,
bearing intelligence from every quarter—from all
parts of the world—from the land of the stranger
or the distant location of the friend and acquaint-
ance, to gratify and cheer the family circle of every
house, cottage, or cabin in the land. Is not this
worth the fostering care of Government? It is
not for me to eulogize the value of the printing
press; all know it, and feel it. It is the great con-
servator of public opinion and public morals, as
well as the teacher of the arts and sciences; and
no one will doubt but that it would be im-
mensely increased in usefulness if the tax on the
prints it disseminates were less burdensome than
at present. My object is to arrive at that result.
It need not be disguised—indeed, cannot be—that
something of the kind is necessary to protect the
country press. I would not be willing, in any case,
to avow myself in favor of "protection for pro-
tection" merely, but I would go pretty far in
favor of the country press.
The able gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Venable] gave us yesterday his views in regard
to the destructive effect that the present system
would, if continued, have on the country press. I
did not entirely agree with him in regard to the
character of the city press. Most of them are
entitled to the admiration and commendation of
all; but it is very certain that, if the newspaper
reader must pay as much postage when his paper
is sent to him but a few miles within the county
in which it is printed, as when sent from any
place in the whole country, he will prefer taking
one larger in size, where the facilities for printing
it makes its price no greater, from some of the
great commercial or metropolitan cities. Thus,
in time, the tastes, ideas, and sentiments of all
will be established by a press, in fact, foreign to
the pursuits and occupations of the masses in the
country. This ought not to be. The wealthy,
or independent, will still continue to take city pe-
riodicals. The propodMon I make reduces their
■ postage one half within the State, while the coun-
try press will go into the hands of thousands who
do not take a paper now. It is paid for at present,
and more extensively will be in the future, by the
products of the farm, if relieved of the sum per
year necessary to be paid in cash for postage.
But the exemption, if made,does not rest upon
gratuity merely. No, far from it. The roads on
which the malls are transported with such rap-
idity on the eastern seaboard over millions of miles,
are all made by the people. The Post Office De-
partment is not charged with their construction,
or with any portiot} of what it costs to keep them
in good order. This most proper exemption would
be but a slight recompense for the protection and
facilities afforded to the mails.
For a quarter of century no reform has taken
place in the newspaper postage.
A Voice. It has been raised.
Mr. T. A gentleman remarks that it has been
raised. I do not know how this is; but I know
it has not t>een reduced, and it is time something'
should be done. During this period, as I have'
shown, the tax on letters has been greatly miti-
gated.
It is proposed by some to extend this free cir-
culation to the extent of the State, and by others,
throughout Congressional districts. Now let me
say, by aiming at too much we may get nothing
satisfactory. The argument against extending it
to the counties is the burden it occasions to the
mails and loss of revenue. This argument will
have increased force by the increase of the privi-
lege. I would rejoice if it could be so; but at
present I think it would be impolitic to attempt
too much, lest, like the experiment of 1845, it may
have to be abandoned. It will be easy in the fu-
ture to reduce postage rates, if practicable; and
this will be much better than to be obliged to retro-
grade, and raise them.
The honorable member from New York [Mr.
Sackett] submitted a proposition to reduce the
postage on newspapers in the county to. two
mills per paper. I nm very free to say,'that should
! my proposition sot succeed, I will cheerfully vote
to fix some annual amount to be paid by subscri-
bers for papers, within the county, say from ten
to fifteen cents per annum. But the proposition
of the gentleman would amount to ten cents and*
four nulls per year for weekly newspapers. The
four mills would generally, of course, be lost, as
we have no denomination of coin to pay it. But
ihe imposition of even ten cents per annum would
be no advantage, in my judgment, as it would-be
consumed to a great extent, if not entirely, in the
vast number of accounts to be kept in the col-
lection of it. The friends, then, of free newspa-
per circulation, can, in my opinion, only accom-
plish their object by the reduction of the letter
postage to a uniform standard of five cents. I
would rejoice to see it reduced still more if it
would not have the effect to prevent newspapers
from circulation.
The following is my amendment, which I will
offer at the proper time:
'• Strike out all after the enactir^ clause, to and including
the word " cent" in the seventh line, and insert as follows:
• That newspapers of no greater size than nineteen hundred
square inches, may be transmitted through the mails in the
county wheie printed, free of postage. Such newa-
papers when sent out of tile county but within the State,
one half cent; and for such newspapers when transmitted
out of the State, one cent; and transient newspapers, two
cents each; and on such newspaper or newspapers dropped
in any post office, to be delivered only there, shall be chained
one cent.'"
Mr. MORSE. I have listened with some at-
tention to the different arguments that have been
offered in fav>r of this reduction of postage, and I
must confess that not a single argument which
has thus far been advanced, has induced me to
alter my opinions; for I have no particular feeling
upon this subject except the general good ana
welfare of the people of this country. I have not
heard a single argument in favor of the reduction
of postage, among the many that have been urged,
that has not produced the contrary conviction upon
my mind. I have listened with great attention to
. the debate on this bill thus far, and have found
that almost every gentleman who has risen in
favor of a reduction of the rate of postage has
demonstrated, to his own satisfaction at least, and
has endeavored to demonstate to the satisfaction
of others, that the great reduction of postage con-
templated would have an effect to enlarge the
revenue, as a reduction of the tariff would have
[■ similar effect upon its receipts. Now, sir, if a
I that be true—and gentlemen have urged it—I will
' test the sincerity of those who hold these opin-
ions, or who pretend to do so, and move, at the
pioper time, to strike out the particular clauses
in all their amendments, and substitute the original
bill. That bill favors a reduction of the postage*
I and proposes to take $1,500,000 out of the TreaB-
i! ury to supply the deficiency that might arise.
Now, I presume the House is anxious to have
tlfe facts properly before them. I hmte heard it
stated by gentlemen, who, I presume, did,not in-
tend to misrepresent, that the last reduction of
postage has had a tendency to increase the reve-
nues, and that the Department has now become a.
money-making establishment. Sir, it is not so.
You can make the Post Office Department pro-
, duce ten thousand or a million of dollars, if you
' credit all the receipts of the Post Office Depart-
, ment, and place ihe expenses to some other De-
partment, as has been (lone.
Now, sir, we have lately established a line of
mail steamers between the city of New York and
Chagres, for the purpose of carrying a bi-monthly
mail on the Pacific, and from Panama to San Fran-
cisco. Now, I should suppose that the expenses
of this mail would be a fair and legitimate charge
against the Post Office Department, as a transport-
ation expense. Now, sir, this is charged to the
marine service, and yet all the receipts of this line
of steamers are credited to the Post Office Depart-
ment.
Mr. YEN ABLE.- Will the gentleman allow
me to ask a question ?
. Mr. MORSE. Certainly.
Mr. VENABLE. I would ask the gentleman
whether, when these mail steamers were proposed,
' he did riot vote for them, and whether he was not
i aware that they were vessels in the naval service
of the United States, which could at any time be
, pressed for the armed defence of the country; and
11 in such a case whether the expenses incurred by
I them was not fairly chargeable to the marine ser-
vice ?
