1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
89
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment will not!
now be in order.
Mr. BISSELL. I ask that it may be read.
The Clerk read the amendment; it is as follows:
Piwilri. That no post office or mail route shall be abol-
ished or discontinued, in consequence of any diminution
of receipts resulting from the operation of this act.
Mr. BISSELL. I simply wish to say, Mr.
Chairman, that if that amendment be adopted, I
am in favor of the extremest proposition yet made
to reduce the rate of postage.
Mr. ASHMUN, (interposing.) I beg leave to
say to the gentleman from Illinois, and to other
gentlemen, who, like him, are very apprehensive
of a curtailment of the mail service in consequence
of a diminution of postage, that I have no fears
of the kind. I have given great attention to the
subject, and I am satisfied in my own mind, that
there will be no necessity for any curtailment, and
that in three or four years there will be as large an
amount of gross receipts as there is now. I sin-
cerely entertain the opinion that there should be
no curtailment of postal facilities, and I would pro-
pose nothing that should cause any such curtail-
ment, or threaten it. On the contrary, I desire that
postal fociliites should be enlarged, and extended
everywhere, to the greatest possible extent; and,
with the consent of the gentleman from Illinois, 1«
will accept his amendmentto the amendment which
I have offered. - '
Mr. BISSELL. My object then being accom-
plished, I have not a word more to say.
Mr. ASHMUN. I accept, then, the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois, as an amend-
ment to tlie amendment which I have offered to
the first section of the bill.
Mr. CALDWELL, of Kentucky. I hold in
my hand an amendment intended to accomplish
thesaire object a3 that of the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Bissell,] but which I think is rather
more explicit. I ask that it may Be read.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Provided, That no post officc now in existence shall be
discontinued, nor shall the mail service on any mail route
in any of the States or Territories be discontinued or di-
minished in consequence of any diminution of the revenues
that may result from this act: .7nd provided, further, That
it shall be the duty of the Postmacter General to establish
new post offices and place the mail service on new mail
mutes established or that may hereafter be established in
the same manner as though this act had not been parsed:
.InJ prorited, further, That the compensation of no pott-
master shall be diminished in consequence of the passage
of this act.'
Mr. ASHMUN. I beg leave to state to the
gentleman from Kentucky, that the last provision
in that amendment is prov ided for in the bill which
I have proposed. Its first two provisions are pre-
cisely identical with those proposed by the gentle-
man from Illinois, and I am content to accept
whichever of them will be most satisfactory to
gentlemen who are opposed to the reduction.
They are both, in spirit, what I desire. I desire
that there shall be no curtailment of present facili-
ties, and no prevention of future extension by this
reduction; but neither of those consequences ought
to follow or will follow from it.
Mr. CALDWELL. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts will perceive that the second proviso I
propose is not embraced in the amendment of the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Bissell,] and I
would, therefore, prefer that it should be adopted.
Mr. ASHMUN modified his amendment so as
to read as follows:
Be it enotted, , That from and after the first day of
July next, the postage on all letters shall be as follows: All
tetters not exceeding half an ounce in weight, conveyed
any distance within the United States, shall he charged
with two cents postage, and a like sum for every additional
half ounce, or fractional part thereof, the postage being
prepaid in all cases; and all drop letters, or letters to be de-
livered at the office where deposited, shall be charged with
one cent postage, to be prepaid: Provided, That no post
office or nittil route shall be abolished or discontinued in
consequence of any diminution of receipts resulting from
the operation of this law: Jlnd provided, further, That it
shall be the duty of the Postmaster General to establish new
post offices, and place the mail service on new mail routes
established, or that may hereafter be established in the
same manner as though this act had not been passed.
Mr. ASHMUN called for the reading of the
fifth section of the substitute for the bill, of which
he had given notice, and it was read, as follows:
Sec. 5. .Ir.d be it further enacted, That u by featou of
this act, the compensation of any deputy postmaster shall
be reduced below the present rate, the Postmaster General
is hereby authorized, at his discretion, to increase such
compensation as far as justice may require, having regard
for the amount Of labor, and the character of the service
performed: Provided, That the whole amount of compen-
sation in any vear shall not exceed the amount allowed in
the same office in the fiscal year ending the first day of
July, 1850; and whenever a new post office shall be es-
tablished, the Postmaster General may fix the amount of
annual compensation of the deputy postmaster, at a rate
not larger than is allowed to existing offices requiring the
same amount of service.
Mr. CALDWELL. That is not precisely
identical with mine, for it leaves it to the discre-
tion of the Postmaster General, but still there is
no great difference.
Mr. POTTER, (interposing.) I will accept
vour amendment.
Mr. CALDWELL. I am informed by the
honorable chairman of the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, that he will accept my,
amendment entire. i
Mr. POTTER. I am willing to accept the
amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky, as i
an amendment to the amendment which I intend
to offer mvself.
Mr. MEADE. Is the amendment just read at
the desk, the one now pending?
The CHAIRMAN. Thi amendment now :
pending is that proposed by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr Carttir,] to the first section of the
original bill.
Mr. ASHMUN. I understand the pending
question to be, first upon the amendment offered
by myself, to strike out the first section of the
bill.
The CHAIRMAN. That is not now the ques-
tion in order. The gentleman from Ohio, on the
right of the Chair, [Mr. Cartter,] moved an
amendment to the first section of the bill, and the
pending question is on that amendment.
Mr. ^ASHMUN. Will the Chair have" that
amendment stated ?
The Clerk read the amendment offered yester-
day by Mr. Cartter. It is as follows:
To strikeout theword "three," in the first sec-
tion of the orieiiiaf bill, and insert the word " five"
in lieu thereof, so that it will read, "upon each
letter not weighing over one half ounce, when post-
age is paid where suchletter is mailed,five cents,"
&c. Also, in the eighteenth line, second section
i of the bill, after the word "ounce," to insert the ,
following proviso:
Provided. That no postage shall be charged upon any
newspaper mailed and delivered witliin the county where ;
published.
i Mr. MEADE. I wish at the appropriate time
I; to offer the following amendment, to come in at
I the end of the amendment of the gentleman from
' Massachusetts, [Mr. Ashml-k.1
" And it shall be the duty of the Postmaster General to
establish a po=t office on any established route, at any
! place desired by tiie inhabitants of the neighborhood: Pro-
vided, There be no post officc within five miles of the pro-
posed one."
It is very evident (continued Mr. M.) that if the
reduction of postage operates injuriously to any
portion of the community, it will so operate
against those of our citizens who inhabit regions
of country that are very sparsely populated. Let-
ter-writers and those who receive letters in the
cities, will be greatly benefited by the reduction of
postage. The amount they pay out for mail, ser-
vice is very great in the course of the year; but
those who live in the interior and around what
are called country post offices, feel very little in-
terest in this subject, except as citizens of the na-
tion. The few letters that are received by the
farmers and planters of the country _ constitute
: scarcely an item to be considered in their accounts
current of'expenses: and they had as lief pay five
| cents for receiving from a short distance, and ten
cents from a greater distance, as not, for their
amount of postage certainly would not exceed
more than one or two dollars in the course of a
year. Then, sir, they are only interested in this
question so far as it shall operate upon the exten-
sion or reduction of the mail facilities.
Well now, sir, I am willing, for one, to go as
low as anybody in reducing the prices paid by the
people for mail facilities, provided it does not cur-
tail the annual income of the Post Office Depart-
ment; for if it has that effect, it will not operate
to the diminution of mail facilities between the
large cities and the densely populated districts, but
if it operates ft all in curtailing these facilities or
preventing their extension, it will so operate in
the sparsely settled regions of country, and it is
the people in such regions whose interests are
most to be regarded in legislating on this subject.
For, sir, they are the people who suffer most for
the want of mail facilities; they are the people
who require the light which the Post Office De-
? ailment is intended to shed over the country,
f there be any dark corners in the Republic, they
are those corners where the post-boy is seldom
seen; and hence I call upon those gentlemen who
represent country districts on this floor to hare
an eye to this question. Every cent which th$
revenue of the Post Office is reduced goes to the
exclusion and curtailment of the facilities of our
country constituents, and the more the revenue*
of that Department are increased, the more ex-
panded will be the post routes, and the more nu-
merous the post offices. *
I say, therefore, that the reduction would oper-
ate immediately for the benefit of the inhabitants
of the densely populated towns and the country
around them, who are not to be injured by the
curtailment or diminution of mail facilities, what-
ever may be the price of letters and newspapers;
but if you reduce those prices to the extent which
the citizens of towns desire thatyou should, it will
operate to the diminution of the Post Office receipts,
and hence, of those facilities which are being ex-
tended every year to the country people, and to
those who are most in need of information, and
have fewer facilities for obtaining it. It is those
who live in the interior, who willbeinjured by the
diminution.
And here let me say, that I am in favor of all
practicable reductions of postage. I am willing to
go for any reduction of postage which will inti-
mately—I do not require it to be the immediate
result—but which will ultimately result in the in-
crease of the revenues of the Department; but I
will not go for any reduction which I believe will
render the receipts of the Post Office Department
either stationary or less than they are. If they are
less, of'course we cannot expect any increase of
Piil facilities thoughout the country at large, es-
cially in those immense tracts of country that
are now settled only here and there by a settler.
If the effect be to render the receipts of the Post
Office Department stationary, though they may
not be diminished, yet, sir, we have arrived even
in that case at the ultima thule of post office facili-
! ties and improvements, unless it is intended to
' throw the expense of all future improvements upon
the general Treasury of the United States.
Now, sir, I know full well that those who are
I settlers upon the frontier of our widely-extended
j domain cannot expect to enjoy all those advan-
tages which those who live in a densely-populated
country may expect, and that they must bide
| their time for the increase of population around
them in order to justify such expectations, and to
enjoy the advantages of improved society. Yet
we should do all in our power to render their con-
dition as contented and nappy as we can.
For one, I am opposed to these excessive re-
. ductions. I am willing to take off five cents from
the ten cent letters, because I verily believe that
it would increase and multiply the number of let-
ters to a distance to such an extent as to make up
the difference of a small reduction, and at the same
: time I believe that the transportation of letters to
!' great distances would cost no more, in point of
| fact, than small distances.
1 I am willing, then, to vote for five cents as the
uniform postage throughout the United States, but
I am not willing to relieve the people of the cities
' and densely-populated portions of the country of
«' the two or three cents of which it is proposed to
i' relieve tliem, as I know that it must result either
in curtailing the advantages and facilities of mails
to the sparsely-populated country, or in causing
those facilities which are now expanding every
year to be cut short, and remain stationary until,
by the lapse of time and the immense increase of
I population, that difference shall be made up by
the number of the people of the country, and the
increased number of letters.
Mr. CONGER said: Mr. Chairman, it seems to
be conceded, on all sides, that the reduction of post-
age is expedient; that it would be eminently ben-
eficial and ought to be made. The'only question
> upon which gentleman seem to be divided is as to
] the amount and extent of that reduction. And
| here, again, it is agreed that the reduction should
be carried as low as possible without throwing the
Post Office Department on the general Treasury
for support. At least so gentlemen argue; and
those who oppose a reduction below a uniform
rate nf five cents seem to take, equally with others,
