1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
91
proper time, to offer to this bill, differing a little, as 11
it does, from other amendments on the same sub- <
ject, already presented. 1 beg leave to send the
amendment in question to the Clerk's table, in
order that it may be read; and I give notice that, |!
at the proper time, I will offer it: |!
Provided, That within the county of their publication, 11
m the distance of thirty-five miles of the place of publica- ; ]
lion. all newspapers shall be received by actual subscribers j
free of postage. |
Now, Mr. Chairman, I believe most gentlemen
who have participated in this discussion have de-
clared themselves to be in favor of mere nominal
rates on all newspapers, so that they shall circu-
late through the mails at a very trifling cost, afford-
ing a slight compensation to postmasters, and im-
posing but a trifluig tax upon the subscriber. This
is just and proper. Intelligence conveyed through
this medium, so important to the business, the i
social, the moral, the religious, and the political
welfare and condition of the country, should be'
conveyed at the lowest possible rate; and there is
great propriety in keeping the rates much below
those charged on letters. But my judgment is, |
there ought to be a discrimination between the, J
press of the large cities, that send their papers
hundreds of miles, and the country press, the circuj^
lation of which is mainly limited to the county in
which the papers are respectively published; and
in my opinion, there cannot be a better discrimina-
tion, nor one every way so just, as that contained
in the amendment which I have sent to the Chair,
and which has just been read.
Every gentleman who has expressed his views
upon this subject has admitted that the country
press really labors under serious disadvantages by
coming into competition—into fearful competition
as it is—with the city press. These disadvan-
tages must continue so long as the postage on
newspapers is uniform—so long as a subscriber
is compelled to pay on a small sized country paper,
published in the county of his residence and not
more than one mile distant therefrom, the same
amount of postage that is charged on a city paper
of nineteen hundred square inches, published
three hundred miles from him; and I submit that
justice and fair treatment towards the country
press demand that these disadvantages and embar- 1
rassments should be removed. This uniformity j
of postage-on newspapers is a discrimination
agmial that press, whereas the discrimination
ought to be the other way. Nowhere are Country
papers sustained so well as they ought to be, or as
well as they would be, were it not for this unjust
discrimination, that acts as an inducement to sup-
port the city press at the expense, and many times
to the sacrifice of the country papers. The local
press have a right to demand the discrimination
provided in my amendment. They ask it not as a
favor; they ask justice—nothing more.
I know that certain gentlemen in this House
propose to impose a simple nominal rate of five or
ten cents per year on papers within the county of
their publication. But this does not, in my opin-
ion, come up to the mark. It falls short of justice
to the local press, because that rate, as low as it
is, is still too high in comparison with the rate
charged on city issues. If the city press is to
monopolize the newspaper business of the coun-
try, let it be without the aid of this Government.
I am in favor, therefore, of a proper discrimination
for the purpose of benefiting the country press,
and such discrimination, in my judgment, cannot
be found short of the provisions contained in my
amendment. I am both for allowing newspapers
to circulate'free of postage, to actual subscribers,
in the county in which they are published, and
within a distance of thirty-five or forty miles of the
place of publication; and I cannot be driven from
this by any cry that it will bankrupt the Treasury,
and cause postmasters to resign their offices:
There is another measure of postal reform, Mr.
Chairman, which I have several times, heretofore,
brought before this House, and which I intend
again, at the proper time, to present to the com-
mittee in the shape of an amendment which I pro-
pose to offer to this bill. It is, that the franking
privilege shall be altogether abolished. I am in
favor of abolishing the franking privilege because
I consider it the most objectionable—the most
odious feature that has been ingrafted upon our
postage system. So far as regards the benefit
which members on this floor have derived from
this system, I believe that every gentleman pres-
ent will bear me witness that it is a burden. At I
all events my judgment is that it should not be !!
continued. It is an odious monopoly, in bad j;
repute, much abused to be sure, but never bringing
adequate benefits for the tax it imposes upon the
general correspondence of the country.
But whether it is a benefit or a burden to those
who use it, is quite unimportant. The very fact
that it imposes upon the people of the country—
upon individuals who are interested in the reduc-
tion of the letter postage—the expense, the whole
expense, of the transmission of free matter, is a
strong reason for its abolition. If it is proper, in
the estimation of gentlemen, that anybody should 1
be relieved from the payment of postage, let the
Government pay the full price on the matter sent,
and not imposea tax upon the people of the coun-
try who are asking for a reduction upon the letter
postage. The repeal of the franking privilege, its
entire, unconditional abolition, I believe to be de-
manded. It is an offensive monopoly that has
outlived its day, but if gentlemen are apprehensive
that the Department cannot sustain itself under a
reduction of postage, and they shall see fit to make
Government pay for the free matter, let it be done,
under proper guards and restrictions.
Mr. CASEY. Do I understand that the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Cartter] to the bill reported from the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads, is now the
pending question ?
The CHAIR
RMAN. That is the pending ques-
tion.
Mr. CASEY. I would inquire, then, whether
it would be in order to offer an amendment to that
| amendment?
The CHAIRMAN* It will be in order to offer
an amendment to that amendment.
Mr. CASEY. Then I propose to offer the fol-
: lowing as an amendment to the amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cartter:]
Provided, That no postage shall be charged on newspa-
pers where the same shall be mailed and delivered to
actual subscribers, at any post offices within the Congres-
sional District, or within thirty miles of the place where
the same may be printed and published.
Mr. C. (in continuation) said: Mr. Chariman,
my object in offering this amendment is to meet
t some objections that have been made against the
jl free circulation of newspapers within the pounties
11 in which they are published.
| As far as regards most of the old States the
densely populated districts certainly, free circula-
ii ti 9n witnin the counties would perhaps meet all
; the local wants of the country; but in the sparsely
settled districts, even in the old States, you find
j | that in many of the Congressional districts there
I j is only a single paper, or at most but one of each
!! political party. Without reviewing the ground
upon which the free circulation of these papers
within certain distances is supported and sustained,
and without recapitulating the arguments which
have been adduced by the gentleman from New ■
York, [Mr. Conger,] and so ably and forcibly by
my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Taylor,] I will mere-
ly say, that so far as this proposition is concerned,
I shall vote for it if I can get nothing better; but
I am decidedly in favor of the free circulation
of newspapers within the Congressional district
where they are published. To make them merely
local is a restriction on them which I think will
operate to disadvantage.
As I said before, there is in many instances but
a single paper published in a Congressional dis-
trict, and in many cases there are five, six, or
seven counties—sometimes even more in the new
States—within a Congressional district. Now, it
is but right and proper that the people, although
scattered over a larger extent of territory in these
sparsely settled portions of the country, should
have the same advantages that are obtained where
only one county is comprised in a single Congres-
{ sional district. It benefits the same number of
' people, because the ratio of representation is the
same in all the districts.
And now in regard to the general features of
the bill reported by the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads, I have only to say, that taking
that bill alone, I agree with my friend from Mary-
' land, [Mr. Bowie,] that the rural districts are not
interested in its passage; and unless that bill is
amended I shall, as the Representative of a rural
and agricultural district, vote against it.
But, Mr. Chairman, I am in favor of a reduc-
tion of the postage on letters. That I consider
mainly .for the advantage of the commercial cities
and large towns, but the counterpart of it, in
which the rural districts of the country are
deeply interested, is the free circulation of news-
papers; and if the rural districts concede this re-
auction of letter postage, to the commercial and
thickly-settled parts of the country where there is
a large amount of postage paid on letters, and
where the correspondence is very extensive, it is
but right that they in their turn should concede to
the agricultural and rural portions of the country,
a benefit in return for it; and I would say to those
representing the country and rural districts, that
if they permit one part of this reform to be ac-
complished without getting the counterpart of it,
they will never get it. Our only way is to take
them both together. Equality is but justice, and
I have only to say that the bill, as it came from
the hands of the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, never can and it never shall receive
my vote. 1 cannot support the measure unless
there is a reform in regard to, and discrimination
in favor of, the circulation of newspapers. And,
sir, it gives the same advantage to the city presses
within their districts, that it does to the country
presses. It gives them precisely the same advan-
tages. But we do not want that they should over-
flood us with their city papers, to the breaking up
all of the newspaper establishments in the country
districts.
Now, sir, I have nothing to say in regard to
the character of the city press. I do not join in
the denunciation against them as sewers of filth
and corruption. So far as regards my own State,
I am a constant reader of the press of Philadel-
phia, and I must say that it is as pure, as high-
toned, as correct in its morals as any other press
I know of in the country or elsewhere. And, as
a general thing, I may say the same, so far as I
am acquainted with it, of the press of the neigh-
Mbring cities on the Atlantic. That is not the rea-
son why I am opposed to this measure, unless a
postage refot m in regard to newspapers is intro-
duced into it, but it is for the reasons which have
been so ably urged by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Taylor,] that the greater facilities, the
| greater congregated wealth, and the greater pa-
I tronage in the large cities enables the newspaper
proprietors there to throw out their daily papers
by the thousands, and then, reserving the reading
matter contained in their dailies, they throw out
weeklies at a merely nominal price, and send them
hundreds of miles into the country, at the same
postage as our local papers pay to circulate with-
in their counties.
Now, I would discriminate between them, and
the Philadelphia papers will have the same ad-
vantage' in their county as the country paper
would have published at my door in Union coun-
ty. There would be no difference between them;
they would have exactly the same advantages.
Give us this advantage, and we will concede to
the commercial men the reduction which they ask
| on letter postage.
I do not say that my constituents, and the rural
population of the country, are not, to some ex-
tent, interested in the reduction of letter postage,
and in obtaining increased facilities for social and
friendly correspondence; but that is a matter of
but little moment compared to the importance of
!| having supported, at our ffoors, an able and effi-
cient country press, that shall represent our local
i, interests, and that we shall not have to travel to
] Philadelphia or Baltimore, or wherever else it may
be, where a large'weekly paper circulates at a mere
nominal price, in order to have an ordinary ad-
vertisement inserted when we want any project
carried out in our own neighborhood. We are
willing that they shall have a large circulation and
all the advantages that we have, but we want a
reduction of the postage on country newspapers
in order that they may be sustained in their
neighborhoods, and not be broken down by large
establishments which know nothing of our local
interests, and give us no local information but
which are now, under the present system, ex-
I eluding our country papers and breaking up many
| of our newspaper establishments which linger and
die for want of support.
! Mr. Chairman, I have said all I desire to say.
I My object is merely to say that I cannot vote for
this bill—and I regret it—unless you carry out the
' system so as to benefit my constituents; and I
>] think that every man representing a rural and
