9*
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 19,
agricultural district, ought to take that course; for '
if you omit to get the reform your constituents
require now, my word for it you never will get it.
Mr. THURSTON said: Mr. Chairman, before
this bill is reported to the House, and the five min-
utes rule in operation, I desire to call the attention
of the committee to a provision contained in the
substitute to the bill, which was proposed by the
le-irned and able chairman of the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, [Mr. Potter.] That
substitute, I perceive, is partially based on the
recommendation of the Postmaster General in his
annual report, and it is in these words:
•' Sec. 6. There >liall be charged upon all letters trans-
ported in the mail* from any of the Atlantic ports in the
ITnited States to any of the ports in the United States upon
tbe Pacific, or from any of the ports ia the United States
ttpoo the Pacific to any of the Atlantic ports in the United
States, four times the u<ual rates; and upon all news-
papers, pamphlet", periodicals, magazines, booka, or other
printed matter herein provided for, three times the usual
rate*."
When I heard the substitute of the gentleman
read, and listened to this provision, which dooms
ua on the Pacific, for no other reason than because
we are pioneers, and are to the coming millions of
the Pacific what John the Baptist was to the Sa-
viour of the world, I must confess it fell on my ear
like a warning voice, admonishing against the
danger there is of legislation against one section of
the country and in favor of another. It is propos-
ing the opening of a policy which only needs age
to overthrow the country, and which will be as a
hot-bed to engender civil wars and sectional strifes.
It is the whetting of a knife which, at some future
day, if not abandoned at once, will cut asunder the
cords of life and sympathy which now bind the
nation of Washington together, and make us, a?
■we are, one common and happy people. Come
from where the policy may—from the Postmaster
General or anv other source—I, here in my place,
speaking for that portion of the Pacific which*
represent, enter my solemn protest against it, and
invoke the aid of every member of this House,
when the matter shall come up for decision in the
House, to strike it down, before the monster be-
comes strong by age, and stalks abroad at noon-
day, devouring at pleasure the rights of the
weaker portions of the common Confederacy.
The principle which the Postmaster General
recommends, and which this section of the sub-
stitute proposes, is wholly wrong, and at war with
the genius of our institutions. The Postmaster
General, in his report, says:
" I recommend that the inland letter pottage be reduced !
to three cents the single letter when prepaid, and be fixed j
at the uniform rate of live cents when art prepaid; and, !
also, that the PostmasterGeneral be required to reduce this
prepaid rate to two cents the single letter whenever it shall
be ascertained that the revenu"? of the Department, after
the reduction? now recommended, sliall have exceeded its
expenditures by more than five per cent, for two consecu-
tive fiscal years. I also recommend that the postal to
California and Oregon be greatly reduced, and that the
postage charted on other sea going letters be made more
simple and uniform. With the numerous rates now
charged—some with and some without the addition of the
inland rates—confusion and mistake are frequent and un-
avoidable. I therefore recommend that twenty cents the
single letter be chareed on all correspondence to and from
the Pacific coast. South America, the Eastern Continent
and its islands, and points beyond either; and ten cents the
single letter on all other sea going letters, without the
superaddition of inland postage in any case—excepting,
however, all cases where <rach sea postages have been, or
shall be adjusted at different rates by postal treaty already
concluded or hereafter to be made; and power should be
•nven to the Postmaster t.'enernl, by and with the advice
and consent of the President of the United States, to re-
duce or enlarge the se'a rate*. with the view of making
better postal arrangements with other Governments, or
counteracting any adverse measures affecting our postal
intercourse with other countries. •
« I also recommend that the provision which imposes an
additional half-cent po-tage upon newspapers sent more
than one hundred miles, and out of the State where they
are mailed, be repealed, so as to leave the uniform inland
postage on new-paper-.-."nt to subscribers from the office
or publication at one cent each.
"The postage upon pamphlets, periodicals, and other
printed matter, (except new«papers,) may be simplified
and somewhat reduced with advantage to the Department.
Two cent? for the pamphlet or periodical of the weight of
two ounces or less, and one cent for every additional ounce
or fraction of ari ounce, is recommended as the inland rate
spoil all pamphlet". periodicals, and other printed matter,
instead of the present rate of two and a half ccnts for the
first ounce, and one cent for every additional ounce or
fractional part of an ounce. For the sea-going charire on ;
such matter, and on news| apers, twice the inland rate to '
and from tiie points to which it is proposed that the lotter
postage shall be ten cents, and four tirnea the inland rate I
where the letter rate h twenty cents, ii deemed a jiif.t and
proper rate. This would, in some case*, increase the post- i
age on printed matter sent to the Pacific coast, and by our I
uther «ea iiiies, u her'1 the postage is not already fixed hv 1
j postal arrangement; hutthe postageto California, as above
i proposed, would hardly equal the price now charged by
private expresses for the conveyance of the same weight,
in packages of less than one hundred pounds, to San Fran-
cisco.-'
The chairman of the committee, in his substitute,
proposes three cents posuige on all letters of half tin
ounce and under it, if carried on arouteinland, add-
ing three eenta for every additional ounce or frac-
tion of an ounce. Upon newspapers, periodicals,
pamphlets, books, magazines, &c., of no greater
weight than two ounces, one cent. Should this part
of his substitute be adopted, with the section to
which I invite attention, our postage on the Pa-
cific on all letters of a half ounce and under would
be twelve cents, and on newspapers, &c., of the
weight specified, three cents. Just as- I should
have supposed, knowing the naturally-enlarged
views of the honorablechairman, [Mr. Potter,] as
I do, and his natural inclination to favor the peo-
ple of new countries, he broke away from the
Postmaster General's recommendation as being
too hard on the pioneers of the Pacific. But
should the proposed rates, inland, be raised to Jive
cents, and the uxili section of the substitute pre-
vail, that would raise our postage on letters to
the Postmaster General's recommendation, leaving
our postage on printed matter still below his
recommendation. But the proposition of the sub-
stitute, and the recommendation of the Postmaster
General are both wrong, are alike in nature, but
differ in degree only. I will, therefore, invite
your attention for a moment to the project of tiie
Postmaster General.
The inland postage i3 recommended to be three
or five cents, according as it may or may not be
prepaid. Now, sir, there#s a continuous mail
route from Houlton, in the State of Maine, to
Santa Fe, in New Mexico, or Salt Lake City, in
Utah, and from the most southern town in Texas
to the northernmost town in Minnesota. The Post-
master General recommends that letters be carried
ov<r these immense lines for three cents, but that
we, who live but seven or eight hundred miles be-
yond Salt Lake City, must be doomed to pay
twenty cents, or six amI a third times as much as
our brethren just this side of us; and should the
settlements extend from the Salt Lake City west-
ward, or from Oregon City eastward, as they are
sure to do, why, he proposes to carry mails inland,
, from Maine or Texas, to the Dalles of the Colum-
bia river, about one hundred and fifty or two
! hundred miles from the ocean, or to Sacramento
, City, in California, for three cents; but if they go
I round by sea, to parts only one hundred and fifty
I miles beyond, they must be taxed six and a third
times as much.
But, sir, it really appears as though the Postmas-
ter General thinks that we in California and Oregon
are no more than outside barbarians; and how does
it appear ? Why, sir, he proposes to charge us
. who live in California and Oregon, and who are
American citizens, just as much as he proposes to
charge the Sandwich Islander, the Russian, the
Englishman north, or the Mexican, New Grana-
dian, Peruvian, or Chilian south; just as much,
sir, as he does the Australian, Japanese, or the
people of the Celestial Empire, and even points
" beyond either " of these!
If you are going to charge in proportion to dis-
tance, why ao you not graduate accordingly?
The fact that this is not recommended, but that
the Chinaman is to be put on an equal footing
with us, though twice the distance off, leaves no
| other inference than that we are considered no
more than outside barbarians. The Pacific, and all
" beyond," are thrown into one common budget,
and your blood and your kindred shaken up to-
gether with the masses of the Old World and the
islands of the sea. These are called " sea-going
letters," because they are carried by water. But
if you are to make a distinction between land-go-
ing and " sea-going " letters, why not make it
uniform? Why not have a uniformity of "sea-
going " letter postage as well as a uniformity on
land-going letters ? If there is to be uniformity on
all land-going letters, without distinction of route,
t or expense of transportation, or income, or profit,
i why not adopt the same policy on all sea-going
: letters? Why cry uniformity and discrimination
i at the same breath ? The truth is, sir, that your uni-
i formity is a misnomer—it means discrimination,
j Here again we see the odious distinction falling
| like a pall over the blighted pride and prosperity of
; the Pacific, and feel the bonv hand of discrimina-
tion as it sorts us out from our brethren, and com- •
paratively puts the mark of Cain upon us. This
Postmaster General Is not willing that we who axe
American citizens on that side the continent, should
have the same fare as those foreigners on this side,
who fill up the whole area of Europe. I assure
you, sir, my people have formed too high an es-
timation of the magnanimity of this House to
believe, or even fear, that you will suffer such a
mantle of disgrace to fall upon them. And could
they whisper in the ear of the Postmaster General,
they would pull the chords of his American bosom
so earnestly and so feelingly, that he would in-
voluntarily exclaim, "These are of our family, let
us share the blessing of our parent alike." I tell
you now, sir, that we on that coast claim to be
American citizens; to be an integral portion of this
Confederacy; to be bone of your bone, and flesh
of your flesh; and we expect to be treated accord-
ingly. We have no idea of being even forced out
of the Republic; and if you pass laws that are un-
just upon us, so long as they remain unrepealed,
and meet the approbation of Congress, we will
obey them, and aid with our blood and treasure
to enforce them; but we will exercise that magic
boon of our Government—we will come before
*-ou, and continually address your manhood,
your generosity, your magnanimity, until those
laws are made right, and bear upon our necks
as they bear upon yours. I warn you, sir,
1 against adopting this policy. If you don't want
to create more sections—if you don't want to sow
the whirlwinds of sectionalism, which will be
reaped in civil wars—if you don't want to hear
the Eastern section and Western section, the At-
lantic and Pacific, talked of with the same bitter-
ness that you have the North and the South—if
you want to bind up this glorious country of ours
in one harmonious whole, where we can worship
, one common God, be governed by laws uniform
in their operation,and point to one "Star-spangled
Banner" as the watch-word of us all, and where
we can greet each other as brothers of one common
family, each with affection for the other—then, sir, I
entreat you, by all that is dear, to lend your coun-
tenance to no project, and favor no plan which
will make us a province on that coast, or shall
draw a line telling where the Atlantic portion of
our country ends, and the Pacific begins. If we
live in one common country, let us have uniform
laws; and when you say uniformity here, let there
i be uniformity everywhere.
But, sir, it is conceded on aU sides, that there is
1 to be a reduction of postage, and pretty generally
conceded that it shall be uniform inland, at least.
There are some who think partially with the Post-
master General, that we who receive our letters
by way of the Isthmus, and by the two steam
lines terminating on either side of it, must pay a
higher tariff than though we received our letters
overland. If this is the doctrine, we will ask you
to abolish your lines and open up that magnificent
; highway across the Continent, which is the only
work fitly representing the colossal greatness of
i this Government. Butit is said by such members,
i that because our Government pays four or five
' hundred thousand dollars for those two lines of
steamers, by which our mails are conveyed, we
should pay a higher postage in proportion. In the
first place, this argument is directly opposed to the
reasons for the reduction of postage, viz: that the
proposed minimum tariff will produce the maxi-
mum revenue. If ten cents, or even five cents post-
age prevents correspondence in the States, inland,
' and thereby diminishes the amount of revenue, or
if a tariff of five cents will produce more here than
ten, why is it not true, that twenty cents ta-
riff will prevent a correspondence to and from the
Pacific, and that ten cents tariff would produce
more than twenty, and five than ten ? I am at a
loss to see why what is ileshto you on this side,
should be fish to us on that.
But some gentlemen seem to reason as though
these two lines—that from New York to Chagres,
and that from Panama to Oregon—were created
specially for our benefit, and that no other por-
tion of the United States, save Oregon and Cali-
' fornia, was benefitted by them. To such an
idea I certainly wish to except. That this is not
true is evident. Both lines were contemplated
and provided for before we acquired California,
: Nsw Mexico, or Utah, and while our only poB-
1 sessions on the coast were Oregon. H*d we not
'• owned Oregon, T am willing to admit the line from
