94
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 19,
tiee had been given", to grant to the States of Ar-
kansas and Missouri the right of way for, and a
portion of the public lands, to aid in the construc-
tion of a railitwd from St. Louis, in Missouri,
via Little Rot-k, to some point on the Red river,
near the town of Fulton, in the State of Arkan-
sas, and for a branch of said road in Arkansas to
the .M'ssissinoi; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
HOMESTEADS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, asked the unan-
imous consent of the House to introduce a bill, of
which previous notice had been given, " to en-
courage agriculture, commerce, manufacturing,
and all the branches of industry, by granting to
every man who is the head of a family and a cit-
izen of the United States, a homestead of one
hundred and sixty acres of land out of the public
domain, upon condition of occupancy and cultiva-
tion of the same, f >r the period herein specified."
Mr. HOUSTON objected.
Mr. JOHNSON said he merely wished to have
the bill received and referred.
Mr. HOUSTON persisted in his objection.
Mr. ASHMUN moved that the House adjourn;
but waived the motion at the request of
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER, who, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House the following Executive
communications:
I  A communication from the Department of
War, in compliance with a resolution of the
House of the 10th instant, transmitting a report on
the Mute of march of General Patterson's divis-
ion, from Mattamoros to Victoria, and of the
troops of General Taylor's army from Victoria
to Tampico, made by Brevet G. W. Smith, of the
Engineers Corps, to said Department; which,
On motion by Mr. JONES, was ordered to lie
on the table ana be printed.
II. A letter from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, communicating the report of the Superin-
tendent of the Coast Survey, marking the prog-
ress of■ the work during the year ending Novem-
ber, 1850; which was ordered to lie on the table
and be printed.
The SPEAKER said that the question would
now be on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. McCLERNAND asked the gentleman from
Massachusetts to withdraw the motion to adjourn,
to enable him to introduce a bill of which previous
notice had been given.
Mr. ASHMUN refused; and the question be-
ing taken on the motion, it was agreed to; and
The House adjourned.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. DISNEY gave notice of a bill to provide for the
proper adjustment of the accounts between the United
Btat s and the new States, growing out of the stocks in
relation to the « le« of the public land;.
Mr. McCLERNAND gave ndtice of a bill to reorganize
the State Department and to improve the efficiency of that
Department.
PETITIONS, kc;
* The following petitions and memorials were presented
tinder the rule and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. PUTNAM: The petition of members of Genesee
Quarterly Meeting of Free Will Baptists, in the State of
New York, comprising eleven chiirChes of SOU members,
praying for a repeal of the fugitive slave law.
Bv Mr. ROSE : The memorial of Henry Dwight, W.
G. Verplanck, 8. L. Rose, William Young, and other citi*
zens of Geneva, New York, in favor of stipulated arbitra-
tion between nation--.
By Mr. TAYLOR: The petition of William V. Peck,
John Row, P. Kinney, J. C. Gilbert, and 73 others, citizens
Of the county of Scioto, in the State of Ohio, praying Con-
gress to grant to the Scioto and Hocking Valley Railroad
Company the un««ld public Iand-< in Scioto, Lawrence,
Jacksin,* Hocking, Fairfield, and Licking counties, to aid in
the ont-truction of that road ; and also praying that Ports-
mouth be made a port of delivery.
Also, th- petition of Anthony Walke and others, of Chil-
licothe, Ohio, praying compensation for locating military
bountv land warrants.
By 'Mr. KAUFMAN : The petition of citizens of San
Aqgu«tin and Tyler, for a post route from San Augustin to
Woodville. „ „ _ ,
By Mr." MORTON: The petition of George Taylor,
for indemnity for French spoliations.
Also, the petition of Samuel Hilton, praying for indem-
nity for two horses lout in- the war of 1812.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 19, 1850.
Mr. Skbaitiah, from Arkansas, appeared in his
■eat.
| MEMORIALS, &-C. 1
I Mr. BADGER presented the memorial of Cath-
arine Pearson, ana heirs and legal representatives
of the late Joseph Pearson, asking indemnity for
injuries done to a certain mill and certain water
privileges by the Commissioner of the Public
Buildings in supplying water under an act of Con-
gress; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. CLARKE presented the petition of Debo-
rah Johnson, of Coventry, in the county of Kent,
in the State of Rhode Island, in behalf of herself
and other heirs-at-law of Isaac Johnson, (who was
an officer in the war of the Revolution,) stating
that he was paid in bills of credit which became
greatly depreciated in value, and asking payment
of a bill of credit issued under a resolution of
Congress passed in September, 1778; which was
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Mr. JONES presented the memorial of John
Plumbe, asking the construction of a railroad from
the Valley of the Mississippi to the Pacific ocean,
and claiming for himself the credit of its paternity,
being more than seven years in advance of any
other individual in memorializing Congress for a
road to connect the Atlantic and pacific, which
had the special sanction of the late Senator Linn
and George W. Jones, a delegate from Iowa, and
resulted in an appropriation for the first public
survey ever made in reference to the route of this
contemplated road; which was referred to the
Committee on Roads and Canals.
SAFETY OF PASSENGERS.
Mr. PRATT presented the memorial of mer-
chants and other citizens ofjialtimore, asking that
the bill passed by the House of Representatives at
the last session of Congress, " to provide for the
better security of the lives of passengers on board
vessels propelled in whole or in part by steam,"
may not become a law unless freed from certain
objections. It sets forth the opinion that the sys-
tem of inspection has aot diminished the number
of explosions, and asserts that if the boilers which
have exploded had been submitted to the scrutiny
of the inspector the moment before the disaster,
they would have been pronounced worthy of all
confidence. That boilers explode under every va-
riety of circumstances, and instanced in illustration
I the case of a new boiler which had exploded, though
i it had stood all the actual tests, and was deemed
| unexceptionable, and the new boilers of theMedo-
i ra, which burst before the vessel left the wharf on
I a trial trip; and that other explosions are to this
day involved in so much mystery as to render ;
i all legislation on the subject in some degree blind :
i and unavailing; and the inference they draw is, I
that, as the proprietors are the chief sufferers by
their destruction, it would-be safer to leave all po-
lice details to be controlled by that desire for suc-
cess which leads to excellence; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
THE OHIO RIVER.
Mr. UNDERWOOD presented the memorial
of Charles Ellet, Jr., civil engineer, stating that he
has made extensive and minute measurements of
the drainage of the Ohio river, for the purpose of
ascertaining the practicability and cost of improv-
ing the navigation of the same, by supplying wa-
ter to the channel from reservoirs constructed on
its tributary streams, the results of which are sub-
mitted to Congress in a printed memoir of the sec-
ond volume of the Smithsonian Contributions to
Knowledge.
I ask that this memorial may be referred to a
select committee. This subject was before a se-
lect committee at the last session, and I therefore
presume that will be the most appropriate refer-
ence at the present session.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. That subject
was referred at the last session to a select com-
mittee The printed memorial to which this re-
fers was considered and reported upon, and an
appropriation was made for that object, of the
success of which we ought by this time to get a
report: I think, therefore, that the consideration
of this memorial should be delayed until we can
hear what has been done under the authority given
! at the last session. With this view I move to lay
this subject on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
' AMENDMENT OF THE RULES.
Ij Mr. HUNTER. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution reported by the Commit-
tee on Finance was yesterday adopted. I find,
upon examination, and upon consultation, that it
covers more than the Finance Committee designed.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to, and
the question again recurred on the adoption of the
resolution.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to amend the propo-
sition by inserting after the words "no amend-
ment," in the first line, the words " proposing an
additional appropriation," so as to make it read:
" No amendment proposing an additional appropriation
shall be received to any general appropriation bill unless it
be made to carry out the provisions of some existing law,
or some act or resolution previously passed by the Senate
during that session, or in pursuance of an estimate from the
head of some of the Departments; and no amendment shall
be received whose object is to provide for a private claim,
although the same may have been previously sanctioned
by the Senate."
Mr. GWIN. I would inquire if that amend-
ment of our rules will prevent an amendment be-
ing made to a bill that may have come to us from
the other House, and to which we may feel assured
the House would assent? If it will, I hope the Sen-
are will not agree to it. I have bfcen informed by
the Executive that there are necessary officers yet
unprovided for. In the State of California we re-
quire provision for Indian agents, without which
we shall sustain great inconvenience. I hope the
Senate will pause before, by an amendment of its
rules, it prevents necessary legislation.
Mr. HUNTER. I think the Senator from Cal-
ifornia will find that great convenience will result
from the adoption of this rule. It excludes noth-
ing sanctioned by law; nothing sanctioned by the
Senate, nothing estimated for by the heads of
Departments, and that is surely enough.
The amendment was adopted, and the proposed
amendment of the rule was adopted as amended.
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I ask to be
excused from serving on the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Why? I hope
some reason will be given.
Mr. BADGER. I would desire to know, and
I ask the honorable Senator—perhaps his answer
may influence the votes of some Senators—
whether he asks to be excused—I do not ask the
Senator to state his reasons—on grounds per-
sonal or peculiar to himself?
Mr. DOUGLAS- I do.
After taking a vote of less than a quorum, the
question was again taken, and the honorable Sen-
ator was excused.
On the motion of Mr. BADGER, it was or-
dered that the President pro tern, be authorized
to fill the vacancy thus created in the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
The PRESIDENT appointed Mr. Dodge, of
Wisconsin, to fill the vacancy. •
" THE COAST SURVEY.,
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the motion to print the
communication from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, transmitting the report of the -Superintendent
of the Coast Survey, and also the motion to print
five thousand five hundred additional copies of said
report, five hundred of which for the use of the
Superintendent of the Coast Survey, reported in
favor of printing the same; which was concurred in.
SALARY OF USTRICT JUDGE.
Mr. DAYTON, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary) to which was referred the bill to increase
the salary of the Judge of the Criminal Court of
the District of Columbia, reported back the same
without amendment, and recommended its pas-
sage.
TERMS OF COURTS IN TENNESSEE.
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which was referred House bill No.
363, being the bill to change the time of holding
the district court of the United States for the
eastern district of Tennessee, reported back the
same without amendment, and recommended its
passage.
Mr. TURNEY. I ask the Senate to consider
that bill at this time. It is simply to change the
terms of the court for the accommodation of the
judge and the lawyers, and cannot possibly con-
sume much time.
j The motion was agreed to, and the bill was con-
| sidered as in Committee of the Whole, There
