io«
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 2(>,
ty-sixth Congress, the bill was laid on the table;
and at the second session of that Congress it does
not appear that any action was taken on the bill.
At the Twenty-seventh Congress, first session,
the bill was laid on the table, and at its second
session it was indefinitely postponed.
Here are now twelve cases, at different sessions
of Congress, in which this bill has received con-
tinually the consideration of the Senate, and in
wlWh at every single time, it has been indefinitely
postponed, rejected, or the committee discharged
from its consideration.
Now, gentlemen will remember that the prac-
tice of this House is, that when a bill is adversely
reported upon, and the reports are adverse upon
memorials or petitions, those reports do not go
upon the calendar, and receive no action. But in
the Senate they go upon the calendar, and receive
the action of that body, whether the report is fa-
vorable or unfavorable.
Now, this bill came before the Senate for ten
consecutive sessions—has been either rejected by
that body, leave given the petitioners to withdraw
their papers, or it has been laid on the table. I
submit this one fact for your consideration, and
ask if it is not an important one, and worthy of
the serious consideration and notice of the House?
I find also among the papers in relation to this
matter a very favorable report, made by Mr.
Carr, a Representative from Maryland, the same
State in which the claimants resided. This re-
port was from the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims, and from which 1 will read a few extracts.
This report was made in 1840, in which he ac-
counts for the failure of obtaining this claim, and
securing the rights of Colonel Stone himself. He
says:
" Colonel Stone being, at the time of his resignation, in
good circumstances, in consequence of his wife having in-
herited a large property from lier father, did not require the
assistance of his country to enable him to liv«, and therefore
did not apply for his pension. He appears to have been a
generous and open-hearted man, and to have expended
much in relieving the distresses of his fellow-soldiers, and
' t'ie families of those of them who were in need and suffer-
ing ; and, before his death, to have expended not only what
little property he had of his own, but also the patrimony of
his wife, and to have become reduced to poverty. He then,
in 1803, made application lor his pension; but Congress
had, in the mean time, passed other laws, which, under a
construction then given, that an officer must produce evi-
dence that he served until the end of the war, or had been
left out of the service on account of his disability, he was
excluded. He made hjs proof; which, had he made at an
earlier period, would have secured him his pension. He
was advised to apply to Congress, and was prepared to do
so at the next session, but death prevented him. Had he
lived to make his application, there can be no doubt but he
would have obtained his pension; because Colonel Forrest,
who was his lieutenant colonel, and who also resigned in
consequence of a wound, not only received, in 1781, seven
years' half-pay in lieu of his pension under the resolve of
26th August, 1776, but afterwards, under a law parsed in
March, 1805, a pension under the act of 180:i of half-pay for
life."
I have not had time to examine into the matter
to any .great extent myself, but I present these
facts to the committee, trusting that they will give
them the consideration which they deserve.
Mr. DUNHAM. 1 am for rejecting this claim,
on the same principle that Congress rejected claims
of this description at the last session. It is the
principle, that the claimant of a pension, or a pen-
sioner who is entitled to a pension for disabilities
sustained in the actual service of the country, is en-
titled to such pension* not from the time that the
claimant received the wound which disabled him,
but from the time that he made his application.
This is a rule that has been laid down, and that
has never been departed from in the action of the
pension department. It is now for this commit-
tee to say whether t^ey will, by their action upon
this case, overrule that principle, and depart from
the practice that has been invariably followed m
the action of the department, from its foundation to
the present time, in deciding upon all claims for
pensions that they have allowed. And in respect
to the particular case before us. the fact that Col.
Stone did not, during his lifetime, apply, was the
very best evidence that could be furnished that his
disability was not such as to bring him under the
provisions of the pension law.
Mr. DANIEL thought that the best argument
against the payment of this claim was contained
in a provision of the act under which the allow-
ance of it had been recommended by the commit-
tee. He asked that it might be read to the com-
mittee. He did not believe that Col. Stone, so far
as it appeared, was entitled to the benefit of that act.
I The Clerk then read the provision of the act
| referred to. It is as follows:
] " Provided, That no commissioned officer, non-commis-
j sioned officer, and private soldier, in the army, commander,
commission othcer, warrant officer, marine or seaman of
any of the ships of war, or armed vessels, belonging to
the United States of America, who shall be wounded or
disabled as aforesaid, shall be entitled to his half pay or
other allowance, unless he produce to the committee or
officer appointed to receive the same, ill the State where
he resides or belongs, or to the Assembly or legislauve body
ofsueh State, a certificate from the commanding officer,
who was in the same engagement in which he was so
wounded, or, in case of his death, from some other officer
of the same corps, and the surgeon who attended him, or a
certilicate from the commander ot the ship of war or armed
vessel engaged ill the action, in which any officer, marine,
or seaman, received his wound, and from the surgeon who
attended turn, of the name ot the person so wounded, his
t office, rank, department, regiment, company, ship of war,
or armed vessel, to which he belonged, his office or rank
therein, the nature of his wound, and in what acuon or en-
gagement he received it."
Mr.*D. went on to say that he had had the
provision read to show that there was no obliga-
tion resting on the Government of the United
States to pay this claim. He would now move
that the bill be laid aside and reported to the House
with a recommendation that it do not pass.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland. I understand the
honorable chairman of the Committee of Claims
to quote a law which refers only to the naval ser-
vice. I wish to inquire if it is so?
Mr. DANIEL. No. It refers to both the Ar-
my and the Navy.
! Mr. EVANS. Well, sir, as I understand it, it
J refers only to the Navy; and if it did refer to the
Army, sir, it amounts to nothing more than this:
| that the Department at the other end of this Ave-
\ nue cannot consider the claim—that the laws of
i the United States are not such as will allow them
to pass upon it. Well, sir, that is the very reason
! why this claimant comes here. The only argu-
ment which the chairman of the Committee of
i Claims presents to the committee, is one that is
self-evident to every member of this House. If
the law had been otherwise this claim would of
course have been passed upon and allowed by the
Department long ago. If there had been a law of
the land allowing this claim, and authorizing its
payment, the representatives of Colonel Stone
would not have been here to-day asking the pay-
ment of it. The sole argument of the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Dunham,] as I understand it
—and if I misunderstood him of course he will
correct me—is, that Colonel Stone did not claim
this pension during his lifetime.
Mr. DUNHAM, (interposing.) No;he put in
his claim in 1803, but the Department rejected the
claim upon the very same principle on which the
Government acted in similar cases.
Mr. EVANS. What is that principle?
Mr. DUNHAM. That principle is, that the
officer or applicant must have known that he was
sufficiently disabled to be entitled to a pension;
and the fact that he did not make that application,
is conclusive evidence that his disability was not
so great as to entitle him to th'e invalid pension.
Colonel Stone may have been wounded at Ger-
, man town, but that wound may not have so dis-
abled him as to entitle him to a pension twenty
years after. We all know—every man who is at
all familiar with our physical construction—that a
man may receive a wound, yet that wound may
not operate so as to disable him for ten, fifteen,
twenty, or thirty years after he received it. When
a man receives a wound, and does not immediately
avail himself of the benefit of the pension, the De-
Eartment have laid down the invariable rule, that
e is not so disabled as to come within the opera-
tion of the pension law.
At the request of Mr. Daniel, the extract from
the resolutions of August, 1776, was again read,
in support of the position he had assumed.
Mr. DUNHAM, (interposing.) I wish also
to state another fact to the gentleman from Mary-
land. I presume that the gwitleman has examined
the subject so as to be familiar with the manner in
which this sort of business is transacted. When
an officer or soldier is so wounded as to be dis-
abled from performing further service, his dis-
charge clearly states this fact, because it is not
considered very creditable for an officer to resign
his commission, and leave the service without a
sufficient and satisfactory excuse for so doing, and
this excuse is always certified to in his discharge.
Mr. EVANS. The argument of the gentleman
from Indiana would be very good, if presumptive
evidence could over-ride positive proof. The reg-
ulation of the Department is based upon the prin-
ciple," that it is presumptive proof that a man was
not disabled if he did not apply for his pension,
if his disability was not established, and if the
proof of it is not on file. Now, Colonel Stone
did not receive a discharge—he resigned. He had
no discharge, and therefore the gentleman argue
that he received no disabling wound. Yet such a
fact' or presumption becomes of no consequence
whatever in face of the established fact that he
had a wound, and that thatwound did disable him;
and that, therefore, he was obliged to resign the
service; and in face of theotherfact, that the Secre-
tary of War ordered the pension to be paid. The
fact that he absolutely had an order from the War
Department to receive it, is evidence that the proofs
of disability were considered sufficient by the De-
partment.
Mr. DUNHAM, (interposing). If the gentle-
man will allow me, I should like to set him riirht.
That is only evidence that the disability existed at
the time theorderwas made,but not that it contin-
ued up to the period of his death. In answering the
gentleman, I would ask, upon which testimony is
this House to rely—upon the strong and conclu-
sive testimony of the transaction at the time, or
upon the testimony which is brought forward at
this late period,in orderto carrythis claim through
Congress?
Mr. EVANS (resuming) said, I understand the
gentleman from Indiana to admit that the disabil-
ity did exist in 1803, but he contends that the al-
lowance of the claim by the Secretary of War only
establishes the fact that Colonel Stone was dis-
abled in 1803, and does not go at all to establish
the fact that the disability had any previous ex-
istence.
Mr. Chairman, here is a man who served his
country in the war of the Revolution 
Mr. DUNHAM again interposed, and was un-
derstood to say: The gentleman does not under-
stand me. That js not evidence of where the
wound was received; but I concede that he was
wounded at German town, but there is no evidence
that the disability continued for twenty years-.
Mr. EVANS. Now, Mr. Chairman, here is
a man who, in 1779, was found to be so disabled
as to be incapacitated from service, and there is
proof that that disability extended still further
back, and existed to the period of his death; and
of this the report contains evidence of the full-
est and most conclusive character. Colonel Stone
was compelled to resign his commission in the
army because he was disabled. It was not be-
cause he had become wearied of that painful
struggle in which the patriots of the Revolution
were engaged, but because his wound actually
disabled him. In 1803, the Secretary of War was
convinced that it was a disability springing out of
the wound. And even supposing that the disa-
bility did not begin until 1803,1 care not. It would
make no difference with me when it commenced.
If he received a wound in one of the battles of
the Revolution, which, in 1803, disabled Jiim, I
would allow him a pension, and I think he would
be justly entitled to a pension for his services.
But, sir, the fact that he was obliged to resign his
commission in the army on account of this wound,
shows that the disability arose from the wound
which he received at the battle of Germantown,
and existed during the whole period of time be-
tween 1779 and 1803. And, sir, the further fact
tljpt Colonel Stone demanded nothing of his coun-
try; that he was enabled—I care not how—to sup-
port himself, and looking to the great difficulties
under which the Government of the United States
labored during the whole of that period, had the
magnanimity and generosity—the high magna-
nimity and great generosity—to make no claim on
the Government, surely affords no argument that
he is not deserving of a pension. On the con-
trary, it is to me one of the highest merits of this
gallant soldier, that he not only served his coun-
try faithfully, and from time to time sacrificed his
private means to relieve the distresses and suffer-
ings of his fellow-soldiers, but—with a magnanim-
ity and generosity not exceeded since the days of
the Revolution by any of our soldiers, a mag-
nanimity and generosity unexampled, when his
country was in debt and in difficulties, and when
our credit was periled—declined to make any
claim upon the Government. And now, at this
late period, is it any reason why his claim should
