1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
108
not be allowed, that he fought boldly for his coun-
try, and preferred to sacrifice his private fortunes,
and to endure want, and penury, and distress,
rather than bring a claim against "the Government
for a pension for his services?
There is one other argument which I have
heard ever since I have been in Congress, and
that is, the antiquity of the claim. Now, sir, that
is a very good argument—it is an essentially good
argument in a court of justice, but it is no argu-
ment at all before Congress. There are now in
the committee rooms of this Capitol, on file in the
Clerk's office, and elsewhere in the city of Wash-
ington, more than five thousand claims against
the Government as old as this is. Many of them
have passed one branch of Congress, but they can
scarcely ever pass through both bodies. Ana this
is entirely in consequence of the manner in which
the private business of this House is transacted.
If there are any gentlemen doing me the honor
to listen to me—and speeches on private claims
are seldom listened to—fully nine tenths of them
must be conscious that they know nothing of this
claim. I impute it as no discredit to any member.
It arises from the impossibility that the members
of this House should study all the private claims
that are presented to his attention. If a member
attends to the public business before the House,
to the enormous correspondence with which all
members of Congress are loaded, and to the mul-
tiplicity of engagements under which he labors,
he has no time to look into private claims, and
that is the reason why there are so many antiqua-
ted claims.
It is not therefore in Congress, as elsewhere,
any discredit to a claim that it has existed a long
time. That is no just argument against it. This
claim has often been pressed upon Congress. It
may have been adversely reported on. I do not
know how that may be. Certainly it has been
favorably reported on. I know nothing of the
ease outside of that report. I judge of the case
by the facts stated in the report. It seems to be
clearly established that Colonel Stone received a
wound at the battle of Germantown which disabled
him; that in consequence of that disability he was
compelled to resign; that the law of the land gives
him a pension from the date of that disability, and
that the ease comes before Congress because the de-
partment was not authorized, under the resolutions
which have been referred to, to settle the whole
claim. Under this state of facts there can be no
question at all that he was entitled to pay from
1779 to J803; and unless gentlemen gainsay these
facts and say that a presumption is to override the
facts, unless there is some presumptive testimony
which overrides positive evidence, I trust that the
committee, instead of laying aside this bill with a
recommendation that it do not pass, will consider
the gallant services of Colonel Stone, who in three
battles of the Revolution, if not more, served his
country with unexampled fidelity and zeal, and
who, in the hour of her trials and distress, forbore
to make this claim, and do justice now that the
claim is brought forward.
Mr. CROWELL. If I understand the report
of the committee correctly, it appears that Colonel
Stone, in his lifetime, presented his claim to the
department, under the resolution of Congress in
1776. That claim was rejected, not because he
was not entitled to any compensation, but because
he refused to consent to receive less compensation
than he believed himself to be entitled to by the
terms of that resolution.
The facts are these: Colonel Stone does not
come to this House because he is not entitled to
compensation under that law, or rather that reso-
lution, but because the pension department, by
its own construction of the resolution in question,
cut him off from his full allowance; in fact, grant-
ing him but a small portion of what he was en-
titled to on the terms of the resolution.
The object, then, of this application, is to cor-
rect what the applicant believes to be an incorrect
construction of this resolution of the pension
department. If the facts stated in the report are
true, (and I do not understand that any gentleman
has attempted to controvert them,) it seems to me
that the Pension Office was in error in refusing
this claim to the extent demanded by Colonel
Stone, when he presented it in January, 1803.
Was he wounded in the service ? That is proved.
He was wounded in the battle of Germantown;
and in consequence of the injuries there received,
he was so disabled that in 1779 he resigned his
post in the army. These facts are all proved, and
no one attempts to controvert them. When he
presented his claim in 180BJ it was not disputed
that these facts were not so; but the department
simply refused to pay the full amount, agreeing to
allow him but a small portion of it. The depart-
ment proposed to allow the claim to commence as
half pay from the date of application, and not
from the date that he resigned his post in the
'army in 1779.
Well, now, these being the facts, (and they are
not controverted,) it is mere special pleading; in-
deed it is hardly entitled to the dignity of the term
special pleading—for gentlemen to object to this
claim, when no just objection can be urged
against it.
From the terms of the resolution, as I under-
stand them, he is certainly entitled to the whole
amount of his half pay from 1779 up to the time
of his death, or up to the period of the removal
of the disability which caused his resignation.
Sir, that disability was never removed, but con-
tinued up to the time of his death; and it was the
duty of the pension department, in my judgment,
under the resolution of 1776, to have allowed him
his full half pay from 1779, the year in which he
was obliged to resign his commission in the army,
up to the time of his death, for his disability con-
tinued up to that time and was never removed.
On the other hand, the department simply said:
"We will allow your claim from the time you
made your application in 1803 up to the time of
your death, or until such time as your disability is
removed.
Colonel Stone very properly rejected such an
offer. If he was entitled to any pension, he was
entitled to the whole amount, according to the
terms of the resolution.
It does seem to me that this is a highly merito-
rious claim, and one which ought in all consist-
ency to be allowed; and I hope, therefore, that
the motion of the chairman of the Committee of
Claims will not prevail.
The CHAIRMAN. The question now before
the committee is on the motion of the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Millson,] that the bill be
laid aside, to be reported to the House with a
recommendation that it do not pass.
On this motion a division was called for; when—
Mr. DANIEL demanded tellers.
Mr. DUNHAM. I would ask that the ques-
; tion be stated again, in order that it may be fully
understood.
The CHAIRMAN was about again to state the
question, when—
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, said: Before the
question is put, Mr. Chairman, I wish to put a
question to the gentleman from Virginia, and it is
this: if I rightly understand him to raise objection
to the bill upon the ground that it was properly
for the pension department to decide, and not for
Congress to pass upon it, whether 
Mr."CARTTER. I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. McLANE. I believe I am perfectly in
order. I shall be obliged if the gentlemen will not
interrupt me.
Mr. CARTTER. The question hfes been put. j
| The gentleman from Maryland is out of order.
! Mr. McLANE. Will the Chair call the gen-
j tleman from Ohio to order, so that I may resume !
i the remarks I wish to. make. j
j The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman can pro-
ceed with his remarks; he is perfectly in order.
; Mr. McLANE. I desire to ask the gentleman
: from Virginia before me whether, if he considered
this case strictly entitled to a pension under the
; law, and application had been made by the party
to the pension department and had been improp-
erly refused by it, whether the pension would not!
I in such a case have accrued to the heirs ? I cannot
; doubt but that the gentleman from Virginia will
i say that it would accrue to the heirs. And I
I would further ask the gentleman, whether any in- j
j dividual member of the Committee on Revolution-
i ary Claims questions the fact that it was proved
' that Colonel Stone did make application under the
act of 1776? I wDuld desire to ask, if he did not
actually make the application ?—whether it is not
so proved? And if he did make the application, i
and the gentleman argues that it was the case of a J
pension and was therefore to be assimilated with :
the pension law, why then even the heirs are [
entitled to it, if Colonel Stone made this applica-!
tion under the law, in 1803, and it was improperly
refused by the Government. And in sucli case it
appears to me, that Colonel Stone would have
been certainly entiled to a pension. There can be
no doubt of it.
Mr. MILLSON. 1 only desire to 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will remind
gentlemen that although whilst the House is di-
viding he indulged them in interrogatories, yet an
extended debate is out of order.
Mr. MILLSON. I merely desire to answer
the question of the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. McLane,] and in doing so, I will say that it
would give me very great pleasure if the commit-
tee could see fit to pass favorably upon this bill. I
very much regret that I cannot feel myself free to
support it, and I shall say nothing more against it
•than is necessary to put the committee in posses-
sion of the facts of the case. I would say, how-
ever, in reference to the disability of Colonel
Stone, that I think there is every, that there is the
fullust proof given, that that disability existed in
1803. This much I feel it but justice to concede.
Now. as to the question of the honorable gentleman
from Maryland. If this pension was not demanded
in Colonel Stone's lifetime, I do not think that any
one else has any right to demand it. In the lan-
guage of the report of the Senate, "no one had
any right to judge for him, whether he was in in-
digent circumstances or not, and therefore had no
right to claim the pension." From mere loftiness
of feeling he was unwilling to be a pensioner upon
the bounty of Government, it certainly is not the
right of his decendants to claim the amount which
he voluntarily waived. Now, sir, if he claimed
his pension in his lifetime without performing
the conditions necessary to entitle him to receive
it, his heirs are not entitled to demand it after his
death. One of these conditions, as I said before,
prescribes that he should make oaih that he stood
in need of the money. Now, sir, if Colonel Stone
in his lifetime never did make oath to this effect, it
seems clear to me, that his heirs cannot claim the
pension to which he himself did not properly es-
tablish his right. I have only presented these
remarks as they have occurred to me-in reference
to this subject, in order that the committee might
vote on the matter with a full knowledge of the
facts. For myself, as I have said, it would give
the very great pleasure if the committee can see
cause to pass favorably on this bill, and should
consider my objections to it unworthy of conside-
ration.
The question was then taken by tellers (Messrs.
Dunham, and Evans of Maryland, acting) on the
motion of Mr. Millson to lay the bill aside, to
be reported to the House with a recommendation
that it do not pass, and agreed to—ayes 65, noes
64.
COLONEL REDDICK.
The bill next in order was House bill No. 70,
" for the relief of the legal representatives of
Colonel Willis Reddick, deceased."
The favorable report of the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims in this case, having been read,
On motion by Mr. DUNHAM, the bill was laid
j aside, to be reported to the House with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
| JOHN G. WILKINSON.
j The CHAIRMAN stated the next bill on the
calendar to be No. 73, " A bill for the relief of
John G. Wilkinson."
Mr. THOMAS. I wish to call the attention
of the House to this case; but before I commence
my remarks, I ask that the report accompanying
the bill may be read.
The Clerk here read theTreport, as follows:
Report of the Committee on Naval Jiff airs of February
yi, 1850:
; " It appears by the statements of (he petition, with the
orders and letters from the Department which accompany
it, that the petitioner was appointed navy agent at Nor-
folk, Virginia, in the year 1836, and performed the duties
of that position during that and a part of the subsequent
two years. His disbursements amounted to $52,156 23,
chiefly in small sums, and, therefore, involving much labor
and attention, as well as responsibility. He was not paid
for his service, because the Bank of the United States had
i previously performed it without compensation. The com-
I mittee are of opinion that the petitioner is justly entitled
; to compensation, and they report a bill to pay him two and
j a half per cent, upon his disbursements."
j Mr. THOMAS continued. Mr. Chairman,
' this is nothing more nor less than the application of
! a pension agent to be paid for his services as pen-
