1850*
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
104
Now, sir, the writer of that letter says that other
agents have been paid, and that they are entitled
to this ci)Tii|ie s«l\on ; and as I understand, (and
I haTe no d<>ubt of the fact,) this compensation is
now allowed to the Bank of the Metropolis, or has
at least been recently allowed to that bank com-
pensation for the payment of the pensions.
Several sails have been instituted against the
navy agents by Government for the amount of
moneys they have retained as a percentage upon
their payment erf pension claims, and in every in-
stance the Government has had to allow the amount.
Why, sir, has it not been done so in the case of
this agent? Does the Government of the United
States ask for—does it want the services of its citi-
zens without paying for them? The petitioner in
this case, sir, has acted upon the highest principle
of honor. He was advised by a Representative of
his district, at the time that he settled his accounts,
to retain a sufficient amount of money to cover the
sum to which he was entitled for his services.
But he gave up the whole to the Government, and
he now comes to Congress to do him justice—to
pay him the worth of his services. And must I
say, if the Government of the United States will
demand the services of its citizens, it is bound to
make a reasonable compensation for such services.
1 must say, if Government will take these servic g
and not pay for them, it is the most unjust Gov-
ernment upon earth.
Mr. WALDO said: This application, sir, ap-
pears to me like several others of the same kind
of claims for revolutionary pensions that came
before the last Congress, and is occupying the at-,
tention of the present. In examining this subject,
I have discovered that there was no law regulating
the payment of pensions until the act of 28th Feb-
ruary, 1847. AH the agents that have been em-
ployed in the payment of pensions, up to the time
of the passage of that act, have received nothing for
the discharge of their duties. The act of Congress
of 1847 provides that a commission of two per
cent, should be allowed for the payment of pen-
sions, but in Art ease was the percentage allowed
to exceed $1,000. So that no pension agent can
receive a larger amount than two per cent., and
in the aggregate that amount must not exceed the
sum of fl,000.
My objection, sir, to this tail is, that it. claims a
larger amount than is now paid for the perform-
ance of similar services; and a further objection
is, and me which I consider good, tjmt this claim
extends so far back, that all agents in the country
will be equally entitled to payment in like man-
ner who may have heretofore served in this de- j
partment. If this claim is allowed, we shall be j
compelled not only to allow compensation to j
claimants that present their petitions here, but we j
shall have to pass a general law, and allow the
same to all agents who have discharged their du- ;
ties, when many of them have simply had the
penson deposits placed in their hands. For these !
reasons I am in favor of the motion of the gentle- j
man from Tennessee.
Mr.MILLSON. The remarks of the honorable j
chairman of the committee, who reported this bill, |
make it unnecessary for me to say more than a few :
words on the petition before us. I am personally ,
acquainted with the petitioner in this case, and I ;
am happy to be able to assure the House, that he '
is a most worthy, amiable, and estimable man, j
and I think that it is my duty to bear this testi- ]
mony, which I cheerfully do, to his character.
Mr. Chairman, what objection has been urged by j
those who oppose the passage of this bill ? The j
honorable gentleman from Tennessee, wht) first i
addressed the committee, said that this allowance |
was not authorized by law—by any existing law, J
at least. Sir, the petitioner is very well aware |
that it is not authorized by any existing law, for '
if it had been, he would never have put in a peti- |
tion to Congress. But, the allowance was not for- '
bidden by any law existing at the time of his j
appointment by the Secretary of the Navy as pen- j
sion agent. ' |
He was formally appointed pension agent to \
the Department, and of course reasonably ex-
pected a suitable compensation. The gentleman
from Tennessee says, that a1 law was passed
declaring that no allowance could lve made, unless
authorized by law. Now, this agent was not
aware of the passage of this law. He was not
continually examining the files of newspapers, to
see what was the course of Congressional legisla-
| tion. He was rendering services, and naturally
, might expect proper compensation. And, sir, he
i was entitled to that compensation. Ever since
he ceased to be agent the JGrovemment has been
paying for the performance of the duties of this
.: pension agency; why, then, should Mr. Wilkin-
son be asked to render his services gratuitously
to the Administration? Sir, he had no induce-
ment, from political sympathies with the exist-
ing Administration, to undertake these services,
for he was selected by a Democratic Administra-
tion. He was not selected in a dispell tion to
encourage any political affinities, but because he
' was considered a worthy, honest,vuid meritorious
man, and a competent oiftcer. Sir, this agent, as
I personally know, is a poor man—he has a large
family; and I ask this committee if it is becoming
in this Government to eXpec-t that this individ-
ual should render gratuitous services, when there
is unquestionably an ability, and ought to be a
corresponding willingness, to pay ?
■ Then if we look at the honorable conduct of the
, claimant, who, when he had money in his hands,
was advised to retain it as security of the sum due
him, yet lefused, having confidence in the justice
of the Government. And shall this committee
eause this confidence to be misplaced? Let me
hope that it will be justified by the result. I trust
the bill will be carried.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on the mo-
tion to lay the bill aside, to be reported to the House
with the recommendation that it do not pass.
The question was put, and the motion was
agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The next business in order
is the bill for the relief of Benjamin F. Wesley.
The Clerk having read the bill and accompa-
nying report—
Mr. DUNHAM said: I move, sir,that that bill
be laid aside, with the recommendation that it do
not pass.
Mr. PUTNAM. I move, sir, to strike out the
enacting clause.
Mr. DUNHAM. I believe, Mr. Chairman,
that I have the floor?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from In-
diana is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DUNHAM. I shall, in very few words,"
, state my objection to the passage of this bill. 1
object to it, on the ground that it comes within
I the operation of the same rule as the case upon
! which the committee have within a few minutes
1 adversely decided. The petitioner seems to base
his claim on the fact that he might have made the
application in 1834, under the law then existing,
! (that of 1832,) had he known of its existence.
In reference to this, I think, in the first place,
that there is no good reason for making an excep-
tion in this case, even were this true, since, as I
said before, it has been the invariable rule of this
department of the Government to allow a pension
only from the time of application. In the first
place, because I think it is not conclusively proved
that Mr. Wesley deserved the pension under the
law; and, in the'next place, that as he did not
apply for it, he waived his right to it.
There is no proof that goes to show that he did
not know of the existence of this law in reference to
pensions, and therefore the non-application is good
cause to infer a voluntary waiving of his right.
And if, as is not shown to the contrary, he did
not apply because he did not need the pension,
why should it be granted to his heirs? It is not
the object of Government to enrich the descend-
ants of those who are entitled to pensions; and if
he did not require such pension, it is only to en-
rich his heirs to grant it. Such was never the in-
tention of the pension law.
The settled practice of Government I have al-
ready adverted to, and I trust they will not in this
case depart from it.
I beg to move, sir, that the bill belaid aside,and
that it be reported, with the recommendation-that
it do not pass.
The question was taken on said motion, and it
was agreed to.
The next bill in order was No. 83, being a bill
for the relief of William Slocum, of New York.
Mr. DUNHAM moved to lay the bill aside,
with a recommendation that it do not pass, for the
same reasons that he had urged in the last case.
Mr. AVERETT asked for the reading of the
report, and it was read by the Clerk.
Mr. WENT WORTH. I believe I am notdistin-
| guished in this House for my apposition to private
claims, and particularly to claims of this kind. If
I am not mistaken, several Committees on Pen-
sions have resolved they would not give back pay
to invalid pensioners. I do not remember, since I
have been a member of Congress, that they have
ever given back pay. ,1 know that since! have
been here I have received a great many petitions
from individuals who have been placed on the pen-
sion rolls, asking for back pay; but I have told
them that the Isw and the precedents were against
them.
Mr. AVERETT, (interposing.) Will the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Wentworth] allow me
to correct him as to a matter of fact? As well as
I recollect the papers in this case—for I have not
examined them since the early part of the last ses-
sion of Congress—this is not really a case of back
pension, and I may state that it has been the unan-
imous opinion of the committee, that back pen-
sions ought not to be allowed.
Mr. DUNHAM. If the gentleman from Vir-
finia will allow me to call his attention hoth to the
ill and to the report, he will find that he is mis-
taken.
Mr.AVERETT. Ifso,andifthisbe acHim for
back pension, I will voteagainsttheallowance ofit.
But, according to my recollection, the committee
have allowed him a pension only from the time at
| which he made outhis case. I think that a reference
! to the papers will show the fact, that he made out a
ease for a pension, which was considered a good
one, as early as 1834, and a bill for his relief wag
reported at that tim?. On a reexamination of the
testimony submitted to that committee, and of all
the subsequent testimony, the committee of last
session were satisfied that he was entitled to a pen-
sion at the time the first bill was reported; and if
1 recollect aright, this bill is identical with the bill
reported by Mr. Gordon, the former chairman of
the committee.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I will not detain.the
committee much longer, but I would say that this
bill claims more attention from Congress from the
fact that all of us who have been here this long
time, and have waived our right to receive back
pay, will commence, if this bill passes, to claim it.
j If this claim is allowed, I shall sit down and write
j to all the men in my district who are in the receipt
j of pensions, and notifythem that the precedent has
been established, and that they are entitled to back
1 pay. I will move to amend the bill so as to read
| either that the claimant shall be entitled to receive
a pensioa from and after the passage of this bill,
or from and after the 1st of January, 1851.
Mr. HOUSTON. As I now understand this
hill, I shall vote for the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Wentworth;] and
I will say that, if the honorable gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Averbtt] is correct in the facts
which he has stated, I think it is a little remarka-
ble that it is entirely omitted in the report of the
Committee of Claims accompanying this bill. If
1 it be true that this application was made as early as
1834, when a bill was reported in its favor, it would
materially change my views as to the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Illinois. But if it
is not true that application was made and the claim
established as early as that period, then I entirely
concur in the sentiments expressed by the gentle-
j man from Illinois, that Congress should not grant
I arrears of pensions. 1 do not know what can
| have induced the Committee of Claims to report
to the House the two last bills which have been
| read at the desk, but I recollect distinctly having
introduced at the last session of Congress a peti-
tion on the part of a very meritorious soldier, who
| was very severely wounded in the late Florida war,
j which was referred to the Committee on Invalid
] Pensions, who rejected the claim, on the ground, as
I was informed, that it was the invariable rule, and
\ had been the uniform practice of the Committee
on Invalid Pensions, to refuse arrears of pensions
: in all cases. The claim, or petition, was intro-
i duced by me on behalf of a soldier who was not
aware, until some years after he had served and
I been wounded, that he was entitled to a pension,
i If he had made application at the time he was
wounded, he would have been entitled to a pen-
sion ; but his claim was rejected by the committee
on the ground which I have stated. Had the bill
been reported in pursuance of the memorial of the
! petitioner, he would have received something like
I $1,500 for back pension. Now, I acn opposed to
