1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lOt
the import of which can be judged by the reply of
Mr. Josjrs.
Mr. JONES. I would ask the gentleman one
question. T«he report of the committee does not
state the amount of disability; they fix the pen-
sion at three fourths disability. I would ask this
question: Have thev the evidence of any respect-
able physicians of the desrree of disability in these
papers, so far back as 183d; and if they prove as far
back as 1834 that he received these injuries in mili-
tary service, and in the line of duty, why is it that
the pension was not granted by the Pension Office ?
Mr. CONGER. I know of my own knowledge
that this case has been before the Committee on
Pensions, and that it has been rejected by them on
the ground that the proofs were insufficient. 1 pre-
sume it is within the knowledge of every member
here that this office has rejected claim after claim,
that, in the judgment of gentlemen here, were
meritorious, and I hold there is 
Mr. JONES. You have doubtless examined
the papers of the petitioner?
Mr. CONGER. Certainly.
Mr. JONES. Do respectable physicians cer-
tify therein as to the amount of disability ?
Mr. CONGER. Certainly they do.
Mr. JONES. Do they prove that this disability
was incurred in military service and in the line of
duty?
Mr. CONGER. Certainly.
Mr. JONES. Then on what ground did the
Commissioner of Pensions reject the claim ?
Mr. CONGER. I cannot now say, as I have
not now the letter before me.
Mr. AVERETT. I think I can, sir. The dif-
ficulty, as well as I recollect, was, that the De-
partment did not consider the disability clearly
traceable to injury received in the line of his duty.
But, although the Commissioner of Pensions did
not consider that it was so traceable, the commit-
tee of 1842, and also the committee of last session,
were unanimously of opinion that it was so, and
reported accordingly.
Mr. JONB6, Then, the fact of the case ia,
that it was not proved to the satisfaction of the
Commissioner of Pensions that this injury was
received in the military service of the country,
and when the individual was in the line of lus
duty. And the question now is, shall we take
this case out of the hands of the Commissioner of
Pensions, and adjudicate it ourselves, and plaee
this man on the pension-roE, when, according to
the general law of the country, he would not be
placed on it.  
Mr. AVERETT remarked, that if this objec-
tion of the gentleman from Tennessee be valid,
the Committee on Invalid Pensions ought to be
stricken from the list of committees of this House.
He [Mr. Averett] had supposed that it was a
proper function of this committee to grant relief
in such cases as this, when they are sustained by
testimony satisfactory to the committee, but yet
not satisfactory to the Commissioner of Pensions,
acting under the stringent rules necessary to his
government.
Mr. CONGER. I suppose that almost all the
cases, or a great majority of the cases, that go be-
fore the Committee on Invalid Pensions are cases
thatcome from the Pension Office, and ij; is the
first time I have heard on this floor that a case
had not merit because it had been to that office
and been rejected.
Mr. HOUSTON wished to know if it was in
order to offer an amendment to the amendment ?
The CHAIRMAN replied that it would be in
order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understood the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Averett] to say that this bill
was reported at the last session of Congress.
Mr. AVERETT. Yes; it was one of the ear-
liest bills reported.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would, therefore, merely
propose, as an amendment to the amendment—not
a very material one to be sure, but it seems to me
to be only just—to insert instead of " 1851" the
year " 1850," as it should have been acted on at
the last session of Congress, the bill having been
then reported.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I accept that amend-
ment.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment, and it was disagreed to.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I move to amend the
bill by striking out" 1834,"and inserting;" 1850."
The question was then taken on th^amend-
ment; a fid it was agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection,
the bill will now be laid hside to be reported to the
House.
Mr. DUNHAM. I move an amendment to
that. I move that the bill be laid aside, to be re-
ported to the House with a recommendation that
it do not pass.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to
the committee what will be the effect of the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Don-
ham.] The bill has already been amended; and
if his motion prevail, it will have the effect to set
aside that amendment, or involve an inconsistency
in the action of the committee. The Chairman,
in reporting the action of the committee to the
House, would have to make two "reports; one that
the bill had been amended, (which indicates favor-
able action,) and the other that the committee had
recommended that the bill do not pass.
Mr. DUNHAM. I wish to amend my motion
so that the bill be reported to the House with a
recommendation that it be laid on the table.
The CHAIRMAN. Such a motion is not in
order. The Chair will again state what is the
effect of the motion of the gentleman from In-
diana, [Mr. Dunham.] It will be to bring the
same bill before the House in two separate forms,
and unless the gentleman insists on his motion, it
will not be entertained. Does the gentleman in-
sist?
Mr. DUNHAM withdrew his motion.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I move that the bill
be laid aside and reported to the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from Illinois that his motion is entirely
unnecessary.
Mr. WENTWORTH I then withdraw the
motion, and move that the bill be reported to the
House.
The CHAIRMAN. Ifthere be no objection, the
bill will be now reported to thfc House.
Mr. JONES. I move that the committeedo now
rise; on which motion the question was put and
carried in the affirmative.
The committee rose accordingly, and (the
Speaker having resumed the chair,) its chairman
reported that the committee had had several bills
under consideration, and directed him to report
back bills Nos. 69, 73, and 79, with a recommend-
1 ation that they do not pass; No. 70, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass; and No. 83, with an
amendment.
COLONEL JOHN STONE.
The SPEAKER stated the first question before
the House to be on ordering the bill for the relief
of the legal representatives of Colonel John Stone
to be engrossed and read a third time—the com-
mittee having reeommended that the bill do not
pass.
Mr. DUNHAM moved that the bill be laid on
the table; which question was taken and decided
in the affirmative—ayes 63, noes 55.
Mr. WENTWORTH demanded the yeas and
nays, but they were not ordered.
So the bill was laid on the table.
COLONEL REDDICK.
The SPEAKER. The next bill in order is bill !
No. 69, for the relief of Colonel Willis Reddick, :
deceased. The committee recommend the passage
of this bill. The question before the House is, j
"Shall the bill be engrossed and read a third
time?" |
The question was taken, and the bill was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, was read a third time and passed.
Mr. HUBBARD asked if it would be in order
at this time to move that when the House adjourns,
it adjourn till Monday next?
The SPEAKER said it would be in order.
Mr. HUBBARD. Then I will make that mo-
tion.
The question being on said motion—
Mr. WENTWORTH demanded the yeas and
nays, but they were not ordered.
Mr. W. then called for tellers on the question,
which were also refused.
The question was then put on the motion of
Mr. Hubbard, and agreed to.
Mr. MILLSON moved to reconsider the vote
. just taken on bill No. 69, and to lay said motion
on the table; the question on which latter motion
was taken and agreed to.
The bill, No. 73, for the relief of John G. Wil-
kinson, coming up in order, on the question of
engrossment—
Mr. THOMAS moved that the bill be laid on
the table.
And the question being then taken, it was car- '
ried in the affirmative, and the bill was laid on
the table.
Bill No. 79, for the relief of Benjamin F. Wes-
ley, coming up next in order, was,
On the- motion of Mr. MORRIS, laid on the
table.
The next bill in order was No. 83, for the re-
lief of William Slocum,of New York.
The SPEAKER said, the question before the
House was, first, on agreeing.to the amendment
of the Committee of the Whole, striking out
" 1834," and inserting " 1850," as the period for
the commencement of the pension.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was agreed to.
The question then recurring upon ordering the
bill to be engrossed and read a third time—
Mr. DUNHAM moved to lay the bill on the
table; which question was taken, and determined
in the negative.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time, and being engrossed, was read
a third time and passed.
GRANT OF LAND.
. Mr. MeCLERNAND, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill, of which previous notice had
been given, granting to the States of Illinois, In-
diana, and Ohio, the right of way through the
public lands, and for other purposes; which was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
CHARLOTTE LYNCH.
Mr. MARSHALL called up the motion made
by him some days since to lay on the table the
motion made by Mr. Johnson, of Tennessee, to
reconsider the vote by which the Committee of the
Whole was discharged from the furthe considera-
tion of the bill for the relief of Charlotte Lynch.
The SPEAKER said the question was on the
motion of the gentleman from Kentucky, to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table,
j Mr. STRONG moved that the House adjourn;
i but waived the motion at the request of
! The SPEAKER,who, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House the following communica-
tions:
I. A communication from the Commissioner of
Public Buildings, in compliance with a resolution
of the House, transmitting copies of all the con-
tracts made by him from the 1st December, 1849, to
1st* December, 1850; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
II. A communication from the Treasury De-
partment, transmitting a report from the general
superintendent of the light-house establishment,
showing the mode of supply, inspection, general
condition, and extent of the establishment; which,
On motion by Mr. JONES, was ordered to lie on
the table and be printed.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Strong that the House adjourn, and it was
agreed to.
The House then adjourned.
NOTICE OP A BILL.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, gave notice of bis Intention
to introduce a bill granting the right of way and alternate
sections of land to the New Orleans and Jackson (Missis-
sippi) Railroad.
PETITIONS, See.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
Under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committee^ :
By Mr. GOODENOW: The petition of Robert Davis,
and 12&other citizens of the Slate of Maine, for the con-
struction of a breakwater in the harbor of Moukegan Island,
in said State.
By Mr. HENRY: The petition of James H. Foster, and
70 others, for a post route from Weston, via Mount Tabor,
to Danby Borough, Vermont.
By Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi: The memorial of A. B.
Dawson, of Mississippi, praying indemnity for losses sus-
tained by him in the Creek nation, in the year 1636.
By Mr. CHANDLER: The memorial of Samuel C.
Morton, Jacob B. Lancaster, and other merchants of Phila-
delphia, asking for the construction of a harbor at Reedy
Island, in the Delaware.
By Mr. TUCK : The memorial of the American Peace
Society in behalf of enacting some substitute for the prac-
tice of war. *
