1850.
TIIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
109
cases. Thus a person entitled to a seat is detained
from the enjoyment of his right, by the present
system of procuring the testimony of witnesses in
contested elections. But further than that: If the
contestant is not entitled to a seat, the case cannot
be decided as the law now stands, until months
have elapsed after the session of Congress has com-
menced, and thus we are obliged to pay two individ-
uals the usual per diem allowance. It is to guard
against this evil, and to remove this abuse, that
this bill has been prepared. I am perfectly confi-
dent, if the House will examine the subject, they
will see that this bill does remove those evils, and
that it provides a way in which every case of
contested election may be decided hereafter, before
the first of January after the commencement of a
session of Congress.
I heard it-suggested the other day, when this
bill was read, that it took away the power of the
House to judge of its own elections. There is no
such provision in it. There is one section of the bill
which provides that every contestant shall give
the notice, and may take testimony in the mode
prescribed. There is no provision restraining the
power of the House to proceed in another man-
ner. But if there were, I would ask the House,
how the bill will interfere with the exercise of the
power vested in the House by the Constitution to
judge of the qualification and election of its mem-
bers ? It is in aid of the House. Its requirements
are all preparatory to adjudication.
The first section of the bill provides, that when
any individual intends to contest the election of
another, he shall, within thirty days after such
election, give notice to the returned member of his
intention to contest it. That notice must be in writ-
ing, and specify the objections which he makes to
the return, and must set out all the allegations by
which he intends to substantiate his own right to
the seat. This notice must be served upon the
returned member. Within thirty days from the
service of the nfttice, the returned member is re-
quired by the second section of this bill, to serve
an answer upon the contestant, and in that answer
he must either affirm or deny what is alleged by the
contestant; and shall, in addition, set forth what
he intends to rely upon to maintain his right to a
seat.
You will see, Mr. Speaker, that this course of
procedure brings the parties to an issue—deter-
mining the grounds upon which each party re-
spectively rests his claim to the seat.
That, sir, is precisely the course this House
has always pursued in such cases, when they
have come before it for adjudication. When the
Committee of Elections is constituted, they uni-
formly require the contestant to specify the rea-
sons which he relies upon in contesting the seat,
and the sitting member is also required to answer,
either by joining issue, or alleging new facts, or
both. Thus is ascertained the question to be ad-
judicated.
This bill makes precisely the same provision for
the mode of procedure to procure evidence as the
act of 1798. It enables the parties to call upon any
judge or officer usually employed to take deposi-
tions, to take such testimony as either of the par-
ties at issue may require. The bill then provides
the mode of compelling the attendance of witnesses
and giving notice of the time and place in which
such testimony shall be taken by one party or the
other. It provides the manner in which the testi-
mony shall be taken, and when such testimony
shall be transmitted by the parties to this House.
It provides that the testimony shall be taken with-
in sixty days from the time when the issue is
joined. It requires thatthe testimony shall be here
at the time of the commencement of the session
of Congress, that it may be presented to the Com-
mittee of Elections as soon as that committee is
constituted. If this bill is passed, the result will
be, that instead of several months' delay, as has
l>een the case heretofore, the testimony will be in
the hands of the printer the very first day of the
session, and the decision of the House will be made
before the first of January in every session.
But, sir, this bill does not interfere with the
rights of the House to judge in the election of
its members, as has been asserted. On the con-
trary, it expressly reserves to the House the
right to take additional testimony in every case in
which they may think it necessary or proper.
Now, sir, one word with regard to the form in
which this bill is presented. I have taken the
pains to look over the actions of the Legislatures
of most of the several States, in relation to the
rules established for determining tfie qualifications
of election of members to those bodies, and I find
in at least three fourths of them, provisions have
been made, precisely similar to those I have pre-"
sented in this bill, for taking testimony and adju-
dicating the rights of those concerned in cases of
contested elections. I find that similar provisions
have been made in Virginia, Ohio, New Jersey,
Texas, Georgia, Maine, and many other States
whose legislative action I have taken the time to
examine.
It is the mode which legislative experience t
throughout the country has provided and approved
for preparing a case for adjudication by each
House, as a judge of its own elections.
Mr. Speaker,! feel I would be trespassing upon
the indulgence of the House, were I to go further
in this matter. I have designed simjjly to state
the general purport of the bill. The bill has been
printed some days. I ask this House only to do
what has been done by the Legislatures of three '
fourths of the States of this Union, to provide
a tried and approved mode, by which the evils
under which we have been laboring so long, shall
be removed. I trust the House wiu indulge me in
this case, as I do not often trespass upon their in-
dulgence. ^
1 trust the House will pardon me for the time I
have occupied in calling attention to the provisions
of this bill, and that its action to-day may be such
as shall make it a law during the present session.
It received the unanimous consent of all the mem-
bers present in the meeting of the committee, by
whom the bill was prepared, and I have no doubt
that it meets the approbation, of every absent
member o flhat committee. I ask, therefore, that
the bill may be put upon its passage.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. It is a bill, as it seems to me, of
too much importance, and requiring too careful
investigation, to be disposed of in such a summary
manner. For one, I am very little acquainted
with its provisions. I have heard little or nothing
in relation to it, except from the remarks of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Strong,] who
is chairman of the Committee of Elections. I
find among the provisions of this bill, that, in
cases of contested elections, testimony shall be
taken within sixty days of the commencement of
I the session of Congress. Now, in many of the
States the election does not take place within
sixty days of the commencement of the session.
Mr. STRONG. I will inform the honorable
gentleman, if he will allow me to explain, the bill
provides that the testimony shall be taken within
sixty days from the time the returned member
has served his answer upon the other party, not
sixty days from the commencement of a session
of Congress, so that it gives sixty days in which
to procure testimony in any case of a contested
election.
I desire the indulgence of the House irt one other
remark; it is this: If the House is not inclined to
put this bill upon its passage at once, I hope the
honorable gentleman will at least permit it to be
made the special order for some particular day.
If it is sent to the Committee of the Whole, with-
out being made the special order, it will be the
end of the matter. I desire, therefore, if it is sent
to the Committee of the Whole at all, that it may
be sent in such a way that will secure a speedy
action of the House upon it. If the gentleman de-
sires more time for its consideration, I will not
object to it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I only desire to say that
this is a bill of some importance—that it ig one
which requires some consideration; and it seems to
me that it is one which requires too much consid-
eration to be disposed of so summarily.
Why, sir, I find that there is a possibility that
suclf a law might not operate well, for very good
reasons. A former Congress passed an act simi-
lar to this, which, it seems, was afterwards re-
pealed.
Mr. STRONG. The act of 1798 has never
been repealed.
Mr. SCHENCK. If it was not repealed, at
least it was never revived, but expired by the act
of limitation, which amounts to the same thing.
I entirely concur with the gentleman who intro-
duced this bill, [Mr. Strong,] that some limita-
tion is necessary and proper, but it does seem to
me that it is a kind of legislation which ought not
to be hurried through in this manner. If the p en-
tleman who introduced this bill desires that it
should be made a special orderhave no objec-
tion, and I will therefore move that it be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union; and I will give way to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania in order to allow bim an opportu-
nity to name some day on which it should be made
the special order.
Mr. STRONG. I propose, then, that the bill
be made the special order of the day for the third
Tuesday of January next, and to be continued as
a special order from day to day until disposed of.
Mr. SCHENCK thought it better to name
some day in February.
Mr. JONES. We can just as well dispose of
the bill now, as at any other time. Its provisions
are very plain and simple; and it seems to me that
we can as well dispose of it at once, as to refer it
to any committee.
Mr. SCHENCK. There is one provision in
that bill, which strikes me as very objectionable,
and it is this: The officers who are employed in
taking depositions of witnesses in cases of con-
tested elections, are allowed their own mode of
procedure, there being no form prescribed in the
bill to regulate the manner in which such testi-
mony shall be taken. Now we all know, that in
exciting political contests, if officers are allowed
their own discretion as to the manner of taking
testimony, the privilege is liable to much abuse.
In such times of political excitement, it may be
difficult to find an officer who is not prejudiced
towards one side or the other; and if the contest-
ant, in such case, choose to do it, he may employ
some mere tool of his own in taking testimony.
However, I do not intend to go into a discussion
of this bill at the present time, and therefore again
move that it be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. McGAUGHEY. Mr. Speaker, this bill
is not one which has been originated merely by a
private individual, but it had its origin with the
Committee of Elections, who at least ought to be
familiarwith the subject, and who certainly know
something about the remedy which should be ap-
plied to correct the evil that now exists in relation
to this suhject. It is the deliberate opinion of that
committee this bill should be passed,and I believe
the universal practice of this House has been that
whenever a subject has been examined and ap-
proved by a standing committee that has proper
cognizance of the subject, to act upon it at once.
Why now refer this bill to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union ? If the bill
be read section by section, why can it not be as
well amended and considered in this House as in
committee? Can there be any reason for the ex-
amination of the details of this bill in the Commit-
tee of the Whole in preference to the House, in
regard to the effect of such examination upon its
final passage? The bill is now open to amend-
ment. Each section can be read by itself, and if
any of these sections are found to be defective upon
the reading, any gentleman upon this floor may
ofTeran amendment to it. But, sir, it is manifest
that if this bill is referred to the Committee of the
Whole, and is not made the special order for a
particular day4 it has gone the way of all flesh—it
has gone to that bourn from whence no traveler
returns—it is dead, and thus the evil under which
the country is laboring will not be corrected.
This thing of contesting the right to a seat upon
this floor has become the greatest of all humbugs
in this age of humbugs. [Laughter.] A mail
comes here, and claims that he is entitled to the
seat of the person holding it under the proper au-
thority of the State. The consequence is that
during a long nine months' session, the member
retains his seat, but at the close of the session, the
House decide that he is not entitled to it, and he
is turned out, after having exercised the funct'ons
of an office nine months to which he had not bjtn
entitled, and both the contestant and the sitting
member are paid the full wages of members of Con-
gress.
Why, sir, how was it in the case of the con 
tested seat from Iowa the last session? At the
end of nine months, a person who had never been
elected by the people at all, was turned out from
his seat, when he had been exercising the func.
tions of a member the entire session, and the other
