THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS ft 1 50 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, Session.
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 31, 1830.
New Series,....No. 8.
So the House refused to commit the bill.
The question then recurred on Mr. Putnam's '
amendment to the amendment offered by Mr.
Hall.
Mr. GOTT called for tellers; which were or-
dered, and Messrs. Clingman and Caldwell be-
ing appointed, and the question having been taken,
reported—ayes 72, noes 58.
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The question recurring on the amendment as
amended, which amendment was read as follows:
At the end of the 10th line add:
Pnrrided, That if from any cause not within the control
of. the contestant, said notice cannot be given, then mid
notice >hnl! be given within thuty da.vtt after said disabil-
ity strait cease.
At the end of Mr. Hall's amendment add:
Jind provided, further, That in case of the abscnce of
the member whose seat is contested, the notice aforesaid
may be served by leaving the same at his pface of residence
with some member of the family of suitable age to under-
stand the same. ,
Mr. GOTT called for tellers on the question,
who were ordered; and Messrs. Briggs, and John-
son of Arkansas, were appointed. The question (
being taken, the tellers reported 46 in the affirma-
tive, and 87 in the negative.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The question then recurred on ordering the bill
to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. HALL. Mr. Speaker, as this section in
some degree personally concerns me, I wish to
make an explanation.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri can only do so with the unanimous consent
of the House.
Mr. McGAUGHEY. I object.
Mr. HALL. 1 wish to make a personal expla-
nation.
The SPEAKER. It can only be done by the
anaaimous consent of the House.
Mr. McGAUGHEY. I object.
Mr. HALL. I will not occupy five minutes.
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
been seconded and the main question ordered, and
unless the objection be withdrawn the gentleman
from Missouri cannot make any explanation.
Mr. McGAUGHEY. I withdraw my objec-
tion.
The (rat section of the bill was again read.
Mr. HALL. Now, sir, I have seen it stated in
some of the newspapers in my State, that my seat
in the next Congress is to be contested. If, then,
the person who desires to contest my seat must
serve a notice upon me to that effect within thirty
days after the passage of this act, it will require
twenty-eight days for the information to reach him
that the act has passed, and twenty-eight more be-
fore the notice can be served upon me; making it,
therefore, impossible to give the notice in less than
fifty days. 1 trust, therefore, that thirty days will
be stricken out, and ninety inserted in ks place.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I wish to inquire of the
Chair, whether, if the House vote down this bill,
it would then be in order to move to recommit-it
to the committee by which it was reported ?
The SPEAKER. It would not be in order.
Mr. CLEVELAND. What 1 desire to ascer-
tain is, whether there is any way in which the
bill can be got back to the committee ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot point out
to the gentleman the mode by which that object
may be effected. It would be improper for him
to do it: j
The gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Hall] asks
the unanimons consent of the House to offer an
amendment to insert " ninety days" in lieu of
"thirty days," in the fifteenth line of the first
section of the bill. Is there any objection to that
motion being entertained ?
Mr. PUTNAM objected.
So the motion was not entertained.
The question recurring on the engrossment of
the bill for a third reading, the yeas and nays were
ordered, and being taken resulted—yeas 105, nays
58—as follows: I
8
YEAS—Messrs. AlbertsoH, Ashe, Aahniun, Averett,
Bayly, Bissell, Bocock, Booth. Buwdon, Boyd, Briggs, W.
J. Brown, Buel, Dullard, Burrows, Burt, ltuUer, Joseph Ca-
ble, Joseph P. Caldwell, Cartter, Clarke, Clingman, W. R.
W. Cobb, Corwin, banner, Deberry, Dimmick, Duer, Dun-
can, Ewine, Featherston, Fitch, Kowler, Freedley, Fuller,
Gerry, Gidaings, Goodenow, Gott, H&lloway, Hamilton,
Harlan, Isham G. Harris, Sampson \V. Harris, Henry,
Hibbard, Hilliard, Hoagland. Holladay, Houston, Inge,
Joseph VV. Jackson, Andrew Johnson, Robert W. Johnson,
Jones, Julian, Kaufman, James G. King, John A. King,
La Sfcre, Horace Mann, Job Mann, Marshall, McDowell,
MeGanghey, McLanahan, Robert M. McLane, McMullen,
McQueen, McWillie, Morris, Morrison, Nelson, Otis, Peas-
lee, Peck, PlxBni.i, Potter, Powell, Sisley, Root, Sawtelle,
Sctiermerhorn, Shepperd, Spaulding, Sprague, Stetson,
Ptronc, Taylor, Jacob Thompson, James Thompson, Un-
derbill, Van Dyke, Venable, Walden, Waldo, Watkins,
Wont worth, Whittlesey, Wildrick, Williams, and Young
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Alston, Bay, Beale,
Bennett, Bingham, Bokee, Bowie, Bowlin, Albert G.
Brown, Campbell, Casey, Chandler, Cleveland, Coleock,
Cole, Coager, Crowell, Dickey, Disney, Alexander Evans,
Nathan Evans, Gilmore, Gonld, Green, Gnnnell, Haymond,
Hebard, Howe, Hubbard, William T. Jackson, Kerr,
George G. King, Preston King, Lefller, Matteson, McCler-
nand, MeKissock, Miller, Moore, Morton, Ogle, Orr, Pit-
man, Putnam, Robinson, Sackett, Schenck, Schoolcraft,
Stauly, Tuck, Vuiton, Wallace, Wellborn, White, Wilmot,
and Woodward—58.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
Mr. STRONG moved to reconsider the vote
and to lay that motion on the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
The bill having been engrossed, was read the
third time.
Mr. STRONG moved the previous question on
the passage of tlie bill.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, inquired if the bill
could have its third reading to-dav ■'
The SPEAKER replied that it had been read
the third time.
Mr. EVANS wished to know if the bill had
been engrossed ?
The SPEAKER replied that it had been en-
grossed.
'• The demand for the previous question was then
seconded, and the main question ordered.
Mr. HALL moved to lay the bill on the table;
which question was taken and decided in the neg-
ative.
Mr. PUTNAM asked the unanimous consent of
the House to offer a very material amendment to
the bill.
Mr. McCLERNAND objected.
Mr. HALL asked for the yeas and nays on the
passage of the bill, but they were not ordered.
The question was then taken on the passage of
the bill, and it was carried in the affirmative.
Mr. STRONG moved to reconsider the vote,
and to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
Whitney's railroad.
Mr. STANLY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the use of this Hall be granted to Asa
Whitney, to explain his project for the construction of a
railroad to the Pacific ocean, on such evening as he may
designate.
Mr. McMULLEN. I wish to know what is
the-regular order of business?
The SPEAKER. As I have once before stated,
the regular business in order is the call of the
States for resolutions. This is resolution day.
Mr. McMULLEN. Then, sir, I call for the
regular order of business. x
Mr. STANLY. I move, sir, that the rules of
the House be suspended, in order to introduce my
resolution.
The motion to suspend the rules was lost.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. I ask, sir,
the unanimous consent of the House to present
certain joint resolutions of the Legislature of Mis-
sissippi, approving of the course of the Represent-
atives of that State in Congress, in opposing the
measures of the last session for the adjustment of
the slavery question.
bounty lands.
Mr. CALDWELL, of Kentucky, asked the
unanimous consent of the House to introduce a
! joint resolution explanatory of the act approved
28th September, 1850, entitled, "An act granting
bounty lands to certain officers and soldiers who
have been engaged in the military service of the
United States."
Objection was made.
Mr. CALDWELL moved to suspend the rules.
Mr. ASHMUN moved that the H ouse adjourn;
which motion was lost.
Mr. ROBINSON would state to the gentleman
from Kentucky that the Committee on Public
Lands would shortly report on the bounty land
' bill, and would report in favor of the object con-
| templaced by that resolution.
Mr. PRRSTON KING called for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER said that the motion to suspend
the rules took precedence.
Mr. MASON asked for the reading of the reso-
lution offered by the gentleman from Kentucky,
{Mr. Caldwell;] and the resolution having been
I read, he called for the yeas and nays on the mo-
tion to suspend the rules; and they were ordered.
Pending the question,
On motion by Mr. ASHMUN,
The House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following memorials and petitions were presented
under the rule, and referred to appropriate committees:
By Mr. DISNEY: A memorial signed by Edward Ever-
ett, William H. Prcscott, George Ticknor, F. C. Gray,
Rufus Choate, Jared Sparks, C. C. Folton, Theopbilus Pax-
sons, and Henry W. Longfellow, asking; Congress to pur-
chase Hiram Powers's Emblematical Statue of America.
Also, a memorial of certain citizens of Cincinnati, asking
Congress to aid in the construction of the Ohio and Missis-
sippi Railroad.
By Mr. FOWLER: The petition of b. B. Sisson, C  a.
Church, and 204 other citizens ofWestport, Massachusetts,
i praying for the repeal of the fugitive slave law.
Also, the petition of Mrs. Lydia Window and 172 other
females, residing in the town of Westport. Massachusetts,
praying for the repeal of the fugitive slave law.
By Mr. ROCKWELL : The petition of Rev. Otis Lom-
bard and 18 other citizens of New Marlborough, Massa-
!! chusetts, for the substitution of arbitration in the place oi
, war m settling disputes among nations.
By Mr. DURKEE: The petition of the citizens of New
; Berlin, Wisconsin, relating to the establishment of a land
I ] office.
i! Also, the petition of William Pettit and others, of Wal-
worth county, praying for the immediate " repeal ot the fugi-
tive slave law," passed by Congress during the last session.
Also, two petitions from sailors, commercial men, and
citizens of the United States, immediately interested in the
commercial affairs of the northern lakes, praying for ah
appropriation to erect light-houses at Kewane and at
Bailey's Harbor, on the western shore of Lake Michigan.
Also, the petition of E. Wakely, and 91 others, of Wal-
worth county, Wisconsin, praying for the immediate repeal
of the fugitive slave law, passed by Congress during the
last session.
Also, the petition of Solomon Walter, and 176 others, of
Illinois, praying for the same.
By Mr. BOOTH: The petition of A. R. Shailer fcnd
90 other citizens of tile State of Connecticut, praying for
the reduction cf letter postage to two cents.
By Mr. STANTON, ot Kentucky: The memorial of
citizens of Washington and Georgetown, praying Congress
to incorporate a company for the purpose of introducing
into the two cities a supply of water, for the protection of
the public buildings and the use of the citizens.
By Mr. CROWELL : The petition of H. A. Miller and
others, citizens of Cuyahoga Falls, Portage county, Ohio,
prayinjMhe repeal of the fugitive slave law.
Also, the petition ofG.T. Townsend and others, citizen*
of Trumbull county, Ohio, praying the repeal of the fugi-
tive slave law.
By Mr. KAUFMAN: The petition of citizens of Texas,
for a post route from White Oak, via Woodland, Quitman,
and Balzora, to Tyler, in Smith county.
By Mr. JOHN A. KING: Memorial of Thomas Barclay
Livingston, of New York, Consul at Halifax, Nova Scotia,
asking for $1,000 annually, to defray expenses ofhis office.
By Mr. CALDWELL, of Kentucky: The petition of the
heirs of Anthony G. Willis, deceased, asking pay for the
use of a wagon and team, pressed into the^ service of the
United States during the last war with Great Britain.
Also, the petition of John Phillips, of Mercer county,
Kentucky, praying, on behalf of his son, a grant of bounty
land and extra pay on account of the services of James
Maloy, a volunteer in the second regiment Kentucky vol-
unteers in the war with Mexico.
1 IN SENATE,
j Monday, December 23, 1850.
Mr. Dawson, from the State of Georgia, ap-
' peared in his seat to-day.
j MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
I. Mr. COOPER presented the memorial of Em-
