1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
115
These are the results, but on what terms ob- !
tained is still to be stated—tor it is not to be sup-
posed that the individual stockholders have given
up their dividends without terms or conditions;
and such has not been the fact. The company
made terms, not with the United States, but with
the company itself, and with the General Assembly
of Kentucky; and these terms were, that the indi-
vidual stockholders, in lieu of dividends, should
receive six per cent, interest, or $9 on the share
annually—the share being valued at $150 each.
Under tnis process, a share cost $159 in January,
1843; in January, 1850, $313; and in January,
1851, would cost $25i3; and so go on increasing §9
annually on the share until the scheme accom-
plished itself, which would probably be about the
year 185G.
The bill proposes to pay $200 a share for the re-
maining individual stock—say 1,950 shares, after
thetirstdayof January, 1851. It is high, but consid-
erably below the present cost, and far below what it
will be before the purchase of the stock will be com-
pleted under the present pl&n. It is high, but it is the
fault of Congress that it is so. Prom the day of
the completion of the canal, the voice of the West
has been unanimous for its freedom. Congress
was annually petitioned to extinguish the interest
of private individuals, and make the canal free.
It might have been done on easy terms in the be-
ginning. A bill actually passed both Houses of
Congress about fifteen years ago to make the pur-
chase. It was during the administration of Gen-
eral Jackson,- who had urgently recommended the
measure. But the 1>H1 was in bad company, and
shared the fate of all who keep such company,
whether people or bills. It shared their fate, and
was vetoed among the rest—flagrant proof of the
mischief of incongruous con junctions. The result
of that loss of the measure has been the rise of
the stock from $117 to $222 the share, with the
certainty of its rising to about $265 in five years,
oppressing western commerce all the while, as it
already has been oppressed for eighteen years with
- * grievous tax.
The toll is enormous—fifty cents per ton, and
upon all boats, whether flat, keel, or steam, and
in all conditions, whether empty or full. The
enormity of this tax can be judged from a few
plaiu data, applicable to all boats. Thus the cost
of an Ohio river steamboat, complete for running,
is about eighty dollars per ton; and the number of
. times that she pays fifty cents upon that eighty
dollars depends upon the number of times that she
passes the canal. This is different, according to
the ports to which the boats may trade. Between
St. Louis and Louisville most frequent, because
, ~the tjro nearest main ports, making the round trip
every week: between Cincinnati and St. Louis
next, doing the round trip in eight days: then
Pittsburg «Rd St. Louis next, doing the trip in i
two weeks: and then all the Ohio boats above the
canal, going to New Orleans, and making the trip
up and down on an average of three weeks to four.
In this way some of the boats have fo pay the tax
. twice a week; some twice in eight days; others
twice in two weeks; and others again twice in
three or four weeks. If the boat only had to pay
it once, and went free the remainder of her life, it
might do—there might be no great ground of com-
- plaint. But such repetition, so rapid and inces-
sant—twice a week at the shortest, and twice in 1
three or four weeks at the longest—and the aggre- ■
gate becomes enormous.
Let us illustra'e the operation of this tax in its
application to a single boat—one plying between
. St. Louis and Louisville, and of medium size, two
hundred tons—although the size makes no differ-
ence, the tax "being on the ton, and the tonnage
cost of the boat the same. A boat of this size
will cost $16,000, and, making the round trip
weekly, will pay $200 a week. Suppose six weeks
to be lost by ice in the rivers, and ten or eleven
deducted for passages over Falls when the Ohio is
above the common stage, and we may have forty
weeks in the year in which to pay the tax—forty
times $200! that is, $8,000. This is half the cost
of the boat! In two years she pays in taxes for
going through the canal her whole cost, and so on,
every two years as long as she runs ! And this ,
holds good of all boats in the St. Louis and Lou-
isville trade; and, with some deduction for less
. frequent voyages, is the case with all the boats
which navigate the Ohio. Such a tax is enormous j
and frightful. It loses the character of a tax, and >
takes that of a fine, a mulct, a penalty, inflicted
on the boat for a trespass. Yet this fine exists—
has existed for near twenty years—the United
States receiving her proportion of the penalties—
and thus pocketing fines upon western commerce
and western traveling; for the amount levied on
the boat is necessarily reimbursed to the boat by
a levy on the freight and passengers.
It is time to put an end to such enormities, and
my bill proposes to do it, and that effectually and
immediately. The first section directs the remis-
sion of the tolls on all the stock held by the United
States in its own name. That is 2,903 shares,
being upwards of a fourth and nearly a third of
the whole: so that the proposed immediate re-
mission would be a relief to that amount. The
second section authorizes and directs the Secreta-
ry of the Treasury to purchase the remaining in-
dividual stock, and appropriates $390,000, or $200
a share, for that purpose, and remits all tolls upon
that event, except what are necessary to the pres-
ervation of the canal. The third section author-
izes the Secretary of the Treasury to receive a
transfer of the stock purchased under the opera-
tion of the law of Kentucky of 1842, and to accept
the sole ownership of the canal upon the terms of
that act. The fourth section is one of precaution
only, and for which there will probably be no
necessity, but which is added to complete the
structure of the bill, and to insure the success of
its object. It applies to stock purchased in trust
for the United States, and with the money of the
United States, and, so far as I know, without the
consent of the United States. It was a thing done
under an act of the General Assembly of Ken-
tucky, and by a resolve of the private stockhold-
ers. The United States seem to have had noth-
ing to do with it; but I propose to sanction the ar-
rangement, and to provide for its fulfillment. Of
the stock so purchased in trust, upwards of the
one-third, and near the one-half—to be precise, as
2.902 is fo 7.098—belongs to the United States,
and being purchased with her money, needs no
trustee to hold it for her, except upon the condi-
tion of complying with the act of Kentucky, to
which she was not a party. The bill which I
propose to introduce provides for that compliance;
so that the only object which the Kentucky Legis-
lature had in view will be accomplished.
I have now presented the evil, Mr. President,
1 and the remedy; the evil a grievous oppression
, upon western commerce—the remedy an immedi- |
ate relief from that oppression by an expenditure
of $390,000 out of the public Treasury. Western
commerce has itself extinguished the private stock
down to that amount by the enormous tolls which
it has been paying. Will Congress grant this
sum to cure such an evil ? Will it do this little
for internal, while doing so much for external
commerce? I do not complain of what is done
for foreign commerce; but I deem it fair on this
occasion to compare the two branches of com-
merce together—external and internal—and to see
the merits of each, and how little is done for one
and how much for the other. I assume the in-
ternal commerce of the United States to be greater
than its external, and to employ more people, and
to be more innocent in its transaction, because it
involves us with no foreign power; and less oner-
ous in its care, because it requires the protection
of no fleets, nor the guardianship of ambassadors
and consuls, and but little aid from forts, light-
houses, sea-walls, or breakwaters. Foreign com-
merce, on the contrary, draws heavily and annu-
ally upon all these sources of danger to the Gov-
ernment or expense to the Treasury. The sum
estimated for the support of the Navy—chiefly kept
up for the protection of foreign commerce, and
for defence in the wars in which it may involve
us-—is, for the ensuing year, $6,420,854 61. For
oupport of the light-house establishment the esti-
mates are, for the oil and lighting, $152,081 59; for
repairs of light-houses, $89,698 64; for expenses
of light-boats, $86,815 24; for expenses of beacons
and buoys, $37,008 02; for annual salaries of light-
house keepers, $119,403 33J; for completion of
light-houses, $33,000. Support of ministers and
consuls, $280,000; support of seamen abroad,
$125,000; for the coast survey, $360,000; for con-
tinuing the Delaware breakwater, $50,000; besides
$250,000 to beein it, and five previous continua-
tions of $270,000, $100,000, $100,000, $140,000,
and $150,000.
Those are some of the expenses incurred, and
■ that annually, for the protection of foreign com-
merce—not all, but the greater part, except the
wars in which this protection sometimes involves
i us—as that of 1812 with Great Britain, authenti-
cally proclaimed for free trade and sailors' rights.
I do not cite these items of4 expenditure, great
as they are, for the purpose of objecting to them,
but to show how lavish we are of the public money
in support of external commerce; and in that point
of view, and as the highest illustration of our care
over foreign commerce, I must notice, a little in
detail, one of the items of appropriations which I
have tjuoted—that for the coast survey. This
work in the British service is done by the Navy.
It is under the direction of naval officers, and is
1 executed by the men and the ships of the Navy.
But with us the Navy is not trusted with it. It is
done by a civil superintendent, and under the sup-
position that it will be more skillfully done than if
: under the direction of a naval officer. I do not
' meddle with the question of the capacity or inca-
pacity of our naval officers to do what is done by
British officers. My business now is with Con-
gress, and to show its extraordinary care over the
interests of foreign commerce. This is a preemi-
nent instance of that care. Upon the assumption
that a civil superintendent can direct the work
more skillfully than a naval, officer—upon an as-
sumption that our naval officers cannot do this
work well enough—upon that mere assumption,
hardly amounting to suspicion, and that against
Erobability—a director from civil life is put at the
ead of the business—a new bureau, almost
amounting to a department, is created, demanding
this year $300,000, actually costing $406,000 for
. the current year; although the whole cost for the
first thirty years of the business was only about
, $320,000. The large sum demanded last year was
• voted without a word; the large sum demanded
this year will doubtless go with equal readiness,
and without the necessity of a word from anybody.
, And all this, not because the naval officers cannot
do the work, but upon the assumption that a civil
i superintendent can do it better. Such is the ex-
traordinary care of Congress to provide for the
ease, safety, and convenience of foreign commerce,
while oppressing the domestic commerce of the
West for twenty years with a tax amounting to a
fine, and now hesitating to grant one year's amount
■ of the appropriation for the coast survey to relieve
I that commerce from that infliction. Western com-
1 merce, by paying the tax itself, has forced the
i canal down to $390,000. Will Congress do the
rest ?
To obviate all other objections, and to satisfy
the most scrupulous, either on the point of money
j or the Constitution, I have to say that the United
! States has received back in dividends, paid into
j the Treasury before 1842, the sum of $257,778—
J being $24,278 more than the stock cost her; and
1 that the State of Kentucky, on the condition of
making the canal free—except for its expenses—
has by a legislative act vested the jurisdiction of
the canal in the United States.
I now ask leave to bring in the bill.
, A KILL to remit the tolls on the United States stock in
the Louisville and Portland Canal Company, and to pur-
chase the shares of individual stockholders, and to make
! the navigation of said canal free.
Be it enacted, tyc., That the tolls accruing on two thou-
sand nine hundred and two shares of United States stock in
the Louisville and Portland Canal Company shall be re-
mitted in favor of all boats on wl'ich the same shall accrue,
and no collection shall he niade thereof.
Sec. 2. Jind he if farther enacted. That the Secretaryof
the Treasury be, and he hereby is, authorized and directed
to purchase for the United States, at such fair and equita-
ble price as he shall agree upon, the remains due of the
stock held by individuals in the said canal company; and the
sum of three hundred and ninety thousand dollars is appro-
priated out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated to defray the expense of such purchase; and upon
every share so purchased the collections of tolls shall im-
1 mediately cease, and the amount thereof be remitted in fa-.
vor of the boats on which the same accrued.
Sfc. 3. -Anti be it farther enacted, That, immediately on
, completing the purchase for the United States of the re-
maining stock held bv individuals in said canal company,
the Secretary of the Treasury of the United States shall de-
1 mand and receive from the directors of said company a
t!ansfer of all the shares therein which shall have been
purchased in trust for the United States, under the act of
the General Assembly of Kentucky of February 21, 1842,
' amendatory of the charter of said canal company; and
thereafter no other or higher tolls shall ever he collected'on
boats or craft passing said canal than shall be sufficient to
keep the same in repair, and pay all necessary superin-
tendence. custody, and expenses; and a report of the rate
of tolls so imposed, and of the amount collected, and a de-
tailed report of the expenditures for repairs, superinteud-
* cnee, custody, and expenses, and of the boats passing the
