116
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 23,
same, abaU be lanuaily, en tlx dm day ofJanuary, by him
laid before Congress.
Sec. 4, *ind bt it further enacted, That if within ninety
days after the passage of this act, the whole of the stock in
said canal, purchased in trust to the United States, shall
be'transferred to her, and if the whole remaining stock
held by individuals shall not be sold to the United States,
then an immediate remission shall be made of all tolls ac-
eruini, and as much of the stock so purchased in trust as
•hall have been purchased with the money arising from
dividend* belonging to the United States; and the Secre-
tary of the Treasury shall forthwith cause all the stock so
held or acquired to be fully voted upon, am] the tolls to be
reduced to amount necessary for the repairs, preser-
vation, and management of the canal.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Of course I do
not propose to object to the leave asked by the
Senator to introduce his bill, nor to discuss the
bill on this occasion. But one or two remarks
-which he made require a brief reply. Though
not connected with the subject of the bill, the Sen-
ator has made an argument against the coast sur-
vey. He claims that its present organization is
based on an assumption, a bare assumption, that
the NaTy is not able to do the work required for
the coast survey. It is no assumption—it is the
result of experience. The coast survey was origin-
ally under the control of the Treasury Depart-
ment. It was turned over to the Navy Depart-
ment, and broke down in its hands. It has since
.been restored to the Treasury Department, under
the administration of which it has become a work
honorable to this country and admired in others.
Sir, the coast survey is not merely a hydro-
graphical work. Indeed the kind of work which
'it performs would incline me to believe that, if it
were to be transferred to another department, it
should be to the Army and not to*the Navy—the
topographical being more important than the hy-
drographical part of the work. Nor is it for com-
merce alone that the coast is surveyed. It is
essentially necessary for national defence that we
should have accurate charts of our coast, and that
we should have them made upon great principles,
which will determine even future changes, as far
as the wisdom of man is capable of doing so.
But a word or two in relation to this canal.
Some five years ago, in the House of Representa-
tives, a member, then from the State of Kentucky,
made the same proposition now submitted by the
Senator from Missouri. I objected to it then
upon the ground that I could see no great differ-
ence between that proposition and a proposition
to construct a canal within the limits of a State. I
objected to it further, because the proceeds which
were said to accrue to the United States I found !
were invested in stock in the canal. The dividends
which the Federal Government should have re- 1
eeived being invested in stock, by direction of ;
the company in whose hands was the exclusive
control, it was apparent, however objectionable it
might be to the Government, that these processes
steadily going on, would soon exhaust the stock
of individuals and leave the canal in the hands of
the Government of the United States.
I then proposed to that member that all the
stock owned by the United States in that canal
. should be surrendered to the company, upon con-
ditions that the tolls of the canal should be reduced
in proportion to the reduction made in the capital
stock by the Federal Government surrendering
its shares. He refused to accede to the proposi-
tion.
If the United States can buy a canal they can
certainly build one. Then, with more zeal than
now, it" might be argued that the canal is insuffi-
cient for the commerce of the river. The Gov-
ernment would be called upon to "widen the canal,
to increase the size of locks, to deepen it, and other
things desirable. After all that should be done,
it would devolve upon the Government to keep up
an establishment of officers within the State of
Kentucky and keep the canal in repair. I much
prefer that this work within the limits of Kentucky
should belong to that State. The officers on the
canal should be appointed by the State. This
bill presents another means of multiplying Fed-
eral officers and stretching the influence of the
Federal Government still further over the States.
I object to it for that reason.
I nave no doubt also that the work would be
more economically improved by the company
than by the Federal Government. I hold that if
the Federal Government were to construct any
work to overcome the Falls of the Ohio, it should
be constructed upon the great national highway,
upon the river itself, and not within the jurisdic-
tion of a State. It seems to me that the objection
entertained from the time this question was first
brought to my notice, is good and valid to the bill
now proposed.
Leave to introduce the bill was then granted.
It was read a first and second time by its title, and
referred, with some papers in relation to the mat-
ter, to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
BILLS FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives by Mr. Young, their Clerk:
Mr. Presidbot: The House of Representatives have
passed bills of the following titles:
An act for the reliefof the legal representatives of Colonel
Willis Reddick, deceased;
An act for the reliefof William Slocum,of New York; in
whieh they ask the concurrence of the Senate.
The bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Colonel Willis Riddick, deceased, was read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
The bill for the relief of William Slocum, of
New York, was read a first a second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Pensions.
REMOVALS FROM OFFICE.
The hour having arrived for the consideration
' of the special orders, the Chair announced the
first in order to be the resolution of the Senator
from Maine, [Mr.BRADBURY,] respecting removals
from office.
Mr. BRIGHT. Mr. President, on that subject
I believe I am entitled to the floor; but I propose
at this time not to detain the Senate. Since the
floor was awarded to me I have not been able to
collect some official documents which I deem im-
portant, and which I desire to bring into this dis-
cussion, and therefore I hope there will be no
objection on the part of the Senate to giving me a
little further time to procure them. I therefore
move the further postponement of this resolution
until Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, in accordance
with the notice I gave some days ago, I now pro-
pose to take up Senate bill No. 346, " to ascertain
and settle the private land claims in California."
The subject is one of great importance to my con-
stituents, and to the whole country,and cannot be
too speedily acted on. It is well known that there
is much excitement and exasperation of feeling on
the subject of land claims in California, which can
only be allayed by the passage of a bill through
Congress for the settlement of these claims. As
an evidence, of the state of feeling on the subject,
I have just received a note from a gentleman, a
resident of California, now in this city, which I
will read to the Senate. I know nothing of the
facts stated, never having heard of them until I re-
j ceived the note:
" It appears by my last advices from Sacramento that
the parties there claiming under Capt. Sutter have not only
succeeded in obtaining authority from the courts to eject a
settler from the house which his own hands have built upon
what he believes to be public domain, but have also got
judgment for a considerable amount as back rent and dam-
ages, for the alleged unlawful withholding of the premises
against the rightful owner, as assignee of Sutter.
" But, in addition to all this, the parties who became bail
for the settler, when he appealed from the city recorder's
court to the county court, are now required to pay the full
amount of said bail (say fifteen hundred dollars) a-* indem-
nity to the Sutter claimant, for alleged depreciation in the
value of the property occurring during the pendency of the
trial."
I take no part in the unfortunate collisions that
have occurred in California. They are to be'de-
plored by every good citizen. I have brought this
note before the Senate not to take sides in this
controversy, but to show the necessity of imme-
diate action on the bill I propose to take up for
consideration.
Mr. BELL. Is it proposed to postpone all the
special orders?
The PRESIDENT. It is proposed to postpone
all thespecial orders,and all the bills before it upon
the calendar.
Mr. BELL. Does the Senator from California
propose to discuss and act upon it at this time?
Mr. GWIN. I desire the Senate to act upon it
now; but I hope it will not lead to any lengthened
discussion.
Mr. BELL. Will that displace the special or-
ders ?
The PRESIDENT. The special orders will
come up on aubsequent days, at the usual hour.
Mr. GWIN. The only effect of agreeing to this
motion will be to postpone them for the present.
Mr. BELL. I whs only disposed to object, in-
asmuch as I imagined it might postpone them in-
definitely.
Mr. WALKER. I have an objection to the
superseding of the special orders. It is known to
the Senate that the Senator from Michigan [Mr.
Felch] was to have taken th.e floor on Tuesday
last uoon one of the special orders. I allude to a
bill Which proposes to cede the public lands of the
United States to the States respectively in which
they are situated, on condition that the said States
shall severally grant and convey the said lands to
actual occupants only in limited quantities for cost
of survey, transfer, and title muniments merely.
That bill has been postponed from day to day by
such motions as this, to take up special matters,
and by such motions as have been made by the
Senator from North Carolina, [Mr. Badger,} to
adjourn over from Thursday until Monday. I
hope we shall now proceed in the regular manner
to the consideration of the special orders, and get
through with them. I hope that course will be
pursued.
Mr. GWIN. The bill was under consideration
at the last session. It is one of great importance,
and should be acted upon immediately. I do not
think it will give rise to much discussion. I hope
it will be passed speedily. Indeed, it is necessary
that several measures relating to the affairs of
California, should be pressed through the Sen-
ate at an early period. I received a letter this
morning from a gentleman who is intrusted with
agencies by inhabitants from California, who
states that great injustice will be done if the land
titles in California are not settled speedily, if, in
deed, there were not personal collision in that
State arising out of that subject. It is a subject
of pressing necessity, and I feel it to be my duty
to press it upon the Senate. If there be any ob-
jection, I shall call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DOWNS. Mr. President, I dislike very
j much to oppose the motion made by the honorable
■Senator from California; but I think the practice
of the Senate in relation to matters of this kind,
should be uniform. The other day I-made a mo-
tion not to take up the bill at the time, but to make
it a special order for a future day, that would be
i most convenient to the Senate; a bill as important,
j perhaps, to mv State, as the one to which he re-
| ferg is to California. I was informed that the
Senate had adopted the practice of proceeding with
the calendar regularly, and not making special
orders. On that ground alone the motion was re-
fused by a vote of the Senate. I think it is an
unfortunate practice, as I stated the other day, and
I think it must be departed from. If we are gov-
erned by that rule, however important the case
maybe, to get at it we shall be obliged to go through
wjtn the whole calendar, which we will not do
unless the Senate proceed with much greater ra-
pidity than they have heretofore done. We cannot
touch it under this practice until it comes up in
regular order. I thought the other day, as I still
think, that this body, like all other legislative
bodies, ought to exercise a sound discretion in
taking up such important measures out of their
: order as they think the exigencies of the country
I require. But, whatever may be determined upon,
1 I want the practice uniform. I do not wish a prac-
tice extended to one Senator on one subjeet which
I is not extended to another. I know very well
j that it would be convenient, and perhaps just, that
i the ordinary business should be taken up on the
calendar as it comes; but I urged the other day,
and I urge now again, that it is often necessary
that a day should be designated for the special
consideration of important measures. The most
urgent measures might be proposed; bills requiring
early action; as, for instance, for want of appro-
priation, the very per diem might run out; but
according to thepreatice proposed to be established
we could not touch it until we go through three or
four hundred bills on the calendar to get to it. I
always thought that the rules were for the con-
venience of the Senate and to promote its business.
But I think this would be a very inconvenient rule.
I opposed it the other day, and I hope the Senate
will now take the matter into consideration again.
While I may be told that the Sehate generally re-
fuses to make special orders, I think the Senate
ought not to give up the power of controlling its
