1850.
TOE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tn
business and of making important measures special I
orders. 1 will therefore vote for the motion under j
consideration,.and whatever the Senate may decide '
will, I hope, be regarded as a uniform rule.
Mr. DaVIS, of Mississippi. Mr. President, I
shall show to the Senator from Louisiana my dis-
rtsition to have a uniform practice by the vote
shall give. He will find me quite consistent in
objecting to all these attempts to make special or-
ders. I would not, however, adopt the rule, and
run to the extreme he supposes, of taking it out
of the power of the Senate to make special orders.
I would let them have the power to do so, but I
would make going through the calender in regular
order the practice. I think we shall get on much
more rapidly with the business of the Dody by ad-
hering to the calendar, for there will then be a
strong inducement on the part of every one who
has a bill on the calendar just below the* one before
the Senate, to prevent any idle discussion upon it.
But when you take up a bill out of its order and
make it a special order, those persons who are in-
terested in a special order, and that only, expend
as much time as they think proper.
As to the difficulty of one not being prepared to
argue his case, I have only to sav that when his
case is reached and he is not then prepared, I
would be willing to let him have his bill made a
special order for some future day, because that
would violate no right of a previous bill. That is
all I think any one has a ri ht to demand. No
one has a right to claim priority over business
thai has been brought before the Senate previously.
I shall vote against this proposition to make a
special order.
The PRESIDENT. The proposition is not to
make the bill referred to a special order. It is to
take up a bill.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. It makes no dif-
ference whether the bill is to be considered now,
or made a special order.
Mr. DOWNS. The effect is the same.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. It amounts to
the same thing. The same principle is involved in
both cases. If a case should arise, such as the
Senator has referred to—of the appropriation for
the per diem running out, and our pay being
stopped—there need be no fear that we would
make that an exception to a rale, if we had a rule
on the subject. [Laughter.]
The question by yeas and nays being taken on
the motion, resulted:
TEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Brad-
bury, Cass, Clarke, Clay, Cooper, Davis of Massachusetts,
Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Downs,
£ wing, Foote, Greene, Gwin, Mangum, MorbuuSebastian,
Seward, Shields, Smith, SouM, Sturgeon, and Wales—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Borland, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson,
Felch, Hamlin, Jones, King, Mason, Norris, Phelps,
Pratt, Tumey, Underwood, Upham, Walker, and Whit-
comb—16.
So the motion to take up the bill was agreed to. :
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will Btate the
condition of the bill. There appears to have been
an amendment offered at the last session by the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Ewikc,] which will now
be considered.
Mr. GWIN. Thatamendment ic tfce onewhich
I now propose. Originally it was offered by the
Senator from Ohio. It was ordered to be printed,
and I now propose it to a substitute for the whole
hill.
The PRESIDENT. The proposition of the
Senator from California- is to strike out all after
the enacting clause, and insert the substitute which
has been printed, and which will be read.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, the bill offered
by my colleague [Mr. Fremont] at the last ses-
sion to settle land claims in California is defective,
in my opinion, first, as to the time and places of1
the sittings of the commission; second, giving the
commission power to act upon claims that have
originated since the war under the local govern-
ments that existed in the country up to the treaty
of peace; and thirdly, not conferring upon the
United States the right of appeal from the decis-
ions of the board. With these exceptions, I am
in favor of the bill, and the substitute I have of-
fered varies but little with the exceptions stated
from the other provisions of the bill.
The original bill locates the points at which the
commission shall sit; and specifies the days when :
it shall meet. My substitute gives the power to
the President to order the sitting of the-board at'
such points a* the public interests may require. I
This is certainly an improvement, for we know
not when it may be necessary to quiet the com-
munity by having the land claims in that vicinity
acted on without delay by the board. The original
bill puts off the meeting of the board at Sacremento
to October next, when, in my opinion, it should
meet there immediately on its organization.
2dly. 1 do not think any power should be given
to the board to decide on land claims that nave j
originated since the war. We know that there :
can be no legal claims since that time, for after the
conquest of the country on the 7th of July, 1846,
no power had the right to create land claims but
the Government of the United States, and, as we
know, none have originated under the action of
that Government. Every land claim of this char-
acter is illegal, and was created without authority
of law. The board of commissioners should have
cognizance of no such claims, but they should be
confirmed, if at all, by the direct action of Con-
gress. I know there are claims of this character
that, in my opinion, Congress, with probably
some limitations, ought to confirm, and I shall call
the attention of the Senate to them at an early day.
3dly. The right of appeal from the decision of
the board should be granted to the United States
as well as to the claimant. The property in con-
troversy amounts to hundreds of millions of dol-
lars. There is much excitement in California in
regard to private land claims. There is a sus-
picion in the country that some are fraudulent and
others defective, ana ought not to be confirmed.
All parties are willing to let the Supreme Court
of the United States act finally on these claims.
And if a law is passed restricting the right of ap-
peal to that tribunal, it will create great dissatis-
faction in the country, and the board of commis-
sioners will be looked" upon with suspicion from
the beginning to the end of their labors. There
are a hundred thousand American citizens in that
country who have no land, and who are anxiously
awaiting the determination of the private land
claims, that they may settle on the public lands,
and avail themselves of the donation or preemp-
tion law. Any act of Congress that will create
the suspicion in the minds of these people that the
owners of private land claims are favored by it to
the prejudice of the United States, under whom
they expect to hold lands, will create a fierce com-
motion in the country. I wish to avoid this, and
therefore propose to amend the bill by granting
the right of appeal to both parties.
These are the material points of difference in
the bill of my colleague ahd that proposed by me.
In regard to the details, we do not differ, and the
bill I now propose Was prepared after consultation
between us, leaving the questions above referred
to to be settled by the Senate.
The Secretary read the substitute for the ori-
ginal bill as modified, and the question being taken
on its adoption it was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The bill is still before the
Senate in Committee of the Whole, and is open
to amendment.
Mr. BENTON. Mr. President, I was engaged
in reading over the substitute for the bill when the
question was taken. I had not made up my mind
about the operation of the amendment. I wish to
look a little more deeply into it, and I would pre-
fer to have some one who voted for the substitute
move a reconsideration of the vote.
The PRESIDENT It will be in the power of
the Senator to move any amendment after the sub-
stitute is reported to the Senate.
The bill was then reported to the Senate.
Mr. GWIN. I move to amend the bill in the
tenth line of the fourth section by inserting after
the word "claimant" the words "or the district^
attorney."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENTON. I now move to postpone the
further consideration of the bill till to-morrow, and
to make it a special order for that day.
Mr. WALKER. I hope that it will not be
made the special order for to-morrow, if the effect
will be to cause it to take the place of other special
orders which have already been made.
Mr. GWIN. I hope there will be no objection
to its being made the special order for to-morrow,
for I believe there will be little or no discussion.
I havp a perfect confidence that if the Senator from
Missouri wishes to offer an amendment the Senate
will agree to it. There is no new principle in this
bill making it to differ from those of a similar
character which have been passed during the last
forty years.
Mr. MANGUM. As the substitute for the
original bill has been modified since it was printed,
and an additional section has been added, I move
that it be printed.
Mr. EWING. I propose to amend the bill by
striking out after the word "shall," in the 30th
line of the 7th section, down to the end of the
32d line, the words " ipso facto revert to the public
domain, saving for a time not exceeding ■
years the rights of infants, feme-covertes, and in-
sane persons," and inserting the words " be treat-
ed as a part of the public domain." As it now
' stands it says the land " shall revert to the public
domain." This is what we cannot do. Wecan-
' make the land that is vested revert.
The amendment was agreed to.
The question was then taken on the motion to
print the bill as amended, and it was agreed to.
The motion to make the further consideration
of the bill the special order for to-morrow was also
agreed to.
CHRISTMAS HOLIDAYS.
Mr. GWIN. There are several Executive
communications which I should like to have act-
; ed upon to-day, and if there is no other pressing
' business I would move to proceed to the consider-
I ation of executive business.
! Mr. WALKER. There are some special or-
ders which I should like to have reached and ta-
ken up.
Mr. MANGUM. At the request of several
gentlemen I move that when the Senate adjourns
it adjourn to meet on Thursday next. I under-
stand that the other branch of Congress has ad-
journed to meet on that day.
i Mr. FOOTE. I hope that motion will prevail;
[ We all want a little respite.
Mr. BADGER. I am very much in favor of
j that motion, so much so that I desire that we may
have the yeas and nays upon the question.
Mr. WALKER, (playfully.) I Would like to
know which way the Senator from North Caro-
lina intends to vote. I see that North Carolina is
to ruin us yet; there is no question about it.
The yeas and nays were then taken, as follows:
: YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bell, Benton, Bor-
land, Butler, Clay, Clemens, Cooper, Dawson, Donglas,
Ewing, Felch, Foote, King, Mangum, Mason, Morton,
Phelps, Pratt, Shields, Smith, Soulg, Upham, and Wales—
NAYS—Messrs. Baldwin, Bradbury, Bright, Clarke,
Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Mississippi, Dodgft of
Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Downs, Greene, Hamlin, Nor-
ris, Sebastian, Seward, Sturgeon, Turney, Underwood,
' Walker, and Whitcomb—19.
So the motion was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. GWIN, the Senate then
proceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
aess, and after some time spent therein the door*
were reopened and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 26, 1650.
The House met at twelve o'clock. The Jour-'
nal of Monday was read and approved.
Mr. DOTY, of Wisconsin, appeared in his seat;
to-day.
Mr. FEATHERSTON asked the unanimous'
consent to introduce a resolution; which was read
for information, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be requested
to inform this House as soon as practicable, whether one
Charles Borland, a citizen of the State of Ohio, has been
employed and sent by the Government as its agent or at-
torney to collect, by suit or otherwise, the bonds for which
the Choctaw Orphan Reserve lands were sold in the State
of Mississippi; and if so, under what law, or by what au-
thority, and what id to be his compensation, and how paid.
Also, to communicate to this House whether said Borland'
has been instructed to take the collection of said claims
liom the district attorney of the United States for the north-
ern district of Mississippi, and if so, forwhat reason. Also,
to inform the House whether the said Borland has been au-
thorized to compromise with said debtors by receiving less
than the sums due by contract, and whether he has been
instructed to dispose of a part of said orphan lands by lease ,
sale, or otherwise, and if so, under what authority or by
what law such instructions have been issued.
Mr. MATTESON objected to the introduction
of the resolution.
Mr. FEATHERSTON. Do I understand that
there is any objection ?
The SPEAKER. There is objection.
Mr. FEATHERSTON. And by a friend of
the Administration, I suppose.
The SPEAKER. No remarks ore in order.
