118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 26,
GRANT OF LAND TO PENNSYLVANIA. |
Mr. ItEED, bv unanimous consent, introduced .
a bill, of which previous notice had Ixen given,
granting a portion of public lands to the State of
Pennsylvania to aid in the construction of a rail-
road therein; whi-'h was read a first and second
time bv its title, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
REORGANIZATION OF STATE DEPARTMENT.
Mr. MeCLERNAND, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill, of wh.ch previous notice had been
give.i, to rejrcunize and improve the efiieiency of
the Department of S'ate: \\ liieh was read a iirst
and second time bv its title, and referred to the
Committee on Foreign A Hairs.
GRANT OF LANDS.
Mr. McMullen, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill, (No. -4"-J0,) of which previous notice
had been given, making a grant of landvon cer-
tain conditions, to the Virginia and Tennessee
Railroad Company, to aid lit the construction of ■
their road; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
REPORT ON NATURAL PRODUCTIONS. &C.
Mr. CHANDLER asked the unanimous con-
sent to introduce a resolution; which was read for
information, as follows:
Rt terd, That the Secretary of the Interior be requited
to inform this House whether, in his opinion, any branch
of the public service would be aided in the discharge of its
% duties, or any public interest ot' the United States essen-
tially benefited hj a report on the natural productions, in-
vention*. manufactures, and other works ot industry which
will be displayed at the industrial exhibition to be held in
London in 1851; and if so, what will be the probable cost
of obtaining such report ?
Objection was made to the introduction of the
resolution; and it was not received.
Mr. JONES called for the regular order of busi-
ness.  
Mr. POTTER said that there was a joint reso-
* lution on the Speaker's table which he desired the
House to take up and dispose of. It was the joint
resolution to provide for the appointment of an
agent to receive bids for the postal service in Cali-
fornia and Oregon.
Objection was made by several, and the motion
wai not entertained.
The SPEAKER said that the regular order of
business having been called for, reports from the
committees were in order.
tHANGE OP VENUE.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, from the 1
Judiciary Committee, reported back with an j
amendment, Senate bill No. 2, entitled "An act to
authorize a change of venue in certain cases."
Mr. T. said that he desired that the bill should !
be put upon its passage immediately, because if i
it laid over at the present time, he feared that it
would never be called up a^ain.
The bill was read,as follows:
AN ACT to authorize the change of venue in certain
rnse-*.
Be it enacted by the Senate fnd Hou*e of Representa-
tice$ of the United State* of America in Congreit iutem-
ilei, That in any civil cane at law or equity, noK- pending,
or whirli may hereafter be pending, in the courts of the
United States for the District of Columbia, either original
or appellate, except from justices of the peace or magis-
trates, in which is in vol ved the construction and effect of
the Constitution of the I'nit.'d States, or of any law of the
United States, the record thereof, and all the proceeding*
thereon, may be transmitted to the circuit court of the Uni-
ted States in and for the district of Maryland, or in and for
the district of Virginia, under the terms and provisions of
this act; and the same, when so transmitted to either of
the last-mentioned courts, may and shall be proceeded in
nil if tile same had been instituted and commenced in such
court, and as if said court had bad full and complete juris-
diction in and over the same.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the provisions
of the first section shall only apply to the case therein re-
— ferred to, in which the party, or parties, to such case, or
come counsel, or agent, for such party or parties, shall sug-
gest in writing to the court in said District of Columbia,
supported by affidavit, that he or she believes thathe or she
cannot have a fair and impartial trial of said case in said
court of the District of Columbia.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That all the proceed-
ing* thus liad before the district court of Columbia, shall be
certified to the Chief Ju-tice of the United States; and
thereupon, the said Chief Justice may, in his discretion,
order the record and proceedings in the aforesaid ease to be
transmitted either to the circuit court for Maryland or Vir-
Hec. 4. And be it further enacted, That a motion, or
«ug e*tion, for a change of venue, as provided aforesaid,
•hall be preceded by a notice on the opposite party, in eases
to be-hereafter pending, at least ten days before the trial of
the case aforesaid.
The SPEAKER. The Committee on the Ju-
diciary reported an amendment, to strike out all
after the enacting clause and insert the following:
'• Skctios I. That the civil and equity cases now jiend-
ing. and such as hereafter amy be instituted in the l nited
States Circuit Court for the District of Columbia, in which
the next of kin or legal representatives ot' H-neral Thad-
deus Koseituko are, or may hereafter l> , either parties
complainants or de:endants, may and shall be removed
from said United States Circuit Court for the District of
Columbia to the United States Ciicuit Court for the district
of Mar> land, sitting in Baltimore city, upon application ol'
either party or parties, or any counsel, attorney or solicitor
of such party or parties, made to the clerk of the United
States Circuit Court of the District of Columbia, and sup-
ported by an affidavit that there is reason to believe that a
lair and impartial trial in said court for the District of Co-
lumbia cannot bv had.
"Sec.9. Be it fuither enacted. That the foregoing pro-
vision shall extend to the original and appellate cases from
the Orphans' Court for the county of V\ ashington, District
of Columbia ; and that the clerk of the said United States
Circuit Court for the District of Columbia shall, immedi-
ately upon tile application provided for by the foregoing sec-
tiou, transmit to the clerk of the United States Circuit Court
for the district of .Marj land, all the pleadings, records, docu-
ments, and evidences relating and pertaining to tile ca-r or
ca>es to be removed. Whereupon, said United States Cir-
cuit Court for the district of Maryland may and shall pro-
ceed, as if tiie same had been liisututed or commenced in
such court; and the said court shall have full and ample
jurisdiction over the said case or cases : Provided, hou-cver,
That the counsel, attorney, or solicitor of the party or par-
ties removing the case or cases from the United States Cir-
cuit Court for the District of Columbia to the United States
Circuit Court for the district of Maryland, prove to the
satisfaction of the last-mentioned court, that notice thereof
had been given to the opposite party or parties, or their
counsel, attorney, or solicitor, at least twenty days before
any proceeding in tile United States Circuit Court for the
district of Maryland shall have been had thereon."
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, moved to
modify the amendment of the committee, by stri-
king out the second section thereof.
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana. I wish to make an
inquiry. I believe this bill, «s it came from the
Senate, was general in its principles—providing
for changes of venue in cases generally, where
there is any sufficient cause. I desire to ask the
chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary, why
the committee have so changed the bill as to make
it applicable to a special and particular case,-and
not to general cases ?
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania. The
reason for the change is simply this: The bill from
the Senate provides for the removal of cases from
this District to the United States courts for the
districts of Maryland and Virginia. The com-
mittee were of the opinion that the removal of cases
provided for by this bill was unconstitutional.
The reasons for that opinion were these: The
United States court, or what is called the United
States court here, is, in fact, a municipal court—
a local court—answering the puiposes of a. State
court within State jurisdiction. Congress having
exclusive legislation here, of course any court
created for the District of Columbia was called a
United States court, where it had simply the ju-
risdiction of a municipality, and such jurisdiction
as the same courts have within the territory of a
State.
Now, sir, the difficulty in providing for a gen-
eral system of removal is this: It is provided—as
we all know—that in the United States courts
withjn the States, the jurisdiction of personal
actions arises only when one of the parties resides
in a foreign jurisdiction. To authorize removals
of cases from this District to the United States
jurisdiction, merely local questions, or controver-
sies, would be tried without regard to whether the
parties, or either of them, were foreign to the
court. Two persons in the District of Columbia
might sue each other and have their cases removed
to a State's court and tried, while no such thing
could be done in the States. Actions of slander,
^ssault and battery, or trespass, between persons
of the same State, would go into the district or
circuit court.
The consequence of that was, that if you al-
lowed them to remove a cause from this District
to Maryland or to Virginia, you would have suits
begun here by persons living within the same ju-
risdiction and tried within the States of Maryland
and Virginia. In other words, a citizen of the
District of Columbia would require the United
States court within the State to try a cause be-
tween citizens of the same community, when they
could not try a cause between citizens in the same
State. The United States court was so constitu-
ted that persons must be foreign to the juri'sdic-
tion, either plaintiff or defendant, and here within
the jurisdiction of this court they were not foreign
to the jurisdiction. The result would be, if they
were allowed to remove their cases, citizens of the
District of Columbia could go into a district court
and change the venue, where no two citizens could
go into a State of the Union, being residents of
the same State, and have their controversy tried,
unless it involved the. construction of an act of
Congress, the Constitution, or a treaty.
The section we have reported was first put into
the hands of my colleague, [Mr. Stevens.] Hav-
ing to be absent, lie handed the section over to
me. There were two sections, one of which I
did not desire to be reported. The only section of
any consequence is in regard to the heirs of Kos-
ciusko. There have been repeated applications
by the agents of those heirs for a law to authorize
the removal or change of venue in their case. We
give simply a section authorizing the court, upon
cause shown, to change the venue into Maryland.
This case is clear of the objection to the general
clause, because the heirs of Kosciusko are all for-
eigners and none of them living within the United
States, as I understand, and therefore within the
constitutional provision relating to foreigners.
This is all the explanation I have to give to the
House, and I trust that it will prove a satisfac-
tory one.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I would like to make an
inquiry of the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, [Mr. Thompson,] wheth-
er in this District cases in which the freedom of
slaves is concerned, do not come before the Dis-
trict court? I desire to know, if those cases where
persons are alleged to be held in slavery are not
proper subject-matters of the District court here?
If they do come before that court, is there any
general provision which authorizes either party
to turn them over to Maryland ?
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania. Well,
sir, I am not able to answer the question of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Giddings,] as to what
has been the practice in reference to these, only as
they are applicable to the bill now before the House.
I believe these investigations have been had before
that court, but I do not understand what this has
to do with the bill now under consideration, which
relates to an entirely different subject. It seems to
me that the questions and the answers are alike for-
eign to the bill oramendment nowbefore theHouse.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I would inquire of the chair-
man of thfr committee again, if the provisions of
the bill, as it was originally presented from the
j Senate without the amendment, would not author-
ize the removal of that clam of cases ?
Mr. THOMPSON. I think not. I did not
i understand the question at first, and I ask pardon
of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Giddings] for
not answering it before. I think the original bill
was intended to apply to all cases of civil suits be-
tween individuals, and I suppose the cases to
which the gentleman refers could be removed as
well as any other.
The SPEAKER stated the question before the
House to be on the motion of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Thompson] to strike out all
of the amendment proposed by the committee, ex-
cept the first gection.
The question was then taken on the amendment;
and it was carried in the affirmative. So the
amendment to the substitute was adopted.
The question now recurred upon the adoption
of the substitute as amended.
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana, asked that the bill,
, as it came from the Senate, be read.
And the bill was again read.
Mr. DUER. I do not know wlietherl exactly
understand the gentleman from Pennsylvania or
not. If I have "not misunderstood him, the bill,
as it comes from the Senate, contemplates the re-
moval of cases pending in the local courts of the
District of Columbia to the circuit courts of the
United States in Virginia or Maryland, without
restrictions having reference to the jurisdiction of
the latter courts. So that cases, over which the
courts of the District (established under the gen-
eral legislative powers vested in Congress within
the District) have exclusive jurisdiction, might,
under this act as it stands, be removed to courts
which, under the Constitution of the United States,
have no such jurisdiction. If this be the objec-
tion, it seems to me that it may be remedied in a
simpler mode than that proposed by the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman if 1 have eorreetly stated hia position ?
