1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
119
Mr. THOMPSON. Such was my position, and |
I think, from the gentleman's remarks, that he 1
fully understands me, and the objection is pre- !
cisely as he states it. '
Mr. DUER. Then I suggest to the gentleman i
that his purpose may be attained by attaching a
prqriso to the first section of the bill, restraining
its operation to cases over which the United States
courts have jurisdiction. It seems to me, that if
any legislation is necessary, it should not be con-
fined to individual cases.
Mr. THOMPSON. I would state to the hon-
orable gentleman from New York [Mr. Dcf.r]
that I would not like such a proyiso in the bill,
because the United States courts are distinctly de-
clared to possess jurisdiction of power foreign to
the State in which the controversy arises on acts
of Congress and the Constitution. So to say that
only such cases should be removed as are consti-
tutional, would be rather novel legislation, as none
others could be removed. And because none
others could be removed is the objection to this
bill.
The proviso mentioned by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Duer,] if made, would authorize
all cases from the District of Columbia to be re-
moved, and give jurisdiction only when such re-
moval would be constitutional. This would seem
rather too much like Congress disregarding the
Constitution and yielding up its judgment entirely
to the courts. I greatly prefer the present amend-
ment. It is only applicable to a particular case
where the United States courts have jurisdiction.
I believe there is hardly a State in the Union in
which a change of venue is allowed from one dis-
trict court of the United States to another. In-
deed, I believe there is none, unless it may be said
that such is the case where the judge or judges are
interested in the question; and I can see no neces-
sity for a different rule in the District of Colum-
bia—not the slightest—not one single reason for
allowing the general change of venue which the
bill from the Senate provides.
Mr. DUER. There may perhaps be a pro-
prietyin general legislation for thisreason. In cer-
tain cases you may remove causes from a State
court to a court of the United States. That, I un-
derstand, cannot be done with respect to the courts
of this District. The court here is, to a certain
extent, a local court; and a removal of a case from
this District may be regarded as analogous to a
removal from a State court. It is true the analogy
is not perfect, and the reason may not apply,
because the courts here are established and held
under authority of the United States, as well as
those to which it is proposed that cases may be
removed. But I am quite unable to understand
why we should authorize a removal in this partic-
ular case, unless for reasons which show that the
general law should be changed. If it is not proper
that all cases of this character, and under similar I
circumstances, should be removed, I cannot see the
propriety of legislating for this particular case.
To do so would not only be to cast an imputation
upon the court, but it would be granting a special
privilege denied to other suitors. i
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania. There
are no applications whatever for the change of
venue, under the circumstances of which the gen- |
tleman from New York speaks. j
Mr. DUER. The first section in the original j
bill is:
" That in any civil case at law or in equity now pending, j
or which may be hereafter pending in the courts of the Uni- i
ted States for the District of Columbia, either original or ap-
pellatp, except from justices of the peace or magistrates, in
which is involved the construction and effect of the Consti-
tution of the United States, or of any law of the United
States, the record thereof and all the proceedings thereon
may be transmitted to the circuit court of the United States
in and for the district of Maryland, or in and for the district
of Virginia, under the terms and provisions of this act; and !
the same, when so transmitted to either of the last-mentioned
courts, may, and shall be proceeded in, as if the same had !
been instituted and commenced in such court, and as ifsaid j
court had had full and complete jurisdiction in and over the
tame." I
This section,as it stands,may,perhaps,author- |
ize the removal of cases under circumstances where I
the United States courts in Virginia and Maryland !
could not take jurisdiction. I propose to remedy
the defect by adding a clause limiting the removal
to cases in which such courts have original juris-
diction.
Mr. BAYLY. My experience goes to con-
vince me that there is no class of legislation in
which so much mischief is done by hasty action,
as that in respect to the jurisdiction of courts. In
the first place, it occurs to me that we are called
upon to pass this law in entirely too much haste—
that we are not giving it that consideration which
a matter of so much importance demands. I would
prefer myself decidedly, that we should look into
this matter more thoroughly and with more de-
liberation than it will be possible for us to do by
acting upon it in this hasty manner, unless there
should be some decided reasons for a contrary
course. I shall move to refer the bill to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union. I
therefore make that motion, but will withdraw it
if there is any necessity for immediate action.
Mr. THOMPSON. I can only say, that the
reason for pressing this matter now is merely
this: This case is one of long standing; the
heirs of Kosciusko have applied to Congress time •
after time, for a change of Venuefrom this District
to Maryland, but it was not granted; the Senate,
instead of providing for this special case, propose
by their bill to make a general law, which seems to
me to be in entire violation of the Constitution
itself.
Mr. MARSHALL. I would ljke to under-
stand from the honorable chairman of the Judici-
ary, [Mr. Thompson,] what class of cases is pro-
vided for by this bill as being transferable to the
United States Court, of which it has not juridic-
tion over?
Mr. THOMPSON. In an action of trespass be-
tween two citizens, and an action of slander between
two citizens, and many other cases, they might
be removed to Virginia or Maryland by this bill.
"We propose to strike out the whole bill, with the ;
exception of a single clause which clearly comes
within the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. ASHMUN. Mr Speaker, having been a
member of the committee who reported the bill
with the amendment, I feel bound to say that it
was reported entirely without my consent. I was
opposed to the original bill, as it came from the
Senate, and I was also opposed to the amendment
recommended by the honorable chairman of that
committee, [Mr. Thompson.] Both seem to me
to be entirely uncalled for, and entirely unneces-
sary.
I concur entirely with the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Bayly,] that this is a matter which
j requires much more consideration than we sfre
! likely to give it by acting upon it in so hasty a
manner. In the first place, I think there is no
call for the passage of such a bill. I do not be-
i lieve cases exist which make it either necessary '
1 or desirable that such removals should take place.
I I understand the chairman of that committee to
j say that no complaint has been made in any other
! case than that of the heirs of Kosciusko. Then,
sir, out of that single case grows the whole diffi-
culty, if there be any difficulty at all, of which I
am very doubtful; but, if there be a single case
which demands legislation, we are bound to make
such provision in relation to it, as the case may
require, and if we legislate for this particular case,
it is a legislation for a whole class of cases, and
will be applied to all similar cases that may arise,
and thus the legislation will become a general one.
At all events, sir, before we bring this matter to
a final settlement, I think we ought to give it
more consideration.
Then, on the other hand, if it is a case of spe-
cial legislation, to transfer this single case to the
courts of Virginia or Maryland, which cannot be
applied to other cases of a similar nature, that of
itself is to my mind an objection to it. It looks
too much like partial legislation. I think, there-
fore, before we pass this bill, it had better be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. DUER. I rise simply to state that I have
reduced my amendment to writing. It was read
as follows:
Provided, however, That this section shall apply only to
ca&s in which the circuit courts aferesaid may have ori-
ginal jurisdiction under the Constitution of the United
States.
Mr. VINTON asked if the amendment now
pending was not that made by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania? [Mr. Thompson.]
The SPEAKER stated the question imme-
diately pending to be on the motion of the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,] to refer the bill
and amendments to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. VINTON. I am in favor of that disposi-
tion of it for the present. I cannot think it proper
to dispose of a question of jurisdiction in so sum-
mary a manner. It is not the way in which such
cases are usually treated; but even if that objection
were disposed of, there are others which would
prevent me from giving it my immediate assent.
The motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Thompson,] would reduce the bill simply to
a proposition to authorize the removal, in this par-
ticular case; then, as I understand the effect of the
amendment, I should be opposed to making this
provision for this particular case. I understand
the chairman of the committee to Say that he has
no particular reason why he wished the removal
of venue to take place, in this instance.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania. The only
reason I had for urging this particular case, is this:
The heirs of Kosciusko allege that they cannot
obtain an impartial investigation in their case in
the District of Columbia, which, if true, I think is
sufficient cause why the proposed removal should
take place.
. Mr. ASHMUN continued. I understood tl e
gentleman to remark in connection with it, that
there was some reason for it not known to the
committee. But the gentleman corrects me. Be-
fore I would vote for this particular proposition, I
desire to know why this House should vote that
such a change should be made, without knowing
the reasons for such change.
As regards myself I know nothing about the
circumstances of the case—I know nothing of the
reasons why this change of venue should Be made
in this particular case. There may be good rea-
sons—there may be none at all for such change.
Before I vote for a change in the venue, I wish to
be satisfied that there is good cause and satisfac-
tory reasons for so doing.
Mr. BURT. Mr. Chairman, the few remarks
which have been made, mainly by the honorable
chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary', [Mr.
Thompson,] show us that the object to be accom1
plished by this bill has some supposed advantage^
which the persons named are to receive from it,
that is not yet apparent.
Well, sir, I trust that every member of this
House will be disposed to do the gentlemen named
in the bill the most ample justice. As regards my-
self, I am so disposed. But who here is prepared-
to give them the opportunity of spieculation in an-
other court, at the expense of imputing to either
the judge, or to the community here, a partiality
which would be dishonorable and discreditable to
both ? It seems to me that such would be the re-
sult of this proposition. I should like my honor-
able friend, the chairman of the Committee on the
Judiciary, to be explicit upon this occasion. (
I desire to know if he stands tip in this Hall at
the instance of the heirs of Kosciusko to impute
partiality to the judges of this District ? If there
be any grounds for this imputation, I think, then,
my honorable friend does hot adopt the propel
mode of proceeding.
Sir, I am opposed to the whole thing, and 1
think the whole plan is now clearly unveiled; and
before I will consent either to impute partial-
ity to this community Who constitute the jury,
or to the judge who presides in the court, I tnust,
1 at least, have something which w'ould authorize
me to fav8r this bill, and which should satisfy ma
i that there is ample ground to sustain the chsjrge
of partiality.
! If there is satisfactory evidence of this nature so
far as the judges are'concerned, there would be no
one in this Hall more bold than myself to de-
nounce those men; for of all the tyrants in the
world a judicial tyrant is, in my estimation, the
most despicable.
Mr. EWING obtained th6 floor, but yielded
to
Mr. THOMPSON, of Petinsylvania, who said,
I am sure my learned friend fYom South Carolina
[Mr. Burt] will, on reflection, see that some of
his remarks were uncalled for.. In reply to one
of those remarks, however, I wish to say a few
words 
Mr. BURT, (interposing.) Will the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Thompson] allow tne a
moment? (Mr. T. yielded the floor.) I desire
simply to say to my friend from Pennsylvania,
that this is a special law (hat is contemplated, and
