185a.
TUB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBB.
12!
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I move, as it
i  difficult to get a quorum, that when the House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
"St r. VAX DYKE demanded the yeas and nays;
but they were not ordered.
The question was then taken, and agreed to—
ayes 63, noes 59.
On motion, the House then adjourned.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. GILBERT gave notice, under the rote, of his inten-
tion to introduce to-morrow, or some subsequent day, a
Joint resolution to make so much of " An net making ap-
propriations for die support of the Army, for the year end-
ing the thirtieth of June, 1851," approved September 28,
18.M), as provides " for extra pay to the commissioned oflv-
cers and enlisted men of the Army of the United States
eel-vine in Oreuon and California," retroactive in its effect.
Also, a bill to create a Board of Commissioners for the
examination and payment of claims against the United
States, growing out of the military occupation of and con
quest of California.
PETITIONS.
The ftWlowini petitions were presented under the rule,
•ad referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. EVANS, of Ohio: The petition of Esekiel Har-
ris, and 29 others, praying the erection of a light-house on
Rock or Mouse Island, in Lake Erie.
By Mr. GIDDINGS : Petitions for the repeal of die fugi-
tive slave law, of Q. F. Atkins, and 40 other citizens of
Cuyahoga eooaty, Ohio; of Solomon E. Fink, and 60 other
citizens of Trumbull county, Ohio ; of Harris Ewalt, and
43 other citizens of Trumbull county, Ohio; of Ralph Free-
man. and 20 other citizens of Trumbull county, Ohio ; of
Samuel Root, and 84 other citizens of Cuyahoga county,
Ohio; of Milo Devan, ml 36 other citizens of Ashtabula
county, Ohio; of John H. Shaw, and 111 other citizens of
Nantucket, Massachusetts.
IN SENATE.
Thuksdat, December 26, 1850.
Mr. Rusk, of Texas, appeared in his seat to-
day.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PR ESI DENT of the Senate laid before the
body a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, transmiting an answer to the resolution
of the Senate calling for the number of insane per-
sons supported by the United States in the Lu-
natic Asylum of Maryland, and the cost of trans-
porting the same from the District of Columbia;
which was read and ordered to be printed.
COISTE8TED ELECTIONS.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Young, their Clerk:
Mr. PaesiDENT: The House of Representatives have
passed a bill prescribing the mode of obtaining evidence in
cases of contested elections, in which tbey ask the concur-
rence of the Senate.
RECESS.
Mr. MANGIJM. At the inatanee of several
Senators, as,weU as a conviction of the propriety
of the motion on my part, I move that when the
Senate adjourns to-day, it adjourn until Monday
next. This motion may appear strange to the
country, and I therefore desire to make a remark.
Long experience must have convinced every Sen-
ator in his place that during Christmas week we
have barely a quorum present. I have this morn-
ing looked around the Chamber, and have been
unable to find a sufficient number of Senators in
their seats to form a quorum, though there «nay
be a quorum in the Hall.
ThePRESIDENT. There is just a quorum.
Mr. MANGUM. Every Senator who has been
here for many years past knows it to be a fact that
more spoliations are committed upon the publie
domain, more unnecessary and improper inroads
made upon the public Treasury, when a bare
quorum is present, than when there is a very fall
attendance of Senators. All experience has shown
us that during Chritmas week it is difficult to get
more than a quorum of the Senate together.
Again: the business that will be done now will
be but imperfectly done. The committees are not
full, and hence cannot report. Gentlemen charged
with special matters are not here for the purpose
of explaining or objecting. Sir; it is to the public
interest that adjournments should be made from
time to time during these holidays, unless we can
have a full attendance of Senators. All experi-
ence, then, supports the views I have taken. I
am very sure, Mr. President, that your own ex-
perience leads you to a like conclusion. We find
almost every gentleman from States most interest-
ed in local legislation in his seat, while almost the
whole of that portion of the Senate that may be
! supposed to be perfectly disinterested and impar-
tial as to such matters, are away.
As to mmelf, I should not make this motion if
I regarded Werely my own personal convenience;
for it diversifies the occupations of the day to
: spend two or three hours here. The days are
more infected with tedium when we are confined
' to our lodgings. I have not made the motion be-
cause it would be a personal convenience to my-
self that the Senate should adjourn till Monday,
but because that course is, in my opinion, required
by the public interests of the country.
Mr. WALKER. Mr. President, this is the
first time I ever heard a censure cast upon mem-
bers who are vigilant in their attendance upon the
sittings of this body. I did not expect to near it,
even at this day; but it has come. Those like
myself, and most of the Western men, and most
of the Eastern men, as is suggested behind me,
who are constant in their attendance upon the sit-
tings of the Senate, have now received a lecture
for the enormity of their doings—a lecture upon
the score of the peculation upon the Treasury that
is committed, and the depredations upon the pub-
lic domain that take place in consequence of our
sitting here constantly. I am one who wishes to
obey the will of my constituents, antf I believe it
is their desire, it is the desire of the Western peo-
ple, that these adjournments should not take place,
and that we should transact business as rapidly as
possible.
It occurs to me that this lecture comes with very
ill grace from the quarter whence, it emanates, for
I do believe that if that Senator, with his talents
and vigilant disposition, would give us his pres-
ence a little oflener than he does, there would be
less of this speculation than there now is.
Mr. MANGUM. Will the Senator permit
me?
Mr. WALKER. Certainly.
Mr. MANGUM. I think I am as often in my
seat as any gentleman during the hours of session;
and the rebuke of the Senator, unjust as it is,
thereforepasses perfectly hal-mless.
Mr. WALKER. It was no ill-feeling that sug-
gested my remark in regard to the Senator from
North Carolina, and I should regret exceedingly
if he supposed there was. But from the State of
North Carolina—that patriotic State of North
, Carolina—that Union loving State of North Car-
j olina—(and honor to her that she is aitch)—al-
j i ways comes this motion to adjourn from Thursday
!; until Monday, and from Monday until Thursday.
; This is the case, and nobody can deny it.
It may be for the true interests of the country
that we should make it an object to sit just as lit-
tle as possible, so as to do the least possible amount
| of mischief. But I do not apprehend that any se-
1 rious injury will result to the country from our
' sittings, if when sitting we do our duty. If the
country suffers from our sittings during Christmas
week, all we have to do is to look inward qpid work
a little reform within ourselves. What is the rea-
son that we cannot sit to-day, to-morrow, and
next day, for the purpose of hearing debates which
are to come some time upon measures which are
now being matured f<Jr the action of the Senate?
We can then meet on Monday and Tuesday, and
not commit an infraction on the rule of resting on
New Year's day. I cannot, therefore, for one,
see any object whatever in these adjournments at
this period of the session. I therefore call for the
yeas and nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Benton, Berrien, Clem- ;
ens, Dawson, Ewing, Foote, Mangum, Morton, Rusk, Se- '
bastian, Shields, Smith, Soute, and Upham—16. ,
NAYS—Messrs. Bradbury, Bright, Cass, Clay, Davis of !
Mississippi, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Downs, <
Gwin, Hamlin, Jones, King, Norris, Seward, Sturgeon, ,
Turney, Underwood, Wales, Walker, and Whitcomb—20.
So the motion was not agreed to.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. UNDERWOOD presented a memorial of
Samuel L. Boots, asking payment of a balance of
salary due him as a clerk in the Treasurer's office;
which was referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. FOOTE presented the memorial of citizens
of New York, asking the attention of Congress to
the just claims of the children of officers and sol-
diers of the Revolution; which was referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. SEWARD. I have "been requested to sub-
mit to the Senate the petition of Captain H. Paul-
ding, of the United Stated Navy. The papers
which accompany this petition show that for thirty
years previous to 1848 there never had been a ship
of war of the United States in the North Seas;
that none had ever entered the Weiser; that it was
thought by the Government of the United States
at that time, considering the peculiar situation of
Europe, to be expedient to dispatch a United States
ship-of-war upon an independent cruise through-
out the North of Europe. The frigate " St. Law-
rence," commanded by Captain Paulding, was
dispatched on that service. It was at a time when
all Europe seemed to be upon the eve of revolu-
tion, succeeding the revolution in France. The
appearance of an American ship-of-war, an un-
precedented demonstration on the part of the Uni-
ted States in the North of Europe, excited interest
and attracted consideration throughout the whole
progress of the cruise.
when the St. Lawrence reached Southampton,
in England, she was received with cordial demon-
strations of respect and kindness towards the na-
tion whence she came, on the part of the munici-
pality of Southampton. As she proceeded in her
voyage, she was everywhere greeted with saluta-
tions of the most respectful and earnest character.
Entertainments, which were expensive and credit-
able to the Powers in the North of Europe, were
given to the commander. He thought, al though he
had no instructions on the subject, that it comported
with the dignity of the Government which he repre-
sented, ana with the objects which it had in view,
that he should reciprocate these courtesies. He
accordingly, under what seemed to be a necessity,
returned them. In that way he received and en-
tertained the municipal authorities of Southamp-
ton; the Duke of Olaenburgh at Bremer Haven;
the Senate of Bremen; the Glueen of Greece; dep-
utations from Prussia, from Denmark, and from
Sweden. The effect of these hospitalities was
auspicious, and the conduct of the commander re-
ceived the approbation of the Government on his
return. They involved him in expenditures quite
inconsiderable for the United States; but, inas-
much as no appropriation was made for the pur-
pose, too considerable for him. The object of
this petition is to ask that an appropriation may
be made to indemnify him for those expenses.
Among the papers accompanying the petition are
letters from the gentleman who then presided over
the Navy Department, showing his admiration of
the conduct of Captain Paulding. I hope it will
not be out of place to say, while it cannot make
the claim any more just, that Captain Paulding is
a son of Paulding-, one of the captors of Major
Andre. I move that the petition be received and
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The petition was so referred.
Mr. SEWARD presented the memorial ofThos.
B. Livingston, United States Consul at Halifax, in
the province of Nova Scotia, asking to be allowed
a salary; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Also, the proceedings of a meeting of citizens
of New York in favor of a reduction of the rates
of postage; which were ordered to lie on the table.
Also, the memorial of the publishers of periodi-
cals in the city of New York, asking reduction of
the rates of postage.
Mr. SOULE presented the memorial of Joseph
Reynes, asking the confirmation of his title to a
tract of lantPgranted to his father by the Spanish
Government, or the privilege of locating a like
quantity; which was referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
Also, a memorial of Benjamin Buisson, asking
compensation for drawing plans for a custom-
house at the city of New Orleans, in the State of
Louisiana; which was referred to the Committee
of Claims.
Mr. SHIELDS presented the memorial of the
widow of Marvin W. Fisher, asking compensation
for the use by the United States of a machine in-
vented by her husband for charging percussion
caps; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. BELL. I am instructed to present the
petition of Sally T. Floyd, widow of George R.
C. Floyd, a lieutenant colonel in the army of 1812,
asking to be allowed a pension. The memorial
seems to me, from the facts it contains, to pre-
sent a strong case. The memorialist is now
advanced in life, having arrived at the age of
