1850.
urn oommmmAL olose.
125
The SPEAKER. It is not in order pending the
motion made on Monday last to suspend the rules.
That motion must be first disposed of.
Mr. CALDWELL inquired "What the pend-
ing motion to suspend the rules was for?"
The SPEAKER said that the pending question
■when the" House adjourned on Monday last, was
he motion of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Caudwkll,] to suspend the rules to enable him to
.ntroduce a joint resolution explanatory of the act
'approved September 98, 1850, entitled " An act
(ranting bounty land to certain officers and sol-
diers who hare been engaged in the military ser-
vice of the United States;" on which question the
yeas and nays had been ordered.
The joint resolution was read for information,
as follows:
Rfotved, Ay Ac Senate and House of RtfmeniaHvet
•f the United States o/ Jlmmica in Congrtst assembled.
That nothing in the act approved September 28, 1850,
< granting bounty land to certain officers and soldiers who
hare been engaged in the military service of the United1
States,' shall be so construed as to prevent the sale and
transfer of any certificate or warrant issued by virtue of
said act, prior to the issue of the patent thereon.
The question was then taken on the motion to
suspend the rules, and decided in the affirmative—
yeas 131, nays 38—as.follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Alston,'Andrews, Ashe, Av-
erett, Bayly, Bingham, Bocoek, Booth, Bowdon, Howl in,
Bovd, Brack, Briggs, Buel, Bullard, Burrows, Burt, Butler,
Geoige A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Cartter, Chandler,
Cleveland, Clingman, W. R. W. Cobb, Corwin, Croweil,
Danner, Deberry, Dimniick, Disney, Dunham, Edmundson,
Featherston, Fitch, Fowler, Fuller, Gentry, Gerry, Ewing,
Giddings, Gilmore, Goodenow, Gott, Gould, Green, Hall,
Halloway, Hamilton, Hammond, Hampton, Isham G. Har-
ris, Sampson W. Harris, Hay, Haymond, Hibbard, Hilliard,
Hoagland, Houston, Howard, Howe, Hubbard, Inge, Joseph
W. Jackson, Andrew, Johnson, Robert W. Johnson,
Jones, Kaufman, LaSere, Littlefield, Horace Mann, Job
Mann, Marshall, Mason, McClernand, McDowell, Mc-
Gaughey, McKissock, McLanahan, Robert M. MeLane,
Finis E.McLean, McMullen, McQueen, McWillie, Meach-
ain, More he ad, Morris, Morrison, Ogle, Olds, Orr, Otis,
Parker, Peaslee, Peck, Penn, Pitman, Potter, Powell, Ris-
ley, Robinsoa, Rockwell, Savage, Sawtelle, Shepperd, Sil-
vester Spaulding, Sprague, Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton,
Richard H. Stanton, Thaddeus Stevens, Stetson, Strong,
James Thompson, Toombs,Tuck, Underbill,Venable.Wal-
den, Waldo, Wallace, Watkins, Wentworth, White, Whit-
tlesey, Williams, Woodward, Wright, and Young—131.
NAYS—Messrs. Bay, Beale, Bennett, Bokee, William
J. Brown, Joseph Cable, Campbell, Clarke, Cole, Conger,
Doty, Durfc.ee, Nathan Evans, Gorman, Grinnell, Harlan,
Heba.nl, Henry, Hunter, Julian, Kerr, George G. King, '
James G. King, John A. King, Matteson, McDonald, John
K. Miller, Daniel F. Miller, Pumara, Reed, Richardson,
Root, Scheock, Schoolcraft Sweetser, Jacob Thompson,
John B. Thompson, and Vinton—38.
So the rules were suspended.
Mr. CALDWELL. I do not intend, Mr.
Speaker, to detain the House very long with re-
marks on the resolution now under consideration.
I have no doubt that a very large majority of the
members of the Honse are favorable to the passage
of this resolution. 1 have therefore but one re-
mark to make, and that is on the immediate pas-
sage of the resolution. I have been informed by
the Commissilfner of Pensions that the warrants
will not be printed until after the action of this
House upon the matter; because, if the warrants
are to be made transferable, it is proper they
should be printed together—the transfer and the
warrants.
The Commissioner of Pensions is waiting the
action of this House, in order that he may be en-
abled to print the blank transfer upon the back of
the warrant.
I therefore desire that the resolution bej>ut upon
its passage, and for that purpose 1 move the pre-
vious question.
Mr. VINTON. I hope the previous question
will not be insisted upon; and if it is insisted upon,
that it will not be sustained.
The question now beuig, Is there a second to
the demand for the previous question?—
Tellers were called for, and ordered, and Messrs.
&tanton, of Tennessee, and Kmc, of Rhode Is-
land, were appointed.
The question then being taken, it resulted-—ayes
83, noes 35.
So there was a second.
The main question was then ordered, and being
taken, the resolution was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time.
Mr. CALDWELL asked that the resolution
be now put upon its passage.
Mr. VINTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a priv-
ileged question. I move to reconsider the vote by
which this bill was ordered to be engrossed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would stats to the
I gentleman from Ohio that the bill has already
! passed to its third reading, and it is, therefore, not
m order to move a reconsideration of the vote by
; which it was engrossed.
Mr. JONES here contested the right of the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton] to the floor; but
' the Speaker ruled mat the gentleman from Ohio
i was entitled to the floor.
Mr. CALDWELL, of Kentucky. I wish to
' know whether the gentleman from Ohio has a
right to make the motion—not having voted in
the affirmative.
The SPEAKER. There w&s no division of
the House upon the question.
Mr. McCLERNAND inquired what would be
the effect of laying the motion to reconsider, made
by the gentleman from Ohio, on the table.
The SPEAKER stated that the effect of such a
motion would be to leave the bill on the Speaker's
' table, on the question of its third reading—as it
has been engrossed according to order.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Vinton] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. VINTON said: There is one feature of this
bill, Mr. Speaker, which in its consequences would,
I think, be directly opposed to the intentions of
Government in granting these bounty lands. It
seems clear to me that if this bill were to pass, the
inevitable result would be to further the ends of
speculators, who would be enabled to reap almost
exclusively the benefits intended to be conferred
upon the donors, and to whom Government may
have given land warrants. If I were a young man
just entering into life, and felt myself justified in
making a fortune out of the Government, there is
no measure I would so soon advocate or so readily
vote for to attain my end as the proposition now
i before the House. This bill proposes to change
the act of last session of Congress so as to take
away from those who are the Deneficiaries of this
Government, the protection which it secures to them
agcunst imposition, and enable speculators to appro-
priate to themselves the bounties intended for the
soldier. This has been almost the invariable result
wl\en land bounties have been granted by this Gov-
ernment. Sir, for years, for many long years, for a
full quarter of a century before the act of the last
session was passed, speculators made continued
and vigorous efforts to procure the passage of such
i a law, but always without success. At the last
! session they succeeded. This movement was not
1 made on the part of the two hundred and fifty
thousand men who are the beneficiaries of Gov-
ernment under the law. The act was nrtt passed
I at their solicitation; but by the speculators by
whom this House is perpetually surrounded, for
the purpose of enabling them to get those iand
i warrants into their own possession, and thus
; pocket for themselves nearly all the advantages
that should belong exclusively to those to whom
i the' public lands of the country are granted for
services rendered. For if these warrants are made
' assignable they will get the lion's share of all of
them.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. Will the gentleman
I from Ohio allow me a few moments ?
Mr. VINTON. No, sir.
Mr. COBB. The gentleman, I presume, re-
fuses because he thinks it would not do to allow me
to reply. All I desired to say was, that I never
■ consulted with speculators in these land warrants
before the bill was brought forward, or afterwards.
! I introduced the bounty land bill by the unani-
mous desire of my constituents.
Mr. VINTON. Sir, I believe the gentleman is
I one of those who desired to gag all debate upon
! this bill.
Mr. COBB. No, sir, such was never my wish,
j Mr. VINTON, "the gentleman, I believe, was
! one of those who voted for the previous question
! before any debate on the bill, and when I wanted
! the floor.
| Mr. COBB. After the usual debate.
Mr. VINTON, (in continuation.) Now, sir,
i the law of the last session was passed, with such re-
I strictions as would enable the soldier to realize a
| fair equivalent for the land granted him, and pre-
i vent the speculator from getting his land for a
song. This doe?not answer his purposes. This
, second edition of the act is necessary to enable
them to obtain what they have not yet got.
I say, sir, if this resolution passes, instead of this
land being owned by the two hundred and fifty
thousand persons who are the donees of this Gov-
ernment, it may happen in a very few short years,
aye, perhaps in a space of eighteen months, that
you will find that individuals and companies will
be the proprietors of counties, I had almost said
of States, who will hold up the lands from sale,
and arrest the settlement of the country.
Why, sir, if this bill passes and these grants are
made assignable, they will immediately go down
in the market to almost nothing; they will go, sir,
far lower than the bounties went that were granted
to the soldiers in the war of 1812. The one hun-
dred and sixty acre warrants granted to the sol-
diers of that war, which at the then price of the
public lands were worth $320, sunk down to $20,
which has become the standing market price for
them. ♦
This is the way in which these lands will go. I
verily believe if this law passes, that these rights
for one hundred and sixty acres of land will not
sell for #40. It was the intent of the original bill,
cautiously to guard against that. The law pro-
vides, that whenever a warrant -is issued, it
shall be the duty of the Government, on the appli-
cation of the owner, to locate it for him on good
land, issue the patent, and send it to him—to do .
the whole business for him, free of all cost and all
charge. Of course, then, the owners of these
rights can have no earthly interest in the passage
of this resolution. When the soldier gets liis
patent for his land, it will then immediately be
available amongst his neighbors. His right will
be in his own hands, and then he will be able to
sell it for what it is worth. His will be just like
the case of thousands of individuals, who own
land out of their own States, or at a distance from
their places of residence.
Under the law as it now stands, they will, when
they have their patents in their hands, be enabled to
make a sale of their lands for nearly or quite their
full value, and thus to avail themselves of the ben-
efits intended to be conferred on them by Con-
gress. "If you pass this bill, these warrants will
go down so low that they will not be regarded by
their owners as worth keeping, and the dealer# in
them, availing themselves of this state of things,
will dictate their own terms, and get them almost
for nothing.
And more than this, if you pass this bill without
some explanatory law, you cannot execute it.
How many frauds will be perpetrated upon the
rights of the donees? How many soldiers to
whom land bounties were granted for service in
the Mexican war have been defrauded out of them?
When the assignments are presented, we know
that the Land Office has got to satisfy itself that
they are bona fide, and decide who are the parties
who shall receive the patent for the land. The
question as to the genuineness or the validity of
the assignments will arise in every possible form
before the patents are issued. These questions
cannot be settled at the Land Office. You ipust
relieve them of these questions by directing that
the patent shall issue to the original donee.
But, sir, the great objection to this bill is that
which is derived from the history of these warrants,
which is well known to every man who has ever
had a seat in this House, that has ever looked
; into the subject, that the land bounties granted
to officers and soldiers of the war of the Revolu-
tion, and to those who served in the war of 1812,
i all went into the hands of speculators for little or
I nothing. The soldiers got the shadow of the ben-
efit, but the Speculators got the lion's share.
| When the bounty bill was up before the House
: for the Mexican war, to protect the soldiers against
| the same description of fraud as that which I feel
now will be perpetrated upon him, in the event
' of the resolution before the House passing, a sug-
gestion of my own was incorporated into a pro-
vision of the bill, authorizing the soldier, in lieu of
his warrants for these lands, to take six per cent,
scrip of the United States, of the value of $100,
for the very purpose of preventing these warrants
falling into the hands of speculators. This has
kept these bounties from sinking in the market
below the value of the stock, which has always
been above par. But, sir, there is no protection
of this sort in the bill of the last session. If you
I do not put such a provision into the law at the
i time you make these warrants assignable, you
t will have taken away from the soldier all protec-
| tion against that depression which it is the inter-
I est of the speculator to create.
