1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. SCHENCK. Is the amendment to the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, also pending?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. SCHENCK. If, then, the previous ques-
tion is seconded 
Mr. MARSHALL, (interposing.) Will the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sciienck] allow me to
appeal to his colleague [Mr. Sweetser] to with-
draw his motion to refer the bill to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, in order
that my amendment to the amendment may be re-
ceived ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not think that the
amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky re-
fers to the same chain of roads. However, I have
no objection to a vote upon it, and I have no ob-
jection to my colleague's withdrawing his motion
to refer the bill to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] alone is en-
titled to the floor. If the motion to refer the bill
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union be withdrawn by the gentleman's colleague,
no one else can make a motion or offer an amend-
ment, except by the unanimous consent of the
House. 1 his has been so often ruled by the
Chair, that it is unnecessary to repeat it again.
Mr. SCHENCK. Well, sir, I have no objec-
tion, as I said, to the proposition of the gentleman
from Kentucky being offered, but if it depends on
the courtesy of some one else, of course I cannot
release him from his position.
1 will, then, simply say, that as I understand
it, if the previous question is demanded, it will
bring the House first to a vote on the reference of
the bill; if that fails, then upon the amendment of
the gentleman from Illinois, and whether that pre-
vails or not, then on the engrossment of the bill
Am I right?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is correct.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I move the previous
question.
Mr. DUER. WiH the gentleman from Ohio,
before he moves the previous question, allow me
to submit a 'motion to refer the bill to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands?
Mr. SCHENCK. I am afraid, if so referred,
we should never get a chance at the business ;
again.
Upon the demand for the previous question,
tellers were called for and ordered.
Mr. BURT moved • that the House do now
adjourn.
131
! -He it enacted, fe., That five hundred tllouMuid acres of
j the public lauds of the United States be, anil the same are
! hereby, granted to the State of Pennsylvania to aid in the
; fconstruction of that portion of the Hemptield and Ohio
' Railroad, lyin; within the limits of said State.
Sue. 8. ~1nd be it further enacted, Jfc., That the Gov-
ernor of said State shall cause to be selected, with the ap-
probation of the Secretary of the Interior, tile said land
hereby appropriated, out of any lands now subjectto private
entry or that hereafter may be surveyed. And tlte said
Governor, or person to be by him appointed, may expose the
same, or any portion thereof, to public sale, and the pro-
ceeds thereof, after deducting the necessary expenses of
the selection and sale, shall be applied to the payment of
stock to be subscribed by the Governor on behalf of the
State to the railroad aforesaid. All dividends arising on
said stock shall be paid over to the treasurer of said State
and added to the common school fund thereof: Provided,
nevertheless, That the said State of Pennsylvania assent to
tile grant and limitation aforesaid: Jind provided, further,
That the said State may, from time to time, pass such laws
and adopt such regulations as may be necessary to carry
Into efieet the aforesaid grant.
Mr. GOODENOW gave notice that he should, at an early
day, ask the unanimous consent of the House for leave to
introduce a biil appropriating a portion of the public lands
to aid in tile construction of the "Atlantic and St. Lawrence
Railroad," ill the State of Maine.
Mr. FITCH gave notice of his intention to introduce a bill
supplementary to the act of24th May, 1824, " Providing for
the correction of errors in making entries of laud at the land
otfi res."
Mr. MARSHALL gave notice of his intention to intro-
aiidothers, merchants and ship owners of C as tine, in the
btate of Maine, in relation to changing the site of the cus-
tom-house at said Castine and rebuilding the same.
By Mr. WENTWORTH : The petition of Benjamin F.
Hays, of Chicago, Illinois, praying that Congress may pass
a law granting him the right to locate his land wairant upon
land at Oconto Falls, on tile Oconto river, in Brown county.
\\ isconsin.
'!vMANN, of Massachusetts: The petition of Mrs.
tiliKabeth Rodman and 1,708 others, ladies of New Bed-
ford, iu the State of Massachusetts, praying lor the repeal of
the lugitive slave law.
Al?o, the petition of the Rev. Samuel Osgood and 177
others, citizens of Springfield, in Massachusetts, praying
for the same object. * "
. Also, the petition of Fisher A. Kingsbury and 59 others,
citizens of V\ eymouth, in Massachusetts, praying for the
same object.
Bj Mr. GOTT: The petition of500 citizens of Onondaga
comity, New \ork, tor a reduction of postage to two cenu
earh upon letters, and for the free circulation of newspapers
thirty miles from the place of publication.
By Mr. BINGHAM : The petition of V. Rosevelt, G. M.
Dewey, and John Bartow, of Michigan, lor compensation
lor locating militar}- bounty land.
Also, the petition of L.'B. Miznu, E. Rood, E. Taylor,
and I. Krarshy, praying for similar compensation.
By Mr. WALDO: The petition of Rhoda Alden, and
others, children and heirs at law of Lieutenant Consul en
Willistero, deceased, a soldier of the Revolution, asking for
commutation pay.
Also, the petition of Asaliel Thompson, and 73 others,
citizens and electors of tile town of Farmington, Con-
*IArttlAVlt bolranM — I   ^    >   -
duce a bill to extend Sic bounties of the act of September necticut, asking Congress to take action upon the subject
28, 1350, entitled (l An act granting bounty land to certain 1 A'"  '*' «-*•* «> — ■*— ——-
officers and soldiers who have been engaged in the military
service of the United States," to the widows and heirs of
soldiers who died while in the service, as well as to those
who died after receiving an honorable discharge.
Mr. EVANS, of Ohio: On to -morrow, or some subse-
quent day, I will ask leave to introduce a bill to allow and
authorize persons entitled to bounty land under the Jaw of
September, 1850, to receive Treasury scrip in lieu of war-
rants for such land. ,
Mr. POTTER. I ask the gentleman from ''I postage.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
under the rales, and referred to the committees:
By Mr. GIDDINGS: Petitions for the repeal of the ft gi-
tive slave law, of Lyman W. Hall and 2,833 other cttisens
of Portage county, Ohio; of E. A. Brown and 63 othei
citiJbns of Bloomtield county, Ohio; of Edwin Hall and
280 other citizens of Cuyahoga county, Ohio ; of James
D. Bradley and 64 other citizens of Trumbull county,
Ohio; of Robert Otis and 56 other citizens of Trumbull
county, Ohio; of L. L. Adams and 15 other citizens of
Cuyahoga county, Ohio; of Darius Adams and 25 other
citizens of Cuyahoga county, Ohio ; of J. B. Gubble and
31 other citizens of Cuyahoga county, Ohio; of Jacob C.
BarUett and 76 other citizens of Granger county, Ohio; of
Eusael D. Black and 63 other citizens of Granger county,
Ohio; of W. W. Irvin and 20 other citizens of Granger
county, Ohio; of O. B. Biak?sley and 45 other citizens of
Granger county j Ohio; of Freeborn Baird and 262 other
citizens of Granger county, Ohio; of Rufti* Mapes and
284 other citizens of Cuyahoga county, Ohio; of Hirain
Stiles and 45 other citizens of Cuyahoga county, Ohio.
By Mr. MEACHAM: The petition of the citizens of
Middleburg county, Vermont, asking for a reduction of
of adjusting all national controversies without an appeal
to arm*.
By Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi: The memorial of Mary
B. Renner, for indemnity for property destroyed during the
war of 1814.
Also, the petition of ElishaSaflbrd, and others, of Colum-
bia, praying for a mail route from Columbia, Mississippi, to
Covington, Louisiana. "
Also, the petition of Charles F. MaverhofF, praying the
extension of preemption law to the alternate reserved sec-
tions upon grants to States for improvements, at the en-
hanced price fixed upon those lands by the acts making the
grants.
South Carolina [Mr. Burt] to withdraw his mo-
tion for a moment, in order that I may make the
usual motion, that when the House adjourns, it\
adjourn to meet «n Thursday next.
Several Voices. O no! O no! J
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from i
South Carolina {Mr. Burt] withdraw his motion?
' Mr. BURT. I will withdraw it for the pur- ;]
pose indicated by my friend from Ohio.
Mr. POTTEH then moved that when the I
House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Thursday 1
next. J
The yeas and nays then being called for by '
several, they were ordered. The question was |
then taken, and the result was—yeas 29, nays 118. ;
So the motion was lost.
By Mr. BURROWS: The petition of Isaac C. Lock-
wood, praying lor relief on account of &e failure of title to
land conveyed by the United States.
By Mr. CROWELL : The petition of J. M. Brown, and
other*, eitizenswf Bioomfield, Trumbull county, Ohio, pray-
ing Congress for the repeal of the fugitive slave law.
Also, the petition of J. W. Edwards and others, citizens
of Ellsworth, Mahoning county, Ohio, praying Congress to
repeal the fugitive slave law.
By Mr. LITTLEFIEL1): The petition of James B.
Cahoon, Mayor of the city of Portland, Maine, and 671
others, merchants, ship owners, ship-masters, and others,
firaying for an appropriation for a marine hospital, at Port-
and, Maine.
By Mr. HOWE: The petition of Peter H. Harnett and
23 others, citizens of Mercer county, Pennsylvania, praying
Congress to establish a post route from Mercer, via Ham-
burg, to West Greenville.
Also, the petition of J. 1. Montgomery and 92 others,
citizens of Mercer county, Pennsylvania, praying Con-
The question then recurred on the motion or'
Mr. Bout, that the House do now adjourn; but
he -withdrew it at the request of
Mr. HOUSTON, who asked leave to withdraw
from the files of the House the papers in the case
of Matthew Macklem, of Delaware.
There being no objection, leave was accordingly
granted.
Mr. BOYD asked leave to withdraw from the
files of the House the papers in the case of the
heirs of Sarah Stokes, for the balance of a pen-
sion, that they may be presented to the proper
Department.
There being no objection, leave was accordingly
granted. The motion to adjourn being then re-
newed, it prevailed—
And the House adjourned.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. REED save notice of his intention to ask leave to
introduce the fallowing bill, granting land to the Hempfielif"
and Ohio Railroad:
Also, the petition of John Ellis and 33 others, citizens
of Crawford county, Pennsylvania, praying Congress to
j IN SENATE.
| Monday, December 30, 1850.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. President, I hold
' in my hand a petition of Robert J. Cox for a pen-
I sion, and I would be glad if I could get the atten-
tion of the chairman of the Committee on Pen-
sions to it for a moment. Mr. Cox states that he
was placed upon the roll of pensioners in the
, month of January, 1850. He was placed there in
| consequence of wounds received which rendered
1 him totally unable. He obtained his certificate of
i discharge from General Quitman in 1847, and his
petition asks that he may receive a pension from
the time of his discharge up to the time at which
he was put upon the pension roll. This is all he
; claims, and I hope his petition may be acceded to.
j I move that it be referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
j The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CASS presented the memorial of Josiah
Snow and A. Bangs, and associates, asking a sub-
scription or donation on the part of the United
States for a telegraph line from the Mississippi
river to California; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. EWING presented the memorial of the
late and present receiver and register of the land
office at Defiance, Ohio, asking an increase of
compensation for locating military bounty land
warrants; which was ordered to lie on the table, a
bill having been reported on that subject.
Mr. EWING. I have also the petition of James
L. Gage. He is a gentleman of very high intelli-
gence and respectability, and a learned machinist.
He desires a contract for collecting together and
j establish a post route from Cleveland, Ohio, viaEuclid and repairing the useless public arms of the United
„.i.„ ♦" M -i-Hiio .h„ a.„.„  <• stateg i submit his memorial, and move its ref-
erence to the Committee on Military Affairs.
It was so referred. •
Mr. CLARKE presented a petition from citi-
zens of Westerly, in the State of Rhode Island,
askftng that the public lands may be granted in
limited quantities to actual settlers; which was or-
dered to lie on the table.
Mr. BALDWIN presented a petition from citi-
zens of Farmington, Connecticut, asking the adop-
tion of measures for the peaceable settlement of
international controversies; which was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. BRADBURY presented the memorial of
Henry Williams and others, owners of the brig
Nimrod, asking to be indemnified for the loss of
said brie-, unjustly seized and sold under the erro-
neous allegation that the timber on board was cut
other intermediate towns, to Meadville, in the State of
; Pennsylvania.
By Mr. ROBINSON: The petition of William Holman,
Jr., and 21 other citizens of Ripley county, Indiana,
for grants of public lands to the Ohio and Mississippi Rail-
road Companies, (the St. Louis and Cincinnati road, via
Vincennes.)
Also, the petition of 40 citizens of Ripley county, In-
diana, for grants of public lands to the Ohio and Mississippi
Railroad Companies, (the St. Louis and Cincinnati road,
via Vincennes.)
By Mr. PARKER: The petition of Samuel W. Brady, a
soldier in the Mexican war, asking for a pension for a wound
or injury received in that war.
Bv Mr. RICHARDSON: The petition of 101 citizens
of Peoria county, Illinois, praying Congress to prohibit
"the longer traffic in the public lands," and also, that
the public lands "shall be laid out in farms and lots
for the free use of such citizens (not possessed of other
lands) as will occupy them, allowing the settler the right to
dispose of his possessions to any one not possessed of other
land."
By Mr. FULLER: The memorial of William Witherbee
