132
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. SO,
on the Government lands; which was referred to
the Committee of Claims. I
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition from citi- J
zens of JJIanclmril, Maine, asking the adoption of j
m tii.hi res for the peaceablc adjustment of interna- f
tionnl controversies; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. W1XTHR0P. I present the petition of
Nancy Wright, widow of James Wright, late an
officer in the revenue cutter service, asking to be
allowed a pension. To this petition I desire to
call the attention of the Senator at the head ol' that
committee. The husband of the petitioner was an
engineer on board the United States steamship
McLane during the Mexican war, and he died of
disease contracted by exposure in the public ser-
vice.
I have also another petition signed by a number
of citizens of Boston, asking that a pension may
be allowed to this petitioner. I move their refer-
ence to the Committee on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a memorial of owners,
■hip merchants, and other residents of Portland,
Maine, asking the establishment of a marine hos-
pital at that place; which -was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
AERIAL NAVIGATION.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have received a letter from
John Wtse, of Lancaster, Pennsylvania, enclosing
a memorial of an interesting character, which I
have been requested to present, and move its ref-
erence to the proper committee. I am not pre-
|>ared to say precisely what committee that would
The memorialist states that he has devoted six-
teen years of his life studiously to the science of
aeronautics; that during that period he has made
about one hundred aerial voyages successfully and
with safety. He states also that he has written a
work upon this science, in which he has given a
history of it and an account of the developments
of its principles, which has been received with
treat favor by the scientific world. He also states
mat he has demonstrated to his own satisfaction,
and is prepared to demonstrate to the satisfaction
of the world, his power to make this science useful
and practicable for the transmission of mails and
the transportation of passengers, and especially in
the art of war, as well as in peace. He also states
that he is prepared now to construct a balloon one
hundred feet in diameter, which shall have the !
power of elevating sixteen tons; thaf he is prepared
to elevate that balloon over the Capitol, or Presi-
dent's House, or Navy Yard, or any other point
which may be designated, above the reach of gun-
shot, and then to discharge imitation missiles of a
destructive quality, which would show his capa-
city to destroy any fleet, fort, or army which mav
be beneath it. He also proposes, when he shall
have done that, and shall have satisfied both
Houses of Congress and everbody who will at-
tend his experiments, that it is entirely practicable
and within his control, to take that balloon to the
city of St. Louis, and make a voyage from thence
to the city of York. At New York he proposes to
take in six other passengers who have already
volunteered, and a life-boat, and proceed to Eng-
land, where he will report to the British Govern-
ment. He expresses entire confidence in his ability
to do this with perfect safety; and, furthermore,
that he can make a quicker voyage around the
world with his balloon than in any other way;
that his experiments have shown that at a certain
•levation there is a current of air from west to
east, in which he can sail with perfect safety, and
with more expedition and velocity than by any
other mode of conveyance. "He desires the oppor-
tunity of testing this, and of satisfying the world
of the truth of his theory. He says that he can
make these experiments from St. Louis to New
York and from New York to Europe for the sum
of twenty thousand dollars. He thinks that this
will enable him to fully demonstrate the practica-
bility of this science, and its applicability to the
purposes to which he proposes to devote it. He
alludes to the fact that we are making very large
appropriations for objects of much less utility;
aiid inasmuch as he has devoted his life to this
business, has made so many successful voyages,
has written a book demonstrating the practicability
of this science, and only needs this small pittance
to carry his scientific discoveries into practical
effect, he says we ought to give him that amount to
allow him to moke the trial, and enable him to be
the first man that ever sailed around the world in
a balloon.
I present his memorial as he requests. I am as-
sured that he is a mail of great intelligence nnd^
scientific attainments. I have not the honor of
knowing him, but these are the representations
made to me by citizens of that State, whom I
know to be men that are entirely capable of judg-
ing of his qualifications in this respect. I hardly
know to which committee I ought to move its ref-
erence. I am satisfied that it does not come fairly
within the jurisdiction of the Committee 011 Terri-
tories. The chairman of the Committee on Public
Lands insists that it is not within th* jurisdiction
of his committee. I am inclined to think that, as
it is evidently a rival project to one referred to the
Committee on Roads and Canals—Mr. Whitney's
railroad—it ought to go to that committee, that its
objects may be considered. I have read this peti-
tion with much interest. It is written with a good
deal of ability. I have looked into his book,
though I have not had an opportunity of reading
it, and the impressions which I have formed of it
are favorable. He has drawings of all his ma-
chinery, and the different modes of conveyance,
got up at gTeat expense, and with great elegance;
and I have really been very favorably impressed
with the memorialist and his memorial. I move
its reference to the Committee on Roads and
Canals.
Mr. BRIGHT. I do not wish, as a member or
as chairman of that committee, to avoid any re-
sponsibility; but it seems to me that the prayer
of this petitioner goes far beyond the jurisdiction
of the Committee on Roads and Canals. It is
proper for me to say that I do not favor visioilary
projects of this kina. I think it is the province of
our committee to look to roads and canals on terra
Jirma; but when it comes to navigating the air, the
prayer does not find a friend in me. I thinly the
Committee on Foreign Relations, if I may beper-
mitted to suggest, would be more appropriate,
[laughter,] for the duties of the committee lead
them to the consideration of the affairs of foreign
climes. I hope the gentleman will change his ref-
erence.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not know any impro-
priety in the reference, and I will therefore move
that it be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations. .
Mr. MANGUM. Mr. President, as the chair-
man of that committee is not present, I feel it to
be my duty to remark that we are very little
learned in matters of this kind; but as I believe
the honorable Senator from Illinois has recently
been made a member of that committee 
The PRESIDENT. The Senator was excused
from serving on that committee at his own request.
Mr. MANGUM. Then I protest against its
going to that committee; but as the honorable Sen-
ator from Illinois has indicated a high degree of
cientific. attainment in these matters, to the edi-
fication and amusement of the Senate, I think it
should go to a select committee, and that ha should
be placed at the head of it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I think this subject should
be treated seriously. The memorialist is undoubt-
edly a gentleman of high character and of scientific
attainment; and I hope his memorial will go to
one of the regular committees. It was transmitted
to me by a naval gentleman, who suggested that
it should be referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs. I move that it be referred to that com-
mittee.
The motion was agreed to.
ORDER.
On motion by Mr. JONES, it was ordered that
Francis Rogers have leave to withdraw his peti-
tion and papers.
RAILROAD TO THE PACIFIC.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, I hold in my hand
resolutions passed by the Legislature of Califor-
nia, in relation to the national railroad from the
Pacific ocean to the Mississippi river, which I pro-
pose, in accordance with instructions, to present
to the Senate.
It may be proper for me to explain the cause of
the delay in presenting these resolutions. The Le-
gislature of California passed but two sets of res-
olutions, with instructions to her Senators to pre-
sent them to the Senate; these I hold in my hand,
and those presented by nie at the last session in
, relation to donations of the public lands to officers
who served in the Mexican war. My colleague
was to have presented the resolutions I now have,
but I presume, from the great press of business
that accumulated 011 us uftcr we took our seats in
this body, the subject escaped his memory. Duty
as well as inclination induce me to bring them be-
fore the Senate, which I would have left to my
colleague but for his unavoidable detention from
his seat.
I move the reference of these resolutions to the
Committee on Roads and Canals. It will be per-
ceived that the Legislature of California, as a pre-
liminary to any action by Congress, recommend
" the organization of an efficient engineer corps to
make complete surveys and explorations of the
several routes which have been recommended to
public notice as practicable for the line of said
road."
In this recommendation I fully concur, believing
that if it be important in short roads, it is still
more indispensably necessary in regard to the
longest road ever proposed to be made, that the
proper route should first be ascertained bv prac-
tical and scientific engineers. We know that the
buffalo and other wild animals march over passes
in the mountains where the elevation is many hun-
dred feet to the mile, which would be wholly im-
practicable for railroads.
The limit of ascent which can be overcome by
railroads has been ascertained to be one hundred
and twenty feet to the mile, and this is a moat
objectionable grade; but buffaloes and other wild
animals, as well as a rider on horseback, inclu-
ding the Indian trapper, have often passed over
heights where the grade was not less than one
thousand feet to the mile. Indeed the grade of the
Cumberland road is in many places over two hun-
dred feet to the mile, which is wholly impracti-
cable for a railroad. I have said this much, not
only in justification of the Legislature of my own
State, but as my protest against any attempt to
commit the Government prematurely to any route
which subsequent developments may prove to be
impracticable. I move that they be referred to
the Committee on Roads and Canals, and that
thev be printed for the use of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the resolution of the
! Legislature of Michigan, requesting their Sena-
1 tors and Representatives to procure the passage of
| an act granting fifty thousand acres of land to the
State for the benefit of normal schools, asked to
be discharged from the further consideration of the
same; which was agreed to.
! Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the report of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office of the 12th March last, in re-
lation to damage sustained by purchasers of certain
public lands in Michigan, in consequence of erro-
neous or fraudulent surveys, submitted a report
in writing, which was ordered to be printed, ask-
ing to be discharged from any further considera-
tion of the subject; which was agreed to.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the petition of citi-
zens of Greenbush, Wisconsin, in relation to the
, title and disposition of certain unsurveyed and
unsold public lands in that vicinity, submitted an
'•adverse report on the same, which was or dered
to be printed, and was agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the memorial of D. Pollock, in behalf of
the heirs of William Harper, submitted an ad-
verse report; which was ordered to be printed, and
was agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the memorial of John Osburn Hogan, rel-
ative to his plan to prevent the overflows of the
Mississippi river and its tributaries, asked to be
discharged from the further consideration of the
same; which was agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the memorial of the emigrants to Califor-
nia, asking that the Independent Emigration
1 Company may be compensated for their labor in
improving the route to California, asked to be
discharged from the further consideration of the
same; which was agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
