1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
13d
referred the memorials of registers and receivers of
the several land offices at Huntsville, Alabama,
Vand&lia, Illinois, and other offices, asking addi-
tional compensation for entering military Bounty
land warrants, asked to be discharged from the
further consideration of the same; which was
agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the documents in relation to the claim of
Charles Melrose, for the correction of an error in
the location of the bounty land warrants, submit-
ted a report in writing, which was ordered to be
printed, accompanied by a bill for his relief; which
was read, and ordered to a second reading.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the memorial of the Legislature of Minne-
sota, asking that the Legislature of that Territory
may have the control of sections thirty-six, grant-
ed for the use of schools, submitted a report in
writing, which was ordered to be printed, accom-
panied by a bill concerning the lands reserved for
schools in the Territory of Minnesota; which wass
read and passed t6 a second reading.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of Victor Morass, asking to
be confirmed in a title in the Detroit land district,
submitted a report in writing, which was ordered
to be printed, accompanied by a bill authorizing
Victor Morass to relinquish tertnin lands, and to
enter the same quantity elsewhere; which was read
and passed to a second reading.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the bill granting to the State of Missouri
a right of way and a portion of the public land for
the purpose of aiding in making a railroad from
St. Louis to the western limits of said State, re-
ported back the same without amendment.
Also, from the same committee, to which the
subject was referred, reported the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, Tbat the Secretary of tbe Interior cause to be
prepared a collection of tbe general public acts of Congress,
and a collection or digest of the official instructions which
have been issued from time to time by the Secretary of the
Treasury, the Secretary of the Interior, and the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, relative to the public
lands, excepting such as refer exclusively, both in principle
and application, to particular and indvidual cases, together
with a collection or digest of the official opinions of the
Attorney General on questions arising under the land laws,
with reference to the decisions of the courts under such
laws; and of the laws, ordinances, and regulations of other
Governments from whom the United States have acquired j
territory by cession, so far as the same apply to the territory
so acquired.
ResolveThnt the Secretary of the Senate cause the gen-
eral public acts of Congress respecting the sale and dispo-
sition of the public lands, together with tbe collection or di-
?;est prepared under tbe foregoing resolution, to be printed
or the use of the Senate.
Mr. BUTLER, from the committee to which i
was referred the bill changing the time of holding I
the circuit and district courts of the United States
for the district of Vermont, reported back the same (
with amendments.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
Mr. RUSK submitted the following resolution;
which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and ,
Post Roads be authorized to employ a clerk during the pres-
ent session of Congress, to date from the commencement of
the present session.
Mr. HAMLIN submitted the following resolu-
• tion; which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be directed
to inquire into the expediency of making an appropriation
for the erection of a marine hospital at Portland Maine.
Mr. UNDERWOOD submitted the following
resolutions; which were considered and agreed to:
_ Resolved, That the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia be directed to inquire into the expediency of paving
Pennsylvania avenue west of the President's Square, and of
providing for having the same lighted at night.
Resolved, That the said committee be further directed to
inquire into the expediency of providing a line of gas lights
from Capitol Square to the Navy Yard, and from the termi- \
nation of Pennsylvania avenue at Rock Creek bridge, up
Bridge street, in Georgetown, to its intprsection with High
street, thence up High street to its western termination.
Mr. SEBASTIAN submitted the following re-
solution; which was considered, by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, Tbat the Secretary of the Interior communi-
cate to the Senate a statement of the relative rights of the '
Cherokees residing cast of the Mississippi nver under the
treaty of 1835, and the Cherokees residing west of the Mis-
sissippi under the treaty of 1846, and who emigrated under ,
the said treaty of 1835, with such information as may be :
material in ascertaining the respective amount" due them ; j
under said treatine,
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED.
Mr. BENTON submitted the following resolu-
, tion for consideration; which lies over one day
■, under the rule:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be directed to
, report to the Senate what advantages to the public service
would be derived from transferring the survey of the coast
from the Treasury to the Navy Department, and what addi-
tional legislation, if any, would be necessary.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, submitted the
following resolution for consideration; jvhich lies
over one day under the rule:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce lie instruct-
ed to inquire into the expediency of amending the provis-
. ions oft lie law in relation to granting registers, enrollments,
and licenses to vessels. «
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. SHIELDS gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce bills of the following titles:
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Nicholas La-
chance and others; and a bill for the relief of the
heirs of Antoine Peltier.
Mr. GWIN gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to provide for the survey
of the public lands in California, the granting of
donation privileges therein, and for other purposes.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, in pursuance of notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a joint res-
olution explanatory of the act of 28th September,
. 1850, for the payment of a company of Indian
volunteers, entitled "An act for the payment of a
company of Indian volunteers;" which was read
a first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. S. also submitted sundry documents rela-
ting to the claim of Captain Black Beaver's com-
pany of Indian volunteers to three months' extra
Say; which were referred to the Committee on
Iilitary Affairs.
PUBLIC LANDS PUBLIC DEBT FINANCES.
• AND DEFICIT.
Pursuant to notice given to that effect, Mr.
BENTON asked leave to bring in a bill to accel-
erate the sales of the public lands for the purpose
of paying the public debt, and extinguishing the
Federal title to lands within the new States, and to
i grant donations and preemptions to actual settlers,
j and cede the unsold and unsaleable lands to the
States in which they lie.
i Mr. B. said the title to his bill was an index to
its contents, and gave a general idea of its scope
and object; but the subject being momentous, and
j himself not of the committee to which it might be
j referred, he deemed it right to make a brief expo- !
i sition of the reasons in which it was founded, and
j of the manner in which it was expected to accom-
plish its objects.
i The first object is the payment of the public
debt, and the means proposed are,accelerated sales
of the public lands. This supposes the fact that
we have, at present, a public debt, and that the
public lands are not doing their part towards the
payment of that debt. Both these assumptions
are true; and a brief statement will show the serious
1 extent to which they are so. We have now a new
national debt, with the prospect that it is to be
larger before it is smaller; and we have public
lands, but they are no longer available as a means
of paying the public debt. The Secretary of- the [
Treasury, in his annual report upon the finances,
discloses these facts to us; and I avail myself of
i his statements to authenticate officially what I say
to the Senate. The debt, in round numbers, (for
this is not a case in which to state fractions,) and
including thg Texas stock, not yet issued, is
$74,000,000, and the interest accruing on the same,
for the ensuing year, $4,210,000, diminishing down
until 1868, when the last item of the public debt is
due, to $2,580,000, and amounting in the whole for
interest 60,000,000, and for principal $74,000,000,
making together $134,000,000. The principal and
interest of the debt being then $134,000,000, it be-
comes a serious burden to all who consider, as I
do, a public debt to be a public curse.
One hundred and thirty-four millions is, then, 1
the amount, principal and interest, of the present
national debt, and is the amount which the people
of the United States will have to pay to get rid of
that debt, provided every item of it shall be paid
■without borrowing, as it becomes due. But
if any part shall be paid by the new process of
paying old debts by creating new ones, then the 1
! total amount of the burden on account of the
|t present national debt, will be as much above
' $134,000,000 as the interest on new loans to pay
i principal and interest on old ones shall amount to.
, Taken either way, it has to be provided for; and
the means, according to our system of finance,
come from two sources—the custom-houses and
the public lands. These are the theoretical sources
of revenues—the theoretical; forone of them, that
of the lands, will cease to be a source of income
afler the present year, and will remain so, if the
present mode of selling is continued without alter-
ation, for sixteen years. This will carry us to •
about the end of the time for paying the
last item of the public debt. The last payment
becomes due in 1868, and sixteen years will bring
us to the verge of that time. This results from
the military bounties of the last session, and at the
previous sessions, and is so well stated by the
Secretary of the Treasury that I shall avail myself
of his words :
" The laws recently enacted giving lands to those Who
served in the war with Mexico, and at the last session to
such as had served in former wars, in addition to grants to
States for internal improvements, will undoubtedly supply
the market with the greater portion of the lands that will
be required for occupation for many years to come. This
source of revenue, therefore—small, indeed, comparatively,
but still in the ten years preceding 1848 available for an an-
nual average of $3,993,616 19, (statement V,)—should not
hereafter be rolled upon with any certainty, or to any con-
siderable amount, in estimating the receipts of tbe Treasury.
"Statement K, appended to this report, shows the number
of warrants located by the acts to which reference has been
made, and the number yet to be located, as estimated from
the pay rolls and other evidences on file, with the quantity
of lands, in acres, required to satisfy them- The quantity
of lands «old and taken from market by virtue of those war-
rants, for the years 1847, 1848, and 1849, is 14,727,742.40
acres, averaging 4,909,247.46 acres per annum, valued at
§18,911,134 76, averaging >$6,303,711 58 per annum.
" The warrants yet to be presented under these acta will
require 78,922,513 acres, valued at $98,653,140. At the
above average of4,909,247.46 acres per annum, over six-
teen years will be required to absorb and satisfy the war-
rants yet to be issued, as estimated under the several bounty
land acts now in force.
"There will then be diverted from the Treasury, from tile
sale of lands, the sum of $113,245,896, not anticipated at the
date when the revenue law of 1846 was enacted. (See
statement K.")
This statement of Mr. Secretary Corwin shows
very clearly that no revenue is to be expected from
the public lands, under the present mode of selling
them, for sixteen years. He might have gone
, further, and shown that they will not defray the
I expenses of their administration during that time,
j and that they are, on the contrary, to be an ex-
, pense of about $700,000 per annum to the Gov-
, ernment during the whole of that time. This fur-
ther point, being omitted by him, I will show my-
i self; and, for that purpose, will have recourse to
I the estimates of expenditure for the management
of the public lands for the ensuing year. These
estimates are:
Office of the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
page 13 of the printed estimates $92,900 00
Contingent expenses, same page  65,912 50
! Surveyors General, and their offices, page 14... 66,220 00
i Survey of the public lands, page 30  282,820 00
Expense of collecting the revenue from lands,
page 42 170,200 00
678,053 50
Thus the public lands, while yielding nothing
for sixteen years, will require an expenditure of
nearly three Quarters of a million per annum, out
of the public Treasury, to defray the expenses of
their administration during all that time—amount-
ing in the whole to nearly $12,000,000. The
whole expenditure of the Government, then, in-
cluding the management of the public lands, will
fall upon the customs; and now let us see what
i these expenditures are to be. The estimated ex-
penditures, according to the report of the Secre-
tary, are to be $46,800,000; and as Congress al-
ways originates some millions of appropriations
over and above the estimates, whicn are always
granted in full, the total expenditure for the
ensuing fiscal year may safely be set down at
$50,000,000. And this enormous sum includes
nothing for a sinking fund—nothing for the gradual
extinction of the new public debt—nothing to go to
the principal of the debt. The interest only is in-
cluded, and to meet the $50,000,000, the sum of
$45,000,000 are estimated from the custom-houses.
If these $45,000,000 were realized it would still
leave a deficit of $5,000,000; but they are not to
be counted upon—at least for succeeding- years.
The Secretary shows that this product from cus-
toms is an unusual amount, flowing from exuber-
