1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
135
and, what rarely happens in matters of revenue, the relief
of the subject will go hand in-hand with the profit of the
exchequer. The revenue to be derived from the sale of the
fnreM lands will not be so considerable as many have im-
agined ; and I conceive it would be unwise to screw it up
In the utmost, or even to suffer bidders to enhance, accord-
ing to their eagerness, the purchase of objects wherein the
expense of that purchase may weaken the capital to be em-
ployed ia their cultivation. The principal revenue which
I propose to draw from these uncultivated wastes, is to
spring from the improvement and population of the king-
dom, events infinitely more advantageous to the revenues
of the Crown than the rents ol the best landed estates
which it can bold. It is thus I would dispose of the un-
profitable landed estates of the Crown ; throw Iktrm into the
man of private property: by which they will come,
through the course of circulation, and through the political
•ecretions of the State, into well-regulated revenue."
Mr. President, I quoted this passage from Burke
twenty-four years ago in this Chamber, deeply
convinced of its profound wisdom at that time. I
have had occasion to think of it often since, and
never more earnestly than at present. I have seen
the sales of our public lands lingering and languish-
ing, involving a great expense in their administra-
tion, a great Federal influence in the new States,
great injury in divers ways in these States; and
after all producing so little revenue, that it re-
quires elaborate tables to be constructed, and some
large items of their cost to be left out to show
that they have produced any, and now, it is in-
disputable that they are to produce nothing! for
ttixteen years to produce nothing! costing $700,000
a year for then: administration—keeping up an
army of idle officers—depriving the new States
both of their taxes and the five per centum in lieu
of them—and keeping large portions of the State
out of the hands of cultivators. In the mean time I
have seen the cultivation of the lands through the
custom-houses—through what Mr. Burke calls the
political secretions of the State—bringing in a large,
an increasing, and a perennial stream of revenue.
AU the custom-house revenue comes from that
•ource. The one hundred millions of agricultural
products which go abroad bring back upwards of
an hundred millions of foreign goods, which pay
the duties which fill—which have filled, are filluig,
and will fill—the Treasury. The forty-five millions
now counted upon by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, as the sole resource of the Treasury, all comes
from that source. Cultivation and improvement
of the country, then, and not the sale of land, is
the source of revenue; and to that I have mainly
looked in the plan I have submitted. I have kept
it in view, in every part of the plan—in the reduced
Srices—in the preference to actual settlers—in the
onations to settlers—and in the cession of the un-
sold and unsaleable lands to the States in which
they lie. I am an enemy to a public debt, and
had the satisfaction to see a large one extinguished.
We see another one created: I impute no blame
about it: but I want to see it extinguished. I see no
such chance at present. As things now stand we
cannot even pay the interest except by creating new
debt—an issue perhaps of these exchequer bills,
called by us Treasury notes, by which a nation is
so easily slided into debt, and by which Sir
Robert Walpole laid the foundation of the present
British debt. I eschew his example, and his re-
source, and go for facing and meeting our new
public debt at once. Rapid sales of the public
lands will do part: economy and retrenchment,
and some tariff reforms, must do the rest. :
Mr. B. then 'asked leave to bring in his bill. I
A BILL to accelerate the sale of the public lands and pay
the public debt; to extinguish the Federal title to lands
within the new States, secure homes to actual settlers,
and to cede the unsaleable and refuse lands to the States
in which they lie.
Be it enacted, trc., That all the public lands which shall i
have been offered at private sale, and shall remain unsold i
on the 30th day of June, 1851, shall thereafter be offered at
one dollar per acre until the 30th day of June, 1853; and
thereafter all remaining unsold at that price shall be offered
at seventy-five cents per acre until the 30th day of June,
1855; and thereafter all remaining then unsold shall be
offered at fifty cents per acre until the 30th day of June,
1657; and thereafter all such land still remaining unsold
shall be offered at twenty-five cents per acre until the 30th
day of June, 1859.
Sec. 9. Jlnd be it further enacted, That every head of a
family, widow, or single man over the age of eighteen
years, who shall on the 30th day of June, 1851, be an actual
settler on any of the public lands then offered for sale at
one dollar per acre, he shall be entitled to a donation of
forty acres, to include his or her settlement, and to a pre-
emptive right to a quantity not exceeding one hundred and
twenty acres, adjacent or contiguous to the donation, at
seventy-five cents per acre, but not to include any other
actual settler; and thirty days shall be allowed such actual
settler to enter his or her donation, and to purchase his or
her preemption. And every such person so settled on the j
30th day of June, 1853, on public land then offered at sev- |
; eaty-five cents per acre, shall in like manner be entitled to
a like donation, and to a like preemption at fifty cents per
acre. And every such person so settled on the 30tl| day of
; June, 1855, shall be entitled to a like donation, and to a
i like preemption at twenty-five cents per acre. And every
; such person so settled on the 30th day of June, IS")?, shall
I be entitled to a like donation and to a like preemption at
five cents per acre. And where two or more persons shall
II be settled on contiguous forty-acre tracts, then the pre-
emptive right of each may be satisfied out of the nearest
vacant Ian4; and all questions between actual settlers shall
be decided immediately and equitably by the register and
receiver.
Sec. 3. Jnd it it further enactei, That all persons own-
ing lands to which the public lands ofltered at graduated
prices in the first section of this bill shall be adjoining, and
| which shall not be entered by an actual settler within the
| respective thirty days limited for his preemptive right, such
person shall be entitled for thirty days after the expiration
of such settlement preemptive right to purchase the same
to the extent of one hundred and sixty acres at the price
fixed in the said first section of this act; and if said public
land should adjoin two or more owners, each of which
should apply for the same, then the adjacent land shall be
divided equally between them, and the quantity of one hun-
dred and sixty acres made up to each, if required, out of
any contiguous public land, free from a settlement pre-
emptive right.
Sec. 4. Jind be it further enacted. That in all cases in
which the public lands in any State shall have been, dr may
hereafter be reduced to less than three millions of acres, the
same shall be granted to the State in which it lies; and all
the public lands which shall have been offered at the grad-
uated prices established in the first section of this bill, and
which shall remain unsold on the 30th day of June, 1859,
shall be ceded to the State in which they lie.
Leave was granted, and the bill was read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands.
AUSTRIA AND THE HUNGARIANS.
A message was received from the President of
, the United States by Mr. M. P. Fillmore, his
Private Secretary, dated the 30th instant, commu-
nicating, in reply to'a resolution of the Senate of
the 26th instant,, certain correspondence between
our Government and Austria. [The correspond-
ence was read, and will be found in the Appen-
dix.]
Mr. CASS then said: Most of that document
would have made a capital speech on my motion to
suspend diplomatic relations with Austria; and I
think it proves that there is a little sympathy be-
I tween me and the Secretary of State on that sub-
ject. I move that it be referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations, and that it be printed for
the use of the Senate.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I think the whole of
, that document would have been a most excellent
argument in support of the resolution which I
' offered as a substitute for that of the Senator from
Michigan. Since I have been a member of the
I Senate I hare not heard anything read which has
fiven me so much satisfaction. It does warm my
eart, and it ought, in my opinion, to warm the
heart of every American to hear such principles
avowed by this Government in the face of the
world. Nothing would give me more satisfaction
than to endorse the whole of it, by agreeing to a
motion to print extra copies, for it avows precisely
the principles which I hold, that we should sym-
pathize with the efforts made in every corner of
the earth for the purpose of establishing free and
liberal principles among men; but that while we
did it we were carefully and cautiously to abstain
from any act of interference with either party in
any civil strife. I consider these to be the doc-
trines of that paper, if I understand it correctly,
and I glory in its being the doctrine of the present
Administration, and of this country.
Sir, nothing would give me more satisfaction
than to print a few hundred, nay, sir, a few thou-
sand of that document, to be distributed among
the people that I represent; and I hope that when
it goes to the Committee on Printing they will re-
port in favor of printing the extra copies, that we
may have them to disseminate among our con-*
stituents.
Mr. CASS. I was about to remark that the
resolution of the Senator from Kentucky was most
excellently worded, but barren and unproductive.
If he had proposed to cut off all intercourse with
Austria it would have been a practical application
of the principle contained in the resolution, and
one which the world called for, and which is suffi-
ciently -announced in the paper which has been
read to meet all my purposes.
Mr. RUSK. I will move that five thousand ex-
tra copies be printed.
Mr. WALKER. I cannot, for one, deem it
necessary to print these extra copies. That is a
paper wnich will go upon the pages of every pub-
lic journal in the country, and I can see no neces-
sity for printing even five thousand copies for the
purpose of disseminating them among our con-
stituents. I think it will oe worse than idle to do
so. You may get it into the hands of five thousand
men among our constituents, but before we can
send it to them they will get it through the public
journals of the country. I am not opposed to the
printing of any extra copies out of any disrespect
to the Secretary of State; for every one who knows
me, and who judges by my conduct, must be
aware of the fact that I entertain for him the most
exalted esteem; but my opposition to the motion
is only for the reasons I have given.
Mr. MANGUM. I will move to amend the
motion of the Senator from Texas by a motion to
print ten thousand extra copies.
Mr. RUSK. I accept of the modification.
Mr. MANGUM. It may be very true, as the
Senator from Wisconsin has said, that this paper
will be printed and go into the public journals; but
the correspondence contains principles deserving
of perpetual preservation. They arc national doc-
trines, American doctrines, openly and manfully
avowed in the eyes of all the world.
Mr. DAWSON. And the rest of mankind.
Mr. MANGUM. Yes, and the rest of mankind.
[Laughter.] Sir, the document contains language
which is always right, and takes the responsibility
of maintaining it. Sir, I am in favor of printing
ten thousand copies, because they will be printed
in a form better calculated to be preserved in the
libraries of the country. I hope the amendment
will prevail.
Mr. RUSK. The expense of the publication of
the number of copies proposed will be very incon-
siderable. I agree in the commendation of the
document which has been made by the Senator
from North Carolina, but there are many small
papers throughout the country which cannot print
it; and besides, it is a document which will bear
reperusal, and I hope it will be put into a shape in
which it may be preserved.
Mr. WALKER. Is there any proposition to
bind and stitch this document?
The PRESIDENT. There is no such propo-
sition.
Mr. WALKER. Such a proposition will be
made, no doubt; and I wish to remind the Senator
from Missouri [Mr. Bentow] that we shall have
another printing job, and another binding and
stitching job. I do hope that those who are op-
posed to such jobs will make it manifest on this
question. I wish to repeat that I endorse the doc-
trine of the document, and that I entertain the
highest respect for the Secretary of State. My
opposition to the motion is only to put a check, to
some extent, on the practice of printing so much.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I suppose there
is no one here who will gainsay any of the main
positions taken by the Secretary of State in that
document; but it seems to me that when it an-
nounces only principles which have always been
avowed by the Government of the United States,
and which every citizen of theUnited States would
endorse, that we are making very much more of
it than is necessary, by ordering the printing of an
extra number of copies. It will probably excite
the opinion abroad that this is not merely a flag
thrown out, bearing upon its folds, as an inscrip-
tion, those well-known principles and feelings,
which every American entertains, and no one dis-
avows, I see no reason why so much excitement
should exist at the bare announcement ofjj. prin-
ciple which has been acknowledged and avowed
by our Government in all former time. I think
we are giving too much importance to the whole
proceeding—it was what our countrymen had a
right to expect, and should be treated as a matter
of course.
Mr. MANGUM. I think it is due eminently
to the late Administration that we should have
these extra copies printed. It is a mark of re-
spect, and I am really surprised to see the objec-
tion come from the quarter whence it does. That
Administration has been called in question by
some of the European Governments. I desire
these principles to be upheld, and to be held in
perpetual remembrance. I think the doctrine of
the last Administration is correct, and that it is in
accordance with the public sentiment of the Amer-
ican people. That doctrine has been called in
question, as if this Government was bound to
look to the Austrian Government for direction in
