ISA
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 30,
any respect. 4 think this insolence should be re- |
buked. I
Mr. DAVIS. I suppose reference was made
to me by the Senator from North Carolina, in the !
remark that he was surprised to hear objection
come from the quarter from which it does come.
I am opposed to no principle contained in the doc-
ument; and I tell liira that I felt such a degree of
confidence in the late Administration, that it was
not exalted at all in my opinion by the act to
which he has referred. It ia my turn to be sur-
prised. I tell him that I think, rather, such exult-
ation exhibits his want of confidence in the late
Administration. I can tell the Senator that the
doctrine avowed is only what I should have ex-
pected of the late President. I felt confident, and
nave not been disappointed; but I am sorry to see
any man think he sustains the late President when
he holds this forward as one of his most glorious
acts. Sir, it was but a feeble expression of that
which made the character of the late President so
worthy of our confidence; it was but the mere
scintillation of that great light which always burned
in his liberty-loving heart. I said that I thought
we were making too much of a small matter, and
I still think so. No man opposed a single sen-
tence of the letter of the Secretary of State; no
man has said anything against the late Adminis-
tration. Why, then, is there an attempt made to
magnify this publication of an ordinary communi-
cation, as though the Administration needed de-
fence ?
Mr. MANGUM. I am utterly unable to con-
ceive in what aspect the Senator from Mississippi
views my remarks, or why he should suffer him-
self to be affected with so much warmth on ac-
count of them. I certainly intended no disrespect
to the late Administration, but I simply wished these
documents to be published in a desirable form. 1
wished that as far as the sense of this body is ex-
pressed, proper rebuke might be given to the inso-
lence of the instructions under which the Austrian
Governmentlias thought proper to address the State
Department. I regard it as insolent that it should
be asserted that our conduct is neither approved,
nor scarcely tolerated. Who cares a pinch of snuff
for that, and does not feel that it is indelicate to
us; that it is unmixed insolence?
Mr. WALKER. Some persons might infer,
from the language of the Senator from North Car-
olina, that those who oppose the printing were
disposed, to some extent, to acknowledge thejus-
tice of the insolence of which he has spoken on
the part of the Austrian Government.
Mr. MANGUM. No, sir, not at all.
Mr. WALKER. Sir, the American people
look on such insolence ftom either Austria or
Russia with contempt. I am opposed to making
this so exalted a matter, as though this was the
first time the American people had ever heard the
doctrine avowed.
Mr. RUSK. I do not look upon this as a con-
temptible matter, or one which ought to be held
in contempt. It is a subject which has been agi-
tated for some time, and been discussed before the
people, and discussed in the halls of Congress; and
it has been taken up by foreign ministers, as I
think, in a rather improper manner, though I am
not disposed to cast censure upon any one. I
think an answer is given in this document which
is most triumphant. It contains true American
principles, expressed in such a manner that I
should like to see them distributed among my
constituents. It was for that reason, and not to
exalt any documents above others, that I made
the motion to print five thousand copies,and very
cheerfully accepted the amendment of the Senator
from North Carolina to print ten thousand. I
look upon it as a good thing, expressing in appro-
priate language the principles of our Government
on a proper occasion; and therefore it is that I
hope the motion may prevail.
Mr. CLAY. In everything which relates to
our foreign affairs, to our connection and inter-
course with foreign Governments, I think it is im-
portant that every branch of the Government
should proceed with great caution and great deli-
cacy. Sir, with respect to Hungary, how much
soever we may deplore it, and regret her inability
to establish her own separate national existence
unon a firm and solid basis, her fate is se:ded.
There is an end to the matter. Our sympathies
can no longer be extended, as they were naturally
extended to her strugling people. And, as there
I is an end to the struggle, is it worth while to con- j
! tinue to irritate either Austria or Russia, or any |
other Power in Europe, upon a subject which is '
past and ended ?
Sir, with respect to the general character of the
paper which has been read to-day, and its ability,
there can be no difference of opinion. It is
marked by great ability as everything which
emanates from that source generally is. But,
sir, is there any necessity for a diffusion of
this paper among the people o'f the United
States ? Who of all of them has ever reproached
the Government of the United States for any
interest, or sympathy, or solicitude which it 1
. exhibited in relation to the affairs of Hungary ?
' Why, then, shall we print these extra copies to j
be distributed, if they are not wanted by the peo-
: pie of the United States ? To a man, they are sat-
isfied with the great principles first laid down by
the immortal Father of his Country, and to which
there has been a general adherence from that day i
to this.
Sir, any interference, no matter how cautious,
how pfudent, how legitimate it may be, in the
affairs of a great Government which is engaged in
a contest with any of its departments, is one of
great delicacy. We have only to reverse the po-
sitions in which we are relatively placed to appre-
ciate it. Suppose auy one of the States of this
Union was in a state of revolt against the Gen-
eral Government, and any European Power should
send an agent here for the purpose of obtaining
■ information, even such as that which our agent
was sent to Hungary to procure, certainly it would
create agreat deal of feeling throughout the United
States. In judging, then, of the conduct of a
foreign Government, either in its associated or
individual capacity, we ought, to some extent at
. least, to place ourselves in their position, and to
inquire what we should expect, being in their po-
sition.
While I confess that I most cordially approve
of the general tone of reasoning contained in the
t paper which is the subject of these remarks, there
are some things which, perhaps, are to be received
, with limitation and doubt. It is true that in some
|; sense a communication between the President of
,, the United States and Congress, or either branch
of it, is a domestic document, but the moment it
! is published, it is transmitted to every quarter of
the globe; and I think if we look into the history
of our diplomacy, we shall find unquestionable
precedents where foreign Governments have been ;
called to account for acts which were somewhat if
not wholly of a domestic character. Even occur-
rences of the day, as seen in the periodicals of the
country, have been the subject of diplomatic action.
! Sir, does the fact that it is of a domestic character
I limit its publicity? It is published throughout the
world; if you say anything in that document
which another Government must feel as a reproach
to it, is it any consolation to reflect that while the
whole world knows what you have said dispar-
agingly of her, the whole world knows that it was
a domestic matter?
Sir, I think there are abundant grounds, and
those of sufficient strength to justify the course
of our Government, without relying too much
upon the topic to which I have referred. My
opinion is, that there is no necessity for printing
the great number of copies which has been pro-
posed. Do you propose to distribute these docu-
ments among the people of the United States?
They do not want them. They have never heard
anything about this correspondence. I had no
knowledge as to the motion instructing the Sec-
retary of State to furnish such a communication
till I heard it read to-day. The principles con-
tained in that paper are fastened and fixed in the
American heart and mind, and the effect of order-
ing the printing of an extra number of copies will
be only to continue the irritation which may exist
between a foreign Government and this, at a time
when the origin and cause of the unfortunate irri-
tation has totally ceased by the deplorable result
to Hungary which has occurred. Sir, I really
do not know how I can take any part in this sub-
ject, but I beg gentlemen to recollect, that although
we may be only asserting principles which are in-
disputable, we should in such a delicate matter
move with caution and circumspection, establish-
ing no principles which may in the future history
of the country react disadvantageously to us; no
, principles which shall in any way put the world
against us. Why do we want this document
published ? It is not wanted in America, for every
sentiment it contains is felt and cherished in every
American heart. Do you want to send it to
Austria, to Russia, or to Great Britain? And do
you expect to make proselytes there to these great
principles, which they know already are our prin-
ciples? I do not then, upon the ground of giving
information to the people of the United States or
upon any other ground, see the necessity of pub-
lishing an extra number of copies of this docu-
ment.
Mr. MANGUM called for the yeas and nays
on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HAMLIN. Is the question nowonprint-
ing only, or on printing ten thousand extra copies?
The PRESIDENT. It is on printing ten thou-
sand extra copies.
Mr. HAMLIN. Has the correspondence been
ordered to be printed?
The PRESIDENT. It has been ordered to be
printed, and referred to the Committee on Foreign
| Relations.
! The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted:
YEAS—Messrs. Baldwin, Bell, Cass, Clemens, Cooper,
Davis of Massachusetts, Dawson, Downs, Ewing, Felch,
Mangum, Ru-k, Smith, Soule, Sturgeou, Underwood.
Wales, and Winthrop—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Benton, Berrien, Bradbury, Bright, But-
1 ler, Clarke, Clay, Davis of Mississippi, Dodge of Wiscon-
sin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Hamlin, Jones, King, Mor-
ton, Norris, Sebastian, Shields, Turney, Walker, and
Whitcomb—21.
So the motion was not agreed to.
CHANGE OF VENUE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives by Mr. Young, their Clerk:
"Mr. President: The House of Representatives have
passed the bill from the Senate to authorize a change of
venue in certain cases with amendments, in which they
request the concurrence of the Senate."
The amendment of the House is to strike out
all the bill after the enacting clause and insert the
following:
" That the civil and equity cases now pending, or such as
may hereafter be instituted in the United States circuit
court for the District of Columbia, in which the next of kin
and the heirs and legal representatives of General Thaddeuu
Kosciusko may now or hereafter be parties, complainants
or defendants, inay and shall be removed from the said cir-
cuit court for the District of Columbia to the United States
circuit court for the district of Maryland, sitting in Balti-
more, upon application of either party, or any counsellor,
attorney, or solicitor of the parties, made to the clerk of the
circuit court for the District of Columbia, and supported
by atfidavit that there is reason to believe that a fair and
j impartial trial in said court tor the District of Columbia
| cannot ballad."
The House of Representatives had also amended
j the title of the bill so as to make it read, " An act
to authorize a change of venue in a certain case
therein mentioned.
The Senate then proceeded to consider the
amendment of the House of Representatives.
Mr. WALKER. I move that the Senate con-
cur in the amendment of the House.
Mr. TURNEY. I think this matter should
appropriately go to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary; and I move that it be referred to that com-
mittee.
The PRESIDENT. The question is upon re-
ferring the bill and amendment to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. WALKER. Mr. President, I trust the Sen-
ate will deem it altogether unnecessary to refer this
matter to the committee. The Senate, without even
a division, without any opposition, passed the bill
originally as a general bill, authorizing a change of
venue from the courtsof this District to the United
States courts in Maryland and Virginia. That
bill went to the House of Representatives, and was
referred to their Judiciary Committee. The Ju-
diciary Committee of the House of Representatives
deemed the bill an infraction of the Constitution of
the United States, because it proposed to give in-
directly a jurisdiction to the courts of the United
States which could not be given to those courts di-
rectly. For instance, there are parties to a suit in
the District of Columbia, both of whom are resi-
dents of the District; they cannot bring a suit into
one of the United States courts in the State of
Maryland or in the State of Virginia, but must
bring the suit here. Thus indirectly, under the
general bill by a change of venue, a suit might be
brought in the courts of the United States in either
