18A0.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IS*
Maryland or Virginia. That bein;
of the House Committee on the judiciary, they
reported this special bill as a substitute, the par-
ties standing in such & relation that in this case the
United States courts might take original jurisdic-
tion. The design of the House was to obviate
this constitutional difficulty. The amendment of
the House provides that either party in cases in
which the heirs of General Kosciusko are, or shall
be interested, may have the venue changed to the
United States circuit court for Maryland, upon
affidavit that there is reason to believe a fair and
impartial trial cannot be had in the District of Co-
lumbia. This is simply what is proposed. It is
what is perhaps allowed in every county in almost
every State in the Union.
Some have raised the objection that it is a tacit,
an implied censure upon the judges of the courts
of this District. There is nothing of the kind,
when the matter is looked at properly. It cannot
be construed into anything of the kind. There is
no judge in the United States that is not subject
to the same imputation, according to this mode of
reasoning. Every application that is presented for
a change of venue is an imputation upon the judge,
if this would be an imputation; and those who
raise that argument seem to me to claim an immu-
nity for the judges of the District of Columbia
which is not claimed nor possessed by any other
judge in the United States. Looking upon the
matter in this light, and deeming it but just that a
general right to change the venue here should be
given if possible, I cannot see any impropriety in
passing tliis bill. Nor can I see anv necessity for
referring this bill to the Judiciary Committee. I
should be pleased, for one, to see the amendment
concurred in; and hereafter, if upon an examina-
tion of the question, we find that a general law
can bepassed without violating the Constitution
of the United States, let us pass it. I still believe,
as our Judiciary Committee believed at the time
they reported the bill, that it ought to be passed.
But at present we have before us the amendment of
the House of Representatives, a substitute for the
bill, which I wish to see concurred in at once.
Mr. TURNEY. I know nothing of the spe-
cial case referred to in this amendment, nor of
the reasons which should induce either party to
avail themselves of the provisions of this bill.
But I am from principle opposed to this special
mode of legislating for particular lawsuits, and
conferring upon certain persons engaged in litiga-
tion extraordinary privileges'over and above all
others. I believe that all these things should de-
pend upon a general law. All parties litigant
should nave the same rights in the courts of the
United States. A«d if anything would reflect
on the Judiciary of the District, it would be
this special mode of legislation. It amounts to
a direct charsre against the courts in regard to
this particular case; but there should be a general
law to regulate this subject. I do not see why
this case should be taken out of the general prin-
ciples that govern the trial of suits in the District
of Columbia. I know of no reason why an ex-
traordinary course of legislation should be applied
to this case more than to any other.
I am prepared to vote for a general 'law, author-
izing a change of venue when sufficient ground
for such a change should be made out to the satis-
faction of the court. But I am not prepared to
say that all other suitors who have lawsuits here
shall try them here, while this case shall form an
exception to the rule. If there be any tfliestion
as to the constitutionality of this bill, it must apply
to this special mode of legislation, this giving ex-
clusive rights and privileges to A, B, and C, over
the general mass of suitors who ha*e lawsuits in
the courts of the District. This constitutes with
me an objection to the amendment of the House.
And I think a question of this importance should
be examined by the appropriate committee of this
body. Hence I made the motion to refer the bill,
with the amendment of the House, to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. It might elicit from them
their views and opinions on the constitutional
power of Congress 011 this subject, and on the ex-
pediency of adopting .a system of policy of this
sort. 1 hope the motion will prevail, and that
we will have the light which that committee will
be able to throw on the subject.
Mr. WALKER. I would be opposed to this
bill myself if it proposed to give to one side—to
one of the parties in litigation—only the right to
change the venue. But what is the amendment
of the House ? It is simply that in these particu-
lar suits, which had their inception in 1819, and
which have been pending nearly thirty-two years,
either side, upon making an affidavit that they
cannot have justice done them here, can have the
case taken to Maryland. That is the whole of
the amendment. I presume almost the same thing
is done in nearly every county in every State in
the Union. We sent the House a general bill.
The House of Representatives had objections to
it, and have sent us back this amendment. It is
general in its provisions as to all the vast number
of parties interested in these particular cases which
have been pending so long. It seems that there
is justice, that there is propriety, without intend-
ing to cast any censure upon the courts of the Dis-
trict, in passing this bill, so as to allow these par-
ties to carry their case to Maryland, and have it
finally decided. 1
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. What is the
question ?
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion to refer the bill and the amendment of the
House of Representatives to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I hope it will
be referred.
The motion was agreed to.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN ALABAMA.
The engrossed bill to change the time of hold-
ing the United States district courts in Alabama,
and for other purposes, was read a third time and
passed.
BOUNTY LAND BILL.
A message was received from the. House of
Representatives by Mr. Young, their Clerk:
Mr. President: The House of Representatives have
passed a joint resolution explanatory ot the act approved
September 28,1850, entitled "All act granting bounty lands
to certain officer* and soldiers who have been engaged in
the military service of the United States," in which they
request the concurrence of the Senate.
The resolution was read a first and second time
by unanimous consent.
Mr. PELCH. I move that that joint resolu-
tion be referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I would appeal to the
Senate to know whether there is any propriety in
having this joint resolution referred at all? It
contains but a single proposition, and that is, to
make warrants assignable, or rather to say that
nothing in the act passed at the last session should
prevent their assignability. That is the solitary
proposition whicli the resolution contains. It
seems to me that the delay of reference is hardly
necessary. I am informed that the officers of the
Department would require, in the issuing of war-
rants, a knowledge of the fact whether Congress
intended to make them assignable or not, so that
they might word the warrant accordingly, and
give instruction how they should be assigned;
and therefore it is important to act upon it direct-
ly, if it is the intention to make them assignable,
so that in preparing the warrants and certificates
these instructions may be given, and the certifi-
cates be worded in such a manner as-to show
how they are assignable. I mention this as the
reason why I think prompt action on it is import-
ant, and that the resolution should be put on its
passage, without the formality of reference.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I hope it will be re-
ferred. I think it was the well-ascertained sense
of the Senate at the last session that these war-
rants should not be made assignable. That sub-
ject was debated at very great length, and this
shows how rapidly those propositions grow. I
remember when the proposition first originated in
regard to Mexican bounty land warrants. The
Senator from Missouri fought assignability then.
It passed in such a shape that no person supposed
the warrants would be assignable, and directly
they were found to be assignable. The Senate
voted upon this very proposition directly; and so
decided was it, that when an error of the Clerk
was discovervd, the matter was amended, so far
as the Senate was concerned, by a bill which was
introduced by the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Walker.] The House of Representatives passed
an amendment directly antagonistic, and they
have sent back a proposition making these war-
rants assignable, thus creating a paper currency
based on the public lands. I hope the resolution
will be referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I think the Senator from
Iowa labors under a little error in regard to his
; recollection. As the bounty land bill passed, the
construction which the House put upon it was
that warrants were assignable; and this is shown
by the fact that when the Senate passed the bill
alluded to by the Senator from Iowa, and sent that
bill to the House, the House refused to pass it,
with a view of retaining the assignability of war-
rants. Such was their construction of the bill as
it originally passed. That is my understanding of
the history of the matter. But I do not sqp, if this
matter is to be discussed again, why it can be
necessary to refer it at all to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands. This resolution contains but a single
proposition, and it seems to me, if we are to refer
it, it may produce delay, and that dely would be
mischievous. If we are to make them assignable,
the Commissioner of Pensions, the Third Auditor,
or whatever branch of the Government has charge
of it, ought to know, so that they may prepare the
warrants or certificates accordingly. The plates,
it is said, will have to be prepared. That has not
yet been done, as I am informed, and therefore
prompt action on the subject seems to me to be
desirable and necessary, and as it is but a single
proposition, I do not see the necessity for the
delay.
4 hope, Mr. President, that the warrants will be
made assignable. I have conversed Bince the last
session of Congress with a great many of my con-
stituents on that subject. I have received letters
upon the subject, which I have now before me,
and from my conversation and by these letters, I
am convinced that those whom I represent are in
favor of the assignability of these warrants. The
old men in my section of the country, who are
domiciled in Kentucky, do not want to move; they
wish to avail themselves of whatever they can sell
their warrants for, and remain where they are, and
therefore want the opportunity of assigning their
warrants. And, my word for its if you refuse to
make them assignable, you will take a great many
more dollars out of the pockets of these old men
by letting the law remain as it is than you will by
making warrants assignable, for they will sell their
claims notwithstanding your provision. Thev
will part with the interest they have in the certifi-
1 cate or warrant, and you, by virtue of the obstruc-
j tions which you throw in their way, will give the
! speculator an opportunity of demanding more from
I the owners of tne claims for their services in look-
ing for and obtaining the patents. That will be
the effect of your legislation; and instead of bene-
fiting those that by your law you intended to serve
and Denefit, you will injure them to the extent of
I the difficulties which will be placed in their way,
| and enable the speculator to demand more of them
than they would otherwise be willing to give them.
! That will be the effect.
Mr. WALKER. I wish to correct the Senator
from Kentucky in regard to one fact. He says
that at the last session the Senate passed a bill to
correct a mistake which had been made in the en-
grossment of the bounty land bill which was
passed; that that bill to correct the error went to
the House of Representatives, and the House re- '
fused to pass it, and thereby gave us an indication
that they intended to make these warrants assign-
able. The fact is, that we passed our explanatory
bill in the last moments of the session, on the
morning when we were about to adjourn. The
bill went to the House of Representatives, and so
anxious were they to get it through that while one
member of the House could have prevented action
on it that day, it was taken up for action, the yeas
and nays were called for, they were progressing in
the call, and had reached, I believe, the letter H,
when the hammer of the Speaker fell, and the ses-
sion was at an end. That is the way they refused
to pass it. ...
1 They have, however, now given us an mdica-
tion that they desire the warrants to be made ne-
, gotiable. I will state what was said to me by mi
agent for the purchase of land warrants in this
city. He said that if these warrants were made
negotiable, he could buy these claims by the hun-
dred here, in the streets of Washington, for twen-
ty-five or thirty dollars for a warrant of one hun-
dred and sixty acres.
Now, is not this a great " boon to the war-worn
soldier," as we termed it at the last session ? Does
