1*8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 30,
it not come with an 111 grace frdm those who so
much favored that bill now to vote to make this
great and exalted boon to the old soldier just twen-
ty-five or thirty dollars ? However these soldiers
mav view their rights—and if they view them as
giving them no greater advantage than such as this,
they view them wrongly—if they will get their
land and sell, not their rights, but sell the land, my
word for it they can get more than the Senate really
thought or expected it was giving them when they
passed that bill. Their lands, when once located,
will give than in six cases out of ten, if they lo-
cate them properly, from four to ten dollars per
acre. That is some benefit. We can feel gratified
that such a result has happened to the soldier who
has fought the battles of his country. But we can
take no pleasure in seeing a parcel of sharpers and
land speculators getting these warrants in their
> hands as a paper circulating medium, to monopo-
lize the public lands at the rate of twenty-five or
thirty dollars for one hundred and sixty acres.
Mr. EWING. I wish to say a very few words,
with respect to this resolution. My opinion is,
that the soldier himself will get more for his war-
rant if it be made assignable than he will if it is
to be located by himself. 1 have no supposition
that the warrants would sell for twenty-five dollars
for one hundred and sixty acres. Although some
■peculator may have said he could purchase them
at that price, it does not therefore prove that he
could. But the difficulty is not whether the soldi^r
will get more money—it lies elsewhere with me.
I am satisfied if these warrants are made assign-
able that they will sell at a depreciated price; they
will come dowu to one hundred dollars for one
hundred and sixty acres, or perhaps below that.
That is bringing them too low. Our public lands
have been held up at one dollar and a quarter
ail acre. I think great benefits have resulted
to the country by holding them at that price.
Permit them to be brought down to a low and
speculative price; bring the public lands in a
great quantity down to fifty cents an acre, in-
stead of a dollar and a quarter, and millions
of acres will go at once into the hands of spec-
ulators ; whole counties in the new States will
be taken up by speculators, and thus retard the
settlement of the country, and delay and disturb
the regular order of the disposition of the public
lands. If this amount were small I would not
object to it, but it is very large. It will create that
general disturbance which is to produce these bad
results to which I object, and will compel me to
vote against this provision, although I believe, as
I said before, that the soldier will get more money
for his warrant than if he locates the land. But
it would produce a bad effect upon the public in-
terests and upon the settlement of the new country
it will put land into the hands of the speculators;
the land will be out of the market, the title cannot
be procured, and they will retard to that extent
the settlement of the new country, and disturb the
regular flow of population into tne West. It was
for this reason I voted -against making these war-
rants assignable at the last session. I hold the
same opinion now, and I shall vote against it
again, and for this reason only.
The PRESIDENT. Theproposition is to refer
the joint resolution to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. When this
question was up before I attempted to persuade the
Senate that these warrants would be of very little
utility to soldiers in that portion of the country
from which 1 come, unless made assignable. I
admit that there is force in the reasoning of the
Senator from Ohio. I think that>if these warrants
are made assignable, they will sell under their par
value. But suppose you make them not assign-
able and drive the soldier to take out a patent as
now proposed, the question is, do you get rid of
the evil, or do you only change it from one spot
to another?
We have a little experience upon this subject.
If you refuse to make these warrants assignable,
aid make the soldier take out a patent, the conse-
quence is that you make the grant less beneficial
to him than itwould otherwise be; for I apprehend
there cannot be a particle of doubt on the mind of
any man that the warrant is worth more money to
the soldier than the patent. Do you stop specula-
tion when you compel a man to take out a patent?
The patent is saleable as well as the warrant. This
land itself is saleable, and the party can convey it.
I know personally that thousands, and I verily be- ,
lieve hundreds of thousands of acres of land were
sold at about fifty cents an acre to speculators,
after soldiers of the war of 1812 had received from
this Government their patents. There were per-
sons who made it their regular business to buy
up these titles and vest thein in themselves, and
they proceeded in that as a matter of speculation,
and made a vast deal of money. The effect, then,
of this operation, is to do a thing in the first place
injurious to the soldier when you refuse to make
these warrants assignable und transfer the spirit of
speculation to another point in the transaction,
"lhat is all. You do not stop it at all. You do
not suppress it. You do not diminish it. That
is the effect; and, in order to work out a proposi-
, tion of this sort, in no way beneficial to the coun-
try, you do a very essential injury to the individ-
ual whom you intend to benefit.
In Massachusetts whut is a patent for forty
acres of land worth? What can a man do with it?
How can he turn it to any beneficial purpose
without its costing actually more than it is worth ?
So it is if you go up to one hundred and sixty
acres. It is not available to him; it is not in any
way useful, unless you give that class of men so
correctly described by ray friend from Kentucky
the privilege of making sale of the warrants. This
is the only way the grant can be made beneficial
to them. I still remain of the opinion which I en-
tertained, that if the real purpose of the bounty
land bill was to benefit tne soldier; if this was
really the design of Congress in passing the law,
they could not better subserve the object they had
in view tharf by making these warrants assignable
—saleable in that form before the land is located;
and I hope, therefore, that the resolution now
under consideration will meet the approbation of ,
the Senate.
Mr. CLAY. I think this discussion is entirely
out of order on the question of reference.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is aware of
that, yet it lias found it difficult to restrain gentle-
men.
Mr. CLAY. I hope the reference will take
place, and that the committee will act speedily on
the subject. I think it very important that a decis-
ion should be had one way or the other, as the .
officers of the Government are now waiting, I be-
lieve, to know the intention of Congress as to this
matter. ,,
The PRESIDENT. In consequence of the ,
: suggestion of the Senator from Kentucky, the
Chair will take occasion to state, in order to pre-
vent in future a discussion of the merits of a bill
on a simple proposition to refer, that he feels a :
i difficulty m restraining gentlemen, when they are
stating the grounds upon which they think a bill '
should be acted on immediately rather than.be re-
ferred to a committee. But gentlemen should con-
fine themselves strictly to that, and not go into the
1 merits of the bill generally.
Mr. FELCH. I think this discussion shows
that the resolution which is now before us involves
an important principle, and one which ought not .
to be discussed in this preliminary manner. The
Senate have once had tlie matter under considera-
tion. The bounty land bill, as it originally came
from the House at the last session, contained a
a provision such as is now contained in this joint
resolution. The Committee on Public Lancfs re-
ported an amendment to strike out that clause.
The Senate upon discussion agreed to that amend-
ment, and it was subsequently concurred in by
the House. As the Senate have had some inform-
ation of the practical operation of the law, and
as the Committee on Public Lands is somewhat
differently constituted from what it was at the last
session, I think itwould be found more convenient
to let the matter be referred to them.
Mr. TURNEY. So far as the history of the
passage of the bill is concerned, I differ with the
Senator from Michigan. I believe there was an
amendment of the character the Senator suggests
made to the bill after it came from theHouse, not,
however, upon discussion. It was made before
the Senate discovered the effect of it. I under-
stood, from conversation with Senators and with
the member of the committee who seemed to have
charge of that bill, that the amendment would be
abandoned when the bill should be reported to the
Senate. Certain it is, the Senate did vote down a
proposition of the Senator from Wisconsin fixing ,
, a direct prohibition upon the sale of these lands. |J
The Senate voted that proposition down upon dis-
cussion; but we adopted the amendment spoken
of by the Senator from Michigan without discus-
sion .
The Senator from Wisconsin, however, refers
us to what some speculator says would be the effect
of this resolution. That speculator, perhaps, has
in his possession a large number of warrants,
which were issued to those who served in the
Mexican war. If you do not pass this bill these
warrants will not come in competition with those
he has, and he will have an exclusive opportunity
of supplying the market and furnishing with lnnd
those who are emigrating to the States where there
are public lands. Pass this bill, however, and you
bring these warrants in competition with the spec-
ulator who tells the Senator from Wisconsin that
he could buy them for twenty-five or thirty dollars
f>er one hundred and sixty acres. I do not be-
ieve the declaration of that speculator. He made
it from interested motives, because he does not de-
sire this resolution to pass. He does not desire a
man removing to Wisconsin, or Missouri, or other
States where there are public lands, to go to any-
body but himself and those who have bought war-
rants granted to those who served in the Mexican
war.
We know that a man about to remove to Mis-
souri, or any State where there are public lands,
would rather have a land warrant to locate land
wherever he might choose, than have a patent for
a tract of land with which he was not acquainted.
A man removing there desires to locate land where-
ever he may find it best, and hence he would give
more for a warrant than for a patent. The specu-
lator spoken of by the Senator from Wisconsin,
owning the warrants of soldiers in the Mexican
war, does not desire those warrants to come in
competition with his. Hence he is out of doors
using his influence, and even telling falsehoods to
defeat the passage of this resolution.
My object is to benefit the man who rendered
the military service. I am satisfied he can get a
better price for the warrant than for the patent. A
man removing from Tennessee to Missouri desires
to select his county, his neighborhood, and his
land. Hence he will give more for a warrant
which enables him to locate where he pleases, than
for a patent which confines him to a particular lo-
cation. If the object be to benefit the soldier, he
should certainly have the right of selling his war-
rant.
It is said the House would have passed the bill
of the Senator from Wisconsin at the last session
but for want of time. I do not think an argument
of that sort ought to operate with this body. Sinc^
that period, however, the members of that House
have returned to the bosom of their constituents,
and have heard what they had to say on the sub-
ject. They have ascertained that the people feel
capable of managing a land warrant. The people
have ascertained that it would be more valuable
to them to sell the warrant than the patent. The
House have now acted in obedience to the will of
the great mass of the American people. Those
who can get up and harp on the change of opinion
in the House may do so. For myself, I prefer
following public opinion. This change of opinion
on the part of the House has not been produced
after an absence from their constituents of eight or
nine months; but it has been changed immediately
after members had an opportunity of conferring
with their constituents. Their change of opinion
has beei i'n accordance with the will of the Amer-
ican people, which, in my opinion, ought to pre-
vail.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will be under
the necessity of calling gentlemen back to the fact
that the resolution is not under consideration.
The question is simply on the motion to refer.
Mr. TURNEY. I believe I have not departed
from the rule.
The motion to refer the joint resolution to the
Committee on Public Lands was then agreed to.
CUSTOM-HOUSE AT NEW ORLEANS.
The PRESIDENT of the Senate laid before the
body a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, made in compliance with a resolution
calling for information as to the condition of the
custom-house now in progress of construction at
New Orleans, and the causes which led to the re-
moval of the architect charged with the superin-
tendence of the building; which was read, and,
