140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 31,
fending was that of the gentleman from Ohio,
Mr. Cartter,] to strike out the word " three,"
in the first section of the original bill, and inaert
the word "five " in lieu thereof, so that it will
read, " upon each letter not weighing over half an
ounce, when postage is paid where such letter is
mailed,-five cents," &c. Also, in the eighteenth
line, second section of the bill, after the word
" ounce," to insert the following proviso:
Provided, That ao postage (hall be charged upon any
newspaper mailed and delivered within the county where
published.
The CHAIRMAN said that the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Hebard] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. POTTER asked the gentleman from Ver-
mont to give way for a moment to allow him to
make an explanation.
Mr. HEBARD said he would
purpose of explanation
Mr. POTTER. I
[ give way for the
rise simply to say that I in-
tend to press this question upon the consideration
of the House until a final disposition shall be
made of it. It has been already a number of days
aince this bill has been made the special order. It
was under consideration the last session, and
failed to become a law solely on account of the
Sneral appropriation bill being pressed upon the
ouse to the exclusion of this bill; the general
appropriation having taken precedence as a special
oraer, by the rules of the House.
I now give notice that I intend that this bill
shall not fail in coming to its passage in conse-
quence of the rules of the House giving the gen-
eral appropriation bill precedence over it as a spe-
cial order.
I intend to move, and I hope the House will
sustain me in the proposition, that the discussion
of this bill shall close on Monday next. I give
this notice for the purpose of giving those who
propose to make any remarks upon this bill time
for preparation, and I hope every gentleman will
come prepared to say what he has to say on this
matter on Monday next.
I wish to say further, that I have not pressed
this matter upon the consideration of the House
during the holidays, on account of the fact that
many members have necessarily been absent from
the city, with their families. But I trust we shall
have a full House by Monday next, when I de-
sire to test the sense of the House upon the sev-
eral propositions the committee now have under
consideration.
These are all the remarks I intended to make,
and I thank the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Hebard] for the privilege of making the explana-
tion.
Mr. HEBARD said: Mr. Chairman, when the
committee last had this subject under consider-
ation, I was proceeding to remark upon some
amendments that I had sent to the desk to be read.
It was my purpose then to have detained the com-
mittee but a short time, in the few remaftiing
remarks that 1 had to submit, and so long a
time has since elapsed, that I shall be still more
brief than I then intended. The first amendment
proposes a smaller sheet to pass through the mail
at the fixed rate, than the one proposed by the
bill. The amendment proposes to substitute
twelve hundred, for nineteen hundred inches. If I
am not mistaken, twelve hundred inches will give a
larger paper than is printed in this city, and unless
the size is restricted to something less than nine-
teen hundred inches, no restriction is needed. No
merely reading paper will exceed twelve hundred
inches. It would only exclude thosS mammoth
sheets that are filled with advertisements and other
worthless matter, and which become a burden
to the mail, and a nuisance to those to whom they
are sent. I do not regard the amendment of very
great importance; but I repeat, let the size be re-
stricted within some reasonable limits, so as to at-
tach to it some practical utility; or let all papers
pass without any restriction as to their size.
The next amendment is one that I regard of
more importance, and the adoption or rejection of
this, or some other of a kindred kind, will show
the determination of the committee upon this part
of the reform. Some discrimination in favor of
the country press is needed, to put it upon an
eqality with the city press. I am not disposed to
make war upon the city papers, but they have fa-
cilities whicn the country papers hare not; but the
discrimination proposed is only incidental. The ,
city papers enjoy tne same privilege, hut as it is 1
an encouragement that they lees need, the country
papers derive more benefit from it. The country
press cannot be dispensed with, on account of its
local intelligence; and it is as necessary as the
city press, tor diffusion of general intelligence,
anil siiould therefore receive uuu encouragement
that is claimed. It is the true policy of an enlight-
ened and liberal Government to provide for the
general diffusion of intelligence among the people.
That some amendment of the kind should be
adopted, I regard of intrinsic importance; the par-
ticular form or provision, if the principle is se-
cured, is all that is important. But I am not quite
prepared, with the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
(Mr. Case?,] to say that unless this can be se-
cured, I shall go against the whole bill. I am
for what I can get; 1 am for a radical change in
the rates of postage upon letters and papers. 1 am
for such a change as the condition of our finances
will warrant, and such as an intelligent public, in
the whole length and breadth of the land, are de-
manding. but if I cannot get all I desue, I will
accept of what can be obtained.
Tne objection that our Government is in debt,
is to me a very poor argument against doing jus-
tice to this Department. True, we are m debt,
and it was brought upon us, in my judgment, by
a very unwise policy. If this deut is any argu-
ment for retrenchment, let it begin by lopping off
the extravagant appropriations by hundreds and
thousands, and hundreds of thousands, and not
attempt to replenish the revenue by holding on to
a few cents of postage.
Another objection that is urged against this re-
form is not deserving of great consideration. It
is saia that the great towns and cities are the only
ones to be benefited, and that of these petitions none
of them originated in tne agricultural districts.
Sir, I represent an agricultural district, and an ag-
ricultural State—and a State that pays a large
excess of postage beyond the.expense incurred—
and I must here be permitted to deny for my con-
stituents, what the gentleman from Missouri asserts
for his, that the people who signed these petitions
neither knew wiiat they signed nor desired what
they asked. I assert, sir, tor mine, that they did
botn know what they signed, and felt an interest
in the subject, and desired wnat they asked. I do
not admit that the petitions upon tin's subject that
I have presented were gotten up in the cities,—
they originated where they were signed. But
, supposing it to be true that the business people of
] the cities pay the most postage, and feel the most
I interest in this matter, is that any argument against
this reform ? Why should the merchant, the mnn-
1 ufacturer, or the broker be oppressively taxed,
more than other classes ? If they receive more
letters, they pay in proportion more postage. They
have the same rights in common with others, and
the same burdens to bear. I repeat, then, sir,
in accordance with the spirit of improvement and
the age, give the people the reform they so loudly
call for. Remove this obstacle to the dissemina-
tion of truth, to social intercourse, and the im-
provement of the kindly and humane principles
of our natures. I must be permitted to repeat,
that I am astonished at the opposition that this
measure has met. It is to me remarkable that
our country should so doggedly insist upon lag-
ging so far in the rear of Great Britain, upon a
subject in which the most vital principles of lib-
erty and prosperity are involved. And I here
yield the floor without further tresspassing.
Mr. CHANDLER. I shall detain the House
but a few minutes, and only with a view of refer- .
ring to some points presented in the arguments of
gentlemen who have preceded me, rather than to
advocate the principle of " cheap postage." It
appears to me, sir, that the public sentiment has
been so clearly and generally expressed on that
subject, that we have had little else to do than to
conform to its public wishes, and authorize by
enactment the measure our constituents require,
and injure its success by a careful preparation of
the means.
Sir, the growing business of the country de- 1
mands a reduction of postage; and the experience
of a great commercial country on the other side of
the Atlantic justifies a much lower rate than,
until lately, has been deemed practicable here.
Nay, sir, the suggestions of business and the pos-
sibilities for its resorts, point to a reduction in the
rate of postage as a means to sustain the efficien-
cy of the Post Office Establishment, and insure 'i
to the social correspondence of the country the
advantages that are to be derived from business
intercourse by letters. I regret to notice in the
remarks of honorable gentlemen a disposition to
impute to merchants and business men a selfish
desire to profit by the proposed reduction on post-
age, as if such a reduction would necessarily oper-
ate for the good of business men alone, while it
might militate against the interests of rural dis-
tricts. Sir, the exact opposite is the fact; and,
though the reduction of postage is upon an infi-
nitely greater number of letters for and to mer-
chants in cities than between others in rural por-
tions of the country, vet the latter are entirely de-
pendent upon the mail for the transmission of their
correspondence; while the merchants may cause
their letters to be conveyed in bundles as merchan-
dise, and at package prices, quite as punctually and
safely as by the mail at high postage rates; yet
these are the persons who are willing to pay Gov-
ernment for the transportation of their letters more
than individuals charge, and are willing that what
is considered their benefit should be equally
shared by others. While the post office seems in
the eyes of some so essential to the intercourse
of merchants and business men, they are in fact,
of all our citizens who have any correspondence,
the most independent of postal enactments.
Gentlemen ought to regard all the institutions of
our country as moral as well as fiscal and political
means; and then they would see that while cheap
postage would facilitate the intercourse of business
men, who would, by that cheapness, be induced
to use the Post Office* it would induce an en-
larged social correspondence that would gratify
social feelings and strengthen social relations.
The Dead Letter Office, sir, I apprehend, con-
tains abundant evidence that excessive postage
prevents the intercourse which blesses a family;
and poverty has often prevented the poor widow
from taking from the post office the letter which
would inform her of the welfare of her son, and,
what is more, that very letter might contain with-
in its folds the means for its own postage. But,
alas! the postage must be paid in advance, and the
means may not be commanded. "The destruc-
tion of the poor is their poverty."
Who shall say how potent, in a political point
of view, may be cheap postage, when we consider
that the Union of these States is as much depend-
1 ent upon the friendly intercourse of citizens of va-
I rious parts of the natyon as upon the laws or the
j Constitution.
I noticed last week that the newspaper press
was occupying the attention of gentlemen who
were discussing the merits of this bill. In my
opinion, too much consideration cannot be given
r to the public press. It is one of tfle estates of the
nation, and one that will make itself fell for good
or evil. I regretted to hear my esteemed colleague,
[Mr. Casey.] whom I do not now see in his place,
pleading for a discriminating postage in favor of
the country press, though he disavowed—and I
thank him for it—the sentiments of another hon-
orable member, that the city press is rotten. My
colleague was wrong in his plan; the member on
the other side of the House was wrong in liis as-
sertion.
The city press is not rotten—is not vitiated.
There never was a time since the establishment
of the press in this country, when more talent
was employed on newspapers, or when that talent
was more the helpmate of sound morals and pure
patriotism. Of course with the luxuriant growth
of useful papers, has been found, here and there,
a mushroom—a fungus—to show by its miserable
pruriency the beauty of the other. And let me
add, sir, that the city presents few more of these
disgraceful vehicles of foul thoughts and indecent
language than does the country. The difference
is, the city press of infamy finds in a dense pop-
ulation more subjects for its libels and filth, and
a patronage that will pay to have its scandals
tolerably written; while in the country tliere are
few to supply indecent, themes, and the poor com-
pensation condemns the vulgar trash to a more
vulgar language of conveyance.
I regret, Mr. Chairman, that my colleague
should have argued so earnestly and eloquently
for a discriminating postage: it is wrong; wrong as
doing injustice to tne city publishers, wrong, sir,
in depriving the country of the advantage of a city-
paper, which the enlarged circulation and immense
mercantile patronage will enable the editor to make
