1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
143
point which appears to influence the minds of
members—its financial effect upon the Department.
1 would also endeavor to reconcile the details of
the different schemes which have been suggested,
eo as to bring about a uniform action upon the
great measure of reform which the bill contem-
plates. All cannot expect to be entirely satisfied
in obtaining the particular provisions which are
thought desirable. Something must be conceded
for the sake of harmony of action. If we cannot
have all we think the country requires, let us have
all we can get, if we Secure the great object—that
object is cheap pottage. By this I do not under-
stand, or mean a mere reduction in the rates of
postage. Not a comparatively high uniform rate
of five cents, as has been advocated by several
gentlemen in this debate. A five cent rate is not
cheap postage. An act making an uniform rate
of five cents would be no reform, and might oper-
ate as a postponement of reform, by postponing its
necessity till its operation was fully understood. I
trust the friends of cheap postage, who are desirous
of meeting the wishes and expectations of the tens
of thousands of petitioners who have asked for it,
will not deceive themselves into the belief that
they are voting for a measure of relief when they
vote for a Jive cent rate. That might make a uni-
form rate it is true; but it is not uniformity that
is required, unless it be uniformly cheap. It
should be borne in mind that the letters which now
pay ten cents postage are mostly commercial let-
ters, and letters of business and necessity. These
would be sent whether paying ten cents or a
higher rate; and when you reduce the rate to five
cents for such letters, you reduce the receipts
of the Treasurj just so much as you take from
them, without increasing in a corresponding ratio
the number of letters. It might be better for
Jhe merchant to have this change, but it would
not be even the half measure of the act of 1845,
which was a real step in advance. Such an act
might diminish the revenues of the Department
without much benefit to the country. Cheap
postage is such a postage as was adopted in Great
Britain in 1839—it is such a postage as will be
within the means of the whole people for all the
occasions they may have for correspondence. If
this can be given, without the Post Office being
made a charge upon the general Treasury, no one
would deny the reasonableness of it. All agree
that the Post Office Department was not intended,
and should not be used, as an instrument to raise
a revenue beyond its expenditures. So it is gen-
erally conceded that it should sustain itself from
its own resources. Others believe that whether it
sustains itself or not, this measure of reform is so
important, and would be so extensively beneficial
to the whole country; is so national in its objects
and character, that it should be conceded, even at
the risk of a small tax upon the general Treasury.
Let us examine these conflicting opinious, aris-
ing from different views of the same subject, and
see if they may not be reconciled with the support
of the object sought. I take it for granted that all
agree in desiring cheap postage, if it can be ob-
tained without being made a charge upon the
Treasury. The change of the revenue to a differ-
ent service for a few years would be no loss to the
country; and, if returned, would not diminish the
general Treasury. Let the proposition be stated,
that we should pass a bill with the lowest tariff of
postage, that, in a series of five years, will briijg
sufficient revenue to sustain the operations of th e
Post Office Department in its present effective state,
and increase its action as the wants of the country
may require. That rate of postage which can ac-
complish this purpose, I believe to be a uniform
rate of two cents prepaid; and to the facts and
arguments, tending to establish this position, I
would now call your attention.
The principle upon which the financial calcula-
tion is based is one well understood in commerce.
It is, that as you cheapen any commodity in general
use, you increase its consumption, and as much
or more money will be paid for it at the low price
as at a high price. So if an article of merchandise,
as tea, coffee or sugar, is materially increased in
price, there will be less consumed; and this does
not depend upon the supply, but upon the price.
No more money will be expended at the high rate
than at the lower price, if as much. The same
principle is well understood by stage agents and
the managers of our railroads. Low fares increase
the aumber of passengers. The increased number
of passengers not only make up for the low rate
of fare ana the difference in the expense of trans-
porting the larger number, but they actually bring
a larger net income. To what point the reduction
should go depends upon many circumstances of
which the managers must judge. But in a dense
population, and where there is much travel upon a
road, it is invariably found that more money is
paid at low fares than could be obtained at high
fares. Let us take, as an illustration, the travel
upon the great route between this city and New
"i ork. When traveling was in the old stage coaches
going at the rate of six or eight miles an hour,
with the fare at six cents a mile, the passengers
did not probably average forty a day; while now,
with the comparatively low rate of fare, the in-
creased speed of the railroad and the commodious
car, the number of travelers is ten times as great
as it was before. At the same time that the fares
are lower, the amount of money paid by travelers
is probably quadruple what it was under the old
system. If the fare was still more reduced, the
roads improved, the cars made more commodious
and the speed increased, all of which the traveling
public have a right to ask, though not the power
to enforce, the number of passengers would be
still greater, and the money paid still larger in
amount. The introduction of omnibuses is another
illustration of the same principle. But it is not
necessary to borrow illustrations to enforce the
argument when we have both the experience
of Great Britain and this country to refer to in
the very matter under consideration. It is no
longer theory that cheap postage will bring more
money than dear, or than even a moderate rate, for
it has been shown by its practical results. Any
one who will have the patience to go over the
tables of receipts and expenditures in this country
and Great Britain, under the old system and under
the system since the change, cannot foil of being
satisfied, that experience has demonstrated what
theory had predicted—that to raise the largest
revenue for the post office, you must carry letters
cheap and expeditiously. The extent to which
the principle may be carried appears so surprising
to those who have not investigated the subject, that
it provokes incredulity. It certainly was not a
little remarkable that thjp system was first adopted
in Great Britain, where the Government is pro-
verbially wedded to time-honored usages, and
slow to change. It is still more remarkable that
in this country, in a matter of such great import-
ance to the whole people, we should have been so
slow to follow a system fraught with so many
benefits, and whicn would cost so little for its
adoption. It comes up now for your considera-
tion not as an experiment. It is founded on the
direct experience of its operation for a series of
over ten years in Great Britain, where it has raised
an establishment carrying seventy-six millions
of letters, to one carrying more than four hundred
millions of letters, paying all its expenses, and
each year adding to its efficiency and to the
amount of its revenues. This measure of reform
there was not gradual—it was a single measure re-
ducing the postage on all prepaid letters from an
average of seven pence, (over thirteen cents,) to a
penny, or about two cents. With this also was
abolished the franking privilege, held from time
immemorial by members of Parliament, who are
not supposed to be very ready to surrender up
their privileges, and who would not do it, unless
to accomplish some great object of public good.
Here we nave no privileged classes, and I trust we
shall show ourselves as ready to give up the frank-
ing privilege, when we are satisfied the inter-
ests of the people of this country require it of
us, as they were who held the privilege by inheri-
tance. -
1 beg to call your attention to the operation of
this great measure of reform in Great Britain, for
upon the result of it in that country we may found
a reasonable calculation upon the result of a uni-
form prepaid rate of two cents in this country. In
the original plan of Mr. Rowland Hill, who has
the distinguished honor of having originated the
scheme, which the British Government had the
good sense to adopt, he proposed four distinct ob-
jects; a uniform and low rate of postage; increased
speed in the delivery of letters; greater facility for
their dispatch; and simplification in the operations
of the post office. After the passage of the act
he was appointed to superintend its operations,
under the Postmaster General. In 1843, a com-
mittee of Parliament was appointed to inquire into
the measures adopted for a general rate of post-
age and to facilitate the conveyance of letters.
The minutes of Mr. Hill's testimony before this
committee were published, and with the accom-
panying papers fill a large folio volume. In his
testimony lie says, only one of the four objects
proposed in his original plan had been carried into
effect at that time. This was the uniform and low
rate of postage. The other objects contemplated
by him had either been wholly disregarded, or
only partially effected. Under this partial disad-
vantage, he states, that in a financial point of
view, the reduction of postage had exceeded the
calculations and estimates submitted by him be-
fore the measure was adopted. He says:
"The chargeable letters delivered in the United Kingdom,
exclusive of that part of the Government correspondence
which heretofore passed free, had increased from ahout
seventy-five millions in 1838, to two hundred and seven
millions in 1842. At the commencement of the present
year, (1843,) these letters-were at the rate of two hundred
and nineteen millions per annum, or nearly threefold the
former amount."
This was three years after the act went irito ef-'
feet. In the first year the number of paid letters
was one hundred and sixty-six million, being an
increase of one hundred and twenty-two per cent,
over the preceding year. The last estimate I have
been able to find, is the one referred to in the re-
marks of the chairman of the committee [Mr. Pot-
ter] at the opening of this debate. That was an
estimate made by Mr. Joseph Hume, in February,
1848. From the data he then had, he estimates
the number of letters for 1848 at three hundred and
forty-six millions. The number has since increased
in the same proportion as in the preceding years,
which, after the first year, held about the same
proportion, and was in a ratio of about twenty per
cent. This is shown from the amount of revenue
received. The number of letters for the last year
would exceed four hundred millions, which, at two
cents a letter, would be £8,000,000. Though there
was a great falling off of the revenue at first, which
before that for more than twenty years had been
about ^1,810,000, and a considerable deficit was
made up from the general Treasury, it now pays
all the expenses of its very efficient and greatly-
extended operations, and leaves a large surplus to
be applied in repayment of th"fe advances from the
Treasury. The number of paying letters was,
before the reform, about three to each individual
in the United Kingdom. That is about the num-
ber in this country at this time. In the ten years
since the new system has been in operation, the
number of letters has so increased, that it is now
about five times that number, being fourteen and
one third to each person. Taking the inhabitants
in this country at one sixth less than in that, and
give the same relative increase in a series of ten
years, and the number of letters would be three
hundred and thirty-five millions, which at two
cents each would yield a revenue of £6,700,000—-a
larger increase than has been realized in the last
ten years—as large as is likely to be realized under
the present system in the next ten years. Neither
the facts or the application of them are new—they
have been often repeated, and never refuted. The
answer to them is usually made by repeating those
geographical novelties of the gentleman from In-
diana, that " this is a great country, and extends
from the Atlantic to the Pacific;" that our roads
are bad, and the country sparse in its population;
that Great Britain is smalt, with good roads and
a dense population. Now, is there anything in
the circumstances of the two countries which
should prevent the system working as well in the
one as in the other, or to prevent our applying the
experience of the one to the other? It is true, our
distances are magnificent, our corduroy joads not
so easy to travel upon as the English macadam-
ized turnpikes, and our back settlements not so
accessible even as the Highlands.
But with all these drawbacks, (and you may
give them all the force you please,) there is one fact
which is a triumphant reply to the gentleman's
theory—the cost of transporting the mail in this
country for* the last ten years has been actually
less by more than one sixth than in Great Britain.
Here it has not averaged more than $3,500,000,
whilst there it has greatly exceeded that sum, and
has gone on increasing in a greater ratio than in
this country. The reason given for this increase
of expense there for transportation is, the great
prices paid for the fast mails on the great lines of
