146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 81,
hag heretofore taken of the matter to which it re-
lates. That that committee, and especially that a
Western Senator, should refuse to entertain its
consideration, excites my surprise. It is due to
justice that they should consider the subject and
make a report upon it, that it may be finally dis-
posed of. If not, the Senate may rest assured it
will be brought up again, and entertained, and re-
ferred. If wrong has been done, let the facts be
reported, and for the injuries which have been sus-
tained let the Senate go 011 and do ample justice. I
think the Senate should refuse to discharge the
committee.
Mr. YYHITCOMB. Mr. President, the com-
mittee ask to be discharged from the further con-
sideration of this memorial at the express instance
of the memorialist himself. If the committee be
discharged, it is his desire that it should be re-
ferred to a select committee; and as the honorable
Senator from Wisconsin takes some interest in
the matter, and has bestowed some attention to it,
I hope he may be placed at the head of that com-
mittee. I do" not wish to be placed upon that
committee, but I shall be happy to hear from the
Senator from Wisconsin on the merits of this
case.
Mr. President, I repeat that ft was at the in-
stance of the memorialist himself that the com-
mittee ask to be discharged from the further con-
sideration of this subject, and he stated to us the
reasons which influenced him in desiring that we
should not now report upon it. It will oe recol-
lected that the committee have once reported upon
this case; and in view of the feelings which the
committee have already expressed, it is deemed
better that the committee should be discharged,
and that it should go to a select committee, as
the memorialist desires.
The motion to discharge the committee was
' then agreed to.
notices of bills.
Mr. SEBASTIAN gave notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce bills of the following
titles:
To limit the act of March 2, 1831, for the pun-
ishment of trespasses upon the public lands.
To grant to the States of Arkansas and Missouri
the right of way for and portion of the public
lands, in aid of the construction of a railroad from
St. Louis, Missouri, via Little Rock, to some point
on Red river, aud for branches of said road to the
Mississippi river, and Port Smith, in Arkansas, jj
To extend and render more effectual the juris-
diction of the circuit courts of the United States.
widow's pension.
Mr. BENTON submitted the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Afiain be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of granting a pen-
sion to the widow of Brevet Colonel ^Gneas Mackay, late
of the Uuartermaster'a Department of the United States >
Army.
Mr. BENTON. As that is simply a resolution
of inquiry, I hope it will be acted upon now.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I think the com-
mittee reported upon that at tne last session. My
impression is that we reported upon it by a bill
which covered the case, but which was not acted 1
upon.
Mr. BENTON. Then I communicate the pa-
pers, to go and be filed with the bill, instead of
submitting the resolution.
binding of documents. '
Mr. WALKER submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Resolved, That no further binding of document* be con-
tracted for or ordered until the Senate make further order
on the subject.
I do not propose to ask the Senate to take action
upon that resolution at this time. I simply desire
to call the attention of the Senate to the fact. The
resolution under which the binding is now done,
brings it down, to use the language of the Senator
from Missouri, which I think yery appropriate, to
documents of the size of primers. We are now
ordering the binding to be done, under the resolu-
tion of the Senate, of documents of two hundred
*nd fifty pages. I hold in my hand one of one
hundred and seventy-six pages, which has been
laid upon our tables this morning. I presume it is
■at*1 end re document, and it seems to be as well
stitched as our documents usually are. Now this
a about the size to which we go down under the .
jl resolution directing the binding to be done. We
l' are binding documents but three eighths of an inch
thick, and I have introduced this resolution that
the Senate may investigate this subject of binding,
and make some order in relation to it.
The resolution lies over under the rule.
AMENDMENT OF THE RULES.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the resolutions upon the table. The first in order
was the resolution submitted by Mr. Badger on
the 2fith instant, as follows:
Rcsoh cd, That the tenth rule of the Senate be amended
by adding thereto the following words:
" Aud every motion may be withdrawn by the mover at
any time before a decision or amendment, except a motion
to reconsider, which shall not be withdrawn without leave
of the Senate."
Resolved, That the following be added to the rules of the
Senate:
" All motions to take up a bill, resolution, or other sub-
ject which shall have been laid on die table; and all mo-
tions to proceed to the consideration of any subject, and all
questions as to the priority of business, shall be decided
without debate."
The PRESIDENT put the question on the
adoption of the resolution, and it appeared to be
lost.
Mr. BADGER. If there is any difficulty or
doubt in the minds of Senators as to the propriety
of these proposed amendments, I am not at all
solicitous that they shall receive action to-day.
1 They have been drawn, after considerable contem-
. plation by myself of the operation in these partic-
| ulars, of the present rules of the Senate. I will
ask the Secretary to read the 10th rule, to which
it is proposed to add the amendment.
The Secretary read the rule, as follows:
u When a motion shall be made and seconded, it shall be
reduced to writing, if desired by the President, or any mem-
ber, delivered in at the table, and read, before the same
shall be debated."
The amendment is intended to remedy that pro-
vision of the general parliamentary law, that
whenever a question, upon a motion of any mem-
ber, is in the possession of the Senate, it cannot be
withdrawn by the mover without the leave of the
Senate. Practically, we know that this parlia-
mentary rule is very rarely, if ever, enforced; but
every now and then, as I have observed for sev-
eral years past, a difficulty or objection is raised,
and application has to be made to the Senate for
leave to permit a member to withdraw a motion
which he has submitted. The House of Repre- |
sentatives have a rule upon that subject, which is
embodied in the amendment to the 10th rule of the .
Senate which I have submitted. But their rule is
liable to an objection, which I have endeavored to
[ guard against by the exception in the amendment
which I propose. In the House, any motion may
be withdrawn before a decision or amendment, at
the will of the mover. Ordinarily there would be
, no objection to that, because if any other member
chooses to make the motion, he has a right to re-
new it; and it scarcely seems reasonable to tell a
member who made a motion, that after he sees
reasons to doubt its propriety, he cannot withdraw
it. But this rule is universal in the House, and
applies to motions to reconsider as well as to other
motions. Sometimes it will happen in the House
that a motion to reconsider a bill does not come up
for decision until the time within which a motion
to reconsider may be made is past. It is then
withdrawn by the mover, and though the House
may be disposed to reconsider, they are deprived
of the power of doing it, because no member can
make that motion. The effect, then, of this
amendment is, that a member of the Senate making
a motion may withdraw it at any time he sees
proper to do so, before an amendment or decision,
except in case of a motion to reconsider, which
shall not be withdrawn without leave of the Sen-
ate.
In regard to every other motion, no injury can
be done, because any gentleman may renew it if
he thinks proper, and bring it under consideration.
But a motion to reconsider is a peculiar one, that
might be withdrawn after the time to move a re-
consideration had passed, though the Senate might
be disposed to reconsider the motion, and another
member, who had voted with the majority, would
not then have it in his power to move a reconsid-
eration.
Then in regard to the rule proposed to be added:
It is substantially, to put it in a few words, that a
question before the Senate, whether to proceed to
the consideration of any subject, shall be decided
jj without debate; and I am sure every gentleman
i who hears me has felt every session that he has
I been in theSenate—I know 1 have for four previous
sessions—the great inconvenience of having some-
, times a large portion of the morning occupied in a
debute us to whether the Senate will take up a sub-
ject for consideration, which is very nearly equiv-
alent to spending a morning in a debate where no
question is before the Senate. That is the effect
j of the rule.
I Mr. BRIGHT. Mr. President, I doubt the
1 propriety of the change proposed by the honora-
] ble Seuator from North Carolina. I fhink I can
I imagine a casewhere seriotis inconvenience would
| result from it. I would refer to the case of a mo-
; tion made by the honorable Senator from New
I York, [Mr. Seward,] during the last session, so
j preposterous that, upon the vote being taken, he
! was the only Senator, I believe, who voted in Ta-
i vor of it. Occasionally there are propositions pre-
sented here that require considerable discussion;
after gentlemen have given their opinions upon
them they would be glad to record their votes and
' make it appear on the Journal. I think the* rule
is healthy within itself; the effect of it is to pre-
vent gentlemen from offering propositions here,
upon which they would not be willing to say yea
or nay on the Journal. Our rules are a system;
and an alteration of one may greatly disturb the
harmony of that system. I am not prepared to
say to what extent it would be disturbed by adopt-
ing the changes proposed by the honorable Sena-
tor from North Carolina; but I consider the mat-
ter of so much importance that I would suggest
the propriety of referring it to a select committee
of tnree. I believe that is the usual course of a
parliamentary body proposing to alter long-estab-
lished rules. If there is no objection, I would
move that they be so referred.
Mr. BERRIEN. I do not apprehend that there
is any objection to the course proposed by the
Senator from Indiana.
Mr. BADGER, (in his seat.) None at all.
Mr. BERRIEN. And yet I must say I cannot
perceive the difficulties he mentions; the first of
which is, that after a subject has been debated,
and members are desirous of recording their opin-
ions upon that subject, they may be defeated by
the withdrawal of the motion. The answer is,
that they may restore to themselves the right, by
a renewed of it, with a statement of the motives
which induce the renewal, if they desire to vote
against it. With respect to the fact that this is a
part of a system that our rules constitute, the Sen-
ator will recollect the provision of the parliament-
ary law. This proposes to make a rule. But, in
accordance with his suggestion, I hope the Sena-
tor from North Carolina will not object to the wish
expressed to refer his resolution to a select com-
mittee.
Mr. BADGER. Certainly, Mr. President, I
am the last member of the Senate who would de-
sire any rule to be adopted without full consulta-
tion, or anything done to jnar the symmetry of
that system which our rules present, and to which
the honorable Senator from Indiana has referred^
The motion to refer to a select committee was
agreed to.
Mr. BADGER. I move that the committee be
appointed by the Chair.
The motion was agreed to, and the Chair ap-
Sointed Messrs. Badger, Bright, and Davis of
lassachusetts.
adjournment.
Mr. BADGER. If there is no business at pres-
ent before the Senate, I would inquire if any Sen-
ator has any objection to an adjournment over to-
morrow? [No opposition was expressed.] Then
I move that when the Senate adjourns to-day, it
adjourn to Friday next.
Mr. WALKER. I move to amend the propo-
sition by striking out Friday and inserting Thurs-
day.
The PRESIDENT. The question will be
taken on the longest time.
Mr. GWIN. I believe there is a special order
for Thursday next, and I would inquire what po-
sition it would be placed in by an adjournment? •
The PRESIDENT. It would be simply post-
poned, and would retain its place as a special
order.
Mr. WALKER. In view of the various spe-
cial orders which we have made, I think we had
