i85a
THE OONGfUSSSBONAL GLOBE.
147
better sit on Thursday. Everybody knows that
if we adjourn over to Friday it will be equivalent
to an adjournment to Monday, but if we sit on
Thursday we may also ait on Friday; and I beg
of the Senator from North Carolina, who, with
the aid of the Senator from Kentucky, effected an
adjournment on Thursday last, to allow the Sen- :
ate to act upon the pending special orders.
Mr. BADGER. I assure the Senator from
Wisconsin that the Senate and the whole Ameri-
can people are aware of his extreme anxiety to sit
here and do business; but I also assure the Sena-
tor that to sit here on Thursday will notbe to do
business.
fr. WALKER. Give your reasons,
r. BADGER. It is not necessary to do so.
I need only remind the Senator that the Senate has
tried the experiment. The Senate sat last Thurs-
day, and it was then found that there was not a
single subject upon which the Senate was ready
to proceed. If we meet on Thursday we shall 1
come here and do nothing; and I think we may
as well stay at home and do something, rather
than come here and do nothing.
The amendment was agreed to, and the motion /
as amended was adopted.
LICENSES OF VESSELS.
The following resolution submitted yesterday ,
by Mr. Davis, of Massachusetts, was taken up ■
and agreed to:
Raatixi, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of amending the (
provisions of tlie law in relation to granting registers, en-
rollments, and licenses to vessels.
THE COAST SURVEY.
Mr. BERRIEN. Mr. President, is there any
business before the Senate? >
The PRESIDENT. There is a resolution on ''
the table.
Mr. BENTON. There is a resolution of form,
which I trust the gentleman will suffer to pass.
Mr. BERRIEN. Certainly.
The Senate then proceeded to consider the fol-
lowing resolution, submitted yesterday by Mr.
Brxren: ,
Resolved, That the Secretary ef the Navy be directed to
report to the Senate what advantages to the public service
would be derived from transferring the survey of the coast
from the Treasury to the Navy Department, and what ad-
ditional legislation, if any, would be necessary.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I have some doubt
of the propriety of adopting that resolution. The
report of the Secretary of the Navy lias been re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs. The
subject is therefore before that committee. If they
desire information on the point, it is their duty to
call on the Secretary for the information which
they may require. Hence I can see no necessity
for this resolution. But if it be desired to bring
forth a report to be laid before the Senate and the
public, I shall then offer an amendment to the res-
olution, calling upon the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to communicate to us his reasons why the
work should not be transferred from the Treasury
Department, now .having charge of it. We learn
from his report that he does not wish the transfer
to be made. I hope this resolution was offered
by the Senator from Missouri without his recol-
lecting that the matter was already before the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs. However, if he presses
the resolution, I shall offer the amendment I have
indicated.
Mr. CASS. I have had some knowledge of
this subject, I do not think it very important to
what department the coast survey should be at-
tached. • In my opinion, it ought to be intrusted
to a board of scientific men of the Army and Navy,
who should superintend the whole matter. The
sooner we come to that the better. Now no man
is responsible but the Superintendent. The sur-
rey of the coast should be intrusted to a scientific
-aboard, who should be responsible for all its doings,
who should have the entire control of it. The
head of one of the Departments cannot be expected
to enter into these scientific facts. This board
should be responsible to one of the Departments,
of course, but this matter should be entirely under
their control. I do not think it very important to
which Department the coast survey should be at-
tached.
Mr. BENTON. Mr. President, I expected this
resolution to pass as a matter of course. The
Secretary of the Navy has recommended in his
annual report that the coast survey should be put
under the direction of the Navy Department. The
resolution merely calls upon him to give us the
reasons for that recommendation. The Secretary
of tl\e Treasury, in his report, has made an argu-
ment on the other side of the question.
Mr. President, I moved this transfer a year or
two ago, but without much hope of success then.
"When I came here first, and was accustomed to
learn wisdom from the lips of wise men, I made
some movement towards a reform, as I deemed it
to be. Mr. Macon, of North Carolina, told me
that a member of Congress could never effect any
reform in what concerned a Department, unless
the Department or the Administration went with
him. 1 have found that out, and have seen it illus-
trated for thirty years. Now, I find that the Sec-
retary of the Navy, from the State to which Mr.
Macon belonged, has recommended this work to
be hereafter done by our Navy, and under the di-
rection of our naval officers. I am glad to see it.
It revives my hopes. And, as the Secretary did
not give the reasons which induced him to make
that recommendation, I wish him to hare an op-
portunity of doing so.
The Senator from Michigan wishes to have this
matter under the charge of a scientific board. I
will state that the Government which, of all Gov-
ernments in the world, has had more coast sur-
veyed than any other—I speak of the Government
of Great Britain, which, besides surveying the
coasts of all its own possessions in the four quar-
ters of the globe, surveys the coasts of all countries
with which it has commerce or is at war—has it
done by the Navy, and the Navy alone—by that
branch of the service called " ordnance and hy-
drography." The surveys there have been pur-
sued by Rear Admiral Beaufort for twenty-one
years. For twenty-one years by one man ! And
if any gentleman will take the trouble to look at
the examination which he underwent before a com-
mittee of the House of Commons about a year
ago, he will see that he understands his work, and
that those who interrogated him understood the
business also, and that the coast survey in Great
Britain is carried on skillfully enough for their
thousand ships of war and their twenty thousand
merchant vessels, and all by their own officers.
I am- not willing to admit that the British naval
officers can do what American naval officers cannot
do, or that they cannot do what British naval offi-
cers can do. 1 cannot admit it. The issue is now
fairly made up in the public mind in regard to the
I competency of our uaval officers to do this work.
That issue is presented here in the face of the fact
that wherever a naval officer is employed on the
work, his work is celebrated by the head of the
whole coast survey. Why, it was but the other
day we read in all the newspapers here of the sur-
vey of the coast of California by Lieut. McArthur.
He is a naval officer. He has done the work, and
the newspapers contain commendation, just and
proper commendation, of him by the Superintend-
ent of the Coast Survey. And yet, in the face of
this, the American people are to be told that the
naved officers cannot do this work, but must be
put under a civil superintendent. Notwithstand-
ing the fact that the British Navy does this work,
the American Navy are to stand before the country
as incompetent to do it. I do not admit that they
are incompetent. I want to see what the Secretary
of the Navy may say upon that as well as upon
other points.
I know how deeply the feelings of officers of the
Navy are grated by having it intimated before the
public and the Congress of the United States that
they are incompetent for this work. But it is their
business to submit and carry out thepolicy of the
Government, whatever it may be. There will be,
however, a time for this whole subject to come up.
At present the question is merely on allowing the
Secretary of the Navy to have an opportunity of
reporting his reasons for the recommendation which
he has made in his annual report.
Mr. DOWNS. I shall vote against this reso-
lution, because I do not want the subject to come
up. It has been up here before. It Las been de-
bated in extenso. The same arguments were used,
though more extensively, before. The Senate de-
liberately came to a determination on it, and I see
no reason why, at this short session, when so
much is to be done, and there is so little time to
do it in, we should take up that subject, which has
been beaten'and hammered until it is worn out,
and decided long ago. I do not pretend to say
which is the best plan to be adopted; whether it
would be better to give thiB work to officers of the
Navy or officers of the Army, or to a commission,
as it is now. I do not think that is the question
?resented. We have adopted a different system,
t has been going on for years, and a great deal of
the work proposed has been accomplished. The
question is not now whether we shall adopt this
system or not, or whether the work, which has
been in a great degree accomplished, and accom-
plished not only to the satisfaction of the whole
country, I believe, but to the world at large, is the
wisest, but whether now, in the midst of the work,
we shall set it aside, and adopt another course.
The question is, shall we take this work, which is
now going on to the satisfaction of everybody, and
change the policy altogether. I do not see the
necessity for it. The Senate and Congress did not
perceive the necessity for it when the question was
elaborately argued before.
But the gentleman says we ought to call on the
Secretary of the Navy for his views on the subject
I think, if the Secretary of the Navy had any
views of importance to communicate, it was his
duty to do it in his annual report. If he has not
done so, it strikes me that it is pretty strong pre-
sumption that he did not think the interests of the
country required it, or the honor of his department
was so much involved that he felt it necessary to
come before Congress and vindicate it, and con-
tend that its claims had been neglected in this
matter of the coast survey.
Besides, although I do not pretend to have the
information myself to enable me to discuss this
matter fully, yet I recollect some of the arguments
used before, because it was my duty to vote on it.
And I recollect one of the grounds why it was
urged this work should not be given to the Navy,
was, that these surveys were not of a nature
to be done entirely by officers of the Navy, for a
portion of the survey, anda very considerable por-
tion, too, was to be done on land, and officers of
the Army might therefore feel themselves just as-
much neglected because it was not given to them
as officers of the Navy. I therefore can see no ne-
cessity for entering upon a new system—discard-
ing the old one and commencing a new. If the
work is not well done, if the officers have failed
in their duty, let us have an investigation. But I-
have never heard such a complaint made. On the
contrary, I believe the course of the Government
has been approved, and the work is going on well.
At this very time an important branch of the work
is being prosecuted in which my State (Louisiana)
is interested. I mean that part of the coast em-
braced in the delta of the Mississippi. I have m
notion myself, and I hope Congress has no idea
that this work, which is of so much importance,
and which is now going; on so well, shall be
stopped, and that we shall thrust our hands into
this matter, which we hare no business to intei-
fere with at this particular time, and interrupt it.
I hope, therefore, the resolution will not be adopted.
There is no necessity for it. We have no time for
it now. There is no reason for it. I know it is
not customary to object to an inquiry of this kind,
but the gentleman who proposes it has so clearly
indicated his object, that we may just as well come
to a conclusion now. When tne matter properly
comes up on the general appropriation bill, we
shall have it debated at length again, and the Sen-
ate will come to the same result that they have
heretofore. The honorable Senator from Mis-
souri, I apprehend, will find himself almost alone
in regard to this question, as he did a few years
ago. I hope the resolution will be rejected.
Mr. HAMLIN. It seems to me tnat a wrong
issue has been presented to the Senate. I should
regret very much indeed if I believed that any
Senator entertained the opinion that either the Army
or Navy officers were not fully competent.to dis-
charge the several duties devolving upon them by
this service. If these surveys were made up en-
tirely of Army or Navy officers, I should have con-
fidence that the service would be ably performed
by them. But the service is of that character
which seems to render it both proper and necessary
that it should be composed of both Army and Navy
officers as it is; and I have learned from no source
where the surveys have been performed by each -
grade of officers that the work has not been amply
and fully performed to the satisfaction of all per-
sons in the community. It is, therefore, in my
judgment, entirely unnecessary to present an issue
