148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dee. SL
here whether Army or Navy officers are better com-
petent to discharge this service. I have full oon-
ndence in the officers in each branch of service.
Each of them, either of them, or both combined, I
have no doubt will, as they have ever done, con-
tinue to perform that service both thoroughly and
to the complete Satisfaction of the country.
I think tnere is an objection to this resolution ,
which is different from tnat which appertains to a •
resolution of simple inquiry. The Senator, from
Missouri [Mr. Bekton] remarks that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury has made an argument in fa-
vor of the present disposition of that service. I
do not so understand it, or regard it as an argu-
ment. It embraces certain facts, and you may
draw an intimation of his opinions from the facts
stated. It seems to me, if we are to call upon the ,
Secretary of the Navy, or upon any other of the
Departments, that call should l?e for certain facts,
so as to allow us to draw our opinions from the 1
{acts which they may present. If this resolution
is to be pressed, and ir it is to receive the favora-
ble consideration of the Senate, it seems to me
that it would be proper there should also be added |
to it an additional call, as to what number of Navy !
officers could be spared from the naval service
proper.
Mr. BENTON. They can all be spared.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Senator from Missouri*
says we can spare them all. Now, I am advised
that demands upon the Department for naval offi-
cers for this service, as it now exists, have been
refused within the last twelve months.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Within the last
twelve weeks.
Mr. HAMLIN. Within the last twelve weeks,
the Senator from Mississippi says. I think it
would be much more proper to shape the resolu-
tion so as to call for facts, and allow Senators to
judge upon those facts. Certain 1 am, if the reso-
lution is to pass in its present form, I shall vote for j
the amendment which has been suggested by the
Senator from Mississippi. And if we are to have ,
arguments from the heads of the Departments, let
us have them pro and con. Let us have the argu-
ment of the Secretary of the Treasury as well as
that of the Secretary of the Navy. But it seems to
me that it is a novel proceeding to call upon the
head of any Department for an argument in favor
of his own views. I am not aware that it has been :
the course of proceeding; it may be so. I am will- j
ing always to vote for any resolution of inquiry, ■
or any resolution that may elicit facts upon which '
we may act understandingly. But 1 do not think
that it is desirable or expedient to call upon the
head of any Department for an argument in any
case. And believing, as I do, in the competency
of the service as it is at present organized, I shall
vote with the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr.
Downs,] and keep the service as it is, undisturbed.
With that view I am disposed to vote against the
resolution in its present form, and if it be pressed,
to vote for the amendment which the Senator from
Mississippi has intimated he will present.
Mr. BADGER. I know nothing of the present-
ation of this resolution, nor did I know what it
contained, until it was read this morning; but it
(teems to ipe that gentlemen have not been exactly
discussing the question which is presented for the
conuideralion of the Senate. The Secretary of the
Navy, in his annual report, has recommended that
a certain change be made in the control of the coast
survey. This resolution proposes to ask the Sec-
retary, or to direct the Secretary, to give us his
reasons for the proposed change. It seems to me
that gentlemen took upon it as a declaration or inti-
mation that the Senate entertain the opinion which
the Secretary has expressed. I do not so under-
stand it.
Gentlemen say we have already adopted a sys-
tem. Having adopted it, I will say, for one, that
there must be very satisfactory reasons assigned
before I would vote to change it. But I ani not
at all indisposed to weigh and deside upon the rea-
sons that may be offered for the proposed change.
I do not, although other gentlemen may, under-
stand this subject with such fullness of informa-
tion, such exact and clear comprehension of all,
its parts, as not only to perceive the excellence of
the .present system, but also to know beforehand
its Superiority over any other which has yet been
presented and considered, and the reasons for it
put.
I cannot understand why the Senate should re-
fuse to call upon this Executive officer for the rea-
sons why he lias ventured to make a recommenda-
! tion to us t* change this system. But in voting
1 for this resolution I do not understand myself as
' intimating in the slightest degree that I concur in
: the opinion which the Secretary has expressed in
his report. I only express this, that I am willing
to hear those reasons, because I am not already
possessed of that exact and comprehensive inform-
ation which enables me to determine beforehand
that no good reason can be given for a change of
this system. It has been said that this subject
has been heretofbre debated. That is true; and I
' voted against the same proposition, made by the
honorable Senator from Missouri, which had ref-
erence to a change, because I was not satisfied that
a change ought to be made. But I am willing at all
times to hear the reasons that may be assigned for
the change; and the very moment I am satisfied that
the public utility will be promoted by making the
change, I am willing to vote for it. I hold myself
open to conviction on that point. And. I know
nothing which connects itself with the coast sur-
vey which makes that an exception to the rale of
' other legislative or administrative bodies; that is,
that it is possible a change may be made for the
better.
I am glad this resolution has been offered. The
Naval Committee have taken this subject up in the
course of their appropriate duties, and we never
imagined that there was any objection in the
world, or any committal to any course of policy,
by directing our chairman to write to the Secre-
tary of the Navy for the reasons for a recommend-
, ation he may make. I confess, however, that I
greatly prefer that such a call should be made by
the Senate than by a committee.
This is not a call upon the Secretary of the Navy
for an argument, or for a speech. The resolution
merely calls for his reasons—for a statement of
facts, the exhibition of the case from which he
draws the conclusion that the public good will be
advanced by our making this change. If he makes
out the case, I am willing to vote for the proposed
change. But if he does not make out the case, 1
shall vote against changing the present system.
Until the contrary is proven, I shall presume, and
Fresume strongly, that the present system is right.
shall vote for the resolution of the Senator from
Missouri, but that does not commit me to consider
the reasons for the proposed cliange satisfactory. ;
Having said thus much, I would merely suggest i
to the Senator from Missouri that, in order that it
may be shown that the Senate makes this call on
account of the recommendation contained in the
report of the Secretary of the Navy, it would be
better to insert after the word " Department" the
words, "as recommended in his annual report,
accompanying the President's annual message."
Mr. BENTON. I accept that amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I differ with the
Senator from North Carolina, who last addressed
the Chair, in thinking it better to make such a call
by the Senate tlian by a committee. We refer
these subjects to committees for the purpose of an
examination by them. They are directly in cor-
, respondence with tjie Departments, and. it is a
much more simple mode of reaching the opinion
of the Secretary. He does not necessarily throw
all his opinions before the public; and .in every
respect I think it is altogether preferable to have
the call from the committee. Therefore, at the
beginning of this debate I referred to the fact that
the subject had been referred to a committee, and
that the committee would call for the information ,
which they required. The Secretary who made
the report to us, and whom it is proposed to call
upon for the reasons of the suggestion made by
him, had been in the Department but a short time
when the report was made; certainly lie had not '
had time to examine the subject as fully as many
on this floor, and I hope front his discretion and
candor that, upon a further investigation, he will
retract the opinion contained in his report, and
will acknowledge that the survey is better under
the present organization than it would be if it
were transferred to his Department.
The idea thrown out by the Senator from
Michigan is much more acceptable to my mind
than that of the Senator from Missouri. The
proposition to form a board composed of scientific
officers of the Armv and Navy, contains many
recommendations which a simple transfer of tlus
survey to the Navy Department does not contain; ,
but it contains, also, fatal objections. In the first
place, a board thus organized would be composed
of rival elements constantly struggling against
each other. The board would have no harmony
of organization, no harmony of execution. And
if it should, it would be when those officers of the
Army and Navy of which it was composed had
become savans, lost all military feeling, all esprit
du corps, and abandoned their professional aspi-
rations as fully as if they had surrendered their
commissions. Then you would have a.scientific
corps—a board—such an organization as now
exists. You would disqualify the officers for the
service in which they are now acting, and raider
them mere savans; and, being so, you would^fcve
just such a state of case as you have at present.
I think, therefore, the objection is fatal.
But the Senator from Missouri tells us that the
coast survey of Great Britain is the work of the
j Navy alone; and he refers to the Rear Admiral,
whose report and investigation before a committee
of Parliament showed such great ability. Now,
sir, the coast survey of Great Britain is a very
: different work from/and properly not comparable
1 to, our owji; and if the Senator will go from the
I report of the committee of Parliament and exam-
: i ine the charts made by the British coast survey
! I and compare them with those of the United States,
\ he will see they are far, very far, in our rear,
I insomuch as beauty, precision, and systematic,
i execution are concerned. And if he will go and
examine the charts made when the work of the
j coast survey was under the charge of the Navy
j Department, I think he will find them, as com-
'i pared with those now executed, mere daubs of
II some sign painter compared with a chtf d 'autre of
art; incomparably inferior. And so likewise
greatly inferior are the best- charts made in Great
, Britain. Our work under the present system is
! j an honor to the country, and it has done much for
'! the diffusion of science. It has at its head an
i American who took the place of a distinguished
I foreigner who was said to be the only man who
could conduct it. That American has developed
: the whole system as originally organized; he has
improved upon it, and advanced it, and made it,
I believe, the best organization of the kind in the
world.
It is necessary for a proper administration of
the coast survey, composed as it is jointly of offi-
cers of the Army and Navy, that it should have a
j civil head, some one who can stand between the
rival feelings of the two branches of the service. No
! chief could be taken advantageously from either
| branch of*the service. If he were, he would be
! watched with a jealous eye by the branch to which
! he did not belong. A civil chief, standing between
the two, permanently attached to the work,and de-
' voted to science, constitutes the very bond which
binds together the two branches of the military
, service engaged in this work.
1 But the Senator from Missouri, on this occa-
sion, as on a former one, endeavors to make an
issue as to the merits of the officers of the Navy.
The issue is his own. No friend of the coast
survey has made it; no friend of the coast survey
has ever charged any naval officer-with incom-
petency to do anything which belongs to his
profession. Under the present organization, the
naval officers have the whole conduct of the hy-
drographical part of the work. Topography be-
longs not to the navy. Hydrography is now con-
ducted by the Navy, and delay has recently oc-
curred because the Navy could not furnish officers
to command a vessel destined for the survey on the
coast of Texas. How, then, could that Navy take
charge of the land work, all the scientific investi-
gations, all the laborious computation necessary,
when, in fact, they are wanting in the force neces-
sary to execute the hydrography, that part of the
work which belongs, and is now confided to the .
Navy ? The slightest examination will show that
the N avy will not suffice. Our coast is a changing
coast. The Gulf stream throws its detritus upon the
shore from one end to the other. You require some-
thing fixed to which the ever-varying hydrography
of the survey .may be referred as a standing point.
That is the topographical survey, upon the high-
lands along the shore. That work belongs to the
Army; the Navy has nothing to do with it; it has
no proper connection with it; the Army mustr do
it. It is the fixed and permanent part of the work
upon which the hydrographical part hangs, ae a
waving line attached to some certain point.
