118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Bee. 31,
expressing no discontent or dissatisfaction with the
work as it goes on.
But, sir, there is another reason which has been
suggested by the Senator from Missouri that is
• worthy of the consideration of Congress. The
expense of this work has risen to a very great
sura. The Senator from Missouri says it amounts
to $400,000, and I would ask if that includes the
appropriation made for that work in the light-house
Mr. BENTON. It does not.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. -1 take it for
granted that it does not. Now, if gentlemen will
look to the bill of last session making appropria-
tion for light-houses, they will find where such
an appropriation would not be expected, that
$150,000 were appropriated to buy a steamboat to
carry on this work. I do not undertake to say
whether that is to be added to the $400,000 or not;
probably it is, and if so, that swells it into a very
large sum that has been expended in the course of
one season to carry on this wprk. In throwing
out these suggestions I do not mean to be under-
stood as intimating that I know of any extrava-
gance, or that I see any means by which the Ex-
penditures may be lessened. The work is one of
very great importance, and, in my judgment, it
should go on. Still I am willing to hear what the
Head of a Department can say on this question, I
and if he can show me a better organization, a sys- i
tem of greater economy by which this work can ;
be carried on, I am willing to examine his pro-
posed organization, and to take his proposed sys-
tem into consideration, and see whether it does
not deserve the sanction of this Government. It
is not a matter of such light consideration as to be
thus summarily rejected—thus summarily thrown
aside. These are the reasons which will govern 1
me in die vote which I shall give, and I shall vote
for the resolution with great pleasure.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, moved to amend
the resolution by adding at the close of it:
"And that the Secretary of the Treasury communicate |
to the Senate why, in his opinion, the survey of the const
should not be transferred from the administration of the i
Treasury Department-" j
Mr. BENTON. I suppose the Secretaries will |
answer separately and not jointly. Their answers !
ought not be bound in solidwm. With that under- 1
standing let it go.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes 30, noes
13.
The question was then taken by yeas and nays
on the resolution as amended, and resulted—yeas
24, nays 16—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Benton, Bradbury, Bright,
Butler, Cass, Chase, Clemens, Davis of Massachusetts,
Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodfe of Iowa, Douglas, Ewing,
Felch, Jones, Manguin, Shields, Smith, Tttmey, Upham,
Wales, Walker, and Whitcopib-—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Baldwin, Berrien, Clay, Davis of Missis-
sippi, Dawson, Downs, Gwin, Hamlin, King, Mason, Nor-
ris, Pratt, Rusk, Soul6, Sturgeon, and Underwood—16.
So the resolution was agreed to, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Nayy be directed to
report to the Senate what advantages to the public service
would be derived from transferring the survey of the coast
from the Treasury to the Navy Department, as recommend-
ed in his annual report accompanying the President's an-
nual message, and what additional legislation, if any, he
necessary. And that the Secretary ot the Treasury com-
municate to the Senate why, in his opinion, the survey of
the coast should not bo transferred from the administration
of the Treasury Department.
AUSTRIA AND HUNGARY.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I rise to move to reconsider
the vote of yesterday by which the Senate refused
to print the extra number of the correspondence !
between the Secretary of State and the represent-
ative of the Austrian Government. I voted against
the printing of the extra number, for the reason
that I thought we were attaching undue import-
ance to the subject, and rather reviving an old con-
troversy which has ceased to have much import-
ance, and not supposing that any one would give
a construction to that vote which J find some are
disposed to do. I thought the sentiments of the
correspondence on the part of our Secretary of
State would receive so unanimous a response from
the American people that no one could be sup- ,
posed to entertain a doubt as to our approval of
them. Much less did I suppose that any one
would consider such a vote as being either disre-
spectful to our Secretary or a want of concurrence
in the opinions advanced in the correspondence. I
do not now regard the vote as susceptible, prop-
wly, of such a construction; but I filid some 1
friends on this floor who seem to have considerable
, feeling in relation to it; and in deference to their
■ wishes and feelings, I move a reconsideration. I
' < would rather see ten thousand copies printed and
paid for by the Senate than have any one entertain
a doubt on that point. I thought we were show-
ing rather too much exultation at the triumph of
our Secretary over the Minister fremi Austria in
our discussion. I did not take any part in that
1 triumph. But I move to reconsider the vote, in
order to print the extra number.
, ] Mr. RUSK. I hope the reconsideration will,
,l take place, and I shall then move to reduce the
number to five thousand. I may be mistaken, but
; 1 have an apprehension that it will be perfectly
agreeable to tne Senate, and I shall ask the honor-
able Senator from North Carolina [Mr. Mancitm]
to withdraw his proposition to print ten thousand.
I thought yesterday that it was the manifest wish
of the Senate to print five thousand. I hope such
a motion will now be agreed to.
Mr. WALKER. I cannot deem the reasons
given by the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas]
sufficient to induce the Senate to reconsider the
vote of yesterday. His reasons are that there
will be misapprehensioi) of the meaning of the
vote. I have heard all that was said,and I uttered
: a considerable portion of what was said myself,
j and I heard no Senator express any other feeling
i than one of respect for the Secretary of State, and
| of concurrence in the sentiments which he had ex-
j pressed in the communication which was read to
jus. Nothing else was expressed. Now, it would
seem strange, if, after the debates on this subject
have gone upon the record of debates, any one
: should be so perverse as to misconstrue the mean-
ing of the Senate in the vote it then gave. It can-
not be possible. If any one has expressed the 1
views to the Senator from Illinois which he has
just expressed in our presence, it must be for the i
, very purpose of accomplishing what they seem to |
, be about to accomplish—the moving him to a re- '
consideration of his opinion?. They may be suf- j
ficient to prompt him to a reconsideration, but they '
are not sufficient to prompt me; and I hope that I
the reasons which he has intimated have moved 1
him to reconsider his views may not be sufficient to
move the other members of the Senate to a recon-
sideration of their views.
I repeat what I said yesterday, that I fully con-
cur in the sentiments expressed in the letter of the
Secretary of State. I think I never heard any-
thing in piy lift which was a more complete and
triumphant vindication of his country, and the
course of his country, than the letter of the Sec-
retary of State to the Austrian Charge. But is
that any reason—for it is but old doctrine though !
well expressed—why we should herald that tri-
umph boastfully to the country in the form of extra
numbers? It seems to me that no friend of the
Secretary of State—and, by-the-by, I claim to be
one of his warmest, though politically opposed to
him—can charge us with having intended any dis-
respect whatever to the Secretary of State, or to
his sentiments, in the vote which we gave yes-
terday.
Mr. BADGER. I wish to say one word. I
had not the fortune to be in my place in the Sen- 1
ate yeBterday at the time the vote wax taken on
the question of printing. I hope the question will .
be reconsidered, and the printing; ordered; and I
hope the number will be ordered that was proposed
hi the motion yesterday; not that I think it a mat- ;
ter of peat importance what number had been I
originally inserted, but I think, having been in-
serted, it is well that the number should be ad- :
hered to.
One remark in reply to what has been said by
the Senator who has just taken his seat. I look
upon the paper, as everybody else does, as an
able one. I judge of its value to others by con-
sidering its value to myself. Supposing myself
to have the average amount of information upon
the general topic to which the paper refers which
is possessed by the people of the United States, I
learned some things from that paper, and found my
view of the general topic rendered clear, and felt
myself able, if necessity should require it, to give
better reasons for the positions there assumed than
I could have done.before reading that paper. As-
suming to myself no superiority over the general
class of my countrymen, but supposing myself to I
be full as well informed on such subjects as the [
generality of them, I believe the value of the
!1 paper would be to them what it was to me; and I
desire, therefore, to publish it for the purpose of
circulation among my constituents. I wish them
not only to understand truly the positibn occupied
by our country, but the reasons why that position
is occupied, and that it is 111 strict accordance with
the general national law and the usages of the
world, and that the conduct of the late Adminis-
tration stands fully justified when tried by these
tests.
Mr. WALKER. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. WALKER callea for the yeas and nays,
which were ordered, and being taken resulted as
< follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bright, Clarke, Clem-
ens, Davis of Massachusetts, Dawson, Dodge of Iowa,
Douglas, Downs, Ewing, Felch, Jones, Mangum, Phelps,
Pratt, Husk, Sebastian, Shields, Smith, Soulfi, Sturgeon,
Underwood, Upham, Wales, and Whitcomb—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Benton, Berrien, Butler, Chase, Clay,
Davis of Mississippi, Dodge of Wisconsin, Gwin, Hamlin,
King, Mason, Norris, Tumey, and Walker—14.
1 So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
| The question then recurred on the adoption of
the motion to print ten thousand extra copies,
j Mr. WALKER asked for the yeas and nays
on the question, but they were not ordered.
Mr. WALKER moved to adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to. •
Mr. WALKER. The question, I believe, is
upon the printing of ten thousand extra copies of
the letter of the Secretary of State in answer to a
letter of the Austrian charge d'affaires protesting
agairv?t the course of the Government of tlie Uni-
ted States in sending an agent to Hungary to as-
certain the condition of tne Hungarians during
their late struggle, and, as he alleges, with a view
to ascertain that condition, to the end of acknowl-
edging the independence of the Hungarian nation-
It is proper that the Senate should be well informed
upon this subject, and I am a little apprehensive
that the Secretary of State has not given us inform-
ation enough upon the suhject. I propose to
enlighten the Senate and the country for about an
! hour and a half upon this subject, unless I can
j have the privilege of an American Senator of pla-
\ cing my name at least in opposition to this thing
1 upon your Journal.
I think that when it has been decided by the
Senate that Senators have not the privilege of en-
tering their protests at length, they may have the
other mode of protesting, that of answering; yea
or nay to propositions of this kind. But it na«
been refused. This proposition is persevered in
now, not so much because the information con-
j tained in the letter of the Secretary of State is
' necessary to the people of the United States, but
because it is necessary to pay the Secretary of
State a compliment, by involving the country in
the expense which the publication of these extras
will require. This is a poor reason, it occurs to
me, why this expense should be incurred—a very
poor reason. Nobody has intended any disrespect
to the Secretary of State. Everybody has dis-
avowed that. They have shown by their conduct
that they entertain the highest regard for the sen-
timents contained in the letter of the Secretary.
But they base their opposition to this motiqn upon
the principle which is involved in it, of the ex-
traordinary and extravagant course which is befog
pursued in regard to the printing and binding and
S everything else.
Tne {"RESIDENT. There is too much disor-
der in the Chamber.
Mr. WALKER. You cannot keep order, Mr.
President.
The PRESIDENT. I am endeavoring to do sq.
Mr. WALKER. I know you are. Vou al-
ways strive to do your duty, but you cannot
it. There is a proposition to incur an extra And
unnecessary expense, and while that is the case,
you canjiot keep the Senate in order. There is a
determination upon cases of that kind to incur the
expense, and to vote it through in defiance of all
your hammering and the sentiments of those who
would like to see a different course pursued. The
disorder does not bother me, and if it ia out of
kindness to me that you endeavor to pres«ryp
order, I am obliged to you. But I would just as
soon hear plenty of jollity, plenty of good humor 1
and plenty of noise. In that way they have given
me one subject to exhaust a sentence upon.
Mr. DAWSON. Mr. President, I have never
