1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
159
I
Cairo, a revolt against the power of the French.
That was & revolt which raged during four days,
when the French were assailed in their houses,
many of whom were killed, and which required
the artillery force of the greatest general in Eu-
rope to quell it. What did it come from? It
came from merely a request to the people to
give in a list of their titles in order that they
might be registered. This was in consequence
of an intention on the part of one of the great-
est generals and greatest statesmen to elevate
them, by causing the titles to be registered for the
Surprise of raising them to the dignity of the
feudal tenure in Europe, which would be an ad-
vantage to the landholders of Egypt; for at that
time tney held them not by a feudal tenure, to be
forfeited by treason to the sovereign, but they
held them at the mere will and pleasure of the
sovereign, who reclaimed them when he pleased
without assigning any reason. The design of the
intendant Poussielgue, who conceived the plan,
who was an able man, was to raise the dignity of
these titles to that of the feudal tenure, so that
they could be forfeited only for treason. General
Bonaparte, who was the greatest statesman as well
as the greatest general, hesitated a long time before
he consented. He knew the danger of touching
titles, and feared to alarm the people by merely
proposing registration, and that for their own ad-
vantage. Everything turned out as that great man
feared. The people looked upon that call to regis-
ter their titles as worse than taxation. The great-
est revolt ever known sprung out of that, and by
one single city. The great general might have
exterminated them, but he pitied them, and gave
peace, and did not put one single individual to
death, after the revolt was shed; for he knew they
were alarmed to the deepest extent, and he knew.
there was an excuse for them, and that they had
suffered enough without putting any of them to
death. Now, if the people of Cairo were m Cali-
fornia, and if we proposed to register their titles
even, it might bring on a revolt; but the people of
CaUfornia may not revolt. They are but a few;
their resource will be to fly from the country,
and that will be done.
Mr. President, what must be the effect on the
people of California when the news of such a
procedure has arrived among them ? What must
be the effect upon the people who have been some
three generations in possession of their land, when
they find they have to run the gauntlet of three
lawsuits, and have the greatest lawyers employed
against them, as many as the wealth of the United
States can engage to try them before American
tribunals ? What can be their feelings, except that
their whole property is to be immolated ? All they
have to do is to {jive it up at once, for nothing
would remain to them but disturbance, discourage-
ment, and despair, throughout all that part of Cal-
ifornia which we have acquired. We are strong
enough to crush them at once. Shall we do so?
We are strong enough to make them fly. Shall
we do so? That is the question.
We have presented to our minds, in some of the
public prints, the idea of possessions in the hands
of private persons in California worth millions—
hundreds of millions. When* these hundreds and
hundreds of millions come to be weighed and
measured, I apprehend they w.ill be found to be
but a poor remnant of these immense sums.
I intended, as I gave notice at the last session
that I should do it, to bring forward some plan
different from all that have been proposed. There
was then passing through my mind a plan which
I have drawn up, and which I think has some sys-
tem in it, some equity in it, and which, if it can
be properly explained to the people of the country,
will save them from that alarm, agitation, and des-
pair, into which all people must be thrown upon
the apprehension of having their property taken
from them. Let any one of us be informed that
* hole has been picked in the title by which we
hold our property at home; that we are to have a
lawsuit to test our title. Every one thus situated
would quit his station here in this Chamber, and
go home at once to attend to it; and he would not
rest until his title was made secure. But here we
are going to strike a whole province, a people who
■peak a different language, a people of different re-
ligion, and lately brought under our dominion by
the power of the sword.
To prevent this I have brought forward a plan
which has some system. The first feature of the
plan is to collect the evidenceupon which the claims
rest; and for that purpose to appoint a recorder of
land titles, who, upon due notice, and by going to
every part of the country, shall call upon the peo-
ple to give the evidence of all their titles, giving him
the original papers for the purpose of taking a
copy of them, which he shall record. After he has
thus got copies of all the titles collected, which
may be done perhaps in a single season, he is to
make out an abstract and send it here to the Gov-
ernment of the United States, for the Government
to examine and ascertain the title to every claim.
Then, in conjunction with the district attorney, he
is to examine over all these claims, and in cases,
where he shall conclude the titles are invalid for
any cause, no matter what, the recorder of land
titles and district attorney shall cause scire facias to
be issued against the party whose title shall be im-
peached, and he shall be required to come into
court and give reasons why it shall not be can-
t illed. In that way the impeachment of titles will
be confined to cases in which one, or both officers
shall decide that there are some reasons for ques-
tioning their validity. Theplan proceeds to secure
to those who occupied certain classes of property in
small parcels in the possession of it at once, with-
out being subjected to the chances of a scire facias
against them. In the first settlement of California,
by a special decree of the captain general of the in-
ternal western provinces of Mexico, four leagues
square were given to the inhabitants qf the towns
for their lots. These four leagues belong to them
thus measured—two leagues every way. My bill
provides that these four leagues shall be confirmed
to these people without bringing each one of them
to fight for his little lot, for so many varas, so many
yards square.
My bill provides that, upon the trial of this
scire facias, if the decision goes in favor of the
claimant, it shall be conclusive against the United
States in all cases but one. There is one single
case in which it is not to be conclusive by my bill,
and in which there may be an appeal to the Su-
preme Court of the United States, and that is the
case of Colonel Frfmont.
Whatever I have done upon this subject I have
done disinterestedly—acting, as I believe, justly
towards a people who cannot help themselves. In
whatever Mr. Fremont has done he has been dis-
interested—acting in a manner Which he thought
was just to the people of {he country which we
have acquired; and it is not his intention, nor is it
my intention, that there shall be any pretext for
impeaching his disinterestedness or mine. My
bill therefore provides for an appeal to the Su-
preme Court of the United States in every case
where the decision is in favor of Colonel Fremont,
but forbids all such appeals against others. I now
offer my amendment, antF ask that it may be
printed.
The motion to print was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, when I called up
this bill a few days ago, the Senator from Mis-
souri [Mr. Benton] is reported to have made the
following statement:
"Upon looking into the amendment, I believe that when
the time comes that there is a full Senate—for the bill re-
quires a full Senate to attend to it—I shall be able to show
that the effect of the bill will be to violate our treaty with
Mexico; to violate the law of nations; to violate tile proc-
lamation of Commodore Stockton; to violate the capitula-
tion at Monterey; and the effect of it will be to despoil the
old inhabitants of California of their lands."
The Senator in his speech to-day has proceeded
to substantiate these charges against the bill, with
what success I will leave to the Senate and the
country to decide after the discussion closes.
Before proceeding to reply to the Senator's re-
marks, I wish to call the attention of the Senate
to the personal bearing of the charges brought
against the bill by the Senator in the extract I
have read. The amendment to my colleague's
[Mr. Fremont] bill, adopted J?y the Senate in
Committee of the Whole, and now before us for
our action, was presented by me after full con-
sultation with my colleagues in the other House,
[Messrs. Gilbert and Wright.] It therefore
presents the views of the delegation from Califor-
nia, except my colleague, [Mr. Fremont,] and for
the principles it embodies we are responsible to
our constituents and to the country. It may be
proper to remark, that prior to our election my
colleagues [Messrs. Wright and Gilbert] and
myself declared our opinions in favor of this mode
of settliug priyate land claims in California, and
especially that important provision granting both
the claimant and the United States the right of ap-
peal for final adjudication to the Supreme Court of
the United States. These were our opinions openly
and boldly avowed before we were elected. What
was the opinion of my colleague [Mr. Fremont]
before his election may be inferred by the follow-
ing extract from a letter addressed by him to his
personal and political friend, Major Jacob R. Sny-
der, which was freely circulated among the mem-
bers of the Legislature and through the country,
before the Senatorial election took place:
" I regard the claim to the Mariposa in the same light as
any other vested right. It was a purchase fairly made, and
I have always supposed that at some future time the validity
of the claim would be settled by Ihe proper courts, and I
am satisfied to await that decision, whether it be favor-
able or otherwise, and in the mean time leave the gold, as
it is now, free to all who have the industry to collect it."
There were a number of candidates for the Sen-
ate and House of Representatives, every one of
whom, so far as I know, was in favor of the prin-
ciple of leaving the final adjudication of private
land claims in that country to the Supreme Court
of the United States. There may have been some
difference of opinion as to the preliminary proceed-
ings, whetherthey should take place before a board
of commissioners or the district courts, but none,
so far as I know or believe, as to the tribunal
where they were to be finally acted on.
I have made this statement, Mr. President, to
show that the indictment filed by the Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Benton] against this bill covers
broad ground in California, and arraigns nearly
all, if not every man in the State, who aspired to
a seat in Congress on the organization of the State
Government. And sir, I go further, and say, so
far as my knowledge extends, the landholders of
that country desire this mode of giving them a final
and speedy adjustment of their claims. There
may be exceptions, but I have not met with them,
and I freely canvassed the State to ascertain as far
as I could the opinions of those interested in the
subject. One of the largest landholers in Califor-
nia, and probably as deeply interested in a pecu-
niary point of view in these land claims as any
man in the State, has had frequent interviews with
me since I brought this bill before the Senate, and
has declared his unequivocal preference for it over
that of my colleague. I made some immaterial
amendments to the bill at his suggestion, and no
man more anxiously desires its passage than he
does. He says, what every man who knows any-
thing of public sentiment in California must say,
that no board of commissioners whose decisions
in favor of land claimants in that country would
be final, could command public confidence, no
matter how distinguished its members may be for
learning, talents, and integrity. It would be im-
possible for the decisions of such a tribunal, if
favorable to the large contested claims, to be car-
ried into effect without bloodshed. There is not
power enough in this Government to «nforce such
decisions in that country. Sir, the Senator says
this bill "despoils the old inhabitants of California
of their lands." By whom is this charge made ?
By a Senator representing a State far removed
from California, who is in no way responsible to
the people of that State for his acts. And against
whom is brought this heavy charge of despoiling
a portion of the people of that State of their lands ?
The entire delegation from California in the other
House and one of her representatives (lere. Sir,
I do not profess to be very familiar with the history
of parliamentary proceedings in this body, but I
venture to say that never before in the history of
the Government has the delegation from a State
been thus charged by a member of either House
of Congress with a breach of treaty obligations
and the law pf nations, the result of which was
the despoiling of a portion of their constituents of
their property. This will be the commencement;
of a new era in our Congressional history, and
hereafter it will be the practice, if this precedent is
adopted, for Congressional delegations to be ar-
raigned by those representing other portions of tha
Confederacy, and charged with the gravest offences
against their own constituents. Members of Con-
gress have been accused of qsking for their con-
stituents more than Congress thought them entitled
to, but this is the first instance within my knowl-
edge that they have been charged with despoiling
their constituents to enrich the General Govern-
ment,
The position of a delegation from a new State
