THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $150 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, JANUARY 7, 1851.
New Series No. 11.
to aid. in the construction of the Maysville and
Lexington. Covington and Lexington, Louisville
a id Nashville, and Maysville and Big Sandy rail-
roads; which was read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on Pub- ''
lie Lands.
FRAUDS ON THE REVENUE.
Mr. WHITE, by unanimous consent of the
House, submitted the following resolution; which
was read and adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and
hereby is, requested to furnish to this House all the written ,
evidence, and charges of fraud committed, or attempted to .
te comnittad, by persona evading or violating the laws of
the United States for the collection of revenue, with the ;
name* of such persona charged aa aforesaid, and whether i
they were citizens of the United States.
CHEAP POSTAGE BILL.
Mr. POTTER moved that the rules be-sus-
pended, and that the House resolve intself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union, ;
to take up the special order—the cheap postage !
bill. i,
INDIAN TROUBLES.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, asked that the
gentleman from Ohio would waive his motion for :|
the present, to enable him to submit & motion for I
the unanimous consent of the House to introduce
a resolution calling for information from the Indian <
Bureau. The information desired was in relation i
to the Winnebago troubles in Minnesota Territory, j
It was important that this information should be :j
laid before the Indian Committee at once. jl
Mr. POTTER waived his motion, and Mr. !|
Johnson submitted the resolution; which was
read, and adopted, as follows: j<
Raolved, That the Commissioner of Indian Alftirs be ! j
requested forthwith to furnish to the House of Represents - j1
lives, a report relative to the troubles with the Winnebago !.
Indians in the Territory of Minnesota, in the months of I
June and July last; and to accompany such report with
copies of such papers as may be on file in his office relating
to said Winnebago troubles, and the expenses incurred in
quelling the same.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. THOMAS moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the private calendar;
but waived the motion for the present, to enable
Mr. FITCH to withdraw certain papers from
the files of the House, in order that they might
be presented to the proper Department.
Mr. THOMAS then renewed his motion.
The SPEAKER stated that the motion of the
fentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Potter,] that the
louse resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union on the special order,
took precedence over the motion of the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Thomas,] and that the
question would be taken first upon the motion of
the gentleman from Ohio.
The question was then taken on Mr. Potter's
motion, and on a.division of the House there ap-
peared—ayes 58, noes 58.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The question recurring on the motion of the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Thomas,] it was
agreed to, and
The House then resolved itself into Committee
of the Whole on the Private Calendar, (Mr. Bow-
UN in the chair.)
The following bills of the House, to which
there was no objection, coining up in their order
on the calendar, were considered and ordered to
be laid aside to be reported to the House:
138. A bill for the relief of Sarah Duncan,
widow of Silas Duncan, late master commandant
of the United States Navy. •
139. A bill for the relief of Monmouth B. Hart,
Joel Kelly, and William Close, securities for the
late Benjamin P. Hart, a purser in the United
States Navy.
146. A bill for the relief of Thomas Rider, a
British subject.
149. A bill for the relief of Eleanor Davidson.
150. A bill granting a pension to Sarah A. Bush.
158. A bill for the relief of Joseph Johnson.
170. A bill for the relief of Polly Carver, execu-
trix of Nathan Carver.
11
172. A bill for the relief of John Poe, of Louis-
ville, Kentucky.
173. A bill for the relief of Captain William
Duerson, of Indiana.
175. A bill for the relief of the legal represent-
atives of Bernard Todd, deceased.
176. A bill for the relief of Edmund Dexter, of
Cincinnati.
177. A bill for the relief of Adolphus Meier and
Company, of St..Louis.
180. A bill for the relief of John Deamit.
182. A bill for the relief of Andrew Smith.
185. A bill to brovide for the payment of cer-
tain moneys to the legal representatives of Conrad
Ten Eyck, late marshal of the district of Michi-
gan, deceased.
189. A bill to provide compensation to William
Woodbndge and Henry Chipman, for services in
adjusting titles to land in Michigan, and for other
purposes.
190. A bill to compensate and reimburse the
owners and Crew of the whaling ship Chandler
Price the losses and expenses incurred in ransom-
ing the crew of the ship Columbia.
The following House bills and resolutions com-
ing up in their order on the calendar, and being
objected to, as indicated below, were ordered to
be laid aside for future action, under the 30th rule,
■which provides that the bills to the passage of
which no objection shall be made, shall be first
considered and disposed of.
Joint resolution 6. A joint resolution requiring
the Secretary of the Navy to enter into contract
for a supply of water-rotted hemp for the use of
the Navy, with George W. Billings. [Objected
to by Mr. Moibhead.]
147. A bill for the relief of Henry La Reintree.
[Objected to by Mr. Thomas.]
151. A bill for - the relief of the heirs of Lieu-
tenant Colonel Henry Miller. [Objected to by
Mr. Morris.]
157. A bill for the relief of Anthony Walton
Bayard. [Objected to by Mr. Conger.]
| 160. A bHl for the relief of George Keller. [Ob-
' jected to by Mr. Dnnham.] >
163. A bill for the relief of Thomas Coats.
[Objected to by Mr. Dunham.]
165. A bill for the relief of Pamelia Slavin, late
! wife of John Blue, deceased. [Objected to by Mr.
Dunham.]
! 169. A bill for the relief of George G. Bishop
and the legal representatives of Joh  Arnold, de-
ceased. [Objected to by Mr. Putnam.]
A resolution to pay J. W. Nye the sum of
$525 for damages claimed under the contract with
the Postmaster of the House of Representatives.
[Objected to bv Mr. Conger.]
174. A bill for the relief of the heirs of George
B. Read, deceased. [Objected to by Mr. Con-
ger.] ]
181. A bill for the relief of the legal representa- !
tives of Benjamin Fry, deceased. [Objected to by ;
Mr. Conger.]
185. A bill to provide for the payment of certain ,
moneys to the legal representatives of Conrad Ten :
Eyck, late Marshal of the district of Michigan,
deceased. Mr. Thomas objected, but subsequently
withdrew his objection.
186. A bill for the relief of Mrs. Susan C. Ran-
dall. [Objected to by Mr. McMullen.]
45. A bill for the relief of the heirs of Nicholas
Lachance and others. [Objected to by Mr Dun-
ham.]
46. A bill for the payment of a debt due to the
heirs of Antoine Peltier. [Objected to by Mr.
Dunham.1 pan ,
, 192. A bill for the relief of theTreirs of Thomas
' Wishart. [Objected to by Mr. Millson.]
House bill No. 153, granting a pension to Mary
Pike, widow of Ezra Pike deceased, coming up
. in order—
Mr. WALDO moved so to amend the bill as to
1 substitute $54 76 for $4412.
The question was put and the amendment was
agreed to. ,
It was then ordered that the bill be laid aside to
be reported to the House.
A bill (No, 159) for the relief of John Roseberry,
coming up in order—
Mr. DUNHAM moved to amend the bill by
striking out 1844, and inserting 1850, so that the
pension might commence from the 1st of January,
1850.
The amendment having been agreed to, the bill
was laid aside to be reported.
House bill No. 161 for the relief of Thomas R.
Sanders, coming up in order—
Mr. AVERETT. I move, sir, to amend thia
bill by striking out 1848, and inserting 1850, so
that the pension shall commence from the 1st of
January, 1850. I do this in deference to a decis-
ion made by this House a few days since on a
question of a like character. The committee re-
ported this bill knowing that the petitioner had
made out his title to a pension from the time at
which his pension is dated in this bill. The
House, however, recently decided that this was a
back pension, and so far as I am concerned in
the matter, I am for voting consistently on this
subject.
The amendment was agreed to, and the bill
laid aside to be reported.
House bill No. 162, to increase the pension of
Henry Click, Cocke county, Tennessee, coming
up in order— .
Mr. DUNHAM moved to strike out 1848, and
insert 1850 in lieu thereof.
The amendment was agreed to, and the bill was
laid aside to be reported.
House bill No. 164, for the relief of Warren
Raymond, coming up, in order—
Mr. MORRIS moved to strike out 1846, and
insert 1850.
The amendment was agreed to, and the bill
was laid aside to be reported.
House bill No. 166 for the relief of George S.
Claflin coming up, in order—
Mr. MORRIS moved to strike out 1845, and
insert 1850.
The amendment was agreed to, and the bill or-
dered to be laid aside to be reported to the House.
House bill No. 167 for the relief of William
Sparks coming up in order—
Mr. DUNHAM moved to strike out 1847, and
insert in lieu thereof 1850.
The amendment was agreed to, and the bill was
laid aside to be reported to the House.
House bill No. 171 for the relief of Messrs.
Watson, Chobot & Co. coming up in order—
Mr. THOMAS said, that this matter had been
already adjusted, and there was no necessity for
the passage of the bill. He moved that the bill
be laid aside to be reported to the House, with a
recommendation that it be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
House'bill No. 172 for the relief of John Poe, of
Louisville, Kentucky, coming up in order—
Mr. MARSHALL moved to amend the bill by
striking out S382 91, and insert in lieu thereof $750.
Mr. DUNHAM. I do not object to the bill as
reported by the committee, but I shall certainly do
so, if this amendment is agreed to.
Mr. MARSHALL was understood to persist
in his amendment.
Mr. THOMAS. Then, sir, I object to this bill.
Mr. MARSHALL withdrew his amendment;
whereupon
Mr. THOMAS withdrew his objection, and the
bill was laid aside to be reported to the House.
Mr. THOMAS moved that the committee now
rise and report the bills; on which question tellers
were called for, ordered, and Messrs. Briggs and
SaWtelle appointed. The question was then
taken, and the tellers reported, ayes 43, noes 63;
no quorum voting.
Loud cries of " Call the roll!"
The CHAIRMAN. If there is no objection
there will be a new count. There is evidently a
quorunv present in the Hall.
Mr. MORRIS objected.
Mr. STRONG. I submit to the Chair that on
a motion to rise a quorum is not necessary.
Mr. BURT. Certainly not.
The CHAIRMAN. But the gentlemen will un-
