162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 3,
derstand that the vote in this case is against rising.
The Clerk will call the roll.
The Clerk commenced calling the roil, but was
interrupted by
Mr. BOYD, who said that the confusion was
so great in the Hall that it was impossible to tell
what was going jon.
Loud cries of "Order!" and "Call the roll!"
Mr. BOYD. I rise to a point of order. I sub-
mit to the Chair that it is not necessary that a
quorum should vote on a motion to rise or to ad-
journ.
Several Members. Certainly not.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is aware that
it is not necessary that a quorum should vote to
rise, but the vote just taken would compel the
committee to continue sitting without a quorum.
If, however, there is no objection, another count
will now be taken by tellers.
Loud cries of "Object!" and " Call the roll!"
Tlie call of the roll was then proceeded with,
and one hundred and fifty-four members answered
to their names. The committee rose, and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, the Chair-
man reported the absentees to be entered on the
Journal,and that there were one hundred and fifty-
four members present answering to their names.
So there being a quorum, the committee resumed
it3 session.
The question recurring on the motion that the
committee rise and report the bills,
Mr. DUNHAM rose and asked if it was now
in order to withdraw his objection to bill 160, for
the relief of Keller. Facts had since come to his
knowledge 
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, (interpos-
ing,) called the gentleman to order. He had no
right to withdraw his objection.
The CHAIRMAN. It can only b« done by
general consent.
Mr. DUNHAM. Then I ask the general con-
sent of the House to withdraw my objection.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. I know
nothing about this case and I therefore object.
The question then recurring on the motion that
the committee rise, it was taken by tellers, who
reported 73 in the affirmative and 47 in the nega-
tive; so the motion was agreed to.
The committee then rose, and the Speaker having
resumed the Chair, the Chairman [Mr. Bowlin]
reported the action of the committee on the several
bills as indicated above.
The several bills reported from the Committee of
the "Whole, with a recommendation that they be
passed, were ordered to be engrossed; and having
been engrossed, were read a third time and passed.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bills were passed and to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
House Bill No. 182, for the relief of Andrew
Smith, coming up on the question of its engross-,
ment, Mr. Bowlin objected, and consequently it
lies upon the Speaker's table for future action.
The several bills to which amendments were
made by the committee were then taken up, and
the amendments having been concurred in, the
bills were ordered to be engrossed; and having
been engrossed they were read a third time ana
passed.
House bill No. 171, for the relief of Messrs.
Watson, Chabot & Co., was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. THOMAS moved that the House adjourn;
but waived the motion.
CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. McGAUGHEY, from the Committee of
Elections, made a report in behalf of the minority
of said commitee in favor of the claim of Jared
Perkins to the seat now occupied by George W.
Morrison, as the Representative elect to nil the
vacancy in the New Hampshire delegation, occa-
sioned by the resignation of James Wilson; which
was ordered to be printed.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following Executive commu-
nication :
To Hon. Howell Cobb,
Speaker of the Home of Representatives:
By a resolution parsed by the House of Representatives
on the B4th day of July, 1830, the President was requested
to cause to be prepared and communicated to the House,
certain opinions of Oe Attorneys General therein specified.
On inquiry I learned that the fcrce employed in the Attorney
General's office was not sufficient to perform this work,
consequently I employed DenjaminF. Hill, Esq.^coun-
sellor at Law, on the 9th day of September last, to execute
it, and requested him to commence it immediately. I in-
formed him that I was not authorized to give any other as-
surances as to compensation than that it rested with Con-
gress to provide and fix it. I believe Me. Hall to be in all
respects competent and well fitted for the task which he has
undertaken, and diligent in the performance of it; and it
appears to me that the most just mode of compensation will
be to make a per diem allowance of eight dollars per day
for the time actually employed, to be paid on the certificate
of the Attorney General.
I also transmit herewith a portion of the manuscript pre-
pared in pursuance of said resolution, with a letter from
Mr. Hall to me, indicating the mode in which he thinks
the work should be prepared and printed, which appears to
me worthy of consideration and adoption by the House.
MILLARD FILLMORE.
Washington, January 3,1851.
Mr. CONGER moved to refer the message to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, thoughtthe
message should be referred to the Committee on
Printing. That part of it which related to the
question of compensation might be referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means. The Committee
on the Judiciary had certainly nothing to do with
it; I move to refer it to the Committee on Print-
ing.
The SPEAKER. The question will first be
taken on the motion of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Conger.]
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, hoped his friend
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Thompson} would allow
this message to be referred to the Judiciary Com-
mittee. He particularly wished it to have that ref-
erence.
Mr." THOMPSON. Very well, sir; then 1
withdraw my motion.
Mr. CONGER'S motion was then agreed to,
and the message referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Also, the Speaker laid before the House the fol-
lowing communications:
II. A communication from the War Depart-
ment, transmitting, in pursuance of the act of
• April 2, 1794, a statement of the expenses of the
. national armories, and of the.number of arms,
! &c., manufactured in said armories for the fiscal
; year ending 30th June, 1850; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
, to be printed.
III. A communication from the Treasury De-
!1 partment, transmitting, in pursuance of the 20th
section of the act of August, 1842, a. detailed state-
ment of the manner in which the contingent funds
of the several bureaus of said Department have
been expended during the year ending 30th Sep-
tember, 1850; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Expenditures in the Treasury Depart-
ment, and ordered to be printed.
IY. Also, a communication from the Treasury
Department, transmitting, in compliance with the
resolution of the House of Representatives of the
19th September last, the report of James W.
McCulloh, the late First Comptroller of the
Treasury, upon the claim of Charles S. Sibbald;
which was ordered to lie on the table and be
printed.
V. Also, a communication from the State De-
partment, transmitting, in compliance with the act
of Congress of March 2,1819, a statement show-
ing the number and designation of passengers who
have arrived in each of the collection districts of
the United States during the year ending Septem-
ber 30, 1850; which was ordered te lie on the
table and be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House the
' report of the Clerk, in compliance with the reso-
; lution of "the House of 4th of March, 1842, pre-
! senting a detailed statement of the expenditures out
1 of the contingent fund of the House, &c.; which
was ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
| EXTRA PAY.
Mr. GILBJJJtX, by unanimous consent, intro-
| duced a bill, of which previous notice had bee.n
given, to make so much of the act making appro-
priation for the support of the Army for the year
ending 30th June, 1851, approved September 28,
! 1850, as provides for extra pay to the commanding
! officers and enlisted men of the Army of the Uni-
, ted States, serving in Oregon and California, retro-
1 active in its effect; which was read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. STRONG asked' the unanimous consent of
the House to give notice that on Tuesday next he
should call up the New Hampshire contested elec-
tion case. He had postponed calling it up here-
1 tofore on account of the absence of so many mein-
i bers.
1 Mr. HALL moved that when the House ad-
journs it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
| Mr. GRINNELL called for the yeas and nays;
! and they were ordered.
| Mr. HALL withdrew his motion.
: Mr. STRONG moved that the House do now
' adjourn.
] Mr. POTTER asked the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania to withdraw his motion, to enable him
i (Mr. P.) to call up a joint resolution now on the
! Speaker s table authorizing the appointment of a
[ mail agent to open the bids for the mail service in
| California and Oregon, which it was very desira-
! ble the House should pass without delay.
| Mr. STRONG declined to withdraw his mo-
tion.
| And the House adjourned.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. PHELPS gave notice that he would ask leave to in-
troduce a bill granting the right of way and making a dona-
tion of the public land to the State of Missouri, to aid in
the construction of a railroad from the western line of said
State, near Fort Scott, to a point on the road leading from
St. Louis to Little Rock, in the State of Arkansas.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, gave notice that he would
to-morrow, or on some subsequent day, ask leave to intro-
duce " a joint resolution directing payment of the awards
made by the Board of Commissioners organized to carry
into effect certain stipulations of the treaty of Guadalupe
Hidalgo."
PETITIONS, fcc.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate commit-
tees :
By Mr. GREEN: The memorial of the judges of the
county court of Cooper county, Missouri, praying a grant
of land to aid in the construction of a railroad.
By Mr. GOODENOW: The petitions of John Hubbard
and 77 others; of Charles Owen and 204 others, citizens of
the State of Maine, praying that an appropriation be made
for the purpose of erecting buoys on White's Ledge, on
Thorn's Ledge, and on Pond Island Reef, at the mouth of
the Kennebec river, in Maine.
By Mr. FITCH: The petition of A. Myers, Culbertson
It Faber, and other citizens of Logansport, Indiana, ask-
ing payment of certain debts contracted by a United States
officer in recruiting for the mounted riflemen.
Also, the petition of Hon. E. M. Chamberlain, of Indi-
ana, asking payment of money due by treaty stipulation to
the late Lieutenant J. P. Simonton, U. S. Army.
By Mr. WHITTLESEY: The petitions of E. B. Perkins
and others, of Washington county, Ohio, praying the adop-
tion of measures for-the peaceaWe adjustment of interna-
tional controversies.
By Mr. FULLER: The petition of Samuel Staples, etal.,
ofLubec, Maine, owners of the Schooner "Harp," for ah
allowance of fishing bounty, being cast away in the Summer
of 1850, while engaged in the cod fisheries.
Also, the memorial of William Witherle and 55 others,
legal voters of Castine, Maine, in favor of a stipulated arbi-
tration, or a congress of nations, for the settlement of na-
tional disputes.
By Mr. STETSON: The petition of William Owelly,
for arrearages of pension.
Also, the petiuon of Ephraim Packard and others, of
Blanchard, Maine, asking the adoption of measures for the
peaceable adjustment of international difficulties.
Also, the petition of the Ixeirs of Silas Winchester, for
arrearages of pension.
By Mr. CROWELL : The petition of John M. Porter and
others, citizens ofLowell, Mahoning county, Ohio, praying
the repeal of the fugitive slave law.
Also, the petition of Nehemiah Edson and others, citizens
of Mahoning county, Ohio, praying the repeal of the fugi-
tive slave law.
By Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee: The petition and other
papers of Wyly B. Kennen, of Tennessee, praying Congress
to grant him and the other heire a pension on account of
services rendered by their father in the revolutionary war.
By Mr. MOORE: The petition from citizens of Philadel-
?hia, for the repeal of the fugitive slave bill of September
8, 1850.
By Mr. SPAULDING: The petition of citizens of Buf-
falo, New York, complaining of the losses suffered by in-
ventors from the introduction of products manufactured by
machines of American invention in the British provinces,
and praying that the bill " giving further remedies to pat-
entees" may become a law.
t By Mr. SCHENCK: Two memorials of 474 citizens of
Ohio, praying for the completion of the National Road from
Springfield, in that State, to the Indiana Kne.
By Mr. PHELPS: The petition of Waldo P. Johnson
and others, citizens of Missouri, for a post route from Os-
ceola, via Fremont, to Greenfield, in the State of Missouri.
By Mr. TAYLOR: The petition of John Porter Brown,
dragoman of the United States legation at Constantinople,
praying compensation for performing the dHties of Charge
d'Affaires of the United States near the Sublime Porte, un-
der the direction of his Government, during the absence of
the American Minister.
By Mr. CHANDLER: The memorial of the Presidents
qf the several Marine Insurance Companies of Philadel-
phia, asking for an increase of the salary of the judge of the
United Statescourt at Key West.
