1851.
THB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
under the terms of the contract, bat it is moat
dearly an equitable one, and very strongly bo.
The reservation as to changing the time of carry-
ing the mail on any routes is Yery common in all
contracts, and it ought to be so construed for the
purpose of carrying out the objects attempted in sup-
plying a mail if it is needed, and only when it is
needed. The circumstances which induced the en-
tering into this arrangement, in the contract for car- !
rying the mail between these two points, were not
the same as those which existed at the time of its
discontinuance. If the reservation had been carried
out fairly, the service would have been discontinued
for one day in the week through the entire route.
But this route was in the centre, and it operates
on both ends of the route. The individual who
contracted to carry the mail on this portion of the
route, had stock enough to carry the mail accord-
ing to the contract; but here was a part of the
route discontinued, while on the ends of the line ,
the mail was run every day. This was a source
of inconvenience to every one upon the route.
Yet I do not justify the contractor in going con-
trary to an order of the Department, because citi-
zens in any part of the country might advise or
desire it. This, however, was a peculiar case,
because the mail would be stopped in the cen- !
tre of the line for one day. Under these cir-
cumstances* it seems to me it is a very strong '
equitable appeal to the Congress of the United
States. There have been instances, perhaps more
than half a dozen cases, precisely parallel, in
which service has been rendered, and compensa-
tion made for it.
Mr. DAWSON. I do not like to interfere with
questions of this kind, but I wish to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, to state whether the Post Office Depart-
ment has ever made any recommendation to either
branch of Congress in relation to this particular
application—whether they have stated that the
public service demanded that the mail should be
carried every day, and whether it was from the j
embarrassed condition of the Post Office Depart-
ment that the Postmaster General had directed
this service to be suspended one day in the week.
Mr. RUSK. The only report from that De-
partment is, that the service was stopped.
Mr. DAWSON. And there were no other
facts, were there?
# Mr. RUSK." There were not. I presume the
present Postmaster- General felt a delicaey in
making a statement in regard to it, as the suspen-
sion occurred under a previous Administration.
Mr. DAWSON. Then, if the proper officers
would fed a great delicacy in recommending this
to our notice, I think we ought to hesitate before
we allow the claim. It is the principle for which
I contend. It is said that this service was sus-
pended at a time when the Post Office Department
was in an embarrassed condition, and that it was
all done in conformity to the'contract. The ques-
tion, then, is, can an individual claim compensa-
tion for an injury received when the Government,
on its part, conforms to the contract? -Suppose the
Postmaster General had discontinued any other
mail service throughout {he United States, and
other individuals as well as these, who desired to
have the mail carried every day in the week for
their own convenience, should take it upon them-
selves to procure the carrying of the mail every
day in the week, in violation of an order of .the
Department, and subsequently should come and
ask Congress to compensate the contractor for his
services: how could we manage this great ma-
chinery, and what confidence could the Postmaster
General have in an estimate which he may make
and lay before Congress, and how can he ask for
suitable appropriations for carrying the mails, if
this principle is to prevail ? It is the principle for
which 1 contend, and not for the amount of money
involved. The Postmaster General had a right to
.suspend this service, and he did it in conformity
with the power conferred upon him, and I cannot
see how this party can have any claim upon us.
Although it is said there are precedents for allow-
ing this claim, I think they must have past with-
out the consideration of Congress, as this measure
did yesterday; for it did not even come to my
knowledge yesterday. If this question had been
presented to me, in relation to this very point, I
should have given it as my opinion that no con-
tractor has a right to violate an order of the
Postmaster General, and then come in and claim
compensation for his services, upon principles
of equity. We are not here for the purpose
of revising the acts of another branch of the Gov-
ernment. We can never carry on the service
of the Government with economy, with this kind
of clashing between the different departments. I
should have preferred to have the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads call on the Depart-
ment to state whether, in their opinion, it is proper
that this claim should be allowed, and to se«
whether this act differs from any other ever pre- j
sen ted. It is said this was an intermediate route, |
one upon which the other coaches upon the other j
parts of the route were running daily, and that in |
consequence of the solicitations of business men j
upon the route, the contractor determined to run
this seventy-six miles every day in the week also, i
If that be so, and if there were four-horse coaches (
employed, then it was for the convenience of pas-
sengers that the coaches run. Is the Government '
to pay for the service of any individuals thus ren- 1
dered for the convenience of passeneers ? The law
of 1844 is strictly against that. We made a law
that we should pay for carrying the mails, and ac-
cording to the contract no other service shall be
paid for. When it is for the convenience, for the
accommodation of passengers to run four-horse
coaches, the.contractor may run them, but the
Government will have nothing to do with it. We
pay for carrying the mail, and when we have paid
for the service according to law, we have done our
duty. If this principle has heretofore been viola-
ted, I think it is time we should put an end to its
further violation, and to sustain the Post Office
Department until it has been clearly shown that
there has been a violation of duty on the part of
that Department. In this instance it is clearly i
shown that the Postmaster General performed his !
duty faithfully to the Government.
Mr. GWIN. I move to postpone this subject j
in order to take up the California land bill. |
Mr. UPHAM. I wish to state that there is a
slight mistake in the statement made by the chair-
man of the committee, [Mr. Rusk.] I stated that
the distance from Boston to Burlington was two
•hundred and thirty miles, and that the distance
from Royalton to Burlington was seven ty-sixmiles,
and that this was at the end of the route where the
order to discontinue the service was made. I
stated also that the very reason why this mail Was
run was on account of the urgent solicitation from
citizens upon this part of the route. I say again
that the question is, did the public convenience re-
quire that the mail should be run every day in the
week? If it did, and if the Department was unable
to pay the contractor at the time, and the order to
discontinue the route was made on that account,
is it not just that the contractor should now be
paid ? The Postmaster General says himself, "if
the mail is run every day in the week you must
look to Congress for your compensation." This
expense was incurred for carrying the mail, and
not for carrying passengers, and all that is asked
now is that payment be made for the expenses in-
curred, without interest, since 1834. The order
to discontinue was in 1834; yet as the Department
knew the contractor was still running as usual ac-
cording to his contract; all that was said to him
was, you must rely on Congress for payment. I
did not say this is a legal claim, but that it is a just
one, that the service has been rendered when the
Department was embarrassed, and I see no reason
why it should not be paid.
The PRESIDENT. The proposition before
the Senate is to postpone the further considera-
tion of this bill till to-morrow.
The question being taken, and a division being
called for, there were—ayes 19, noes 19.
So the motion to postpone was not agreed to. ■
The question was then taken on the passage of
the bill, and it was agreed to.
FORTIFICATION OF SHIP ISLAND.
The bill for the fortification of Ship Island, off
the coast of Mississippi, was read a third time and
passed. •
LAND TITLES IN CALIFORNIA.
On motion By Mr. GWIN, the Senate resumed
the consideration of the bill to ascertain and settle
the private land claims in the State of California.
The PRESIDENT stated the pending question
to be the motion made by the Senator from Mis-
souri [Mr. Benton] to strike out all after the
enacting clause and insert a substitue for the
whole bill.
Mr. BENTON addressed the Senate for an
hour and a half in explanation of the substitute
which he proposed. [A report of his speech will
be found in the Appendix.]
On motion by Mr. GWIN, the further consider-
ation of the subject was postponed till to-morrow.
On motion, it was ordered that when the Sen-
ate adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday.
And then, on motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 4, 1851.
The House met at twelve o 'clock. The Journal
of yesterday was read and approved.
CLAIMS OF MICHIGAN.
Mr. BUEL, by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill, of which previous notice had been given,
to refund to the State of Michigan the amount of
money advanced, and transportation furnished, to
volunteers from that State during the late war
with Mexico; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. THOMAS moved that the House resolve
| itself into a Committee of the Whole House to
j take up the private calendar; but waived his mo-
| tion at the request of
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, who, by
unanimous consent, moved that the Committee on
the Judiciary-be discharged from the further con-
; sid era tion of the petition of Tobias Myer and
Chambers McKibben, praying to be released from
a contract with the Navy Department, and that it
be referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The question was then taken, and it was or-
dered accordingly.
Mr. YOUNG, by unanimous consent, and in
pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill to
, grant a quantity of land to the State of Illinois,
to aid in the construction of a railroad from a
point opposite Terre Haute, Indiana, to a point at
or near Illinois Town, Illinois; which was^read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. THOMAS now insisted upon his.motion..
CHEAP POSTAGE BILL.
Mr. POTTEft moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
to tali;e up the special order, the cheap postage bill.
The SPEAKER said that the motion made by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Potter,] being a
motion to go into committee on the special order,
takes precedence of the motion made by the gen-
tleman from Tennessee,.[Mr. Thomas.}
- The question was then put on the motion of the
gentleman front Ohio, (Mr. Potter,] and upon a
division, there appeared—ayes 67, noes 45.
Mr. CLINGMAN called for tellers on the ques-
tion; which were ordered, and Messrs. Potter
and Fowler were appointed to act. The question
was then taken, and the tellers reported—ayes 79,
noes 54.
Mr. THOMAS was understood to say, that the
private calendar had been neglected this session
i and the last, and he wanted to see who were op-
i posed to taking it up now, and therefore called for
the yeas and nays; which were ordered; and
The question being taken, it was carried in the
affirmative—yeas 110, nays 54—as follows:
! YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Bennett, Booth, Bowdon,
Bowlin, Breck, Briggs, Brooks, Buel, BuIJard, Burrows,
Burt, Butler, Joseph Cable, Calvin, Campbell, Casey,
Chandler, Clarke,Cleveland,Cole, Conger, Corwin, Crow-
ell, Danner, Dimmick, Disney, Dixon, Duncan, Durkee,
Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans, Ewing, Fitch, Fowler,
j Freedley, Gerry, Giddisgs, Gilbert, Goodenow, Gott, Gould,
Grinnell, Hall, Halloway, Hamilton, Hampton, Harlsn,
| Hay, Heliard, Henry, Hibbard, Hoaglahd, Howe, Hunter,
I William T. Jackson, James L. Johnson, Julian, George G.
! King, James G. King, Joha A. King, Horace Mann, Job
Mann, Mmtteson, McGaugliey, McKissock, McLanahan,
> F. E. McLean, Meacham, J. K* Miller, Moore, Morehead,
Morris, Newell", Ogle, Olds, Otis, Peaslee, Phelps, Potter,
■ Reed, Kisley, Robbins, Rockwell, Root, Rose, Saekett,
i Savage, Sawtelle, Scbenck, Schoolcraft, Silvester, Spaul-
ding, Sprague, Frederick P. Stanton, Thaddeus Stevens,
Stetson, Strong, Sweetser, James Thompson, John B.
Thompson, Thunnan, Underbill, Van Dyke, Venabie, Vin-
ton, Waldo. Watkins, Wentworth, and Whittlesey—110.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Alston, Ashe, Averett, Bayly,
Bocock, Albert G. Brown, Geoige A. Caldwell, Clingman,
i W. R. W. Cobb, Deberry, Dunham, Edmandson, Feather-
