168
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 4,
priety, and justice, were I to vote for the bill without
the adoption of these amendments.
But, sir, I set out to show that the first effort
made to carry out this post office reform, as it is
' called, marked clearly and conclusively the line of
policy that must of necessity be adopted to carry
out the scheme, and sustain the Department. I
have felt already, since I have had the honor to
occupy a seat upon this floor, the smart of this
system—not to my own feeling's and interests in
the popular acceptation of the term—but 1 have
felt the pangs of mortification and regret, that I
could not, even under the operation of the law
passed at its session of '45-6, secure to my con-
stituents the mail service and facilities they had
enjoyed for years, and which I had a right to ask
for them, and did claim for them at the hands of
the Department. Yes, sir, for some time prior to
the lettings of contracts for the transportation of
the mail last April, had I earnestly, repeatedly,
and zealously urged upon the late Postmaster Gen-
eral and the First Assistant, who had charge of
the contract office, the propriety of increasing and
ifhproving the grade of service upon three very
important routes diverging from the city of Knox-
ville, through fertile, wealthy, and populous dis-
tricts of country, passing through several growing
and enterprising villages and towns, and connect-
ing with important points of trade and travel, in
the States of Kentucky, Virginia, and the Caro-
linas. But, sir, in despite of all my efforts nothing
of value could be accomplished, but in the aggre- 1
gate a depreciation in the character and grade of f
service. One* of these routes, leading from Knox- .
villeto Wilsonville, thence to Ashville, North Caro- .
lina, running the whole distance through the great '
valley of the French Broad—one of the richest and
mostproductivedistricts of country west of the Alle-
ghames—has been, since the first settlement of
Tennessee, the principal line of travel from the
old North State west, and upon which either two ,
or four-horse coach service had been kept up con-
secutively and uninterruptedly for thirty or forty
years, was cut down to a horse mail, v arious ap- ;
peals were made by the people, through me and
others, to the Postmaster General for a revival of
the former service and removal of the grievances
of which they complained, and of which, in my
judgment, they complained justly, but all to no
purpose. Not content with every effort in my '
power, which was made, the people sent a special
agent—a very intelligent and estimable gentleman—
to represent their grievances to the Postmaster
General, and ask reparation for injuries they had
sustained and were sustaining daily by the cur-
tailment of their former facilities'. I haa the honor
of accompanying the agent more than once to the
Post Office Department, together with other mem-
bers of the delegation, and at every step, in reply
to every effort and application made either alone
or in conjunction with the agent and others, I was
met with the argument and reply from the First
Assistant, that under the actof Congress to which
I have alluded, it was made the duty of the Post-
master General, in pursuance of an act passed prior
to that, either to diminish the service or discontinue
the route where the receipts fail to cover a certain
amount of the expenditures; and that, too, when
there is a heavy surplus in the Treasury belonging
to the Post Office Department.
Now, sir, I would ask any friend of the bill to
tell me, if it be necessary to make such reductions
in the service in the State of Tennessee and else-
where in anticipation of this system, what is to be-
come of them when you have still further reduced
the rates of postage, and, consequently, the rev-
enues of that Department ? It is perfectly clear to
my mind that in all districts of country such as I
have the honor to represent, there would be a grad-
ual deterioration in the postal facilities and mail
service in the wealthiest and most populous por- i
tions of them, and in those more remote from the
main thoroughfares of travel and most important
towns and commercial points, an entire abandon-
ment of the routes or discontinuance of the ser-
vice. This, sir, will be the case in the very sections
. * Upon but one route east of Knoxville was the service
unproved. Messrs. Kent & Bland, in order to save the
*™ve' which this route threw upon an important line which
tney had secured in the State of Virginia, put their bid down
at a rRte 11810 fe" within the discretion of the De-
partment. It was owing as much to this fact that the ser-
vice was improved upon this route, as any effort the friends 1
,aPnJ\e'PKn} were able to make here, and I am sure .!
we did everything in our power to effect it. ■-
of country where our people most need those ad-
vantages and facilities, and are most dependent
! upon the Government for encouragement and pro-
tection. There are other portions of my district
for which I have labored assiduously and contin-
uously for an improvement in the character and
r grade of service—all of which have met a similar
fate.
One other, of which, on aocount of its posi-
tion to, and connection with, other interests and
States, I am determined, in order to demonstrate
; more clearly the effect of this thing, to introduce
to the committee a short correspondence between
the Postmaster General and myself, which is only
one of the many communications and interviews
that I have had with the Department in reference
to the interests of my constituents upon this sub-
ject. So long as I have the honor to occupy a seat
, upon this floor, 1 intend to urge upon the Depart-
ment the propriety of promoting these interests
and regarding these claims, until I hope to see
them prosecuted to a successful termination:
House of Representatives, December 26,1850.
Major 8. R. Hobbie,
First Assistant Postmaster General:
Sir : Some time during the last session of the present
Congress, ([ think in the month of March or April,) I for-
warded to the Postmaster General a petition numerously
signed by respectable citizens of the counties of Claiborne,
Campbell, Anderson, and Knox, asking for a line of coaches
to run between Knoxville and Cumberland Gap. I filed
with the paper* a written statement, and appeal to the Post-
master General for this improvement. I suppose the papers
to be yet in your office. Will you do me the favor to en-
close to me at the House of Representatives a copy of said
letter? Most respectfully, your obedient servant,
A. G. WATKIN3.
Post Office Department, Contract Off-ice, )
December 27, 1850. )
Sir : Agreeably to your application, I«have the honor to !
enclose herewith your letter written to the Postmaster Gen-
eral on the 15th April last, enclosing a petition of citizens
asking that three times a week service be performed in
two-horse coaches on route No. 5,342, Knoxvillo to Cum-
berland Gap, and in which communication you take occa-
sion to recommend strongly to the Department the propriety
of granting the prayer of the petitioners.
Respectfully your obedient servant,
NICHOLAS HALTER,
For First Assistant Postmaster General.
Hon. A. G. Watkins, House of Representatives.
Honsa or Representative*, April 15, 1850.
Sir: It is both my duty and pleasure to forward to you
the petition of sundry creditable and responsible citizens of
the counties of Campbell, Claiborne, Anderson, and Knox,
asking that a line of two-horse coaches be established to
run semi or tri-weekly from the Kentucky line, at Cum-
berland Gap, to Knoxville, Tennessee. Understanding,
as I do, the character and resources of the country through
which this route is located, as well as the character and
resources of the population inhabiting that beautiful, val-
uable, and fertile section of country, I cannot, consist- |
ently with a just sense of duty and propriety, refrain from
urging, most zealously, though most respectfully, upon your
consideration, the stern necessity for granting this service.
The incalculable advantages that would accrue to that
important and deserving, but hitherto much neglected por-
tion of our common country, caunot fail to commend it to
your most favorable consideration. The distance from
Cumberland Gap to Knoxville, via Flneastte, Jacksbor- !
oiigh, and Clinton, is about sixty or seventy miles. Nearly
the whole distance comprises- one of the most product-
ive and interesting portions of the whole State of Tennes-
see, known as Powel's Valley, running through a part of
Claiborne, the whole length of Campbell and Anderson
counties, and a part of Knox, terminating at the city of
Knoxville. It is, on most of the route, a comparatively
level, smooth surface, with a fin  road for staging, and
every facility calculated to warrant the yield of a liberal
amount of revenne to the Department, and guarantee a re-
ward to tile undertaker for the performance of the service
with promptness and fidelity. Along the whole line the
country is inhabited by wealthy, industrious, and enterpri-
sing citizens, whose only mail facility is now, I believe, a
horse mail once a week. Now, sir, when you take into
view the fact, that this accommodation would connect them
with the great Kentucky and South Carolina thoroughfare,
and also the main turnpike road through Western Virginia,
and a distributing post office at a point where the States of
Kentucky, Virginia, and Tennessee come at one point, and
the city of KnoxviHe, at present the head of steamboat nav-
igation on the Tennessee river, the eastern terminus of the
Georgia and Tennessee Railroad, which is in rapid progress
of constrution, and the western terminus of the Virginia
and Tennessee Railroad at the other point—you cannot fail
to appreciate the importance of the object.
I flatter myself that the paramount and striking advan-
tages that must most inevitably result from these important
connections, will demonstrate clearly and forcibly, the pro-
priety and necessity of granting the prayer of the petitioners.
You will do me a signal favor by giving me your views of
the proposition at as early a period as practicable.
I will, with pleasure, give you any additional information
touching thin matter, in my possession, that you may desire,
or that I may have it in my power to derive from other re-
liable sources.
Most respectfully, your obedient servant,
„ t A. G. WATKIN3.
Hon. Jacob Collamer, Postmaster General.
Why, sir, I understand this to be'an age of
progression, when the whole country is advancing
and improving, in arts, science, and manufactures;
when the means and media of trade, commerce,
and navigation are being opened up and improved;
when mail service and postal facilities, as well as
other vast and magnificent schemes of improve-
ment, are to be linked oil to the great Union car,
so heavily freighted at this particular crisis with
multiplied and varied interests, looking to the
general improvement of the whole country, from
centre to circumference. If the tendency of this
reform was to these results, no gentleman would
give it a more hearty support than myself. But
believing, as I do, that it will operate differently,
I shall, without the accomplishment of the objects
contemplated in this amendment, most certainly
vote against it. My opposition, Mr. Chairman,
does not result from any hostility whatever to the
advancement or promotion of the commercial in-
terests or facilities of the country, with their pres-
ent locality. For, sir, no one is prouder of them
than I am; no one would be more delighted to see
them promoted, magnified, and expanded than I.
But I am unwilling to see this done at the sacrifice
and prostration of the interests of another class of
citizens and section of the country—more general,
more equal, more uniform, more diffusive, and
equally important to the prosperity and security of
the institutions of this country. I am not opposed
to cheap postage. I am not opposed to reformations
of any kind, or in any Department of the Gov-
ernment; but this is no reformation to my con-
stituents without this amendment. The Post Office
i Department must be either a self-sustaining depart-
ment, or you must throw it upon the Treasury
for support; in either event you must raise reve-
nue sufficient from the Department itself to pay
expenses, else you increase thegwieral and aggre-
gate expenditures of the Treasury, so as to make
it an object of interest and policy with any ad-
ministration of any party to economize, in order to
bring the expenses within the piont of extrava-
gance. And, sir, when this occurs, it is too plain
to require comment to show where this decrease
of service and dimunitibn of expense is to be
made. I ask, sir, is it fair, is it just, that, because
the seventy or an hundred thousand inhabitants
that you or I represent upon this floor happen to
be distributed over a large district Of country, and'
consequently deprived of the commercial and pe-
cuniary advantages possessed by the more densely
populated towns and districts of country lying
upon and contiguous to the great Atlantic slope,
that they" should be cut off from these advantages
because they are not surrounded with and sup-
ported by the monetary influences that others
possess ? Sir, the rates of postage should be suffi-
ciently high to defray the expenses of the Post
Office Department, and extend such facilities and
advantages to the inhabitants of every section of the
country as their position and necessities demand.
But, sir, under the operation of this system, you
must,in orderthatyou may favorand accommodate
those who have arrived at full grown maturity in all
the various interests and schgpies of improvement
calculated to develop every resource they possess,
strip other portions of the country of the advan-
tages calculated to elevate them to the same posi-
tion. Yes, sir, what we in the South ana the
West most need is the improvement of our roads,
rivers and harbors, our mail service and postal
facilities, by which we will be enabled to develop
the vast latent resources of our country. This
would-enable us to open up and construct outlets
to market and make our inland country and im-
provements important links by which to connect
the great marts and commercial points of the dif-
ferent sections of the Union, which would be
infinitely more benefited by these improvements
than all the money that has been or perhaps ever
wiH be expended through the Post Office Depart-
ment for the enhancement of our mail facilities
would be worth to them. The improvement of
our rivers, harbors, and railroads, in the South and
West will, I trust, elicit the attention, occupy
much of the time, and receive a liberal share of
the patronage and encouragement of this and suc-
ceeding sessions of Congress, until we, by assert-
ing our rights and maintaining our interests and
necessities, will be placed side by side with our
sister States of the North and East in every
branch and grade of improvement of which the
country is susceptible. Then indeed shall we be
