170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 4,
hardships incident to the setttanent of a «w
country; ud I do not intend that my friends who
are now combating the trials and hardships of
California and Oregon shall be visited by their Gov-
ernment with such injustice. The men who are
Bow settling those countries are sacrificing their
lives for a craning generation; I will not add to
their hardships by taxing them four times as much
as a citizen of the old States of the Union for a
letter which shall give them intelligence of their
friends left behind them, and shall chill that gush
of feeling which will swell their bosoms, as they
take possession of a letter that comes from their
far distant native land.
Sir, my heart was touched the other day by the
eloquent remarks of the honorable gentletnan, [Mr.
Thckston,] the Delegate from Oregon.
It is true, air, that a common flag waves over
the head of the resident upon the shores of the
Pacific and the Atlantic. A common destiny awaits
both, and the blessings of a common Government
shall be extended to both, without any inviduous
distinctions, so far as my vote will affect the action
of this House.
Mr. S. having concluded,
Mr. ROOT said: My purpose, Mr. Chairrii&n,
ia not ao much to discuss the amendment pending,
aa to indicate to the committee the principles upon
which I think the Post Office Department should
be conducted. And, first, sir, I am willing to con-
cede that it ahould support itself—in other words,
that those who use it, whether individuals or the
Government, should pay its expenses in full pro-
portion to thie use they have of it respectively, and
that it should not be made a burden upon anybody
else. This principle requires no illustration, and
is ao just that it needs only to be stated to receive
the assent of every friend of fair dealing.
From this principle necessarily follows another:
That nothing should be carried free in the mails,
but that postage should be paid on everything ad-
mitted into them. I am aware that this would cut
up the much vaunted " franking privilege" by the
roots; and that ia precisely what I am and ever
have been in favor of doing, for I regard it aa a
mat and growing abuse. That it is exercised
beneficially in some instances, and hotiestly in
most, I will not deny, bat that it is productive of aa
much good as evil, 1 do not believe. Why, sir, it
is impossible to exercisS it impartially. No gen-
tleman here can give the benefit of it to all his con-
stituents, for no one has or can have the requisite
information to enable him to do so; and however
well-informed he may be, an equal distribution of
such favors amongst a hundred thousand people,'
or eighteen thousand electors, is out of the ques-
tion. In spite of all he can do, the esquires, the
colonels, the reverends, and especially the leading
politicians, will get the greater part, and what a few
get free, the rest of the people have to pay for. I
propose to look a little more closely into the na-
ture and effects of this privilege than some gen-
tlemen who have preceded me Rave done.
Members of Congress, and others enjoying the
privilege, carry on their own private correspond-
ence free, or rather at the expense of other*.
What good reason is there for this ? I never heard
any other than the impossibility of discriminating
between their private and their official correspond-
ence; but this reason, or rather excuse, admits
that it is not right in itself, and it is obviously un-
fair and partial.
It ia said that numerous communications art
made to members through the mails, in which
they, as private individuals, have no interest or
concern, and that it would be imposing an onerous
tax upon them to require them to pay the postage
on such communications. This, I admit, is true.
The postage on nine tenths of such matter should
be paid by those mailing it, and before I finish my
remarks I hope to be able to show that it is en-
tirely practicable to have that done. But my col-
league JMr. Sweet*er] spoke in glowing terms
of the immense importance of the'franking privi-
lege, and of the public documents that it enabled
members to send to the people. If I understood him
correctly, he told us oi the excellent family libra-
ries that might be found in the log-eabins of his
district, which the owner had acquired in this
way. Some of those document* are' doubtless
worth saving, and a few may be worth read-
ing; but God help the family that has no other
library than such a one as they would constitute.
Mr. SWEETSER (Mr. R. yielding the floor)
said, I suppose these libraries must have existed
in the district which my colleague [Mr. Root]
represents, for I noticed m the last canvass in his
district that he is waning considerably in the esti-
mation of the people there. I do not know of any
reason which should bring about such a state of :
things, unless it is hia sentiments on this very j
subject.
Mr. ROOT resumed: Mr. Chairman, does my
coMeafue suppose that anything he can js&y will
provoke me to depart from gentlemanly discus-
sion? Almost anybody will accept a public doc-
ument of almost any kind if he can get it for noth-
ing, but who would take one in ten of them if he
were required to pay even a moderate postage
on it? Coining free, they show that the member
has not forgotten the recipient. They are all fhll
of pictures noW-a-days—mountains and streams,
rocks and trees, sheep and pigs—all figure in theih.
[A voice, "Yes, ana bugs, too."] That may be.
Humbug* I am sure there are in most of them.
The pictures will serve to amuse children. The
other parts of these documents may do to line
cheap trunks, or paMe over the cracks in a wall,
and possibly they might be put to some other
uaes; but let them be charged with their fair
proportion of postage, and who would thank us
for one in ten of them? And yet the postage on
them has to be paid. Why should it not be paid
by those who send or those who receive them?
This abuse is intimately connected with another:
I mean the printing abuse. This latter has be$n
of recent, but rapid growth. We almost daily
order thousands and tens of thousands of docu-
ments, which are of little or no use to the mass of
the people, for gratuitous distribution among the
particular friends and acquaintances of members,
not because they contain valuable information, but
because they can be sent through the mails free of
postage. In short, we print because we can frank,
and we frank because we print, till this House has
become the greatest " book concern "in the Union;
and such books as it makes! Who reads them ?
Not the persons to whom they are sent, nor the
members who send them. I am sure that no gen-
tleman would condemn his worst enemy to the
" cruel and unusual punishment" of reading all the
Congressional docu mentt.
I do not wish to keep from the people the knowl-
edge of the doings or the sayings of their public
servants, nor would the abolition of the franking
privilege have that effeet. All that they wish to
know or have any interest in knowing would be
communicated to them through the newspaper, in
less time and with less expense than it now is.
It is urged that the executive departments must
send and receive a great deal of heavy matter
through the mails. Well, let them pay postageon
them according to the usual rates. There would
be nothing unreasonable in that. It is just as proper
that the Government should pay for transporta-
tion by the mails as for any other transportation,
or any other service; but there is no propriety, no
fairness, in taxing the correspondence of private
citizens two or three times its fair proportion, in
order that a necessary or unnecessary public doc-
ument, under the frank of a Secretary or member
of Congress, may be carried for nothing.
Sir, relieve the Mails of tills enormous, and to a
freat extent, worthless burden cast upon them
y the franking privilege, and you may have them
carried much cheaper and much faster than they
now are.
I am aware, sir, that the newspapers are gener-
ally in favor of going in the mail free of charge a
certain, or, I should say, a very uncertain dis-
tance from the place of publication, and I admit
that so long as public documents go free, they
may with reason claim a like privilege; but I am
against both, for the reasons I have already stated.
They are partial and unequal, and therefore un-
just, I am opposed to granting special privileges
to any one, and in favor of making all pay for
the service they receive from the Post Office De-
partment.
The country newspapers need be in no fear of
being superseded by those published in the cities.
The electric telegraph hae recently given the for-
mer an advantage which the tatter can never over-
come. Now, before the city paper can reach the
country, the telegraph wires will navecarried all its
latest new* there, so tint if y*ju are west of the
mountains, and wish to learn the latest news from
New York, you look into die local paper for it.
and not into the latest New York paper, as for-
merly you did. Besides, if the country papers
would give more of their space and care to tlieir
local afiairs, and be less the imitators and copyists
of the city papers, they would find that the inform-
ation for which they are chiefly taken and val-
ued is beyond the rivalry of the city press.
At the present time mail carriers are allowed to
carry newspapers outside the mail bags short dis-
tances from the place of publication, and in this
way a large proportion of the country papers are
sent to their subscribers free of postage, and in
sothe cases even more expeditiously than they
could be through the mail.
If any exception were to be made from the mle,
that all who use the mails should pay for their
use, I confess that I should be for making it in
favor of country newspapers; but I am against
any exception.
Finally, Mr. Chairman, I am for the prepay-
ment of postage in all cases. All will admit, that
if postage is charged, it should be paid at some
time by somebody; and why not as well require it
to be paid in advance by the person who deposits the
letter or paper in the post office, as by the person
receiving it at the time of delivery? I have heard
many objections to this proposition, but none that
I could think of much weight.
I have heard this question asked with an air of
seriousness that entitles it to a respectful answer:
If a person were to write you on his own busi-
ness, he might pay the postage on his letter; but
you would nave to answer it, and pay the postage
on your answer. Would,that be right? No; nor
would there be the least difficulty in this caBe; for
if all postage was required to be prepaid, the De-
partment would provide postage stamps for letters,
so that they might be provided at any post office
and any one writing a letter requiring an an-
swer on which he ought to pay the postage, would
of course envelop a stamp for the answer-; for if
he did not, he could not expect to have has letter
attended to.
These post stamps would, as I have said, be
within the rqf$h of every one, and they would be-
come as much a part of the furniture of a writing-
desk as the ink or paper with which a letter is
written, or the wafer with which it is sealed; at
least they could always be procured at the post
office where the letter was to be mailed. They
would save much trouble and delay to postmaster*
and people iq receiving and delivering letters, &c.,
for tney would obviate,all the difficulties of making
chonge wd kseping accounts.
But as to newspapers: would I require the pub-
lishers to advance the postage for. their subscribers,
some of whom do not even pay for the papers
themselves? Not exactly so; but I would insist
on prepayment of postage on newspapers as well
as on letters; ana I believe it would benefit the
newspaper publisher more than anybody else.
The postage on the newspaper would, under this
rule, become as much a part of the cost of it to the
publisher as the ink or paper, or the composition
or presswork, and it would, probably lead all pubr
lishers to adopt the " cash system," as it is called.
Then the publishers would have rrcr non-paying
subscribers, or bad debts. The price of the paper
would be fixed, with an understanding on both
sides that it included postage; and, when it is re-
membered how large a proportion of newspaper
accounts turn out to be bad debts, and how much
it costs to -collect even good ones, {• think I hazard
little in predicting, that if the prepayment system
prevailed, we should get our newspapers at as low
prices, " postage paid," as we do now, paying the
postage into the bargain. No one should take a
paper unless he intends to pay for it, and pay the
postage too; and if he does intend to pay, ne may
just as well pay as he goes «s to pay at a future
day. And it would enable the publisher always to
tell exactly what kind of a business he was doing,
which would be no small advantage.
The prepayment of postage would save the
Department from all loss by dead letters, the
deputy postmaster from a great deal of labor
wnich they now have to perform, and enable the
-Department to dispense with the services of nu-
merous clerks; for it would greatly simplify the
mode of keeping accounts.
I will not detain the committee to go into the
consideration of the rates of postage. So long as
the - mails are overloaded with non-paying mattes,
the postage on other matter must be higher than
