1851.
THE C0MJRESSIONAL GLOBE.
171
it should; but, air, require postage to be prepaid
on everything carried in the mails, and you may re-
duce the rates ofpoatage lower than the honorable
chairman of the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads proposes, and yet raise revenue enough
to pay all the expenses of the Department, and t0
greatly increase mail facilities throughout the
Union.
The greatest obstacles which the friends of
" cheap postage " have to encounter arise from the
efforts made to give a few privileges not enjoyed
by all. We cannot hope to get cheap postage until
we are willing to accept fair postage. I frankly
confess that I do not expect Congress at this time
to come up to the principles which I have advoca-
ted; but I believe they will ultimately prevail, and
that we cannot have the cheapest postage, consist-
ent with the successful operation of the Depart-
ment, until they do.
Without committing myself for or against any
plan proposed, 1 shall vote for such proposition as
shall come nearest the principles I have laid down,
and in the end take the best  iU we can get, if that
shall be an improvement on the present law.
Mr PHELPS obtained the floor, and yielded
it to
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, who said: It is not
my intention at the present to take up the time of
the committee with a longspeech, having discussed
it thoroughly in its various details before my con-
stituents two years ago, and I am satisfied that
they are well aware of and acquainted with my
position in this House ia relation to it. I shall
not, therefore, attempt, Mr. Chairman, to discuss
the general subject now. I propose, however, to
introduce, during the progress of this bill, an
amendment to it. For if the rapid—the extraor-
dinary reduction of postage shall take place, as
proposed by gentlemen, I shall conceive it neces-
sary to introduce ray amendment, to come in at
the end of the bill as a separate section. The ob-
ject I contemplate to promote by this amendment
is the protection of the western States. As I have
said, I shall not now attempt any discussion of
the general bill, but without ttisguiae I am desirous
of giving notice that I shall propose an amendment,
to protect the sparsely settled sections of the
country from those reductions of the mail facili-
ties that I fed satisfied must follow any great re-
duction of the rates of postage, any consider-
able modification of the present system. I do feel,
however, called upon to express the sense andisen-
timents of my constituents on this subject, and to
endeavor to protect their interests. If the contem-
plated reduction is carried into effect, as has been
the experience in analogous reductions, the mail
facilities of certain districts of the country that are
less densely populated than some, would be re-
duced. But, sir, I do not think that these reduc-
tions of mail facilities can be justified on the
ground urged by some gentlemen, that the revenues
pf the Department for*he district do not meet the ,
expenditure. Sir, for the last three years the peo-
ple of my district have been asking for an exten-
sion of their mail facilities. Within a period not
very far removed, wj had but ninety miles of
staging in the whole of my district, and yet, within
a very short period, the Postmaster General has
cut down that amount to forty-nine miles, leaving
only about forty miles of staging in the whole dis-
trict. I much fear, sir, that if the proposed re-
duction be effected, these mail facilities will be
entirely cut off. I therefore call upon honorable
members to prevent such a result, W supporting
the amendment I shall propose, which, I think,
will be found to accomplish the result desired.
The Cler* then read the section as follows:
Provided, further, That the second section of " An act
to establish certain po«t roads and to discontinue others
opened 3d March, 1825," be, and the game is hereby re-
pealed.
[The following is the section proposed to be re-
- pealed:
"Sec. 2. And be it enacted, That ali the post routes,
Within die term of three consecutive years, which ftitl to
yield one fourth of the expenses incident to its establish-
ment, shall be discontinued by the Postmaster General, up-
less in cases where it may be necessary as a connection in
continuance of a route or routes; Providei, aha, Thsrt this
section, shall not be so construed as to deprive 0)0 seat of
justice in each county of cpfe mail going to and from said
town."J
That is the section I desire to have appended
to the bill, and I am satisfied to leave it discretion-
ary with the Postmaster General.
Mr. PHELPS resumed the floor; but said that
as he understood the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Sackett] proposed a modification of his
amendment, he would yield the floor to him.
Mr. SACKETT, then gave notice of the follow-
ing amendments as a modification of the amend-
ment heretofore offered by him, viz:
Sec. 1, line 1, after the word "ounce" in :}ies
"Upon each letter not weighing over one half ounee, ear
ried not more than five hundred miles, two cents; upon
each such letter carried more than five hundred and not
more than one thousand miles, three cents; upon each such
letter carried over one thousand and not over two thousand
miles, five cents; and upon each such letter carried over
two thousand miles, ten cents; upon every letter of greater
weight than one half ounce, there shall be charged for every
additional half ounce or fraction thereof the same amount
as for the first half ounce."
Strike out after the word "mails," in the third
line of second section, to the word "and" in the
tenth line, and insert:
" To any place oat of the State where published, if more
than two hundred miles, one cent postage. And for every
such newspaper transmitted through the mails within the
State where published, or within two handred miles, If out
of the State, one half cent postage for eaeh paper. And
for every newspaper transmitted through the mails within
thirty miles of this place of publication, or within the same
county, there shall be charged for papers published once a
week at the rate of ten cents a year; for papers published
twiee a week at the rate of fifteen cents a year; for papers
published three times a week at the rate of twenty cents a
year; and for daily papers at the rate of thirty cents a year,
payable in all cases for six months in advance."
Mr. PHELPS resumed the floor, but yielded
it to 
Mr. POTTER, on whose motion the committee
rose;
And the Speaker having resumed the chair,
the chairman of the committee reported that the
committee had had the cheap postage bill under
consideration, but had come to no conclusion
thereon.
SCHOOL LANDS'.
Mr. SI^LElfj by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill, of which previous notice had. been
given, to authorize the Legislative Assemblies of
the Territories of Oregon and Minnesota to take
charge of the school lands in said Territories, and
for other purposes; which was read a first and
second time by its title and referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
Mr, COBB, of Alabama, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill, of which previous notice
had been given, for the relief of Samuel K. Ray-
bourn; which was read a fitst and second time by
its- title and referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
' CLOSE OF DEBATEi
Mr. POTTER moved the usual resolution to
close debate on the cheap postage bill on Monday
next, in two hours after the House shall have re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the tTnion on said bill.
The question was taken, and the resolution was
adopted.
excused from servkje.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, asked to be ex-
cused from further service on the Committee of
Ways and Means, in consequence of having to
perform duty on the other committees.
The question was put, and he was excused.
On motion by Mr. RICHARDSON,
The House adjourned till Monday next.
PETITIONS, fce.
The following petitions, memorials, fce., were presented
under the rule, and referred to appropriate committees:
By Mr. HAMILTON: The memorial of William Price
and other citieens of Cumberland, Maryland, asking the
establishment of a line of mail steamships to ran from
the ports of Baltimore and Norfolk to some port in Eng-
land in communication by railroad with the city of Lon-
don.
By Mr. HOWE: The petition of Joseph Jnggar, and 44
others, citizens of Mercer county, Pennsylvania, praying
Congress forthwithto repeal the nigitive slave law.
fty Mr. MILI.SON: The petition Of Win. B. Thomas,
asking compensation on account of the services of his
father, Jamos Thomas, a pilot, in saving from capture the
frigate Constellation, during the war of 1813.
Also, the petition of Mrs. Elizabeth Park, asking com-
pensation for the use by the Government of her land near
the navy yard at Gosport.
Also, the petition of Solomon Cherry, asking a pension.
By Mr. BTXEL: The petition of Horace Chase and oth-
"ers. for a hgjit-house at the moath of the Mnnistte river,
Michigan.
Also, the petiUoh of Anthony Castle for « pension.
Also, the petition of C. Roo«evelt and other*, far thi
passage of a IdW granting compensation fbr toasting mili-
tary bounty land warrants.
Also, the petition of Louis Lovefl and others, for a lik«
purpose.
Also, the petition of present and late officers of land of-
fice at Vandalia, Illinois, Ibr a like purpose.
By Mr. DOTY : The petition of W. C. Ward, L. H. Cot-
trill, and others, praying for privilege of preempting lands
on Wolf river, on which they have erected saw mills, He.
Also, the petition of Peter V. Sung, Cyrus E. Stow, and
others, for same purpose.
Also, the petition of N. P. Tallmadge, E. W. Drury, and
others, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of J. L. Haywood, C. A. MiKard, and
others, for the same purpose-
Also, the petition of Christian Kaab, praying relief from a
, decision of the Commissioner of Pensions declaring a war-
rant located by said Raab to be fraudulently obtained.
Also, an affidavit in the case of Mary Ann Williams.
Also, petitions of Alexander Spaulding and Edgar Conk-
lin, and of P. Potter, Charles H. Williams, George N.
Walker, and J. Albert Helfenstein, praying for additional
compensation to receivers and registers of land offices, for
I entries of military land warrants.
] Also, the petition of Alanson Sweet, S. O. Bettnet, and
: others, for light houses at Bailey's harbor and at KeWau-
nee, in Wisconsin.
I By Mr. BOOTH: The petition of WUIlam W. Board-
man and others, of New Hliven, in the State of Cenhet'ttciit,
praying ibr protection against the infringement 'of patent
rights by using their inventions in Canada, and bringing
their products for sale in the markets of the United States.
By Mr. ROCKWELL : The petition of Rev. Bancroft
Fowler and sixty-three other citizens of Stockbridge, Mas-
sachusetts, in favor of arbitration or a congress ot nations,
for the peaceable settlement of difficulties hetWeeu nations.
By Mr. II0V\'E: Two petitions from one hundred and
sixteen citizens of Pennsylvania, praying Congress'to pro-
hibit the transportation of the mails on Sundays, and to
; prohibit postmasters from giving out mail matter upon that
i day.
By Mr, CABLE, of Ohio, (on Mondsty 1 0: Two sev-
eral petitions from young men of Salem, Ohio, askingthe
repeal of the fdgitive law.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, Jamutry 6,1851.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. The Jour-
nal of Saturday was read and approved.
LIEUTENANT GENERAL.
Mr. HOLMES asked the unanimous eonsStit of
the House to introduce a resolution, and said,
should there be any objection; which he Aid not
anticipate, he would move 4 suspension of the
rules.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, inquired of th 
Chair whet/her this was not resolution day ?
TTie SPEAKER Said it was, and that the regu-
lar order of business wag the call of th« State# for
resolutions.
The resolution wfcs read for information, as fol-
lows:
Retolvei, "That it te referred to the Committee oh Mil-
iary Aflkire to report a hill conlfetrl™ the rank of LMtr
tenant General upon Major General Winfield Scott, for hi*
gallant services in the late wat with Mexico.
Mr. JONES objected to the introductionof th«
resolution. ■
Mr. HOLMES then moved a suspension of the
rules, to enable him to introduce the resolution, apg
inquired if it would be in order for hiijf to offer any
remarks
The SPEAKER. No remarks are in order
pending a resolution to suspend the rules.
Mr. HOLMES demanded the yeas and nays on
the question of the suspension of the rules; which
were ordered.
Mr. STANLY asked that the resolution might
be again reported; which having been done—>•
The question was taken on the motion, to sus-
pend, and the result was—yeas 79, nays 78—a«
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Bayly, Bennett, Briggs,
Brooks, Butler. Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvib. Campbell,
Chandler, Clarke, Clingnian, Cole, Conger, Corwin, Crow-
ell, Deberry, Dixon, Duncan, Eliot, Nathan Evans, Fowler,
Freedley, Gentry, Gilbert, Goodenow, Gorman, Gott,
G. King, John A- King, Levin, Matteson, McKissock,
Daniel F. Miller, Moore, Mqrehead, Morton, Nelson, New-
ell, Otis, Outlaw, Phtenlx, Reed, Risley, Rockwell, Rose,
ROssy Rumsey, Sackett, Schenck,'Schoolcraft, Seddon, Sil-
vester, Spanhdmg, Spragtie, Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton,
Thaddeus Stevens, Taylor, Thurman, Tuck, Van Dyke,
Vinton, and Wriglit—79.
YEAS—Messrs. Andrews, Ashe, Averett, Beale, Booth*,
Bowlin, Boyd, Albert G. Brown, William J. Brown, Buel,
Birrt, B. C. Cabell, Joseph Cable, George A. Caldwell,
Cartter, Cleveland, W. R. W. Cobb, Banner, Dimmit: k,,
Disney, Durkee, Ewing, Feathers!fill, Fitch, Fuller, Gid-
diirgs, Green, Ball, Hamilton, H.Irian, Jsham G. Harris,
Hibbard, HdlMA?, Mge, Andrew JoBOsdtf, Jones, Julian,
