IT4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 6,
•low business, but the committee, after much ex-
amination and inquiry, unanimously concluded,
that the best that coufd be done towards facilita-
ting the business before them, was to give the Third
Auditor the Amount of force he stated to be neces-
sary to employ upon them, and leave them as here-
tofore in his charge. The subject of copying or
priming them, or both, was taken under advise-
ment, and abandoned, on the ground that to do
either would involve a vast expenditure, and in
itself great delay. To either copy or print would
be the multiplication of rolls and names to an ex-
tent scarcely credible by one who haa not made a
personal examination of them, a great majority of
which would be worthless when so copied or
printed; yet occasionally they are referred to for
a solitary name..
In cases of the militia and volunteers of the war
of 1812, the names of the officers are alphabeti-
cally arranged and recorded by State* in a single
book. To find the name of a soldier, the first ref-
erence is U> this book for his captain. Finding
this, it is then shown by the same book who paid
the company; a reference is then made to the pay-
master's rolls of that company. These rolls are
tied up in separate bundles, which in each case
have to be taken from the pigeon hole, untied, and
examined. Nor is it sufficient to examine but a
single roll for a single name; but the pay-roll for
each two months must be separately looked to, in
prder to find how long the soldier was in service.
It is a tedious business; still the committee think
an expert clerk ought to examine many more than
the number (ten or twenty) which the Auditor
States is commonly the average daily. The copy-
ing, it is thus seen, of a single roll of a company,
would be of no value unless the rolls for every pay-
ment were copied, which would be an almost in-
terminable business. The committee also had it in
contemplation, or under consideration, to remove
these rolls, as recommended by experienced mot,
to the Pension Office, so as to let the references
and comparisons be made there. From the repre-
sentations, however, of the Third Auditor, and the
testimony taken on this point, they unanimously
decided against the removal. If Mr. Rind, and
such clerks as are familiar with them, were trans-
ferred to the Pension Bureau, with the rolls, the
examination as to this particular business would
be, perhaps, facilitated, but the public interests in
other respects would in some degree suffer.
It is in testimony before the committee, that in-
dependent of reference to these roils, consequent
upon this bounty land law, which can only be re-
garded as temporary, the references in the Third
Auditor's office in the discharge of duties pertain-
ing to it alone are as fifty to one from other Bu-
reaus. In other words, that other Departments
have occasion to examine these rolls, in the trans-
action of their current business, but seldom. It
is, therefore, in the opinion of the committee, ob-
viously improper to remove them from its control
and custody.
With all the embarrassments and necessary de-
lays that must occur in the comparison of these
rolls, the committee unanimously believe that if the
Pension Office will pursue the course indicated, off
. deciding upon cases that are ready for action in
that office which need no reference to the Third
Auditor, and, if necessary, continue to take up
such cases, if it is found that officer i* likely to be
overtaken, that no delay need occur on his account.
He thinks, with the force he asks, that he can ex-
amine six thousand cases per month. He pro-
poses twenty clerks—four at per day, and the
remainder at the usual per diem compensation of
A3 33, except as to Mr. Rind, who superintends,
for whom he asks a salary of $1,700. Mr. Rind
is represented as a very faithful, industrious, and
competent man: the committee concur in the rec-
ommendation of the Secretary of the Treasury,
Bad the Third Auditor, in raising his salary, but
not to the sum they name, but to the sum named
id the bill—$1,600 instead of $1,700.
romi, INSTRUCTIONS, iSD REGULATIONS.
One branch of inquiry devolved upon the com-
mittee under the resolution is, " whether the ex-
isting regulations adopted by the Commissioner
of Pensions are in pursuance of the spirit of the
law." This the committee regarded as a very
imoortant part of their duties. The law itself
only designates what class of persons are entitled
to its benefits, leaving it wholly discretionary with
the executive department administering it, to
adopt such forms and rules of evidence as may '
be tnought best to determine who those persons
are. It would be very difficult to define by law
such rules, nor could any be defined of universal
application without operating unjustly in some
particular cases. Many cases arise surrounded
by circumstances peculiar to themselves, to which
no general rule could be applicable; hence this act,
as aU those of a kindred character before it,
leaves these regulations to the proper executive of-
ficers. The discharge of these duties in a liberal
and just spirit is of great importance to beneficia-
ries. Too much caution ana exactness in the re-
quirement of proof may defeat the objects intended
by Congress Dy the passage of the law.
The committee have examined with some care
the rules and regulations which the Secretary has
caused to be adopted and published, to guide
claimants in preparing applications under this law;
and though he seems really disposed to moke them
liberal, still, they think he has unintentionally
fallen into some errors, as well of omission as
commission. In the first place, he has wholly
omitted to cause any publication to be made of
what rolls were on file in the proper Bureaus here,
so as to apprise those whose services could not be
so verifiea, that evidence other than a declaration,
conforming to his forms which he did publish,
would be necessary. The existence or non-exiat-
ence of rolls has been, and still is, a subject of
much inquiry and interest throughout the country.
For a time the public were led to believe, by a let-
ter in the newspapers bearing the Secretary's name,
(whether authorized or written by him, the com-
mittee have not inquired,) that the rolls would all
actually be copied and sent to each clerk's office in
the several counties of all the States. This, how-
ever, by a subsequent publication of the Third
Auditor, was contradicted. Soon after, the pam-
phlet, containing general forms and instructions,
was sent to all tne clerks, and to others, but this
pamphlet contained no information whatever as
to wnai rolls, if any, were lost or destroyed; and
what evidence, if any, other than the declaration
under oath of the surviving soldier, would be re-
quired if they were lost. This was a most unfor-
tunate omission, for the natural inference from the
perusal of these forms and instructions was, that
they were full; that they demanded all which would
' he required of claimants to make out their cases,
else they were worse than useless, and only served 1
to mislead, instead of instruct.
instead of this being the case, however, the
committee find that a subsequent circular has been
issued, giving decisions and instructions upon
several very important points, but not circu-
lated coextensive with the first form and instruc-
tions, which in one very important particular dif-
, fers from them. It differs in this, that while the
first requires no proof of service beyond the decla-
ration, the second does as to all that class of
cases arising out of Indian wars prior to the war
of 1812: they are required to prove their services
by "credible witnesses." Following, and pre-
cisely conforming to the " instructions" first sent
out, many cases falling within the class alluded to,
have been sent to the Pension Office. The omis-
sion to require this additional proof in the first
publication involves their rejection or suspension
until it can be supplied, thus putting the most de-
pendent and helpless class of the surviving soldiers
to much unnecessary trouble and expense, and
subjecting them to a vexatious delay in getting
.their warrants. Nor do the committee concur iit
the propriety of this requirement upon these old
soldiers, even if demanded in the first instance. It
requires too much. Those old pioneers who fought
under Harmar, St. Clair, and Wayne, are few in
number and scattered far apart; here and there a
solitary man bending beneath the weight of years,
who has survived all his comrades and co tempora-
ries. They cannot in many instances find a sur-
viving fellow-soldier. In such cases, age ought
not be treated as a misfortune, and they should
be permitted to make out their cases without such
positive testimony. The committee addressed a
letter to the Secretary, suggesting a modification .
of his regulations as to this class, by allowing
them to make out their cases by proving their
credibility, their age, and the tradition ana belief
among tHeir neighbors as to their having performed
the services stated. This testimony to be taken in
open court or before a justice of the peace.
i The Secretary declines ts adopt such regula-
tions without express authority from Congress,
and the committee propose to give it to him.
Frauds in a few instances may be practiced upon
the Government, under a rule as liberal as the one
proposed, but they cannot be numerous; and the
committee think it better that such hazurd should
be incurred, and that a few tracts of land should be
granted to persons not entitled to them, than a
single meritorious man should be denied his just
reward. This is not a pension law proposing to
pay money out of the Treasury semi-annually for
any indefinate period, and to which the rules of
the Secretary assimilate; it may be, i; d ought to
be, administered with far less caution. It simply
proposes to .allow the location of wild, and to Gov-
ernment, unavailable lands, which we seriously
propose to give to any, and everybody, whether
they ever performed military service or not.
In reference to the widows of deceased soldiers,
the Secretary is rather rigid, and as the commit-
tee believe, unnecessarily cautious. His instruc-
tions and form in their cases are very prolix and
complicated, and in very many instances, if not
absolutely impossible to comply with, at least in-
volve great trouble and expense. The proof re-
quired of a widow to which the committee object
is in reference to the legality of her marriage. It
is required of her to show when, where, and by
whom she was married; and not even content with
this, what her name was before she was married.
She must produce evidence of this from public
record, if in existence, or in default of this, the
certificate of the person who solemnized the mar-
riage, and that again must be authenticated; and
she must also produce the family record, or a cer-
tified copy, and only as a last resort is permitted
to prove her marriage and heirship by her neigh-
bors. It occurs to the committee that much of this
is not only quite unnecessary, but unjust to these,
unfortunate claimants.
The public records of the marriage of all those
living in States and Territories settled since 1812,
are in the old Stales where they migrated. They .
should not he required to send all over the Union
to hunt them up. The fact of lawful widow-
hood and heirship in such eases, can be easily
and satisfactorily proven much easier and in a
great many ways. In a majority of cases it may
be shqwn by the certificate of the clerk of the
court in the county where the party lives, not as
to marriage, but by the fact thit the husband's
estate was settled in such court, and the person
claiming was treated as his widow; and in almost
every case the peraonal knowledge of the clerk,
independent of this,might enable nim to certify it
where he certifies the official character of the jus-
tice before whom the declaration was sworn to.
And in all cases, it is the opinion of the commit-
tee that it ought to be sufficient to prove before a
magistrate by two credible persons, certified to be
such by such magistrate, that they knew the hus-
band in his lifetime, and that he and the claimant
were received in society as husband and wife, and
lived together as such. And the committee, fail-
ing to obtain the acquiencesce of the Department
to such regulation, also report a provision author-
izing and requiring such evidence to be taken as
satisfactory.
THE TRANSFER OF THE WARRANTS. -
Without discussing the correctness or propriety
of the Secretary's decision on this subject, a ma-
jority of the committee have decided in favor of
providing by law for the transfer and assignment
of warrants issued under the act of 28th Septem-
ber last, and report a bill accordingly.
It is argued with much force, that without such
provision great injustice would be done that class
of beneficiaries who live in the older States, and
wlto do not desire to locate their warrants them-
selves—that in fact without such privilege the
bounty would be comparatively worthless, as it
could only be made available after much trouble
and expense to seek out a proper location, and the
lapse of many years before they could sell it, and
that this prohibition will operate with peculiar
hardship on the widows and older and poorer survi-
ving soldiers to whom the avails of the bounty are
an object. One reason urged against the power
to transfer is to protect the beneficiary from the
speculator—that in many instances the warrant
would be sacrificed for a small consideration;
whereas if compelled to locate, it would be of more
value. The committee attached but little force to
this argument. The bounty land law of (he 11th
