176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 6.
Mr. BAYLY. I hope the House will vote it
down.
Air. ROBINSON. The question that the gen-
tleman from Ohio [ Mr. Mill**] has raised, seems
to be a question of veracity between that gentleman
and myself.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
is out of order in addressing the House unless the
motion for the previous question is withdrawn.
Mr. MILLER having withdrawn that motion—
Mr. ROBINSON continued. I stated that the
report that I read had received the unanimous sup-
port and concurrence of the members composing
the committee, and in making that statement,!
did so under the impression that such was really
the case. I understood the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Miller] as agreeing in it, and that he would
support it before ths House. If lie stated other-
wise, I undoubtedly misunderstood him.
Mr. MILLER, (interposing.) The gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Robinson] must have misun-
derstood me, as I stated that I did not concur in
the bill and report, and that in the House I could
not support it.
Mr. ROBINSON, (in continuation.) As I have
■aid before, I think it important that die passage
of this bill should not be aelayed. In reference to
what the gentleman from Ohio has stated respect-
ing the testimony adduced before the committee,
the inference that that gentleman has drawn from
that testimony, that twenty clerks only could be
profitably employed, I do not think correct. The
committee took testimony of one clerk, and then
of another, and so on as to the amount of work
that each could perform in the office, and came to
a different conclusion. The gentleman from Ohio
•eems to have put these things together, and drawn
an inference that I do not think can be sustained.
I certainly did not come to such a conclusion as
he has done from the premises adduced.
Mr. HAMPTON, of Pennsylvania. I wish to
propound a question to the Chair. If the previous
question is voted down, will it then be in order to
move to refer the bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and to make it
a special order for an early day?
The SPEAKER. If the previous question is
voted down, it will be in order to move to refer
the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. A motion to make it a special or-
der cannot be entertained except by a suspension
of the rules, or by the unanimous consent of the
House.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. If the House |
vote down the previous question, will it then be
in order to move to postpone the consideration of
this bill to a day certain ?
The SPEAKER. That motion will be in order.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I desire to say to the chair-
man of the select committee, [Mr. Robinson,]
that 1 think it would be right and proper for him
.to withdraw the demand for the previous ques-
tion, and to move that the consideration of the bill
be postponed to a day certain, and that the bill and
report be printed.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not now in order.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have no desire to debate,
but I hope the gentleman from Indiana will with-
draw the demand for the previous question.
Mr. JOHNSON. Postpone the bill till Thurs-
day next.
Mr. ROBINSON. I just wish to say a few
words, and then I will leave the matter in the pos-
session of the House.
The SPEAKER. Remarks can only be made
by unanimous consent.
[Loud cries of "object!"]
Mr. ROBINSON. Let me remark 
[Loud cries of " Object!" and " Order!"
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
ha£ been recognized by the Chair, but he is not at
liberty to proceed with his remarkspending the
demand for the previous question. The Chair de-
sires to let the gentleman from' Indiana know his
full rights. If he withdraws the demand for the
previous question—having already occupied the
floor—and any other gentleman claims tne floor,
he will be compelled to yield it.
Mr. ROBINSON. I do not withdraw the de-
mand for the previous question; but I raise the
point of order whether the rules do not allow me
to make a speech now, if I choose ?
The SPEAKER. Not until the previous ques-
tion has been seconded and the main question or-
dered. The gentleman will then be entitled to
make his concluding remarks.
Mr. ROBINSON. Well, sir, I will not with-
draw the demand for the previous question, but I
just wish to say to the friends of this bill 
[Loud cries of " Order!" " Order !"]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
is out of order.
The question was then taken on seconding the
demand for the previous question, and it was not
seconded.
Mr. ROBINSON demanded tellers; but they
were not ordered. ,
Mr. BAYLY obtained the floor; but yielded to ,
Mr. McCLERNAND, who offered thefollowing i [
amendment as an additional section to the bill:
jfatd he it further enacted, That registers and receivers
of tiie several land offices ot the United States shall be en-
titled to demand and receive for their services in locating
military bounty land warrants from each person applying
to locate the same a fee at the rate of twenty-five cents for ,
each forty acres so located: Provided, That the fee hereby
al%wed shall be in lieu and in discharge of any similar fee
already allowed by law: Provided, further, That the sal-
ary and perquisites shall in nocase exceed the sum of three ;
thousand dollars per annum each. i
The SPEAKER. This amendment can only
be offered by unanimous consent.
Mr. CONGER. I object.
Mr. MARSHALL. I ask the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Bayly] to yield me the floor, in order
that I may offer an amendment which I have pre-
pared, and which I think he will be disposed to
view in the same light as I do.
The following is the proposed amendment:
Be it enacted, That the Secretary of the Interior cause to
be published, in some public newspaper, in each of the 1
States, the roll of the military companies belonging to such
States respectively, which may be on file in the Depart-
ments of this Government, and the members whereof may i
be entitled to the benefit of the act of September 28,1850.
Mf: BAYLY. The amendment cannot be of-
fered without unanimous consent, and my friend
from Kentucky must be aware that that consent
will not be given. With every disposition to ac-
commodate him, I cannot therefore yield the floor
for that purpose.
Mr. MARSHALL. I think there can be no
objection to my amendment.
Mr, BAYLY. I was very anxious half an hour
*^Mr. GOODENOW. Will the gentleman from
Virginia do me the favor to yield me the floor for {|
a moment? M
Mr. BAYLY yielded the floor.
Mr. GOODENOW. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce a. bill, of which
previous notice has been given. [Great laughter.]
Mr. BAYLY, 1 object, (laughter.) I was about
to remark, Mr. Speaker, that 1 was very anxious
to obtain the floor half an hour ago, for I feared at
that time that there might be a disposition to push
this bill through, without due consideration; but
as there is obviously a disposition now to give the
bill more consideration than the chairman of the
special committee seemed willing to allow, I shall
detain you but a very few minutes.
I consider this bill in some of its provisions a
very dangerous one, and particularly the third
section, which establishes rules of evidence which
I undertake to say, never prevailed in any tribu-
nal on the face of the earth. The bill is not such
a one as the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Robin-
; son] has described it. He tells us that it does no
: more than to legalize the emyloyment of the cleri-
I cal force in the Department of the Interior. But, '
j sir, it does a great deal more. It establishes rules '
i of evidence to be observed in the adjudication of ,
j these claims; rules of evidence which are new to ■ '
j me, and such as I venture to say will be new to
' every other gentleman, when he comes to read the
| third section of the bill. Besides the objections,
, which are apparent on the face of this third sec- ,r
j tion, there are difficulties of construction—a very \
j serious objection to me. As the gentleman from J
' Ohio [Mr. Miller] suggests, there are parts of
{ the bill which are absolutely in conflict with other \
portions of it, and there are also parts, the con-
struction of which is very doubtful. I could not
j undertake to say, as a lawyer, what is the proper -
i construction of some of the provisions of tnis
; bill.
Mr. ROBINSON, (interposing..) I merely wish
to tell the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,]
that if the third section is really, as he objects it jj
is, in conflict with any other in the bill—that that,
or any other section in the bill is improperly drawn
up, or that it displays a want of legal skill—that
this bill is actually the work of the Secretary of
the Interior himself, drawn up with his own
hands.
Mr. BAYLY. So far, sir, in my opinion, from
this explanation making the matter any better, it
decidedly makes it worse; because 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] yield me
the floor a few minutes, to enable me to make an
inquiry of the gentleman from Indiana ? [Mr. Rob-
inson!]
Mr. BAYLY having yielded the floor—
Mr. STEVENS said: I wish to inquire of the
gentleman fram Indiana, if the Secretary of the
Interior also drew up the encomium upon himself
contained in the report? [General laughter.]
Mr. ROBINSON. With the permission of the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly] 
Mr. BAYLY. I cannot yield the floor again to
the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I desire the gentleman
to yield me the floor, to make a few remarks.
Mr. BAYLY having consented—
Mr. McCLERNAND said: I wish to move the
amendment which I have sent to the Clerk's desk,
and which was read; and I desire this amendment
to be adopted as a separate and distinct section of
the bill. Having done so, the House being de-
sirous at this time, as I presume, of either re-
ferring this bill to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, or that the bill should be
postponed for consideration to a day certain, I
will move that the bill be postponed for considera-
tion on Thursday next, and tnat it and the report
and amendments be ordered to be printed.
Mr. MEADE. I would ask the gentleman
from Illinois to withdraw his motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Bayly] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BAYLY. I had not, sir, yielded the floor
finally, but to get rid of these constant interrup-
tions, I now do so.
Mr. MEADE. 1 only desire to move that an
amendment be printed along with the report and
bill.
The SPEAKER. The question now pending
is a motion to postpone the consideration of the
bill until Thursday next, and that the bill, report,
and amendments, be printed.
Mr. DUER. Is there any motion pending to
refer the bill to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. There is no motion of that
kind pending.
Mr. DUER. Is it in order now to submit that
motion?
The SPEAKER. The motion to postpone
must be first disposed of.
Mr. DUER. If it be in order now to make a •
motion to refer the bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, I will make that
motion, and move the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from New York, that the effect of the
previous question will be to cut off the motion to
postpone.
Mr. DUER. Very well. I make the motion
to refer the bill to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and I move the previous
question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Meade] had been recognized by the
Chair, and was entitled to the floor at the time
that the gentleman from New York interposed,
and he has not yet yielded it. The Chair will
state that no amendment is now in order.
Mr. MEADE asked, what was the amendment
now pending?
The SPEAKER said that the pending proposi-
tion was to postpone the consideration of the bill
to a day certain.
Mr. McCLERNAND made some remark, which
was inaudible to the Reporter.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that the
amendment is not in order pending the motion to
postpone to a day certain.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Do I understand the
Chair to speak in reference to the amendment
which I have offered, or to that of the gentleman
from Virginia ? [Mr. Meade.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair alludes to the
