THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $1 50 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, JANUARY 10, 1851.
New Series.... No. 12
amendment of the gentleman from Virginia. The
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
McClervand] was entertained. The motion to
postpone absorbs all.othera until it is disposed of.
Mr. MEADE. I wish to offer an amendment
to the bill.
The SPEAKER. Is it an amendment to the
amendment?
Mr. MEADE. No. It is an amendment to
the bill.
The SPEAKER. It must be an amendment to 1
the amendment, or it is not in order.
Mr. MEADE. I will make it so, then.
Mr. JOHNSON. Has the gentleman from ,
New York withdrawn his motion.'
The SPEAKER, The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Meade] was entitled to the floor. The
Chair so decided. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. DuerJ rose at a time when there was
much confusion in the Hall, b it the gentleman ;
from Virginia did not yield the floor. The pend-
ing question now is on the postponement of the \
bill till Thursday next, and on ordering .the bill
and report to be printed.
The motion to postpone was here understood to
be withdrawn.
Mr. MEADE offered the following amendment:
Jlndie it further enacted. That all warrants issued or to
be issued, in pursuance of this or any previous law, as
bounty lor military surrice, shall be assignable in the same !
« manner as are warrants issued in pursuance of the act of
February 11, 1847, entitled "An act to raise for a limited
time ao additional military force, and for other purposes." ,
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the gen-
tleman from Virginia is an amendment to the
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois. It
relates to an entirely separate and distinct sub-
ject, and is, therefore, irrelevant, and cannot be
entertained.
Mr. MEADE. I now renew the motion that
the bill and amendment offered by the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. McClernandJ be postponed ;
till Thursday next, and that they be printed.
The SPEAKER. The motion is now made to
postpone the further consideration of the bill to
Thursday next.
Mr. VINTON. Is it in order to move to
amend that proposition by substituting " Thurs-
day week, the6th instant" for " Thursday next?"
The CHAIR. - It is in order.
Mr. VINTONT- Then I make that motion.
The question was then taken on Mr. Vinton's
amendment.
Mr. CARTTER. Is it now in order 
The SPEAKER, (interposing.) No motion is
in order till the pending question is disposed of,
and the Chair has not yet announced whether the i
amendment is adopted or not. !
The SPEAKER then announced that there
were sixty-nine for the amendment and fifty-four
against it.
Mr. ROBINSON called for the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER, upon a count, decided that
they were not ordered.
Mr. ROBINSON called for tellers on taking the
yeas and nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. VINTON. I wish to say one word before
the vote is taken.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
a motion to postpone to a day certain is not de-
batable.
The question on ordering the yeas and nays on
Mr. Vinton's amendment was then taken by tell-
ers, (Messrs. Robinson and Vinton acting,)
when there were found to be ayes 27,"noes 116.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered; and
Ae amendment was agreed to.
The question then recurred on Mr. McCler-
nawd'* motion as amended, viz: to postpone the
consideration of the bill until Thursday, the 16th
instant, and to order the printing of the bill and
the report; which motion was agreed to.
FUGITIVE SLAVE LAW.
Mr. JULIAN'moved to suspend the rules, to
enable him to present a petition or memorial from
the Yearly Meeting of the Society of Friends in
the State of Indiana, asking for the repeal of the
12
fugitive slave bill passed at the last session of Con-
gress. His object in asking the House to sus-
pend the rules was that the memorial might be
referred to the Judiciary Committee, with instruc-
tions to report in favor of the prayer of the me-
morialists. He asked for the yeas and nays on
the motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana. I should like to
know whether there has been any objection to the
presentation of the memorial ?
The SPEAKER. There has not.
Mr. JULIAN. I make the motion to suspend
the rules in case there is any objection.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana,
then, asks the unanimous consent of the House to
present the memorial referred to. Is there any
objection?
Several Members objected.
Mr. JULIAN. Then I move to suspend the
rules, and ask for the yeas and nays on that mo-
tion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HALL. Is it now in order to have the
memorial read ? I want to know what I am voting
on.
The SPEAKER. The House can order it to
be read.
Mr. INGE. I object to the reading of the me-
morial, un least he House order it.
The SPEAKER put the question, and the
House ordered the reading of the memorial.
The Clerk read the memorial, as follows:
To the Senate and House of Representative* of the United
States of -America in Congress assembled:
By the following memorial, the Yearly Meeting of the
religious Society of Anti-Slavery Friends would respect-
fully present their views on certain subjects, which shouid ,
undoubtedly awaken the interest of every citizen of our {
common country. :
While we have ever believed civil government to be of
Divine ordination, and admitted it to be the duty of chris-
tians to be in subjection to its authority, we have beheld
even iu our own tavored country, blest with better institu-
tions than most other nations, many deplorable instances of
its perversion. •
i Whenever the powers of any Government are so wielded
I as to conflict with the Divine law as laid down m the Bcrip-
I tures—whenever they support any institution subversive of
! justice, it is evident that that government is perverted trom
its true object; and trom such an admimsuation we believe
it our duty to withhold aJl active support. That the system
of chattel slavery, as tolerated and legalized iu the southern
portion of this l/moo, andfaJso in that District over which
you have full jurisdiction, is an institution of injustice, is
too plain a proposition to require argument for iu support.
Willie we couUnue to urge upon you the duty and neces-
sity of abolishing slavery wherever you have the power,
and of doing whatever else you can to weaken that iniqui-
tous system, we feel called apon at the present time, par-
ticularly, to denounce a bill recently passed for the reclama-
tion ot fugitives, the whole of winch seems to be based
on the assumption that the legal slaveholder has a right of
pioperty in the person of the unlortuiiate man whom be
claims as his stave. Were it possible for you to divest
yourselves of the prejudice of education, and come out of
the mists in which the habit of considering slaves aa prop-
erty has enveloped you, and look upou man in bis true
hgiit—as the noblest creature of Infinite Wisdom, an object
of Divine grace, and heir of immortality—the proposition
that he could become property, would certainly appear pre-
posterous in the extreme.
We are aware that it is argued by some that the people
of the free States are bound by a certain compromise in the
Federal Constitution, to refuse assistance to the stranger,
fleeing from Republican oppression to monarchical liberty;
yet, while we must ever contend that there is a binding law
higher than any human enactments, we must view the
above-named bill as a law far more unjust and wicked than
is required even by that unholy compromise.
In paying the salaries of the commissioners provided for
by tins act, we see nothing but a useless, worse than use-
less, and prodigal expenditure of the national treasure.
According to the provisions of this bill, the testimony of
the claimant, or agent, is to be prima facie evidence against
the alleged fugitive, and so be is prevented from giving his
own evidence, which makes every colored person liable u>
be taken, though legally free; and renders the law unfair
and odious in the sight even of those who believe that that
is property which the law makes property.
By another provision, it is made a criminal offence, pun-
ishable by a heavy line, to assist a fugitive peaceably and
laudably striving to regain his lost liberty—his natural and
inherent rights. How plainly is tins contrary to the equi-
table and merciful precepts ot the Gospel!
To feed the hungry, clothe the naked, defend the father-
less, and plead for the widow—in short, to perform deeds
of charity and mercy, is made the duty of the followers of
Christ, and will be taken as evidence of their love of and
faithinhim; but by this law it is made a crime! Thushas
Congress at its last session, in the passage of this bill, set
good for evil, and evil for good—light for darkness, and
darkness for light; and we wo aid extend to you an earnest
and friendly warning, to beware of the woe pronounced
against those who thu? do.
In conclusion, we appeal to you by your love of Right
.and Justice—by your love of the peace of your country,
whicli is endangered by laws so repugnant to the feelings
of the mass of the northern people, and by your hope of hap-
piness hereafter, to immediately repeal this cruel, wicked,
and infamous law, nor longer suffer our national professions
to be so belied, and our national character thus disgraced.
Signed by direction, and on behalf of the meeting afore-
said, held at Newport, Wayne county, Indiana, 10th month,
3rd. 1850. WALTER EDGERTON, Clerk.
Mr. RICHARDSON inquired if it was in order
to move to lay the motion for the reception of the
petition on the table ?
, The SPEAKER stated that the pending ques-
tion was on the motion to suspend the rules to
enable the* gentleman from Indiana to present the
memorial.
Mr. STANLY asked if the gentleman from In-
diana could not, under the rules of the House, pre-
sent the petition and have it referred to such a
committee as he desired?
The SPEAKER replied that the gentleman
from Indiana could, under the rules of the House,
present the memorial and have it referred, but not
with the instructions which he proposed to give.
Mr. STANLY. I understand, then, that he
asks to suspend the rules only in order that he
may give instructions to the committee.
IVlr. KAUFMAN desired to know what the
| instructions were, which the gentleman from In-
^ diana proposed to give to the committee?
| Mr. JULIAN said that his intention in asking
1 to present the memorial was that it should be re-
! ferred to the committee with instructions to report
| in favor of the prayer of the memorialists, that
i the fugitive slave law should be repealed,
i Mr. JONES inquired if it was in order to move
, to lay the motion to suspend the rules on the
table ?
The SPEAKER said that it was not.
Mr. GERRY wished to know whether, if the
petition was received, the instructions must be
entertained as a matter of course, or whether they
could be separated ?
The SPEAKER. The question now is on sus-
pending the rules to enable the gentleman to pre-
sent the memorial. The memorial must be before
the House before the gentleman from Indiana can
present his instructions.
The question on suspending the rules was then
taken by yeas and nays, and resulted—yeas 68,
nays 119—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Bennett, Bingham, Booth,
Joseph Cable, Campbell, Chandler, Clarke, Cleveland,
Cole, Conger, Corwin, Crowell, Dixon, Doty. Duncan,
Durkee, Nathan Evans, Fitch, Fowler, Freedley, Gidditjgs,
Gilbert, Goodenow, Gott, Gould, Grinnell, Halloway, Har-
lan, Hay, Hebard, Henry, Howe, Hunter, W. T. Jackson,
Julian, George G. King, James G. King, John A. King,
Preston King, Horace Mann, Matteson, Meacham, Moore,'
Morris, Nelson, Newell, Otis, Peck, Potter, Reed. Risley,
Rockwell, Root, Rumsey, Sackett, Sawtelle, Schoolcraft,
Silvester, S paulding, Sprague, Thaddeus Stevens, Stetson,
Tuck, Van Dyke, Wentworth, Wilmot, and Wright—68.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Alston, Averett, Bay, Bayly,
Beale, Bocock, Bowlin, Boyd, Breck, Briggs, Brooks,
Albert G. Brown, William J. Brown, Butler, George A.
Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Cartter, Clingman, W. R. W.
Cobb, Danner, Deberry, Dimmick, Disney? Duer, Dunham,
Edmund son, Eliot, Alexander Evans, Ewmg, Featherston,
Fuller, Gentry, Gerry, Gilmore, Gorman, Green, Hall,
Hamilton, Hampton, Isham G. Harris, Thomas L. Harris,
Haymond, Hibbard, Hilliard, Hoaeland, Hoiladay, Hous-
ton, Inge, Joseph W. Jackson, Andrew Johnson, James L.
Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, Kerr, La S&re, Leffier, Levin,
Littlefield, Job Mann, Marshall, Mason, McClernand, Mc-
Donald, McDowell, McGaughey, McKissock, McLanahan,
R. M. McLane, McMullen, McWillie, Meade, J. R. Miller,
Millson, Morehead, Morrison, Morse, Morton, Ogle, Olds,
Orr, Outlaw, Owen, Peaslee, Penn, Phcenix, Powell,
Richardson, Bobbins, Robinson, Rose, Ross, Savage.
Schenck, Shepperd, Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, Richara
H. Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens, Strong, Swetser, Tay-
lor, Thomas, JamesThompson, John B. Thompson, Thur-
man, Toombs, Underhill, Venable, Vinton, Walden, WaJ-
do, Wallace, Watkins, Wellborn, White, Whittlesey,
Williams, and Young—119.
Pending the vote,
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana, said that inasmuch
as his colleague could introduce his petition under
the rules of the House, and have it referred to the
appropriate committee, he should vote in the neg-
ative. The right of petition under the present
rules was unrestrained.
