178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 6,
Mr. BUEL, who was without the bar of the
House'when the vote was taken, asked the unan-
imous consent to permit his vote to be recorded in
the negative.
Objection was made, and permission not grant-
ed. #
Mr. PARKER said he had been unexpectedly
called out when the vote was taken, and asked the
unanimous consent of the House to have his vote
recorded.
Objection was made; when
Mr. P. inquired whether it would be in order to
move a suspension of the rules for the purpose?
The response of the SPEAKER was understood
to be in the negative.
Mr. CALVIN also asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to have his vote recorded, but
objection was made.
So the rules were not suspended, and the me-
morial was not received.
Mr. SCHENCK inquired of the Chair whether
it was not entirely in the power of the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Julian] to present this memo-
rial at any time under rules, without a suspension
of the rules ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana can present his petition at any time under the
rules.
Mr. SCHENCK. And if he endorses on it a
reference to the Committee on the Judiciary, or
any other appropriate standing committee, can he
not have such a reference without a vote of the
House?
The SPEAKER. Certainly. The gentleman
can have the petition or memorial so referred, if he
desires it.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I hope the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Julian] will present the memo-
rial in the ordinary way, and nave it referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary. It ought to be
received and referred; and I will take the liberty
of advising him to dispose of it in that way.
BOARD OF ACCOUNT3.
Mr. STRONG. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a resolution, which I
now send to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk having read the resolution, as fol-
lows:
Retohed, That the Senate bin No. 71, entitled " An act
to establish a Board of Accounts," be made a special order
for the 22d day of January, 1831, and continue such from
day to day until disposed of.
Mr. JONES objected.
Mr. STRONG moved a suspension of the'rules
to enable him to present his resolution, and de-
manded the yeas and nays on the question; which
were ordered.
Mr. MEADE wished to make some remarks in
regard to the bill.
The SPEAKER ruled that they were not in
order, as the bill was not yet before the House.
The question was then taken on the motion to
suspend the rules; and decided in the affirmative—
yeas 136 nays 43—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Alston, Andrews Bayly, Ben-
nett, Bingham, Bocock, Booth, Boyd, Breck, Briggs,
Brooks, Albert G. Brown, William J. Brown, Buel, Bill-
iard, Burt, Butler, E. C. Cabell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Cal-
vin, Campbell, Chandler, Cleveland, Clingman, Cole,
Conger, Corwin, Crowell, Danner, Deberry, Dimmick, Dis-
ney, Dixon, Doty, Duer, Duncan, Dunham, Eliot, Alexan-
der Evans, Nathan Evans, Fitch, Fowler, Freedley, Ful-
ler, Gentry, Goodenow, Gott, Gould, Grinnell, Halloway,
Hampton, Hay, Haymond, Henry, Hibbard, Hilliard, Hoag-
land, Holladay, Houston, Howe, Hunter, Joseph W. Jack-
son, William T. Jackson, Julian, Kerr, George G. King,
James G. King, John A. King, La Sire, Horace Mann,
Marshall, Matteson,McClernand, McDowell, McGaughey,
McKissock, McLanahan, RobertM. McLane, Finis E. Mc-
Lean, McMullen, McQueen, McWillie, Meachanr, Meade,
Millson, Moore, Morehead, Morrison, Morse, Morton, Nel-
son, Newell, Ogle, Orr, Outlaw, Parker, Peaslee, Peck,
Penn, Phoenix, Powell, Reed, Risley, Robbins, Rockwell,
Rose, Rumsey, Sawtelle, Schenck, Seddon, Silvester,
Spaulding, Sprague, Stanly, F. P. Stanton, R. H. Stanton,
Thaddeus Stevens, Stetson, Strong, Taylor, J. B. Thomp-
son, Thunnan, Tuck, Underbill, Van Dyke. Vinton, Wal-
den, Waldo, Watkins, White, Whittlesey, Williams, Wii-
mot, Wright, and Voung—138.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Averett, Beale, George A.
Caldwell, Cartter, Clarke, W. R. W. Cobb, Ewing, Feath-
erston, Gilbert, Gorman, Green, Hamilton, Harlan, I. G.
Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Hebard, A. Johnson. Jones,
Kaufman, Preston King, Leffler, Littlefield, Job Mann,
McDonald, John K. Miller, Morris, Olds, Otis, Potter, Rich-
ardson, Robinson, Root, Ross, Sackett, Savage, Shepperd,
Sweetser, Thomas, James Thompson, Toombs, Wellborn,
and Wentworth—43.
The SPEAKER. The question is now upon
agreeing to the resolution of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Strong,]
Mr. MEADE. I wish to make a motion that
the bill be referred to the Judiciary Committee.
The SPEAKER stated that the bill was not now
before the House.
Mr. MEADE. Then, sir, I will offer an amend-
ment to the resolution, so as to embrace my object,
that the bill be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not now in
order; this is simply a resolution to make a special
order, and the bill is not before the House. The
resolution cannot be so amended.
Mr. STRONG called for the previous question,
which was seconded and the main question or-
dered; which main question was on agreeing to
the resolution of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Strong.]
On a division the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY obtained the floor. '
Mr. STRONG. I rise, sir, to a privileged ques-
tion. I move to reconsider the vote by which the
resolution was agreed to, and to lay that motion
on the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
DEFICIENCY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. BAYLY, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee of Ways and Means, reported a bill to
supply deficiencies in appropriations for the year
ending the 30th June, 1851; which was read a first
and second time by its title.
Mr. B. moved its reference to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union; and that it
be printed.
I This motion having been agreed to,
Mr. B. then moved that the bill be made the
special order of the day for to-morrow, and from
day to day until disposed of.
Mr. WENTWORTH inquired whether that
motion took precedence of the post office bill ?
The SPEAKER stated that it would not inter-
fere with any special order, made for a day pre-
vious to to-morrow.
The motion was then agreed to.
Mr. WHITE inquired if the morning hour was
yet expired ?
The SPEAKER. There is no morning hour
this day. [Laughter.]
REFUNDING OF DUTIES.
Mr. PHCENIX. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the resolution I now send to
the Clerk's desk.
The resolution was then read, as follows:
Reiohei, That House bill No. 63, to return the doty on
merchandise in the original packages, destroyed by fire in
thecity of New York, in July, 1845, be made a special or-
der for Tuesday the 28th January, instant.
Objection having been made—
Mr. PHCENIX moved a suspension of the rules.
Mr. JONES. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Which motion was, on a division, agreed to, and
the House adjourned until to-morrow.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions were presented under the rule,
and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee: The memorial of the
President and Directors of the Virginia and East Tennes-
see Railroad Company, praying Congress to make a grant
of public land and such other assistance as may be deemed
right and proper, to aid in the construction of such a rail-
road from the Virginia line to Knoxville, Tennessee.
By Mr. HENRY: The petition of G. W. Bamard and 48
other citizens of Chittenden, Rutland county, Vermont, for
the repeal of the fugitive slave law.
By Mr. BUTLER: The petition of William H. Moore
| and others, citizens of Torringford and New Hartford, in
I the county of Litchfield, Connecticut, praying measures for
; the establishment of a tribunal to settle national disputes,
j By Mr. BRIGGS: The petition of Edward Newlin and
| 416 others, citizens of New York, praying Congress to re-
: duce the rate of postage to two cents. '
By Mr. FOWLER: The petition of William H. Beeman
and 30 others, citizens of Massachusetts, praying Congress
to take such action as may be judged best, in favor of a
Congress of Nations for the settlement of national disputes.
By Mr. KAUFMAN : The petition of E. M. Daggett, of
Shclbyville, Texas, for compensation for horses lost in the
military service of the United States.
By Mr. FULLER: The petition of Benjamin F. Stinsen
and 83 others, citizens of Swan's Island and Deer Island,
in the county of Hancock, and State of Maine, praying
Congress to make an appropriation for a light-house, to be
located on Green's Island, and near Swan's Island.
By Mr. THURSTON: The memorial of acitizen of Ore-
gon Territory, praying an appropriation for a marine hos-
pital at Astoria.
By Mr. SIBLEY: The petition of Alexander Ramsey
and 30 other citizens of Minnesota Territory, praying for
the grant of one hundred thousand acres of land, including
the Military Reserve of Fort Snetling, to the Territory at
Minnesota, for the endowment and support of a University
therein.
Also, the petition of James Tv. Humphrev and 31 other
citizens of Minnesota, praying for the "grant of one
township of land, to aid in the construction of a magnetic
telegraph from Prairie du Cliien, in Wisconsin, to St. Paul,
in Minnesota.
By Mr. MANN, Massachusetts: The petition of Ed ward
M. Robinson and 637 others, citizens of New Bedford,
Massachusetts, praying for a repeal of the fugitive slave
law.
Also, the petition of Rufus Ellis and 55 others, of North-
ampton, Massachusetts, praying for a Congress of Nations,
to supersede war.
Also, the petition of Edward C. Swift and 33 others, of
Falmouth, Massachusetts, for cheap postage.
By Mr. HOWE: The petition of G. W. Morrow and 18
others, citizens of Mercer county, Pennsylvania, praying
Congress to repeal the fugitive slave law.
By Mr. BOYD : The memorial of Mr. G. W. Evelett, in
favor of reducing the present rates of postage on monthly
newspapers.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 6, 1851.
Mr. BUTLER presented the credentials of the
Hon. R. Barnwell Rhett, elected a Senator by
the Legislature of the State of South Carolina, for
the unexpired term of the Hon. John C. Cal-
houn, deceased; which were read.
Mr. Rhett presented himself, and, having ta-
ken the oath to support the Constitution of the
United States, he took his seat.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT of the Senate laid before the
body a communication from the Secretary of War,
made agreeably to law, covering a statement of
the expenditures for contingent expenses* of the
military establishment of the United States for the
year ending 1850; which was read.
Also, a report from the Secretary of War, made
in further compliance with a resolution of the Sen-
ate of the 3d September last, transmitting a state-
ment from the Chief of the Ordnance Bureau of the
result of inquiries concerning repeating fire-arms,
and their adaptation to the dragoon service; which
was read.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the memorial of
Milo Sutliff and Levi H. Case, asking that the
amount of money lost by them in consequence of
the seizure and condemnation of certain wool for
an alleged violation of the revenue laws, may be
refunded; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Also, a memorial from James W. Finch, asking-
compensation for a vessel lost in the service of the
United States; which was referral to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
Also, a petition from the citizens of Hume, in
the State of New York, asking a reduction of the
rates of postage; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Also, a petition from sundry inhabitants of
Broome county, in the State of New York, asking
the establishment of a mail route from Union, in
that connty, to Friendsville, in the State of Penn-
sylvania; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, the memorial of Hartwell Carser and his
associates, asking that a charter be granted them
for the construction of a railroad to the Pacific
ocean; which was referred to the Comtaittee on
Roads and Canals.
Mr. SMITH presented the petition of citizens
of Farmington, Connecticut, asking the adoption
of measures for the amicable adjflstment of inter-
national difficulties; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Also, the petition of William Boardman and
others, citizens of New Haven county, asking ail
amendment of the patent laws; which was or-
dered to lie on the table.
Mr. BRADBURY presented the petition of
Ezekiel Brown, askinga pension; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BALDWIN. Mr. President, I present to
the Senate the memorial of Roger Sherman, and a
large number of merchants and other citizens of
New Haven, representing that the building now
used for a custom-house at the port of New Ha-
ven is unfit for that purpose, both on account of
its size and its adaptation to the business tran?-
acted there. It was constructed more than half a
century ago, for a private dwelling, at a time when
the inhabitants of that place were only a few
