180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 6,
poned from time to time during that session by the
incessant interposition of special orders; and I find
now standing upon the calendar no less than five
special orders. It is true, if we take up the busi-
ness as it stands upon the calendar, and proceed
with it in regular order, we may reach this bill at
an early day; but Congress having spent the first
half of the 19th century in the consideration of
the bill, I feel it to be my duty, when we have ar-
rived at the last half of the century, to press its
consideration upon and its disposition by the Sen- >
ate at an early day, and I hardly know how it is
to be effected unless we make it a special order. If
the Senate shall now agree to take it up, I shall
move that (he further consideration be postponed
to Monday next, and that it be made the special
order for that day; and I desire to give notice to
he Senate that on that day I shall move to post-
pone the consideration of all prior orders, general
or special, which may stand in the way of tne con-
sideration of this bill, to the end that we may take
it up then, and proceed to the consideration and
disposition of it. I feel that I should not be doing
my duty, either to the Senate or to that large class
of citizens who are interested in this bill, unless I 1
made the motion which I now submit to the con-
sideration of the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 will simply suggest to the
Senator from Connecticut that this bill stands very
early upon the calendar. 1 find it is upon the i
second page, and it may probably be reached du- |
ring the present week.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to,
and it was before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. SMITH. I now move that its further con-
sideration be postponed to Monday next, and that
it be made the special order for that day at one
o'clock.
The motion was agreed to. •
LOUISIANA OVERFLOWED LANDS.
Mr. DOWNS. Mr. President, I have a similar
motion to make to the Senate. I move that the I
Senate bill, No. 328, to aid the State of Louisiana !
in reclaiming the overflowed lands therein, and for j
other purposes, be now taken up for the purpose
of making it a special order at some early and con- i
venient day, when, I think, it can soon be disposed
of. It is-a bill of great importance to my State, |
and I hope the Senate will give it early attention. 11
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was be-
fore the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. DOWNS. I now move that its further con-
sideration be postponed to Thursday next, and
that it be made the special order for that day.
The motion was agreed to.
LAWS AND DECISIONS RELATING TO PUBLIC
LANDS.
The following resolutions, reported by Mr.
Felch, from the Committee on the Public Lands,
came up for consideration: \
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior cause to be
prepared a collection of the general public acts of Congress, ;
and a collection or digest ol the official instructions which
have been issued from time to time by the Secretary of the
Treasury, the Secretary of the Interior, and the Commis- i
gioner of the General Land Office, relative to the public !
lands, excepting such as refer exclusively, both in principle
and application, to particular and individual cases, together >
wi*h a collection and digest of the rtficial opinions of the ]
Attorney General on questions arising under the land laws, .
with reference to the decisions ofthe courts,under such laws; j
and of the laws, ordinances, and regulations of other Gov-
ernments from whom the United States have acquired ter- j
ritory by cession, so far as the same apply to the territory '
so acquired. !
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate cause the
general public acts of Congress respecting the sale and dis-
position of the public land', together with the collection or
digest prepared under the foregoing resolution, to be printed
for the use of the Senate.
Mr. FELCH. When these resolutions were I
before the Senate the other day, one or two Sena-
tors made suggestions relative to the printing. To
obviate the objections then intimated, I now pro-
pose to submit a substitute for the second resolu-
tion. I move to strike out that resolution, and
insert the following:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior transmit the
said collection^and digest, when completed, to th^ Senate,
if in session, and, if not, to the Secretary of the Senate, i
and that the same be then printed for the us? of the Senate.
The amendment was agreed to, and the question
recurred upon the resolution as amended.
Mr. DOWNS. I would inquire if such a reso-
lution was not passed a few years ago, providing
for th«  *me object, though perhaps in another
form ? My recollection is certainly clear that such
a resolution was passed the session before last.
Perhaps the chairman of the committee who has
the resolution in charge can give me some inform-
ation on this point.
Mr. FELCH. There has been no general pro-
vision, as was stated the other day, providing for
a digest, such as is contemplated in this resolution,
for the last ten or eleven years. The resolution
to which the Senator from Louisiana has alluded,
was one calling for a digest of Mexican and Span-
ish laws that were in force in New Mexico and
California; but the individual who was appointed
to make that digest has abandoned the work, hav-
ing gone to another portion of the country before
his report was made, and therefore we have noth-
ing to expect from him.
Mr. BENTON. Mr. President, I do not yet
understand this resolution so as to be satisfied
about it in my own mind. Let it lie over a little
longer, that I may have an opportunity to look
into it. I wish to ascertain what is the extent of
it.
Mr. FELCH. It was laid over the other day
to enable Senators to make an examination of it;
but certainly, if the SenatQr desires further time,
I shall interpose no objection.
The resolution was laid over accordingly.
REMOVALS FROM OFFICE.
The PRESIDENT announced that the hour
had arrived for the consideration of the special
order, being the resolution offered by the Senator
from Maine respecting removals from office.
Mr. BELL desired to call up a bill, which was
on its third reading, to make provision for certain
Creek warriors, who served as a regiment in the
Florida war. When it was last before the Senate
the Senator from Michigan 'desired to see certain
papers in relation to this claim, and he would now
have an opportunity to do so.
Mr. EWING expressed the hope that the Sen-
ate would proceed with the consideration of the
special order.
Mr. MANGUM then proceeded to address the
Senate in defence of the character of General
Taylor, and to show that the removal of General
Lane from the office of Governor of Oregoa was
a justifiable act. He spoke during the space of
two hours, and of his remarks a report will be
found in the Appendix.
Mr. EWING next obtained the floor, and said
he had wished to say something- on this subject,
but as the day was nearly passed away he felt
disinclined to say anything at present. He there-
fore moved that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 7, 1851.
The Hou$e met at twelve o'clock. The Jour-
nal of yesterday was read.
Mr. POTTER said, that Mr. John Bell, the
representative from the Sixth Congressional Dis-
trict of the State of Ohio, elected to fill the vacancy
occasioned by the death of the late Hon. Amos
E. Wood, was present, and desirous to be qual-
fied.
Mr. Bell presented himself at the bar of the
House, and was qualified by taking the usual oath
to support the Constitution of the United States.
He then took his seat.
FUGITIVE SLAVE LAW.
Mr. JULIAN. I rise, Mr. Speaker, to a privi-
leged question, for the purpose of moving an
amendment to the Journal of the .proceedings of
the House of yesterday, as read by the Clerk this
morning. Yesterday I submitted a motion to the
House to suspend the rules, for the purpose of
presenting a memorial from the religious society
of anti-slavery Friends in Indiana, and having that
memorial referred to a committee of this House,
with instructions that that committee should report
in favor of granting the prayer of the memorial, j
It is well known to every member of this House, j
that it is perfectly allowable for any gentleman on i
this floor to present, under the rule, a petition, and
move its reference to the proper committee. I |
certainly understood this fact yesterday; and my
object in deviating from this course and making j
the motion to suspend the rules, was, as I then 1
distinctly stated, with the atrowed object of hav- i
ing the memorial referred to the Committee on I
the Judiciary, with instructions to report in favor
of its prayer.
The purpose for which I made this motion, it is
evident, therefore, forms a material ingredient in
the motion itself; it is a part of it. If the motion,
as recorded on the Journal, does not show that
purpose, as stated by me, then it appears' to me
the Journal should be so corrected as to em-
body this fact. I ask, therefore, that the Journal
be amended as I have indicated, for the reasons
I have given, believing that as at present re-
corded, it does not correctly state the motion I
made.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland. I rise, Mr.
Speaker, to a question of order. I call the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Julian] to order.
The SPEAKER. To what point of order does
the gentleman from Maryland rise ?
Mr. McLANE. My point of order is this, sir; I *
hold that it is not competent for any member of this
House to move to amend the Journal, by moving
to incorporate in such Journal a statement of the
object of any motion recorded in it. I therefore
believe it to be out of order for the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Julian] to move to incorporate in
his motion of yesterday, any statement of the ob-
ject of that motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not under-
stand the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Julian]
as moving to incorporate any statement in the mo-
tion as recorded on the Journal. It is competent
for the gentleman from Indiana to submit a mo-
tion to the House, that the Journal be corrected so
as to correctly state the motion which he made.
Mr. McLANE. I submit to the Chair, that a
motion to insert upon the Journal of the House a
statement of the intention, or of the design of the
mover of a motion to suspend the rules, is not in
order. The point of order I submit, therefore, is,
that the gentleman from Indiana cannot move to
amend the Journal by inserting any statement
such as that I understand him to desire.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
moves to amend the Journal by inserting what
he has stated, as a part of the motion itself, on
the ground that unless the motion be thus recorded
the Journal is, in this respect, incorrectly made
up.
Mr. McLANE. I submit to the Chair that
such a motion is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the motion of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. *
Julian] is in order.
Mr. McLANE. I must appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has overruled the
nt of order raised by the gentleman from Mary-
, and from that decision the gentleman from
Maryland has taken an appeal, and that appeal
must be first disposed of.
Mr. McLANE. I have the floor, I believe, on
that appeal.
The SPEAKER. The appeal is not deba-
table, but the gentleman can be indulged in remarks
by general consent.
Mr. McLANE. I merely wish to state to the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Julian,] that I
should, with very great pleasure, acquiesce in the
insertion on the Journal of the statement which he
proposes, and that I should desire it, but I am con-
vinced that if such a practice was indulged in as
to allow any member to insert on the Journal 
Mr. CONGER. I call the gentleman to order.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order. The
gentleman from Indiana will send his motion to the
Chair.
Mr. JULIAN inquired if it was in order to make
any remarks ?
The SPEAKER. Not pending the point of
order of the gentleman from Maryland. That
must be first disposed of. The gentleman from
Indiana rises and submits a motion to correct the
Journal relative to a motion submitted by him on
yesterday to suspend the rules to enable him to
introduce a memorial, by adding to that motion
the following: " And to move its reference to a
committee with instructions to report in favor of
granting the prayer of the memorialists." The
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. McLane] raises
the point of order that the gentleman from Indiana
cannot submit this motion to amend the Journal
by incorporating a statement made by the gentle-
man from Indiana. The Chair does not under-
stand the gentleman from Indiana as moving to
incorporate a statement. He moves to amend the
