1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
181
Journal by appending the motion which he has
made, or amending the manner in which his mo-
tion is stated on the Journal. The Chair holds
that it is in order to submit such a motion. If a
motion is made by a member and it is incorrectly
journalized, it is in order for him to move to cor-
rect the Journal. The motion now made by the
gentleman from Indiana is to correct the manner
m which his motion was journalized and read to
the House this morning. The Chair will refrain
from making any statement at this stage of the
proceedings in reference to the motion as entered.
He desires to state to the House hereafter why the
Journal has been made up as it is. The simple
question now before the House is on the point of
order. The Chair has decided that the motion of
the gentleman from Indiana is in order, and from
that decision the gentleman from Maryland ap-
peals.
Mr. McLANE. I withdraw the appeal and
■hall make the point of order on the motion itself.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I rise to a point of or-
der. Was it competent, on yesterday, when the
gentleman from Indiana presented his petition, for
him then to submit a proposition of instructions
to the committee?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
is anticipating the question. WTien the Chair
gives the reason for the Journal being made up as
it is, it will then be the proper time to consider
that question. But the gentleman from Indiana
is entitled to submit his motion to amend the
Journal. The Chair desires that the House shall
not confuse the correctness of the Journal as made
up, with the right to make a motion to amend the
Journal.
Mr. JULIAN. As a matter of course, I could
not have moved a suspension of the rules in order
to enable me to present the petition, and also, at j
the same time, to refer with instructions; but I |
could move to suspend the rules to enable me to
present the petition for the purpose of asking its '
reference with instructions. This was my mo- ;
tion. The object I had in view entered into the
vote that wets taken, and gentlemen voted yea or
nay according as they favored or disapproved that
object. I ask, therefore, that the Journal shall
show that fact, that they may not escape the re-
sponsibility attaching to their position.
Mr. JONES. I nse to a point of order, and
my question of order is, that the motion submit-
ted by the gentleman from Indiana to amend the
Journal is not debatable. He has a right to make a
statement, whether the Journal is correctly made up
or not upon the motion whieh he made yesterday;
but he has no right, as I contend, under the rules,
now to debate the propriety of his motion, or his
right to have made it. The only question now
before the House is, whether what he now pro-
poses was a* part of his motion yesterday, and
whether he shall correct the Journal or not. The
gentleman ought to confine himself to a statement
on that point.
The SPEAKER. A motion to amend the Jour-
nal is debatable, but only to the extent of the
correctness of the manner in which the Journal is
made up. No question is before the House ex-
cept whether the Journal is correctly made up; and
that, in the ^opinion of the Chair, is debatable.
Mr. JONES. Well, sir, I wish to ask the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Julian] if he nowsays
that what he proposes to insert to-day was a part
of his motion on yesterday ?
Mr. CHANDLER. I rise to ask a angle
question. Will the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr, Jones] yield me the floor?
Mr. JONES yielded the floor.
Mr. CHANDLER. I wish to inquire, in the
first place, if the Speaker did not decide yesterday
morning that the part which the gentleman from
Indiana now asks to have recorded as a portion of
his motion was inadmissible ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, as he has already
stated to the gentleman from Illinois, that that
question will arise when we come to decide whether
or not the Journal is correctly made up. But the
gentleman from Indiana is at present entitled to the
floor upon the point whether the Journal is cor-
rectly or incorrectly made up. That is the only
Question now before the House, and the only one
lat can be debated. ,
Mr. JULIAN. I desire to urge my motion for
the purpose aimply of making apparent upon the
Journal of the House what is a material part of
the motion itself, as it expresses my object in
moving the suspension of the rules to enable me
to present the petition. I do not desire further to
detain the House. I only desire the Journal to
show the real issue involved in the motion for
which the gentlemen recorded their names on yes-
terday.
Mr. BAYLY. I rise, Mr. Speaker, to a point
of order. The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Ju-
lian] is not confining himself in his remarks to a
simple statement of an error in the Journal, but is
enlarging for the purpose of assigning his reasons
for desiring the amendment he has made to be
agreed to. I submit that the gentleman is, there-
fore, out of order.
The SPEAKER. The last remarks of the gen-
tleman from Indiana were, perhaps, beyond the
range of the subject. The gentleman will confine
himself strictly to the question of correction.
Mr. JULIAN, (in continuation.) I desire, Mr.
Speaker, to submit my motion for the correction
of the Journal, in accordance with what I have
already stated, and I leave it with the membera of
this House to vote for or against my amendment.
Mr. McLANE. I rise, sir, to state the reasons
why I think that the amendment of the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Julian] should not be agreed
to by this House. When, yesterday, the gentle-
man moved to,suspend the rules, I understood the
Chair to state that he could present his petition
under the rule, and move its reference to the proper
committee without a suspension of the rules. More-
over, I understood the Chair to decide, that a mo-
tion for the suspension of the rules must be first
disposed of before a motion to refer with instruc-
tions could be submitted—that they were separate
motions, and could not be entertained at the same
moment. I also distinctly understood, that the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Julian] only sub-
mitted a motion for the suspension of the rules
without embracing any other object. Yet,-if I
understand the gentleman, he desires now to move
an amendment, that the Journal be so corrected
as to enter upon it the reasons which induced him
to make that motion.
I submit, sir, that such a motion cannot be in-
dulged in. I submit, that if his motion is enter- !
tained, and his reasons for moving the suspension
of the rules are entered on the Journal, that it will
| be setting a precedent that will be dangerous in its
consequences. Every member ofthis House, who
for any particular purpose may move a suspension
of the rules to enable him to introduce a petition,
will also demand that his reasons for doing so
be entered at length on the Journal of the pro-
ceedings of this House. Are gentlemen on this
floor prepared to agree to set a precedent at once
so unparliamentary and absurd? I do not believe
they are. I hope, therefore, sir, that the motion
of the gentleman will not be indulged.
Mr. CHANDLER said, that though he was so
unfortunately seated as not to hear the remarks
of the gentleman [Mr. Julian] who yesterday
made the motion to suspend the rules of the House,
yet the understanding was clear with him and in
his neighborhood that the question was simply
one of the right of petition—a right which is and
which should be held most sacred. But if it is to
go upon the record that the motion was to " sus-
pend the rules " for the purpose of repealing a law,
then he should be greatly misrepresented if placed
in the affirmative.
Mr. C. said he had no objection to the amend-
ment of the Journal proposed by the gentleman
from Indiana. If the Journal is wrong let it be
corrected. But such a correction as the gentleman
proposed would entirely change the question which
the House decided; and if it is to be corrected
as the gentleman proposes, then, sir, (said Mr.
C.,) for myself, and I believe some of my col-
leagues ana other members who voted, with me
in the affirmative^ I desire to have another correc-
tion. Let the Journal be so corrected as to place
my name and the names of those who joined with
me, in the list of negatives.
The SPEAKER. The only question now before
the House is on agreeing to the amendment of
the Journal proposed by the gentleman from In-
diana, [Mr. Julian.] The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Chandler] must therefore confine
his remarks as to whether or not the Journal is
correctly made up. He must not indulge in any
remarks that do not bear on this point.
Mr. CHANDLER. I merely wished to state,
that if the gentleman from Indiana has a right to
make his motion, gentlemen who have voted, have
also a right to have their motives recorded on the
Journal of the House. I supposed the question
yesterday to be simply one of the right of pre-
senting petitions to this House, or, as I have said,
I should not have recorded my vote as I did.
Mr. BAYLY. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the Journal, because the Journal is cor-
rect. The Journal of the House contains nothing
but the record of the motions made, and the votes
taken. The only motion made by the gentleman
from Indiana was to suspend the rules. That
was the only motion he could make. He could
not bring the matter of his instructions, or his in-
tentions or purposes, before the House until the
rules were suspended. The only motion that he
could make was the precise motion that he did
make, to suspend the rules. I therefore maintain
that the Journal is correct.
Mr. GIDDINGS asked for the reading of the
Journal as it now stands. •
The Clerk read from the Journal as follows:
Mr. JULIAN moved that the rule« be suspended so as to
enable him to present the memorial of the Yearly Meeting
of the religious society of Anti-Slavery Friends, held at New-
port, Wayne county, in-the State of Indiana, on the subject
of slavery generally, and particularly in favor of the repeal
of the fugitive slave law.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana moves to amend the Journal by adding at the
end of what has just been read the following:
" And to move its reference to a committee with instruc-
tions to report in favor of granting the prayer of said me-
morial."
Mr. GIDDINGS resumed, and said: It has long
been the practice of this House, when a suspen-
sion of the rules has been mdved, to have recorded
upon the Journal the object of such a motion; but
this has not been done in making up the Journal
this morning.
I refer now to the report of your proceedings of
yesterday, as I understood them,- and as they
were understood by your Reporters at their desks,
to show that the motion of the gentleman from In-
diana this morning is literally correct.
The following is the report in the Globe of this
morning:
" Mr. JULIAN moved to suspend the rules to enable
him to present a petition or memorial from the Yearly,
Meeting of the Society of Friends in the State of Indiana,
asking for the repeal of the fugitive slave bill passed at the
last session of Congress. His object in asking the House to
suspend the rules was, that the memorial might be referred
to the Judiciary Committee, with instructions to report in
favor of the prayer of the memorialists."
Now, sir, the gentleman from Indiana asks that
this object may be placed on the Journal as it
was stated at the time, as it was understood by
the members of the House, as it was understood
by your Reporters, as it was understood by the
gentleman himself, and as it was understood .by
the Speaker. For permit me to read a little further
on in the report of the Glebe, where the Speaker,
in reply to an inquiry of the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Stanly,] said:
" That the gentleman from Indiana could, under the rules
of the House, present the memorial and have it referred,
but not with the instructions which he proposed to give."
Now, sir, the gentleman from Indiana only
asks that the Journal shall comport with the un-
derstanding of the Speaker at the time, as an-
nounced to the House. Shall that be done ? is the
Question. These are the facts No man can un-
erstand them otherwise. I certainly did not.
Mr. DUER. Mr. Speaker, this seems to me
purely a question of fact, on which question of
fact I am willing to take the declaration of the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Julian,] if he is
willing to make it. I suppose the gentleman
might have made his motion in a different way.
I suppose he might have moved to suspend the
rules for the purpose of presenting the memorial,
and also of moving to refer it to the Committee
on the Judiciary with instructions to report in
favor of the prayer of the memorial; or he might
have moved to suspend the rules to present the
memorial, and stated that it was his object and
intention to make such a motion to refer with in-
structions, and that he wished the motion to be
entered in that form upon the Journal. In either
case, it appears to me that the motion is correctly
entered upon the Journal, simply that a motion to
suspend the rules was made for the purpose of
