1S2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 7,
presenting a memorial for the purpose of refer- >'
ence. '
Mr impression, when I came here this morning,
was, that the gentleman made his motion in this
form: that he moved that the rules of the House
be suspended, for the purpose of enabling him to
present the memorial, with the intention of having
it referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, with
instructions to report in favor of its prayer; and
on looking at the Globe this morning, since taking
my seat, I observe that it is there stated, that the
gt> ltleman moved to suspend the rules for the pur-
pose of presenting the memorial, and afterwards
moved that it be referred to the Judiciary Commit-
tee with instructions to report favorably. If such
is the ease, then I think the entry on the Journal
is perfectly correct.
Mr. DUNHAM. This seem to be, as the gen-
tleman- who has just resumed his seat has re-
marked, a question of fact, as to the manner in
which the motion was made, and the manner in
which that motion was put. It appears to me,
however, thai the gentleman could not make both
the motions to which he has referred, together.
I do not think that such motions were made. I sub-
mit to the House, whether the statement of the
o'jject for which the motion to suspend the rules
was made, was not a mere matter of argument for
the consideration of the House. I do not think
it can be considered a part of the motion itself; it
was merely an argument used in favor of the sus-
pension of the rules. It cannot be incorporated,
therefore, in the motion itself, under the rules of
the House; it is not in order under the parliamen-
tary law. 
Mr. DUER, (interposing.) Let me ask the
gentleman why it is not as competent to move to
suspend the rules for the purpose of making two
motions as one?
Mr. DUNHAM. Only one motion can be en-
tertained at a time.
Mr. DUER. But you could suspend the rules
for the purpose of enabling him to make the mo-
tion.
Mr. DUNHAM. You might then move to
suspend the rules and go on to state the history of
the whole legislation on the subject, in your mo-
tion, in stating your object. Now, I take it that
the only motion which can be made, is a motion
to suspend the rules to enable you to present the
petition. The object can only be stated as an ar-
gument in favor of the suspension of the rules. If
an argument is submitted and entered on the Jour-
nal, every day members will get up and move to
suspend the rules, and submit an argument in favor ,
of the suspension, and that argument submitted to j
the House will be entered upon the Journal. It i
strikes me that the question is now sufficiently 1
understood, and I therefore move to lay the mo- \
tion on the table.
Mr. MEADE. Will the gentleman withdraw
his motion for a few moments ?
Mr. DUNHAM. Certainly.
Mr. MEADE. I wish merely to state to the
House, that when the gentlemaa from Indiana rose
yesterday to make the notion, I was immediately
behind him and heard every word he said; and
while I cannot repeat verbatim what fell from his
mouth, it was distinctly understood by me that he
asked for a suspension of the rules for a particular
object, which he stated, and that was to enable
him to present the memorial and have it referred
to a committee, with instructions to report a bill
in conformity to the prayer of the memorialists;
and that was of course the understanding when
the question was put to the vote of the House.
A question was asked, (I think by a gentleman
from North Carolina,) in relation to a point of
order, and it was stated by the Chair, in reply,
that if the object of the gentleman from Indiana
was merely to refer the memorial to a committee,
it could be done under the rules of the House;
but that inasmuch as his object was to refer the
petition with instructions, it was necessary to sus-
pend the rules. Well now, sir, when any one
offers a resolution here on Monday for any pur-
pose whatever, a motion is generally made to
suspend the rules, and the mover of the resolution
indicates his object, and members vote for or
against the motion, accordingly as they favor that
object. Such was the case in regard to the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Indiana. His object
was perfectly understood by everybody here, and
they voted in reference to it.
Mr. DUNHAM (Mr. Meade yielding the
floor) said, I hold in my hand the report of the
proceedings in the Globe of this morning, which
contains a statement made by the Speaker at the
time, which bears out the position I hare assumed,
that the only motion could be to suspend the rules
for the purpose of presenting the petition. The
Speaker stated in reply to an inquiry of the gen-
tleman from Maine, [Mr. Gerry,] that "the
question now is on suspending the rules to enable
the gentleman to present the memorial. The me-
morial must be before the House before the gen-
tleman from Indiana can present his instructions."
What he intended to do with the memorial was
only an argument in favor of granting the motion.
Mr. MEADE. I now renew the motion of the
gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. JULIAN. Will the gentleman withdraw
it for the purpose of enabling me to make a very
short explanation?
Mr. MEADE. I will withdraw it for that pur-
pose.
Mr. JULIAN. The motion which I made was
reduced to writing. Here it is precisely as it was
made yesterday:
" Mr. JULIAN moved to suspend the rules to enable him
to present a memorial from the religious society of anti-
slavery. Friends in Indiana, praying for the repeal of (lie
fugitive slave law, for the purpose of having it referred to a
committee with instructions to report in favor of the prayer
of said memorial."
1 remarked, in submitting this motion, that I
did not wish to disguise my purpose, and that was
to have the memorial referred to a committee with
, instructions to report in favor of its prayer. I
wanted gentlemen to understand that such was
my object in moving to suspend the rules; but the
motion, submitted by me when I first rose, was
in so many words as I have stated it.
Mr. MEADE. I would simply remark, that
I understood the gentleman from Indiana dis-
tinctly to say, that he made that motion for the
purpose of moving instructions to the committee
to whom the memorial was to be referred. Be-
cause if he merely desired to refer the petition
with a hope that the committee would report in
favor of its prayer, why, he could have done it
under the rules; but he moved to suspend the
rules for the purpose, after the suspension, of
moving those instructions.
Mr. POTTER. With a view to get to more
important business, sir, I move the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. MEADE rose to speak, but—
The SPEAKER stated that the gentleman was
out of order, the previous question not being de-
, batable.
The demand for the previous question having
been seconded, the main question was ordered,
which main question was on agreeing to the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Julian,]
to amend the Journal.
The SPEAKER. Before putting the main
Juestion, I wish to explain to the House why the
ournal was made up as it now stands, the re-
sponsibility of which rests with me. I understood
tne gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Julian] to move
to suspend the rules, to enable him to present a
memorial, avowing it as his object to move
its reference to the Committee on the Judiciary
with instructions to report in favor of the prayer
of the memoria}, as stated by the gentleman on
the right of the Chair, who last addressed the
House, [Mr. Meade.] The Chair certainly did
not understand the motion made by the gentleman
from Indiana to include its reference, with the
instructions; and as evidence of that fact, in re-
sponse to a gentleman on the right of the Chair,
[Mr. Gerrt,1 who inquired whether the instruc-
tions were to be voted upon, the Chair replied that
the instructions were not before the House.
In response to the gentleman from North Caro-
lina, [Mr. Stanlt,] the Chair stated that the gen-
tleman from Indiana could present his memorial,
under the rules of the House, and have it referred
to a committee, but that he could not have the in-
structions acted upon thus.
- The Chair entertained the motion to suspend
for the reception of the petition, the gentleman
avowing his object to be, if received, to move its
reference with instructions. The Chair will not
now decide whether or not a motion to suspend
the rules to receive a memorial, with instructions
. as to the disposition of it, would or would not be
in order. But he certainly did not understand the
motion of the gentleman from Indiana to be of
such a character yesterday. The Chair directed
the Journal to be made up according to the con-
struction the Chair put on it, in reference to the
motion of the gentleman from Indiana.
The question is now on agreeing to the motion
of that gentleman to amend the Journal.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland. I understand
the Chair to decline stating whether or not it would
be in order to make such a motion as to suspend
the rules and to refer the memorial with instruc-
tions. And before the question is taken I propose
to the Chair to entertain that question of order. I
1 submit such a question.
j The SPEAKER. It cannot be submitted at
this time, for the Chair does not feel himself called
upon to decide that question. It is not necessary
to the-proper elucidation of this question, that the
Cfiair should decide it.
The question was then taken on agreeing to Mr.
Julian's motion .to amend the Journal, and it was
not agreed to.
I RECONSIDERATION OF THE VOTE.
I Mr. COBB, of Alabama. Would it be in order
to move to reconsider the vote by which the House
refused to suspend the rules to receive the petition
yesterday ? I voted with the majority, and as
there are many gentlemen who voted under a mis-
apprehension, I want the record to be correctly
made up. My object, in moving to reconsider the
vote is, to see how many men there are in the
House at this time who are willing to vote for a
repeal of the fugitive slave law. I want that there
should be no misapprehension in relation to the
; vote of any man.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order. If the
gentleman from Alabama was to submit the motion
to reconsider the vote, it would not be debatable.
Mr. COBB. Well, sir, I move to reconsider the
vote.
The SPEAKER. The motion will be received,
and go on the Journal f<Jr next Monday; but the
Chair will say to the gentleman from Alabama,
that though he entertains the motion so far as to
enter it, yet he does not hesitate to state to the
House that he has great doubts whether a motion
to reconsider a vote on a motion to suspend the
rules can be entertained.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Is it in order to move
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table £
The SPEAKER. That motion is not now be-
fore the House.
CHEAP POSTAGE BILL.
Mr. POTTER moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union on the special order—the cheap postage
bill.
Mr. STRONG. I ask the House to take up the
resolution reported from the Committee of Elec-
tions in reference to the contested election from
New Hampshire, which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections of the memorial of Jared Per-
kins.
Mr. BAYLY. I hope committees will be called
for reports. I call for the regular order of busi-
ness.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of business
is called for, and the gentleman from' Ohio [Mr.
Potter] has moved that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. The question presented by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Strong,] however,
| takes precedence, it being a question of privilege.
Mr. STRONG. I desire to make one remark.
I am perfectly willing that committees shall be
called for reports, but I do intend to press this
question of the contested election before the House
again goes into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. If that motion is. withdrawn,
I will withdraw my call for the present.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Potter] withdraw his motion ?
Mr. CARTTER. If he does, I shall renew it.
Mr. BAYLY. If he does not, we can vote it
down.
Mr. POTTER made some remarks that were
entirely inaudible at the Reporter's desk. He
was understood, however, to persist in his motion
that the House resolve itself into Committee of
Whole on the state of the Union.
NEW HAMPSHIRE CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. STRONG. I believe that the consideration
