1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
183
of the report of the Committee of Elections is
a privileged question. I therefore call for the read-
iiwr of the report.
The SPEAKER stated that it certainly took
precedence of all other business.
Mr. STRONG. Then, sir, I call for the read-
ing of the report.
Mr. McCLERNAND inquired whether it would
be in order to move the postponement of the con-
sideration of a privileged question to a day certain ?
The SPEAKER. It would be in order, if the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr, Strong] would
yield the floor.
Mr. JONES. Can the chairman of the Com-.
mittee of Elections call up a privileged question,
as I understand he moves that the House proceed,
to the consideration of it merely upon his motion
to that effect? Suppose all the other members to
be opposed to it, is the Houseforced to consider
the question upon the mere call of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania? That I think is the point be-
fore the House. As I understand it, sir. ne has a
right (it being a privileged question) to move that
the House proceed to its consideration. But if a
majority of the House determine that they will not,
then we proceed to the motion of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Potter;] and if that is voted
down, then the House would proceed to the regu-
lar order of business, which I believe is the call of
the committees for reports.
Mr. STRONG. The resolution reported by the
Committee of Elections is a resolution in refer-
ence to privilege, and is always before the House,
unless by its own vote the House dispose of it,
or postpone it to a day certain, or fix some time i
far its consideration. It therefore requires no vote
to bring it before the consideration of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has entertained
the report of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Strong,] from the Committee of Elections.
The House can act upon it, or postpone it after
hiving it before them, a$ they think proper.
Mr. JONES was about to address the House;
but
The SPEAKER stated that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Strong] was entitled to the
floor; who having yielded it—
Mr. JONES said, J think this is clearly wrong
that one member of this House can force upon it
the consideration of any question.
The SPEAKER. The House cam decide, after
entertaining the motion, whether it will consider
the report or postpone it.
Mr. JONES. I appeal from the decision of the
Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair holds that the
question is before the House without a motion,
and must be entertained and aeted on. The gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] submits, as
a point of order, that the extent of the right of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Strong]
is, to move that the House proceed to the consid-
eration of the report, and that that is the extent of
the right of the privilege.
Mr. JONES. I wish to make one suggestion
to the Chair. The question came before the
House this morning to have a member sworn in.
That was certainly a privileged question. Sup-
pose a member of this House had risen and ob-
jected, would the Speaker have sworn that mem-
ber in without the consent of the House?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has no hesitation
in responding to the gentleman from Tennessee,
that he would have held that that business must
be disposed of before any other business could be
attended to.
Mr. JONES. I do not deny that, but I say
that if there had been objection made, there must
have been a vote of the House.
The SPEAKER. The vote would not be on
the question whether the House would proceed to
the consideration of that business, but whether
the member was entitled to be sworn in. The
Chair overrules the poinfbf order, and holds that
a question of privilege, when called for, must be
acted on by the House without any motion;
though the House has a right to postpone its con-
sideration after it has been brought up, if they de-
sire so to do. From this decision the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] appeals; and the
question will be, shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the House?
The question was then taken on the appeal, and
the decision of the Chair was sustained.
The report of the majority of the Committee of
Elections (which was read) concluded with the
following resolution:
Rttobxd, That George W. Morrison ia entitled to the
seat which he holds as a Representative from the third
Congressional district of New Hampshire.
Mr. STRONG spoke in effect as follows:
Mr. Speaker: It is with no small reluctance that
I find myself again constrained to occupy the
time and solicit the attention of the House in the
consideratioh of a contested election. Questions
of this nature have been so numerous, and have
challenged so much of the attention of this Con-
gress, that nothing but imperious necessity could
justify me in consuming more of the time which
is so much needed for purposes of general legisla-
tion. It gives me pleasure, however, to be able
to assure the House that the present is not a case
which will require long debate. Unlike most of
those which have preceded it, it is loaded with no
testimony. Indent there are no issues of fact in-
volved in the case. The simple duty of the House
is to determine judicially what the law is as ap-
plicable to an acknowledged state of facts. To
discharge this duty, however, it is indispensable
that the members of the House should accurately
know what those undisputed facts are, what the
law applicable to them is, and what is the extent
of the power which the Constitution has veiled in
the House in the fifth section of the first article,
which declares " each House shall be the judge of
the elections, returns, and qualifications of its own
members." I need hardly remark, sir, that the
function of the House is exclusively judicial; in
i no respect legislative, in the question now before
it. It is sometimes loosely supposed that the
House possesses by virtue of this clause in the
: Constitutions general superintending power over
: the election of its members, which enables it to
dispense with the requisitions of the laws by
which those elections are regulated; an unlimited
discretion, which warrants such a determination
as may seem equitable, though in conflict with ,
| the statutory enactments of the States. This is,
however, a- most erroneous view of our duty,
j The Constitution is as obligatory upon this House
as it is upon any State or any private individual.
The same instrument which constitutes us judges
of an election, confers upon the State Legislatures
the power to prescribe the times and places and
manner of holding elections. When, therefore,
the Legislature of a State has made the regula-
tions which it is thus authorized to make, they
must have the force of law, and be as binding
upon this House as upon any individual. The
power to make or alter them exists indeed in
Congress, but not in this House alone. A dis-
pensatory power exists nowhere. But if in judg-
! ing of an election, the House may disregard one
of these prescriptions of a State Legislature be-
cause it appears inequitable or unjust, then the
constitutional rights of the State Legislature are
subordinate to those of the House instead of being
coordinate. The House then acts legislatively
and not judicially, and in so acting assumes a
power not granted to it, and denies to the State
Legislature the authority expressly vested in it
by the* Constitution. This is too apparent to re-
quire more than a mere statement; I repeat, there-
fore, the House can act only judicially now. It
must act within the law, not above it, or beyond it.
It is our right and duty to inquire and decide who
has been elected under existing law; apply to the
acknowledged facts of the case the regulations
which have been constitutionally made, and ad-
judicate it upon the law as it is, without regard to
our opinions of the policy or equity of that law.
Any other course infringes upon the constitutional
rights of the Legislature of the State of New
Hampshire. It is in vain to say, that that Legis-
lature may prescribe the time, manner, and places
of holding an election, if such prescription is not
final; if it is operative only at the discretion of
this House; if we may disregard it whenever we
think it has been indiscreetly or unjustly exer-
cised. Grant such supremacy to the House, and
all State regulations are vanity—mere cobwebs.
Now, Mr. Speaker, with this view of the duty
of the House when acting as a judge of the elec-
tion of a member, allow me to call attention again
to the facts of the case before us. Under the
present apportionment, the State of New Hamp-
shire, or rather the people of the State, are entitled
to four Representatives in this House. The act
of Congress of June 25, 1842, which fixed the
ratio of representation, enacted also, that in every
case in which a State was entitled under that ap-
portionment to more than one Representative, they
should be elected by districts composed of con-
tiguous territory, no on^district electing more than
one Representative. This was the first attempt
that Congress ever made in any degree to exercise
the superior power vested by the Constitution in
them, to make or alter the regulations respecting
the times, manner, and places of holding the elec-
tions. Up to that period it-had been left undis-
turbed in the State Legislatures. The States had
adopted different regulations. Most of them elect-
ed by single districts, some by double districts, and
a few by general ticket. Among the latter was
the State of New Hampshire.' The act of Con-
fress not having districted the States, having only
eclared that members should be elected by single
districts, was in itself inoperative. It required
aid from the State Legislatures. Some of those
Legislatures, however—and among them that of
New Hampshire—refused to district the States.
Representatives in the Congress next succeeding
the enactment of Congress were elected by gen-
eral ticket, and were admitted to seats in the
i House.
On the 2d day of July, A. D. 1846, however,
the Legislature of New Hampshire divided the
i State into four Congressional districts. By the
provisions of their act, the counties of Hillsbo-
1 rough and Cheshire were constituted one, called
the Third district; and the counties of Merrimack,
Belknap, and Carroll were constituted another,
called the second district. Sir, allow me to call
' the attention of the House more particularly to
! this aqt of the New Hampshire Legislature. I do
so, because it becomes necessary to meet an argu-
ment of the minority of the committee, to which I
shall refer hereafter. The act not only districts
; the State, but it directs the mode in which notice
of the elections shall be given, the votes received,
returned, and counted, and the certificate issued to
the person elected. Elections were held by these
districts thus formed for Representatives in the
Thirtieth Congress, and again on the second Tues-
day of March, 1849, for Representatives in the
Thirty-first Congress. At the last election, the
Hon. James Wilson was chosen by the electors
in the third district, and the Hon. Charles H.
Peaslee by those in the second. Each of those
gentlemen took his seat in this House.
While things were in this situation, the Legis-
lature of New Hampshire, at their session last
summer, proceeded to amend the districting act of
1846; and on the 11th day of July, 1850, passed
an act redistricting the §tate, orrather making some
changes in each of the districts created by the first
districting act. The second act makes Hillsbor-
ough and Cheshire counties and four to^ns of
Merrimack county, one district. It will be ob-
served tRat these four towns were, in March, 1849,
at the time of the general election, in the second
district, by which Mr. Peaslee was elected. The
second section of this act enacted that so much of
the first districting act as was inconsistent with the
provisions of the latter, should be repealed; and
that the second act should go into effect from its
passage. Doubtless it was not known at the time
of the passage of this act, that any one of the New
Hamariiire delegation contemplated a resignation,
thou^nt must have been supposed that vacancies
might occur. In September last, after the passage
of the second districting act, the Hon. Mr. Wilson
resigned his seat, and a vacancy thus happened.
The Governor of the State issued his precept to the
district comprising the counties of Hillsborough
and Cheshire, and the four towns of Merrimack—
the district as constituted by the second districting
act—for an election to supply the vacancy. In
that district the sitting member was elected; but if
from that district be excluded the four towns of
Merrimack county, then the contestant received a
majority of votes. This presents the only ques-
tion in the case. It is simply whether, under the
laws of New Hampshire, the electors resident in
those four towns were entitled to vote.
To my mind, Mr. Speaker, one thing is most
apparent, that there could have been an election in
no other way than by the district, as constituted
by the second districting act, and including the
four towns of Merrimack. Alike the act of Con-
press and the legislation of the State required that
every Representative should be chosen by a dis-
