184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 7,
tyict. But on the 8«h of October, 1850, when the )'
special election wu held, and in September, when ,,
the vacancy occurred, there were no other Con-
gressional districts in the State than those which
were created by the act of July 11, 1850. By
what authority could tl)g electors resident in
Hillsborough and Cheshire counties, exclusively
elect a Representative? Undeniably by virtue of
the first districting act of July 2, 1846, alone.
The civil division, called the Third Congressional
district, was created by thai act; it was supported
by that act, and ceasea to exist when that act was
repealed. A legislative act may be annulled in
two ways—first, by a subsequent enactment wholly
inconsistent with it; and secondly, by words of
express repeal. In both these ways had the act
of July 2, 1846, as to the limits and erection of
Congressional districts, been annulled when the
specml election was ordered and was held. The
b3undar.es of the districts, as arranged by the
second districting act, were inconsistent with those*
limited by the first. Every district was changed.
The second act also expressly repealed whatever
in the first was inconsistent with its provisions.
The minority of the committee, however, contend
that the boundaries of the districts as first formed,
remained, at least, for the purpose of filling va-
cancies; and they argue this from the fact, that
only so much ot the first act was expressly re-
pealed as was inconsistent with the second.
The fact upon which the argument rests is ad-
mitted; but what was there in the first act incon-
sistent with the provisions of the second ? Noth-
ing—absolutely nothing, Mr. Speaker, but the
erection of the districts with designated bounda-
ries. It was that part, and that alone, of the first
act which was repealed. Something clearly was
intended to have been repealed, and if it was not
the formation of the political divisions, the crea-
tion of the districts, it could have been nothing
else, and the repealing clause was inoperative.
No, sir; it is too apparent for any man accus-
tomed to legislative construction, to doubt that (he
qualification of the repealing clause was intended
to save only that part of the first act which pro-
vided for giving notice of the elections, counting,
returning, and certifying the votes; that all the
rest was repealed. The second act went into im-
mediate effect, and from the day of its passage
there were no other Congressional districts in the
Slate of New Hampshire than those formed by
it. J cannot believe that a doubt would be sug-
gested respecting this, did there not seem to be
some incongruity, something inequitable in per-'
mitting one elector to vote for two members of
the same Congress. I shall remark upon this
hereafter. For the present, let it suffice for me to |
say, what I have already hinted, that it is our !
duty, as judges, to inquire what the law is; that '
its unequal operation is not for us to remedy.
Doubtless a State Legislature may so act as to
deprive the people of the State of any representa-
tion ; and it was to guard against a continuance of
such action, that the Constitution vested in Con-
gress the superior, the ultimate power to prescribe
the times, manners, and places of holding the
elections. That power is, however, vested in Con-
gress, not in this House; that power is legislative,
not judicial. Suppose the Legislature had re-
pealed the first districting act without more, and
had formed no other districts, it will hanffly be
denied tliat a fourth Representative could nW have
been chosen by any district.
But let me suppose another case, more apposite
to that under consideration. Had every member
of the New Humpshire delegation resigned on the
day on which Mr Wilson resigned, and thus four
vacancies instead of one have existed, how should
the new elections hare been held ? Every answer
roust be, by the districts as constituted by the sec-
ond districting act. Why? Because the former
districts, being the creatures of law, had ceased to
have any legal existence with the law which gave
them being. But if this is so, then it is conceded
that the districts formed by the first act had ceased,
and continued for no purpose whatever; and no
election to fill a vacancy could have been made ex-
cept by the substituted district—by that organized
by the act of July 11, 1850. If Mr. Morrison is
not entitled to his seat, therefore, no one is.
I have already endeavored to establish the prop-
osition that our duty is to decide in accordance
with the law of New Hampshire. It is, however,
insinuated, if not directly asserted, that a State
Legislature has not the power to change Congres-
sional districts after having once formed them. If |
this is *o, it is strange tlmt the question has not ;
been heretofore made. It is a power which has
been claimed and exercised by many of the States ,
since the act of Congress of June 25, 1842. I do
not know how many there may be, but certainly
the representatives "from Ohio, North Carolina,
Georgia, and one from Pennsylvania, hold their
seats under districting acts which changed the dis-
tricts from those originally formed. No one has j
ever impugned the right of those Representatives
to seats in this House. No one, I think, could ,
successfully do so. It is certainly late in the day '
to deny a right so often asserted, and never hith-
erto questioned. But let us examine. By the
Constitution of the United States the right to pre-
scribe the times, manner, and places of holding
Congressional elections in any State is declared to
be in the State Legislature, but the superior right
to make or alter those regulations is reserved to
Congress. Now, whether the State Legislatures
derive their power from this clause in the Consti-
tution, or whether, as many assert, they possess
it independently, I shall not stop to inquire. It is
immaterial. Until Congress shall act by law it is
complete in the State Legislature. The Constitu-
tion imposes no limits upon its exercise. The
formation of districts by which elections shall be
made is a regulation of the manner of the election.
It surely cannot be pretended that a general power
to legislate upon a subject is exhausted by the first
act of its exercise. The power is general, it is
plenary, it is unlimited. Now, whatis therein the
Constitution which prohibits a prescription of the
manner in which an election shall be held as often
as a Legislature may see fit to prescribe ? What
prevents a prescription of a different mode of hold-
ing an election for every week in the year? What
prevents a substitution of one mode for another at
any time and for any election? Gentlemen will
search in vain for any restriction. I admit that
Congress may by h w take into its own hands the
entire regulation of the manner of holding elections.
It may form districts and declare that they shall
remain immutable during the entire apportion-
ment. Congress may make or alter the regula-
tions at any lime, is the expressed language of the
Constitution; but until that power is exerted it re-
mains equally unlimited in the State Legislatures.
That power never has been exerted, unless the act
of Congress of June 25, 1842, be considered an
user of a part of it. But that act did not execute
itself. It amounted to nothing without the action
of the State Legislatures. It simply enacted that
all elections should be by districts of contiguous
territory, but it left the formation or alteration of
those districts where it was before, in the Legisla-
ture of each State. It did not even provide that
the districts formed should approach equality in
the mimberof resident inhabitants. That was left
to the discretion of the States, and I know of
nothing in the Constitution or in any act of Con-
gress which would invalidate a law by the Legis-
lature of a State entitled to two Representatives
creating one district having ten thousand inhabit-
ants, and another with one hundred and thirty
thousand. There are safeguards against such an
abuse almost equally strong with constitutional
provisions, but they are to be found only in the
sense of justice of the members of the Legislature,
and in their responsibility to their constituencies.
And now, Mr. Speaker, if there be no constitu-
tional limitation upon the power of a State Legis-
lature to prescribe the time, manner, and place of
holding an election at any time, and as often as it
may deem, expedient, why has not the act of the
New Hampshire Legislature, forming new dis-
tricts, the force and effect of law ? Why is it not
controlling upon us as judges? Think you that
this House can set limits to that power which the
Constitution declares to be unlimited ? The validity
of the second arrangement of the districts can only
be denied by adducing some constitutional provis-
ion, restraining the exercise of the general authori-
ty asserted in the 4th section of the 1st article.
I shall not detain the House by remarking upon
the distinction attempted to be made between pre-
scribing the manner of holding a general, and a
special election, or one to fill a vacancy. If there
be any such distinction, it must of course be found
either in the law or in the Constitution. Let those
who assert it show upon what it is founded. The ar-
' gument which I have already submitted is equally
applicable to this attempted distinction. The au-
thority vested in the State Legislature, to prescribe
the manner of holding an election, is a general
power, applicable equally to general and special
elections. Unless its exercise is restrained in some
manner by the Constitution, then the New Hamp-
shire Legislature were warranted in enicting the
second districting act; in making it apply,as it does
in terms, to an election to fill a vacancy, and that
act is obligatory upon the parties to this contest.
Sir, this is the whole case. The act of July 11,
1850, embraced this election—made provision for
it. There was constitutional power to pass it. It
js the law of New Hampshire. It must be the
guide of our decision. It follows that Mr. Morri-
son is entitled to his seat. I might stop here, but
I ask the indulgence of the House while I look at
the views submitted by the contestant, and em-
bodied in the minority report. They are all, as it
seems to me, considerations more appropriate to
be addressed to the New Hampshire Legislature,
than to this House, sitting as a judge of elections.
No serious attempt is made to disprove the as-
serted power of that Legislature to pass the second
districting act, but the constant relies upon its
supposed injustice and inequality. The electors
of Bow, Dunbarton, Hopkinton, and Henniker,
the four Merrimack towns, he says, voted in Mr.
Peaslee's district when lie was elected, and if
allowed to vote at this special election, will be
doubly represented, will nave greater privileges
than other electors of the State. This he regards
as unjust and unequal, and deduces from it that
this House should interpose to prevent the injus-
tice by rejecting the votes of the four towns. Ad-
mit, now, the inequality and injustice as fully as
it is avowed, how can this House remove it? Only
by rejecting the votes of the four towns; and this
is what we are asked to do. But does not every
one see that this would be to make another district
than that which was organized by the New Hamp-
shire Legislature, to deny the validity of the
second districting act, and to infringe upon the
constitutional rights of the State as vested in its
Legislature? Our act would be legislative, not
judicial. For every practical purpose, in effect, we
shouldmakethe district,and "protanto" prescribe
the manner of holding the elgction. It would be
a usurpation of power. Such an appeal, then, as is
made to us by the contestant, is founded upon an
1 entire misconception of the constitutional function
| of this body. We must take the law as we find it,
I and leave to those in whom the authority is vested
the duty of correcting it. No judicial tribunal may
disregard or alter legal enactments. I know, sir,
that no remark is more common and no sentiment
more universal than this: that a judge should do
justice. I assent to its truth; but judicial justice
is the administration of law. The judge who dis-
regards a general law to relieve a particular evil,
injures the whole community ana usurps legis-
lation.
Let me not be understood, Mr. Speaker, as ap-
proving of the policy too prevalent, I fear, of
changing Congressional districts when they have
once been formed. There may doubtless be cases
where redisricting is necessary to do justice, but
these cases will not often occur. A temporary
advantage thus gained by a party, or by individ-
uals, will in most cases be found at last to have
been dearly purchased." But this is alien from the
legitimate consideration of the case before us.
The existence of the power to remodel districts is
one thing; the propriety of its exercise is quite
another.
But I return from this digression. I have sev-
eral observations to make upon the alleged anom-
aly which is urged by the contestant, and upon
wnich he principally rests his case. It is an entire
mistake to assert, that if the votes of the four towns
of Merrimack county be allowed there will be
any double representation, or that the electors of
these towns will be more largely represented than
those of any other portion of the State. It is
absurd to suppose that any member represents
only those by whom he ie chosen. The language
of the Constitution is, "The House of Repre-
sentatives shall be composed of members chosen by
theStates." Certain personsaremadetheagentsof
the people for effecting that choice. But the extent
of the representative trust is. not measured by the
number of those who are the agents in the election
of the representative. No matter how limited or
enlarged may be the elective franchise, each is
