J851.
THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
i
the representative of the entire people in the State.
True, they are elected by districts, but the division
•of the State into districts is a regulation of the
mode of election, and not of the extent of repre-
sentation. Each person in the State of New
Hampshire is represented by four members of this
House. The assertion, therefore, that these towns
are doubly represented in any greater degree than
other towns in any part of the State, rests upon
a misapprehension of what is meant by represent-
ation. Equally fallacious is the assertion of double
representation, if the idea of the contestant be
correct, that each member of this House repre-
sents only a Congressional district. How will the
case then stand ? Why, the instant that by the act
of July, 1850, the second districting act, these
four towns were severed from that territorial di-
vision, from that district by which Mr. Peaslee
was chosen, he ceased to be their representative,
and they were represented, if at all, by Mr. Wil-
Bon. The injustice, therefore, which arises from
this supposed double representation has no exist-
ence. It is unmeaning sound—" vox et preterea
nihil." After all, the whole matter comes to this,
that those .electors resident in the towns of Bow,
Dunbarton, Hopkinton, and Henniker, may have
voted at the election when Mr. Peaslee was chosen,
and again at the special election in another dis-
trict—-that they were allowed to vote twice. W ell,
what then ? Does this fact tend to prove that the
law did not authorize it? It might have been a
reason against making the law, but it certainly
does not disprove its existence. Had this result
been directly intended, it is not easy to perceive
that it would have beat of any consequence. May
not a State, by its constitution and Legislature,
authoritatively and constitutionally give some
electors a right to vote twice, and deny it to others?
If I am correctly informed, a man may vote in
Virginia in as many Congressional districts as
there are in which he holds land. Can this House j
refuse to recognize such a right? It will never ,
answer to assert, that even under the district sys- !
tem a man'may not vote twice for a member of the
same Congress in different districts. It is of con-
stant occurrence. Had the second districting act
never been passed, every elector who resided in
the four towns, Bow, Dunbarton, Hopkinton,
and Henniker, might have voted at the special
election in October last, in Hillsborough or Ches-
hire counties, without question. They had but
to remove from one county to the other. & In that
case, as now, they would have voted for two
members of the same Congress. The elections
are not held on the same day in different Stales.
Who does not know that it is no unusual thing
for an elector, after having voted in one State for
a Representative to this House, to remove to
another, acquire citizenship, and vote for another
member of the same Congress? Citizenship is
acquired in most of the States by residence of one
year; in several, by a residence of six months.
The Congressional election^ for the Thirty-second
Congress, were held in Missouri last August. |
In other States they will not be held until next
November. What is to prevent those who voted j
in Missouri last August, from voting again for >
another member of the same Congress in many of
the States of this Union? Who has ever com-
plained of this possibility- ? Who has ever doubted
its legality, or thought it such an evil as to require
legislative interference? Much more, sir; who
has ever supposed that this House, as a judicial
tribunal, could reject votes thus given in accord-
ance with the legislation of the States ? Then, sir,
the fact that certain electors have voted for two
members of this Congress, is no evidence of ille-
gality nor injustice. What, then, is the objection ?
Do you object that certain towns have been per-
mitted to vote twice? Let me ask you, is it the
town which votes, is it the land, or the living,
the thinking agent—the elector? Congressional
districts are territorial districts, it is true; but they
are formed for the purpose of associating a num-
ber of individual voters. It ia not easy to dis-
tinguish, in principle, between the ease of one
hundred persons voting twice, who reside in as
many different towns, and one hundred persons
who reside in the same town. If it is unjust or
illegal in one case, it is equally so in the other.
The inequality is in both cases the same. Mr.
Speaker, this is the principal foundation upon
wnich the contestant relies. This is the great
injustice of which he complains. Is.it too much
for-me to say, that however it may be regarded
upon first«niggestion, it loses all its worth when
carefully scrutinized ? I dismiss its consideration.
In no aspect of the case is it material. I have
only discussed it to show that the law of New
Hampshire is not justly chargeable with that
singularity, with that want of equity, which the
contestant has attributed to it.
The House will now, I trust, pardon me for in-
viting their attention to a supposition mcCde by the
contestant, and which he seems to consider im-
portant. It is, that the Legislature of New Hamp-
shire might have so altered the districts, and
| changed their numbers, as to.render it impossible
to determine to which a writ of election should be
sent to fill a vacancy, and therefore, he argues, that
the power to re-district does not exist. In other
1 words, the argument is, that because such a power
might be abused or injudiciously exerted, there-
fore it has not been granted. This, however, is a
most untenable position. I freely admit the pos-
sibility of an abusive exercise of the power. Very
true, the districts might have been so arranged as
to throw equal portions of Hillsborough and
j Cheshire counties into the other districts; but what
of that? Why, at most, the vacancy could not
have been filled. Yet no one will deny that the
j action of a State Legislature may be such as to
( deprive the people of the State of all representa-
| tion. As already remarked, it was to guard against
such a contingency that the superior power was
vested in Congress to make the necessary regula-
tions. If the right to alter the districts at all be
denied, because it involves the right to alter them
in such a manner as to defeat any election, the de-
nial amounts to the assertion of the strange prin-
ciple that there can be no power which is liable to
be perverted. Look to the operation of this prin-
ciple in other things. The Constitution expressly
asserts the power of the State Legislatures to pre-
scribe the times and places of holding elections.
Suppose a State should fix the time between one
and two o'clock in the morning of January first
of each year. It would be extremely inconvenient;
it would be an abuse. But do you say, therefore,
that there exists no right to prescribe the time?
The New Hampshire Legislature might enact that
every elector in the State should deposit his vote
on the day of election at the Notch House in the
White Mountains. It would be a great outrage,
all would admit; but who would contend,from this,
that the Legislature had no right to prescribe the
place atwhich an election should beheld ? Thecon-
venience of the people, whose the State Legislatures
are, and their regard for what is right, are in gen-
eral sufficient safeguards against such abuses. But
it is not necessary for us to determine upon sup-
posed cases. No allegation is made in this contest
that the Governor's precept was sent to the wrong
district, if the enactment of July II, 1850, the sec-
ond districting act, has the force of law, and
reaches the case of a special election.
I have thus, Mr. Speaker, presented the whole
case now before us for adjudication, and noticed
each of the positions which the contestant as-
sumes. It has been seen that the results to which
I havemme are, that the election was held in ac-
cordant with the existing laws of New Hamp-
shire; that Mr. Morrison was elected; and that he
is entitled to the seat which he holds. No one
can reach a different conclusion unless he loses
sight of the cardinal principle that this House now
sits simply as a judicial tribunal. I have already
endeavored to impress that truth upon the House,
and I .have no fears that it can be successfully con-
troverted. As such a tribunal, the laws of New
Hampshire must be its rales of decision, and no
discretion can set them aside. Such has been the
uniformly recognized doctrine in past cases. In the
first Congress, in the case of Ramsey and Smith,
the first case of contested election for a Represent-
ative in this House—a contest from South Caro-
lina—Mr. Madison, one of the framers of the
Constitution, u&ed this language: " 1 take it to be
a clear point that we are to be guided in our decis-
ion by the laws and constitution of South Caro-
lina. " How could a Madison approve any con-
trary doctrine?
Mr. Speaker, I have dwelt longer upon this case
than to many may appear necessary. It has not
been, however, for the mere love of speaking.
True, the question to be adjudicated is, in my
mind, free from difficulty; but the principles upon
which it is to tie decided, reach beyond the mere
determination of this ease. The attempt to give
the seat to the contestant is founded upon the as-
sertion implied, and, indeed, partly expressed, that
there exists in this House a discretion paramount
to State rights, to the constitutional legislation of
New Hampshire; tha^his House can correct
whatever they may thimt indiscreet, or unfair, in
the legislative action of a sovereign State. To
such a doctrine I can never yield my assent. The
: rights of the States, the rights of Congress, and
| the rights of this House, are distinctly defined by
j the Constitution. These rights are harmonious.
I When this House shall assert others than those
granted to it, the Constitution becomes a differ-
ent thing from that which the people of the Uni-
J ted States adopted, and the reserved sovereignty
of the States is impaired. Let me say, sir, that
| unwarranted interference with the election laws of
: the States is preeminently odious. When the Con-
stitution was adopted, no one provision in it was
more obnoxious to the people of the States than
the clause which authorized Congress, in any
event, to interfere and make, or alter by law, the
regulations of the State Legislatures respecting
; the time, manner, and places of holding the elec-
tions for representatives in this House. More
than half of the States whioh originally came into
| the Union objected to this provision, and proposed
I that the Constitution should be amended by stri-
■ king from it this power to regulate elections.
Among these weretne States of New Hampshire,
New York, Massachusetts, Virginia, North Car-
olina, and South Carolina. There were large mi-
norities in other States of the same opinion. This
opposition was against the power conferred upon
Congress—upon the three divisions of the legislative
power. How much more objectionable would it
be if exercised by this HousetUone,and exercised,
too, without any constitutional .authority! Sir, I
will never agree that the vested constitutional
rights of the States may be usuiped by this House,
and that under the name of discretion, which in
this case is another word for unfettered despotism,
we may retrospectively determine the time, man-
ner, and place of holding an election. In this as-
pect, this case is of more importance to the Con-
stitution and the States than it is to the parties,
and it deserves, as I trust it will receive, the care-
ful consideration and the judicious action of every
member of this House.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, aaid: If I wn
get the attention of the House, I will promise not
to detain them for a very long time, in saying what
I have to say upon this subject. I will not pre-
tend to follow the gentleman who last addressed,
the House, in what 1 think is a very ingenious
course of reasoning to come to the wrong conclu-
sion on this matter. A direct, plain, straight-for-
ward view of this case, is all that I consider neces-
sary, to enable the House, in its judicial capacity,
or in whatever position it chooses to consider
itself, in coming to the right conclusion.
The facts of the case, as far as I think necessary
to allude to them, are these: In 1846 the State of
New Hampshire laid off itself into four Congres-
sional districts. They afterwards, after the elec-
tion of members to the Thirty-first Congress, re-
districted the State; under which arrangement the,
members to the Thirty-first Congress were to be
elected. General Wilson, who was elected before
the State was rediatrieted, resigned, and an elec-
tion was held for a member to fill his place, not
from the district from which he was elected, but
from a different district.
Now, sir, the question arises, could a member
be elected to fill the. vacancy in this original dis-
trict, from another district? I think not. Nor
could the fact that General Wilson's resignation
was contemplated, as the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Strong] has intimated, when the State
was redistricted, regulate or govern the case, in
this point, at all. Now, sir, I will not pretend to
follow the gentleman in all he has said in relation
to this matter. 1 will only allude to one or two
points which are, to me, matters of great doubt.
Under the Constitution of the United States,
Congress has the power to prescribe the time,
flace, and the manner of choosing representatives,
t had the power, but did not exercise it until
1842. At that time Congress passed an act pro-
viding that the States should be divided into dis-
tricts, the territory of which should be contiguous.
That act is well remembered; there is an allusion
to its terms in the report of the minority. That
