im
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 7,
set is well remembered, if for no other reason, be-
cause it was signed by John Tyler, who was then
President of the United States. He signed the
bill, but signed it under protest, because it came in
contact with his notions of State rights. He stated
theact to be mandatory in ks terms—that Congress
did not do the thing itselfpaut it commanded the
States to do it; which he denied that Congress had
any power to do. He signed it under protest, but
signed it, nevertheless, and it consequently went
into operation. Now, admitting all that, he says
before Congress exercised this power by the pas-
sage of the act of 1842, that each State had the
power to regulate the time and place and manner
of election. Still the act of 1842 was manda-
tory in its terms—it said nothing about State
rights.
I appeal to any gentleman of legal reading and
ability to say whether, after a State has made an
election under the law—had conformed to all the
requirements of the law—she was not estopped by
that very action. They have acted, and after they
have acted in the matter, the thing is settled; it is
a fact accomplished, the State is committed, the
trust executed, and her power for the time and
purpose exhausted.
After this act of Congress was passed, Virginia
and Maryland, and several other States, delayed
for some time to comply with its provisions; but
as the act was mandatory merely in its injunctions,
the States all in the course of time complied with
it, and were divided into districts made up of con-
tiguous territory. When the States are once dis-
tricted, 1 doubt whether they ean again be districted
until the next enumeration of the inhabitants,
which is to take place every ten years. I think
it is evident that this redistricting cannot be done,
when this act of Congress is taken in connection
with the enumeration of inhabitants; these two
facts go hand in hand; and when the districts are
once fixed, no State can repeal and change at pleas-
ure the act by which it was districted. Suppose
Congress, instead of directing the several States to
apportion themselves into districts, had laid out
the districts—as all admitit had the power to do—
would the States have had the power of repealing -
or changing those districts in that case ? Of course ,
not. I can see but very little difference, whether
Congress apportioned the districts, or whether it ,
directed the States to apportion them, and I think
it is a case of extreme doubt whether, in such
case, the States have the right to change those
districts after they have once been organized.
A party in law having the option to elect to obey
or disobey, or to choose, when it does act is bound by
that action or choice. The Slates, in accordance
with the act of Congress of 1842, districted and
elected, and chose so to do. Can they, until the
expiration of the decennary time for enumeration
and fixing the number and votes of representatives,
redistrict? If the act is only mandatory, or rather
commendatory to the States, and as depositories of
the power and trust, they do act, is not such action
de facto good and conclusive ? Is it not, like the ex-
ecution of voidable process, binding when executed
and done, especially if by the consent and concur-
rence of the party to be bound ? The districting
done under and by virtue of the act of 1842, when
done, should in policy, and I think by law, be
adjudged final ana conclusive for the ten years.
Mr. SWEETSER. 1 am glad that the gentle-
man puts the case as he does. I will say of the
districting in Ohio, that in 1842-'3 the districting
was made by the Democratic party. Afterwards
the Whig party came into power, for the first time
in the history of the country. They redistricted
the State for Congressional purposes, and members
now having seats upon this floor, hold them by
virtue of the redistricting of that State.
Mr. THOMPSON, (resuming.) I did-notgive ;
way for the gentlemen to make a speech. In ref-
erence to the case referred to by the gentleman in
his own State, I do not know what may have
been the state of parties there. Whether they
were Whigs or Democrats makes no difference to 1
me. If Ohio has done wrong in relation to this
matter of districting, or any other State, this should
be no reason for our pursuing the same course.
Malus usu> abolendus est. I do not think that Ohio,
from her history in election matters, is to set up
for a paragon or patron for imitation, or furnishing
a valid precedent for anything in matters of this ,
kind. j
Mr. Speaker, passing from this, and leaving it J
for the present, let 'me come to so much of the
gentleman's speech as I do not considenirrelevant
altogether and wholly foreign to the merits of this
I case. He talks about this matter as if the rights
of the people were not to be regarded, and as if
these rights that are claimed were onerous and
tyrannical; and when we come up to try this awe,
we are to come up with our arms bound by some
iron technical interpretation of the law, that au-
thorizes him to hold the seat who shall receive a
majority of the votes cast in another district from
the one vacant and unrepresented by death, or, as
in this case, by resignation.
Now, sir, I will make one or two remarks in
reference to the law. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Strong] makes the assertion—and
I will venture to say that no other man in this
House will say it—that when the act of 1846
was passed redistricting the State, it was in con-
templation by the Legislature that this state of
things which we see here was to be produced
under it. It is true that the act was passed before
Genera] Wilson resigned, but it was not supposed
that he would resign. That event was not con-
templated by the Legislature at the time. It was
( a matter entirely unforeseen and unthought-of.
We know historically the districting was made to
affect the next general election for Congress; not
any special election to fill a vacancy. The redis-
tricting act was had and contrived, to give in the
next (the Thirty-second) Congress to the Demo-
crats of New Hampshire a larger portion of the
delegation in Congress. By an accident, it may
be said, a fish has-run into the trap it was never
set for. That the verbiage of the act is broad
enough to cover the case, " Nulla expositio fidere-
do est contra verba," in utter disregard of the spirit,
intent, and history of the act, is relied upon. Qui
haeret in litera hceret in cortice; and no such twisted
and perverted construction should be given as to
wring from the rightful parties their elective fran-
chise. Give us the honest intention of the parties
by whom the act was passed. The act was never
intended to have the effect of gerrymandering the
districts, at least for the present Congress.
I must say that it does not strike my moral
sense as being right, that the people in these towns,
who have voted for Mr. Peaslee once, and who
have him here representing them, should also vote
in another district. I can tell my friend from Vir-
ginia that they may have turned the balance, when
Mr. Peaslee was elected, and have got a member
here now to represent them elected by them, and
then comes the act of the Legislature and says,
we will put you in another district, and now they
have controlled this election also.
Now, the gentleman says that there may be an
appearance of a want of equity. Well, if that is
the appearance, what the actual right would be, I ,
can hardly tell. [Laughter.] But let me ask
you, gentlemen, to look at this thing—at its gross
injustice. Suppose the district had been divided
into four parts, which part of the district would
have elected a member to Congress? or would all
of them have done so ? It would be absurd to sup-
pose that anything of the kind could be enter-
tained. If a district were thus apportioned each
district would be entitled to send a Repre^Blative
without any interference on the part of any of the
other districts.
Each fourth could not by itself, or with its ad-
junct from other districts already represented, send
each a member here—the ratio of representation
forbids—the rights of others forbid. You cannot
say the Executive should send his precept o£ elec-
tion to that fraction or fourth retaining the name
of the first, second, or third district. Because the
affixing a number to the district is arbitrary, and
in breaking up and partitioning a district into one
or two parts, either may be numerically designated
or known by the number of the'old district. If the
writ goes to the district by number, the vacant
may have no member here for whom they voted;
or if it goes only to a fraction of the old, the rest
of it is deprived of the privilege of voting for a
member here altogether. Every absurd conclu-
sion is, however, avoided by so construing the
law as to allow the vacant district, in the stead
and place of their lost member, to elect another.
Now, gentlemen, I promised not to detain you,
and I will come up to what is the real and correct
understanding and proper sense in relation to this
thing. I will look at it in a legal point of view.
I will not, with extreme elaboration undertake to
point out what is the law, what are the constitu-
tional requisitions in reference to this thing.
The only provision that we have in reference to
a matter of this sort, is in these words:
" WJien vacancies occur in the representation from any
State, the Executive authority thereof shall issue writs of
election to fill such vacancies."
Now, a vacancy happened from the State of
New Hampshire. Under the law and under
the Constitution, who was to make the election?
The Executive of the State was to issue his writ
of election to fill the vacancy. The Speaker of
this House, as a matter of comity, advises the
: Executive, when a member of a State dies, of the
vacancy in the representation of that State, and
the Executive issues his writ of election.
Now, when the Executive comes to issue his
writ of election to fill the vacancy, where should
that writ have gone ? Where was that vacancy
which he was to fill? He was to issue a writ of
election to fill the vacant place occasioned by the
resignation of General Wilson. Men who, under
the laws and Constitution of the Union, were
entitled to a representative here, were unrepre-
sented . Their voice and their vote were.dead and
still and hushed here. That was the place that
was vacant; vacant, whether you take the word
in its legal, or in its philosophical sense.
General Wilson's desk was vacant, vacant, void
of a representative by his removal or resignation.
What, then, was to be filled up ? That vacancy,
that vacuum, was to be filled, and the Executive
was to issue his writ for that purpose. To whom
was the writ to be sent? To the people who
elected General Wilson, and who were to fill up
the vacancy with another man. The Executive
of New Hampshire, acting, no doubt, according
to his views of what was right and proper, issued
a writ, not to fill up Wilson's seat—which was
vacant—but he issued a writ to take in four more
towns, although there was no vacancy, so far aa
they were concerned.
There was no vacancy in the representation of
New Hampshire, except that occasioned by Gen-
eral Wilson's resignation. Who were to fill up
his place? The people who sent him here were
entitled to elect a man to fill up the vacancy.
Under the law and Constitution it was so to be
filled, by putting in the same place, another indi-
vidual by a different district. -1 put it to any man,
how do you fill^ such a vacancy ? By putting in
another man with the same powers and privi-
leges.
The Governor of New Hampshire did not do
that, but he sent it to an entirely different district
to that by which Wilson was elected. The con-
testant had a majority-of about two hundred votes
without those four towns; but afterwards these
four towns reduced that majority to a minority of
forty-three. The contestant comes here to supply
Wilson's place; he has a majority of votes of over
two hundred, and yet the Governor does not re-
turn him, because four towns that were not repre-
sented by General Wilson, voted in the election,
and turned the balance against him. I contend
that the contestant is rightfully and correctly
elected to the district rendered vacant by General
Wilson's resignation, and that we should let him
take his seat, and allow his opponent to return
Rome. As to so much of the gentleman's argu-
ment as relates to the right of States to settle these
things, I have nothing to say in reference to State
rights, and shall not enter now into any discussion
on this point. There is another thing to be con-
sidered in this case." I believe there is no prece-
dent here; but, as Lord Mansfield said in a cele-
brated case, when he wanted to establish the jus-
tice of a principle, " this is a good time to niake
one."
| It will not change the complexion of the House;
neither party will suffer by it. It will manifest to
the country and voters everywhere that we do not
like this rotten-borough system. The representa-
tion of classes, and towns, and parties, cannot be
silently allowed thus.
That is the case, gentlemen, and I have no more
to submit in reference to it. I hope the House will
examine the subject thoroughly; look at it in all
positions; and I am satisfied, if such an investiga-
tion takes place as it deserves, that it will be seen
that the contestant had really a majority in the dis-
trict, which was vacant by the resignation of Gen-
eral Wilson, and that he ought to be permitted to
take his seat.
