1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
187
Mi TTCK au<!: I know the Mnnitgt un-
itt *rk ch uy mas will *p«vk who follows the
nnfMii and «b(* mulniws from Kentucky, [Mr.
Tm-■  •*,) and l f*et that it borden somewhat
•pea MdMtM for me to attempt u> add anything
t  what he haa Mid. Neverlhelesa there are
a tvcu of (W question which may be differently
ftimttj by ditfereni centlemen, and I propose
t.> (Iriaiu the liouae a short tune with those views
whvh !u ve struck niY own mind with the §r«at-
«t f.vre*.
Ti> a correct understanding of the merits of the
ease oitdtr ramidtntHin, it will be proper to set
forth the materia! facts upon which it arises, ami
which are agreed upon by the parties. They are
the fallowing;:
The act of Congress of June 25, 1843, provides
that—
*■ Af*e  tfc* 3d Aajr at March, IMS, tb* lew ot Kepre-
■Mitm (halt he ranpnwrf or wMm eiraed acmakty
is a nm of ow ItrfKmsun for each !iM#l ptf«w id
nrk ■•<«*[*, Ml «f «w aikbtxml Irprii—Wiv  Me each
kaiuf a tatMa (ream Utaa mae nomji of the «aiil
rano, etmfxitrd acconhne H> tkc rale pmrnhni by dw
I'nudneui at fee 1'bw Stales "
In the «erad section thereof, said act also pro-
vides that—
" la rrrry case a Stale i  n8M lo smh* than
ame lti|«niii aliim Hi aaaaber to irtitk each SBIf is ca-
nned aade* ttasayportKiaairat, Ml he riMri ky dHtneta
comnwrf or' nmnsia Kmwif, <qnl ia mamber to the
aamhtr of lt|mraiuim tu which Mud Stale may be en-
Dtir4, an eae luntl ilwlm SMee thaa om Krpreaenta-
B*e. "*
The State of New Hampshire first complied
with this direction of Coapras, by the act of ber
Legislature, approved the 3d day of July, 1846,
by which the counties of Rockingham and Straf-
ford were made to constitute the fist Congressional
district; the counties of Merrimack, Belknap, and
Carroll, the second: the counties of Hillsborough
and Cheshire, the third; and the counties of Sulli-
van. Grafton, and Coos, the fourth.
Agreeably to this division of districts, the mem-
bers of the Thirtieth Congress were chosen, and
also the members of the Thirty-first Congress;
which latter were chosen on the second Tuesday
of March, 1849, at which lime the honorable
James Wliaon was elected from the Third district.
On the 11th day of July, 1850, the Legislature
of New Hampshire passed an act, redisricting
the State for the choice of members of Congress,
by which, anions; other things, the counties of
Hillsborough and Cheshire, together with the
towns of Bow, Dun barton, Henniker, and Hop-
kinton, in the county of Merrimack, (before that
time a part of the Second district,) were made to
constitute the Third district; the counties of Rock-
ingham and Strafford, together with the towns of
Wakefield, Brookfield, W olfboroush, and Tufton-
bnrough, in the county of Carroll, (before that
time a part of the Second district,) should consti-
tute the Finn district.
On the 9th of September, 1850, the Hon. James
Wilson reasoned his seat as a member from the
Third Congressional district, and the Speaker of
this House subsequently notified the Executive of
the State of the vacancy. The Governor issued
his precepts for an election to fill the vacancy be-
fore mentioned, to be held on the 8th of October,
1850; and he issued his precepts not only to the
towns constituting the district which General Wil-
son represented, but also to the towns of Bow,
Dunbarton, Henniker, and Hopkinton, (now rep-
resented by General Peah.ee,) which were an-
nexed to the Third district by the act of July, 1850.
If the district made vacant by the resignation of
General Wilson, have a right to fill the vacancy,
then Jared Perkins is entitled to his seat, having,
in that district, received a majority of two hundred
and forty-three votes over all others. If, on the
other hand, the votes polled in the towns last men-
boned are to be counted with the votes polled in
Wilaon's district, then George W. Morrison has
a majority of sixty-three votes, and is entitled to
the sent he occupies.
In examining this ease, it would seem appro-
priate for fair-minded men first to inquire into its
equitable merits, and ascertain, if possible, on
which side right and justice lie. If it could be
shown at the outset that one or the other of the
parties immediately interested was manifestly sus-
tained by the elementary principles of republican-
ism and simple justice, it would be discreditable to
the Constitution and laws of the country to admit
that we are compelled by them to violate the right
and uphold the wrong. I do not hold the Consti-
tution or the laws in such low estimation as to be-
lieve that we should ever find ourselves in such a
situation. The Constitution, by making this H ouse
judge of the election of its own members, has not
only authorised us, but made it our duty, to de-
cide the claims of contestants for seats according
to Ihe principles of the Constitution and of com-
mon justice. Where, then, does justice lie in this
case: 1 answer, that I have not yet heard of the
man, in New Hampshire or out of it, who was
bold enough, after fairly statin; the case, to deny
that it was manifestly on the side of the contestant.
I do not understand the honorable gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Strong] as denying this mani-
fest fart; and 1 venture to assert, that in all we
shall hear him say in cloaing this debate, he will
not, as an impartial man, capable of discerning
the truth, and bound to sanction the ri ht wherever
found, indorse the equity of the claim made by
the sitting member. No, I am confident he can-
not do this. He feels bound by what he regards
as the letter of the law, and, I have no doubt, feels
reluctant to indorse an injustice for the sake of
observing the statute. The simple question is
this: Shall the people who lose their Representa-
tive, by death or resignation, be permitted to
choose another to stand in his place? Is it just
that they should have this privilege' If so, Jared
Perkins, chosen by the people who lost their Rep-
resentative when General Wilson resigned, has a
right this day to take his sent. He was chosen
by a handsome majority by the same constituency
who, on the 9th of September, censed to have a
Representative upon this floor. Is it just that the
inhabitants of four towns. Bow, Dunbarton, Hen-
niker, and Hopkinton, who already have one Rep-
resentative, chosen in part bv themselves, vizr
Hon. Charles H. Pmilii, should be permitted
to elect another Representative for another con-
stituency? If not just, thenGeorgeW. Morrison,
the sitting member, is not authorized to retain his
seat. The equity of the case is apparent from the
bare statement. Now, let us inquire whether we
have authority to do the justice that is manifest
to j .
Bv a just construction of the districting act of
the New Hampshire Legislature of July, 1850, it
cannot be held that, as regards the representation
of the existing districts in the present Congress,
the districting law of 1846 was repealed. Congress
was in session, and the members from the several
districts had long been in the enjoyment of their
seats, with certificates stating that they had been
elected by the several districts as members of Con-
press, for and during the Thirty-first Congress.
No vacancy was expected to occur, and it was not
in the contemplation of any person to provide any
enactment to affect the representation as it then
existed, or the rights of representation of the dis-
tricts as they then existed, during the present Con-
gress. The terms of the act are, in the body of it,
to provide for the election of members of Congress;
and nothing is contained in the act regarding any
vacancy, or any method of procedure, should a
vacancy happen. The absence of a provision for
an eleMpn in ease of a vacancy, is a singular fea-
ture ii^ffie law of 1850; and unless resort is had
to the districting of 1846, which is said to be re-
pealed, there is no authority for the Governor, ex-
cept under the Constitution of the United States,
to issue his precept to fill this vacancy. The law
of 1846 is repealed by the act of 1850 only so far
as the former is inconsistent with the provisions
of the latter. But the method of filling vacancies
under the districting of 1846 is not inconsistent
with any provision of the act of 1850, which says
nothing whatever about vacancies.
But if there could be any doubt about this point,
it was removed by the fact that the parties, who
were both members of the Legislature of 1850,
had agreed before the committee, that a vacancy
was not in the contemplation of that body, at the
time it was passed. Had it been proposed to in-
terfere with the present representation of the dis-
tricts, for the remainder of this Congress, there was
not a partisan, so run-mad in his zeal, as to sanc-
tion such an injustice.
But I confidently assume the position, that the
districting law of 1846, under which General Wil-
son, and the rest of the New Hampshire delegation
were elected members of the Thirty-first Congress,
is absolutely irrepealable, quoad this Congress.
That act was functtu qffleio—ft had performed its
purpose; the several districts had legally assem-
bled, agreeably toils provisions,and had perfected
their representation for one Congress. The act
determining the representation haa been done by
virtue of an existing law, and (hat law could not
be so repealed, as to tnJp away, modify, or affect
the representation of tne several districts during
the period for which they had legally made an
election. If a.State Legislature pass an act au-
thorizing a district,municipal corporation, or pri-
vate individuals, to do an act, and the act be done,
agreeably to the terms of the law which authorize
it, the rights acquired under it, and the interests of
all parties concerned have passed beyond legisla-
tive power; the act may be repented1, but not so ns
to lessen the privileges, or takeaway the titles that
may have nassed, or been acquired under it. This
is law and sound common sense, all the world
over, and has received too manv sanctions b) the
highest judicial tribunals in tfie country, to be
called in question at this late day, and it is certain-
ly not to be disregarded in this Hall.
The erroneous notions of the chairman of the
committee [Mr. Strong], as to the purport of the
word, vacancy, have led him into many devious,
strange, and unsafe paths, in regard to this ques-
tion. He regards a vacancy as n mere diminution
of the number of representatives to which a State
is entitled, and he deduces from this assumption
the doctrine, that it matters not how the vacancy
be filled, so that the full complement of the State
is restored. The chairman says, in his report,
that " each representative is the representative of
the entire people of a State."
There is a sense, I know, in which a repre-
sentative is the representative of his State, and of
his country; but the assertion that he is not espe-
cially and particularly the representative of the
district which elected him is untenable because it
is untrue. When the representatives of a 8tate
were elected on a common ticket, by all the voters
of the State, then each representative was a repre-
sentativeof the whole people ofthe State. But under
the practice of districting, agreeably to a law of
Congress directing it to be done, each member is
the representative of his district. The terms repre-
sentative and constituent are correlative. A mem-
ber of this House is the representative of his
constituents—of the men who voted for him, and
constituted him their representative.
What, then, is a vacancy ? It is the fact that a
portion of the people are unrepresented. When
a member resigns his seat, that portion of the peo-
ple whose representative he was, have lost their
power of being heajd upon this floor, and are en-
titled, by the Constitution, to have it restored. In
order to ascertain who ought to participate in an
election to fill a vacancy, it is only necessary to
inquire what constituency the late member repre-
sented. There is in this case a vacancy in the
representation of that portion of the people who
chose General Wilson to serve them during the
whole of this Congress; and when you have found
that subdivision of the State which sent him here,
you have found where the people reside who are
not heard in this House, and who, in the person
of the contestant, demand their constitutional
rights at your hands. If you refuse him" admit-
tance, you refuse to allow the people to be repre-
sented. Nature abhors a vacuum in space, and
republicanism abhors a vacuum in popular repre-
sentation. Taxation without representation, was
an assumption, the opposition to which led our
fathers into a war that lasted eight years, and li«s
been called glorious. They were careful to pro-
vide against the maxim they abhorred, in the Con-
stitution of their adoption; and it is to be hoped
that we shall not repudiate the sentiments which
they defended at so much cost, and cherished with
so much affection.
This was an election to fill a vacancy. But there
was no vacancy in district No. 3, as constituted
by the act of 1850. The portion of the district
which makes up Mr. Morrison's majority, already
havea Representative, electedin part by their own
votes. That Representative is my colleague, Gen-
eral Peailee. Let us see whether this double
representation is lawful, and whether it is repub-
lican.
The act of Congress of June, 1842, expressly
enacts, that no one district shall elect more than one
representative. What an unheard-of doctrine to
advocate here, that the same people shall elect two
representatives to serve them at the same time, in
