190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 8,
subject may supersede the laws of a State; they
could not, however, supersede the Constitution.
Congress would hare to regard the people of the
State as one body of voters, and the delegation as
one body of Representatives; and each voter would
have the right to place as many names on his
ticket as there were Representative* to be elected.
Why should a greater power have been given to
Congress in needless derogation of the internal lo-
cal authority of the State? The body which framed
the Constitution and the bodies that ratified it, all, to
a man, agreed that the only reason for giving
Congress any power at all, was that a State might
refuse to provide election laws, and thus put an
end to the Government. The power (said Mr.
Hamilton) was for self-preservation; and to en-
able the people of a State to vote when the State
Legislature should refuse or neglect to provide for
the purpose. The power, as explained, is all-suf-
ficient for these objects. Why go further than the
necessity which created the power ?
But it is strangely contended that Congress can
go into a State, distribute, and localize suffrage,
apportion Representatives among districts, deter-
mine the basis of apportionment, whether it
shall rest upon voters or population; or upon
white population, or free population white and
black; or upon white and black population bond or
free, or upon any other basis. Why, sir, these
are matters of substance, of vital substance; not of
manner or form. They involve the permanent con-
dition of fundamental rights in a State. They do
not amount to a mere transaction or protest, refera-
ble to " times" and " places;"as the first Monday
in the month and a cross-roads.
Why, sir, it is matter of fundamental interest
with the people of a State whether their Represent-
atives shall, as a joint body, represent the aggre-
gate majority of the State, in this body as in the
Senate; or whether they shall act as independent
persons, and thus divide the power and influence
of the State in Federal legislation. Who shall de-
termine this matter for a State but the people of
the State ?
Now, sir, consider the absurdity of predicating
" times" and •' places" of the permanent condi-
tion of the rights and franchises I have enumer-
ated. The time and place of divided suffrage,
the time and place of apportioned representation,
the time and place of the white basis, or the free
basis, or the mixed basis, or any other basis. The
time and place of representation by an aggregate
majority and joint representation, or local ma-
jorities and divided representation. How prepos-
terous would this language be. And yet such must
be the language of those who maintain that the
words " holding elections," includes these things,
for these words are, by the Constitution, referred
to " times and places. '
Sir, the language of the Constitution refers to
the election of Senators as well as Representatives;
and if that language authorizes you to divide the
electors of Representatives, how is it that it does
not authorize you to divide the electors of Sena-
tore ? If you can district the people, why not dis-
trict a Legislature—give to one body the election
of one Senator, to the other, the other Senator?
and thus cause a State to be represented in the
other end of this Capitol by separate majorities,
instead of an aggregate majority, thereby dividing
the power of a State in the Senate ?
Now, sir, in relation to the case before the com-
mittee the use I make of the argument submitted,
is this: If Congress cannot district a State, it can-
not control a State in districting itself. If Congress
cannot determine and regulate the internal rights
of the people of a State, it cannot interfere with
State laws enacted for that purpose. If the power
of regulating these matters belong to a State, it is
no business of ours how that power is used by the
State. If the State laws interfere with no provis-
ion of the Constitution, and no law of Congress
passed in pursuance of that Constitution, it is our
duty to observe them, however capricious, or how-
ever unjust to a portion of the people of the State.
It is incompetent for Congress or this House, or
any other House, to pronounce an act of a Legis-
lature fraudulent. It would be a species of judi-
cature unknown to political or legal science. A
law of a State may be unconstitutional and void,
but cannot be pronounced fraudulent. Fraud
can onlv be predicated of those who execute or
violate law.
; There is no serious grievance involved in the |;
question before the committee. I will venture to
say, so enormous a power was never claimed upon
so pitiful a pretext. There is nothing so con-
temptible in legislation as to attempt to provide for
every petty inconvenience, to attempt to keep an
exact account in equity between the Government
and laws, and every individual in the community.
What great matter is it, that a handful of people
have voted twice instead of once, in reference to a
brief term of office, and under an unforeseen con-
tingency.
lii using the word "unfair" in relation to the
law of New Hampshire, 1 spoke of the operation
of the law, and not of any supposed purpose in
the mind of the Legislature. Doubtless, the Legis-
lature did not foresee its contingent operation.
How could they ? I have looked carefully at the
language of the act, to see if it would admit of a
construction that would exempt this special elec-
tion from its operation. But the language is ex-
press and unequivocal; and to give it such a con-
struction, would be to take a most unwarrantable
and dangerous liberty with the tarms of a public
document.
Mr. HIBBARD obtained the floor, but yielded
it to
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, on whose
motion the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, flee.
The folktwinc memorials and petitions were presented
under the rule, and referred to appropriate committees:
By Mr. DOTY: The petition of Jemima Cobb, widow of
Sylvester Cobb, for a continuance to her of the pension of
her deceased husband.
By Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois: The petition of Turner R.
Kins and others, land officers and ex-land officers at Spring-
field, Illinois, praying additional compensation for official
services.
By Mr. MANN, of Pennsylvania: The petition of Maria
Barclay, widow of Stephen Barclay, late of Westmoreland
county, Pennsylvania, deceased, who was an invalid pen-
sioner, asking relief.
By Mr. VINTON: The memorial of John Hay and others,
praying for a grant of land to aid in the construction of a
railroad, from Cbillicothe, Ohio, to Gallipolis, on the Ohio
river.
By Mr. CALDWELL, of Kentucky: The petition of
Moses Wright, praying Congress to granthim a pension for
disease incurred in the war of 1812.
Alio, the petition of Mrs. Nancy Haggard, heir-at law of
William Grimes, deceased, praying an allowance of inter-
est on money heretofore paid lor the revolutionary services
of her father. •
By Mr. HENRY: The petition of R. Harris and 30
others, citizens of Chittenden, Rutland county, Vermont,
for the repeal of the fugitive slave law.
By Mr. GREEN: The memorial of the Judges of the
county court of Morgan county, Missouri, praying a giant
of land, to construct a railroad from St. Louis to the west-
em part of the State.
Also, the memorial of citizens of the same county, on the
■line subject.
By Mr. MILLSON: The petition of William B. Bingley
and Sophia his wife, asking to receive compensation for
land sold to the United States.
| back the same without amendment, and was in-
structed by the committee to say that the opinion
of the committee was adverse to its passage.
RAILROAD IN FLORIDA.
Mr. YULEE, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to grant to
the State of Florida alternate sections of the pub-
lic land for a railroad between the waters of the
Atlantic and the Gulf of Mexico; which was read
a first and second time'by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. FELCH gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill for the relief of William
A. Richmond.
REMOVALS FROM OFFICE.
On the motion of Mr. GWIN, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the resolution in rela-
tion to removals from office.
Mr. EWING addressed the Senate at some
length, and was followed by Mr. CASS, Mr.
BRADBURY, and Mr. DOWNS, whose speeches
will be published in the Appendix.
On motion of Mr. GWIN, the further consider-
ation of the subject was postponed, Mr. Wiht-
comb having intimated a desire to speak upon it
before a vote should be taken. •
LAND TITLES IN CALIFORNIA.
On the motion of Mr. GWIN, the Senate took
up the bill to ascertain and settle the private land
claims in the State of California.
Mr. G.'rose to speak; but, as the day was iar
advanced, on his motion,
The Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE/-
Tumdat, January 7, 1851.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the memorial of
certain citizens of the State of New York, remon-
strating against the passage of the bill providing
for the free navigation of the St. Lawrence river
and reciprocity of trade with Canada; whj^ was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. WALKER presented a petition of inhab-
itants of Holyoke, in the State of Massachusetts,
asking that the public lands may be granted in
limited quantities to actual settlers; which was or-
dered to lie on the table.
PAPfcRS WITHDRAWN.
On motion by Mr. DOWNS, it was ordered
that Jacob Willcox have leave to withdraw his
petition and papers.
COLT'S REPEATING PISTOLS.
• On motion by Mr. "SHIELDS, it was ordered
that the report of the Secretary of War, commu-
nicating information of the results of inquiries con-
cerning Colt's repeating pistols and their adapta-
tion to the dragoon service, be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
THE BOUNTY LAND BILL.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands, to which was referred the joint resolu-
tion from the House of Representatives explana-
tory of the act approved 28th September, 1850,
entitled " An act granting bounty land to certain
officers and soldiers who have been engaged in the
military service of the United States, reported ,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 8, 1851:
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. The
Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. BAYLY, by unanimous consent, reported
from the Committee of Ways and Means the fol-
lowing appropriation bills; which were severally
read a first and second time by their titles, referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed, viz:
A bill making appropriation for the support of
the Military Academy, for the fiscal year ending
the 30th June, 1852;
A bill making appropriation for the payment of
revolutionary and other pensioners of the United
States, for the fiscal year ending the 30th June,
1852;
| A bill making appropriation for the payment of
I naval pensions for the fiscal year ending the 30th
; June, 1852;
A bill making appropriation for the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian Department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations witn various
Indian tribes, for the fiscal year ending the 30th
June, 1852; and
A bill making appropriation for the services of
the Post Office Department for the fiscal year end-
I ing the 30th June, 1852.
I Mr. BAYLY moved that these bills be made
' the order of the day (in the order in which they
j were reported) for to-morrow, and from day to
day until disposed of.
I Mr. JOHNSON, ofTennessee, objected, and said
| that he would like to know what the motion would
t amount to if agreed to—what would be its effect
; on other business ?
I The SPEAKER was understood to say, that its
effect would not be to interfere with any special
order made for any day previous to to-morrow;
but that it would take precedence over any special
order heretofore made for any day subsequent to
to-morrow.
Mr. JOHNSON said it would, then, by the con-
sent of the House, be sending to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, a body
of bills to be taken up in their order, to the exclu-
sion of other important business. He objected.
The SPEAKER said that debate was not in
order.
CHEAP POSTAGE BILL.
Mr. PHELPS, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented an amendment, for the purpose of having
it printed, which he said he intended to submit
tit the proper time as a substitute for the cheap
postage bill. He was entitled to the floor on said'
