19*
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 9.
diciary, to which was referred House bill to pre- I
•cribe the mode of obtaining evidence in cases of '
contested elections, reported back the same with-
out Amendment, and recommended its passage.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred House bill to recover money improperly
paid by the Executive Departments, reported back
the same without amendment.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the bill to grant to
the State of Florida alternate sections of the pub-
lic lands for a railroad between the waters of the
Atlantic and the Gulf coast, reported back the
same without amendment, and asked its imme-
diate consideration, at the request of the Senator*
from Florida, [Mr. Morton.]
Objection was made, and the bill was not then
considered.
Mr. BERRIEN, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which was referred the bill to amend an
act entitled " An act to authorize notaries public
to take and certify oaths, affirmations, and ac- >
knowledgments, in certain cases," reported back
the same without amendment, and asked its im-
mediate consideration.
I beg leave to say to the Senate, (said the honor-
able gentleman,) that at the last session of Con-
gress an act was passed authorizing notaries pub-
lic in the States and Territories of the United
States to administer certain oaths and to take cer-
Mr. F. also submitted additional documents re-
lating to the same; which were referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
CIRCUIT COURTS IN PENNSYLVANIA.
On motion by Mr. DAYTON, the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to consider
the bill to change the terms of the circuit courts
for the eastern and western districts of Pennsyl-
vania.
No amendment having been made, the bill was
reported to the Senate and ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading.
THE BOUNTY LAND BILL.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I move to postpone all
prior orders of the day, that the Senate may pro-
ceed to the consideration of the joint resolution
which has been reported back from the Committee
on the Public Lands relative to the bounty lands
of soldiers. It is a Joint resolution explanatory
of the act approved September 28, 1850.
Mr. DODGrE, of Iowa. Is it in order to take
up that resolution now? If it is in my power to
prevent it by my objection, I shall object.
The PRESIDENT. It is a question which the
majority must decide.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I would remark to the
Senate, if they intend to act upon that resolution
at all, and pass it, that there is some propriety in
, - ,  , , , _ , , doing it at an early day. The passage of that res-
tam acknowledgments and affirmations; but that olution will regulate the action Sfthe Departments
law does not extend to the District of Columbia; i„ reference to these bountv land Warrants. Wo
and the simple object of the present bill is to give
to notaries public in the District of Columbia the
powers which are conferred by that act to notaries
public throughout the several States and the Ter-
ritories. It is a mere oversight in the original law
that this bill is intended to remedy, and T am in-
structed by the committee to ask ofr its immediate
consideration.
The bill was then considered as in Committee of
the Whole, and no amendment having been pro-
posed, it was reported to the Senate and ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, to which was referred House
bill to compensate and reimburse the owners and
crew of the whaling ship Chandler Price the losses
and expenses incurred in ransoming the crew
of the ship Columbia, reported back the same
without amendment.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the following House
bills: An act for the relief of Adolphus Muier &
Co., of St. Louis, and an act for the relief of Eld-
ward Dexter, of Cincinnati, reported back the
in reference to these bounty land warrants. We
ought to know its fete. If it is not to pass, we
ought to know it; and if it is, the sooner the bet-
ter. I hope, therefore, that the Senate will act
upon it, and either pass it or reject it, because of
the operation it will have upon the Executive De-
partments. With that view, I hope it will be taken
up, unless the Senator from Iowa has some par-
ticular reason to assign why it should not be taken
up now. If so, I have no objection to let it lie
over until to-morrow morning, or some other early
day. I, however, wish the early action of the
Senate upon it for the reasons which I have given.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senator will withdraw
his motion, for I am anxious to address the Senate
this morning upon an important question, which
will come up wnen the time arrives for the consid-
eration of the special orders.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I will withdraw my
motion, hoping the Senate will be kind enough to
take up this joint resolution to-morrow morning.
LAND TITLES IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. GWIN. I now move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the unfinished business.
—a. u:n  __ j    - .
BILLS INTRODUCED.
same without amendment, and recommended their i being the bill to ascertain and settle the private
passage. j land claims in the State of California.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. GWIN pro-
ceeded to address the Senate in a speech of con-
siderable length on the subject of land titjes, &c.,
and in reply to Mr. Benton. This speech will
be found in the Appendix.
Mr. BENTON next addressed the Senate for
half an hour, in a speech of which a report will
appear in the Appendix. Without finishing, he
gave way for a motion to adjourn.
And tne Senate adjourned.
Mr. SHIELDS, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce bills of the follow-
ing titles: A bill for the payment of a debt due to
the heirs of Antoine Peltier, and a bill for the relief
of the heirs of Nicholas Laehance and others;
which were severally read a first and second time
by their titles, and referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, in pursuance of notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill grant-
ing to the States of Arkansas and Missouri the
right of way for and a portion of the public lands
to aid in the construction of a railroad from St.
Louis, Missouri, via Liule Rock, to some point
on Red river, near the town of Fulton, in the
State of Arkansas, and for a branch of said road
in Arkansas to the Mississippi river and to Fort
Smith; which was read a first and second time by
its title and referred to the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, in pursuance of
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
to authorize the State of Wisconsin to select the
residue of the lands to which she is entitled under
the'act of the 8th of August, 1846, to aid in the ;
improvement of the Fox and Wisconsin rivers;
which was read a first and second time by its title
and referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands.
Mr. FELCH, in pursuance of notice, asked
*r w '.eave 10 introduce a bill for the relief ,
of Wra. A. Richmond; which was read a first and I
second time by its title, and referred to the Com- j
mittee on Indian Affairs.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 9, 1851.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. The
Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, asked the unani-
mous consent of the House to introduce a bill of
which previous notice had been given.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, suggested that
there were many members who wished to intro-
duce bills of which previous notice had been given,
and he thought it best, therefore, to suspend the
consideration of the subject which would come up
as the first business in order—the report of the
Committee of Elections—and to call the commit-
tees for reports.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, acquiesced in the
suggestion, as a very proper one.
The SPEAKER stated that the call of commit-
tees for reports would not authorize the introduc-
tion of bills, except such as might be reported
from committees.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, said that he
had himself an important bill which he desired to
introduce, and he inquired of the Chair whether
it would be in order to postpone the consideration
i of the case of the contested election from New
I Hampshire for two hours, that the committees
j mi§ht be called for reports, and that bills, of
which previous notice had been given, might be
introduced.
| The SPEAKER stated, that a motion to post-
pone until to-morrow Would be in order, or,
by unanimous consent, that subject could be post-
poned for one hour; and, being postponed, the first
business in order would be the reception of reports
from committees.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, expressed the
hope that, by unanimous consent, the considera-
tion of the subject in order would be postponed,
and that the committees would be called for re-
ports.
There being no objection,
^\lr. HARRIS, oi Illinois, introduced a bill in
addition to an act approved the 3d of March,
1849, entitled " An act to provide for the correc-
tion of errors in making entries of land in the
land offices;" which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
, the Public Lands.
The SPEAKER said that the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Johnson] asks that, by unani-
mous consent, the report of the Committee on
Elections on the contested election from New
Hampshire be postponed for one hour. He in-
quired whether there was any objection.
Mr. WENTWORTH objected.
The SPEAKER said that objection being made,
the regular business in order was the contested
election case.
Mr. CHANDLER said that before proceeding
to that question, he would ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce a resolution. He
was sure, that when the resolution was read, it
would not be objected to. He would assure the
House that there was nothing personal or political
in it.
The resolution was read for information, as fol-
lows, viz:
Whereas, in consequence of the large supplies of gold
from California and other parts of the world, the proportion
between that metal and silver is rapidly changing, thereby
affecting their relative values, and rendering the latter metal
an article of merchandise rather than currency, and causing
its circulation as money to ccase at its nominal value:
And whereas, under the circumstances, the silver coins of
the country are being largely exported; and ill consequence
of the premiums offered for them by dealers in bullion, they
are being rapidly withdrawn from circulation, thereby sub-
jecting the banks and business community to-great and
growing inconvenience from the scarcity of these coins for
the purpose of making chance:
Resolved, That die Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of reducing the value of the
silver coins of the United States by diminishing their weight
or of increasing the proportion of alloy in the same, or both,
so as to prevent their exportation; and that they have leave
to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. SWEETSER objected, and called for the
regular order of business.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, inquired whether it
would be in order to move to postpone the con-
sideration of the regular order until to-morrow, so
that the committees be called for reports.
The SPEAKER said that a motion to postpone
would be in order if the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Disney,] who was entitled to thefloor, would
yield for the purpose.
Mr. DISNEY said it was entirely immaterial "
to him. He had nothing to say about it, and was
perfectly willing that the House might have an
, opportunity to express its preference in regard to
: the business to be considered.
j Mr. COBB then submitted the motion to post-
■ pone the contested-election case till to-morrow;
which motion being put to the House was disa-
greed to.
On motion by Mr. THURMAN, by unani-
mous consent leave was granted to withdraw
from the files of the House, for the purpose of
presenting them to the proper Department, the pe-
tition and papers in the case of Francis Rogers.
NEW HAMPSHIRE CONTESTED ELECTION.
The House then resumed the consideration of
the report of the Committee of Elections.
rThe question pending being as follows:
The majority of the Committee of Elections had
reported the following resolution :
Resolved, That George W. Morrison is entitled to the
seat which he holds as a Representative from the third Con-
gressional district of New Hampshire.
And Mr. TUCK, of the minority of the commit*
