194
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 9,
right of the Legislature to niter the times of hold-
ing elections: I ask the gentleman irom Kentucky
and the gentleman from .New Hampshire, it they
controvert the position th.it the Legislature has
the right to niter tiie Jay of holding the election or
of changing the particular locality—the building in
which the toil*!) sh.iil be cast? Can the Legisla-
ture nher the tnue and place, and not alter the man-
lier of holding lite election ? As was remarket! by
the gentleman lVoin South Carolina, [Mr. Wood-
ward,) ait the power which Congress p<#sesses
with regard to tins matter, all the power which the
State Legislature may possess in regard to it, is
precisely equal, whether considered in regard to
the times, places, or the manner. And is not the
conclusion irresistible, that if the Legislature may
alter the times or the places, that it can in like
manner and by the same authority alter the man-
ner of holding the elections?
The gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Thomp-
son,] in his argument upon this question, endeav-
ored mainly to show that evil consequences would
result from a practice of this sort. Now, without
attempting to repeat every inconvenience to which
tliat gent,email adverted, let me admit them all to
be true. W hat then ? Does the gentleman con-
clude, that because these inconveniences may resuU
from the exercise of a power to alter the bounda-
ries of districts as once fixed, that therefore such
a power does not exist? Was that his argument?
li" the gentleman will draw a conclusion at all, this
inference is strong and unmistakable. The gen-
tleman from Kentucky, I suppose, will admit that
all the evils of which hf spoke would alike result
from the alteration of the boundaries of these dis-
tricts, whether that alteration was made by the
legislative authority of the State or by the legisla-
tive authority of Congress. The evils are the re-
Bult of the alteration, and not of the fact of the
alteration being made by any particular authority
or power. It would be perfectly immaterial wheth-
er the change of the boundaries wa^hnade by the
authority of the Legislature of the State, or by the
authority of Congress. In either case these con-
sequence!! would ensue, and, according to the doc-
trine of the gentleman, the power therefore would
not exist. But, unfortunately for this argument,
the Constitution says that Congress may not only
make but may alter such regulations. Here there
is a power distinctly conferred upon Congress to
make those very attentions, from the existence of
which the gentleman from Kentucky argued that
the power could not exist. ^ The general argument
of the gentleman, that an abuse of power is evi-
dence of its uou-existence, is illogical. He might
say that where the'exercise of a power necessarily
involved an abuse, it might be an argument against
the existence of that power;butto say that because
a power may be abused, and therefore it does not
exist, is an argument levelled at once at the exist-
ence of government itself. All the power and
authority exercised by any Government on earth
may be abused; but will the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Thompson] therefore conclude that
there is no power, no authority in Government it-
self? No, sir, the argument is untenable, and
the abuses which may grow out of the alteration
of this district by the interposition of legislative
authority, is no argument against the existence of
the power and authority of the Legislature to ex-
ert it.
The gentleman puts many imaginary and hypo-
thetical cases, and among others, that they might
ao district the Suite as to render it impossible to
know in what particular part a vacancy could be
filled. To this the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Strong] gave a very apt, appropriate, and,
in my judgment, satisfactory reply—for the result
of such a state of affairs would simply be that no
election could be held.
But, sir, there is no such difficulty existing in
this case. Why will the gentleman run after
imaginary cases when we have a real case before
us for decision We are not called upon to decide
in a case of that sort. We are called upon to de-
cide in a ease where no issue is made with regard
t> the identity of the district. It is admitted that
t ie only alteration in it, is the addition of two or
t'.iree towns or townships. According to the'argu-
inent on the other side,.the actual, identical, par-
ticular persons alone who elected the former repre-
8 -native, are now to fill the vacancy. Why, sir,
the idea is absurd; the thing is impossible. Men
die; they change their residences; some go out
of the district, others eomeinto it; and the ideaof '
the actual, specific population that returned Gen-
eral Wilson being called upon to elect his success-
or, is, 1 repent it, an absurdity, and an impossi-
bility. All that can be required in a case of this
sort is, that the voters shall be substantially the
same.
Why, there is hardly anything in human na-
ture that is not undergoing a change. There is
hardly anything tliut remains specifically the same.
Writers tell us that the human system physically
undergoes it daily and hourly.
It is sufficient for the purposes of Government,
sufficient for the rights of all parties concerned,
that it should be substantially the same district.
That it is so in the present case, is undenied.
I may remark, that whatever may be the weight
which my judgment gives it, 1 have been quite
amused with the novelty of one suggestion. It is
suggested that by some sort of mysterious princi-
ple, the people in an original district where a
vacancy has occurred from necessity, possess the
right to fill the vacancy created, though the law
by which the district was established may have
been repealed. And the fact that the present
members from New Hampshire hold their seats is
cited to prove that the original districting law has
obligations left. Why, sir, the present members
of the State of New Hampshire hold their seats by
virtue of a right vested in them by the act in ope-
ration at the time of their election. The .people of
these two particular counties composing the dis-
trict that oleneral Wilson represented, have no in-
herent right to elect a member to sit upon this floor.
Let me repeat, the people of these particular coun-
ties, which originally formed the district, possessed
no natural and inherent right to elect a member of
Congress. This right to elect a Representative
grew out of the provisions of the district act. Their
right grew out of that law, and when it was re-
pealed their right died with it.
If I authorize an agent to make a contract for
me, and I revoke his authority, I do not thereby
destroy the rights of the other contracting party.
Suppose my agent, upon my authority, makes a
contract, my subsequent revocation does not inter-
fere with the right of the parties contracting; but
if from any cause the other contracting party, sub-
sequent to my revocation of authority in my agent,
failed to fulfill that contract, would my agent, in
despite of that revocation, have the right to con-
tract with another party to carry out the original
contract? Surely not. A principle similar to this
is involved in the case before the House. The
different districts of New Hampshire were entitled,
I by the law of 1842, to send Representatives to this
! Congress. They did send them, and the rights of
| the members sent can not be contravened by any
! subsequent enactment. But the law creating these
particular districts having been repealed, the right
of any of these districts to elect a member died
with the law, and the election of a new member
must be governed by the law in existence at the
time—thelaw which, like the one repealed, marked
out and defined the limits, and gave the right of
the district to elect.
As I have said, it was the right of these particu-
lar counties forming this district which General
Wilson represented, to reelect a representative,
and that right was not and could not be interfered
with by the passage of this law of 1850. So far
as the old law of 1846 gave rights to the parties
who elected General Wilson, they exercised them,
and the new law, by which the districts have been
changed, has not and could not divest either Gen-
eral Wilson or his colleagues of the rights they
had secured.
But, sir, I will content myself with occupying
the attention of the House but little longer upon
this matter; I will, however, urge that which I think
must be held to be conclusive in the investigation of
this question. However, as an original question, the
arguments may run, the usage of the country has
settled the law of the case. We are told that there
are some fifteen or twenty gentlemen now on this
floor, occupying these seats by the same right as
that by which the gentleman whose right is con-
tested. In my own State there are districts repre-
sented by gentlemen here whose districts have
been altered since they were first established.
As regards the objection that the people in these
towns voted for two different Representatives, I
should be surprised if gentlemen should rely upon
, such a fact in the face of the law and every-day j
usage of Virginia. There the voter is entitled to
vote in just as many cjunties as he may own
land. There are gentlemen here who have been
elected by such votes. Such is the law of Virginia.
The argument appears to me too weak to render
it necessary to give it more attention.
The discission of the points involved might be
Frotracted to almost an immeasurable length; but
fall back, independent of every other considera-
tion, upon the general proposition, that usage has
recognized and sanctioned the right set up by
the sitting member in this caae. The usage of the
different States has settled this entire question.
When a vacancy happens in any State, it must
be filled in conformity with the existing law, un-
less ihe law shall be repugnant to the Constitution
and laws of the United States. In the determina-
tion of this question, I apprehend there can be
but a single opinion. The rights and authority
of the State are clear. I am satisfied that no gen-
tle.nan upon any side of the House, who will sit
dofrn .and carefully, calmly, and impartially re-
view the considerations which I have thus attempt-
ed hastily to submit, can doubt for a moment—
in view of the abstract law cf the case, the provis-
ion of the Constitution, and the usage of the coun-
try—that the right to the seat is in the present
sitting member from New Hampshire.
Mr. HIBBARD. Mr. Speaker, I am aware
hat the nature of this question, and the length at
which it has been discussed, will require me to be
brief; still, sir, I feel the duty devolves upon me
to present some considerations to the House in re-
lation to the rights of the parties concerned in this
question. I regard it simply as a question of law—
as a question merely of legal right. Sir, I under-
stand it to be merely a question of law, arising
upon facts not in dispute, and the House will pardon
me for a slight reference to those facts that have
been presented for our consideration. They are
contained chiefly in the memorial of the petitioner.
That memorial sets forth, that previous to 1846,
the State of New Hampshire had elected her Rep-
resentatives to Congress by general ticket; that the
State then districted the State. It was divided into
four districts, as was required by law. After this
apportionment was made, the members were elect-
ed to the Thirty-first Congress. In 1849 General
Peaslee—who now holds a seat on this floor—
was elected from the Second district, and General
Wilson from the Third. In 1850, the Legislature
altered this districting law. Out of this has arisen
all the difficulty growing out of this case. The
State was redistneted, aa gentlemen express it,
though I do not know but this term is an unfor-
tunate one. The law was altered—it was changed
in some particulars. The districts were slightly
changed from what they originally were. The
Legislature set off four towns from the Second
"district to the Third. Other alterations were made,
but I do not think it necessary to allude to them,
for they are immaterial in the consideration of the
question.
This, sir, was in 1850. In September following
General Wilson resigned, and a new election was
called. The Governor issued his warrants to all the
towns in district No. 3, as they were apportioned
by the act of 1850. The election was held in that
j district, and the sitting member (Mr. Morrison) •
: was returned. The towns that had bem set off
\ from the Second district voted in the elecnon, and
! it is not denied that if these four towns had not
j voted in the election, Mr. Morrison would not
j have been returned. The question arises from
| this state of facts, whether the proceeding in rela-
tion to these four tows was a proper one. The
memorialist alleges that the Governor had no right
; to issue warrants to these four towns, which did
not originally belong to the Third district. It is,
in fact asserting that the limits of the district did
not exist in accordance with the provisions of the
| act of 1850, but remaind the same as the original
i district. This is the reason urged by the memo-
rialist. I believe it is the only reason, certainly
the Only substantial one, that the people in those
four towns voted for two members to this floor;
men who voted in the election of General Peas-
i.ee, also voted in this election to supply the va-
cancy occasioned by the resignation of General
Wilson.
Now, sir, follow the allegations of the memori-
alist. The Governor issued his precepts to the
district as the district existed at the time they were
issued. It is made his duty by th# Constitution to
