196
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 9,
lect established the duration of representation, and
provided that the election of Representatives
should be by districts in the several States.
Xow, Mr. Chairman, it is not necessary for me,
in this connection, tojquestion, if I would, in my
mind, the power of Congress over this subject,
because Congress assumed to do no such thing;
and therein Congress, in my opinion, acted wise-
ly. They left the matter to the control of the Le-
gislatures' of the States, and properly, too. 1 sup-
pose the power existed before the action of Con-
gress took place. Congress went on and passed
an act—for it was virtually that, though in terms
it provides that the State Legislature should—pro-
viding for the choice of Representatives by dis-
tricts. It virtually amounted to a command upon
the Legislature to district the State in the election
of Representatives. With regard to the power of
Congress to make that provision great doubts have
been entertained. It has been believed by some
that Congress had no such power to pass a man-
datory act commanding the State Legislature to
pass such an act as that. If Congress had the
power to district the State, it should have exer-
cised it directly. It has no power to command the
State Legislature by mandatory act to pass this
provision. But, sir, that question does not rise
nere.
In pursuance of the law of 1842, the Legislature
of the State of New Hampshire divided the State
into districts. "Whether it was proper or improper
for this State to take this course, is not for me to
say. The State was divided, and she elected her
Representatives to seat^ipon this floor, in con-
formity with such districting. Many other States
also passed laws of the same character. In this
State, after the passage of the law, a general elec-
tion was held, and this House confirmed the elec-
tion, and the rights of members bo elected to seats
upon this floor were confirmed. It is immaterial
for us here to inquire whether the Slate had the
power to make such districting, afte^me Legisla-
ture had divided the State on into districts, and
elections had been held in pursuance to the law.
The Legislature of 1846 passed an act making
alterations in the districts, certainly not in contra-
vention of the laws of Congress of 1842, but in
direct accordance with the provisions of the Cor-
stitution, as to the time, place, and manner, of
holding the elections. Well, sir, if there be any-
thing more in the Constitution; if there be any-
thing further in the legislation of Congress, that
tends to restrict the power the Legislature pas- 1
sesses in this respect, I have not seen it. It has
not been brought forward, and I do not believe
there is any such thing. There is a total absence
of all restrictions. So far as the provisions of
Congress and the enactments of the Constitution
go, they are in strict accordance with each other.
The question is not one of constitutionality. It
is one of expediency simply. I will remark here,
that we are too apt to confound the question of
expediency of a measure with that of its constitir-
tionality. I know, sir, that fallacy often arises
from the devotion to the school of politics, of
which no one can think higher than I do—the
doctrine of the strict construction of the rights of
the States. I wish that my friends upon the
other side were disciples of so sound a school as
that, that teaches that kind of instruction which
would guard the legislative powers of the Federal
Government under the Constitution, and which
would watch carefully against any infraction of
the reserved rights of the States.
The doctrine contended for here, Mr. Chairman,
in behalf of the memorialist, that it is competent
for Congress, in the absence of any restriction in
the Constitution or the laws of Congress itself, to 1
legislate for the States and to override their acts,
because their acts may not have been proper, and
may not have been such as Congress would pass,
is a most dangerous one; and is a principle which
I apprehend this House will be slow to adopt.
Now, sir, it is not necessary to answer the sup-
posed case upon which the ingenuity of the gen-
tleman has been brought to bear, where injustice
might be done, and the law in question might
operate injuriously. I apprehend that no Federal
law was ever passed, to which some supposed case
of wrong might not be referred, and the operation
of which might not work injuriously to some of
the parties affected. Nay, more, where it is not
certain but that cases of wrong will grow out of
the law. Such cases haveoccurred, but the theory J
in question is not an unsound one, because such I
cases have existed, and, therefore, that a law ought
not to pass. Such working of laws oftentimes
afford no reason against passing an act—against
the power of the Legislature to pass it. The power
is admitted, the question being one of expediency
and propriety, as to the general benefit of the law.
Sir, I have spoken of this case upon the hypo-
thesis that this act of the Legislature of June, 1850,
was objectionable. I am willing to admit, for the
sake of argument, that it was an objectionable
course of proceeding for the Legislature of New
Hampshire, under the circumstances, to pass the
actoT 1850. I have examined the act in that light,
because I apprehend there can be no difference of 1
opinion on that point. Now, sir, I regard that
kind of legislation, whether it is legal or illegal, as
entirely immaterial, because it is something with
which we have nothing at present to do, in our
action on this case.
My colleague [Mr. Tuck] has, in my opinion,
made some elaborate strictures upon the Demo-
crats of New Hampshire, upon those members of
that Legislature which passed the act of 1850,
which were entirely uncalled for. I trust he has
entirely misapprehended the motives of that party;
but whether ne has or not, I must say he has
brought those strictures in here in very -bad taste.
The politicalparties and the motives which in-
duced the Legislature to make those changes, can-
not have anything to do with the question: whateve
they may have been, we have nothing to do with
them. I cannot believe, sir, that my colleague
would bring forward those considerations for the
purpose of exciting party feeling in this House,
or for the purpose of carrying this question upon
party grounds; I think a sense of propriety would
prevent it. But, sir, his remarks were too strongly
imbued with that spirit to escape observation; what
his motives were remains to be seen. It remains to
be seen whether this House will act upon such mo-
tives; but I think not. I think the House will de-
cide the question upon its legal merits; for in that
view, and in that view alone, can we properly con-
sider it; and such facts as refer to it in this point
of view can alone have a bearing on the case. I
know that politicians sometimes resort to meas-
ures in carrying out their views, which will not
bear a very rigid scrutiny—they will not stand the
glance of a virtuous indignation; but though those
acts may be unsound as far as political virtue is
concerned, it is nevertheless binding by law. i
I have Been combinations for power fonned, by '
which a political minority have allied themselves
with various factions of the country, which carry
out and inculcate doctrines which are calculated
only to endanger the peace and harmony of the
country, and which are destructive to the very ex-
istence of our civil institutions. I know, sir, that
such combinations are formed, and that in many
cases they have been successful in rising to high
places in political power, and that it has been m
many cases destructive to the public peace and
harmony, and injurious to the public welfare. I
know that even now demands are being made in
divers parts of the country to unite factions in
combinations for political power. For one, sir, I
am opposed to them. I have always evinced, on
all proper occasions, my opposition to them. I
care not how they are made up, of what parties
they are composed, whether they call themselves
Whigs or Democrats, I am opposed to them.
But, because I entertain these views myself, I
do not think it proper to bring them forward for
the consideration of the House. I should not
think it proper, even if I knew the result in this
election was brought about by precisely such
means as has been described. I believe we ought
to decide, and I trust this House will decide tnis
question of election upon such considerations as
properly have a direct bearing upon it, and upon
such ground only, instead of bringing up facts and
considerations, as gentlemen seem inclined to do,
which have no earthly bearing upon it.
Sir, the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Woodward,] to frhose logic and argument I have
listened with much satisfaction, made one asser-
tion with which 1 cannot agree. He says the ac-
tion of the Legislature of New Hampshire, in its
effect, was not equal or just—unfair. I have no
doubt the gentleman was under that impression,
and that he used that expression with all sincerity.
But it seems to me, they were erroneous impres-
sions. Now, what are the facts? Previous to the !
Sear 1846, the representatives were elected from
few Hampshire by general ticket. In 1846 the
party then in power districted the State. I wish
to be understood here to make no strictures upon
the motives of that Legislature. I do not pretend
to say that they did not apportion the districts
with fairness of motive. I know, too, that some
members of the Democratic party voted with the
Whigs on that occasion. I wish it to be distinctly
understood that I make no complaints. I make
no charge on the Whig party for unfairness. But
I will say simply this: from whatever cause the
circumstances^may have arisen, the Democrats
have had a large majority in the State for an unin-
terrupted period of more than twenty years, with
the exception of 1846. They have usually had a
majority in the State of from five to eight thousand;
yet, afler the State was districted in 1846, two
members out of four were chosen from the Whig
party by a very small majority, while my col-
league [Mr. Peaslee] was chosen by a majority
of more than three thousand. Another was elected
by about the same majority. At the last election
the results were about the same. The Whig can-
didates were chosen by small majorities, I think
of not more than two or three hundred. If I am
wrong my colleagues will set me right.
Mr. TUCK. I will remark to my colleague
[Mr. Hibbard] that I was elected by a majority
of fourteen hundred. I will also ask my colleague
whether, if the Democrats had been in power
when the State was. districted in 1846, he sup-
poses they would have districted it with any more
impartiality, or so as to have given any better
satisfaction ?
Mr. HIBBARD. I will reply to my colleague's
question with regard to the majority. My colleague
is probably right, having examined the question
much more thoroughly than myself, and having
more interest in the subject than I ever could have.
I do not doubt he is right. I probably misstated
the majority which he had. At any rate, I think
I was right in saying that the candidates of the
opposition in the other districts were chosen
by a very small majority. I believe I am also
right in sayingthat at the fast election my colleague
was returned to this House by a greatly reduced
majority. Now, sir, with regard to the question
which my colleague has put to me, as to whether
the State could have been better districted in any
other way. I will not undertake to say, for I do
not know.
Our State extends from North to South about
two hundred miles. The district number Four,
embracing the counties of Sullivan, Grafton, and
Coos, reaches across from one hundred and seventy
to one hundred and seventy-five miles of that dis-
tance, and stretches about one hundred and sev-
j enty-five miles from that boundary. It is at the
J same time proper that I should state that the pop-
ulation in certain parts of the State is much more
sparse than in other portions. I do not know how
it could have been districted.
I am very sure that the districts might have been
so arranged, and the system of gerrymandering so
carried out, if my colleague persists in the term,
that political equalities might have been better pre-
served. When our Whig and Abolition friends
had the power, and they used it to suit their ends
' in this matter, by districting the State, we never
; complained. I am not here to complain, and I do
not intend to impute any wrong motive to any per-
sons in this matter. Whether the Democrats voted
for the law of 1846, I will not undertake to say.
If they thought it was a fair and equitable division
at the time, experience shows that it was an in-
equitable division. They may not have thought it
impartial at the time, but experience shows them it
was partial in its operations.
Now, sir, I do not know what are alleged to be
! the motives of those who passed the act of 1846,
! nor do I care. We did not ask to send our col-
leagues home.
I know not what are the motives of those who,
during the last year, altered this law. I care not,
because I say they have not anything to do with
this question Defore the House.
Now, take it for granted that they do not make
these alterations for political purposes—to restore
the political equilibrium, for the purpose, if you
please, that a State having five to eight thousand
Democratic majority should not be equally divi-
ded on this floor—should not be paralyzed in its
representation. And suppose they did it with this
