1851.
TWIT CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
W\
I beg permission to add, to prevent misconcep-
tion, that the power by which a State resolves itself
into districts, giving to each division separate po-
litical identity and faculties, is not conferred by
the Constitution, but is natural to a State; and
much more obviously so than is the power to pro-
vide for holding elections natural to this Govern-
ment.
Mr. DUER. I cannot see how a right to pro-
vide for the election of members to the House of
Representatives, whether by general ticket or by
districts, can be said to be a natural right of the
States. There was certainly no such right before
the Union was formed, and if it does not exist by
virtue of the Constitution, it does not exist at all.
Nor can I comprehend how there is a resulting
power in Congress to provide for an election by
a general ticket, and yet at the same time a nat-
ural power in the States to provide for an election
by districts. How are these powers to be recon-
ciled ? The argument of the gentleman leads him
into this difficulty, but utterly fails to extricate
him. If an election by districts be constitutional,
(and it has been practiced by some of the States
from a very early period, if not from the begin-
ning of the Government, and is now universal,)
and Congress have power to provide for holding
elections, why cannot they order them to be held
in that manner?
But it is argued by some gentlemen, as it has been
argued heretofore, that although Congress may
district a State, yet it cannot Older a State Legis-
lature to do so, and that for this reason the act of
1842 is void. The act of 1842 contains no such
order. It merely provides that the members of the
House shall be elected by districts, each district
choosing one Representative, and there it stops.
The mandate is in the Constitution, which de-
clares that the times, places, and manner of hold-
ing elections " shall be prescribed " by the Legis-
latures of the States. There is no mandate in the
act of Congress; but because there is only a par-
tial execution of tfjjower, it is contended that the
act is void. If Congress had only done something
more, then it would have been good. I have heard
that acts of Legislatures were void for exceeding
their powers, but never before because they fell
short of them. Onme mains in w minus contend.
The smaller power actually exercised is embraced
in that larger power which this argument admits to
exist. Suppose Congresshaddistricted the States:
such an act would have consisted of two parts;
first, an enactment that Representatives should be
elected by single districts; and secondly, a divi-
sion of the States into such districts. Congress
has done the former of these things, and because
it has not also done the latter it is said it has
exceeded its powers! The law is alleged to be void,
not because it deprives the States of any rightful
power, but because it does not deprive them of
all the power which it might have done!
If the act of Congress be constitutional, the
next question is, whether the sitting member has
been elected in accordance with that act? It is
not to my mind a question, as the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. McLane] has stated it, as to the
construction of the act of the New Hampshire
Legislature redistricting the State; neither am I
disposed to enter into any controversy with the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Strong,]
upon the point whether or not that act is in viola-
tion of the Constitution of the United States. In
the absence of any legislation by Congress, I am
not prepared to say what limits I could fix to the
power of the United States in this respect. But
the true question is, whether that act is in con-
formity to an act of Congress, passed in pursu-
ance of the Constitution, and which consequently
is the supreme law of the land. After the census
of 1840, the Legislature of New Hampshire di-
vided the State into four districts. Under that
apportionment four members were elected to the
present Congress. And now, a vacancy having
occurred, the sitting member claims his seat, not
as the Representative of the vacant district, but as
the Representative of a new district, composed
partly of that and partly of a portion of another
district, already represented here. If this shall be
allowed, can it be said that the members from New
Hampshire have been elected by districts, "no
one district electing more than one Representa-
tive ?" Is it not plain, on the other hand, that one
of those districts will have two Representatives on
this floor?
Let me take an illustration. In the State of
Massachusetts there are two or three members
elected to the next Congress. The law there is
that a majority of all the votes given is necessary
to elect. Well now, suppose (the Legislature of
Massachusetts being in session) that the coalition
now dominant in that State should say we will
lend some of these free-soil districts, or coalition
districts, to elect first in one district, and when that
is done we will lend them somewhere else, and in
that way fill up the delegation. Now, is that elec-
tion within the purview of the act of Congress
that each district shall choose one member? It is
obviously not. It is utterly inconsistent with it.
What is the difference between that case and this?
The principle is the same.
I conceive that Congress has legislated on this
question—has constitutionally legislated upon it—
and that any act of a State which shall provide for
the election of members, otherwise than by single
districts, each district electing one member, is null
and void. I do not undertake to deny that a
State Legislature may redistrict the State for an-
other Congress. That has been done, I know, in
several cases, and I am inclined to think that the
power may be rightfully exercised; but what I do
maintain is, that it is inconsistent with the act of
Congress to keep portions of districts floating
about, so that a member may come here, not as
the Representative of one district in Congress, but
of portions of different districts. That, I contend,
is inconsistent with the act of Congress. There
can be but one districting of a State for one and
the same Congress. It is a mere mockery to treat
the act as meaning anything else than this.
Whether the sitting member is entitled to his
seat depends upon different considerations. There
I may be a power to repeal the State law and so
I leave the State in part unrepresented; but there is
no power to legislate inconsistently with the act of
| Congress. That act is authorized by the plain
, terms of the Constitution, it has been acquiesced
in and obeyed by every State in the Union, and I
am not now disposed to set it aside as unconstitu-
tional and void.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, obtained the floor,
but yielded it to
Mr. EWING, who moved that the House do
now adjourn.
The House refused to adjourn.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. This whole diffi-
culty has grown out of the second section of the
act of June 25, 1842, an act which never ought to
have been_passed—and never ought to be obeyed.
If this act is disregarded, there is an end of the
question. The second section of the act of 1842
makes certain provisions in regard to the election
of members of this House. That section I con-
tend is not binding upon this body. It directs
and commands the States to divide their territories
into Congressional districts, each to be entitled
to a member. It will be recollected, at the time
the law passed it met with violent opposition here,
and in the Senate also, but it finally passed this
body by a vote of 101 to 99. In the other body
it passed by a strict party vote, with the exception,
i I believe, of Mr. Berrien, who opposed it. It is
one of those acts which belongs to the history of
the Twenty-seventh Congress, connected as it is
with the bankrupt law, the distribution, a high
Frotective tariff, and other schemes of enormity,
t is the only relic of all that mass of pernicious
legislation, that was adopted for the basest party
aoses. We have had it here to-day, as it was
icted at the time of its passage it would be, a
bone of contention and a cause of another party
quarrel. I, sir, for one, am disposed to pay no
regard whatever to this act. This House, by a
vote of more than two to one, trampled that act
under foot the next session after it was passed, for
it admitted members from New Hampshire, Geor-
gia, Alabama, and from Missouri, elected in dis-
, regard to its provisions. They were all admitted
to their seats upon the floor of this House, and
that by a vote of more than two to one. They
< were admitted by a strict party vote, it is true; but
that great difference was partly product by this
act itself. The House at that time disregarded this
section, and it ought to disregard it now.
My attention is called here to one fact which
: might be taken in connection with the law of 1842.
I I am informed that the California members were
I elected by general ticket. If that is so, and I be-
{ lieve the gentleman himself voted for their admis-
sion, and if he did so, with what grace, with what
propriety, can he come now and object to the elec-
tion of members by a general ticket, in the face
of a law of Congress which he is intending to sup-
port?
The Constitution provides that "this House
shall be the judge of the elections and qualifications
of its own members." This House is to deter-
mine this question, and not.a law of Congress.
It is a mere inference drawn from the section that
gives Congress permission, in which it says,
"Congress may appoint the times, places, and
, manner, of holding elections." But that cannot
i conflict directly with the provision that gives this
House the exclusive power to judge of the elec-
tions, qualifications, and return of its own mem-
bers.
I then, sir, could not treat the provision of the
section of the act of 1842 as entitled to any regard
whatever in this House. It does not in itself con-
! form to the provisions of the Constitution uifder
I which it professes to be enacted. That provision
is to the effect that Congress may make provision,
l but the act itself does not do it. It simplydirects
the States to do it. It is a command upon the
! States to do that which it does not profess to do,
or undertake to do, itself.
I give the opinions of some of its opponents in
the Senate at the time of its passage:
Mr. Wright " showed, that although Congress
may make or alter regulations with regard to
'itself, it cannot order the State Legislature to obey.
'To compel the States, by the issue .of a man-.
' damus, to make such laws as will carry out the
' laws of Congress, would be a violent usurpation,
' for which there was not the slightest shadow of
' authorityin the Constitution."
Judge WooDstrRT" contended that the proposed
law was, in its present form and in existing facts,
unconstitutional.''
Colonel Benton said of the law: "It is a com-
mand without authority, without a sanction for
its observance, and, in my opinion, without con-
stitutional warrant."
These are some of die opinions expressed at
the time of its passage, and they are well worthy
of consideration now.
But, sir, I judge that when a contested election
comes before this House for its decision, we have
but two species of inquiries to make. The first
one is: Does the member taking his seat here pos-
sess those qualifications required in the Constitu-
tion ? Has he been a citizen of the United States
forseven years ? Has he attained the age of twenty-
five yea s, and was he an inhabitant at the time
of his election of the State from which he is elect-
ed } These constitute one class of the inquiries.
The other class of inquiries are: Whether he has
been elected by a majority of those who are enti-
tled to elect a member to the place which he fills ?
I take it, sir, that this class of inquiries embrace
all within the scope of the action of this House?
In the first place it is not contendwl but that
the sitting member possesses the qualifications to
entitle him to a seat in this House. The only in-
quiry next is: Whether he has been elected by a
majority of those having the right to fill the va-
cancy which he professes to fill ?
Now, sir, the point that is made, and the only
point that is made so far as I learn from gentle-
men who oppose the claims of the sitting member,
is, that certain individuals voted for him who have
also voted for another sitting member who occu-
pies a seat upon this floor.
Is that a matter which this House has any busi-
ness to inquire into ? In the absence of any pro-
vision by Congress requiring a State to be dis-
tricted , would there be any such inquiry as this
when a member presents his credentials here?
This inquiry would not occur; itwould be then only
as to the validity of the votes cast. The question
of the validity of the votes in tnis case is not raised.
They were legal votes; and the only question is,
then, whether Congress has any right to reject a
member as not being entitled to a seat upon this
floor because certain individuals who voted in one
district to elect a member to the present Congress
have also voted again ?. I take the negative of this
question, as one that never could arise, except
under the act of 1842, which I disregard altogether.
Now, will any gentleman undertake to say, that if
a State shall change the qualifications of voters of
that State, and a member is elected to fill a vacancy
after the change in the qualifications o^rofcers has
