1851.
Tftl CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
203
writing, asking to be discharged from the further
consideration of the same; which was agreed to.
Also, from the a&me committee, to which was
referred the petition of Michael R. Boos, for a
pension on account of services in the army during
the last war with Great Britain, submitted a report
in writing, asking to be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the same; which was agreed
to.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the documents in relation to the claim of
Samuel Wilson, a revolutionary soldier, to a pen-
sion, submitted an adverse report in writing;
which was ordered to be printed.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of Meribah Chandler, widow
of a revolutionary soldier, asking arrears of a
pension, submitted an adverse report in writing;
which was ordered to be printed.
Also,.from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of Elijah Buchanan, asking
arrears of pension, submitted an adverse report in
writing; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to which was referred^the petition of the in-
habitants of Cayuga county, New York, in behalf
"of Mary Ingersol, submitted a report in writing,
asking to be discharged from the further consider-
ation of the same, and that the petition be rejected;
which was agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of Nancy Kirkpatrick, asking
a pension for the services of her husband during
the revolutionary war, submitted a report in wri-
ting, asking to be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the same; which was agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which was !
referred the resolution of the Legislature of Ken-
tucky relative to a pension for those who served
in the Indian war between 1783 and 1795, sub- :
nutted a report in writing, asking to be discharged
from the further consideration of the same; which ;
was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referffed the memorial of
Thomas B. Livingston, consul of the United States
at the port of Halifax, in the British province of
Nova Scotia, asking to be allowed a salary, sub-
mitted an adverse report on the same; which was
ordered to be printed. I
Mr. WINTHROP, from the Committee on !
Public Lands, to which was referred the memo-
rial of Margaret Gray, widow of Captain Robert
Gray, the discoverer of Columbia river, asking
relief in consideration of the advantages obtained, ,
submitted a report in writing, which was ordered
to be printed, accompanied by a bill for her relief,
which was read and passed to a second reading.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred the petition of Sarah
Crandall, widow of a soldier of the Revolution,
asking a pension, submitted a report in writing,
which was ordered to be printed, accompanied by
a bill for her relief, which was read and passed to ,
a second reading.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of James Wormsley, a soldier
of the Revolution, asking a pension-, submitted a
report in writing, which was ordered to be printed,
accompanied by a bill for his relief, which was
read and ordered to a second reading. i
Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, Co which was referred the petition of citizens
of Cayuga county, New York, asking that Phoebe
Morris may be allowed a pension, submitted an
adverse report on the same; which was ordered to
be printed.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of citizens of New Hamp-
shire, asking'that pensions maybe granted to cer-
tain widows of revolutionary soldiers, submitted
an adverse report on the same; which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred Senate bill for the relief of
Sarah D. Mackay, reported back the same without
amendment, and asked for its immediate consid-
eration. |
• If the Senate will grant me its attention for a '
few momenta, said the honorable gentleman, I will
give an explanation of the facts in this case., Mrs.
Mackay is the widow of an officer who lost his
life in the service of his country, and while in the
discharge of his duty. His widow had a pension
granted to her by law for five years, but which
expired several years ago. Since that time she
has endeavored to support herself by her needle.
She is stat&l to be a woman of refinement and ed-
ucation, but by her assiduous labors she has lost
her eyesight, and preparations are ndV being
made to remove her to the poor-house in one of the
counties in the State of Maryland, to which she
must go if she do not succeed in obtaining a re-
newal of her pension. Under these circumstances,
I ask the unanimous consent of the Senate to put
the bill upon its passage.
Mr. PEARCE. I beg leave to confirm the
statement of facts made by the Senator from New j
Hampshire. I can say to the Senate that the facts \
are all within my own knowledge. This lady is 1
the widow of a very gallant officer, who was or-
dered to Florida in 1836, and who, while on his
way to the seat of war, was killed by the bursting
of the boiler of the transport in which he was being
conveyed to the place of his destination. His !
widow, under the general law, received a pension |
of$180a year for five years, but that term expired j
in the year 1841. She did not ask to have it re- j
newed, but devoted herself to her needle for her •
support, with such assiduity that she became .
almost blind, so much so, at all events, as to ren-
der her unable to support herself. She is, as the
Senator stated, a lady of refinement and admira-
ble manners and character, and it is true that she 1
is without friends and without money, and she |
must subsist upon either private or public charity, i
I hope she will have the bounty of the Govern- ,
ment extended to her, and that the bill may be con-
sidered now.
The bill was then considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It proposes to renew and to continue
her pension of $15 per month for the term of her
natural life, to commence on the 1st January,
1850.
Mr. YULEE. I desire to make an inquiry in
relation to this bill. I understand that the widow
of Lieutenant Mackay has received the five years'
pension which is provided by the general law.
This is an application to renew the pension for
another term; and I would inquire, is this usual ?
Has it been done in other cases ? Is it done gen-
erally ? I desire to know whether this is a new
case, which is to establish a new precedent?
Mr. PEARCE. I will state very frankly that
I believe it is not usual. It has been occasionally
done, and the Senate is asked to do it now because
of the peculiar circumstances and hardship of the
case. 1 do not know whether the Senator heard
the statement which I made. We have repeatedly
granted pensions to widows of the officers in the
Navy who have not lost their lives in the discharge
of their duty, but in the ordinary manner while
they were in the service. I recollect that a bill
was passed for the relief of the widow of Colonel
McRea; another for the relief of the widow of
General Worth, and half a dozen other cases.
Mr. YULEE. I think the cases alluded to by
the honorable Senator were not cases of a renewal;
they were not cases in which pensions had been
already granted. There is a distinction between
allowances to the widows of officers of the Navy
and to widows of officers of the Army. The pay-
ment of pensions to widows of officers of the Navy
goes not out of the Treasury, but out of a fund
which was set aside for that especial purpose from
the amount of prize money made by the Navy du-
ring our wars, and pledged by the Government to
the support of disabled officers and men. -It is
true that that fund was exhausted, but exhausted
because of the negligence and misappropriation of
Congress; and therefore it is that, to remedy that
wrong, such appropriations have been made from
the Treasury, to'meet what would otherwise be
met principally from that special fund. But the
objection to this case seems to me to be this: if
there are other cases, of which I have no knowl-
edge, that it will gradually establish a precedent,
by which we may be perpetually making pensions
to the widows of Army officers. Now, it seems
to me that we had better consider whether this
shall be done by a special or a general bill, or
whether it will be politic or proper to charge the
Treasury with perpetual appropriations to widows
of officers of the Army.
No amendment having been proposed, the bill
was reported to the Senate, and was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading.
RESOL.U' IONS ADOPTED.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the Comtnittee on Printing be instructed
to inquire into the propriety of printing three thousand extra
copies of the Appendix to the report of the Regents of the
Smithsonian Institution, one thousand of which to be for
the benefit of the Smithsonian Institution.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Mr. President,
when I made the motion to print extra copies of
the report of the Regents of the Smithsonian In-
stitution I was not acquainted with the value of
the Appendix. It contains valuable statistical and
other information respecting the libraries of the
United States, and it is believed that it would be
valuable and desirable to the country at large.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. BELL submitted the following resolution;
which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be directed to
inquire into the expediency of providing by law lor rebuild-
ing the duties charged on all merchandise, machinery, or
other products of the industry of citizens of the United
States shipped from any port of the United States for Cali-
fornia, and I'rom any necessary cause unshipped on board a
foreign vessel.
Mr. SOCJLE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior bo, and he
is hereby, authorized and directed to settle the claim ior
professional services set up against the Government by
Thomas J. Durant, late district attorney of the United
States for the district of Louisiana, upon the footing ot"
and ill conformity to the rule heretoiore applied to the set-
tlement of similar claims when presented by his predeces-
sors in office for similar services.
RECIPROCAL TRADE WITH CANADA-
Mr. DOUGLAS. I now move to postpone the
prior orders of the day for the purpose of taking
up the bill providing for the free navigation of
the St. Lawrence river, and for reciprocal trade
with Canada. My object in making the motion
is simply that it may be made the special order
for some future day.
Mr. WALKER. There was a special order
made three weeks ago, upon which the Senator
from Michigan [Mr. Kelch] has since been en-
titled to the floor, and I have repeatedly tried to
get it up for consideration. I allude to the bill to
cede the public lands of the United States to the
States respectively in which they are situated. I
do not propose now to urge the consideration of
that bill, but I wish it to retain its place as a spe-
cial order, and not be* displaced by any other
orders that may be made. It is true, that since it
was made a special order, various other special
orders have been considered, and I now desire to
know what will tfe the effect of the motion of the
Senator from Illinois in reference to the bill to
which I have alluded, which I am very anxious to
have disposed of.
The PRESIDENT. The adoption of the mo-
tion will not displace the special order to winch
the Senator refers. It will not have the effect of
placing another bill ahead of it.
Mr. WALKER. So it was said the other day
when another special order was made, and yet
other special orders have been discussed, and there
are several in advance of the bill to which I have
called the attention of the Senate.
The motion made by Mr. Douglas was agreed
to, and the bill was considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I now move to postpone the
further consideration of the bill, and that it be
made the special order of the day next Tuesday
two weeks.
The motion was agreed to.
CAPTURED CANNON.
Mr. PEARCE, by unanimous consent, obtained
leave to introduce a joint resolution relinquishing
to the State of Maryland two of the cannon cap-
tured by the brigade under the command of Brig.
General Riley at the battle of Contreras, in Mex-
ico; which was read a first and second time by
unanimous consent.
Mr. PEARCE. I suppose the Senate will not
desire to have that resolution referred or delayed;
but if any Senator desires it, I will not interpose
an objection. I beg, however, to state that I in-
troduced that resolution at the request of General
Riley, who desires to present to his native State
two of the cannon captured by him at Contreras,
and the Senate well know that that was one of the
