*04
TOE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 10,
most brilliant achievements of th« Maxican war.
Similar permission was granted to Colonel Doni-
phan, of Missouri, to take for a like purpose can-
non which he captured at Chihuahua, in New
Mexico. I hope the resolution will be put upon
its passage.
There being no objection, the resolution was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole, was re-
ported to the Senate, and was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, asked and obtained
leave to introduce a bill to amend an act entitled
" An act to provide for the punishment of offences
committed in cutting, destroying, or removing live-
oak or other timber or trees reserved for naval pur-
poses," approved March 2d, 1831; which was
read a first and second time by its title and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
DISTRICT COURTS IN VERMONT.
On motion by Mr. PHELPS, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider, as in Committee of the Whole,
the bill changing the place of holding the circuit
and district courts of the United States for the dis-
trict of Vermont.
Having been amended, it was reported to the
Senate, tne amendment was concurred in, and it
was ordered to.be engrossed for a third reading.
BILLS PASSED.
The following engrossed bills were then sever-
ally read a third time and passed:
The bill authorizing the settlement of the ac-
counts of Joseph R. F. Mansfield.
The bill to change the terms of the circuit courts
for the eastern and western districts of Pennsylva-
nia.
LAND TITLES IN CALIFORNIA.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
to ascertain and settle the private land claims in
the State of California,
Mr. BENTON resumed and concluded his re-
marks, commenced yesterday, in reply to Mr.
Gwiw.
Mr. 6WIN made a abort rejoinder, and con-
cluded by moving that- the bill be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
[A report of this discussion will be fouftd in
the Appendix.]
ORDER AND PRIORITY OF BUSINESS.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I move to postpone the
special orders for the purpose of taking up the
joint resolution from the House in relation to the
assignability of bounty land warrants.
Several Senators. Oh, no. It is too late.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. As Senators seem to
think it too late to consider that resolution now, I
withdraw the motion.
Mr. DOWNS. I hope the Senate will proceed j
to the consideration of the bill which was made j
the special order for to-day—the bill to aid the
State of Louisiana in reclaiming the overflowed
lands therein, and for other purposes.
The PRESIDENT. The first special order is
the bill to cede the public lands to the States respect-
ively in which they lie. The next special order
is the bill to amend the act entitled " An act to
promote the progress of the useful arts." i
Mr. MANGUM. The first special order is one
which deserves a great deal of consideration. It
is now too late to take it up. I therefore move
that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. DOWNS. I trust the gentleman will with-
draw the motion for a moment.
Mr. MANGUM. Certainly.
Mr. DOWNS. I wish to ask the Chair whether !
the bill made the special order for to-day is not
first in order after the unfinished business is dis-
posed of?
The PRESIDENT. It is not. Bills made
special orders for previous days take precedence
of it.
Mr. DOWNS. I hope, then, that the honorable
Senator from Wisconsin will allow the bill which
1 have named to be taken up. I do not think it
will occupy any length of time.
Mr. W ALKER. If I can consent to the taking
up of the bill mentioned by the Senator from
Louisiana, without the bill ceding the public lands
to the States losing its place among the special or-
ders, I will do so. We cab probably get through
the bill of the Senator from Louisiana to-day, if it
shall be taken up.
While up, I wish to say that I shall notify the
Senator from Michigan [Mr. Felch] to be in at-
! tendance to let us hear him upon this bill, and then
; I shall ask permission at an early period to occupy
the attention of the Senate about thirty minutes
on the same subject.
Mr. DOWNS. I move to postpone all the
prior special orders, in order to take up the bill
" to aid the State of Louisiana in reclaiming the
overflowed lands therein, and for other purposes,"
which was made the special order for to-day. ;
Mr. WALKER. What will be the effect of
that motion ?
The PRESIDENT. It will be to place that
bill at the head of the list of special orders.
Mr. WALKER. Then I cannot consent to the
motion.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. FOOTE. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. HAMLIN. Will the Senator withdraw
that motion, to allow me to submit a motion that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business ?
Mr. FOOTE. Is that business very urgent? _
Mr. HAMLIN. I cannot say, except that it is
business appropriate to that session.
Mr. FOOTE. Then I cannot withdraw the
motion.
The motion to adjourn was disagreed to.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, the Senate then
proceeded to tne consideration of executive busi-
ness; and, after some time spent therein, the doors
were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 10, 1851.
The House met at twelve o'clock. The Jour-
nal of yesterday was read and approved.
COAST SURVEY.
Mr. McWILLIE, by unanimous consent, re-
fiorted from the Committee on Printing the fol-
owing resolution:
" Resolved, That six thousand eopies of the report of the
Superintendent of the Coast Survey be printed—five thou-
sand copies for the use of the House, and one thousand
copies tbr the use of the Coast Survey.
The resolution having been read,
Mr. BURT said he would be glad if his friend
from Mississippi [Mr. McWillie] would inform
the House whether he expected the printing of the
same would be executed the present session. If
not, he (Mr. B.) did not see the propriety of ma-
king the order.
Mr. McWILLIE said that he had no doubt that
the printing, if ordered, would be executed forth- j
with.
The question was then put and the resolution
was agreed to.
TREASURY SCRIP.
Mr. EVANS, of Ohio, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill, of which previous notice had
been given, to authorize persons entitled to bounty
land under the act of September, 1850, to receive
Treasury scrip in lieu of land warrants; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Public Lands.
REVENUE CUTTER FOR OREGON.
Mr. THURSTON, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill, of which previous notice had been
given, providing a revenue cutter for the district
of Oregon; which was read a first and second time
! by its title, and referred to the Committee on Com-
; merce.
j HOMESTEADS.
| Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee,-asked the unan-
imous consent of the House to introduce a bill, of
> which previous notice had been given, to encour-
age agriculture, commerce, manufactures, and all
| other branches of American industry, by granting
j to every man, the head of a family,and a citizen of
the United States, a homestead of one hundred
and sixty acres of land, upon the condition of oc-
cupying and cultivating the saaae for four years.
Mr. ORR objected.
Mr. JOHNSON appealed to him to permit the
bill to be introduced merely for the purpose of
reference.
Mr. ORR persisted in his objection, and the bill
was not introduced.
THE GRANTS TO OHIO AND WISCONSIN.
Mr. DOTY, by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill, of which previous notice had been given,
to authorize the States of Ohio and Wisconsin to
locate the balance of lands to which they are re-
spectively entitled under the acts granting lands
to aid in the construction of the Wabash and
Erie, the Erie and Dayton, and the Erie canals,
and for the improvement of the Fox and Wiscon-
sin rivers; which was read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
GRANT OF LAND TO NEW YORK.
Mr. BENNETT, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill, of which previous notice had been
given, granting to the State of New York, for cer-
tain purposes, a just and equal proportion of the
public lands with that granted to other States;
which having been read a first and second time
by its title,
Mr. B. moved that it be referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HALL moved that it be referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands.
. The question was taken first on the motion to
refer to the Committee of the Whole on the state .
of the Union, and determined in the negative; and
The bill was then referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands.
WOODWORTH's PATENT.
Mr. SACKETT asked the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a bill, of which previous
notice had been given, to repeal the act entitled
" An act to extend the patent of William Wood-
worth."
Mr. CARTTER objected, and the bill was not
introduced.
Mr. DANIEL called for the regular order of
business.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House sundry Executive communica-
tions:
I. A letter from tne Secretary of State, trans-
mitting an abstract of the returns made to his De-
partment by the Collectors of Customs, pursuant
to the act of May 28, 1796, for the relief and pro-
tection of American seamen, showing the number
of seamen registered in the several ports of entry
of the United States during the year ending Sep-
tember 30, 1850; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
II. A letter from the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting a statement of the contingent expenses of
the Military Establishment for the year 1850, pur-
suant to the fifth section of an act approved March
3d, 1809; which, with the accompanying papers,
were ordered to be [referred to tne Committee of
Ways and Means and be printed.
III. A letter from the Secretary of War, in
compliance with the acts of April 21,1808, and
March 3, 1809, transmitting statements prepared
j in the several bureaus of that Department, of con-
i tracts and purchases made during the calendar year
1850; which, with the accompanying papers) were
! ordered to lie on the table ana be printed.
; IV. A letter from the Secretary of War, trans-
; mitting, in compliance with the act of August 26,
1842, statements of the expenditures made during
the year ending June 30,1850, from the appropria-
tions for contingent expenses of the War Depart-
ment and its several bureaux; which letter and ac-
companying documents were referred to the Com-
mittee on Expenditures in the War Department,
and ordered to be printed.
CONTESTED ELECTION.
The SPEAKER said, that the regular order of
business being called for, the business first in
order was the report of the Committee of Elec-
tions on the contested election for the State of
New Hampshire.
[The state of the question was as follows:
The majority of the Committee of Elections had
reported tne following resolution:
Retohed, That George W. Morrison is entitled to th«
seat which he holds as a Representative from the Third
Congressional district of New Hampshire.
And Mr. Tuck, of the minority of the com-
mittee, had moved to strike out all of the resolu-
tion after the word " Resolved," and insert the
following:
Ratoked, That Jared Perkins is entitled to a Mat in this
