206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 10,
under heaven, except getting rid of an office with
all its emoluments and advantages. [Renewed
laughter.] That seemed to my colleague and to
his Democratic friends passing strange—they could
not comprehend it. [Laughter.]
Mr. OLDS (who spoke so low as to be almost
inaudible to the Reporters) was understood to in-
3uire of his colleague if the Democratic members
rew their pay during the time they were absent ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I have heard that they did.
Mr. OLDS was understood to say that such
was not the case.
Mr. SCHENCK. "Well, the pay is not very
much in the Ohio Legislature. But, sir, I sup-
Eose that my colleague will admit that some fifteen
democratic Senators retired from the Senate cham-
ber and ensconced themselves in what was called
room Number Fifteen, of the American hotel,
Columbus, and barricaded themselves against the
sergeant-at-arms, and thus entirely stopped the
course of legislation.
Mr. DISNEY (Mr, Schenck yielding the floor)
wu understood to say, that for the benefit of his
colleague he would admit the fact, if his colleague
would also admit that the Whig members of the
Legislature of Ohio, rather than permit the Dem i- !
cratic majority acting, admittedly, in a constitu-
tional way, to exercise their constitutional powers
and authority, actually broke up the law-making
power of the State, and the news fell with stun-
ning effect upon the people of the State; for, famil-
iar as they were with the political history of the
Whig party, they were not prepared for an act
like that. But he would go further. He would
admit, that upon the occasion to which his col- :
league alluded, fifteen Democratic members of the
Senate did withdraw; but it was not in order to )
prevent the constitutional exercise of a constitu- j
tional power in a legitimate manner, but, on the I
contrary, those fifteen Democratic Senators with- I
drew from the body in order to prevent a Whig j
majority from trampling upon the constitution of j
the State, aye, and even upon public decency.
Mr. SCHENCK, (in continuation.) Very
well, sir; I do not see that my colleague very ma-
terially differs from me in my version of this af-
fair; he admits the facts of the case, but thinks
differently in judging of the conduct of those who
participated. He does not, as I understand, how-
ever, dispute the facts, but he says that the resig-
nation was made " violently." Now, I cannot agree
with the gentleman in his idea of violence, as ap-
plied to this case. I was present, and witnessed
the whole transaction. I might say of it, " mag-
na pars quorum fid," or " minima pars, " accord-
ing as the gentleman chooses to consider it.
Mr. CARTTER. I would add a few words,
if 
Mr. SCHENCK. One at a time, gentlemen.
The gentleman shall have his turn, but I feel
disposed to reply to the charges which my other
colleague has already made, and afterwards I
shall be happy to have as large a budget from
him as he can well advance. Well, sir, how
was this resignation accomplished? And in look-
ing at the real manner in which it was effected, it
is amusing that it is possible for any one to call it
violently done. Certain members of the Whig
party in the Legislature, assembled in the room
of one of their associates, and consulted as to
what could be rightfully and constitutionally done,
in order to prevent this act of the Democratic
party for districting the State, in a manner which
my colleague does not deny; to prevent, I say, this
act from passing. Now, the Democrats, as my
colleague does not dispute in the slightest decree,
would have held it proper in such a case to ac-
complish their object by refusing to act, and yet
retaining their seats; they would have held that
to be exercising a constitutional power, but to re-
sign the office and seats they held, they could not
comprehend. But the Whig Representatives on
this occasion recognized the right of the people
they represented, to their services, and feJt that
they were bound either to remain and vote or to
give up their seats in order that their constituents
might fill them. They also admitted the constitu-
tional right of the Legislature to divide the State
into twenty-one districts, to pass any law dis-
tricting the State, as they might think proper^—or
at least a constitutional power. My colleague
speaks in relation to the effect produced by this
act, that it was something like a revolution. The
Democratic party termed it a revolution under II
color of law; made a great deal of cant- about
constitutional rignts—said it would be a revolu-
tion oy which a minority should be made to rule
the majority of the State; held meetings to this
eil'ect, and talked about the counsels of the State
being stopped.
Mr. DiSNEY again interposed, but
Mr. SCHE N"CK said, I should be happy to give
way to the gentleman, out 1 have consumed too
much time already, and 1 am confined to the limits of
an hour. 1 beueve I know as much about this
transaction, if not more, than lry colleague himself.
Tue vVmgs, as i have said, rather than do what
they thought would be unconstitutional, to deprive
their constituents of their services, resigned their
seats. Now his Democratic friends, as my col-
league will not deny, retired on a somewhat simi-
lar occasion in their apprenension, and barricaded
themselves up in the room of a hotel. This he
thinks was not an unconstitutional act, and yet in
tais way they stopped the proceedings of the Legis-
lature for several days—I do not know exactly
how long, but I know it was several days.
Mr. POT f Ell. Three days.
Mr. DISNEY. Five days.
Mr. SCHENCK. One gentleman says three,
and the other five. Well, sir, the number of days
is immaterial, the principle is the same. The
wonder of these gentlemen seemed to be that we
should regard it a matter of propriety to resign
at all, and their astonishment was unbounded,
that we should give up an office and all the advanta-
fes of it when we were once fairly fixed in it.
Laughter.] And then the gentleman says that
it was so violently done, independently of every
other matter connected with its history, as to
amount to one of those outrages which he char-
acterized yesterday. Now, sir, at the time of the
consultation to which I have referred, when the
members met together and came to the conclusion
that their proper course was to tender their resig-
nations, we selected for that purpose Colonel
Chambers, a gentleman grown grey in the ser-
vice of the- State, venerable in his appearance,
honest in his character, mild in his deportment,
gentlemanly on all occasions, placed our resig-
nations in his hands, and requested him when
the subject came up in the House that morning or
the morning after, if he found that this measure
was to be forced through at railroad speed, and
that this enactment was to be placed upon the
statute book, to announce to the Speaker that he
held in his hand some twenty-six or thirty resigns
tions, which he begged leave to tender, and copies
of which had been also sent to the Governor of
the State. It was done quietly, courteously, and
mildly. It was done by a gentleman, us feeble,
so far as physical capacity was concerned, and as
gentle in his deportment as any who could have
been selected in the whole body. He was selected
indeed on that very account as much as on any other;
yet the gentleman complains of the violence of the
act, that it was done in such a way as to frighten
the good Democrats of the State of Ohio. Sir, it
frightened no one except the members of the Le-
gislature themselves, and after remaining together
some three or four days, and ringing the bells and
holding meetings in the market-house and address-
ing a letter to the then Governor of the State, the
fresent very excellent Secretary of the Treasury,
Mr. Corwin,] asking him, I believe, to call out
the militia to prevent these fellows from resigning,
[laughter,] to which he replied in his own pecu-
liar manner, saying that he did not know exactly
howitwas to be accomplished; that the two Houses
were to be judges themselves whether there was a
quorum present, and that he could not interfere—
after doing all this, they adjourned one night to
meet again the next morning, when only a few
scattered members made their appearance; the
game was over, and they finally adjourned with-
out any formal motion being made.
My colleague, it seems, is endowed with the
faculty risibility. He wishes to be entertained—he
likes something to laugh at. I should have thought
he would have found something to be amused
with on that occasion; but surely he must have
felt some alarm, from the manner in which he
seems now to view it. I confess, sir, that had I
known that this circumstance had so struck ter-
ror to the heart of my colleague and the country—
if I had known that my colleague was laboring
under some mysterious trepidation at this violent
resignation, at this destruction of the peace and j
quiet of the people of the country—I should have
been concerned, and have been ready at that time
to make a pilgrimage from my home, a distance
of fifty miles, to have endeavored to soothe his
fears, if I could have done so.
But let us look a little further at the real effects
of this resignation. We see that out of some
twenty-three members who thus resigned and
went before the people again, twenty-one were re-
turned to their seats in the Legislature—an extra-
ordinary success, which has seldom been presented
on any one distinct issue made before the people.
It is true that the Democrats were in a majority in
the next Legislature. They again passed an act to
, district the State; but how did they do it? Not
1 with anything like that same gerrymandering,—
though not fairly, I own. There was not near
so much of that outrageous unfairness which
characterized the previous act. They had been
taught to be less exacting by the wholesome lesson
they had just received. They had learned better
' what their constitutional rights were, and what
|; the rights of the people, for whom they legislated;
J they had learned that the people looked upon the
' previous act as being that of an unscrupulous and
! uncontrolled majority; at least of a majority that
would have been thus uncontrolled, had not the
minority exercised their constitutional right and
power of resignation.
My colleague [Mr. Root] at my left reminds
me of a circumstance in connection with the pass-
ing of this act, or rather its attempted passage,
which strikingly exemplifies the haste with which
the Democratic party were endeavoring to pass
, this act through the House. So eager were they
to get it through, and to frame the districts in
i such manner that the Democrats might be secure
; of a large preponderance of votes in the councils
1 of the nation, and so as to avoid the possibility
of Whig influence, that they had actually left out
one entire Whig county in the State, and provided
for it in no district whatever. And they would
have forced the bill through thus, in their eager-
ness, and had, indeed, proceeded so far as to be
beyond all amendment, and were about to proceed
to a final vote, when some Whig member pointed
out the error, and they had to recommit their bill
and work it out afresh.
The transactions attending the whole of this af-
fair, so far as regards the majority, were a shame-
less outrage, and the act of resignation by the
minority does not warrant the description the gen-
tleman has been pleased to give of it; but was per-
fectly justified by thg circumstances. The con-
duct of the Democratic majority in the proceeding
was well deserving of being termed "nefarious,"
if I were disposed to use a term so harsh and dis-
courteous.
Mr. DISNEY. Does the gentleman wish me
to specify any more cases ?
Mr. SCHENCK. As many cases as the
gentleman wishes. Let him produce the whole
budget of his charges. If he makes the charge, let
the House be in possession of all he can say on
the subject.
Mr. DISNEY. Then I will cite another case,
one, perhaps, more directly in point to the matter
before the House. The gentleman,- of course, re-
members the Morgan county case. In tJiat case
the Whig party cut off from Athens county one or
two townships, for the purpose of making Morgan
a clear and decided Whig county; and this was
done in opposition to the remonstrances of the
inhabitants—in opposition to the indignant denun-
ciations of the Senator who represented them, he
himself being a Whig—in opposition to the univer-
sal sentiment of the injustice of the case, and done,
too, unasked by a single petitioner from that part
of the State. The scheme originated in the Legis-
lature, and was carried out for the naked purpose
of obtaining one or more Whig representatives
than could be obtained without it. Does the gen-
tleman wish me to specify another case ?
Mr. SCHENCK. Oh, yes; just as many as
the gentleman desires.
Mr. DISNEY. If the House but had the pa-
tience, I could occupy the day in reciting the cata-
logue of Whig enormities in Ohio. I am norry
that I am forced into this thing. My statement
was bad enough. The gentleman's defence has
made the matter worse. Take the case of my
own county—where, in order to get one or two
Whig Representatives, that party, in the very eyes
and teeth of the constitution of the State, passed
