THE
GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $1 50 FOR THIS SESSION
3Ist Congress, 2d Session.
MONDAY, JANUARY 13, 1851.
New Series....No. 14.
they are in error, or the distinguished Secretary
of State is mistaken in his notions of the Consti-
tution. It will be perceived, Mr. Speaker, that
Air. W ebster denies the power to be in Congress.
1 only deny it to be in this House. It is all which
ia necessary for the adjudication of this case.
Certainlyi sir, either Mr. Webster's views or
those ol my honorable friends from New Jersey
and New \ ork, are heretical.
I lias ten now to the argument advanced by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Dubr.] He
admits, as every lawyer must, that there is nothing
 n the Constitution which conflicts with the right
of the New Hampshire Legislature to pass the
second districting act, and he also admits that it
embraces this case of a special election; but he as-
serts that it is invalid because it is inconsistent
with the act of Congress of June 25,1842, so often
.quoted. This conflict he infers from the words
.which it contains: "no one district electing more
than one Representative." If the special election
be conducted under the second districting act, then,
he argues, one district does elect more than one
Representative. Why? Because certain towns
which aided in the election of one, aided also in
the election of another.' After all, this amounts
only to the objection, that certain persons have
voted for two members of the same Congress. The
gentleman construes the language to mean, that
no elector, or, if not that, no body of electors
within a political division, shall vote for more than j
one Representative. Now, let us inquire if this is
the proper construction of the language. Suppose
the second districting act had never been passed,
ami Mr. Morrison had been elected by the electors
resident in Hillsborough and Cheshire counties: I |
ask the gentleman, would not the electors resident :
in those counties have voted for two Representa-
tives in the same Congress ? Would they not have
voted for Mr. Wilson, one, and Mr. Morrison, a
second ? The gentleman will revolt from the con-
clusion to which his argument leads him. No, sir.
The act of Congress of June 25, 1842, had refer-
ence to a state of things then existing. At that
time some of the States elected by double, and
some by treble, districts. The act did not declare
expressly, that there should be as many districts
in a State as the numberof Representatives to which
it is entitled; but it was intended to produce that
result by the clause, that no district should elect
more than one. Had it not been for that clause,
a State entitled to ten Representatives might have
complied with the law, and yet prescribed that
' one district might elect nine, and another district
one. That was the mischief which was intended
to be remedied, and that gives us the rule for the
construction of the statute. All that was intended
was, to secure the division of the State into as
many districts as its allotted number of Represent-
atives. Thus disappears the argument of the
gentleman against the Validity of the second dis-
tricting act—that of July, 1850. Upon his own
principles, therefore, he must vote to confirm the
right of the sitting member. I
Mr. Speaker, I have heard nothing else which
appears to me to require an answer. Gentlemen
talk of establishing a precedent, that electors may
vote twice. Sir, no precedent is to be established
in regard to that. Ever since the adoption of the
Constitution that has been done; and done with
universal acquiescence. The precedent, if any, to
be established, is, that a Representative elected in
accordance with the existing laws of a sovereign
State, is to be denied his seat in this body. No
such precedent meets us in our past history. No
House of Representatives heretofore has ever un-
dertaken to convert itself from a judicial tribunal
into a Legislature, and set up its own opinion in
regard to the propriety and equity of a State law,
regulating the manner of elections as paramount
to the solemn enactments of one of the parties to
this Confederacy. I ask the House to establish
no such precedent. I ask the House to permit,
in the languageof Mr. Webster, a State to present
her own representation on the floor of Congress,
in the mode she chooses to present it.
I leave the case to the adjudication of the House.
14
The SPEAKER stated that the main question
would be first on the amendment proposed by the
genlem&n from New Hampshire [Mr. Tuck] to
son, Venable, Walden, Waldo. Wallace, Watkins, Well-
born, Wentworth, Whittlesey, Woodward, and Young—98.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Alston, Ashmun, Ben-
nett, Breck, Briggs, Brooks, Burrows, Butler,E. C. Cabell,
"t   j j nriKJKS, tturrows,  uuer,i^. ^auen,
the resolution reported by the majority of the i Calvin, Campbell, Chandler. Clarke, Clingman, Conger,
Committee of Elections. i' Corwin, Crowe!!, Deberry, Dickey, Dixon, Doty, Duer,
Mr. CROWELL called for the yeas and nays. ■ D',ncan> Diirkee, Eliot, Nathan Evans, Fowler, Freedley,
Mr. SWEETSER moved that there be a call ^f^mon^
™e ... ' James 1" Johnson, Julian, Kerr, George G. King,Janica 6.
The SPEAKER ruled the motion out of order— i K ng, John A. King, Horace Mann, Marshall, Matteson,
the call for the previous question having been sus- JJc(5aughey, McKissock, Finis E. McLean, Daniel F.
tainpd Miller, Moore, Morehead, Morton, Nelson, Newell, Ogle,
" M "o-raTT7r"T>«!T'D c .l *• jr j- OUs> Outlaw,Pitman, Reed, Risley, Rockwell,Root, Rose,
Mr. oWK-fci loER, for the purpose of affording Rumsey, Sackett, Schenck, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft,
time for the absentees to be present, moved that Shepperd, Silvester, Spaulding, Spraeuc, Stanlv, Taylor,
the House adjourn, and on the motion demanded J"hnfc. Thompson, Thiirman, Toombs, Tuck, CnderhiH,
-J • - - Van Dyke, Vinton, White, and Williams—90.
the yeas and nays; which were ordered.
The question was then taken on the motion to
adjourn, and decided in the negative—ayes 2,
nays 183.
, So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurring on the amendment of
Mr. Tuck, the yeas and nays were ordered; and
the question having been taken, the result was—
yeas 84, nays 103—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Ashman, Bennett,
Breck, Briggs, Burrows, Butler, Calvin, Campbell, Chand-
ler, Clarke, Conger, Corwin, Crowell, Deberry, Dickey,
Dixon, Doty, Duncan, Durkee, Eliot, Nathan Evans,
Fowler, Freedley, Giddings, Goodenow, Gott, Gonld, Grin-
netl, Halloway, Hampton, Hay,Haymond, Hebard, Henry,
Mr. STRONG moved to reconsider the vote,
and to lay that motion on the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
So the House resolved that George W. Morri-
son was entitled to the seat which he held as a
Representative from the Third Congressional dis-
trict of New Hampshire.
On motion, the House then adjourned.
PETITIONS, 4c.
The following petitions were presented under the rule,
and referred to appropriate committees:
By Mr. SWTELLE: The petition of John Thompson
and 38 others, citizens of Mercer in the State of Maine,
praying the repeal of the fugitive slave law.
By Mr. PHELPS: The petition of Hamilton Finney and
suaii, iuauesuii, itiu^auguey, . it:rvissttcK, r ims r.. jmc- , 64 others, citizens of Cass county, Missouri, praying for a
Lean, Daniel r. Miller, Moore, Morton, Nelson, Newell, 1 grant of public land to aid in the construction of the Pacific
Ogle, Otis, Pluenix, Pitman, Reed, Risley, Rockwell, i railroad.
Root, Rose, Rumsey, Sackett, Schenck, Schermerhorn,
Schoolcraft, Silvester, Spaulding, Sprague, Stanly, Thad-
dfus Stevens, Taylor,John B. Thompson, Thurman, Tuck,
UnderhiH, Van Dyke, Vinton, White, and Williams—84.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertton, Averett, Bayly, Beale, Bell,
Booth, Bowdon, Bowlin, Boyd, Albert G. Brown, William
J. Brown, Buel, Bullard, Burt, Joseph Cable, George A.
Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Cartter, Cleveland, Cling-
man, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Daniel, Danner, Dimmiek,
Also, the petition of the Judges of the county court of CaM
county, Missouri, praying a grant of land to aid in the con-
struction of die Pacific railroad.
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 10, 1851.
 s  ... } ;„  The PRESIDENT of the Senate laid before
Disney, Duer, Dunham, Ewiflg, Featherdton, Fitch, Fuller, ; body a communication from the Secretary of the
Gentry, Gerry, Gilbert, Gorman, Green, Hall, BauiDM, War, made in compliance with the act of August
I Haralson, Harlan, Isham G. Harris, Sampson W. HM, i; ofi laio travicmittino- afntompnts nf the exnendt
S Thomas t. Harris, Hibbard, Hoagland, Holladay, Howard, , ' transmitting statements ot tne expenai
Inge, Joseph W. Jackson, Andrew Johnson, Robert W.
! Johnson, Jones, La Sire, Leffler, Littlefield, Job Mann,
McClernand, McDonald, McDowell, McLanahan, Robert
M. McLane, McMullen, McQueen, McWillie, Meade,
John K. Miller, Millson, Morris, Morse, Orr, Outlaw, Par-
ker, Peaslee, Peck, Penn, Phelps, Richardson, Kobbins,
Robinson, Ross, Savage, Sawtelle, Seddon, Shepperd, '
Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Stetson, Strong, \
Sweetser, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, James Thompson, j
Toombs, Yenable, Walden, Waido, Wallace, Watkins,
tures duringthe year ending June 30th, 1850, from
the appropriations for contingent expenses of the
War Department and its several bureaus; which
was read and ordered to be printed.
MEMORIALS, &C.
Mr. YULEE presented a memorial from the
present and late registers and receivers of the land
looniD9) vena we, w&Jden, w&idOj vv a/Jace, Watkins, office in N^ftwnnnsvilip askino1 in hp allowed ad-
Wellborn, Wentworth, Whittlesey, Woodward, and Young j!™- , ^ ewnansvuie, asKing to oe allowed aa
^ • (litmna I (inmnnnootir>n f>\i* Isiontiricr tr i lirnvir tiAimtv
—103.
! Mr. POTTER, when his name was called upon
! the above vote, stated that he had paired off with
; Mr. Hilliard, of Alabama; and
, Mr. HAMILTON, who was in favor of the
j sitting member, stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Evans, of Maryland, who was in favor o
, the contestant.
Mr. STRONG moved a reconsideration of the
, above vote, and moved to lay that motion on the
) table; which latter motion was agreed to.
j So the House resolved that Israel Perkins was
not entitled to the seat as a member from the Third
{ Congressional district in the State of New Hamp-
1 shire.
The question recurred on the adoption of the
resolution reported from the Committee of Elec-
tions.
Mr. CROWELL demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered. *
The question was then taken, and the resul
as—yeas 98, nays 90—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Averett, Bayly, Beale, Bell,
Booth, Bowdon, Bowlin, Boyd, Albert G. Brown, Wm. J.
Brown, Buel, Bullard, Burt, Joseph Cable, George A.
Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Cartter, Cleveland, W. R.
W. Cobb, Daniel, Danner, Dimmiek, Disney, Dunham, Ew-
ing, Featherston, Fitch, Fuller, Gentry, Gerry, Gilbert, Gor-
man, Green, Hall, Hammond, Haralson, Harlan, Isham G.
Harris, Sampson W- Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Hibbard, i
Hoagland, Holladay, Howard, Inge, Joseph W. Jackson, !
Andrew Johnson, Robert W.Johnson, Jones, La S^re,Lef- I
fler, Littlefield, Job Mann, McClernand, McDonald, Me- j
Dowel I. McLanahan, Robert M. McLane, McMullen, Mc- I
Queen, MeVVillie, Meade, John K. Miller, Millson, Mor- I
ris, Morse, Orr, Parker, Peaslee, Peck, Penn, Phelps,
Richardson, Robbins, Robinson, Ross, Savage, Sajvtelle, .
Seddon, Frederick P. Stanton,Richard H. Stanton, Stetson,
ditional compensation for locating military bounty
! land warrants; which was ordered to lie on the
i table.
Also, from the late registers and receivers of the
; land office at Tallahassee, in the State of Florida,
asking to be allowed an increase of compensation
for locating military bounty land warrants; which
j was ordered to lie on the table.
i REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the memorial of citi-
zens of the United States interested in manufac-
i tures and theprogress of useful inventions, asking
that the bill before the Senate to amend the patent
j laws may be postponed until the next session of
' Congress, reported against printing the same.
The vote was taken upon agreeing with the re-
port of the committee, but the result, a doubtful
one, was not announced, when
Mr. BADGER moved to lay the whole subject
on the table.
Mr. HAMLIN. Will the Senator from North
Carolina be pleased to withdraw his motion for a
brief explanation ? *
Mr. BADGER. Certainly.
Mr. HAMLIN. I simply desire to say that
the report of the committee is predicated upoh a
rule which has heretofore induced the committee
[ to report against printing the memorials of private
citizens relative to subjects of merely personal in-
terest.
The report of the committee was concurred in.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the resolution of the
Senate of January 9,1851, in relation to printing
Strong,'sweetser, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Jas.'Thoinp^ 1 extra copies of the Appendix to the report of the
