2m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 10,
Regents of the Smithsonian Institution, reported
the following resolution, and recommended its
adoption:
Resolved, That three thousand additional copies of the
Appendix to the report of the Regents of ttie Smithsonian
Institution be printed; twenty thousand copies for the use
of the Senate, and one thousand copies for the use of the
Smithsonian Institution.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. DOUGLAS, from the Committee on the
Territories, to which was referred the memorial
of the Legislature of Oregon, asking the extin-
guishment of the Indian titles and removal of In-
dians from that Territory, the payment of the ex-
penses of the Cayuse war, &c., reported "A bill
to pay the expenses of the Cayuse war in the Ter-
ritory of Oregon in the years 1847 and '48;" which
was read and passed to a second reading.
On motion by Mr. DOUGLAS,
Ordered, That the memorial of the Legislature of Ore-
gon accompanying the bill be printed.
Mr. DOUGLAS, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill to ascertain the provisions of an act
to create the office of surveyor general of the
public lands in Oregon, and to provide for the sur-
vey and to make donations to settlers of said pub-
lic lands, approved September 27, 1850, and to
make the same applicable to the Territory of
Utah; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. CASS submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Relations be
instructed to inquire into the propriety of allowing compen-
sation to Benjamin Rush for his services as charge d'af-
faires of the United States at London.
On motion, ordered, that when the Senate ad-
journs it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
POST ROUTES IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. GWIN submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing the post routes specified in a memorandum fur-
' nished by the Census Commissioner for the State of Cali-
fornia, viz:
From San Francisco to Sacramento City, via Benicia.
From San Francisco to Stockton, via New York, daily,
by steam.
From San Francisco to San Jose, via Santa Clara, daily,
part of the year by steam and the remainder in stages.
From San Francisco to Benicia, via Sansiiito, San Ra-
phael, Petaluma, Sonora, mid Napa, twice a week, onl
horseback.
From San Jos^ to Santa Cruz, via Red Woods, once a
week, on horseback.
From San J036 to Benicia, via Mission of San Jos£, Ama-
dou, and Martinez, once a week, on horseback.
From San Jose to Stockton, via San Joaquin City, Gray-
son, Tuolumne City, and Empire City, once a week, on
horseback.
From San Jose to Monterey, via Gildroy's and San Juan,
twice a week, on horseback.
From Monterey to Mariposas Mines, via San Juan and
Pachecos, once in two weeks, on horseback.
From Monterey to Los Angeles, via Soledad, San Mi-
guel, San Louis Obispo, Dana's, Santa Inez, Santa Bar-
bara, and San Buenaventura.
From Los Angeles to San Diego, via Santa Anna, San
Juan, Capistrano, and Santa Marguerita, one each per week,
en horseback.
From Los Angeles to Gila Town, via San Gabriel, Ro-
ando, Cluno, Temecula, and Agua Caliente, once iu two
weeks, on horseback.
From Los Angeles to San Pedro, once a week, on horse-
back.
From Stockton to Mariposas Mines, via Emory's Ferry,
Knight's, Mountain Inn, Jamestown, Sonora, Hawkins's
Bar, and Agua Frio.
From Stockton to Sonora, via Ranche Louise, Double
Springs, Mockulume Hill, Murphy's Diggings, Carson
Creek, and Mormon Gulch, once each per week, so as to
give Sonora a demi-weekly mail for the present.
From Stoekton to Sacramento, via Laird's, daily in stages
in Summer, in Winter either on horseback or steamboat
through the Georgiana channel.
From Sacramento City to Ringgold, via Patterson's Mis-
sissippi Bar, Mormon Island, Greenwood Valley, Coloma,
Webbsville, Salmon Falls, Georgetown, and Placerville,
daily in stages in Summer, horseback in Winter, at the op-
tion Of the contractor.
From Sacramento City to Log Town, via Dr. Tranfton's,
Nantucket, and Mudd Springs.
From Sacramento City to Volcano, via Dayton's, Dry
Creek, and Jackson, each once per week on horseback.
From Sacramento City to Maysville, via Vernon, Nicho-
laus, Yuba City, and Eliza, daily in Stages in low water,
and in high water per steamboats.
From Sacramento City to Redding's S prings, via Fremont
Cache Creek, Colurio, Idis, and Cottonwood Creek, once a
week on horseback, Redding's Springs, in the county seat
of Shasta county, sometimes called Sbusta City, and Red-
ding's Diggings.
Fftim Sacramento City to Nevada City, via Ophir, Illinois-
town, and Rough and Ready, twice a week on horseback:
this route has now daily stages running at this time.
From Maysville to Downerville, via Foster's Bar, once a
week on horseback.
From Maysville to Toll's Diggins, via Veazie City,Ham-
ilton, and Bidwell's Baf.
From Redding's Diggings to Humboldt Bay, Eureka, via
Weaver Town, Big Bar, on the Trinidad, South Trinidad,
Red Wood, and Union Town, once a week on horseback.
BILLS PASSED.
The following engrossed bills were read a third
time and passed:
The bill changing the place of holding the cir-
cuit and district courts of the United States for the
district of Vermont.
On motion the title of the above bill was amend-
ed so as to read "A bill changing the places and
fixing the times for holding the circuit and district
courts in the district of Vermont."
The engrossed resolution relinquishing to the
State of Maryland two of the cannon captured by
the brigade under the command of Brigadier Gen-
eral Bennet Riley, at the battle of Contreras, in
Mexico, was read a third time and passed.
"WIDOW'S PENSION.
The engrossed bill for the relief of Sarah D.
Mackay was read a third time; and the question
recurred on itspassage.
Mr. YULEE. I would be glad if the gentlemen
who take an interest in this bill would permit it
to lie over for the present. I am very desirous
of giving the subject some examination, and there-
fore I move to postpone the further consideration
of the bill until Monday next.
Mr. PEARCE. I conceive that there is no ne-
cessity of postponing jhis bill. There is no intri-
cacy in the subject, nor in the principle, that will
require it to be searched out. It has been admitted
that there is no general law which authorizes the
passage of such a bill as this. Its passage is urged
upon the clear merits of the case—the extraordi-
nary individual hardship, and the fact that Con-
gress has repeatedly, upon other occasions, where
the claim was not warranted upon any general
law, passed special acts in certain private cases to
meet their peculiar circumstances. I think no
delay will enaWe the Senator from FJorida to dis-
q^fcr any new fact or new principle in regard to
this subject, and I do not therefore see why the
Senate should not come to a vote upon the bill at
once.
Mr. YULEE. I differ with my friend from
Maryland as to the importance of this bill. I
think it involves a very important general princi-
ple. I cannot find that there is a single instance
in which Congress have agreed to renew a military
pension to a widow which has once expired. This
is the first case of the kind I have been able to find.
If it pass, it will be a precedent; and gentlemen
who have been observant of the disposition of
some members of this body for two or three years
past, will know that it has been within the purpose
and policy of a portion of this body to make the
pensions of widows permanent.
Mr. PEARCE, (interposing.) If the Senator
will allow me, I will .mention a fact to correct his
misapprehension. He supposes no such case as
this has occurred. In this he is certainly mistaken.
I can name two cases similar to this, which he
will probably well remember—one the case of the
widow of Major Dade, who lost his life in the
Senator's own State, (Florida,) and the other that
of the widow of Captain Gardner, passed at the
last session of Congress. Then, there are the
cases which 1 have before alluded to—the widows
of Colonel McLean and General Worth, which,
to be sure, are not cases of renewals, but of original
pensions, granted where they had no right to a
pension at all, according to law, for a single mo-
ment of time.
Mr. YULEE. I admit that there have been
cases in which applications not coming within the
special provison of the law have been rejected by
the Commissioner of Pensions, and made the sub-
ject of special legislation and relief by Congress.
But if the cases of Mrs. Dade and of Mrs. Gardner
were cases of renewal, they have escaped my at-
tention; and if they were cases of renewal it makes
the more necessary a careful determination by the
Senate of the principles which they will apply to
this application; because out of all these repeated
instances of special legislation, a system will grow
up which,, in justice to others similarly circum-
stanced, will require us to make in the end a gen-
eral provision for all. If we intend to go on es-
tablishing precedents by which we may be drawn
into a • special provision of this kind, we should
determine it at once, and in this instance. If it is
right that we should do it at all, we should do
it in all cases. I have no doubt that this is a case
appealing specially and very strongly to our sym-
pathies; that the circumstances narrated by the
Senator from Maryland yesterday are all true,
and that they present a very strong case of individ-
ual appeal to our sympathies. But I can mention
a hundred other cases quite as strong, perhaps
more so, in my own State; and doubtless every
other gentleman on this floor is able to present
other instances, in which equally strong circum-
stances appeal to our sympathies and our aid. A
necessity will grow up for a general provision for
all similar cases, when, session after session, we
approve of special cases. The ground upon which,
as I suppose, the policy rests by which pensions
for five years are granted to widows of officers
who have died in their line of duty is to make such
provision for them as would enable them, upon
the suddenness of the emergency, to sustain them-
selves comfortably until, by the aid of friends, or
other means, they might be able to make provis-
ion for their support and comfort. A liberal pro-
vision was therefore made for five years. If it is
proposed to make that provision permanent and
perpetual, you must rest it upon a principle of
charity, and it was to that principle that the Sen-
ator made appeal yesterday. As I this morning
read his remarks, lie presents it as a case appeaf-
ingto the charity of the Senate.
The examination I was desirous to make was
into the amount now paid as widows'pensions,
and which it appears to me, upon a very hasty
estimate, is exceedingly large, much larger than
I supposed; exceeding, I think, in the aggregate,
a million of dollars. I was desirous to ascertain
from the Commissioner of Pensions what would
be the prob^le addition to the burden upon the
Treasury if we recognize and adopt the policy
which would continue perpetually the annual pen-
sions to widows of deceased officers. If we com-
mence the system—if we make a general provision,
and if we resort to special legislation, we must in
the end come to a general provision—we must not
only provide for the future, but must go back and
pay annual pensions to every one whosefive years'
pension has ceased. It is very important that we
should know to what amount we are to be involved
in the present stinted condition of the Treasury.
When we look to the large expenditures we are
called upon to make, and to the limited means
with which we are provided to meet them, it be-
comes us to consider, before we establish prece-
dents by which we may be drawn into so large an
expenditure. I would like to have the examina-
tion of a committee on the subject.
- If the Pension Committee are not prepared to
answer specifically the objects of inquiry, I would
like to have the bill recommitted to the Military
Committee, or some other committee, with in-
structions to examine into the propriety of making
a general provision. If such a provision is made,
I shall deem it my duty to bring forward an hun-
dred other cases, asking a similar provision, un-
der circumstances equally strong, and with as loud
appeals to the sympathy of the country as this
case, which is now presented to the Senate. I
know of many in my State, where widows are
probably in a condition in which they have less
support from the sympathies and charities of those
around them than this lady, who, I presume, re-
sides in a very populous country, ana I hope one
not less charitable than other portions of the Union.
I am very sorry to have interposed any difficulty
to the passage of this bill. If it were to stop with
this special and single case, I should not have
deemed itmy duty to have done so; but, believing,
from manifestations we have had in other ses-
sions, that it is the policy, purpose, design, and de-
sire of a portion of this body to establish a system
by which the provision for widows shall be made
permanent and perpetual, I deem it proper to meet
the question on this bill, which presents a prece-
dent under which that purpose may be carried into
effect.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, this bill, it is
true, does not come within the form of the exist-
ing law, but within the reason of the rule of that
law. The Senator has said, very properly, that
the object of the law which gives a five-years'pen-
