1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
211
sion to the widows of officers of the army who
have died in the service of their country is, to pro-
vide against sudden and helpless destitution. The
law assumes, as a general rule, that if the widows
have a pension for five years, that destitution will
be effectually provided against. That, probably,
is the fact in the majority of cases, and, being so,
the general rule ought to correspond. But where
there is an exceptional case—one which comes
within the reason of the rule of the law—Congress
ought to make the exception by its legislation, and
extend its bounty to those individuals, and save
them from destitution. After they have lost their
natural protectors, their only source of dependence
from which they can draw, except the bounty of
the Government—when that is tie case, and the
general reason of the rule of five years does not
apply to them, then occurs the instance in which
the bounty of Congress is just as exigently de-
manded as it was originally.
The Senator from Florida remarked yesterday
upon the difference between the different footing
of the officers of the Army and those of the Navy—
that we gave pensions for lite to widows of naval
officers; and he discriminated between the rights
whole United States as wise as I think I am, in
this particular. [Laughter.] They will be gov-
erned by their own particular notions; but as long
as they have this system of pensions, which 1
Mr. BERRIEN. Mr. President, I designed to
submit that motion to the Senate, on the statement
of the Senator from Ohio that he had a desire to
move an amendment to the original bill. I trust,
think totally, radically, and entirely wrong, it I; therefore, the motion will prevail,
ought to be administered with some sort of show ™"
of equity; and if we do wrong, we should do
wrong to all alike. Now what is this case ? Here
is the widow of an officer killed in the line of his
duty while going to Florida. He leaves a widow,
1 and under the operation of the general law she
receives a pension. This she enjoys for five years,
and to show that she is not greedy of the public
charity, but that she is desirous of doing some-
thing lor her own support, instead of living at the
public expense, this widow lady, thus deprived of
him who was her support and her stay, after the
charity of the Government for five years has
expired, continues for nine years, by strenuous
exertions with her needle, to support herself, so
that she might not be a burden on anybody. But,'
sir, nine years of hard labor, incessant sorrow, de-
privation, and want have had their effect upon her
physical system; and now her health is giving way;
the eyes which enabled her to work for her sup-
to a pension, because there was a pension fund i port have failed her, and in her widowhood, m
' 1 ' ' ' ~ her old age, when feebleness, sickness, and pov-
erty have taken possession of her frame, she finds
that she has no resource, nowhere to look, except
to the Government in whose service her husband,
that should have been her support, lost his life.
Here, then, is the widow of an old servant re-
from which the provision for naval officers was
made. If the Senator had gone a little further, he
would probably have said that this fund had been
taken out of the earnings of officers in the Navy,
not from their emoluments, but from their prize
money. Now, I know the unjust discrimination
between Army and Navy officers in that respect, i duced in her old age to sickness, poverty, and des-
It is one which I endeavored to correct by a resO'
lution which I introduced to place the officers of
the Army and Navy, on the same footing. The
Army officers have no prize money; and though
they capture millions and millions of public prop-
erty, none of it is devoted to their use; the Gov-
ernment takes the whole. It is, therefore, really
no particular merit which entitles a naval officer to
the pension fund, which was created out of the
prize money. That is as much the grant of the
Government as anything else. If military officers
had been dealt with upon principles of equal jus- i
tice, there would have been a fund of some sort
provided for them from their captures. But there
is no such provision; and I do not think the char-
ity of the Government towards the surviving wid-
ows of the officers of the Army should be stinted
because it has not thought proper to allow a por-
tion of the prize-money to be appropriated to a
pension fund, and, having exhausted it, supplies
are demanded from the general Treasury.
I really hope this bill will pass. It is an excep-
tional case, and, in the whole history of the Gov-
ernment, there are comparatively but few such
cases; which shows that the Senator's apprehen-
sion of establishing a precedent by which we shall
be overwhelmed with similar cases, so that we
shall be obliged in the end to make a general law
applicable to all, is unfounded. Besides, sir, it is
better that we should make these provisions occa-
sionally, in cases of extraordinary hardship, than
to make a general rule which will give pensions
for life to the widows of all officers, whether they
be im indigent circumstances or not. I would like
to guard against such a general consequence, and
make occasional provision only for specific cases.
Mr. HALE. As I reported this bill, I wish to
say a word in regard to the objections of the Sen-
ator from Florida, that it is not within the opera-
tion of the law. Permit me to remark that our
whole legislation is based on the acknowledged
iact that not a single case reported by the Com-
mittee on Pensions comes within the operation of
the general law. If it did, it would never come
here at all; because the general law is carried out
by executive officers, and therefore does not need
any other legislation. But if that is a valid argu-
ment against this bill, it must be valid against
every pension bill that can by any possibility be
reported. They are all exceptions to the general
laws; and if they were not, they would not come
up here; so that that argument may be urged
against every pension bill that may be reported.
During the time I have been in this body, I think
I have voted as strenuously against pensions as
any member in this or the other portion of Con-
gress; and I would be glad to see the whole sys-
tem cut up, root and branch. I think it is all
wrong. It is based on a wrong idea and a wrong
estimation. But I cannot ingraft my opinions on
the legislation of the country. I cannot make the
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The bill is now before the
Senate, and is open to amendment.
Mr. CHASE. I propose to amend the bill by
adding to the end of it the following words:
" And notaries public, duly appointed in any State or Ter-
ritory, or in the District of Columbia, shall have the same
power and authority in taking depositions and affidavits to
be read in causes depending in any court of the U nited
States, as are conferred by the thirtieth section of the act
to establish the judicial courts of tlie United States, ap-
proved September twenty-fourth, 1789, upon the magistrates
and officers therein named, or by the act for the more con-
venient taking of affidavits and bail in civil causes depend-
ing in the courts of the United States, approved February
20,1812, upon the commissioners therein named."
Mr. BERRIEN. The effect of that amendment
will be to give the same power to notaries public
as is conferred by the act of 1789 upon judges,
magistrates, and commissioners, in taking deposi-
tions. These notaries are generally intelligent
men, and as competent, generally, I think, as those
, before whom the depositions are usually taken.
1 The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
PUBLIC LANDS IN WISCONSIN.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to which was referred the bill to au-
thorize the State of Wisconsin to select the resi-
due of the lands to which that State is entitled
under the act of the eighth of August, 1846, to
aid in the improvement of the Fox and Wiscon-
sin rivers, reported back the same without amend-
ment.
Mr. SHIELDS. I now ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to consider that bill at this
time. It is a bill in which the Senators from Wis-
consin take a deep interest, and I hope it will be
put on its passage. I will state in a few words
the nature of the bill.
A grant was made to the State of Wisconsin,
as I find by the report of the commissioners on
titution; and she comes to the Government and
asks for a little pittance to enable her to eke out the
few years she has to live in comparative ease and
comfort. This country which her husband so
well and so gallantly served is now called upon to
supply his place to this extent.
But we are met with the argument that this is a
dreadful precedent; that if the Government do this, j
they will be called upon to do a great deal more; 1
that the floodgates of the Treasury will be opened,
and that there will be no end to things of this
kind; and an appeal, or rather a remonstrance,
has been made against this, which I did not ex-
pect from the chairman of the Com^ttee on Naval .
Affairs. Why, I would ask if there is nopotQi- i public lands, of three hundred and fifty-eight*
ble object upon which bounties of the Government , j thousand acres. It has been ascertained that of that
can legitimately fall except upon officers of the quantity fifty thousand acres were sold previous to
Navy ? If this lady had been the widow of an
officer of the Navy she would not have come here.
The general law would have been sufficient, and
she would have taken and enjoyed it much more
liberally than if we gave her the small sum which
she now asks. But because her husband hap-
pened to be an officer of the Army, instead of an
officer of the Navy, she is subjected to all this de-
tention and trouble in order to receive what is
rightly her due.
I think that Senators understand these matters
well enough, and I will not detain them with any
further discussion of the subject.
Mr. FOOTE. Mr. President, I must say that
before I heard the speech of the Senator from New
Hampshire, if the vote had been taken, I should
have voted for the motion to postpone; but after
listening to the details which that Senator has
given to us, I shall vote against the motion to
postpone, and in favor of the passage of the bill, j
The motion to postpone was not agreed to. I
Mr. YULEE called for the yeas and nays on the j
question, "Shall the bill pass?" and they were
ordered, and were as follow:
YEAS—MesSrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Cass, Chase,
Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Mississippi, Dayton, I
Dodge of Wisconsin, Downs, Ewin , Foote, Greene, Hale,
Houston, Jones, Mangum, Mason, Milier, Pearce, Phelps,
Khett, Rusk, Sebastian, Shields, Smith, Houle, Spruaace, 1
Upliam, Wales, Walker, and Winthro|>—-32. I
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Berrien, Clemens, Dawson, :
Dickinson, Dodge of Iowa, Hunter, King, Underwood,
Whitcomb, and Yulee—11.
So the bill was passed.
NOTARIES PUBLIC.
The Senate bill entitled " An act to amend an
' act to authorize notaries public to take and certify
oaths and affirmations and acknowledgments in
certain cases," came up on its third reading.
Mr. CHASE. With the approbation of the
Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Berrien,] who re-
ported this bill, I desire to move a reconsideration
of the vote by which the bill was ordered to a j
third reading, with a view to offer an amendment. |
the time when the grant took effect, and the State is
therefore now entitled to fifty thousand acres to
make up for the deficiency. The report of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office shows
the truth of this statement.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to,
and it was considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. DAWSON. I do not expect to prevent the
passage of that bill; but I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to a principle which is involved
in it which will cover a multitude of cases which
are now in the progress of legislation in the two
Houses of Congress. As I understand it, in cases
where alternate sections of land have been ap-
propriated to works of internal improvement, and,
prior to the passage of any bill which makes these
appropriations, any portion of such alternate sec-
tions shall have been sold or disposed of in any-
way by the Government, the amount thus sold
shall be ascertained, and then the company, or
State, in favor of which these appropriations were
made, shall be entitled to the same quantity of
lands in any other part of the State, if it be found
that the lands are not all sold. It results thenin this:
It will be found that many of the public lands
which were granted at the last session for the pur-
pose of constructing four hundred miles of rail-
road have been disposed of. We are establishing
a principle now that will requife us to make up a
deficiency of a number of acres of land in Illinois
and other States. I am not opposed to having
Congress establish any principle they choose upon
this subject, but I am well satisfied that the new
States will, by such acts, engross nearly the whole
of the public lands. I merely wish to call th^at-
tention of the Senate to the subject, to show the
necessity on the part of the old States of uniting
at once for the purpose of making some fair and
equal distribution of the public lands. The old
thirteen States will finally get nothing unless they
do so.
This brings me back to the proposition to which
for many years I was violently opposed; and ahtt
