212
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 10,
is, the distribution of the public lands among the :
several States. I have hitherto announced my !
opposition to that principle; but I have become <
convinced that the^only just principle is for the
United States to distribute the public lands among
the States, anil I believe I will take occasion to
notify the Senate that upon the first occasion which
presents itself, I shall tavor any bill which is pre-
sented for the purpose of carrying out the princi-
ple I have suggested. I ask the old States wnether
they are willing to submit to an appropriation of
the whole proceeds of these lands, or the lands
themselves, without making an effort to have the
advantages of them:
I shall not oppose the passage of this bill, be-
cause the Senator from Wisconsin has shown that
the principle has been established; and all we have
to do at any time is to show that a principle has
been established, and then a similar bill, which
comes within the principle of the bill which has
been made a precedent, is to be passed of course.
The pension bill which passed this morning will
be referred to hereafter, and the principle will be
pursued; bills will be introduced, and it will be
very hard for any one to resist these appropria-
tions. I know the majority is against me, and if.,
we had public lands in my State, I would unite in
the scramble to get as much as possible.
Mr. FOOTE. I do not rise for the purpose of
discussing this question, but only for the purpose
of expressing the deep regret that I feel at one sug-
gestion made by my friend frem Georgia this
morning. He has suggested to lis, in a very se-
rious manner, that he feels some disposition to
revive one of the old party issues. Now, I am
utterly opposed to it. I believe that we ought to
attend to other and to higher matters at the pres- ,
ent time, until the country shall be effectually
quieted. And for one, I will solemnly protest '
against the revival of any old party issue. For one,
I wish that subject to sleep the sleep of the tomb.
I will not occupy the attention of the Senate by
an extended harangue at present. I have risen for
the purpose of solemnly protesting against the car-'
rying out of this intention of my friend from Geor-
gia. I must say that it does not perfectly harmo-
nize with the noble stand lately assumed by his own
* State, perhaps somewhat under his own counsels.
I hope, before this intention is carried out, he will
see the propriety of concurring with me in the
views that I have now stated. I will announce to j
him that if I see it necessary—if I see that an effort j.
is made to reverse the decisions of the last session j
of Congress upon this important and delicate ques- |,
tion—if the Senator does persevere in his intention i !
—I will not only protest formally against it, but I i|
will endeavor to have my protest entered upon the 1'
Journals of the Senate, for the inspection and con-
sideration of posterity.
Mr. WALKER. I regret to see any objec-
tion interposed here by the Senator from Georgia;
for, if the policy of this Government should be
the sale of those lands with a view of putting
money into the public Treasury, this bill is effect- •
ually calculated to promote that object. If the i
commissioner of the public lands had reported all
the facts, it would have been found that Wiscon-
sin, young as she is, and particularly that portion
of Wisconsin in the region of country where this
grant is made, has furnished threefold more money
to the Government than any other State in the
Union with an equal amount of population. Sir,
what has caused this increased amount of money ,
from this region of country? It followed as a natural
result from the principle on which all these grants
are based. That principle brings the lands into
market; increases the settlements in the State; the
settlers buy the lands; they pay the money for
them, and it goes into the Treasury of the United *
States. If the Senator will take the trouble to in- !
vestigate the matter thoroughly, he will find that '
from the State of Wisconsin, young as she is,
threefold the amount of money has come into the
Treasury of the United States that has come from ]
any ^ther State having an equal amount of popu-
lation; and the greatest portion of it has come j
from the very region in which this grant is made.
By these means the Government has sold nearly
all the public lands and got the money for them,
and is using that money fbr national purposes; ;
and it is really the most forcible argument that j
can be offered to show that it is the correct policy ,
of this Government to carry but this principle. !,
I hope, sir, there will be no further debate on
this subject, and that this bill, as we have a prece-
dent for it, will be allowed to pass this morning.
If cases have occurred, such as the Senator from
Georgia has mentioned, and if beneficial results do
arise from this course of policy, pray let us pass
the bill, that we may have the advantage of it as
soon as possible.
Mr. DODGE, Wisconsin. Mr. President, the
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Shields] has correctly
stated that I feel a deep interest in the passage of
this bill. It is necessary to the completion of a
very important work which has been commenced
in tlie State which I in part represent. This im-
provement, when completed, connects the waters
of the Mississippi with those of the St. Lawrence.
It is adding greatly to the importance of that por-
tion of the country in a commercial point of view.
The improvement has been commenced; the com-
munication has been opened between the Fox and
Wisconsin rivers. The appropriation heretofore
made by Congress has been properly and judi-
ciously applied, and the quantity now asked—
which is but about fifty-two thousand acres of land
—will have a very desirable bearing upon the com-
pletion of this important work. In a military point
of view I have ever regarded it as adding to the
means of defence and protection of that portion of
the frontier. I have recently been along the line
of the improvement, and I speak from a knowl-
edge of the progress of the work when I say
that much good has been effected by the original
grant. It opens to the people of that region the
markets of the cities bordering on the lakes, and
also that of the great city of New York. It will
enhance the value of the public domain, and ena-
ble this Government to sell millions of acres which
it could not otherwise dispose of.
I have not, I trust, Mr. President, heretofore
been troublesome to this body. I have consumed
but a small portion of its time, and, I hcipe, have
never been importunate or unreasonable in my
requests. I feel conscious that the measure is right,
ana I ask the favor of the Senate to consider and
pass it to-day-
Mr. DAWSON. Theie is no Senator on this
floor whose wishes and desires would have more
influence oveiAe than those of the Senator from
Vlwconsin who has just taken his seat; but there
is a principle in all our legislation connected with
the public lands. The junior Senator from Wis-
consin [Mr. Walker] has stated the principle
truly, that these appropriations have been made
with a view to increase the value of public lands
along the line of internal improvements, whether
it be by navigation or by railroad.
In order to see how far this principle is applica-
ble in this case, let us examine it for a moment. If
these have already been disposed of, how are the
public lands to be benefited ? How, then are the
public lands to be inceased in value along the line
of this work of improvement ? My friend from
Mississippi [Mr. Davis] stated twelve months
ago that this principle was correct in his judgment,
and he vindicated the course he had pursued in
relation to these appropriations. But here the
principle fails in its application. To what, then,
do the advocates of it resort? They tell us that
the work is national in its character, and that,
being national, therefore Congress ought to make
an appropriation. I have uniformly opposed the
principle hitherto, but I have said that I now yield
the point.
But my friend from Mississippi [Mr. Foote]
gets up here very gravely, as all venerable Sena-
tors should do, and speaks in a manner almost
mandatory to his juniors on this floor, and most
violently opposes the reviving of any old party
issues. Why, I Expected just such language from
my friend from Mississippi. Why did he not de- .
sire the revival of any old party issues to be raised ? !
For the best reason in the world. He comes from '
one of these new States which are constantly put-
ting their long arms into the public Treasury and ,
taking the public money. And when the period -
arrives at which we shall have no party issues, 1
when there shall be peace and harmony, and no '
agitation in the country, we shall have taken away i
all the public lands. Then we of the old thirteen :
will be reminded by those gentlemen that we had 1
not sagacity enough to see that they were only
waiting to get all the public .lands. Then, in the !
view of the Senator, all the old issues may be re- i
vived. I
I think it would be an act of wisdom on the part !
of the old States to revive these issues now, and I
appeal to the sense of justice of every Senator on
this floor if the time has not now arrived. What
has New Hampshire got of public lands or from
public lands, or Kentucky, or little Delaware, or
any other of the small States among the old States
of this Union ?
They have got nothing. The younger States
rise and tell us about the amount of money which
Wisconsin has placed in the public Treasury, as
if the publio lands belonged to the State of Wis-
consin. Where did the money come from which
purchased this property or extinguished the Indian
titles to it? It came from the pockets of all the
American citizens, of the old States as well as the
new; and she was settled by these citizens of the
old States carrying their funds with them there,
and then appropriating the public lands for their
own advantage. I am for equal justice; I am for
an honest administration of this Government, and
I spurn the idea that the reviving of old party
issues is so tremendous in the view of some gen-
tlemen as to prevent them from approaching the
subject for the purpose of doing the old States jus-
tice. I am from one of the old thirteen which has
contributed her proportion of men and money
whenever the requisitions of this Government de-
manded it. And whenever the public domain is
to be given for the improvement of any member
of our Confederacy, I maintain that our section
of the old thirteen nas an equal right to appropria-
tions for internal improvements, or any other ne-
cessary improvements. When the rising genera-
tions of the old States leave those States, they
leave the old men and women; and they are to be
deprived of the rights that belong to them. When
old age comes upon them, with weakness of body
and probably of mind, the rising generation, the
youngsters, appropriate everything to themselves;
and my venerable friend from Mississippi [laugh-
ter] advises us of the old States to wait till the
young people can quiet all the agitations of the
country and take possession of our rights.
Now, sir, this is a great question, and one which
struck deeply into the party issues of the day long
ago. But, like all other great party questions, it
has had its day. The public have investigated it;
they understand it; it has run its race in the po-
litical campaigning, and it is now thoroughly un-
derstood by the country. Let me inquire whether
the States stand upon an equality ? Are they en-
titled to an equal share of the advantages of this
Government, either in land or money? None will
I deny it; because, when the surplus was divided, it
' was given to all the States. To whom did the
public lands belong ? They belonged to the Gen-
eral Government, and they should be appropriated
for benefiting all the States throughout the Union.
No man can deny that the principle of distribution
' among all the States is the correct principle. And
i I declare now that no politician, however elevated
j he may be, can take a position in this country that
J the older States can be deprived of their equal
rights. It is unjust and improper to legislate indi-
rectly and quietly for local purposes from time to
1 time—doing that which you will not do publicly,
' and at one act. If Georgia is entitled to the same
I rights that Mississippi is, or any other State of
' this Union, why not say so? Why appropriate a
! large portion of the public lands to Mississippi,
: ana give nothing to the other States ? Why do it
| for the other new States, after you have made an
, equitable proportion or division when they first
entered into the Union ? Is there any reason why
it should be done, and is there any justice in the
appeal to the country to avoid the raising of any
1 old party issues ? I was opposed to the distribu-
tion of the public lands, and desired that the pro-
ceeds should be appropriated to carry on the
operations of the General Government, in order
to relieve the taxes upon the people; but I have
found the doctrine to be incorrect; for, instead of
turning the proceeds of the lands into thefTreas-
ury of the General Government, the lands are
given up to the new States, and the old States are
deprived of their right to them. We have luna-
tics, we have poor, and as many dependent people
in the old States as they have in the new, ana if
there is any charity in this Government, why not
let that charity be coextensive with the limits of
the country, and not local in its character ? If the
United States buy land in Wisconsin, is it done
with funds of the United States; and when you
distribute that land, neither Wisconsin nor Missis-
