216
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 11.
to aid in the construction of a railroad from the
western line of said State, near Fort Scott, to a
point on the railroad from St. Louis, in Missouri,
to Little Rock, in the State of Arkansas; which
was read a first and second time by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
HOMESTEADS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, asked the unani-
mous consent of the House to introduce a bill, of
which previous notice had been given, to encour-
age agriculture, commerce, manufactures, and all
other branches of American industry, by granting
to every man, the head of a family", and a citizen
of the Ignited States, a homestead of one hundred
and sixty acres of land, upon the condition of oc-
cupying and cultivating the same for four years.
Mr. DANIEL objected, and renewed the mo-
tion which he had previously made but withdrawn,
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolTe itse'.f into a Committee of the Whole
House on the private calendar.
Mr. POTTER moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
for the purpose of taking yp the bill to reduce and
modify the rates of postage.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, inquired
what was the regular order of business ?
The SPEAKER said that the proposition to go
into Committee of the Whole on the state of tne
Union was in order.
Mr. THOMPSON inquired whether the regu-
lar order of business was not the call of committees
for reports ?
The SPEAKER stud it was not; and that if the
House should vote down the propositions to go into
Committee of the Wholeon the state of the Union,
and the Committee of the Whole House, the busi-
ness next in order would be the private business
on the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER said that the question would
be first on the motion of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Potter,] to suspend the rules to go into
committee on the cheap postage bill.
Mr. PHELPS said that, should the House go
into committee on the cheap postage bill, he would
be entitled to the floor. He proposed that the
question should not be taken up to-day, as he was
too much indisposed to make the remarks he was 1
desirous of making upon it. I
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Potter, by tellers, (Messrs. Saw'telle, and !
Johnson of Kentucky,) and the result was—ayes
74, noes 60.
CHEAP POSTAGE BILL.
The House having resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, !
(Mr. Strong in the chair,) resumed the consi- ;
aeration of the bill to reduce and modify the rates
of postage.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the question im- '
mediately pending was the motion of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Fowler,] to strike
out *' five" and insert " two" cents in the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cartter,]
to strike out the word " three," in the firat section
of the original bill, and insert the word " five" in
lieu thereof, so that it will read, "upon each let-
ter not weighing over half an ounce, when post-
age is paid where such letter is mailed, two cents,"
&e., Sic.
Mr. PHELPS (who was entitled to the floor)
■aid that when the motion was pending that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, I remarked that I was
desirous of submitting my views to the House on
the subject of a reduction of the rates of postage,
bat that, owing to indisposition, I did not feel like !
making a speech now, and should therefore much '
§ refer that the matter should be postponed to some
ay next week, when, being the first special order, '
it would necessarily come up. But, since it is the
pleasure of the committee 
Mr. DANIEL (interposing) suggested that, as
the gentleman from Missouri was indisposed, and
therefore disinclined to address the committee, and
as this was one of the days for attending to pri-
vate business, he would more that the committee
now rise.
The question was taken by tellers, (Messrs. !
Sweetser and Allem acting,) and decided in the
negative—ayes 46, noes not counted. '
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. PHELPS then rose and said:
Mr. Chairman: It would have been somewhat
more agreeable to my feelings if this question had
been postponed to some day next week, but as it
is the pleasure of the committee that the discus-
sion should be continued now, I shall submit,
somewhat reluctantly, to enter into thisdiscussion.
I feel, however,somewhat compelled to enter upon
it, from the fact that I am a member of the com-
mittee that reported the bill now under considera-
tion; and from the further fact, that I concurred
in the reduced rates of letter postage, recommend-
ed by that committee, and as opposition has been
offered to that committee, and as it has been as-
serted as a reason why these rates should not be
concurred in, that should they pass, the Post Office
Department will be fastened upon the Treasury,
and perhaps become bankrupt; and furthermore,
that if this measure were to pass, the mail facili-
ties throughout the Union, more especially in the
western and southwestern States, would be greatly
curtailed. For these reasons, I say, I feel myself
called upon to defend such portions of the bill now
pending as have my concurrence.
* In the first place, it has been considered as a
rule, that the Post Office Department should defray
its own expenses. Sir, I am not disposed to do
away with a single check upon extravagance,but,
on the contrary, I would endeavor to multiply
those checks, which will produce an economical
expenditure of the money of the people.
I believe, so long as we continue tne rule that
the revenues of the Post Office Department shall
defray its expenses, so long will that branch of
the public service be faithfully and economically
administered. I therefore am not willing to
fasten it upon the Treasury, and shall endeavor to
show that the rates of postage recommended by
the committee will not have that effect.
Gentlemen have remarked, during this debate,
that if the rates of postage are reduced, mail facil-
ities will be curtailed. In answer to that objec-
tion, I will only refer them to facts, contained in
the reports of the Post Office Department for five
years under tl^former rates of postage and five
yeacs under the present rates of postage, which
will show them that at no time have the mail facil-
ities of the country increased to such an extent,
or so rapidly, as they have increased during the
five years since the present rates of postage were
adopted.
I have here in my hand a liftt of the number
of post offices in the United States, and the extent
of post roads, for ten years—five years under the
former rates of postage and five years under the
present. In the year 1841 there were 13,778 post
offices in the United States. In 1845 there were
14,183. The extent of post routes in the United |
States in 1841 was 155,026 miles, but in 1845 it
was only 143,940 miles.
There was a falling off, in a period of five years,
under the former rates of postage of more than
eleven thousand miles of service.
Number of post offices and extent of post routes
within the United States for ten years past, five
years under the present rates of postage, and five
years under high postage:
Years. Number of Post Extent of Post
Offices. Routes—Miles.
184 1 13,778 155,026.
184 2 13,773 149,732.
184 3 13,814 142,295.
184 4 14,103 144,687.
184 5 14,183 143,940.
Low Postage.
1848 14,601 152,865.
*1847 15,146 153,818.
1848 16,159 163,208. .
*1849 16,749 163,703.
1850 184,17., 178,672.
* Post routes were established ill those years by Congress.
The routes established in 1848 were put in operation during
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1859, and not until that time
by the term of tlie act.
In 1846, in the first yearly return under the re-
duced rates _ of postage, we find the number of
post offices in the United States increased from
14,183 t® 14,601, and that the extent of the post
routes of the United States also increased from ]
143,940 to 152,865 miles. On the first day of July !
last, the extent of post roads in the United States ;
was 178,672miles, and there were 18,417 post offices j
in the country. This great increase in amount of
service, which has been performed during the last
five years, has taken place under the reduced rates ,
of postage. The same predictions were made,
when the law reducing the rates of postage was
under discussion in the House of Representatives,
in relation to the results, as are now made in rela-
tion to the present bill. It was then said that the
Post Office Department would bankrupt itself;
that it would from that time forward, be fastened
upon the Treasury, and that there would be no
further extension of mail facilities for a number of
years. On the contrary, you find that the number
of post offices have increased some four thousand
in the period of five years, and you further find
that the extent of post routes lias increased nearly
thirty-five thousand miles during the last five
years. In the statement I have presented I do not
include the Ocean routes, nor mail service in Cali-
fornia, nor in the Territories.
This, then, is an answer to those imaginary ob-
jections which gentlemen have brought forward
against this bill. On the other hand, some gen-
tlemen have said that the Postmaster General has
repeatedly cut down the mail facilities in the West
and in the Southwest. When they speak of mail
facilities, some of them, I suppose, speak of the
mode of transportation. The law of 1845 merely
looked to the transportation of^mails. I am op-
posed to having this Government pay anv part of
my stage ticket, if I travel in a stage. 1 am un-
willing this Government should contribute any-
thing towards paying the fare of the passengers
who may travel in those conveyances which are
employed in the transportation of the mails. I
merely look to the transportation of the mails with
certainty and security, and I am willing to com-
pensate those in an adequate manner who may
be performing this service. But so long as it is
asked we shall sustain from the Post Office reve-
nue a line of stages, or any other mode of convey-
ance for the convenience of travelers, where tne
size, safety, celerity, and certainty of the mail does
not require it, and that request is granted by the
Postmaster General, we may expect to find great-
ly increased expenditures, without a correspond-
ing increase of revenue *r extension of service.
But a reference to the statistics of the Post Office
Department is the best answer I can make to the
complaints of gentlemen who say that mail ser-
vice has been diminished in the States they repre-
sent under reduced postage; and I will append to
my remarks, when published, a table showing the
length of the post roads in the several States upon
which the mail was carried for the years ending
30th June, 1845, and 30th June, 1850. The total
annual transportation has increased during that
time from 35,634,369 miles in 1845, to 46,541,423
miles in 1850.
Mr. SWEETSER, (interposing.) Mr. Chair-
man, I desire that the gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Phelps] will now inform the committee
whether, on tne modification of the postage in
1845, there was not a large appropriation made at
that time out of the general Treasury, in order to
sustain this Department? I would inquire further
from the gentleman, whether the Post Offiee De-
partment, under the modification of 1845, did not
fail, for three or four years, to sustain itself? The
fentleman will recollect that by a provision of the
ill pending, a million and a half of the public
money is proposed to be appropriated, in order to
meet the anticipated deficiency in consequence of
the reduction of postage.
Mr. PHELPS. I am v&y happy to have it in
my power to answer the inquiry propounded to me
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sweetser.]
The first year under the present rates of postage,
there was but $650,000 drawn from the Treasury
of the United States, whilst the act had appropria-
ted for this purpose $750,000. In the second and
third years, and each year since that time, no por-
tion of money has been drawn from the Treasury
of the United States, but the whole expenses of
the- Post Office Department have been defrayed by
its own revenue.
The act of 1845, contemplates merely compensa-
ting persons for the transportation of the mails; but
there were contracts then in existence, under which
the Government paid the contractors for providing
conveyance for the traveling public, which con-
tracts were to continue in force, in some portions of
the Union, for one, two, and three years, and it could
not be expected that the reduction of the expendi-
ture which it was contemplated would take place
under that act, should be brought dgwn to the prop-
er limit, until the contracts in each, of the sections
