222
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 11,
Postmaster Genera), as and for a compensation for the ser-
vices of such postmaster, charge and receive annually in
advance from each and every subscriber the following
paras: on a paper printed once in each week, ten cents;
semi-weekly, twenty cents; tri-weekly, thirty cents; and
daily, fiftv cent-!.
Sec. 3." ~1nA be it further enacted, That the Directors of
the Mint in the United States are authorised and required
to com pieces of the value of two and a half cents, or quar-
ter dimes, composed of three parts silver and one part al-
loy, which shall be a lawful tender for all debts of thirty
dollars or under, due to the United States, and to individ-
uals, persons, and corporation*.
See. 4. -And be it further enacted, It shall be the duty
of the Postmaster General to provide and furnish to all
deputy postmasters, and other persons applying and paying
therefor, suitable stamps of the denomination of two and a
half cents to facilitate the prepayment of the postage pro-
vided for ia this act. And to any person who shall desire
to p irehase of the Postmaster General, or of any deputy
postmaster, at any one time, an amount of stamps to the
value of fifty dollars or upwards, such stamps shall be fur-
nished at a discount of ten per cent, upon their par value.
All deputy postmasters who shall receive, at any one time,
stamps to the amount of fifty dollars, shall be allowed a de-
duction of ten per cent, upon the par value.
Sac. 5. Jlttd be it further enacted, That there is hereby
appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, the sum of .$1,500,000, to supply any
deficiency that may arise in the Post Office Department.
Sac. 6. 'Ind be it further enacted, There shall be charged
upon all letters transported in the mails from any of the At-
lantic ports in the Uuited States to any of the porta in the
United States upon the Paoific, or from any of the ports in
the United States upon the Pacific to any of the Atlantic
ports in the United States, four times the rates charged in
this act; and upon all newspapers, periodicals, and maga-
zines, books, or other printed matter herein provided for,
three times the usual rates.
Skc. 7. -Ind be it further enacted, That lists of letters
remaining uncalled for in any post office, for the space of
two weeks, in any city, town, or village, where a newspa-
per shall be printed, shall hereafter be published once only
in a newspaper which, being issued as frequently as any
other, shall have the largest circulation within the range of
delivery of said office, to be decided by the Postmaster
General, under such regulations as shall be prescribed by
him, at a charge not exceeding two and a half cents on each
letter called for. And the postmaster at sucli office is here-
by directed to post in a conspicuous place in his office a
copy of sach list on the day or day after the publication
thereof: Provided, however, If the publisher of any paper
herein specified shall refuse to publish the list of letters as
provided in this section, the postmaster shall designate
some other paper in which such list shall be published;
and such publisher, so refusing, shall be deprived of all the
benefits of this act, and the free exchange now provided by
law.
See. 8. And be it further enacted, That all acts or parts
of acts inconsistent with this act be, and the same are here-
by, repealed.
Mr. DUNHAM said: Mr. Chairman, although I
I do not propose to make a very lengthy speech
upon the present occasion, yet I am desirous of
submitting a few of the reasons which will govern
my course upon this measure. It does seem to me
thatagreatdeal of what might be called'' Handing-"
has been done in reference to this subject of cheap
postage both here and elsewhere. We are con-
stantly told that the people throughout the length
and breadth of the land are demanding cheap post-
age. That petitions from every quarter are pour-
ing in upon us asking a reduction of postage.
"Why, sir, from the parade that is made about this
outcry of the people by gentlemen here, one would
suppose that this Government, through its postal
arrangements, was perpetrating some outrageous
oppression upon the people quite unendurable, and
which had caused them to cry out with one united
voice to us, their representatives, for relief and re-
dress. We are told that this House has no right
to refuse this universal prayer. No one more than
myself respects the voice and the wishes of the
people. With me sir, vox populi is emphatically
vox Dei. It is a part of my political creed, that we j
come here to obey the people within the province j
of the Constitution,—that their sentiments are to ;
control our action; but, sir, I think it is not only
our right but our duty to inquire whether it is the
deliberate voice of the people which is heard,— ;
whether the sentiments paraded here are bona
fide their sentiments, and whether they have been !
expressed with a full knowledge of all the facts
and of the results to follow from carrying them
into effect; or whether the expression of them has 1
been procured by designing demagogues, for their
own selfish purposes, by a false representation or a .
false suppression of facts. '
Now, sir, the fact that upon such a subject as
this, in which there is nothing to excite the public
mind, all these petitions, or very nearly all, are of
the same form and character, and ask precisely
the same thing,—the same rates of postage; peti-
tions, too, purporting to come up from every class
of our citizens, from town and eounty, from vil-
lage and hamlet, is of itself evidence that this ex-
I pression of public sentiment has been manufactured
'! by designing men for the occasion. And do we
not know this to be true ? Do we not know that
this move was put on foot in the city of New
York ? That city seems disposed to make herself
; the Paris of this Republic: to manufacture and
■ control the public sentiment of this country, and
i1 to take charge of its legislation. I do not feel dis-
posed to submit to it. I think it should be checked
at the start. These petitions, which are all, or
nearly all, printed, were printed there and sent out
from thence into the country, accompanied by cir-
culars containing plausible statements and esti-
mates, to show that the postage could be reduced
to two cents, and the people not only retain their
present mail facilities, but actually have them
vastly increased, and without at all increasing the
expenses of the Government or their own taxes.
; Could the people be satisfied that all this could be
accomplished, I have no doubt but they would
, everywhere be in favor of cheap postage. We
should all be in favor of it. Not a member here
would oppose it. No one, I apprehend, would
; prefer a postage of five and ten cents, when he
could obtain the same advantages by one of three.
But the question arises, are these statements and
estimates demonstrated to be true ? Can all these
great results be accomplished ? I think not; at
, least there is no certainty of it.
! There is in postage, as in tariffs, a revenue
point; a point by reducing your postage to which
you increase your revenue, because by diminish-
ing the tax upon correspondence you stimulate
and increase that correspondence, so that the in-
creased number of letters at the lower rate will
make the revenue more than equal to the amount
derived from the smaller number at the greater
rate of postage. But after you have passed that
point, your increase of letters will not be in pro-
portion to the reduction of the postage upon them.
This revenue rate, then, is the one desired as be-
ing the one which will afford the greatest revenue
without sensibly burdening or restricting the cor-
respondence of the country, as the one which will
furnish the mostgeneral and extensive mail facilities
with the least tax upon the people; the one which,
if you carry out the principle that the Department
shall only support itself, will make it, of itself,
furnish and support the most extensive facilities it
is possible for it to support. But this revenue
point can only be found by actual experiment. It
cannot be ascertained by theoretical demonstration;
and, as we have undoubtedly already approxi-
mated it, it seems to me we should, as prudent legis-
lators, approach it by slow and careful steps, for
fear that, in our eager haste, we shall entirely pass
it. We shall, I apprehend, find it far more easy
to approach it by a reduction than to get back to
it after we shall have passed it by an increase of
postage. Let us reduce the rate to a uniform one
of five cents, and see what the effect of that will
be; and, if found salutury, it will then be time
enough to still further experiment. Sir, it has
often been said that we ought'not to derive a rev-
enue to aid in the support of the Government from
postage. Why not, sir ? If you fix a revenue
rate, a rate a reduction below which it will not pro-
| duce a corresponding increase of the correspond-
I ence of the country, it cannot sensibly obstruct
that correspondence, or the dissemination of intel-
ligence through the mails. It will afford all the
j facilities practicable, and if it will yet yield a rev-
1 enue for the support of Government, why not?
Would it be any more oppressive or burdensome
than to raise it as now raised, by taxing, through
i your tariff, the very necessaries of life—the food
and raiment of-your laboring people ? If so, I
j confess I am unable to see it.
But is a rate of three cen's the revenue rate?
; Will a reduction to it increase or even maintain
' the present revenue of the Post Office Department?
Gentlemen contend that it will, and as evidence
they point us to the result under the former re-
; duction—-the reduction of 1845—and they predict
I similar results from the one now proposed. But
there are many reasons why the results under that
j reduction cannot be taken as a guide for this. ;
Prior to it the rates of postage were so high as, j
indeed, to be clearly above the revenue point, and ,
consequently a reduction towards that point could 1
not but result in an increase of revenue. Then
two hundred thousand dollars has been annually
appropriated from the Treasury to the Post Office I
Department, in lieu of the postage upon the official ,j
correspondence from the other Departments which
passes through the mails free. Here, then, is an
increase of post office revenue which is not attrib-
utable to the reduction of the rate of postage, but
to a direct appropriation from the Treasury. An-
| other thing which tended to increase the net rev-
i enues of the Department under that reduction, and
j which is entitled to very great consideration, was
j the great reduction of the grade of mail service
| throughout the country, and the consequent great
| reduction of the expense of carrying the mails,
j Prior to the law of 1845, it was the custom of the
Department in letting the contracts for carrying
| the mails, to require such service as would furnish
' traveling facilities for the convenience of the pub-
lic. Under this law this has all been done away
j with; since then the contracts have been let to the
i lowest bidder without reference to the grade of
! service, except in so far as the actual security of
! the mails required. An eye has been had simply
j to the most economical safe mode of carrying the
j mails. There can, therefore, be no further reduc-
tion of expenses in that quarter, and consequently
no further resulting increase of net proceeds aris-
ing therefrom.
Instead of the expenses of the mail service be-
ing reduced under this proposed reduction as under
that of 1845, it will annually increase. We all
know that the most expensive mode of carrying
the mails is upon the railroads. These are con-
stantly increasing in length and multiplying in
number, and we are as constantly adding to this
most expensive kind of mail service. A gentle-
man near me says that this increase of railroads
will produce a competition among them, and re-
duce the cost of transportation upon them. When
this shall happen, I think it will then be ample
time to regulate your postage so as to correspond
with such a new state of things; but this cannot hap-
pen at present, nor for years to come, and until it
does happen, the expense of transporting your
mails must go on increasing.
We are referred to England and her postal sys-
tem, as an example of the results of a very low
rate of postage. But it seems to me that England
is no criterion for us. Why, sir, she has, I be-
lieve, some fourteen or fifteen hundred post offices,
from which her whole revenue is derived, whilst we
have more than as many thousands. Her mails
are carried over a very small extent of territory
compared to that over which ours is carried.
Mr. POTTER. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Dunham] a question. He has
stated that a comparison of the rates of postage
in this country cannot be made with that of Great
Britain; but he says further, that the mail is car-
ried over a less extent of country in Great Britain
than it is in our country. I desire to know of the
gentleman what the expense of carrying the mail
in that country is, compared with the expense in-
curred in carrying it in this country?
Mr. DUNHAM. I do not know that I am pre-
pared to answer the gentleman's question, as I
nave not the papers and documents with me, which
1 will enable me to do so.
J Mr. POTTER. The gentleman's arguments it
1 appears to me', are entirely fallacious. I will state
now a fact to the gentleman, and that is, that the
expense of transporting the mail in Great Britain
1 is a much larger sum than is incurred by this coun-
try for the same purpose, for it costs in that coun-
try a million of dollars more than ours.
Mr. DUNHAM. Does that include the steam-
boat service ? •
Mr. POTTER. Every kind of service.
Mr. DUNHAM. I ask the gentleman whether
that service is charged to the Post Office Depart-
ment ? Is is not charged to the Admiralty?
Mr. POTTER. In answer, I would say to the
gentleman, that it is charged to the Post Office De-
partment. It is charged with postage upon letters.
Deducting the service of the registry and revenue
derived from the drafts or money orders, there is
still a balance in the Treasury of the Post Office,
to the credit of the Post Office Department, of
nearly a million and a half of dollars
Mr. DUNHAM. I should prefer, Mr. Chair-
man, to see the documents for all that. I confess
that I have not them before me. But my recol-
lection of the matter differs materially from that
of the gentleman.
Mr.' PHELPS. I do not know that it is at all
material to the case, but I wish to state what 1
think to be true in reference to it. I hare com-
