1351.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
223
pared the returns of the British Post Office for
several years, aud now hold in my hand a state-
ment of the revenue for three consecutive years,
and after deducting from it the cost of its manage-
ment, and also the coat of the packet and steam-
boat service of every nature which is charged to
the Admiralty, there is still a balance of net rev-
enue. In 1845, after deducting the cost of the
packet service, the net revenue was $809,000. In
1846 it was $442,000, In 1847, $322,000; and in
1848 it was §1,366,000.
Mr. BAYLY. How much of that arose from
registered letters ?
Mr. PHELPS. The inquiry is made of me,
how much is derived from the registry of letters?
In answer to the gentleman's inquiry in regard
to the amount of revenue derived from the regis-
try of letters by the British Post Office, I admit I
cannot answer nis inquiry. I have examined the
Parliamentary returns for several years for this
purpose without success. But in this connection,
permit me to remark in reply to the statements of
some gentlemen respecting the money orders and
revenue to theBritisn Post Office from this source,
that the past returns show the money orders were
an actual expense to the Post Office, of $50,000
more than its revenue. I would be obliged to any
gentleman to give me the information of the rev-
enue derived from the registrate of letters. 1 de-
sire to have it.
Mr. DUNHAM. I have cheerfully yielded to
my honorable friends, yet I do not see, Mr. Chair-
man, that much that has been said by them can
have any bearing upon the point which I was
discussing. The mere fact tnat the mail service
of England may have cost more than the service
in this country, cannot of itself show that a rate of
postage which is sufficient for that country must
be so for this.
The extent of her population is to be taken into
the account. England has a much larger popula-
tion than this country, and in a much smaller
compass; and the character and pursuits of this
population are entirely different. We have sparsely
settled agricultural communities, while her com-
munities are dense and mostly engaged in man-
ufacturing and commerce. Such a people of course
furnish a much larger correspondence than the
people of an agricultural country. I ask any gen-
tleman for a moment to reflect, if by reducing
postage to a very low rate, that is, to two cents,
you will induce the farmers and laboring men of
thin country to write oftener than they would if
the rate was established at five cents. I ask if the
farmer will be induced to write every day because
his letters pass through the mail at a very low
postage? I think not. The case is different with
business men—those engaged in commercial and
manufacturing pursuits, for their business is natu-
rally stimulated and increased by a frequent and ex-
tensive correspondence. But it is not so with the
agricultural population. We must not only take
into account the expenditure required for carrying
the mail in Great Britain as compared to this coun-
try, but we must also take into consideration the
amount, density, character, and pursuits of her pop-
ulation, and also the number of her postmasters
and the amount of their compensation. These are
all circumstances which are to be taken into con-
sideration, and which prevent that country from
being taken as a criterion by which we can be
guided, and her system from being taken as an
example by which we can regulate ours. It is, to
my mind, a great error in the legislation of this
country that we so often look to England for our
examples. We forget that the principles of her
Government are very different from those of ours—
that the basis of ours is entirely different from
hers. We forget that the character of our people
is essentially different from that of the people of
Europe; that their habits and pursuits are to a
very great extent different.
I hope that American statesmen will strike out
a system of their own, and that in trying experi-
ments in government, they will do so upon a basis
that shall conform not to the antiquated notions of
political economy prevalent in Europe, but which
shall be in adtordance with the character and policy
of our own country, its Government and people.
Mr. Chairman, much has been said about abol-
ishing the franking privilege, and especially that
of members of Congress. One object is prcposed
to be accomplished by this which, if it could be
accomplished, t would be willing to submit to al-
most anything; that is, that it will restrain the
extravagance and abuse which has grown up here
of publishing such vast numbers of documents at
the public expense, many of which are entirely
useless to the general reader, and which are dis-
tributed by members to their constituents through
the mails. But will this object be accomplished
by ablishing the franking privilege ? A large con-
tingent fund is constantly under the control of
each House, and if our sense of right and pro-
priety will not now restrain us from publishing
these documents in extravagant and useless num-
bers, and to pay for them out of that fUnd, does
any one believe that if members are not allowed
to distribute them through the mails free, the same
majority that orders the publication will not order
the postage to be also paid out of that fund ? In-
stead of curtailing this useless expense and ex-
travagance, therefore, we shall increase it by add-
ing to the expense of publication the cost of
transportation also. I have been here long enough
to discover one thing, that extavagance and abuses
h?re, like revolutions, never go backwards. Do
you believe that gentlemen who talk about abol-
ishing the franking privilege intend to pay the
postage upon their immense correspondence? for
every member who attends faithfully to the busi-
ness of his constituents must of necessity have an
immense correspondence.* Do they intend to pay
this postage out of their own pockets? Oh, no,
sir; we are not verdant enough to believe that.
. They mean simply that their mail matter shall no
longer go free through the mails, but that thepost-
age upon it shall be paid out of the public Treas-
ury. They will have the credit with the people
I of having given up for their benefit this privilege,
, whilst the postage will be quietly paid here out of
' the people s Treasury; for I venture the predic-
tion, which I have no doubt Will be verified, that
if the franking privilege is abolished the postage of
members will within one year be paid out of the
i contingent fund of this House. Why, sir, the
I very paper upon which our letters are now writ-
ten, the pen and ink with which they are written,
! the sand with which they are sanded, the envel-
ops in which they are enclosed, and the very wax
or wafers with which they $re sealed, are all paid
: out of that fund.- Do you not believe, then, that
the postage upon them will also be paid out of it?
Are we not now paying two hundred thousand
dollars per annum as postage, or, in lieu of it,
upon the mail matter of the other Departments
which is transmitted through the mails apparently
free?
But, sir, it is said that if official documents
and official correspondence should go out to the
country, through the mails, free, the postage
upon them should be paid out of the general
Treasury; and that the expense of their transmis-
sion should not be borne by the Post Office Depart-
: ment. Why, sir, gentlemen talk as if that De-
partment was something separate and distinct from
the Government, as if its revenue was the only
one collected from the people, and that the other
' revenues of the Government were derived from
' some Other source. I confess I do not recognize
: such a distinction. I have yet to learn that this
j Government, or any department of it, possesses
| anything which does not belong to the people—
i that has not been gathered up from, and paid by
the people. I know of no means of raising a
revenue in this country, except by a tax upon the
citizens, directly or indirectly. The money in
your Treasury is raised by your tariff from the
people, as much as is your post office revenue;
and whether the expense of transmitting this public
matter through the mails is paid out of the one or
the other, it is paid by the people. It can add but
triflingly to the cost of the mail service, and it
seems to me it can, with more propriety, be left
upon the correspondence of the country, than to
be shifted upon the necessaries of the people. And
if this proposed reduction is not to decrease the
revenues of the Department, where is the neces-
sity of adding to them by paying a postage out
of the other revenues of the Government upon that
public matter which has hitherto passed through
the mails free ?
Mr. Chairman, the gentlemen from the older
and more, thickly-populated States, need not fear
a reduction of their mail facilities. They may rest
perfectly easy upon that score. There is much
wisdom in that saying of poor Richard: " Take
care of the pence, ana the pounds will take care
of themselves;" which is applicable to many other
things besides malting money. The great mail
thoroughfares of the old States will take care of
themselves. They can always combine an in-
fluence which will secure to them their mail facili-
ties, whether the Department support itself or not.
If these facilities have to be reduced anywhere,
that reduction will fall upon flie sparsely-nettled dis-
tricts of the West and South. These are the ones,
then, which require the fostering care and espe-
cial attention and protection of Congress.
If the Department will not support itself, the
eastern and northern States are in no danger of
losing their mail facilities; and if to maintain ours,
the Department has to be put upon the other rev-
enues of the Government for support, so much
the better for them. Those revenues are raised
by a tariff. For whose benefit is this tariff im-
posed ? Not for that of the West and South sure-
ly; but for that same North and East. The gen-
tlemen who represent those States, then, may well
go for the lowest rate of postage they can get, for
in any event the people they represent will be the
fainers. They get cheap postage wjthout any
anger of losing their mail facilities. If these are
curtailed anywhere it will be in the West and
South, and if the Department shall have to be sup-
ported out of die other revenues, they are raised by
a high tariff, which operates to their benefit ana
is burthen some only to us.
I wish to call the attention of western and
southern gentlemen to another thing. It is pro-
posed to amend this bill by adding a provision
which shall prevent a reduction of our present
mail facilities. But is this all we want? Shall
we be content to retain our present position?
Shall we be willing to have only such mail advan-
tages as we now possess for the next ten or fifteen
years to come, although our country will, in that
time, vastly increase in population, wealth, and
resources? No, sir, we shall not be content with
this, if we possess a proper regard for the interests
of those wnom we represent; but we shall want
these facilities increased as our country shall ad-
vance in its population, its commerce, its intelli-
gence, and all those other elements of greatness
and prosperity. And how can you provide for
this, I ask every member from those sections, how
can you provide for this in this bill? You may
provide that they shall not be diminished, but how
can you compel their increase so as to keep pace
with the increasing wants of your country ? Yon
cannot. It is not in our power to do so, and we
had better keep on the safe side and maintain such
a rate of postage as will secure this to us.' Indeed,
we have not now our just proportion. I have not
before me the exact amount paid for the transporta-
tion of the mails between this city and Boston; but
I will venture to assert, that it is more than is paid
for the whole of the great western valley.
• Sir, much has been said about the increased
revenue under the former reduction. Well it
might increase, when, notwithstanding mjyiy of
the laiger routes have yielded a large surplus, and
when at the same time all the smaller ones have
only been provided with facilities in proportion to
the revenue which they have yielded, and have
been required to pay a certain portion of the outlay
upon them, in order to keep them from being entire-
ly suspended, however important they might be.
Let me give you a case, in my own district.
There is a mail route forty-five miles long, run-
ning from a post office upon one important route,
to one upon another. It passes through a fertile
and populous country, and through a county
town of some importance. It is the route princi-
pally relied upon for mail accommodations by the
people living upon its whole length, and also upon
two or three small routes which branch off from
it. But it so happens, that upon its whole length
there are but two post offices which yield any rev-
enue of consequence, although there are several
smaller ones. By great exertions at the last let-
ting, I succeeded in getting a tri-weekly mail upon
it, carried on horseback; but its arrivals and de-
partures are so arranged that the mail for it lies
over at each end of the route about thirty-six
hours. I have more than once applied to have this
evil corrected, but my answer has been that it
could not be done without increasing the expense,
and that all is now expended upon it which the
regulations of the Department will allow.
Here, then, is an important route, supplying a
large district of countr y, with the serrioe upon it
