226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 13,
Howe, Hubbard, Inge, Andrew Johnson, Robert W. John- [|
son, Julian, Preston Kinjf, Leffler, Horace Mann, Mc- ;
tiaughey, McKissock, McMullen, McQueen, McWillie, !
Damcl F. Miller, Moms, Nelson, Olds, Orr, Otis, Phinnix,
Risley, Robinson, Rockwell, Root, Rose, Sackett, Savage,
Si-hrrmerliorn, Schoolcrmlt, Seddon, Silvester, Spaulding,
Spraius', Stanly, Stetson, Sweetser, James Thompson,
Thurman, I'ndorhill, Van Dyke, Walden, Waldo, Wallace,
Wukins, Wellhoin, Wentworth, White, Whittlesey, WTiI-
moi, Woodward, and Young—£9.
So the rules were not suspended.
business of the district.
Mr. INGE stated that he was instructed by the
Committee on the District of Columbia to move
the suspension of the rules, to enable him to intro-
duce a resolution to make the business of the Dis-
trict a special order for a certain day during the
present session. The House would remember
that during the whole of the last protracted session
no attention had been bestowed upon the business
of the District, and it became necessary that a day
should be fixed for its consideration; and unless
it was made the special order there was no pro-
bability that it would be taken up at all, as other
bills of a general character would occupy the
whole time of the House. He therefore moved
that the business relating to the District of Colum-
bia be made the special order of the day for the
first Monday in February, in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The question being on the motion to suspend
the rules, tellers were demanded and ordered, and
Messrs. Sawtelle and Dcer were appointed.
The question was taken and the result was—ayes
88, noes 53.
Mr. INGE demanded the yeas and nays on the
suspension of the rules, and they were ordered;
and the question being taken, the result was— ,
yeas 121, nays 63—as follows: i
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Alston, Asbe, Ashman, Averett,
Beale, Bell, Bennett, Booth, Bowdon,Boyd, Breck, Briggs,
Brisbin. Brooks, Albert G. Brown, William J. Brown, Bur-
rows, Burt, Butler, E. Carrington Cabell, George A. Cald-
well, Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell, Chandler,
Clingman, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Coleock, Corwin, Dan-
iel, Danner, Deberry, Dickey, Diinmick, Disney, Dixon,
Duer, Duncan, Eliot, Nathan Evans, Fuller, Gentry, Gil-
■ bert, Goodenow, Hall, Hammond, Hampton, Thomas L.
Harris, Hay, Hibbard, Hoagland, Holladay, Holmes, How-
ard, Hubbard, live, Joseph W.Jackson, William T. Jack-
son, James L. Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Kaufman,
Kerr, James G. King, John A. King, La Sere, Levin, Mar-
shall, Mason, McCIernand, McDowell, McKissock, Mc-
Lanahan, Robert M. McLane, Finis E. McLean, McQueen,
McWillie, Meacham, MiUson, Morrison, Morse, Morton,
Nelscn, Ogle, Olds, Orr, Outlaw, Owen, Phcenix, Pitman,
Powell, Reed, Richardson, Bobbins, Rockwell, Rose, Boss, j!
Runisey, Savage, Sawtelle, Scbenoerbom, Schoolcraft, j,
Seddnn. Shepperd, Stanly, F. P. Stan tan, Richard H. Stan-
ton, Alexander H. Stephen*. Strong, Taylor, Toombs, Un-
derbill, Wallace, Walk ins, wellborn. White, Whittlesey. |,
Williams, Woodward, Wright, and Young—121.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson,Bayly, Bingham, Bokee,Buel, !
Joseph Cable, Cartter, Clarke, Cleveland, Cole, Crmger, j
Crowell, Doty, Ewing, Fitch, Fowler, Freedley, Giddings, !
Golt, Gould, Grinnell, Isham G. Harris, Hayrnond, Hebard,
Howe, Hunter, Andrew Johnson, Jones, Julian, Preston i
King, Leffler, Littlefield, Horace Mann, Jobdtfann, Matte- !
son, McGaughey, McMullen, John K. Miller, Daniel F. j
Miller, Morris, Otis, Parker, Potter, Risley, Robinson,
Root, Sacked, Silvester, Spaulding, Sprague, Stetson,
Sweetser, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Thurman, Tuck, ,
Van Dyke, Vinton, Walden, Waldo, Wentworth, and :
Wilmot—63. I
So the rules were not suspended.
whitnet's railroad to the pacific.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, asked the unan-
imous consent of the House to offer the following
resolution:.
Rttoleed, That the use of this Hall be granted to Asa
Whitney, to explain his project for the construction of a
nilroad'from Lake Michigan to the Pacific Ocean, on Sat-
urday evening next.
Mr. BAYLY objected. He was opposed to
granting the Hall for lectures. If they did, they
would have abolition lectures in it soon.
Mr. STEPHENS moved a suspension of the
rules, to enable him to offer the resolution. ' j
On this motion a division was taken,and there-
suit was, affirmative 114; negative 40. 1
Mr. JONES demanded the yeas and nays on
the question, and they were ordered, and being
taken, resulted—yeas 129, nays 54—as follows :
TEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Allen, Alston, Ashe, Ashman,
Bell, Bennett, Bokee, Booth, Bowdon, Boyd, Breck, '
Brisbin. Brooks, Albert G. Brown, William J. Brown,
Buel, Burrows, Butler, E. Carrington Cabell, George A.
Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell, Chandler, Clarke, Cleveland,
W. K. W. Cobb, Cole, Conger. Corwin, Daniel, Danner,
Deberry, Dickey, Dimmick, Disney, Doty, Nathan Evans,
Ewing, Feathereton, Fitch, Fowler, Freedley, Fuller,
Gentry, Gerry , Gilmore, Goodenow, Gorman, Gott, Gould,
Hammond, Harlan, Hay, Haymond, Hibbard, Hilliard,
Holladay, Houston, Howard, Howe, Hubbard, Hunter,
Inge, Joseph W. Jackson, William T. Jackson, Andrew
Johnson, James L. Johnson, Julian, Kaufman, Levin,
Horace Mann, Job Mann, Marshall, Mason, Matteson,
McCIernand, McDonald, McGaughey, McKissock, Mc-
Lanahan, Robert M. McLane, Finis E. McLean, McWillie,
Meachain, Meade, Morris, Morrison, Morton, Nelson, Ogle,
Olds, Outlaw, Peaslee, Peck, Phoenix, Pitman, Powell,
Reed, Kisley, Robbins, Robinson, Rockwell, Rose, Ruin-
sey, Sawtelle, Schennerhom, Schoolcarft, Shepherd, Spaul-
ding, Sprague, Stanly, Richard H. Stanton, Alexander H.
Stephens, Stetson, Sweetser, James Thompson, Tuck, Un-
derhill, Van Dyke, Walden, Waldo, Watkins, White,
WhitUesey, Williams, Wilmot, Woodward, and Wright—
129.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Averett, Bayly, Beale, Bow-
lin, Bullard, Burt, Joseph Cable, Joseph P. Caldwell,
Clingman,Colcock, Duer, Duncan,Giddings, Gilbert, Green,
Grinnell, Hall, Haralson,Isham G.Harris,'Thomas L.Harris,
Hebard, Henry, Robert W. Johnson, Jones, Kerr, James
G. King, John A. King, La Sere, Leffler, McDowell, Mc-
Mullen, McUueen, John K. Miller, Millson, Morse, Orr,
Otis, .Parker, Phelps, Potter, Richardson, Root, Ross,
Sackett, Seddon, Silvester, Thomas, Jacob Thompson,
Thurman, Venable, Vinton, Wallace, and Wentworth—54.
So the rules were suspended, and the question
being on the adoption of the resolution,
Mr. STEPHENS demanded the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, asked the gen-
tleman from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] to with-
draw his motion, to enable him to amend it, by
moving also to grant the use of the Hall to the
American Colonization Society, to hold their an-
niversary meeting on the 21st instant.
Mr. STEPHENS preferred that his motion
should stand by itself. .
The previous question received a second, and
the main question was ordered; which main ques-
tion was on agreeing to the resolution.
The question was taken, and the resolution was
agreed to.
Mr. STEPHENS rose to a privileged question.
He moved to reconsider the vote by which the
resolution was agreed to, and to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
Mr. BAYLY called for the yeas and nays, and
was about to address the House, but
The SPEAKER ruled that all debate was out of
order.
The yeas and nays were not ordered; and the
motion to reconsider the vote to suspend the rules
was laid on the table.
SILVER COINS.
Mr. CHANDLER asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer a resolution. It was
merely a resolution of inquiry, and he hoped that
there would be no objection to it.
The resolution was reported to the House; it is
as follows:
Whereas, in consequence of the large supplies of gold
from California and other parts of the world, the proportion
between that metal and silver is rapidly changing, thereby
affecting their relative values, and rendering the latter metal
an article of merchandise rather than currency, and causing
its circulation as money to cease at its nominal value:
And whereas, under the circumstances, the silver coins of
the country are being largely exported; and in consequence
of the premiums offered for them by dealers in bullion, they
are being rapidly withdrawn from circulation, thereby sub-
jecting the banks and business community to great and
growing inconvenience from the scarcity of these coins for
the purpose of making change :
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of reducing the value of the
silver coins of the United States by diminishing their weight
or of increasing the proportion of alloy in the same, or both,
so as to prevent their exportation; and that they have leave
to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. SWEETSER objected to the introduction
of the resolution.
Mr. CHANDLER moved to suspend the rules
to enable him to offer the resolution.
The question on suspending the rules was taken
by tellers, (Messrs. Chandler and Sweetser
acting,) and decided in the affirmative—ayes 104,
noes 39.
So the rules were suspended, and the question
was on agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. HALL requested thegentleman from Penn-
sylvania to strike out the preamble to the resolu-
tion.
Mr. CHANDLER had no objection to do so.
His only object was to get the matter before a
committee.
Mr. MEADE was willing to vote for the reso-
lution, if the gentleman from Pennsylvania would
agree to an amendment. He was in favor of the
I committee being instructed to inquire into this
j matter, but he desired that they should make an-
other inquiry at the same time.
Mr. CHANDLER. Well, what is it?
Mr. MEADE replied, that he desired that the
committee should at the same time inquire into the
expediency of establishing a coin of the value of
one dollar, composed of a eel-tain number of parts
of gold and a certain number of parts silver, so as
to make the coin larger and more convenient for
use.
Several Members. Oh, no!
Mr. CHANDLER said, that as there was ob-
jection made, he would rather not agree to the
amendment. He had intended to make some re-
marks upon this resolution, but as he found that
the House (and he was very glad to see it) was
anxious to proceed to business, he would abstain
from saying any thing in relationto his resolution,
but would call for the previous question.
The demand for the previous question received
a second, and the main question was ordered;
which main question was on agreeing to the reso-
lution.
Mr. JONES moved to lay the resolution on the
table; which motion was not agreed to.
The question recurring on the adoption of the
resolution, it was put, and carried in the affirma-
tive.
Mr. CHANDLER moved to recoHsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted, and to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
pay to the widow of jabez gore.
Mr. HAMMOND asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That there be paid, from the contingent fund,
to the widow of Jabez Gore, who has lately died while
holding the office of an Assistant Clerk of fliis House, his
compensation to the end of this session, and also that his
proper funeral expenses be paid from the contingent fund.
Should objection be made he should move that
the rules be suspended. He (Mr. H.) would not
adopt this course but that he considered this case
a meritorious one.
Mr. JONES objected.
Mr. HAMMOND moved that the rules be sus-
pended, to enable him to offer the resolution.
Mr. HALL demanded the yeas and nays, but
they were not ordered.
The question was'taken, and the rules were sus-
pended.
The question now being on agreeing to the reso-
lution,
Mr HAMMOND was about to address the
House in favor of his resolution, but was inter-
rupted by general cries of "Question!" "ques-
tion !"
Mr. H. demanded the previous question.
Mr. HALL wished to inquire whether the
House would consent to the introduction of a reso-
lution to pay the widow of Mr. Campbell, late
chief clerk, which it had voted down at the last
session ?
The SPEAKER stated that the gentleman was
out of order.
The demand for the previous question having re-
ceived a second, the main question was ordered;
which main question was on agreeing to the reso-
lution.
Mr. HALL demanded the yeas and nays, and
that the question on the yeas and nays be taken
by tellers; but they-were not ordered.
The resolution was then agreed to.
Mr. HAMMOND moved to reconsider the vote
by which the House had agreed to the resolution,
and to lay that motion on the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
fugitive slave law.
Mr. McLANAHAN moved to suspend the
rules to enable him to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That it would be inexpedient and improper to
repeal the law passed at the last session of Congress enti-
tled " An act to amend, and supplementary to, the act en-
titled ' An act respecting fugitives from justice, and persons
escaping from the service of their masters, approved 12th
February, 1793.'  
Mr. McLANAHAN called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered..
Mr. SACKETT inquired whether, if the rules
were supended, the resolution would be open to
amendment?
The SPEAKER replied that if the rules were
suspended the resolution would be before the
House for its action, and that amendments would
be in order that were relevant to the resolution.
Mr. CARTTER objected to the motion to sus-
pend the rules for the purpose of introducing the
