185 L
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
227
resolut ion, as not in order, for the reason that the
resolution did not propose any measure, or the
modification of any measure, of legislation.
The SPEAKER overruled the point of order,
and decided that the motion to suspend the rules
was in order.
Mr JONES inquired whether it was in order to
move to lay the motion to suspend the rules on the
table?
The SPEAKER replied that it was not in or-
der.
The question on the motion to suspend the rules
was then taken by yeas and nays, and resulted—
yeas 123, nays 84—-as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Allen, Alston, Andrews,
Ashe, Bayly, Beale, Bingham, Bokee, Bowdon, Bowie,
Boyd, Brooks, Albert G. Brown, William J. Brown, Buel,
Bullard, E. C. Cabell, Joseph Cable, Joseph P. Cald-
well, Campbell, Chandler, Clingman, Williamson R. W.
Cobb, Colcock, Daniel, Danner, Deberry, Dimmick, Doty,
&uer, Dnrkee, Rliot, Ewing, Featherston, Fuller, Gen-
try, Gerry, Giddings, Gilbert, Gorman, Gould, Green,
Hall, Haralson, Isham G. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Hay-
mond, Henry, Hilliard, Holladay, Howard, Howe, Hub-
bard, Inge, Joseph W. Jackson, Robert W. Johnson, Julian,
Kaufman, Kerr, Preston Kin";, La S^re, Leffler, Littlefield,
Job Mann, Mason, McLanahan, Finis G. McLean, Mc-
Queen, Me Willie, Meade, John K. Miller, Millson, Morris,
Morse, Morton, Orr, Otis, Outlaw, Owen, Parker, Penn,
Phelps, Potter, Powell, Reed, Bobbins, Root, Rose, Savage,
Schoolcraft, Sedden, Shepperd, Sprague, Stanly, Frederick
P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, A. H. Stephens, Taylor,
Thomas, Jacob Thompson, James Thompson, Venable,
Walden, Wallace, Watkins, Wellborn, Went worth, Wil-
liams, Wilmot, Woodward, and Young—133.
NAYS—Messrs, Alexander, Ashmuu, Averett, Bell, Ben- . .
nett, Booth, Bowlin, Breck, Briggs, Burrows, Builer, G. i enable you to obtain a certain specific number
A. Caldwell, Calvin, Cartter, Ciarloe, Cleveland, Cole, ' without leaving any fraction. So it is with the
Conger,Corwin,Cr«well, Dickey,Disney, Duncan, Nathan „pnt ° uj/t, j;|fpwjSp ,-nnvi.nmi frnrvi
Evans, Fitch, Fowler, Freedley, Gilmore, Goodenow, Gott, : ? ® P®ce' wiJ1Tctl 18 '!Kewlfe convenient Irom
Grinnell, Hammond, Hampton, Harlan, Hay, Hebard, Hib- j divisibility. Upon the other hand, you will
bard, Hoagland, Houston, William T. Jackson, Andrew ■ observe that the five cent piece is as inconvenient
Johnson, James L.Johnson, Jones,George G. King, James 1 in this respect as is possible, being divisible by
<j>. King, John A. King, Horace Mann, Marshall, Matteson, 1 -• - - ■ ■ •" — '
McDonald, McDowell, McGaughey, McKissock, Robert
M. McLane, McMullen, Meacham, Daniel F. Miller, Mor-
rison, Nelson, Ogle, Olds, Peaslee, Peck, Pitman, Richard-
son, Risley, Robinson, Rockwell, Ross, Ruinsev, Sackett,
Sawtelle, Schermerhom, Silvester, Stetson, Sweetser,
Tuck, Underhill, Van Dyke, Vinton, Waldo, White, Whit-
tlesey, and Wright—84.
also prepared a bill, which, however, I did not
introduce, because I knew it was vain to expect
action at that-session.
Now, sir, if I can obtain the ear of the com-
mittee for a little while, I will beg their attention
; to this subject, because it is really one of no in-
considerable interest. What is the reason that our
Federal coins of the value of five and ten cents
do not circulate, or, to speak more exactly, not
why they do not circulate, but why their circula-
tion. is an inconvenience rather than otherwise?
Why is it that the Spanish coins of the value of
twelve and six cents (and which are known by
various names in different States) are so superior
in convenience? Every gentleman must have no-
ticed this; arid if we ascertain the cause, we may
then be able to find a remedy.
It arises, in my opinion, from this cause. Our
Federal system is an admirable one in all respects
except one. From the indivisibility of the num-
bers, five and ten, it is difficult to adapt prices to
coins of those denominations. If we had a system
of numeration that counted by twelves instead of !
by tens, it would be perfect. It would both pro- j
vide the requisite of divisibility and afford the same
facility in calculation that we now have. Let me
illustrate how this operates. It is a little matter |
in its details, but much affects our convenience, in
petty, but constantly occuring transactions. Sup-
pose, for instance, that the price of an article is
one cent or two cents, or three, four, or six cents.
In each of these cases- your twelve cent piece will .
So the rules were not suspended.
Mr. HOUSTON said he had voted in the nega-
tive, and believed, therefore, that he was entitled
to move to reconsider the vote by which the House
refused to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER decided that such a motion
was not in order. The Chair had already decided
that it was not in order to move to reconsider a
vote by which the House had refused to suspend
the rules.
CHEAP POSTAGE BILL.
On motion by Mr. POTTER, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole, (Mr.
Burt in the chair,) and resumed tlw consideration
of the special order—the cheap postage bill.
Mr. DUER- Will the gentleman from Ohio
do me the favor to allow me a short time to make
a few remarks ?
Mr. POTTER. I will do so, if the gentleman
will not occupy more than ten minutes.
Mr. DUER. I was in hopes that the gentle-
man from Ohio would have been able to afford me
time enough to make some general remarks on
the bill. Since, however, he finds thai he will re-
quire nearly all his time in order to make his con-
cluding remarks, I will only make a few observa-
tions upon a single topic, incidentally connected
with the subject under consideration. This bill
contains a clause for the establishment of a silver
coin of the value of three cents. If we are to have
nothing except itself and the number one. Your
ten cent piece is divisible only by two and five,
and has only half the divisibility of the number
twelve. This is the reason that prices are adapted
to the small Spanish coins, and it is their superior
convenience that retains them in circulation.
Now, how can you remedy this evil? You can-
not give the numbers five and ten an increased divi-
sibility, but you can give divisibility to the dimes
and half dimes by constituting smaller coins of
fractional values. If, for instance, you had a third
of a dime and a quarter of a dime coins, (though
this is perhaps more particular than is necessary,)
then your ten cent piece would have all the divisi-
bility, and consequently all the convenience and
adaptability to prices that the twelve cent piece
. now heis. Prices would, before long, adapt them-
j selves to such coins; and little articles that now
sell for two, three, and four cents, would sell for a
third of a dime and a quarter of a dime. The con-
sequence would be that the Spanish coins would
soon be driven from circulation.
Now, sir, how does the Director of the Mint
I propose to correct this evil ? I have no doubt that
| that gentleman fully understands his business
' the coining of money; but with respect to the
j rules that govern the circulation of money; there
j is no reason why he should have given his atten-
i tion to that subject more than other gentlemen.
, He proposes first to establish a silver coin of the
1 value of three cents, and next, that the Govern-
| ment shall buy up the six and twelve cent pieces
' and make other coins out of them.
Now it is clear to me that you may buy up
these coins forever, but that so long as they are
the most convenient coins for circulation, other
nations will coin them for our market, and we
shall be sure to get them. In the next place, it
! coins of fractional values, and there is no other
mode of doing it.
! I throw out these suggestions, which I might
extend to a greater length for the purpose of in-
viting attention to the subject. If we are about
to establish a new coin, let us be sure to do it in
such a manner as will really promote public conve-
nience. There is another little matter upon which
I will say a word. It is proposed to alloy these
coins, so as to debase them below the standard of
our othersilver coins. There is no necessity for this.
It will be easy, by altering their form, to make
them distinguishable from other small coins,
and also to give them a proper size. The managers
of the Mint were not friendly to the gold dollar;
and unfortunately, they made the coin of such a size
as to place their objections in the strongest light.
It might have been made with a hole in the centre,
or if only beaten out to a larger size it would have
been a very convenient coin. They made it so small
as to be almost useless. I think, therefore, that that
part of the bill, which proposes alloying the new
coin so as to make it baser than other silver coins
should be amended. Many nations have silver
coins of the value of two cents, and even less.
I am much obliged to the gentleman from Ohio,
for his kindness in allowing me the floor, and will
not longer trespass upon his courtesy.
Mr. POTTER then again rose and said:
Mr. Chairman: In answer to the various ob-
jections which have been made by various mem-
bers at different times to this bill, it becomes me
to investigate the subject by facts and figures, in
order to obviate them. It is for this reason, and
that I may be prepared to maintain every position
which I have assumed, to fortify every point which
has been attacked, that much of what I shall have
to say will be from written memorandums. And
for their correctness and truth I am responsible.
I will take occasion at the commencement to
say, that those gentlemen upon this floor who are
most decidedly opposed to this bill, and who rep-
resent States, whose receipts for postage does not
equal the expenditure for mail service in them,
have exhibited a modesty truly becoming to tliem;
for whilst, with one or two exceptions, they have
remained silent during this whole discussion, their
allies from States where there is a surplus have
maintained the controversy. But I fear that when
we come to vote upon the bill, they will make
themselves felt, if they have not been heard.
The receipts from postage in Maine exceed the
cost of transportation.
New Hampshire, over.
Vermont, " .
Massachusetts, " .
Rhode Island, " .
Connecticut, " .
New York, " .
Pennsylvania, "
Ohio, • " .
Wisconsin, " .
Iowa,
.$50,000
. 20,000
. 18,000
.180,000
. 20,000
. 40,000
.460,000
.200,000
. 80.000
. 25,000
2,000
a three cent postage, there is certainly a propriety ! would be doubtful policy to attempt to drive them
in having a coin of that denomination. But what —1
we ought to have, in my opinion, as well with
reference to the rates of postage as for other rea-
sons, is not a coin of the value of three cents, but
of the value of one quarter of a dime, or two and
a half cents. My colleague, who sits near me,
[Mr. Matteson,] informs me that he entertains
views on this subject similar to my own, and has
prepared an amendment to the bill, which, how-
ever, 1 have not yet seen. At the last session of
Congress, having bestowed some reflection on this
subject, "(which may appear minute, as it relates
to a minute matter, but which, nevertheless, has no ;
slight importance,) I gave notice of a bill for the
purpose of establishing a coin of this character, i
and. I addressed a letter to the director of the Mint, i
in order to obtain his views upon the subject. I !
out of circulation unless we first make our own
coins equally or more convenient. It is their
convenience that keeps them in circulation, and
unless we get convenient substitutes, we might
lose as much as we would gain by banishing them,
if it were possible to do so. Lastly, the establish-
ment of the three-cent piece would increase the in-
convenience of the five and ten-cent pieces, and
make the six and twelve pieces more convenient
than they are now. It would tend to keep the
former in circulation, and in no respect remedy the
inconvenience or increase the circulation of the
latter coins. It is necessary, if you would intro-
duce our Federal coins of the smaller denomina-
tions into more general circulation, to make them
convenient coins and adaptable to prices. You
may do that by establishing a smaller coin, or j
It is from these States that we naturally look
for support to this bill; and from the immense
number of petitions which have been received
here from those States, without one single remon-
strance from any quarter, we feel assured that the
' people are in favor of the change proposed. We
who live in the paying States, do not complain that
this large amount of surplus is drawn from us for
1 the support of the mail service in the less favored
portions of the Union. We do not desire that it
should be otherwise, but we do insist that the
, rates of postage should be reduced to a revenue
standard, so long as we contribute so large a share
of the means to support this department of the
Government.
I am not a little surprised to see gentlemen upon
this floor, who represent States yielding a surplus
to the Post Office Department, even some of my
colleagues from the State of Ohio, which pays
more than $80,000 over her cost of transportation,
into the Treasury, opposing this bill. They must
certainly have become very benevolent all at once,
to be willing to tax themselves and their constitu-
ents, to afford postal facilities to their neighbors.
Mr. CARTTER asked if the gentleman inclu-
ded him in the number of his colleagues who op-
posed a reduction of postage ?
Mr. POTTER said he did mean to include him
[Mr. Cartter] in the number.
Mr. CARTTER. Will the gentleman allowme
to say that he has mistaken my intentions? I
