230
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. BALDWIN presented a memorial from
citizens of New Haven and New London, in the
State of Connecticut, asking the right of way over
the water line, in the rear of the custom-house
property, at New London, Connecticut; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. COOPER. I have received several peti-
tions from citiiena of the Commonwealth of Penn-
sylvania, (some of them from the counties of Del-
aware and Chester, the others not designating
their residences,) praying for the repeal of the fu-
gitive slave law.
Mr. President, whenever a petition is respect-
ful in its terms, and asks for that which Con-
gress has power to grant, I have made it an invari-
able rule to present such petition to the body to
which it is sent. I have snown these petitions to
gentlemen who are acquainted in the vicinity from
which they come, and the memorialists are repre-
sented to me as highly respectable people. But I
must say, in presenting their petition, that they
are praying for that which the great mass of their
own feflow-citiiens in the State of Pennsylvania
do not dosire should be granted. The great body
of the citizens of Pennsylvania are satisfied witn
the settlement of the questions relating to the sub-
ject of slavery at the last session, and do not de-
sire that that settlement should be disturbed. They
mean, as far as I know, and as far as public acts
connected with the measures which were adopted
at the last session go to prove, to stand by those
measures, and to carry them out in good faith.
They desire peace and harmony; and they know
that "so long as agitation continues to exist they
cannot have that at home; they know also that the
people of other States cannot have it in their
homes. I suppose it would be proper to move to
refer them to the committee properly having
charge of the subject. I wish to treat them with
great respect, at the same time to do that which is
Best and proper. I therefore, without reading,
more that they be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
They were so referred.
Mr. COOPER. I have other petitions praying
that Congress will not, by any act or action that
may be taken on the subject, extend the area of
slavery. Such petitions nave been heretofore laid
upon the table, and therefore I move that these
also be laid upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COOPER. I iiave also been requested to :
present a number of petitions, eleven in all, nu- j
onerously signed by citizens of the Commonwealth |
of Pennsylvania, praying that Congress may take '
action on the subject of the revenue laws of the
country, and so modify them as to afford such in- j
cidental protection as revenue measures may prop- ;
erly afford to the great interests embarked in the
manufacture of iron, mining of coal, and in the
manufacture of cotton and woollen goyds espe-
cially. These interests are suffering at the present
moment perhaps to a greater extent than they have
suffered at any previous period in the history of
this country. I speak of Pennsylvania particu-
larly, when I say that at least one half of the fur-
naces engaged two years ago in the production of
iron have ceased to operate in its production. The
quantity that was produced two years ago by the
furnaces of Pennsylvania has been diminished
more, as I am informed, than one half. Operations
in the mining of coal are likewise, to a very great
extent, prostrated. Latterly a large amount of
capital was embarked in the erection of cotton
mills, in the manufacture of cotton goods, and es- ,
pecially in the coarser kind of fabrics, but many j
of them have ceased operations within the last
nine months, and the whole of the interests to ,
which I have referred are threatened with prostra-
tion to an extent that will be most terrible if the
fostering hand of Government be not extended to
aid them.
Some of these petitions are voluminous, cov-
ering the whole ground of argument; and I am
requested to say tnat they do not invoke the Gov-
ernment for high duties, such as would be injuri-
ous to any other branches of industry, or to any
other classes of their fellow-citizens, but only for
such an amount of protection as may be afforded
without detriment to any other interests. It was
«ud here at the last session that over-productions in
the article of iron have produced a depression in
the prices. Sir, that cannot be so. During the
last year there has been imported into this country
j' over three hundred and fifty thousand tons of for-
I eign iron. There cannot, therefore, have been
, over-production. They pray, therefore, that the
protection designed to be furnished to them by the
act of 1846 may be accorded, and they ask, in let-
ters accompanying these petitions, that a move
may be made to accomplish that object. Before I
take my seat, if it be in order, I shall give notice
of a bill for that purpose. 1 do not Assign to
trouble the Senate further, and I shall therefore
move that these petitions be referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WALKER presented a document relating
to the claim of John Flinn to a pension for services
performed during the war with Mexico; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the petition of
Simeon Mott, asking a pension for services during
the last war with Great Britain; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. PEARCE presented the memorial of F.
Hultmann, of San Francisco, California, urging
the payment of sundry bills of exchange drawn by
Lieutenant Colonel J. C. Fremont on the Secretary
of State for $19,500, advanced by him to Colonel
Fremont, actuig Governor of California, for the
use of the United States; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented a petition
from citizens of Des Moines county, Iowa, asking
the establishment of a mail route lrom Dodgeville
to Pleasant Grove in that State; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Also, a petition from John A. Butin, asking to
be allowed to change the location of a military
land warrant, which had been entered through a
mistake, caused by the error of the deputy sur-
veyor in incorrectly marking the corner stake;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. CASS presented a memorial signed by citi-
zens of the borough of Elizabeth, in the county of
Allegheny, in the State of Pennsylvania, asking
the enactment of a law for the organization of com-
panies of military colonists to be settled in the
western territories for the protection of the inhab-
itants against Indian aggressions; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
, Mr. UNDERWOOD. I present a petition from
Nicholas M. Karr, asking to be allowed to locate .!
, a military land warrant issued to his grandfather. I
He represents that he lost a valuable tract of land
west of the Tennessee river, in the State of Ken-
tucky, being taken by prior claims. It is one of 1
those military claims which for the last four years I
1 have had before Congress, and which stands 1
early upon the calendar, but we shall never reach
it, 1 believe, for we are making special orders day
after day. I hope some day or other they may be
reached in the regular order upon the calendar, and !
they will soon be reached if we do not continue to
! place others ahead of them. In* the mean time, I
ask, without reading, to refer the petition to the
Committee of Claims.
It was so referred.
Mr. NORRIS presented the memorial of Fsrael
Ketcham, asking indemnity for losses sustained
by him as a sub-contractor in the erection of forti-
fications on Dauphin Island; which was referred
to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have been charged with the
presentation of sundry memorials relating to the
construction of a breakwater at Richmond Island,
on the coast of Maine; one from James B. Cahoon
and four hundred other citizens of Portland; one
from Robert Perkins and one hundred and three
other citizens of Castine; one from John S.
Caldwell and eighty-five others of Belfast; and
one from masters and ship-owners of Ellsworth,
in the State of Maine; one from Philip Greely
and other citizens of Boston and Newburyport;
all setting forth the large amount of ocean ton-
nage built in the State of Maine, and urging an
appropriation for the survey and examination of
Richmond's Island harbor, for the construction of
a breakwater; which I ask may be referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
The memorials were referred accordingly.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, I have been
requested to present the" memorial of James Rob-
ertson to the honorable the Senate of the United
States of America," and I move that it be referred
Jan. 13,
ti the committee to audit and control the contin-
gent expenses of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator must state
i the substance of the petition.
Mr. HOUSTON- I believe it is a petition pray*
ing for some remuneration for injuries done to him
by some action of this body at a time when I was
not here.
Mr. HALE. I believe that committee has re-
ported upon this subject once before, and the Sen-
ate has taken action upon it, and yet the petition
was again presented, and by the Senate the prayer
of the petitioner was rejected. I move, therefore,
that this memorial be laid on the table. •
Mr. HOUSTON. I will remark to the Senate,
as some explanation may be necessary, that I have
not been present when any action was had upon
it, nor was I here when ihe occurrence out of
which it arose took place. I am entirely ignorant
of the whole matter. This memorial was handed
to me this morning with a request that I would
present it to the Senate, and in discharge of that
duty I moved its reference to the committee; but
if it has really had that direction previously, I am
informed of it for the first time. If it has not al-
' ready been referred and action taken upon itT I
; hope it will now be referred and acted upon.
Mr. HALE. I think it is time, the Senate
owes it to itself, not to give countenance to annoy-
ances of this sort any longer. The Chair can
satisfy the Senator from Texas that what I have
said is true, and I think the chairman of the coin
mittee will bear me witness to the same effect. It
was presented to the Senate at the last session, a
committee reported, and the Senate took action
upon it, and it seems to me, with great deference
to the Senate, that the only mistake the Senate
made was in giving this fellow anything. The
Senate voted him $100, and since that another pe-
tition has been presented, and the Senate voted to
reject the prayer of the petition. Now, if the
Senate cannot prevent the tenacity with which
these petitions are sent to it, there should at least
be no encouragement given to them. The easiest
way to get rid of it is to lay it upon the table, and
I therefore make that motion.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to remark, Mr. Presi-
dent, that if the Senate has had this subject here-
tofore under discussion, I was not present at any
time, nor on any occasion, when reference was
made to it. If the Senate has a thorough under?
standing of it, it may be unnecessary, perhaps, to
take further action upon it. But being ignorant
of the course which has been pursued and adopted
by the Senate, I felt it to be my duty to present
the petition. I have done so, and having done so,
I move its reference to the committee to audit and
control the contingent expenses of the Senate.
Mr. HALE. I renew my motion to lay it upon
the table. «
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WINTHROP. 1 present the petition of
Thos. Kennedy, of Boston, praying to be remu-
nerated for damages done to* his house by a com-
pany of the Massachusetts regiment of volunteers
who were quartered therein 1847, while that regi-
; ment was organizing, under the command of Col.
Gushing, for the service of the United States in the
late war with Mexico. I move its reference to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
MONUMENT TO GENERAL WARREN.
Mr. WINTHROP. I have been intrusted with
a memorial from a Committee of the Directors of
the Bunker Hill Monument Association, of a
i highly interesting character.
It sets forth that on the 8th of April, 1777, a
j resolution was adopted by the Continental Con-
j gress, on report of a special committee, in the fol-
j lowing terms:
. " That a monument be erected to the memory of General
1 Warren, in the town of Boston, with the following inscrip-
tion: In honor of Joseph Warren. Major General of Massa-
chusetts Bay. He devoted his life to the liberties of hi 
i country, and in bravely defending them he fell an early vic-
! tim in the battle of Bunker's Hill, 17tb June, 1775. The
Congress of the United States, as an acknowledgment of his
I services and distinguished merit, have erected this monu-
I ment to his memory."
I " That a monument be erected to the memory of General
Mercer, in Fredericksburg, in the State of Virginia, with
the following inscription: Sacred to the memory of Hugh
Mercer, Brigadier General in the army of the United States.
He died on the 12th of January, 1777, of the wounds he re-
ceived on the 3d of the same month near Princeton, in New
Jersey, bravely defending the liberties of America. The
