1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
283
Section one, line one, after the word "ounce,"
insert:
" Upon each letter not weighing over one half ounce,
tarried not more than five hundred miles, two cents; upon
each such letter carried more than five hundred and not
more than one thousand miles, three cents; upon each such
letter carried over one thousand and not over two thousand
nnles, five cents; and upon each such letter carried over
two thousand miles ten cents; upou every letter of greater
weight than osie halt" ounce, there shall be "charged for every
additional half ounce, or fraction thereof, the same amount
as for the tirst half ounce."
Mr. POTTER aaid: I should like to know from
the gentleman from New York who offers this
proposition, if he can state to the committee, satis-
factorily, the difference in the cost of transporta-
tion of the half ounce weight three hundred miles
and five hundred miles? 1 suppose, perhaps, that
it will amount to one farthing—a quarter of a pen-
ny—perhaps to a mill. If the gentleman can
snow me by any facts or figures, a difference be-
tween the cost of the transportation of a letter five
hundred miles, after it gets into the mail, and one
thousand miles, I will very readily accede to a dif-
ference of rates on account of distance. As I
have stated before, it is not the mere transportation,
the carriage of the mails, which constitutes the
great item of expense to the Department; that
amounts to comparatively nothing; but it is the
mailing and delivery of letters, and the compen-
sation of the officers employed under the Depart-
ment. I should like the gentleman to give some
reason why this amendment is offered. It can
but embarrass the bill.
Mr. SACKETT asked if it was in order for
him to address the committee in reply to the gen- ,
tleman from Ohio ?
The CHAIRMAN thought not. The gentle-
man from New York had his right to explain the
amendment when he offered it.
The question was then taken on Mr. Sacrett's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. VINTON moved to strike out of the first
section of the original bill the words:
"There shall be charged upon each unpaid letter weigh-
ing not more than one half ounce live cents; anil for each
additional half ounce, or fraction of half an ounce, when so
unpaid, the sum of live cents.''
The effect of such an amendment would be to
make a general system of three cents postqge, be-
cause it would have the effect of causing prepay-
ment. I am desirous, sir, that whatever system
of postage we adopt, we should always require
letters to be prepaid. Now, sir, this system of
prepayment is not mere speculation, for it is
well known to be successfully in operation in the
greatest commercial country of Europe. I speak j
of the British system. We know it works well
there, and I think it would do so here. I am of :
opinion that the adoption of such a system would
effect a great saving and wouid much simplify the !
accounts of the postmasters, as well as the amount
of labor performed in the post office department
generally. In the first place it would save every
business man the necessity of keeping an account
with his postmaster. He would, as a matter of
course, obtain a sufficient number of stamps, so
as to last him six months, or a year, if he so
chooses; and by this means a vast amount of la-
bor and trouble would be saved in the payment of
letter postage. He would not be compelled to
keep any account with the postmaster whatever.
Then, sir, we should be saved a vast amount of
labor here; the members of the House are continu- 1
ally receiving letters, to which they must reply,
however unimportant to them. When a person
chooses to trouble members of this House with
letters, he should be required to pay the postage
for them. Such a provision, sir, would save an
immense amount of labor with which we are bur-
dened here.
But I do not think, sir, it is necessary that mem-
bers here should be deprived of the privilege of
sending their letters free. Why, sir, since I have
been a member of this House I have devoted more
than five years' laber to other people's business,
in which I had no concern whatever, simply be-
cause of the existence of this franking privilege.
So far from valuing this liberty of receiving letters
free, as a member of this House I would give one
hundred dollars to get rid of it rather than it
should continue. I think that the amount of labor
bestowed upon these letters might be devoted to 1
more useful purposes.
Mr. McLEAN, of Kentucky. With all which
the gentleman who has just sat down has said in
|| reference to the evil of the franking privilege, I
!l perfectly agree. I go further, however; I am in
favor of anv proposition by which the franking
privilege will be abolished, so far as members of
Congress are concerned. I think that individuals
sending letters to them should be required to pre-
pay their postage, and that members should also
; be required to pay their postage. I am utterly op-
posed to the amendment which is now pending—to
the system of prepayment. I am for cheap post-
age, for the three cent rate; and I am for giving
the privilege to all persons whether they shall
prepay their letters or not. I should vote against
any proposition which would tend to take away
this privilege from the community at large. I
i would leave it discretionary witn every man
t whether he should pay his postage or not; I would
make, however, a discrimination between the
amount charged when prepaid and when not paid,
upon the delivery of the letters" The reason why
1 oppose the proposition of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Vinton] is this, that I would vote for uo
proposition that would tend to cut off any portion
of the social and private communications through-
out the country. We ought to encourage ordi-
nary correspondence; but if you require prepay-
ment you reduce the number of letters, and con-
sequently the amount of revenue to the Post Office
Department. I do not know how it may be in
Great Britain, but I know that a very large num-
ber of our letters are social communications, and
to require prepayment might tend to diminish tJiat
number. Let members on this side of the House,
at least, stand up and vote for the Government
proposition. I say 1 do not know how it can be
in Great Britain, but I understand how it is in the
United States. I know that when individuals are
required to prepay their letters, the effect would be
to cut off a very great number of letters that now
go through the post office. Then, Mr. Chairman,
if you thus cut off the amount of social inter-
course by this species of tax on unpaid letters, of
, course you would also cut off the revenues. I do
not expect to be always in Congress, and my in-
, terestis that of my constituents. I am not for
taxing any part of the community to enable the
. other portion to transmit their letters and docvt-
j mfents free. 1 do not wish to see any of our
| correspondence, either love letters [laughter] or
I business letters, taxed. I would like- to see the
I franking privilege abolished in Into. [Here the
1 hammer fell.]
The question was then taken on Mr. Vinton's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. DUER moved to amend the first section by
inserting after the word "cents," in the ninth
line, the words, " until after the 1st day of July,
1852, after which day the said rates shall be two
! and a half cents instead of three cents.
Mr. D. said: I am in favor of a two and a half
cent postage instead of a three eent rate, a rate
which would be additionally convenient in the
event of the establishment of a coin of the value
of a quarter dime. If, however, such a coin were
established, it would not come into immediate and
general circulation, and it would befound difficult,
without such a coin, to make the two and a half
cent rate work well. I therefore propose to let
the three cent rate remain (if it should be passed)
: for the present, and that the two and a half cent
rate take effect on the 1st of July. If it is neces-
sary to have such small coin, as 1 think it is, I
think the coin I propose is much more convenient.
I think this question involves the question aa to
whether we shall drive out the Spanish silver coin
or not, and to establish our own Federal money.
If you will coin a three cent piece and make it
convenient, and thus make the twelve and six
cent pieces divisible, you will be establishing the
Spanish, and driving out our Federal silver. In
such case, it would be almost impossible to keep
our own coin in circulation. It would, I think,
tend to drive out the Spanish coin; but whether it
would do so or not, it would certainly be a very
useful coin. I offer this amendment for the pur-
pose, principally, of seeing the views of the com-
mittee in relation to such a system of coinage.
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana. I listened, Mr. Chair-
man, with great interest to the remarks of the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Duer] upon the
subject of changing our coin, whieh he delivered in
this House yesterday, as published in the Globe
of this morning. I am aware that there is much
force in the reasoning with which the gentleman
supported his proposition; and indeed 1 think th?
com he proposes (two and ft half ctnts) would be
found to operate well if it could be introduced into
the large cities, and in commercial relations. But
years must elapse before the proposed quarter dime
would find its way into the country post offices;
and unless the postmasters were in possession of
this coin, they could never give change or pay-
ment for a letter at the rate proposed. It would
be a difficulty almost impossible to obviate. I
have before me a specimen of the three cent coin,
new from the Mint. It is so small that you can
almost blow it away, and I think its extensive in-
troduction impracticable.
The question being taken on the amendment of
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Duer,] it
was lost.
Mr. CROWELL moved the following amend-
ment:
At the end of section one, add:
" Provided, That there shall be charged ou all letters
transported in the mails from any of the Atlantic porta in
the United States to any of the ports in the United States
upon the Pacific, or from any of the ports in the United
States upon the Pacific to any of the Atlantic ports in the
United States, twice the aforesaid rates; and upon all news-
papers, pamphlets, periodicals, magazines, books, or other
printed matter herein provided for, twice the aforesaid
rates."
Mr. C. continued. I am satisfied, Mr. Chair-
man, that a bill reducing the rates of postage will
pass at the present session of Congress, ana most
probably the bill reported by the committee will
be the one the House will eventually favor. I am,
for one, therefore, inclined to direct my attention
to it, so as to make it acceptable to a reasonable
majority of this House.
The object of the amendment that I have pro-
posed, is to meet the views of those gentlemen;
and there are a great many such, I believe, in this
House who favor a discrimination in. the rates of
postage between the Atlantic and Pacific coasts.
I think, sir, owing to- the very great distance
and expense of the transportation of the mails
from one point to the other, that such a discrimi-
nation is right and just; and if the rates are re-
duced to three cents, I think, sir, that the price of
transportation of letters hence to San Francisco is
not too much. My colleague (the chairman of the
committee) has recommended four times that
amount in his substitute. That, I think, is teo
high, with all due deference to his better judgment;
and I therefore propose my amendment reducing
that amount one half, and yet double the ordinary
rates of postage between all other points in the
country.
Mr. ASHMUN. I merely wish to say, sir,
tliat I am entirely opposed to the discrimination
proposed by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Crow-
ell.] I think there is no reason why our sister
States on the other side of the Mississippi, and on
the Pacific coast, should not receive the same ben-
efits as we on this side of the Rocky Mountains.
I think no such discrimination should be made. I
think such a discrimination is odious. We should
place all our fellow-citizens on the same footing.
All are entitled to the same rates of postage. I am
entirely opposed to any proposition favoring a
system of discrimination.
The question was then taken on Mr. Cro well's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana. If there is no other
amendment to the first, section of the bill, I will
now move to strike out the whole of that section
and insert a substitute which I will send to the
Chair. I suppose it is now in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion of the gentle-
man from Indiana, to strike out the first section of
the bill, is not now in order. The motion of the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Ashmcn] is
the pending question, if there is no further amend-
ment offered to the first section.
Mr. CALDWELL, of Kentucky, offered the
following amendment as a proviso to the first sec-
tion of the bill:
Provided, That no post office now in existence shall be
discontinued, nor Bhall the mail service on any mail route
in any of the States or Territories be discontinued nr di-
minished in consequence of any diminution of the revenues
that may result from this act: provided, further, That
it shall be the duty of the Postmaster General to establish
new post offices and place flic mail service on new mail
romes established, or that may hereafter be established, in
the same manner as though this act had not been passed:
i provided,further, That the compensation of no post-
master shall he diminished in conseqitcnre of the p;i ;-- ,,,,.
of this act.
