234
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 14,
Mr. CALDWELL was proceeding to address
the committee, when he was interrupted by
Mr. PARKER, who rose to a question of order.
He wished to kno"w if it was not in order to move
to improve the first section before the proviso was
added to it.
The CHAIRMAN replied th\t the amendment
of the gentleman from Kentucky was perfectly in
order.  
Mr. CALDWELL. I offer my amendment
with a view to protect the rural districts and the
■parsely-populated districts, from the regulations
of the Department,—and .indeed, as I am told, from
a positive law—that post routes shall be discon-
tinued, if they do not furnish the proportion of the
revenues necessary to defray their own expenses.
If this act become a law, (and unless some pro-
vision similar tu that which I have offered, be incor-
porated in the bill,) I think the effect must be, that a
very large number of the rural post offices must be
discontinued. My own district, as my colleague
has shown, would be likely in that event, to be af-
fected. It is manifest, Mr. Chairman,'that the in-
come of the offices there must diminish, and that in
consequence, without some provision of this kind,
the salaries of the postmasters must be diminished
too. Under these diminished rates, if made the
law of the land, I have little doubt, as I have said,
that in many of the post offices in the interior of
the United States, the income would fall so low that
no competent postmaster could be got to take
charge of the post office at a greatly diminished
salary. To protect the rural district post offices
from a diminution of mail facilities, and to retain
competent postmasters, some provision like that I
have offered is absolutely necessary if this act be-
comes a law. Without intending to detain the
committee, I merely wish to state that I have
offered the amendment in good faith, and under
the absilute conviction that without its adoption
very many of our post offices must be discontinued,
greatly to the inconvenience and detriment of the
rural districts.
Mr. PH GLPS. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Kentucky, who, I
think, has not prepared it so as to obviate the
difficulty which he wishes to avoid. If I under-
stand his amendment, it provides that no post
office shall be discontinued after the passage of
this act. JVow, we know very well, that post
offices are established upon different points, and
the mails may pass over one road leading to that
point, or over another, as may suit the convenience
of the people; and ofiemtimes at the request of the
citizens of the neighborhood a post office is discon-
tinued and the route is changed to accommodate a
larger portion of the citizens.
Mr. CALDWELL,of Kentucky, (interposing.)
I judge from the remarks of the gentleman from
Missouri that he has not properly considered my
amendment. The fault is not in the amendment
itself, but in the consideration which the gentle-
man has given to it. The amendment provides
not that post offices shall not be discontinued, but
that they shall not be discontinued in consequence
of any diminution arising under this .act.
Mr. PHELPS. I may very possibly have mis-
understood the amendment in hearing it read. It
is here, however, and I will read it. It is as fol-
lows:
Provided, That no post office now in existence shall be
discontinued, nor any mail route in any State or Terri-
tory be discontinued or diminished in consequence of any
diminution of revenue that may result from this act.
Mr. CALDWELL. Precisely so; " inconse-
quence of any diminution of revenue that may re-
sult from this act."
Mr. PHELPS. It would be a hard matter to
distinguish between post offices discontinued in
consequence of a diminution in the revenue and
those discontinued at the request of the citizens.
If the gentleman wishes to prevent the Post Office
Department from discontinuing the mail service
on routes now established, that is one thing, but
keeping the post offices precisely in the places
where they are established is another thing; be-
cause the wants and convenience of the people
oftentimes require a change. But if gentlemen
desire that mails shall be carried on every mail
route on which mails are now transported, let the
law of 1825 be repealed. In the amendment which
I intend to propose to this bill, I have provided
that the Postmaster General shall not, in conse-
quence of mail routes failing to yield three fourths
of the revenue requisite to meet the expenses of
sustaining them, discontinue them. It is frequent-
ly a matter of convenience to the people that the
Postmaster General shall change the route, and
frequently, in consequence of the establishment of
new routes, old routes ought to be discontinued.
In some instances, the people themselves petition
that those routes shall be discontinued. Since I
have been a member of this House, there have
been several cases of this kind within my own dis-
trict, where, in consequence of the establishment
of new routes more beneficial to the people, the
people living on the old routes have desired the
service on the old routes to be discontinued. I
think, therefore, that we must legislate carefully
on this subject, or we shall compel ihe Postmaster
General to keep up the service on every route,
whether it may be necessary or not.
Mr. CALD vVELL. Suppose the gentleman's
substitute for tjie bill does not pass, what becomes
of the subject then ?
Mr. PHELPS. I am not speaking as though
my substitute would be adopted. I am only
throwing out these suggestions in order that the
gentleman may modify his amendment so as to
accomplish the object which I believe he has in
view.
The question was, then taken on Mr. Cald-
well's amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. GERRY rose and said: I have an amend-
ment to the first section of the bill. It is to insert
in the fourth line of the bill after the word " fol-
lows," the following:
" Upon all letters or sealed packets, not weighing more
thau one half ounce, carried live hundred miles or less,
two cents. I.'pon letters or sealed packets carried over
five hundred miles, and less than one thousand, five cents.
Upon all letters or on sealed packets, carried over one
thousand miles, and to any point in the United States, ten
cents, and like additional sums for every additional half
ounce or fractional part thereof."
Mr. Chairman, I had the honor a few days
since of submitting some remarks to the com-
mittee, and at that time I intimated that I should,
if I got an opportunity, propose the amend-
ment which I have now offered. I almost appre-
hend, however, that the amendment will not meet
with the approval of a majority of the committee;
and I fear also that the bill as reported by the
committee, will be adopted with some slight mod-
ifications. With that bill I am prepared to be
content, but still I should much prefer that the
amendment which I have offered to the first section
of the bill should be adopted, for this reason: that
I am satisfied that something must be done in or-
der to divert to the revenues of the Post Office
Department the large amount of money which is
now paid for letters carried by private expresses
between the large cities of the Union.
If private expresses can carry letters for two
and three cents, the Department should do the
same. To my certain knowledge, a large amount
of the letters transmitted between some of the
larger cities of the United States, are carried by
private expressess. And why? For the very
reason, and for no other, that the Department
charges five cents a letter, and the private ex-
presses carry them for two and three cents.
Now, sir, let me say a few words in relation to
a uniform rate of five cents. Gentlemen have ex-
pressed great apprehension lest the expenses of
the Post Office Department should be thrown
upon the general Treasury. Now I think that
any gentleman who will examine the subject, must
come to the conclusion, that a uniform rate of five
cents can never meet the expenses of the Depart-
ment, and can never do away with that objection
to a reduction of the rates of postage. I admit
that there is great simplicity in a uniform rate of
five cents; but simplicity is the only recommenda-
tion which the five cent rate has. There is no
equality—there is no justice in a uniform rate of
postage in a country covering such a vast extent
of territory as ours.
Thechairman of the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, asks us why we should charge
five cents for carrying a letter one thousand miles,
and only two cents for carrying it one hundred,
and why we should establish these arbitrary rates ?
My reply to that inquiry is, that the whole matter
is arbitrary, and that we must adopt some arbi-
trary rule in relation to the subject. If you estab-
lish a uniform rate, it is arbitrary; it is unequal
and unjust. If you establish a graduated scale of
charges, you avoid the objections to a uniform
high rate, while at the same time you secure the
advantages of a uniform low rate.
Mr. SWEETSER said, the amendment now
pending discloses one of the main objects of the
advocates of this cheap postage system. It was
disclosed on yesterday to some extent by my col-
league, the chairman of the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, [Mr. Potter,] and
we now discover that this movement, as I had an-
ticipated from the beginning, grows out of the
competition which exists between the Post Office
Department and the private expresses of the large
cities of the Union. In such a contest I have no
sympathy or interest. I do not intend that my
votes or action in this House, or the manner in
which I shall represent my constituents, shall be
in any manner affected by this kind of competi-
tion between the Post Office Department of the
country and the private expresses. I do not care
if private expresses do come in competition with
the Post Office Department. I have no hesita-
tion in declaring that if the private expresses of
the country could transact all the business of
this sort and relieve the country from the Post
Office Department, I should be gratified. I will
not be controlled in my action in regard to this
matter by any contest which may be got up be-
tween private expresses and the Post Office De-
partment.
Sir, it is in the large cities, and where the dis-
tances are short, that efforts are being made to
obtain this reduction of postage. And if it be
that there is a contest between the large cities of
the Union and the sparsely-settled districts—if
that be the point, I, for one, am quite ready to
meet it. I am willing to enter into the contest
where interests confined within such narrow limits
seek to overshadow and control interests spread
far and wide throughout this vast Confederacy.
I took occasion to say the other day that I am
opposed to all invidious distinctions. The great-
est amount of the labor in the Post Office Depart-
ment is in the receiving and mailing of letters, and
not in their transportation. It is a fact well known
that the greatest letter mail between New York
and Philadelphia could be taken on two horses.
It is the newspapers and other printed matter
which weighs down our mails, and that portion of
the service which relates to letters is encumbered
by the printed matter which is sent from the large
cities of the Union. For one, I am prepared to
take the position, that if private expresses are able
to perform this service cheaper and better than the
public mails, let them do it, and my vote shall not
be given in order to affect their interests or to con-
trol in any manner this controversy which exists
between the Post Office Department and the pri-
vate expresses.
I would ask the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Gerry,] and other gentlemen who advocate this
measure, why, if the private expresses can do the
service so much cheaper than the Department, will
you get up this controversy ?
Mr. GERRY, (interposing.) For the very rea-
son that we wish to secure to the Department the
revenue paid to these private expresses, in order
to furnisn you and your constituents with the
facilities you demand.
Mr. SWEETSER. Sir, we ask no favors.
The State which I have the honor in part to repre-
sent upon this floor asks no favors; she has no
sympathy in this controversy between the Gov-
ernment and the expresses. I have before pointed
out the sources from which this controversy
emanates, and the manner in which it was got up,
and in which this cheap postage bill has been
forced upon the House. I am opposed to this
amendment, and I shall not only vote against it,
but I shall vote against every amendment that
seeks to make invidious distinctions between one
section of the country and the others.
Mr. HALL. Mr. Chairman, I move to strike
out the words "two cents," where they occur in
the amendment of the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Gerry,] and ihsert "three cents." I fully concur
in the reasoning of the gentleman from Maine. It
is the duty of Congress, under the Constitution, to
establish post offices, and of course to establish
post routes. It is our constitutional duty to carry
the mails; and in order that we may carry into
effect that duty, it is necessary for us to adopt
such rates as shall cut off these private expresses.
If the idea of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Sweetser] be concurred in,and private expresses
