1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
235
be permitted to carry the mails, then it would be
better at once to abolish the post office system en-
tirely, and put it into the hands of private compa-
nies; but such I am sure is not the opinion of the
majority of Congress, or of the people of this coun-
try. If we are to confer the privileges and benefits !
on newspapers, which are proposed by some gen-
tlemen, it can only be done by the adoption of
such regulations as will secure the revenue from
letter postage, which private expresses are now
obtaining. I can see no objection in the world to
adopting a graduated rate, such as that proposed
by the gentleman from Maine. I believe that upon .
the shorter routes, a great deal of the transporta-
tion of letters is carried on by private companies,
and it would therefore be highly proper that the
rates upon these routes should be reduced, so as to
secure to the Department the revenue now collected
by private companies. But \^e know that there are
no such expresses engaged on the routes from the
Atlantic cities to the Mississippi, &c.; and there is
therefore no necessity for reducing the rates on,
those routes, as much as we reduce them on the
shorter routes.
It appears to me, from all the information that
I am able to obtain, that we should derive such
a revenue from the five and ten cent 'rates upon
those long routes, as from the three cent rates.
For, if you have very high rates for the short dis-
tances between the large cities, you will derive no
revenue from them at all. I think a three cent
rate will be sufficient to destroy these private ex-
presses, and I therefore think it is better to adopt
it, and if afterwards it shall be found by experience
that those gentlemen who favor the lowest rates
of postage are right, we can then come down to a
rate of two cents, or even one cent, if it shall be !
proved that that rate can sustain the Department. ;
Mr. VENABLE said: Mr. Chairman, I was '{
gratified at the adoption of the amendment of the !
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Caldwell,] !
which provided that the reduction of postage
should not cause the discontinuance or diminution
of mail facilities to the country; that the scanty
salaries of our rural postmasters should suffer no
curtailment on account of such abatement in the
rates of postage. This is right, sir. I feel some
surprise to hear gentlemen say that the demands
for the benefit of the facilities afforded by the mails
is one that the people enjoying them should be
compelled to pay for; that in the event that the
income of the post office should be insufficient to
defray its expenses, that those sections of the
country which yield but little revenue from that
source should be denied the facilities which the
establishment affords. It is equally reasonable to
demand that the frontiers should be driven to rely
upon themselves for protection against hostile in-
vasions, because the expense of maintaining the
requisite force would greatly exceed the value of
the lives and property protected. The whole mis-
take is to be found in this error.: that the post of-
fice shall be a self-supporting institution. A greater
fallacy cannot be conceived. If it were carried
out it would defeat all governments. I affirm that
there is no process of civilization which has been
so fruitful in great results—so productive in the
development of all that is interesting and lovely in ,
the human character. I see gentlemen who will
vote to open the Treasury for steamships for col-
onizing Africa with free negroes, and transporting
mails and letters to and from that continent—whose
benevolence is so expansive as to seek new chan-
nels of communication across distant seas to carry
mails to foreign countries—who vote millions for
French spoliations—to make harbors and improve
rivers—whose hearts on other subjects expand so
as to include the universe; but when the claims
of the rural people of our own land are made,
those hearts contract, and the reply is, Pay for it
and you shall have it. If Wall street asks for the
creation of a corporation to build steamers in part-
nership with the Government; if new regiments
are to be raised, and friends are to get places and
commissions; if the Treasury is to be poured out
upon great, brilliant, and imposing enterprises,the
measures are defended with zeal and supported with
eloquence. These great questions attract public
notice by letter-writers and others; public senti-
ment is manufactured; a clamor is raised, and the
grandeur of the schemes in some measure diverts the
attention of the country from their enormity. In-
ternal improvements, rivers, harbors, steamboats,
and railroads appeal to the Treasury for support.
Public lands, by millions of acres, are given, mil-
lions of dollars axe appropriated, loans negotiated,
and taxes collected. These are great schemes; and
; although local, they can be combined, and a ma- j
jority can be secured so that the measures are
adopted and perfected at the public expense. But
when a sparsely-settled country, the frontier settler
who has invaded the forest with his axe—when
the obscure widow or orphan of the soldier asks
for the means of communication afforded to the
rich and the influential, their voice is unheard.
They make no clamor; they have not been cor-'
rupted by Government favors, and their claims
are oversloughed by the insolence of wealth and
power. Gentlemen are willing to pamper those
who have fed upon the Treasury, to enlarge the
bounty to satisfy the clamors of rapacity, but pass
by the claims of modest worth. They stimulate
a disease already consuming the moral sense of
the co ntry, and deny to society that impulse
which gives energy to the vital influence, bearing
it from the centre to the remote extremities. The
intercourse established by the mails ministers to
the organization of society, in a manner similar to
the circulation of the blood through the system.
I desire no unequal diffusion, no feverish excite-
ment, but that gentle, uniform current, both the
cause and evidence of health. Whilst, sir, I am
an advocate for reduction, I will not vote for any
rash experiment upon the system. I am sure that
the revenue will be increased. 1 am also confident
that the people of this Confederacy are as much
entitled to the facilities of intercourse by the mails,
as they are to the protection of the Army and the
Navy against the enemies of the country. For
wise economy I am an advocate; for just demands
I know but one way, that is, to meet and discbarge
them. I would not vote for a law which would '
discontinue a single post office when one ought
to be preserved, or deny one when it may be justly
demanded. I would not drive deserving men from
the office of postmaster. I would provide for all I
these contingencies, and as the most efficient mode '
of effecting this, I would extend the blessings of
the post office establishment to all our broad lands,
and Dy reducing thfr cost, encourage the frequency
of the intercourse of minds and hearts.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Hall to the amendment of Mr. Gerry,
and it was rejected.
Mr. McDONALD moved to amend the amend-
ment of Mr. Gebry, by striking out the words
"and less than one thousand, and the words,
" and upon all letters and sealed packets carried
over one thousand miles, and to any point in the
] United States, ten cents," so as to leave but two
rates, that is for all distances under five hundred
miles, two cents; and all over five hundred miles,
five cents.
Mr. McDONALD. I am in favor;Mr. Chair-
man, of the principle of this amendment; and I
believe, with a very large majority of this House,
that a reduction of the postage is necessary;
but in effecting this reduction, we have several
objects to accomplish. We must effect this re-
duction of the postage in such a way as not to
reduce the postal facilities of the rural districts—
this is in part accomplished by the amendment of
thegentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Caldwell,]—
and also in such a manner as shall tend to increase
the amount of postal matter that will be trans-
mitted through the mails.
I am opposed, Mr. Chairman, to the reduction
of the postage rates to a uniform system, because
I do not believe that such a uniform system would
effect the objects I havp stated above. If that uni-
form rate is established at five cents, you then only
reduce the letter postage upon letters that are
transmitted over three hundrea miles; because, ac-
cording to our present rates, a five cent postage is
charged upon letters that are transmitted less than
three hundred miles, and a ten cents postage for
greater distances; and as the number of letters that
are transmitted three hundred miles and under
greatly exceed the number that are transmitted
over that distance, such a reduction will reach that
class only upon which the least revenue is derived
at the present rates; and it is probable that but
a small increase will be made in the number of let-
ters that are transmitted over three hundred miles
by reducing the rate of pastage to five cents uni-
form rate.
You cannot expect to make up for the deficien-
cy of the revenue by such a reduction as this; and
no alternative remains but to either reduce the
amount of postal service or throw the burdens of
the mail upon the Treasury, both of which propo-
sitions I am utterly opposed to; but by adopting
the amendment which I have proposed, you then
give to the individual who may desire to transmit
letters any distance over five hundred miles a
cheap rate of postage, and offer every inducement
to use the mails in preference to transmitting by
hand, and thereby offer every inducement to in-
crease the amount transmitted that could be rea-
sonably demanded, while upon letters transmitted
a less distance than five hundred miles you make
a corresponding reduction, and increase the in-
j ducement to use the mails, as a cheaper and safer
mode, to the exclusion of the private express.
And after all, we must reasonably expect our
greatest increase in the number of letters trans-
mitted in that class of letters that are transmitted
comparatively a short distance. For these rea-
sons I am clearly of opinion that the reduction I
; have proposed, if adopted, will fully meet the
wants of the country, and at the same time do no
serious injury to the revenue of the Department
which is now obtained from the ten-cent rate.
In addition to that, there is certainly no principle
that is more equitable than that those persons who
receive the benefit of postal services should pay in
proportion to that benefit. And, sir, it is unques-
tionably a greater accommodation to a man to
have his letters transmitted five hundred miles than
, it is to have them transmitted twenty-five miles.
The proposition, as I understand it, is for a five
cents uniform rate; and therefore the same charge
would be made for the transmission of letters one
thousand miles as for ten miles; and, sir, I con-
ceive that there is no equity in such a system as
that.
Sir, I again repeat, if you wish to increase the
aggregate number of letters transmitted through
the mails, you milst reduce the postage of those
that are transmitted the shorter distances. And
this is certainly rational; it is in accordance with
facts and all experience.
We have been referred bv gentlemen on this
floor to the experience of England. Now, I think
there is no principle upon which a comparison can
be drawn between that country and our own; for,
in almost all cases there, the distances are short,
and consequently the reduction of postage there
has been upon the transmission of matter for short
distances. There is, perhaps, no one route in the
United Kingdom that exceeds the distance of five
hundred miles; and the same reason cannot, in
the nature of things, exist there for making the
distinction in distances that does here. While her
routes extends for hundreds of miles, ours is
lengthened out by thousands; and while her pop-
ulation is compact, and her greater amount of mail
matter is confined to a few large commercial cities,
ours extends over a large continent and an im-
mense area, all of which has to be supplied with
mail facilities.
A great portion of our country is very sparsely
settled, and there can be certainly but little benefit
accruing to those in these portions of the country
upon such a reduction as that which is contempla-
ted; but if a uniform rate is to be established, I
then prefer that the rate established should be
three cents rather than five cents, as I believe that
would tend to increase the amount of mail matter
much more than the five cent rate, inasmuch as it
would operate as a reduction upon all the rates of
postage under the present law; and I firmly believe
we can only look for an increased number of let-
ters through mails to any great extent by making
the reduction operate upon those letters that now
pay five cents, as well as upon those of a higher
rate.  
Mr. SACKETT. Mr. Chairman, I am op-
Fosed to the amendment of the gentleman from
ndiana, [Mr. McDonald,] but I am in favor of
the proposition of thegentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Gerry.] I hope that proposition will be main-
tained by this House.
Thecnairman of theCommitteeon the Post Office
and Post Roads seems to have the impression
that every proposition that is brought up here to
alter or modify his bill in any way, is intended to
hinder the passage of the bill reported by the com-
mittee. I believe that the rate established by that
bill can never be maintained as the rate of postage
in this country.
How, sir, can the mail matter be carried two
