236
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan 14,
thousand miles as cheap as it can be carried one
hundred miles ? The chairman of the committee
says it will cost no more to carry a letter weighing
half an ounce two thousand miles, than it will onfe
thousand miles, or one hundred miles. But, sir,
I think in this the chairman of the committee is
not correct, ft is not the weight of a single letter
that we are to consider in making thp estimate, but
the aggregate amount of the mail matter. I appre-
hend no one will say that the aggregate amount of
mail matter carried over our great mail routes can
be transported as cheap two thousand miles as it
can be one hundred miles. No one would sup-
pose this amount of matter can be carried us cheap
between the cities of New Orleans and Boston as
it could be between New York and Albany. If
this amendment were to prevail, it would bankrupt
the Department. It cannot be maintained if you
undertake to carry the mail long distances at the
same rate you carry it for short distances. I main-
tain that the principle of carrying your mails
two thousand miles lor the same price you carry
them one hundred, is arbitrary, it is unphilosoph-
ical; it is not equitable. How can the Depart-
ment maintain itself if this principle be adopted?
Suppose the State of New York were to undertake
to charge the same rate of toll on a barrel of flour
from Buffalo to Lockport it charges from Buffalo
to Albany. Does any one suppose that would be
just or equitable? Now, sir, the principle is just
the same as that of carrying the. mail at uniform
rates, without regard to distance.
Mr. FOWLER. The gentleman inquires upon
what principle it is that the rates of postage should
not be uniform, and raises the inquiry whether a
certain weight can be carried two thousand miles
as cheap as 
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question being on the amendment of Mr.
McDonald to the amendment, it was put, and
the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. MEADE. 1 desire to offer an amendment
to the amendment of the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Gerry,] as follows:
To strike out the word* " five hundred " and insert '■ one
hundred and fifty " in lieu thereof.
I think that if such an amendment were adopt-
ed I should be induced to vote for the proposition,
because by establishing that as the distance within
which a two cent postage shall prevail we by that
means cut off the private expresses between the ;
large cities. i
The establishment of one hundred and fifty
miles as the limit would embrace Boston, New
York, Philadelphia, and Baltimore, &c., and by
this means we should secure to the Department
the revenue upon the correspondence between those
large cities, which a uniform rate of five cents
would not. I repeat again, my object in proposing
the amendment is to secure the largest amount of
revenue we can get between the large cities. I
shall be in favor of a uniform rate of five cents,
unless this object can be accomplished. I there-
fore offer this amendment to the amendment of the
gentleman from Maine, and if it prevail I shall
vote for his amendment.
Mr. SACKETT. Mr. Chairman, I am opposed
to the amendment of the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Meade,] upon principles stated by me be-
fore. These principles are the only ones that
should govern our action upon the question of the
transportation of the mail.
I wish now to offer an illustration, drawn from
the experience which we have had in mail matters.
The chairman of the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads tells us the question of distance is a
matter of 110 consequence in the cost of transport-
ation. How does it happen that in the routes
between New York and Philadelphia, Philadelphia
and Baltimore, New York and Buffalo—the great
thoroughfares of the country—cost three, four,
five, ten, or twenty times as much as the same
distance on the small routes in the country ? Is
there any other consideration than that of the
question of weight to produce that difference?
Nothing else. It is a fallacious principle to sup-
pose that this increase of cost is to be attributed
to any other reason than that of increase of weight.
It is an aggregation of weight. The only ques-
tion is, what is the distance, and what is the
weight t These are the only two principles which
govern theexpenr.e of transportation. More than
half the entire expense of the Post Office Depart-
ment is for carrying the mail. If we are to re-
, gard the Post Office Department as a self-sustain-
i ing Department of the Government, we must j
■ ascertain what will produce the revenue sufficient
to sustain the Department.
| A word upon the importance of the" Post Office ;
| Department sustaining itself. That principle must :
' be maintained. It is unquestionably true that the I
I interests of the country demand it. The people |
j will never consent to lay a tax upon their prop- j
| erty to support this Department. So long as it j
! does maintain itself, the mail facilities that have 1
i been afforded will be continued.
One word'upon the subject of the reduction of
(stage, which took place in 1845. The average
postage,
reduction in 1845 from the postage prior to that
time, was about one hundred and thirty per cent.
We have had an increase of the mail facilities, and
I an increased number of mail routes since that time.
I The mail routes have increased in a greater pro-
j portion since 1845 than they did prior to that year.
! The proposed reduction is about eighty-three per
I cent, from the present rates.
The question was then taken on the amendment
J of Mr. Meade to the amendment, and rejected.
Mr. KAUFMAN. I wish to offer the amend-
[ ment which I send to the Chair, if it is in order,
i The Clerk read the amendment. It is as fol-
i lows:
" That from and alter the thirtieth day of J uue, liJol, let-
ters carried in the mail of the United States, without regard
to distance, shall be charged witli the following uniform
rates of postage : On all letters, not exceeding half an ounce
Ui weight five cents, and for every additional half ounce,
or fraction thereof, there shall be charged the like sum of
five cents additional, and all drop letters two cents. No
postage shall be charged on newspapers sent from the office
of publication to any post office in the county where
printed. And the Postmaster General is hereby authorized,
, whenever the revenues of the Department will permit, to
abolish the postage, first, on newspaper? sent by mail from
- the office of publication to persons livingin the State where
such papers are printed; and, second, to abolish newspaper
I postage entirely: Provided, That such successive abolitions
of postage on newspapers shall only be made when it can
; be done without caufcingthe expenditures of the Post Office
' Department to exceed the revenues thereof."
The CHAIRMAN decided that the amendment
was not in order, being a substitute for the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Maine.
Mr. KAUFMAN. I offer it as mi amendment
to the amendment now pending.
Mr. DUER. It is a substitute for the whole
amendment. Now I want to amend that amend-
ment in part.
The CHAIRMAN again stated that the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Texas Was not now.
in order.
Mr. KAUFMAN. Then is the amendment of
j thegentleman from Maine not amendable ?
! The CHAIRMAN replied that it was amenda-
j ble, but not by a substitute.
I Mr. DUER then said: I propose to amend the
i amendment now under consideration, by striking
f out "five hundred" and inserting "six hundred.
I rise for the purpose of saying a few words on the
subject of a .uniform rate of postage. I hold opin-
ions on this subject very similar to those expressed
' by my colleague, and I wish only to say a few
words why I cannot vote for a uniform rate of
postage. I can understand why, in a country like
Great Britain, it may not be expedient, as a matter
of expediency, to have several rates of postage.
I can see no reason why the person who sends
' his letter a long distance should pay tax, whilst
Government in effect confers bounty on those
whose letters are carried short distances. Now,
; is that a just principle? I think, it clearly is not.
But, it is said that the Post Office Department is
like the War or the Navy 'Department, and that
! there is no reason why we shouhl not appropriate
, money from the Treasury in aid of it, as for either
of the other Departments.
r It might be a much more pertinent inquiry why
the Government does this business at all, than
why the Government should not do it without
charge. We carry letters for individuals, and I
believe that it is the only instance in which the
Government undertakes to perform services for
payment. But is there not a most obvious differ-
ence between this Department and those of the
Army and Navy, whicn are for the protection of
the whole country, and by which no specific ser-
vice is rendered to individuals? If the Govern-
ment, ir to carry letters throughout the country
gratis, or for so low a charge as not to be remuner-
ative, why should not the Government set up as ,
carrier in general ? I do not mean to say that the ;
Government should give up the carrying of letters
altogether: there are other reasons why we should
not do that; but it does seem to me just that indi-
viduals should pay in proportion to the service
rendered to them, and it is but just that the tax
should be apportioned, or that we should approx-
imate to such an apportionment; and I do not see
why this should not be done in this case. Now,
sir, being in favor of cheap postage, I am for ii
with certain limitations. I mean, in the first place,
a postage as Ibw as we can afford to put it, and no
lower. I would also vote for a reduction that
should not tend to reduce the postal facilities, for
it is no use for a man to have to walk ten miles to
his post office to get his letter, even supposing lie
should only have to pay three instead of ten cents.
1 know that a provision has been inserted in the
bill, that this act shall make no difference in the
postal facilities of tire country; but it is impos-
sible that any Postmaster General can admin-
ister the Department without it. You will have
either a large deficiency of several millions of dol-
lars in his report, or else the postal facilities will
be cut off.
The question was then taken on Mr. Diter's
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. PARKER. Mr. Chairman, I ask lea\e
to present the following amendment:
Insert after the word "cents," in the 7th line
of the 1st section of the bill, the following:
" Not weighiug over one half ounce, when postage is
paid where such letter is mailed, three cents, when carried
in the mail not exceeding three hundred miles; when car-
ried over three hundred miles five cents ; when carried to
California or Oregon ten cents; and for each additional half
ounce or fraction of half an ounce, when so prepaid, there
shall be charged an additional rate. The rates just men-
tioned shall be doubled when the postage is not paid in
advance."
From the votes which have been taken upon
the amendments this morning, it must be appa-
rent to every one that it is not the intention of this
House to reduce the rates of postage to an uni-
form standard of two cents upon each letter carried
to any distance.
The object of my proposition is to reduce the
rates of postage upon every letter weighing not
more than half an ounce and carried less than
three hundred miles, to three cents. And, sir, that
in fact will be a great reduction.
From the estimates that have been given here of
the number of letters which have passed through
j the mail, I think that more than 50,000,000 are
j not carried more than three hundred miles—thatless
! than 17,000,000 are carried beyond that distance,
j When this feet is taken into consideration, it must
be obvious to every one that this will be a great
I reduction of postage; and besides this, it will be
giving the benefit to those who are entitled to the
I benefit.
There is an inequality—a gross inequality—in
the principle of charging upon a letter that is car-
ried ten miles only, the same postage that you
charge upon a letter which is carried a thousand
miles. It is an inequality which everybody must
, object to. Sir, we do object to it.
; From the votes which have been taken here this
I morning, I am convinced that unless something
1 like this be adopted, you will have your postage
established at an uniform rate of five cents. In
the amendment which I have offered, I have pro-
posed to establish a rate of three cents for the same
distance which, under the present rate, five cents
is charged. On letters carried to Oregon and Cal-
ifornia, I propose to establish a rate of ten cents—
the postage now being forty cents.
But, sir, this fact is apparent, that you cannot
expect, after the votes of this morning upon the
amendments which have been offered, to establish
anything less than an uniform rate of five cents,
unless something like the proposition I have offered
be adopted. I propose that the largest proportion
1 of letters shall be reduced to the uniform rate of
I three cents; for, as I have before stated, that out of
70,000,000 of letters which are carried through the
I mails, at least 50,000,000 of them are not carried
! more than three hundred miles, while less than
17,000,000 are carried beyond that distance; so
that, as every oue will see, the rate of postage upon
more than 50,000,000 out of the 70,000,000 of let-
ters will be reduced from five cents to three.
Mr. THURSTON. I wish to say a word or
two in opposition to the amendment offered by the
gentleman who has just taken his seat, [Mr.
Parker.] The amendment he offers makes the
