.238
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 14,
all the necessary means and at the same time
afford the most extensive mail facilities to the peo-
ple. I go for the cheapest rate that will do this,
and I hope that I shall be supported by the com-
mittee in the effort td establish such a rate.
Mr. MCMULLEN. Is the amendment open to
amendment?
l'ue CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. McMULLEN. Then I move to strikeout
" five," and insert " six." This bill has occupied
a very large portion of the time of this House.
And I wish to ask, from whence comes this appli-
cation for an extraordinary reduction of postage ?
It has not emanated from districts such as I have
the honor to represent. The application has
come, as I understand, from the large cities of this
country.
Notwithstanding the view presented by the
learned chairman of the Post Office Committee,
[Mr. Potter,] who has given this subject so
much consideration, I undertake to say that if
you pass this bill as it has been reported to this
House, the Post Office Department will be a tax,
and a very heayy tax, upon the National Treasury.
Why is this enormous reduction proposed ? Why
are not gentlemen willing to accept a reasonable
reduction ? Why are they not willing to fix the
rate at five cents, as proposed by the gentleman
from Indiana? (Mr. Brown.] It is asserted here
that if you reduce the rates of postage to three
cents, the Department will receive more revenue
than if the rate were five cents.
Mr. POTT ER. Will the gentleman allow me
to say a word ?
Mr. McMULLEN. I-will yield the floor for a
•ingle moment.
Mr. POTTER. To illustrate the point, I would
ask the gentleman if it was not always contended
by the Democratic party that if there was a de-
crease of duty on imported articles, it would not
increase the revenue of the country?
Mr. McMULLEN. Yes, sir, to a " healthy"
condition. But if the gentleman's argument be
true, you might take off all postage and still there
would be plenty of revenue. The Democratic
party, to which I belong, has always contended
for a " healthy," judicious tariff—a revenue tariff.
But the gentleman from Ohio seems to take the
other extreme. [Laughter.]
Mr. Chairman, I am desirous, in good faith, of
reducing postage to such an extent as will not
cause the Post Office Department to become a
burden on the Treasury. If the committee did
not suppose the Department would become a tax
on the Treasury, in consequence of these proposed
reductions, why do they propose to appropriate a
million and a half of dollars for its support?
Mr. POTTER. 1 will tell the gentleman if he
will yield.
Mr. McMULLEN. I cannot yield. I heard
the gentleman the other day try to explain this.
Sir, if gentlemen will come forward and propose
such a reduction on letter postage that we shall not
have this Department a tax upon the public Treas-
ury; if they will come forward with a proposition
to reduce the tax on newspapers so as to give the
country newspapers an equal chance with those
published in cities, I will vote for it.
Here the hammer fell.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Chairman, I am opposed
not only to the amendment offered by the gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. McMullen] to the
amendment of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Brown,] but I am also opposed to the amendment
submitted by the gentleman from Indiana. I am
not prepared to abolish the great principle on
whicn our system of postage is, and has been
based since the foundation of the Government—the
principle of discrimination in distances,—until we.
are prepared, as we doubtless shall be in the pro-
gres sof time, and the improvements which will
be made in traveling, to regard the greatest distan-
ces as immaterial.
I rise, however, Mr. Chairman, to enter, at this
stage of the discussion before the committee, my
solemn protest against the argument *which has
been so often advanced by honorable gentlemen,
that these propositions for a reduction of postage
come from the larger cities of the Union, and the
populous districts of the country. I have the good
fortune to represent a State which does not boast of 1
any large cities; but which can boast of one thing— j
un5.er a" systems, the revenues of the Post j
Oifice Department within the State haVe been
equal to its expenses; and therefore I do not
feel particularly called upon to answer the ques-
tion of the gentleman from Virginia. But I will
reply to that question, according to the Yankee
method, by asking another. If the larger cities of
the Union and populous districts of the country
now maintain the posted establishment, who has
i a better right to ask for a reduction ?
| We hear much said about what are termed the
1 rural districts of the Union—the western, the in-
terior sections of the country. Why, the expenses
of the Post Office Department in those districts
have been borne by your large commercial and
| manufacturing communities, and they will be
borne in that way under any system. I therefore
; say they have the right to ask of this Congress
; such a reduction as their wants may require, when
1 they are able to satisfy you that with that reduc-
! tion they will be as well able to sustain the De-
partment as they have heretofore.
I hope a reduction will be made, with a just and
proper discrimination, for if we are merely to sit
here to reduce postage for the benefit of remote
sections of the Union, I am against all bills pre-
pared with that view; but if you accompany such
a reduction as is just and equitable with reasonable
discrimination according to distance, I am in favor
of it. Such a proposition is, I believe, embodied
in the substitute of the honorable chairman, [Mr.
Potter.] I shall, therefore, be prepared to favor
that, with some modification in its details, when-
ever it comes up.
Here the hammer fell.
Mr. HAYMOND inquired whether it was in
order to ask for a division of the question, so as to
take the vote first on striking out?
The CHAIRMAN said it was not.
The question was then taken, and the amendment
of Mr. McMullen to the amendment of Mr.
Brown was rejected.
The question then recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Brown.
Mr. STRONG. I rise for the purpose of mov-
ing an amendment to the amendment offered by
the gentleman from Indiana, Air. Brown.] It
is to strike out the word ^5ve," and insert
" three."
It will be seen that the effect of the amendment
I offer is to provide that postage throughout the
United States shall be established at the uniform
rate of three cents. It may be proper for me here
to say, that I hesitated long before I had deter-
mined in my own mind what course was advis-
able to be pursued in regard to the proposed re-
duction of rates of postage. At first, I was dis-
posed to favor the proposition of the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Brown,] that the postage
should be of the uniform rate of five cents.
I have changed my opinion, and I believe that
if the experiment which we are about to try be
successful, it cannot succeed with the uniform rate
of five cents. And for this reason, 1 desire to pre-
sent this one consideration to the House, as I
think it will settle the question in regard to the
feasibility of reducing the postage to either five or
three cents. A reduction to the uniform rate of
five cents is no reduction at all, except upon about
one fifth of the correspondence of the country.
Let that fact be borne in mind. About one fifth
of the correspondence of the country is that cor-
l respondence which pays the postage of ten cents,
| while the other four fifths pay the postage of five
j cents. If you reduce the postage to an uniform
; rate of five cents, you will affect only that corre-
spondence which pays now ten cents postage, and
you will not affect the remaining four fifths of the
correspondence which pays five cents. Well,
suppose by your act you increase the correspond-
ence which now pays ten cents, a hundred fold,
then you will leave the residue precisely as it is
now, and you will have held out no inducements
to those wno now pay five cents on their letters,
to increase their correspondence. No man can
believe that an uniform rate of five cents can suc-
ceed. Will an uniform rate of three cents suc-
ceed? Why, that holds out inducements to an
increase of correspondence, not only on the part
of those who have paid hitherto ten cents, but on
the part of those who have done by far the larger
part of the correspondence of the country—those
who have paid at the rate of five cents. In my 1
opinion, it will greatly increase the number of let-
ters which will pass through the mails. j,
Now, sir, what do you gain? Four fifths ofjj
the letters pass over the short routes, and pass
through the densely-populated portions of the
country. Why, sir, in those portions of the coun-
try, we know that a very large proportion of the
letters are not at present sent through the mails,
because they can be sent cheaper by private con-
veyance. The moment you enable the mails to
carry letters at about the same rates that they can
be sent by private conveyance, you will throw
this large number of letters into the mails, and of
course increase the revenue of the Department.
Besides, sir, that four fifths of our population who
now use the mails for only the short routes, will
have an inducement to increase the correspondence
held out to them, which they would not have un-
der the uniform rate of five cents.
I repeat what I said before, if the experiment of
a reduction of postage is to succeed, it must be a
reduction of postage upon all classes of letters
which now pass through the mails, and not sim-
ply a reduction upon one fifth of the correspond-
ence.
The question being on the amendment of Mr.
Strong to the amendment of Mr. Brown—
Tellers were demanded and ordered, and Messrs.
McLane (of Maryland) and Featherston were
appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported 88 in the affirmative and 84 in the negative.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The question then recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Brown, as amended.
Mr. ASHMUN. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding to it the following:
"There shall be charged on each unpaid letter weighing
not more than half an ounce five cents, and for each addi-
tional half ounce or fraction of a half ounce, when not so
prepaid, the sum of five cents."
I offer that amendment, Mr. Chairman, because
I think ther£ ought to be a distinction between
letters that are prepaid and those that are not pre-
paid. There should be something like a penalty
for not prepaying, and a bonus for doing so. I
trust this amendment will be adopted.
Mr. MEADE. Mr. Chairman, I rise to a paint
of order. If the amendment, as it has already
been amended, be amended in the manner pro-
posed by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Ashmun,] it will be equivalent to the section as it
now stands. I think it is, therefore, out of order.
The CHAIRMAN, (Mr. Bwrt.) The Chair
cannot rule the amendment of the gentleman from
Massachusetts out of order simply on that ground.
Mr. STRONG. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Ashmcn.] 1 am opposed to the system of pre-
payment. I desire to see only one uniform rate
of postage upon letters established. The success
of the cheap postage system depends, of course,
upon the large increase of the number of letters,
and a large increase of the correspondence of the
country.
Now, sir, gentlemen may say what they please
about the small difference between five cents and
three; but it will make a great difference in the
correspondence of the country, if a man is obliged
to pay the postage on every letter he writes, or if
there is a sort of moral obligation upon him, re-
sulting from imposing an additional tax upon his
correspondent in case he does not prepay the post-
age. Now what does prepayment amount to ?
Suppose prepayment existed in all cases. Under
the present system, we have less than three per
cent, of letters, dead letters, in your dead-letter
office. Less than three per cent., I say. Does
any man suppose, that if prepayment were re-
required , or if there be such a moral obligation as
is imposed in making a distinction between pre-
paid letters and those which are not, it will not re-
duce the number of letters going into the mails
more than three per cent ? A man may be very
willing to write a letter, and put it into the mail
addressed to me, if he is not called upon to pay
the postage upon the letter, or if he is not made
aware of the fact, that if he does not pay the
postage it will impose an additional postage on
me.
But, after aH, what is this making a distinction
between prepaid letters and those which are not
prepaid ? It is punishing the receiver of the letter,
and not the writer. A man writes a letter, ad-
dressing it to me, and he ought to have prepaid it;
but he does not prepay it. Because he did not do
