242
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 15,
Potter,] if such ftn amendment is iu order, that
the word "three" be stricken out of his amend-
ment wherever it occurs, and that "five ' be inserted
in its place.
Now, Mr. Chairman, it seems to me that we
are all aiming at one and the same object, and the i
only difference of opinion amongst us is as to the ,
best means of obtaining that object. I submit to ;
the members of the committee whether it is not !
best for us—even although there are many in this j
House who are willing to go for the lowest pos- 4
sible rate of postage—whether, I say, it would not
be best to feel our way down gradually, before
we undertake to establish a rate of postage that
might probably interfere with the revenues of the
Post Office Department. If we find eventually
that a two cent rate would produce the greatest, or
even a remunerative revenue, I should be iu favor ;
of it. If  |
Mr. FEATHERSTON. I rise to a point of j
order. I moved an amendment precisely the same i
as that offered by the gentleman from Virginia, and
I understood the Chair to rule it out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair admits that it
did so decide, but on a moment's reflection it thinks
that that decision was erroneous. The Chair
apologizes to the gentleman from Mississippi.
Mr. MEADE, (continuing.) A very few years
trial, Mr. Chairman, of the five cent rate will or
will not prove to us the practicability of still more
lowering the rates of postage. If the results of a
five cent rate warrant, it can be doue. I ask gen-
tlemen, what is the necessity of making so long a
leap from the present rates of five and ten cents to
a uniform rate of two or three cents ? It is very
uncertain what may be the effects of such a reduc-
tion upon the revenues of the Post Office Depart-
ment. On the other hand, by falling gradually
down from the present to the lowest possible
rates, no great injury can be done. As I said be-
fore, try the experiment of a small reduction first,
and you can afterwards, with greater confidence,
establish a still lower ra^of postage.
Reference has frequenW been made to the postal
arrangements of England, in the course of this
discussion, and an inference drawn that because a
two cent rate works well there it would be equally
successful here. Gentlemen must bear in mind,
however, that whilst there are in that country
from two hundred to three hundred inhabitants to
the square mile, and that population, too, distrib- i
uted almost equally over the whole extent.of ter-
ritory, that there are but ten or fifteen to the
square mile in the United States. The committee
must at once perceive that where, in the one case,
a two cent rate is established, that a five cent rate
may be a very cheap rate of postage in the other.
There is a difference between carrying a mail bag
to a neighborhood where there are two hundred or
three hundred persons receiving letters, and carry-
ing it to another where there are but fifteen or
twenty persons who receive letters. In the one
case the receipts may considerably exceed the rev-
enue, and in the other not meet one twentieth part
of the expenses.
Now, I conjure gentlemen who are desirous of
establishing a rate of postage that will, without
discrimination of distances, at the same time se-
cure a sufficient revenue to the Post Office Depart-
ment, that they now adopt a five cent rate; and in
doing that we are falling from a ten cent rate to
five; we are establishing a uniform rate of five
cents throughout the country, which I think is a
sufficient reduction at once.
At the end of the fiscal year after which this re-
duced rate may come into operation, and finding
a revenue has been effected, we can then very
I ment. As was said by the gentleman from Vir-
| ginia, [Mr. Meade,] we are all seeking the same
j object; but the question is, how to arrive at it in
' the safest manner. By inserting the words three
cents, we strike from the revenue of the Post Office
Department about three millions of dollars. The
revenue of the Department last year—the postage
on letters averaging about six and a quarter cents—
was between five and six millions of dollars.
Thus, then, by a rate of three cents instead of six
on letters not prepaid you strike down about half
the entire income of the Post Office Department.
This tlie committee ought certainly to look at in
considering the question of a reduction of post-
age.
I have one word to say in opposition to this
principle of prepayment or not at the ontion of
the writer. What is the effect of it? The prin-
; cipal effect clearly is to throw all the burden of
the five-cent postage on the debtor portions of the
community, so far as commercial and business
correspondence is concerned. It is a very clear
matter that the five-cent postage would all be paid
by the debtor portions of the community. It will
be paid by the debtor States, and by the debtor
individuals, because a man of business in the city
who writes to his customer, or those engaged in J
business relations with him in the country, neces- 1
sarily does not pay his postage, and even in the
return letter the postage also is not paid by him.
So that it is a true proposition that the principle
of imposing a penalty of two cents on unpaid
letters falls upon the debtor portion of the commu-
nity. Now, I shall never vote for such a princi-
ple as that." It is unsound. It does not reach an-
other object that is intended by the provisions of i
this bill. Does it cut off free letters ? Not at all. J
The only effect will be to increase the revenue de- 1
rived from the debtor portion of the community I
by imposing a penalty upon them. i
rHere the hammer fell.]
The question now being on the amendment of
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Sackett,]
tellers were asked, but not ordered.
The question was then taken, and the amend- !
ment was not agreed to. |
The question then recurred on the amendment
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Potter.]
Tellers were asked and ordered, and Messrs.
Fowler and Harlan were appointed.
The question then being taken, the tellers re- i
ported—ayes 91, noes 70.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The second section of the bill was read as foV
lows:
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted. There shall be charged
 on each newspaper, of no greater size than nineteen hun-
dred square inches, transmitted through the mails from
.the office of publication to any place outof the State where
published, the sum of one cent; and for any such news-
paper delivered within the State where published, the sum
of one half cent; and for each newspaper of larger dimen-
sions than above specified, shall be charged with an addi-
tional rate for each additional nineteen hundred square
inches or fraction thereof. And all pamphlets, periodicals,
magazines, and every other description of printed matter,
(except newspapers,) which shall be unconnected wiUi
any manuscript or written matter, and which it is, or may
be lawful to transmit through the mails of the United
States, shall be chargeable with postage at the rate of two
cents for each copy sent of no greater weight than one
ounce, and one cent in addition for each additional ounce,
or fraction of an ounce. Bound books not weighing over
thirty-two ounces shall be deemed mailable matter under
the foregoing provisions, anything in the fifteenth section of
the act approved March third, eighteen hundred aud forty-
five, to the contrary notwithstanding.
Mr. MEADE proposed the following amend-
ment as an independent section;
Seo.— Jiiid be it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the Postmaster General to establish a post office
properly pass a law, of five lines in length, alter'- ': KiSrdeirn^romtabfohed r°Ute' W"ich " m°re tha"
ing the rate from five cents to two, or even three
cents. I call for tellers on my amendment.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Bowlin and
Corwiv were appointed. The question was then
taken, and there appeared—ayes 50, noes 76. So
the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. SACKETT (who was very imperfectly
heard at the Reporter's desk) offered the following
amendment to the amendment:
On all letters transmitted by mail not weighing over one
lUlf ounce there shall be charged three cents postage for
any distance less than five hundred miles, and for all dis-
tances over five hundred miles five cents, and for every ad-
ditional half ounce or fraction thereof the same amount as
for the first half ounce.
Mr. S. I ask the attention of the committee
for a moment to the consideration of this- amend-
thp nearest post office, upon the pe-
tition of twelve or more persons residing within five miles
of the proposed office.
Mr. M.said: This amendment, sir, is suggested
by the interest which my constituents feel in rela-
tion to a probable discontinuance of mail facilities.
I believe that there are many in other parts of the
Union who are in like condition with the section
of country which I represent. In some places on
the established routes in that section of the country
the post offices are twenty miles apart.
I propose by the amendment which I offer, that
wherever the post offices are twenty miles apart,
that upon the petition of twelve or more inhabit- 1
ants of the neighborhood, asking that there shall
be established within the intermediate distance a -
post office within five miles of one already estab-
lished, it shall be left to the Postmaster General in
his discretion to establish such offices. But where
the distance between two post offices on the same
route is equal to an extent of twenty miles, and
the inhabitants in the intermediate distances are
sufficiently numerous to secure an office, 1 have
put the number of petitioners about twelve as the
number to be sent to the head of the Department,
and if such number is sent, that it shall lie obliga-
tory upon the Postmaster General to establish a
: post office at that place. I am sure nothing more
. is necessary to be said, to induce the committee
J to adopt the amendment which I have offered to
the section.
Mr. POTTER. I hope that the committee are
by this time prepared to vote, with very little or
no discussion upon the remaining sections of this
bill. But, sir, it strikes me that the proposition
of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Meade]
would be a very injudicious one to adopt, for it
makes it obligatory upon the Postmaster General
to establish post offices where 
Mr. MEADE. Not at all, sir. Allow me to
: explain to the gentleman a little more fully my
amendment. It is only on established routes
where the mail now passes that I propose to make
this amendment practicable, and make it compul-
sory upon the Postmaster General to establish
offices where they are twenty miles apart. The
Postmaster General himself, in determining the
mode by which the evidence is to be adduced,
whether of the character of the persons applying
| or the distance of places, can prescribe such rules
' as will be satisfactory to himself.
! Mr. POTTER. It is to be presumed that any
Serson appointed to the head of the Post Office
lepartment will exercise the powers conferred
upon him judiciously and properly. I do not
propose to legislate here to such an extent as here-
after to take away all discretionary power from the
Postmaster General. I am willing to leave some-
, thing to the discretion of that officer—presuming
1 that whoever may be selected to discharge the re-
j sponsible and arduous duties of this Department
i will be a safe and judicious man, and one in whose
j hands the interests of the Department would be
I carefully attended to.
Mr. FEATHERSTON asked if it would be in
order at this time to offer an amendment to the
amendment ?
The CHAIRMAN replied it would be in order.
Mr. FEATHERSTON. Then I offer the fol-
lowing amendment:
Provided, further, That whenever the postmasters on
any route established by law Shall certify, under oath, to the
Postmaster General that an increase of service, or a higher
grade of service, is necessary on such route for the convey-
ance of the mail without delay or detention, it shall be his
duty to increase or raise the grade of service on such route
according to the testimony of the postmasters thereon so
filed with the Department."
Mr. F. continued: Mr. Chairman, since the
House shows a disposition to adopt the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Potter,]
I regard the amendment I have presented as im-
portant for these reasons:
Under the law as it now stands, the Postmaster
General has it in his power to diminish the mail
facilities in the different portions of the country
at least fifty per cent., by diminishing the grade of
mail service.
If this rate of three cents should be adopted as
the uniform rate of letter postage in this country,
the Postmaster General will have it in his power
to diminish the mail facilities in those portions of
the Union—I mean in the Southern and Western
States—at least fifty per cent., on the routes now
established, by diminishing the grade of service,
for the reason that the mail routes there may pay
into the Treasury a sum less than is necessary to
support the mail service in those particular sec-
tions. This, however, will exist with the Post-
master General, and the curtailment may be made,
notwithstanding gentlemen tell us that they have
no disposition to diminish mail service on such
routes.
As the law no% stands, the Postmaster General
has the power of directing, in regard to certain
routes, that the mail shall be carried in four-horse
coaches. The revenue from those routes is now
sufficient to warrant the establishment of such a
mode of conveyance; but if the Post Office Depart-
ment should not be found able to sustain itself
under this three cent rate, the Postmaster General
may think it expedient to exercise hia discretion
