244
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 15,
ters. The charge I propose to make will be a
email one. It is. that on every weekly newspaper
there shall be paid to the postmaster, in advance,
the sum of ten cents; on every semi-weekly news-
paper, the sum of twenty cents; on every tri-
weekly newspaper, the sum of thirty cents; on
every daily newspaper the sum of fifty cents.
The amendment was then read, as follows: '
" Except the postmaster delivering such papers may, un-
der such regulations as shall be prescribed by the Postmas -
ter Grneral, as and for a compensation for the services of
Mich postmaster, charge and receive in advance from each
and every subscriber, yearly, the following sums: On a
paper printed once in each week, ten cents; semi-weekly,
twenty cents; tri weekly, thirty cents; and daily, fifty
cents."
The question was then taken on the amendment
to the amendment, and decided in the negative.
Mr. CASEY. Mr. Chairman, I desire to offer
the following amendment to the amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Potter :]
" " Provided, That all exchanges of newspapers or period-
icals between publishers shall be mailed and delivered free
of postage."
Mr. POTTER. Will the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania allow me for a moment, by way of ex-
planation, a few words? I think the gentleman
has mistaken the effect of the substitute! have of-
fered. I do not propose to change the existing law
in relation to a free exchange of newspapers.
Mr. CASEY. Then I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. TAYLOR. Mr. Chairman, if it is in or-
der, I wish to offer arr amendment.
Mr. T. then moved Jo amend the second section
of the original bill, by inserting after the word
• • thereof," the folio wing:
" Provided, That no postage shall be charged on any
newspaper for its circulation through the post offices in the
county where the same is published, nor within thirty miles
of the place where printed."
Mr. POTTER rose to a point of order. He
said that such an amendment had been offered be-
fore by his colleague [Mr. Cartter] and voted"
on by the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment offered
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Taylor,] was
njp amendment to the second section of the original
bill. The amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Cartter] was an amendment of the
substitute for that section.
Mr. TAYLOR. I ask that the second section
of the bill be reported as I propose to amend it. '
I am exceedingly anxious that my amendment j
should be voted on by the committee. I would I
inquire of the Chair whether my amendment is in
order ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Tay-
i.or] is in order.
Mr. TAYLOR resumed: Mr. Chairman, I
hive but very little to say in addition to what I
scid a few days ago when this subject was under !
consideration. The principal object I have in i
vi.-w in offering this amendment, is to make pa- j
pers free from the payment of any postage within
t'leeouii ties where they may be published, or within
t:iiv;y miles of the office of their publication. Such
a measure, in my opinion, would be a very equal
and just measure, and it would relieve the papers
in the interior of the country from the effects of the
present unequal and improper taxation, now im-
posed upop them by the present system.
As I said upon a former occasion, the papers
published in the large eastern, western, and south-
ern cities of the United States, have it in their pow-
er, by being sent o t of the mails and carried as
freight by the expresses and other means, to over-
ride and destroy entirely the country press of the
districts. Why, sir, I believe half of the great num-
ber of newspapers published in this country, at
least one thousand of them, might be denominated
country newspapers, and they furnish the largest
proportion of the current intelligence, amusement,
and literary information in the interior districts of
the country, and in the counties respectively where
they are published. It is not to be expected that
these papers can compete with the overgrown print-
ing establishments of your large cities where they
employ often forty, fifty, and even a hundred
hands.
It is not out of any hostility to the large presses
of the cities that I have offered the present amend-
ment. I acknowledge that when well conducted,
and if they behave decently, and do not detract
personally from the merits of their opponents, that
they render valuable service to the country, and
may be of great advantage in disseminating valu-
able information among the people. But I wish to
establish and cultivate the country press, for they
are capable of doing much good. There are eight or
| ten papers published in the district which I repre-
j sent, all of whom, without distinction of party, com-
I plain of the taxes imposed upon them by reason
| of the postage being as mucn upon their papers
sent short distances, as upon those published in
the cities which may be sent five hundred miles or
more. I wish to strike off such taxes from the
country press. I wish to encourage them by every
means in my power; and every man in the inte-
rior sections of the country desires to establish and
encourage them. If such a measure as I propose
would impose any additional burden upon the
Post Office Department, I am perfectly willing to
( provide for it out of the general Treasury. And
i why? Because it would tend to diffuse fight and
I information upon "political and all other questions
| among the people. And more than this, if you en-
: lighten the people upon the various questions that
are constantly comingup, they will be better able
j to judge properly and correctly, and adopt such
; measures only as will promote the best interests of
the country.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Chairman, I believe
that the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Taylor] is now open to amendment.
1 therefore move to amend it by striking out the
word " counties" and substituting therefor " Con-
gressional districts."
I am aware, Mr. Chairman, that a Congres-
sional district in my State would extend to the
limits of the State. I would beg leave to say, that
all that has been advanced by the gentleman from
Ohio in support of the amendment which he has
presented to the consideration of the committee,
would apply with equal force to Congressional
districts as to the counties in which the papers
may be published.
Why, Mr. Chairman, are you to allow papers
published within the county to circulate free of
postage within such counties ? As my honorable
friend has so well said, it is with a view not only
to encourage, but to improve, the character and
tone of the country press.-
Well, sir, if it is to have such an effect, is not
the argument equally strong that the same bene-
ficial effects would be produced if papers were
allowed to be circulated free of postage within th^
Congressional districts where they are published r
It is well known that papers are established through
the country—through the rural districts, as hon-
' orable gentlemen delight to denominate them—
with a view 
Mr. CARTTER, (interrupting.) I would in-
quire of the gentleman from Delaware, [Mr. H ous-
ton,] whether the amendment already adopted,
so far as his State is concerned, will not answer
all necessary purposes? It provides for thirty
miles. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOUSTON. I will reply to the gentleman
by saying I am sorry that the honorable gentle-
man from the great State of Ohio should be so
ignorant of the area, of the great State of Dela-
ware, as to suppose it could be all comprised with-
in the space of thirty miles. [Laughter.] But I
was going on to say, that it does occur to me that
we ought to rive the country press the free circu-
lation which I propose in the amendment that I
have submitted. I was about to observe, when
interrupted by the facetious inquiry of the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Cartter,] that it would be
as well to define the limits, by Congressional dis-
tricts as well as by counties, within which local
papers shall be circulated free, as you have a
press devoted to the immediate interests of the dis-
trict, and which circulates as generally among the
people of the district as country papers.
Sir, I know of no papers that are established
with a view to a circulation smaller than that of a
county, except it be in large manufacturing dis-
tricts, and there are but a very few papers in this
country that derive any material support from
counties simply. It is rather, as I have observed,
within the Congressional districts that the local
papers derive their material support. I hope,
therefore, Mr. Chairman, that the amendment
which I have submitted may meet the views of the
comjnittee. With these few remarks I submit
my amendment.
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Chairman, it has been my
purpose to submit, without a great deal of resist-
ance, to what I believed to be the settled determi-
nation of the committee. I believe it to be the
settled determination of this committee to allow
newspapers to circulate free of postage within the
distance of thirty miles from the office of publica-
tion, or within the counties where published. I
have hardly anything to say, by way of opposi-
tion.to this proposition, because I think it will be
carried in this House. I, however, stated the other
day, when discussing this subject, that I was
opposed to this free circulation of papers to any
extent; and I say it is wrong in this Congress to
give to any man the monopoly or exclusive privi-
lege of disseminating political or other information
to a particular set of men in the country.
There is some sense, sir, in making the discrim-
ination which I have made between newspapers
f'ublished within the State and out of the State,
n my State the local laws are published by au-
thority in the papers in each county of the State-
As it is important that the people should under-
stand the laws, the cheapest rate of postage should
be established upon papers published within the
State. I have, therefore, in the bill, fixed the rate
of postage upon newspapers published within the
State at half a cent each; and upon those published
out of the State one cent. The county papers
publish the proceedings of the Legislature, and
various Conventions that are held in the county;
and it is important that this information should be
disseminated among the people. I have made quite
a stretch of principle, in order to bring myself to
support the proposition now under consideration;
because I believe in free trade—the free circulation
of information, news, and public sentiment; be-
cause I believe that where reason is left free to
combat error, there is no danger to be apprehend-
ed from the dissemination of information through
the press.
Allow me to state a fact in connection with this
matter, that the editors throughout the country
are authorized, by existing law, to receive their
exchanges free of postage. I am indebted to the
postmaster of Rahway, New Jersey, for his last
return on papers received. In that return, from
the little town of Rahway, the postage on papers
and pamphlets amounted to $37 58. There was
received free, by the editors of the two weekly
papers there, the amount of 16,312 papers, free of
postage—more than four times the amount sub-
scribed for—and thus the mails are lumbered with
an amount of useless matter, and this large amount
is carried to the publishers free of postage; 16,312
papers are delivered in the little town of Rahway,
free of postage, while letters, pamphlets, and other
newspapers, are charged with the expenses of
their transportation.
But, gentlemen are desirous to extend this priv-
ilege still further, in allowing publishers to send
their papers free of postage within certain dis-
tances. I represent more country papers than any
member on this floor; for there are eighteen pub-
lished in my own district. I feel desirous of pro-
tecting their interests; for they concur with me,
in some respects, in the opinion which I entertain
of this matter. There are a few of these who
wish to have their papers circulated free of postage,
and but very few. My constituents, although they
are in favor of the reduction of the rates 'of letter
postage to three, and even two cents, believe that
everything that goes in the mails should pay
something to support the expense of transporta-
tion, and they are willing to pay for whatever they
send or receive through the mails.
Mr. CONGER. Mr. Chairman, I wish the
gentleman from Ohio would modify his amend-
ment, so as to insert "fifty" miles instead of
"thirty" miles, as the distance for the free circula-
tion of newspapers.
Mr. TAYLOR said he would accept the amend-
ment.
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio, inquired whether that
amendment had not been already adopted, on the
motion of his colleague ? [Mr. Cartter.]
The CHAIRMAN stated that the amendment
of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cartter] was
to the substitute of his colleague, [Mr. Potter.]
Mr. JONES asked if it would now be in order
to offer an amendment to the amendment ?
The CHAIRMAN said it would not be in order,
and stated that the question before the House
is on the amendment of the gentleman from Dela-
