1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
245
w*r*. fMr. hontox-,] which question being
taken, the ameodment to the amendment was re-
^**Mr. MA n ESOS. Mr. Chairman, I wish to
rfer an amendment, to provide compensation for
postmasters for takiag rare of, and distributing
such newspapers as shall be carried through the
nv*i' free of p-wt g*. My proposition is the same
as that offered by me a short time since, except
that 1 now propose to make the compensation of
poatmasters still leas. I now move that three cents
per annum he charged on such weekly newspapers
as dkatt he carried through the mail free of posta#^,
Sre cents on semi-weekly, ten cent^on tri-weekly,
and twenty cents on daiW news|>apers. I repeat,
sir, 1 am entirely satisfied thw will be the very
beat arrangement that can be made for the coun-
try. It will never do to allow these papers to go
through the mail free of postage, without some
compensation for the trouble of delivering snd tak-
ing care of them. I shall go against the amendment
of the gentleman fron^phio, [Mr. Potteb,] unless
aocne provision of this kind is made. I am entire-
ly opposed to it. I think it is for the interest of
the country newspapers themselves, that some
provision similar to the one I have offered should
t>e made.
Mr. Chairman, I will again remark, as I said
the other day, that the law of 1845, providing that
newspapers should go through the mails free of
postage within thirty miles of the place of their
publication, was repealed solely because it pro-
vided no compensation for postmasters. I wish
to provide in this bill something which shall serve
as a compensation. I should have preferred the
sums provided in ray first amendment, but I shall
be satisfied with the compensation provided in
this amendment, if it shall receive the sanction
of the <-ommittee. I repeat, that I consider this
the very Nest proposition which can be offered on
this matter.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, was under-
stood to say that, in many instances, the'eompen-
sation received by postmasters on these free news-
papers, would increase their salaries to more than
the amount allowed them by law.
Mr. MATTE90N. V^ry wefl, sir. If this
should be the case, it will prevent the postmaster
from receiving his commission on the postage paid
on letters, and thus prove a source of revenue to
the General Post Office Department.
The question on the amendment having been
put,  
Mr. MATTES)!? demanded tellers, but they
were not ordered.
The question waa then taken, and the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
to the amendment, was rejected.
Mr. SAC K K IT proposed an amendment, which
the Chair ruled out of order, pending the amend-
ment of Mr. Taylor.
Mr. DUNCAN. I offer the following amend-
ment to the substitute, to come in after the word
" printed:"
  M also simpspus of wo |imn rise tfcaa siae In-
M sad ftfty aqsan ischcs, sent from the oAee of paUi-
estiia to say plate witMa the rated States, on which
a
Mr. Chairman, the amendments which have
been offered as yet, have had reference only to the
political press. The amendment which I offer
contemplates the religious press of the country.
So far, all the amendments which have been of-
fered h^ve l>een,limited to county and State lines.
My amendment is intended to embrace the whole
United States; and if the committee will give me.
their attention for the few minutes allotted to me,
they will see that it contemplates an important
object. The size of the newspaper I fix at nine
hundred and fifty square inches, which is half the
size prescribed in the original section, that being
one thousand nine hundred square inches. And!
propose, that instead of one cent, the postage on
newspapers of that size, sent throughout the
United States, shall be fixed at one half cent pre-
paid. My object in offering this amendment is
twofold: first, to increase the revenue of the Post
Office Department; second, to facilitate the efforts
of the various religious and benevolent societies
of the country.
It is a well-known fact, sir, to the gentlemen of
this comroit'eee, that most of these religious and
benevolent institutions publish papers of a small
size, which are afforded at a very low rate, arid
which circulate through every portion of the Uni-
ted States. I am informed upon credible au-
thority, that the American Tract Society circulate
monthly one hundred and eighty thousand copies
of a paper published under their direction. The
American Sunday School Union also circulate a
very large number of papers of a Mnall site, spe-
cially designed for children and Sabbath schools,
which are sent to every State of this Union, and
through our widely-extended territories. Most of
the religious denominations of our country pub-
lish papers of a similar character, devoted to mis-
sionary and religious intelligence. These several
papers, which are of small size, are designed for
the young and for the poorer classes of community
and are afforded at a very low rate, for they are
published monthly, at a price of ten or twelve cents
per year. So long as they are charged with a post-
age of one cent, they will not be distributed through
the mails.
At present they do not pass through the mails
to a very great extent. They are sent by private
expresses into different portions of the country,
and often those who are expecting them are de-
layed and disappointed in their reception.
It is a well-known fact, that the religious pa-
pers which have the greatest circulation, are pa-
pers of a small size, and ore transmitted mostly by
express. I venture to say that more than half a
million copies of these papers are circulated
monthly through the United States, and scarcely
any of them pass through the mails. I am as-
sured by agents of these societies, that if the post-
age should be reduced to the rate recommended in
my amendment, on condition of prepayment,
that a large portion of these papers would he sent
through the mails.
The reduction proposed will benefit, not the
publishers of the papers, for they furnish them
at the actual cost, but the persons to whom they
are sent, and the Post Office Department, by aug-
menting its receipts. Nor has it any sectional or
sectarian bearing, for all papers, whether secular
or religious, within the limited size, will be entitled
to the same privilege.
Now, sir, important as it is that political in-
formation should be circulated through the coun-
try, it is no less important that religious inform-
ation should be widely diffused. I concur with
i the sentiment of that enlightened French states-
man, Guizot, that the reason why the American
people have been enabled to establish and maintain
a well-regulated system of republican liberty, and
the French people have failed in all their attempts
to do so, is, that in this country there has been a
pervading religious sentiment, of which the French
people have ever been devoid.
Now, sir, the same principles and the same in-
fluences which have established and perpetuated
our free institutions to this day, are as necessary
to continue and perpetuate them. I believe, there-
fore, that the best interests of the country require
that the facilities to which I have alluded shall be
given, in order to produce such desirable results.
[Here the Chairman's hammer fell.]
Mr. STANLY said, if he understood correctly
the argument of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, he wished by the proposed amendment to
benefit what are called " religious papers." Now,
(said Mr. S.,) I know my friend from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Dtocan] does not intend to aid in the
cheap circulation of some papers, called religious
by some persons, but regarded in the South as
abominable and fanatical. There are some papers
edited by persons professing religion, which would
be regarded as ••incendiary" in law in the south-
ern States. I have, (said Mr. S.,) the deepest ven-
eration for religion. It is the only sure basis of
happiness. It "exalteth a nation," and adorns in-
dividual character. But, according to the Con-
stitution, in its spirit, the best thing for Govern-
ment to do is to let it alone. If it is said you
favor no particular sect by this, I reply, that
may, be true; but when you undertake to favor all
you may hereafter omit some. It is against the ge-
nius of our Government to do anything which
looks like favoring a union of Church and State.
Every man should be a member of some christian
church. It would be better for Congress if more
christians were here, and better for the country.
And though I think clergymen are eminently use-
ful in the pulpit, from what I have seen of them,
they do not advance the cause of religion by editing
newspapers and dabbling in politics. Some of these
so-called religious papers are great nuisances.
They exhibit a spirit of intolerance and unchari-
tableness towards those who differ with them,
that would disgrace respectable political papers.
I will do nothing for their benefit. Keep all in-
terference with religious affairs out of Congress—
so say a large portion of my constituents, who
so much abhor tne idea of Church and State, that
they oppose the employment of chaplains for Con-
gress, as well as for the Army and Navy.
A gentleman near me remarks, (said Mr. S.,)
that they would more earnestly oppose it, if they
knew how little members of Congress were bene-
fited by Chaplains. I fear that is true. I cannot
sy, I have ever seen good fruit come from their
efforts here. There are exceptions, but many of
them do more harm than good.
While, therefore, I hold it to be the duty of
every individual to support religion—yes, the "first
of duties—yet, as a member of Congress, I cannot
do anything that looks like encouraging religion
by law, or allowing Government to interfere with
it at all. Let every man, according to his own
conscience, attend to religious matters. I know
nothing of religious papers in New England; but
from some religious papers I have seen from the
North, the less we see of them the better for us.
Indeed, if an exception was at any time to be pro-
posed for the benefit of "religious" papers, we
should doubtless have political papers, rapidly
becoming religious. God deliver us from that.
Several Members: •' The * New York Herald*
for instance."
Mr. DUNCAN. The gentleman seems to have
misunderstood me. My resolution was not sec-
tarian in its character at all.
Mr. STANLY. I spoke merely of the rea-
sons the gentleman had, in part, assigned for his
amendment, one of which was that it would em-
brace religious newspapers. I do not want the
Legislature to favor such papers, and, indeed, I
do not see the necessity for the amendment. We
have had too many amendments offered; let us
pass this bill without delay.
Mr. TAYLOR inquired if it would be in order
to move an amendment to the second section of
the original bill ?
The CHAIRMAN stated that the pending ques-
tion was on the amendment of the gentleman from
; Massachusetts [Mr. Doncak] to the original bill.
lj On this question tellers were demanded and
| ordered, (Messrs. Van Dyke and Thompson act-
i ing as such) and resulted ayes 41; n further count
was not insisted upon, and the amendment of Mr.
Ditncav to the amendment was lost.
Mr. RUMSE Y. I propose to strike out the word
"fifty " from the amendment to the amendment and
insert the word "thirty." I am disposed, Mr.
Chairman, to furnish all reasonable facilities to the
country press, and think that to allow country
papers to pass free for thirty miles, or within the
county where printed, is the proper limit. The
mass of the country papers do not now enter into
the large mails upon the main routes, and thus in-
crease their size, but are generally sent in the
smaller mails branching off from the main routes,
and carried principally on horseback. If you al-
low these papers to be carried free for the distance
of fifty miles, the effect may be to throw many of
them into the mails upon the large routes, and thus
to some extent increase the cost of mail transpor-
tation. My object is to aid in the support and
circulation of the country papers so far as we can
do so without imposing upon the Department any
additional burden, and I think the limit of thirty
miles will best effect that object.
On the question of agreeing to this amendment
tellers were demandpd and ordered (Messrs.
Meacham and Harris acting,) and resulted—ayes
70, noes 46.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question then recurred on agreeing to the
amendment of Mr. Taylor as amended.
Mr. CARTTER wished to inquire of the Chair
if the committee did not, more than an hour ago,
by an overwhelming majority, adopt the very
amendment that was now offered ?
The CHAIRMAN inquired if the gentleman
rose to a point of order?
Mr. CARTTER replied that he did nut. He
merely rose for information.
The CHAIRMAN stated thathe should be very
unwilling to undertake the responsibility of inform-
ii ing the gentleman.
