846
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 15,
The question was then taken, by tellers, on the
pending amendment of Mr. Taylor, (Messrs.
Cartter, and McLean of Kentucky, acting,)
when there were found to be—ayes 73, noes 33.
No quorum having voted, there were loud cries
of "Call the roil!"
The CHAIRMAN stated that if there was no
' objection there would be another division taken, as
there was evidently a quorum present.
There being no objection, the question on the
amendment was again taken by tellers, and de-
cided in the affirmative—ayes 87, noes 34.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SACKETT inquired if an amendment to
the sesond section was now in order ?
Cries of " duestion ! question!"
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order.
Mr. SACKETT. Then, sir, I offer the follow-
ing amendment:
" On all letters transmitted by mail not weighing over one
half ounce, there shall be charged three cents postage for
any distance less than five hundred miles, and for all dis-
tances over five hundred miles, five cents; and for every
additional half ounce or fraction thereof, the same amount
as for the first half ounce."
Mr. S. continued: I ask the attention of the
committee for a few moments to the consideration
of the matter involved in this amendment. I un-
derstand an amendment to the section of the sub-
stitute for the original bill, has been adopted, by
which it is provided that newspapers shall pass
through the mails free within a distance of thirty
miles from the place of publication. I hope the
committee will look at the consequence of adopt-
ing a measure like this. Why, there are circula-
ting in the country upwards of one million news-
papers; and at the present time three fourths of
the weight and bulk of the mails consists of news-
papers.
Mr. HUNTER. I rise, Mr. Chairman, to a
question of order. By a vote, the committee has
just adopted an amendment by which it is pro-
vided that there should be no postage on newspa-
pers circulated within thirty miles of the place of
publication, and yet the gentleman from New
York is submitting an amendment proposing to
charge postage on newspapers within that dis-
tance.
The CHAIRMAN ruled that the amendment
proposed by the gentleman from New York was
not in order, as it proposed to strike out what the
committee had just adopted.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire, sir, to offer the
following proviso, to come in after the word
" ounce," at the eighteenth line of the second sec-
tion of the bill: j
Provided, That fifty per cent, shall be deducted from the 1
postage on magazines, when that postage shall be prepaid. I
Mr. C. continued. I merely wish to say, that |
there Eire three magazines published in the city of
Philadelphia, the aggregate of whose monthly cir- !
culation is over 120,000, very few of which num-
ber are now sent through the post office. If the
postage werereduced asne proposed, a very large
number would, doubtless, be circulated in the '
mails.
The question being on agreeing to the amend-
ment, tellers were asked and ordered, and Messrs.
Chandler and Green- were appointed.
The question was taken and resulted—ayes 75,
noes 50.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN irfoved that the committee now
rise; but on a division the committee refused to
rise.
Mr. POTTER inquired whether the amendment
he had proposed, as amended by his colleague,
had been rejected or adopted?
The CHAIRMAN. It has not. The Chair
will state to the gentleman from Ohio that the ac-
tion of the committee on the substitute offered by
himself after the adoption of his colleague's amend-
ment, was suspended by a motion to amend the
original section of the bill.
Mr, FITCH offered the following amendment,
to come in after the proviso just adopted:
Provided, That the manuscript from which they are
printed may accompany proof-sheets, subject only to post-
age as printed matter.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. FITCH begged leave to offer the following
amendment, to come in after the proviso just
adopted to the second section of the bill:
Provided, That the manuscript from which they are
printed may accompany proof-sheets of publications by the
j Smithsonian Institution, subjcct only to postage as printed
i matter.
i Mr. F. said, that the amendment he had offered
1 just now was of a general character, and the ob-
I; ject of it was to enable manuscript accompanying
proof-sheets to pass through the mail on the same
terms as printed matter; but as that had been voted
i down, he now offered an amendment for the spe-
, cial benefit of the Smithsonian Institution. That
Institution had been subjected to an enormous tax
on the manuscript accompanying the proof-sheets
of their publications—a tax which he was sure it
could not be the desire of the House that they
should pay.
Mr. POTTER thought the Smithsonian Insti-
tution had sufficient funds to pay its own postage.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was not agreed to.
Mr. McKISSOCK. Will the Clerk read the
amendment which I offered yesterday ? I wish to
offer it as a proviso to the second section of the
bill.
It was read, as follows:
Provided, however, That printed circulars and handbills
shall be charged letter postage.
Mr. McKISSOCK. There is no necessity, and
I have no intention, to repeat what I said yester-
day. My object, in brief, is to prevent circulars
and business communications, &c., that answer
essentially the purpose of manuscript, being sent
through the post office as printed matter. I am
desirous of preventing the Post Office Department ,
from being defrauded in that way. :
Mr. POTTER. My friend from New York :
[Mr. McKissock] must be aware that this amend-
ment is of no sort of use. All sealed packages '
sent through the mail, whether containing printed
matter or not, are charged letter postage. !
Mr. McKISSOCK. I am perfectly satisfied J
that the abuse I have referred to has been prac- :
ticed, and I think it desirable that it should, if pos- j
sible, be prevented.
The question was taken on Mr. McKissock's
amendment, and it was not agreed to. !
On motion by Mr. EWING, the committee then !
rose; and the Speaker having resumed the chair, !
the chairman of the committee reported that the
committee had had under consideration the bill to
reduce and modify the rates of postage, but had
j come to no resolution thereon.
i On motion by Mr. RICHARDSON,
| The House then adjourned. j
I . PETITIONS, &c.
! The following petitions and memorials were presented j
1 under the rule, and referred to appropriate committees: j
By Mr. TAYLOR: The petition of Jacob Sailor, of
Adams county, Ohio, and 114 others, praying Congress to |
grant him a*pension. j
By Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee: The memorial of 300
citizens of Washington county, Tennessee, praying Com i
gress to appropriate and set apart a portion of the public ;
domain to aid in the construction of the East Tennessee and
Virginia railroad, from the Virginia line to Knoxville, Ten- 1
nessee. j
By Mr. UNDERBILL: The petition of Thomas Men-
denhall and othw voters and citizens of Columbia county, '
Pennsylvania, in favor of the substitution of arbitration or
! congress of nations in the settlement of differences between
nations for an appeal to arms.
By Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi: The memorial of the
heirs of Colonel James May son, praying compensation for
the services of said Mayson during the revolutionary war.
By Mr. DUER: The petition of certain commercial men
and others for a light-house at Bailey's Harbor, on the west
shore of Lake Michigan. j
By Mr. GREEN : The petition of Bennett C. Brown, as-
sistant marshal of Missouri, praying additional compensa-
tion for taking the census.
By Mr. BURROWS : The petition of William Emerson
and 110 others, citizens of Orleans county, New York,
praying for protection to inventors holding rights under the ,
patent laws of the United States from the introduction of
articles manufactured by machines of American invention
in British provinces.
[ IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 15, 1851.
Mr. DICKINSON presented three memorials
from citizens of New York, asking a modification
of the patent laws; which were laid on the table.
Also, a memorial from publishers of periodicals
in the city of New York, asking that periodicals
may not be overlooked in any law which may be
passed by Congress, and asking a reduction of the
rates of postage on such publications; which was
laid on the table.
Also, a petition from Jeremiah H. Winney,
asking to be allowed an increase of pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
i Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, I have several pe-
titions which I desire to present. Two of them
are of the same tenor and effect, signed by a large
number of citizens of the State of Indiana. The
petitioners say that, being anxious to remove from
our land the greatest cause of discord, and to se-
cure the future welfare, harmony, and permanency
of the Union—having in view an object upon which
they believe the great body of all parties and of
every section of the country can unite—they re-
spectfully pray that Congress will pass a bill pro-
viding means to remove from our country all that
portion of the African race who are both willing
and ready to emigrate to Africa; that suitable pr<£
vision be mad? for their real wants for one year
after their arrival in Africa; and, as a greater in-
ducement for them to emigrate, that a bounty of
land be given them on their arrival, upon which
they may, with industry and economy, support
themselves; and make such other provision as may
be most desirable.
I have another petition which has some analogy
to that, and which I take particular pleasure in
presenting, both on account of the distinguished
and respectable source whence it emanates, and on
account of the prayer of the petition. It is a peti-
tion from Rhode Island, and is signed by a large
portion of the elite of that State; by the Governor
and Lieutenant Governor, by every member of its
Senate, by most of the members of the House, by
a great number of ex-governors, ex-senators, ex-
members of the House of Representatives, and by
many of the literati of that State, heads of colleges,
and by a vast number of citizens in private life.
This petition earnestly invites the attention of
Congi-ess to measures for the more effectual sup-
pression of the African slave trade. In their peti-
tion, in vivid and frightful colors, but I think not
exaggerated colors, they depict the horrors of that
trade. They state that the measures which have
been adopted by the three great Powers, the Uni-
ted States, Great Britain, and France, to suppress
that trade by means of keeping stationary squad-
rons upon the coast of Africa, have totally foiled.
They say, and I am happy to be able to confirm
that statement from the records of the American
Colonization Society, that the only effectual remedy
for the suppression of the slave trade has been
found to be the establishment of colonies upon the
western coast of Africa; that there are colonies
now occupying about one third of the western
coast of Africa; and that wherever they have been
planted there is an entire and absolute suppression
of the African slave trade, so far as that coast is
concerned. They therefore pray that a line of
steamers may be established, or a line of sailing
packets, for the purpose of augmenting the inhabi-
tants of the colonies, in view of the object which
they desire to see accomplished, the successful sup-
pression of the African slave trade.
Mr. President, will the Senate pardon me if I
add a few observations on the general subject? A
document was laid before the Senate a few days
ago, containing correspondence between our pub-
lic functionaries at Rio Janeiro and the Depart-
ment of State. It well deserves the careful perusal
of every member of this body. I have given it
such perusal. It appears from that document that,
notwithstanding all that has been done by the three
great Powers to which I have before referred, the
slave trade is perhaps carried on to as great ex-
tent in the empire of Brazil as it ever has been;
that during the years 1846-'47-'48 and '49, within
the single province of Rio Janeiro, 173,000 slaves
were imported. I have no data before me from
which to state the number imported into the other
provinces of the Brazilian Empire, or into the
island of Cuba, but I believe the number will be
as extensive as those imported into the province of
Rio Janeiro.
But these petitioners disclose other facts, which
no American can read without profound regret.
They say that this trade in slaves which is carried
on from ports of Brazil to the coast of Africa, is
chiefly carried on by American vessels, and that
in the course of four or five years past ninety-three
American vessels have cleared from the ports of
Brazil to the coast of Africa; and that most of them
returned (although some were captured) laden with
cargoes of slaves. The mode in which they ac-
complish the object is worthy of some notice.
The American vessel is bought in some of the Bra-
zilian ports, but she is to be delivered in an African
port. She sails under American colors, and is
