1851.
TfttJ CONGRESSIONAL GLO&E.
247
laden with provisions and other appliances adapted !!
to the prosecution of the African trade, and passes
over the ocean without molestation, because we
have, very properly, perhaps, refused to the Brit-
ish the right of search, and have not allowed it to
be exercised by any foreign Power whatever. The
vessel sails under the American flag, though it is
laden with articles beyond all question adapted,
and only adapted, to the slave trade. She arrives
safely in on>> of the African ports. In a few days
after her arrival, the captain goes on shore, meets
with the agent who is to receive the vessel, and
returns and proclaims to the crew that the vessel
has been sold—that her crew is to be changed—
that her American flaj; is to be pulled down and
another one hoisted, in order to carry a cargo ;
of slaves back to Brazil; and these poor "American
seamen are often left to perish on the inhospitable
coast of Africa, for want of the means to return
to their own country, and are often compelled to
engage in the navigation of the slave vessel, as i
being the only means by which they can get back
to their own country.*
Sir, it has been suggested that certain regula-
tions of commerce should be made, which, with
other reasons, will induce me, before I take my
seat, to move the reference of this petition to the
Committee on Commerce. The petitioners pro-
pose that the grant of sea letters be withheld from
vessels clearing from Brazil to the African coast.
They declare that there is no trade whatever other
than that connected with the slave trade, and that
there is therefore no other motive for an American
vessel clearing out of a Brazilian port for the coast
of Africa. They consequently recommend that
there should be a refusal henceforward to grant '
any sea letter or other document enabling tlu ship I
to sail under the American flag from these ports to
the coast of Africa. They also recommend other -
regulations, which I will not detain the Senate by
stating, for the purpose of exempting our naviga-
tion from any participation in that odious traffic.
Mr. President, I believe it is the judgment of
the British public, as I think it is of the American
public, that the keeping of squadrons upon the
coast of Africa with a view to the suppression of
1 the slave trade is a failure, or, at all events, that
it is attended with an enormous amount of ex-
pense, and with a vast and inhuman sacrifice of
health and life, which is not justified, not compen-
sated by any value which these squadrons render
for the object in view—the suppression of the
African slave trade. So strong was the conviction
of the British mind in relation to this subject, that
I understand it was with the utmost difficulty that i
Lord Palmerston prevailed on Parliament to con-
tinue the keeping up of these squadrons a year or
two longer. I
We not only keep up, by the eighth article of
the treaty of Washington, a squadron amounting
to at least eighty guns on the coast of Africa, but
we also keep up, m reference to the same object, a
large and extensive squadron upon the coast of
Brazil. I have not resorted to the proper sources
of information, but I am sure that I am safe in
saying that we expend upon the two coasts of
Brazil and Africa not less than, perhaps, half a
million of dollars, independent of that sacrifice of
human life which has taken place in consequence
of the employment of our forces there. I will not I
say, as is said in this petition, that it has been a
total failure, for I believe there have been occa- j,
sional captures; but then there has been a greater
degree of stimulus given to the trade. I doubt -
very much whether there would not be less loss of
African life, if there were no attempt whatever to
suppress the slave trade by means of these squad-
rons than there is in consequence of keeping them; [
the result of which is merely to multiply adven-
turers to send out more ships, to run more chances, i
to take more risks, in order to secure the object of
transporting the slaves to the Brazils or to Cuba
from the coast of Africa. Sir, I believe there is
no effectual remedy for the suppression of the
slave trade but the occupation m Africa of the
coast itself, and stopping it at the threshold when
it begins. By the eighth article of the treaty of
Washington, to which I have referred, we were
only bound to continue that squadron for a period <
of five years. The five years have long since ex-
pired—in 1847; and yet we continue this squadron I
down to this time. Now, without reference to
any of the subjects which I have thought proper i
to present to the Senate, without regard to the sup- |
pression of the slave trade, without reference to
the great interests of colonization, I think, as a
mere measure of financial economy, it is worth
considering whether we shall expose the lives of
our gallant seamen in such an inhospitableclimate,
at such a vast expense, and reaping so little benefit
from the operation.
Mr. President, I own that the subject of coloni-
zation, important as I think it is for the suppres-
sion of the African slave trade, commends itself to
my mind by some additional considerations. Al-
though 1 may be thought extravagant in my view,
I declare that of all the projects of the age there is
none to compare with that great project of trans-
gorting the free people of color in the United
tates with their own consent to the coast of Af-
rica. What is to be done v, itli them ? What has
been done with them ? I .isk again. Even here,
under our noses, within this District, in the course
of the last ten years they have doubled in number.
States are passing the most rigorous laws to ex-
clude them from their territory. Some States,
indeed, are introducing into the fundamental law,
the constitution, a provision against the reception
of any free people of color within their borders.
What is to become of them, I ask again, in the
name of humanity and of justice? I see no other
remedy than that of sending them back to the land
whence their ancestors were taken, and I can con-
ceive of no portion of the population of the United
States which will not be benefited by such trans-
fer of the free people of color from the United
States to Africa. The whites at the North would
be benefited, the whites at the South would be
benefited, the slaves would be benefited—the poor
creatures themselves would be benefited; for, in-
stead of remaining in a country where thev never
can be elevated to high social and political condi-
tion with the whites, where they must forever re-
main a degraded, corrupt, and dissolute class, if
carried to the country of their ancestors they may
rise into an importance which they can never at-
tain here. Every conceivable interest will be pro-
moted; commerce will be promoted; civilization
will be promoted; religion will be promoted, by
the transfer of the free people of color with their
own consent from the United States to Africa.
And what interest, what portion of the population
of this country will be injured by such a trans-
portation of these persons? None; none what-
ever.
I will not detain the Senate longer upon this
subject. I should be extremely glad if Senators
would turn their attention to the executive docu-
ment to which I have referred, and would give
some considerations to the suggestions which I
have made.
Ah! Mr. President, if we would only renounce
those unhappy subjects of agitation which have
distracted our country too long, and so greatly—
if the people of the North would only allow the
people of the South to manage their own domestic
affairs in tReir own way—if they would only re-
flect that if slavery is fraught with evils, the evils
are not felt by those at the North, but are confined
to where the slaves are—if we would only cease
to agitate each other, and agitate our country, and
endanger our Union itself, by continuing these
unhappy subjects of controversy and strife, and
all come together upon this great common object,
in which the free States are as much interested as
the slave States—and unite all our energies in di-
recting the free people of color from the shores of
America to that place where they can enjoy real
freedom, and purSue their own happiness, what a
glorious result wwld it be for our country!
Sir, I beg pardm for having kept the attention
of the Senate so long. I move that the petitions,
without reading, be referred to the Committee on
i Commerce.
They were so referred.
The petition on the subject of the slave trade,
which was signed by the Governor, Lieutenant
Governor, members of the State Senate, fifty-four
of sixty-eight that constitute the State Legislature,
i the Chief Justice and three Associate Judges of
the supreme court of Rhode Island; P. Wayland,
: President of Brown University; the United States
; District Judge, ex-District Judges, ex-Members of
Congress, ex-United States Senators, ex-Govern-
ors, &c., was as follows:
" The subscribers, citizens of the State of Rhode Island,
would respectfully but earnestly entreat you to take into
early consideration the subject of the African slave trade,
I and adopt, as speedily as practicable, some effectual meas-
ures tor" its suppression. Of all tile atrocities that men
i have ever inflicted upon their fellow-creatures, we believe
that none—either past or present—will compare in enormu
ty with those which the poor victims of this horrid traffic
are at this present moment subjected to. Whilst sensible
that there are many subjects that require your attention, we
yet feel assured that if nil the evils which properly belong
to your cognizance could be brought palpably beiore you,
in panoramic array, that the dreadful enormities growing
out of the African slave trade, as exhibited in the startling
vision, would immeasurably exceed those of all other evils
combined. Could their appalling horrors, as have been
brought to light by the investigations of the British Parlia-
ment, be presented to you at one view, from the first seiz-
ure of the poor wretches in the interior of Africa by banded
' ruffians, amidst the midnight conflagration of their villages,
the butchery of the old and infirm, the shrieks of bereaved
parents, and the subsequent piteous moans of their dying
infants, left to perish with hunger among the smoking ruins;
could your eyes behold the broken-hearted captives, heavy
laden with chains and ivory, as they went! their sorrowing
way to the coast, guided by the bleaching bones of human
beings like themselves who have perished on the route;
thousands more of whom die from hunger and neglect at the
slave factories ere they embark; could you be made sensible
ofthe indescribable—yea inconceivable—horrors of the mid-
dle passage, after being forced into those dens of misery, in
comparison with which the dungeons of romance become
palaces of pleasure—the hold of a modern slaver, wheie,
chained together and packed as closely as they can be made
to be on their sides, tormented with sea-sickness, suffoca-
ting with heat and want of air, frantic with thirst, and raving
through despair, they are compelled to lie amidst filth and
excrement and the putrid corpses of the dead lor weeks to-
gether, and sometimes, during a storm, for days without food
or water, the hatches being kept tightly closed over the
dreadful charnel-house, where, under these circumstances,
| hundreds sometimes suffocate amidst their vain cries,
"We are dying! we are dying!" Again: could you wit-
ness the landing of the poor creatures, and behold—as has
been proved before Parliament by ample testimony—the
massacre on the beach of hundreds whose constitutions had
been utterly destroyed by their sufferings, thus rendering
them unmerchantable ; could you behold all this as the Om-
nipotent Judge of all beholds it, and thus be made to realize
that it is not a picture of the imagination, but that these
dreadftil scenes are at this very moment being enacted—
that villages are now nightly burning in Africa—caravans
of human beings are marching under a burning sun to the
coast—that slave-ships, over which waves the flag of our
common country, are waiting to receive them—and that an
hournever passes but that more than twenty human beings
are consigned to a violent or a suffering death iu support of
this cruel commerce; we again repeat, could you thus be-
hold these facts as they really are, we believe that all other
evils would sink into utter insignificance in your estima-
tion when compared with this, and that you would " give
not sleep to your eyes nor slumber to your eyelids" until
you had exhausted every remedial measure you could law-
fully bring to bear on the suppression of the African slave
trade.
" We would respectfully remind you that all attempts to
suppress this diabolical traffic through force of arms has
ever signally failed, and that the blockade of the slave coast
bv the fleets of Great Britain, the United States, and France
combined, at an expense of more than $100,000,000, and
the sacrifice of many lives, has resulted in a great aggrava-
tion of the evil instead of promoting its suppression.
u WTe would also respectfully state that we believe that
the only effectual barriers that have ever been placed be-
tween the slave-dealer and his victims in Africa have been
the colonies that have been planted on her coasts, and that
these have, in every instance, been found competent to its
suppression or control. ^
" We would again respectfully refer you to a fact, which
.has now become unquestionably established as such by the
results of experience, that that part of the western coast of
Africa which ever has been and is now frequented by sla-
vers, cannot be colonized by whites, the climate being
deadly to their constitution, though friendly to that of the
colored man.
" And, lastly, we would remind you that about one third
part of this coast has been successfully colonized by col-
ored people from the United States, under the auspices
of the American Colonization Society, through the outlay,
as your memorialists believe, of less than one million of
dollars, and that the colonists thus planted have effectually
suppressed the slave trade as for as their jurisdiction extends,
which we believe to be in extent, as before stated, about one
third of the whole slave coast of Western Africa.
" Believing, as we do, that the African slave trade is nqt
to be suppressed by any armed intervention, and that ex-
perience has proved that colonization of the slave coast of
Africa presents the only feasible scheme for the suppression
of the traffic, we most earnestly beseech you to take into
immediete consideration the propriety of establishing a line
of Government steamers or sailing packets, for the purpose
of conveying, free of expense, such free colored persons as
may wish to avail themselves of such means to emigrate to
Liberia, or to any part of the western coast of Africa that
may be peacefully colonized by them; or that an annual
appropriation be made by Government in money in aid of
the cause of American colonization, to the same amount
that is now expended in supporting the squadron of anilcd
cruisers, and the outlay of which has, up to the present day,
tended greatly to aggravate, rather than to suppress, the
most crying evil that has ever existed on earth."
Mr. HALE. I hold in my hand a petition,
numerously signed. I have run my eye over the
list of signers, and I find that there are about three
! hundred of them. They purport to be inhabitants
of Montgomery county, in the State of Pensyl-
vania. I do not know that there are any ex-gov-
ernors, ex-members of Congress, or present literati
i among the signers. I am told, however, by an
