252
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 16,
tion upon the public lands, under a compact with
the Government that they were to receive five per
centum on their sales, for their benefit, either for
the purpose of making roads or canals within the
State or to the State. Five per centum upon the
sales of the public land is the consideration which
the States were to receive for giving up the.right
of taxing; a right which, if they had retained and
exercised it, would have been more than ten times
over the five per centum. But here is that five per
centum at once struck off $120,000,000 worth of
land for sixteen years, and for it the States are
not to get one cent during all that time. Is it to be
supposed that they will lie still under such a loss—
such an evasion of the compact?—that they will
not apply here to the General Government to pay
that five per centum: They will certainly apply—
will demand the money. And will not their de-
mand, ao just, be complied with? Now, put all
these together; $6,000,000 to the States in lieu of
five per centum; $1,200,000 to registers and re-
ceivers, for their one per centum; and $11,200,000
for the expenses of administering the land system,
and you nave got $18,400,000, which you are to
pay on account of this land system during these
sixteen years that you are keeping up the system
for the sole benefit of speculators, who are taking
one hundred and twenty miliums of dollars from
you, and the United States not receiving one shil-
ling during the whole time.
Sir, this state of things is actually upon us. It
is no longer speculation; it is no longer in contem-
plation; but it is positively upon us, and operating
while I am talking. This state of things is intol-
erable. It must rouse the country. It must attract
the serious attention of Congress. Something must
be done. It would be bad enough—it would be
deplorable at any, time, when Congress, by two
strokes of the pen—by two acts—should pass over
to speculators—for the old soldier will have no ben-
efit of it, every one's experience tells him that—
when Congress, by two strokes of the pen, passes
over to speculators as much territory as will make
four such States as Ohio, lacking only five millions
of acres; and pays $18,400,000 to enable them to
enjoy the gift at our expense. It would be bad
enough at any time—too bad at anytime. But
what is it at a time when we have just come out of
a war with a debt of $134,000,000, principal and
interest? And, curiously enough, the last item
of the debt becomes due exactly at the end of these
sixteen years. So that during these sixteen years,
while we should be husbanding our resources to
pay off the annual interest and part <^f the princi-
pal of this debt every year, we have amputated a
whole branch of our revenue—actually cut off and
thrown away the second branch of our revenue,
and pay $18,400,000 to administer it for the ben-
efit of speculators, thereby throwing upon the cus-
toms alone the whole current expenses of the Gov-
ernment, now about $50,000,000 a year—the whole
of this war debt, principal and interest—and the
whole expense of administering the system of pub-
lic lands for sixteen years to come! All this is to
be thrown upon the customs; and up goes the taaff
higher than ever.
Sir, we are in a deplorable condition. We want
rousing up. And I am glad that the Senator from
Wisconsin has brought forward a bill which brings
the subject before the Senate and the people, and
gives me an opportunity of bringing up, sooner
than I could have in its own regular course, a
proposition which I offered to the Senate in the
shape of a bill two weeks ago, and which is in-
tended to combine rapid acquisition of revenue
with the great subject of extinguishing the Federal
title to the lands, and pass them rapidly into the
hands of cultivators. I now offer as an amend-
ment to this bill the one which I lately brought in
upon leave, entitled "A bill to accelerate the sales
' of the public lands and pay the public debt—to
' extinguish the Federal title to lands within the
' new States—to grant donations and preemption
' rights to actual settlers—and to cede the unsold
' and unsaleable lands to the States in which they
'lie."
The amendment was read and ordered to be
printed.
The further consideration of the subject was
then postponed to Wednesday next, and made the
special order for that day.
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
On motion by Mr. SMITH, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of the bill to provide for the
ascertainment and satisfaction of claims of Ameri-
can citizens for spoliations committed by the
French prior to the 31st day of July, 1801.
Mr. SMITH obtained the floor, and the further
consideration of the bill was then postponed to
to-morrow.
On motion by Mr. MASON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business,
and after some time spent therein the doors were
reopened—
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 16, 1851.
The House metattwelve o'clock, m. The Jour-
nal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. GILBERT asked the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a bill, of which previous
notice had been given, to create aboard of commis- I
sioners to examine the claims against the United
States arising out of the conquest of California. j
Objection was made by Mr. Cartter, and the
bill was not introduced.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, by
unanimous consent,
Ordered, That leave be granted for the withdrawal from 1
the files of the House of the petition and papers of Sarah
A. Wirt, the widow of John W. Wirt, for the purpose of
| reference to the Pension Office.
| On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky,
j by unanimous consent,
] Ordered, That leave be granted for the withdrawal from
i the files of the House of the petition and papers of Philip
i Ligbtfoot, of Kentucky, for the purpose of reference to the
Pension Office.
On motion by Mr. MORTON, by unanimous
consent,
Ordered, That leave be granted for the withdrawal from
the files of the House of the petition and papers of Messrs.
Koons and Dean.
On motion by Mr, COBB, of Alabama, by
unanimous consent,
Ordered, That leave be granted for the withdrawal from
the files of the House of the petition of citizens of Jefferson
county, Alabama, in relation to a post route in said State,
for the purpose of reference to the Post Office Department.
On motion by Mr. CASEY, by unanimous con-
sent,
Ordered, That leave be granted for the withdrawal from
the files of the House of the petition and papers of Captain
Alexander McEwen, for the purpose of reference to the
Pension Office.
Mr. CHANDLER asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to submit a motion to discharge
the Committee of the Whole from the further con-
sideration of bill 369, for the purpose of bringing
it before the House for consideration. It was a
bill for the relief of William Grenard, a sailor who
had his arm shot off in the service of his country.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, said that there
were many cases of like character on the private
calendar, and of the same merit. He was com-
pelled, therefore, to object to giving this precedence
over others of equal merit.
BOUNTY LAND BILL.
Mr. ROBINSON said that he believed this was
the day to which the consideration of the bounty
land bill had been postponed. He wished to know
! if it came up as a matter of course, or whether it
! was in order to make a motion to take it up ?
The SPEAKER replied, that the bill to which
the gentleman referred was the regular business in
: order, and that, if the regular business was called
for, having been postponed to this day, it would
then come up.
j Mr. ROBINSON called for the regular order of
business. *
Mr. POTTER moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, on
j the special order. i
I PRIORITY OF BUSINESS.
Mr. JONES wished to make an inquiry before
! that question was put. He desired to know what
| would be the condition of the bill to which the
gentleman from Indiana had referred, if it was not
< taken up to-day?
The SPEAKER said, that if it was not taken
up to-day it would go upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. JONES was about to address the Chair,
when—
] Mr. BURT (interposing) said, I call the gentle-
J man from Tennessee to order.
Mr. JONES. What is your point of order?
Mr. BURT. I will state it to the Chair. It is
for the Chair to decide upon it, not the gentleman
from Tennessee. I hold that it is not in order to
raise any' debate about the priority of business,
either by an individual member himself, or by a
member acting through the Speaker of this House.
My point of order is, that the inquiry submitted
by the gentleman from Tennessee was not admis-
sible—tne gentleman from Ohio being on the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
fentleman from South Carolina, that it is not in or-
er for gentlemen to cail upon the Chair to state
what is the business in order, and what will be the
condition of a bill if the House gives such and
such a direction to it, though it is indulged in by
the courtesy of the House, in order that members
may vote understanding^ on motions that are
made, and in that way tne custom has grown up
of making these inquiries of the Chair, and they
are generally indulged in by the House.
Mr. BURT. I beg leave to say to the Chair,
and to the gentleman from Tennessee, that it is not
in this instance only 
Mr. JONES called the gentleman to order.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Potter, and agreed to.
CHEAP POSTAGE BILL.
So the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Burt
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
special order—being the bill to reduce and modify
tne rates of postage.
The CHAIRMAN stated, that when the com-
mittee rose yesterday the pending question was
upon the substitute for the second section offered
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Potter,] the
chairman of the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, as amended; and on that question tell-
ers had been demanded when the committee rose.
The amendment was reported, as follows:
"Sec. 2. And he it further enacted, There shall be
charged upon each newspaper, pamphlet, periodical, mag-
azine, book, and every other description of printed matter,
which shallbe unconnected with any manuscript or written
matter, and which it may be lawful to transmit through the
mail, of no greater weight than two ounces, one cent; and
for each additional ounce, or fraction of an ounce, one
cent. Bound books, not weighing over thirty ounces, shall
be deemed mailable matter under the provisions of this sec-
tion : Provided, That newspapers delivered in the State
where printed, shall be chargeable with only one half the
foregoing rates : Provided, further, That no postage shall be
charged upon any newspaper mailed and delivered within
the county where published, or within thirty miles of the
place where published."
Mr. CONGER stated that he desired to offer an
amendment to the second section of the bill.
The CHAIRMAN held that it was not in order.
It was too late to offer an amendment to that sec-
tion of the bill.
Mr. CONGER. I would simply ask why?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will inform the
gentleman that it was in order to amend the ori-
ginal section of the bill before the substitute was
acted upon, and several amendments to it were
offered and acted on. The Chair had asked dis-
tinctly if there were any further amendments to
the second section of tne original bill, but none
being offered, the question was upon the substi-
tute which had been presented by the. gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Potter.] The Chair would re-
gard it as a reconsideration to go back to the ori-
ginal section of the bill, and therefore rules the
amendment out of order.
Mr. CONGER. I think that the Chair is cer-
tainly right, but I understood the practice of the
committee to be otherwise. It will answer my
purpose equally well, however, to offer this as an
amendment to the substitute of the gentleman from
Ohio.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Provided, further, That the free circulation of newspa-
pers within the county of their publication, or the distanca
of thirty miles of the place of publication, as hereinbefore
provjded, shall be confined to actual subscribers receiving
their papers from the office of publication.
Mr. CONGER said: It will be perceived by the
committee, that the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio to the original section of the bill, as
well as the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio to the substitute of the chairman of the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
does not discriminate between transcient papers,
and papers sent from the office of publication to
actual subscribers. I desire by this provision to
limit the free circulation of newspapers to those
