258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 16,
Mr. POTTER. The rate chained upon let-
ters to Oregon and California is forty cents. I
propose to reduce to less than one fourth that
amount. As (o the amount of postage derived
from the rate of forty cents, I am not able to say.
I am not able to s«y how mudi the correspond- '!
enee would be increased in consequence of a re- '
duction. •
Mr. McLANE. The bill proposed by the !
Committee on the Post Office ana Post Roads, and !
reported by the chairman of that committee him-
self, provides a uniform rate of three cents through- |
out the United States; and in order to meet any j
probable deficit in the revenues of the Department :!
in consequence of this reduction, the bill makes
an appropriation, in the 5th section, of $1,500,000.
As one of the friends of the bill, I am not disposed !
to shrink from the consequences of the proposed |
reductions, and, for one, I am perfectly willing to j
vote for the appropriation. That appropriation ,
may at the first establishment of the reduced rates
be needed; and probably will be expended to meet \
the deficits. Probably, excepting on some of the
routes on the Atlantic coast, and perhaps even on
those routes to some extent, their expenses may
exceed their incomes.
When a Ml has been proposed, containing the
principle of discrimination between the paying and
non-paying mail routes, it does seem to me incon-
sistent that the chairman of the committee report-
ing that bill should now propose an insignificant
discrimination shall be made in the case of Oregon
and California. For, in consideration of the ag-
gregate amount of correspondence carried in the i
mails to Oregon and California, the difference be- j
tween a three cent and twelve cent rate, is really '
an insignificant discrimination. On the amount of
matter carried to Oregon and California the differ-
ence between the receipts on a three and twelve
cent rate, in a financial point of view, is a matter
unworthy of consideration. I can see no object that
can be subserved by such an addition to the bill.
Mr. ASHMUN. If the mails were carried by
land, three cents would be charged; but they are
at present, as the gentleman knows, conveyed
by sea.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland. I make no point
whether the mails are carried to California and
Oregon by land or sea. My objection to the pro-
posal is, that it is inconsistent with all the provis-
ions of the bill, and inconsistent with what the
gentleman who proposes it, has all along advo-
cated. No other description of discrimination has 1
been proposed, and it seems to me inconsistent
that tne gentleman should propose such a provis-
ion in the bill".
Mr. POTTER (who was inaudible at the Re-
porter's desk) was understood to say that the pro-
posal was made in view of the fact that twenty-
two cents had to be paid to a foreign Government,
for the conveyance of every pound of mail matter
across the Isthmus.
Mr. McLANE. I object to this discrimination,
because it is insignificant in its amount. It ac-
complishes nothing; it will effect nothing in favor
of an increased revenue. It is in opposition to the
principle of the bill. It charges a higher rate, and
places Oregon and California, on a different footing
than that which is fixed throughout the United
States. I believe, as I have said, that it may be
four or five years before the Post Office Depart-
ment will, under these reduced rates, sustain itself;
and in diminishing the amount of this probable
deficit, such a discrimination as that proposed for |
. Oregon and California is altogether unworthy of
notice. The difference between rate of three
cents and twelve cents would not make on the an-
nual receipts of the mails, a difference of $15,000.
Mr. TH (JRSTON. Mr. Chairman, I offer an
amendment to the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Potter.] I move to strike out
the words "four times the amount," and insert
three cents.
Mr. POTTER. I rise to a question of order.
It is not in order for the gentleman from Oregon
to offer that amendment. The section of the bill,
as it now stands, provides for a uniform rate of
three cents, ana of course will include Oregon and
California, so that the effect of the amendment of;
the gentleman from Oregon will be, to leave the
section precisely as it now stands without my
amendment. I submit to the Chair that it is not
in order for the gentleman from Oregon to offer
his amendment.
The CHAIRMAN decided the amendment to
be out of order.
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Chairman——
Mr. KAUFMAN. I rise to a point of order.
It is not in order for the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Potter] to offer an amendment to an amendment
that has already been adopted by the committee, i
The committee nave already decided on a uniform
rate of three cents throughout the United States.
Now, Oregon and California are portions of the
United States, and are included in the provisions
of this amendment. It therefore cannot be in or-
der for the gentleman from Ohio to move that four
times the amount of postage be charged on letters
to California and Oregon which is charged on
letters in other portions of the United States, when
the committee nave already decided that the rate
shall be three cents.
The CHAIRMAN decided the amendment in
order.
Mr. THURSTON. I was about to say, Mr.
Chairman, that I regret extremely that the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Potter] has thought proper
to bring this matter up again. 1 have witnessed
with great interest ana care, the feeling expressed
in this House towards the inhabitants of the Pa-
cific coast whom I represent. And I have come
to the conclusion long since, that there is in this
House a fixed determination to do us justice, in all
things that bear upon our interests and welfare.
It will be recollected by the committee, that an
amendment was offered here on day before yester-
day, fixing the rate of postage on letters sent from
here to California and Oregon by the way of the
Isthmus, at ten cents the letter. That portion of
the amendment I opposed, and upon solemn argu-
ment it was voted down.
Now, then, I wish to direct the attention of the
committee to this single point. Gentlemen have
been bearing down upon us with their statistics,
to show the expense of transporting the mail across
the Isthmus to Panama. I ask them what that
expense is ? It is simply $30 for the first hundred
pounds of weight, and $12 for every additional
hundred pounds of weight, transported across the
Isthmus at any one time. Now, if you take into
consideration the weight of letters, you will find
that three thousand five hundred single letters,
will weigh about one hundred pounds. The post-
age of three thousand five hundred letters, at forty
cents the letter, will amount to $1,400. Take from
the $1,400, $12, the expense of transportation,
and you have the amount of revenue accruing
from the transportation of the mail, per hundred
in letters, between the Atlantic and Pacific coasts.
But, at three cents a letter, as the bill as it now
stands provides for, the amount of revenue on .one
hundred weight of letters will be $105. Take $12
from this ana you will have left $93, the net reve-
nue on each hundred weight of letters.
I find that during the quarter ending on Decem-
ber 31st last, there were sent from the city of New
York one hundred and twenty-three thousand
seven hundred and nineteen letters to the Pacific
coast, and received at the same office, from the
Pacific coast, one hundred and twenty-seven thou-
sand and forty-eight letters. Thepostage on these,
at the present rates of postage, would amount to
the enormous sum of $100,386!; but at three cents
per letter it would amount to $7,529 01. From
$100,386 take $7,529, throwing off the fractions,
and you have $92,857, which is extorted from us and
our friends in the States from necessity. That does
not include any of the letters sent from or received
at Charleston, sent or received at Savannah, Geor-
gia, or New Orleans. When you take these facts
into consideration, and contemplate the rapid man-
ner in which the population of the Pacific coast
is increasing, and that this mail line is the great
artery of communication between these two great
divisions of the Republic, you will see at once that
this line is destined to be the most stupendous of any
in the United States. I will say, with the gentle-
; man from Maryland, [Mr. McLane,] that when
, you undertake to compute picayunes, as an item
in the expense to the Post Office Department, the
cost of transporting the mail across tne Isthmus to
Panama, you are, in my humble judgment, dealing
in very small matters.
Gentlemen tell you about the expense of trans-
porting the mails from the Atlantic to the Pacific
coast. Why, sir, do they not tell you about the
expense of transporting the mail overland between
here and Utah? or about the expense of transport-
ing the mail between here and Santa Fe? They
say nothing about the expense of sending letters
from Maine to the Rio Grande, from Galveston to
St. Paul, in Minnesota, nor from Houlton to
Utah. All this can be done inland for three cents
a letter, but to go just a few hundred miles fur-
ther by water, we must be taxed four times this
sum, must we?
Now, when this bill has been completed, when
the House has decided once and again, after sol-
emn deliberation, that they will consider all sec-
tions of the country as belonging to acommon coun-
try, subject to one law, which shall be uniform in
its operations, some gentlemen in this House have
attempted to introduce provisions in this bill for
the purpose of making an invidious distinction be-
tween the residents of the Atlantic and Pacific
coasts.
I repeat, again, that so far there has been an
evident desire on the part of this House to put the
whole country upon an equal footing, and to have
it regulated by an uniform system of laws. But
in the face and eyes of these unmistakable indi-
cations, project after project is proposed here, and
illurement after illurement is held out to seduce
this House from its honesty of purpose. Here I
Jiave sat day after day, with anxious eye upon
to is bill, and no sooner have I called on the House
to ward off one blow aimed at our prosperity, than
lo and behold! I find another axe pending over
our heads. This is the last, I presume, in the
course of this bill; and as 1 have repeatedly here-
tofore, so I must now, call upon the friends of
Oregon and the Pacific, everywhere, tt> shift from
our devoted heads this menace that awaits them.
We have announced our willingness to come in
under a scale of graduation of rates of postage
which shall be uniform throughout the United
States. That plan the House has determined not
to adopt. Even this system woulfl operate griev-
ously on us, because the most of our correspond-
ence would be subject to the highest rate. You
have determined it shall be uniform, as the bill now
provides; and the question presented by the amend-
ment is, whether we on the Pacific shall be now
taken out and have the mark of Cain set upon us ?
Against this I am bound to contend; and while I
have a voice, to raise that voice against it.
You carry the mails to Santa Fe, some three
thousand miles, for three cents; to the southern
town of Utah, within a few hundred miles of San
Diego, for the same. Not only this, but the De-
partment has advertised for proposals for carrying
the mail from Utah to San Francisco, and from
Utah to the Dalles of the Columbia river, from
which point a mail is carried to Astoria on the
Pacific. Now, you do not stop to count the cost
of transportation on any of tnese routes: why,
then, count it on the only route, on which we can
depend, at present at least, for mails ? I can see
no reason for it, and hence I call upon the com-
mittee to vote down the project once more, as I
am quite certain it will. [Mr. Thurston's re-
marks will appear in an extended form in the Ap-
pendix^
Mr. THURSTON withdrew his amendment.
The question was then taken on Mr. Potter's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. MATTESON offered the following amend-
ment:
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That lists of letters
remaining uncalled for in any post office, for the space of
two weeks, in any city, town, or village, where a newspa-
per shall be printed, shalt hereafter be published once only
in a newspaper, which being issued as frecyiently as any
other, shall have the largest circulation within the range of
delivery of said office, to be decided by the Postmaster
General, under such regulations as shall be prescribed by
him, at a charge not exceeding two and a half cents on each
letter called for. And the postmaster at such office is hereby
directed to post in a conspicuous place in his office a copy
of such list on the day or day after the publication thereof:
Provided, however, If the publisher of any paper herein-
specified shall refuse to publish the list of letters as provi-
ded in this section, the postmaster shall designate some
other paper in which such list shall be published; and such
publisher, so refusing, shall be deprived of all the benefits
of this act, and the free exchange now provided by law.
Mr. M. said: My object in proposing this
amendment is to save an expense to tne Post Of-
fice Department. The expense attendant on dead
letters at present exceeds $44,000 annually, and
perhaps ten or fourteen thousand of that sum may
be returned upon letters that are called for, leaving
about $30,000 to be charged to the Post Office De-
partment. I think that three cents should be '
' charged when called for, in addition to the post-
