1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
261
gress franking a letter not written by himself, shall forfeit
and pay the sum of ten dollars for,every offence, to be re-
covered on information before any magistrate of the State,
District, or Territory, and the magistrate shall immediately
report the same to the neareft postmaster, who shall charge
himself with the sum so received, and add it in his quar-
terly return.
Sec. fi. And be it further enacted, If any person shall
counterfeit, imitate, or forge the frank or name of another
entitled to the franking privilege, he or she shall forfeit and
pay the sum of fifty dollars, to be recovered on presentment
or indictment in the circuit court of the United States.
Loud cries of" Question!" " question!"
Mr. CALDWELL, of Kentucky, asked the
gentleman from Indiana to modify his amend-
ment by adopting the proviso offerea by him, (Mr.
C.,) and winch had been appended to the substi-
tute of the chairman of the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BROWN accepted the modification, as fol-
lows:
" Provided, That no post office now in existence shall be
discontinued, nor shall the mail service on any mail route
in any of the States or Territories be discontinued or dimin-
ished in consequence of any diminution of the revenues
that may result from this act: And. provided, further, That
it shall be the duty of the Postmaster General to establish
new post offices and place the mail service on new mail
routes established, or that may hereafter be established, in
the same manner as though this act had not been passed:
but that the mail car passed four times daily be- .
tweed" the cities, for which the Railroad Company j
demanded and received from the United States j
Government *,12,000 annually, whilst the Express
Company's cars, which passed only three times j
in the day between Washington and Baltimore,
were charged $5,000. If the Express Company
had other cars passing an equal number of times
over the road as the Government mail, and paid at
the same rate they now do, they would pay $6,666
per annum. But, as I have stated, the Govern-
ment, for this very same service, pays $12,000
annually, or nearly a double sum.
I simply mention this as an instance, to illustrate j
the exorbitant price thatrailroadcompaniesdemand j
for the transportation of the mails. From this com- \
pany you learn the conduct of all. Exorbitant
charges are made by them; and whilst we are re-
ducing postage, I desire, if possible, to reduce the
expenditures of the Post Office Department where
it is right and proper.
Mr. POTTER was understood to say that the ;
subject of all these amendments was now before
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
but his object in this bill was to keep the question
of cheap postage apart from the general question |
of the organization of the Post Office Department. * And provided, further. That the compensation of no post-
He hopeaTtherefore, that the friends of the bill be dimlnla''ed in consequence of the passage
would offer no further amendment to it. |
Mr. JONES moved that the committee rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question then recurred on Mr. Phelps s
amendment. I
Mr. PHELPS demanded tellers, but they were
not ordered.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was not agreed to.
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana. If it be in order, I
wish to offer a substitute for the whole bill.
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order.
Loud cries of " Question !"
Mr. BROWN. I shall not say a word, but I
ask that the amendment may be read.
Mr. SWEETSER moved that the committee
rise.
The motion was not agreed to. .
Mr. TAYLOR inquired if the amendment of
the gentleman from Indiana was in order ? The 1
committee had already adopted one substitute.
The CHAIRMAN ruled that the amendment j
was in order.
The Clerk read the qpiendment; it is as follows:
That from a-;t! after the 30th day of June, 1851, the post- ,
ace on letters shall be as follows : On all letters not exceed-
ing half an ounce in weight, there shall be charged five
cents postage, and for every additional half ounce, or frac-
tional part thereof, there shall be charged the like sum of
five cents additional, and all drop letters shall be charged
with two cents. ,
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That from and after
the period aforesaid, the postage on newspapers and all
otber printed matter, shall ne as follows: On all newspapers,
pamphlets, magazines, periodicals, or other printed matter,
not exceeding one ounce and a half ounce in weight, there
shall be charged one cent postage, and a like sum for every
additional ounce and a half ounce, or fractional part thereof.
Postage on all newspapers, pamphlets, or magazines, not
sent to regular subscribers, must be prepaid, at the rates
aforesaid. Newspapers may circulate free of charge in the
Mr. PHELPS inquired if it was in order to
move to amend the amendment.'
The CHAIRMAN replied that it was in order
so to do
Mr. PHELPS. I will then propose to amend
the amendment of the gentleman from Indiana
by stricking out all after the enacting clause, and
inserting the substitute of which I gave notice the
other day, and which has been printed. I have
made some alterations in it, and I have stricken
out the section that related to California and Ore-
gon.
Mr. ORR moved that the committee rise, and
asked for tellers on that motion.
| Tellers were ordered.
The question was then taken by tellers, (Messrs.
Williams and Wellborn acting,) and decided
in the negative—ayes 73, noes 81.
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. PHELPS called for die reading of his
amendment.
The amendment was read, as follows:
ratfs of letter postage.
Be tt enacted by the Senate and Howe of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That from and after the thirtieth day of June, Anno
Domini eighteen hundred and fifty-one, the postage on all
letters and sealed packets conveyed in the mail of the Uni-
ted States, shall be as follows, viz: Every letter, or sealed
packet not exceeding half an ounce in weight, conveyed
any distance within the United States, when prepaid, shall
be charged with three cents, or when unpaid with five cents
postage, and a like sum for every additional half ounce, or
fractional part thereof; that all drop letters, or letters to be
delivered at the office where deposited, shall be charged
with one cent postage, prepaid, or with two cents, when
unpaid. Atul all circulars, handbills, or advertisements
printed or lithographed, and sealed or unsealed, shall be
charged with letter postage.
Sec. 2. And %e it further enacted, That so much of any
law which makes it the duty of post riders, or other car-
county in which they are printed, or within thirty miles of ,1 rierg 0f the mail to receive letters to be mailed and compen
said place. Newspaper editors may receive one copy of 1 ♦' 
an exchange newspaper free of charge for every copy by (
them transmitted; and newspapers, pamphlets, and maga-
zines may be conveyed as merchandise, or otherwise, out
of the mail by the carriers, or others employed in the mail
service, and all other persons whatever: Provided, That
newspapers circulating in the 8tate where printed shall be '
chargeaWe with only one half of the foregoin^rates.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, Handbills, circulars, 1
and printed letters3 if unsealed, shall be charged with two ;
cents postage, to be prepaid in all cases; and if sealed they
shaH be rhargetf with letter postage.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, All letters not weigh-
1 ing more than half an ouuee, conveyed to or from any ,
foreign countrv in the mail lines of the United States, shall I
be subject to sea postage of fifteen cents, and the Postmas- i
ter General may, in his discretion; increase the rate of post-
age on any such letters, when any change in the rate of i
foreign postage may, in ms judgment, render it expedient.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That hereafter the
President and Vice President of the United States, and ex-
Presidents and their widows, and members of the Senate, |
House of Representatives, and Delegates from Territories. ■
from thirty days before the commencement of each ana
every session, and the Secretary of the Senate and Clerk
of the House of Representatives, during their term of office, i
may send and receive free of charge all documents printed
by order of either House of Congress, books purchased for
distribution, and letters written by themselves net exceed- I
ing one ounce in weight, and all written communications
addressed to them of the same weight; and all members of !
Congress, and others entitled to the franking privilege, shall
endorse on the document or letter his or her proper name,
with the initials of the office. And any membe
sates them for the service, is abolished.
letters by steamboats not under contract.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of every master or manager of any steamboat not un-
der contract to carry thejnail, which shall pass from one
port or placc to another Jpt or place in the United States
where a post office isr estrolished, to deliver within three
hour?? after his arrival, if in the day time, and within two
hours after the next sunrise, if the arrival be in the night,
all ^letters and packets (not relating to the cargo, or any
part thereof,) addressed to, or destined for such port or place,
to the postmasters there, for which service the said master
or manager shall be entitled to receive two cents for every
letter or packet from the person or persons depositing the
same in nis hands to be delivered as aforesaid, instead of
the two cents hitherto paid by postmasters. That if any
master or manager of a steamboat shall fail so to deliver any
letter or packet so entrusted to his care, he shall incur a
penalty of twenty dollars for every such failure.
letters by steamboats under contract.
Sec. 4. And he it further enacted, That all letters and
packets that are carried on any of the waters of the United
States, in steamboats or packets, under contract with the
Post Office Department to carry the mail, shall be subject
to the same postage as if carried in the mail overland.
ship letters.
Sic. 5. And be it further enacted, That no ship or ves-
sel, whether foreign or owned within the United States,
arriving at any port therein, where a post office is estab-
lished, shall be permitted to report, make entry, or break
bulk, until the masters or commanders shall have delivered
to the postmasters all letters directed to any person or per-
sons within the United States, or the Territories thereof*
which, under bis care, or within his power, shall be brought
in such ship or vessel. That it shall be the duty of the col-
lector, or other officer of the port empowered to receive en*
tries of ships or vessels, to require from every master or
commander of such ship or vessel an oath or affirmatioD,
purporting that he has delivered all sueh letters except such
( as are directed to the owner or consignee of such ship or
vessel; and if any commander or master of any such ship
or vessel shall break bulk before he has complied with thft
( requirements of this act, every such offender shall, on con-
viction thereof, forfeit for every such offence a sum not ex-
ceeding one hundred dollars." That the payment of two
cents to the master or commander for each letter so deliv-
ered, is hereby abolished. That the postmasters, by whom
said letters are so received, shall deliver oWorward the same
at the rates established by the first section of thin act.
newspapers, periodicals, and magazines bent to
subscribers.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That on newspapers
sent from the office of publication to subscribers, by mail,
weighing not exceeding one ounce and a half each, the
postage shall be paid quarterly, in advance, to the postmaster
at the office where received, oy the person to whom they
are sent, in accordance with the instructions which may
be issued by the Postmaster General, and at ttoe following
rates of postage per annum: On newspapers published
■ once a month, ten cents; published twice a month, twenty
( cents; once a week, forty cents; twice a week, eighty
j cents; three times a week, one dollar and twenty cents;
and at rates in like proportion when published oftener or
less often than herein specified. For each additional ounce,
i or fraction of an ounce an additional rate shall be charged.
' And all periodicals and magazines, sent from the office of
i publication to subscribers, which shall be unconnected with
|. any manuscript or written matter, .and which it is, or may
! i be lawful to transmitthrough the mails ofthe United States,
'; shall be chargeable with postage at the rate of one cent for
11 each copy sent of no greater weight than one ounce and a
i half, and one cent in addition for each additional ounce, or
fraction of an ounce, to be paid quarterly in advance in like
manner, as is provided for newspapers.
i pamphlets, and transient newspapers, magazines,
and periodicals.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted. And on those news-
papers which are not sent from the office of publication, and
on tlqpe which, though sent from the office of publication,
are not sent to subscribers, the postage shall be at the rate
of one cent for each newspaper weighing not exceeding one
ounce and a half, and an additional rate of one cent for each
additional ounce or fraction of an ounce, to be prepaid in
, all cases. And the postage on periodicals and magazines
not sent from the office of publication, and on those notsent
' to subscribers, though sent from the office of publication, and
on pamphlets, shall be prepaid at the rate of two cents for
i each copy sent of no greater weight than one ounce and a
i half, and for each additional ounce or fraction of an ounce
11 an additional rate. And the Postmaster General shall direct
in whatmanner the evidence of prepayment, as provided for
! in this section, shall be indicated on the " mailable matter"
j mentioned in this section. And nothing in this act contained
| shall prevent the free exchange of newspapers between the
publisher* thereof, as now provided by law.
| postage stamps.
| Bec. 8. And be it further enacted, That it shall be tha
duty of the Postmaster General to provide suitable stamps
for the prepayment of postage of the several denominations
| of one and three cents, and such others as he may deem ex-
j pfedient, and cause them to be fiirnished and kept for sale in
each of the post offices of the United States, the net revs-
! nue of which is not less than five dollars per quarter;
and it shall be the duty of each postmaster, so entitled to be
supplied with stamps, to keep them constantly on sale, by
making seasonable applications therefor to the Postmaster
General. That any person who shall counterfut, alter, or
forge any postage stamps, or shall knowingly^fcve in his
possession any such false, forged, or altered stamps, with
* intent to sell or use the same as genuine, shall he guilty of
felony, and be punished by a fine not exceeding five hun-
i dred dollars, or by imprisonment not exceeding five years.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the directors of
, the Mint in the United States are authorized and required to
coin pieces of the value of three cents, composed of three
parts silver and one part alloy, which shall be a lawful ten-
i der for all debts of thirty dollarspr under, due to the United
j States, and to individuals, persons, and corporations.
additional compensation.
Sec. 10. And be itfurther enacted, That if, by reason of the
i reduction ofthe rates of postage, contemplated by this act,
j the compensation of any deputy postmaster shall be reduced
I below what it was in the corresponding quarters of the fiscal
year ending the 30th June, 1851, the Postmaster General is
hereby authorized to increase the compensation of every
such deputy postmaster: Provided, That the compensation
, so increased shall not exceed the amount allowed in the
corresponding quarters of the fiscal year aforesaid. That
the allowance of two cents each for the delivery of free let-
ters is hereby abolished.
mail registers.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That each postmas-
ter who shall be required to keep a register of the arrival
and departure ofthe mails, shall be allowed thirty cents ifo^
each quarterly r^im he makes thereof to the General Po^p
Office. __ . A.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That for the convey-
ance of the mails on any railroad of the first class, the Post-
master General shall not, in contracts hereafter to be made,
pay a higher rate of compensation than one hundred and
fifty dollars per mile per annum, nor for carrying the mails
on any railroad ofthe second class, a greater compensation
than sixty dollars per mile per annum, nor for carrying the
mails on any railroad of the third class, a greater com-
pensation than thirty dollars per mile per annum.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General shall not discontinue the service on any post road
because it fltils to yield one fourth ofthe expenses incident
