364
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 17,
consideration of the resolution, and it was before
the Senate for consideration.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I wish merely to
my that if I have a right recollection of the treaty
which was ratified during the last session of Con-
gress, Great Britain expressly agreed that she
would not colonize any portion of Central Amer-
ica. She entered into a distinct agreement with
this Government that she would not colonize any
portion of that country. I suppose, therefore, If
any controversy has arisen between her and Gua-
temala, or any of those small States, the motive
cannot be'to maintain anything like permanent
control of that portion of the continent. She dis-
claims, 1 believe, even the right of being a protect-
or of any portion of that country. I should be
very glad to obtain the information for which the
resolution calls. I make these few remarks sim-
ply because I think there has been a public discus-
sion going on in the public newspapers which
rather tends to mislead the public mind with re-
gard to this subject. I have no idea tliat Great
Britain is working out measures for the final colo-
nization of these countries, and I think the result
will verity this prediction. *
Mr. CLAY. I wish merely to say that I con-
cur entirely in the call which is contained in the 1
resolution. At the same time I would remark that :
there is a great disposition, perhaps too great a dis-
position, in a portion of tne public mind of the
country, towards irritation upon this subject. I
think that we ought, upon this as upon all other
questions relating to our foreign affairs, to proceed
with the greatest deliberation. Let us first get the
information. That would seem to be the proper
bams. The object of this resolution is to obtain
the information. I therefore concur in it. Let us
see what the information is before we ventures
pronounce a judgment animadvertently on the
eonduct of a foreign Power, or say anything to
estrange the present amicable "relations existing
between the two Powers.
I concur entirely with the honorable Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Shields] in saying that I am
sure all confidence is due to the present Adminis-
tration, and I add with him, confidence is due to
the disposition of the present enlightened repre-
sentative of Great Britain at this Government, to
maintain, to execute, and carry out to the fullest
extent all treaty stipulations which exist between ,1
the two countries. I have only said this by way ' I
of expressing the hope that we will refrain from j
discussing and animadverting upon these public
matters until we get the truth, the whole truth, and
nothing but the truth.
Mr. CASS. I rise merely to render my thanks ;
to the honorable Senator from Illinois for bringing
this matter before the Senate, and for the remarks
which he has made. Certain it is, there are
going on in that portion of the continent dee(^Hff-
teres ting toJ^e Government nnd people of this
eountry—e^mts and facts which ought to be in-
vestigated. As to treaties and arrangements, we
all know how easily they are swept away when
they stand in the path of human ambition. I am
very desirous myself that the facts should be in-
vestigated, and I hope, therefore, that the resohi- ,
tion will be passed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I wish the
Secretary to read the first article of the treaty.
The Secretary accordingly read the following
article from the recently-made treaty, to which
reference was made in the course of the discussion:
"The Government* of the United States and Great Brit-
ain hereby declare that neither the one nor the other will .
ever obtain or maintain for itself any exclusive control over
the said ship casal, agreeing that neither will ever erect or
maintain any fortifications commanding.the same, or in the
vicinity thereof, or occupy, or fortify, or colonize, or as-
rame, or e*ercise any dominion over Nicaragua, Costa Rica, I
the Mosquito coast, or any part of Central America; nor
will either make use of any protection which either affords
or may afford, or any alliance which either has or may have i
to or with any State or people, for the purpose of erecting or
nna^inin^ any such fortifications, or of occupying, fortify-
iajVcotomzing Nicaragua, Costa Rica, theMgsquito coast,
or any part of Central America, or of assuming or exercising
dominion over the same; nor will the United States or
iSf* ®"ta'n tako advantage of any intimacy, or use^ny
•v?lct' connecti°n, or influence that either may possess
with any state or Government through whose territory
cwal may pass, for the purpose of acquiring or
*>•> ' ct'y or indirectly, for the citizens or subjects of
""y:"ghts or advantages in regard to commerce or
^ 8aid which shall not be af-
othe^v the Bame two* to the citizens or subject* of the
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I do not in-
tend to make any comments upon that article, but
I merely wish it to go out to the country with the
other proceedings of the morning. 1
Mr. SHIELDS. I may be permitted to say, in
self-justification, that I had before me in the pa-
pers of the country the proclamation of the Pres-
ident, the notification of the British authorities,
the declarations of the very active and very ob-
noxious British agent, Mr. Chatfield, and I have
also direct information from the country. I have
made no remarks, I hope, calculated to create any
improper excitement.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have but a remark to make
on this subject. I am glad that this resolution
has been brought forward, and that the section of
the treaty has been read. I voted against that
treaty, for the reason that I was unwilling to enter
into any stipulation with any European power
that we would not do on this continent whatever
we might think it our duty to do whenever a case
should arise. I voted against it, therefore, because
of the clause which has been read; but as it has
been entered into, I desire to see it enforced. I
am not yet aware that that clause of the treaty has
been carried into effect. I have yet to learn that
the British Government have withdrawn their pro-
tectorate from the Mosquito coast. I have yet to
learn that thev have abandoned the possession
which they held under the Mosquito King. I hope
the inquiry will go far enough to learn whether or
no the treaty has been executed in that respect.
I deem that, as well as the subjects referred to by
my colleague, a proper matter of inquiry, and ,
trust we shall have full information on the whole
subject.
The resolution was then adopted.
BILLS PASSED.
The following engrossed bills were severally raid s
a third time and passed:
The bill to amend the act entitled "An act to
amend the act entitled 'An act supplemental to the
act for the admission of Iowa ana Florida into the
Union.'"
The bill to reduce and define the boundaries of
the military reserve at the St. Peter's river, in the
Territory of Minnesota, and to secure the rights
of actual settlers there.
CHANGE OF VENI7E.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of,
the amendment of the House of Representatives :
to Senate bill to authorize the change of venue in j
certain cases.
Mr. WALKER. I wish to offer some consid- ;
erations on that subject, but not at the present
time; for I know that the Senator from Connecti-
cut [Mr. Smith] has charge of a bill upon which
he desires to speak this morning, and I therefore
move that the consideration of this bill be post-
poned till Monday next; not with a view of ma-
king it a special order, however.
^The motion to postpone the further considera-
tion of the bill was agreed to.
STEAMBOAT INSPECTORS IN ARKANSAS.
Mr. SMITH. I desire to move now to take up I
Senate bill 101, which was laid on the table on
my motion yesterday; but the honorable Senator
from Arkansas [Mr. Borland] has a bill which
he thinks will require but a very short time for j
its consideration; and as I desire to accommodate
him, I will withhold my motioiLfor the present.
Mr. BORLAND. The l^r which I ask the
Senate to take up for consideration now is a bill
to authorize the district judge of the court of Ar-
kansas to appoint steamboat inspectors. If it shall
give rise to the least discussion I will withdraw the
proposition. As is well known, under the present j
law the power to appoint a steamboat inspector ,
exists only in a collection district. Arkansas not
being such a collection district, the judge has ;
no power to appoint such inspectors, and Arkan- I
sas suffers seriously on account of this want of ;
power. This is a bill which was prepared at the
Treasury Department, for the purpose of meeting
the wants of Arkansas.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I will suggest;
to the Senator from Arkansas that the subject to j i
which he refers is under consideration by the
Committee on Commerce, and has been since a
bill was received from the House of Representa-
tives touching the subject of regulating steamers;
and that committee will probably report in a short
time, and I think it probable that, among other
things, when that report is made, they will pro-
pose to the Senate some new arrangements with
regard to steamers.
Mr. BORLAND. I will say to the Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Davis] that that does
not touch this question. This is a bill reported
by the Committee on Commerce at the last session,
and it is simply to give the judge power to ap-
point inspectors under the existing laws. When
the proposition comes up to amend the laws, the
inspectors will act under those laws as amended.
This bill simply gives the judge power to appoint
inspectors now, as if Arkansas were now a collec-
tion district, without touching existing laws.
Mr. HALE, I dislike very much to oppose
the wishes of the Senator from Arkansas, with
regard to taking up the bill proposed, but we have
acted on the principle of taking up bills as they
succeed each other on die calendar, and I trust we
may adhere to that principle.
Mr. BORLAND. I, will relieve the Senate by
withdrawing my motion.
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
On motion by Mr. SMITH, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill to provide
for the ascertainment and satisfaction of claims
of American citizens for spoliations committed by
the French prior to the 31st day of July, 1801.
Mr. SMITH addressed the Senate until the
usual hour of adjournment, when he gave way,
without finishing, for a motion to adjourn, which
was agreed to.
Ann the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 17* 1851.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. The
Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. DANIEL moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the Private Calendar.
Mr. POTTER rose to submit a privileged mo-
tion. He moved that th? rules be suspended, and
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, on the special
order.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, inquired wheth-
er, if the motion did not prevail, reports from com-
mittees would not be in order?
The SPEAKER replied, that reports of com-
mittees would not be m order. This being pri-
vate-bill day, if the House refused to go into Com-
mute of the Whole, the private business on the
Speaker's table would be the business in order.
Mr. WILLIAMS called for tellers on Mr. Pot-
ter's motion".
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Williams
and Sawtelle were appointed.
The question being taken on Mr. Potter's mo-
tion, it was decided in the affirmative—ayes 76,
noes not counted.
So the rules were suspended, and the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Burt in the chair,) on
the special order.
CHEAP POSTAGE ®ILL.
The CHAIRMAN stated thatwhen the commit-
tee last rose it had under consideration a bill to re-g
duce and modify the rates of postage in the United
States, and that the pending question was on the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Phei.ps,] to the substitute of the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Brown.]
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana, desired to modify
his amendment by striking out all that relates to
t|je franking privilege. The committee had voted
yesterday not to change the preqpnt system in re-
lation to the franking privilege, and, therefore, he
wished to modify his amendment.
The CHA IRMAN. The gentleman has a right
to modify his amendment, but not to make any
further remarks.
Mr. WENTWORTH asked for the reading of
the amendment.
Mr. JQNES objected. The bill could be read
in the House.
Mr. WENTWORTH wanted to know what
the committee had done, so that he could vote tui-
derstandingly.
Mr. CLEVELAND inquired whether the gen-
tleman from Indiana had a right to modify his
amendment without the consent of the House?
