1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
265
The CHAIRMAN replied that the gentleman
could modify his amendment before it was acted
on by the House.
The question was then taken on Mr. Phelps's
amendment to the amendment, and it was not
agreed to.
The question recurred on {he amendment pro-
posed by Mr. Brown.
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana, said, that as he had
made no remarks on his amendment yesterday,
he supposed he had a right to do so now.
The CHAIRMAN thought that the gentleman
had no right to address the committee now.
Mr. BROWN would &en ask that his amend-
ment might be read.
Mr. ASHMtJN objected.
The CHAIRMAN put the question, and the
committee decided that the amendment should not
be again read. «
Mr. CLEVELAND moved to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Indiana, by inserting
the provision in relation to the franking privilege,
which had been stricken out by the gentleman
from Indiana in modifying his amendment.
It was read as follows:
Sec. 5. Jind he it further enacted, That hereafter the
President and Vice President of tlie United States, and ex-
Presidents and their widows, and members of the Senate,
House of Representatives, and Delegates from Territories,
from thirty days bfifore the commencement of each and .
every session, "and the Secretary of the Senate and Clerk
of the House of Representatives, during their term of office,
may send and receive free of charge all documents printed
by order of either House of Congress, books purchased for
distribution, and letters written by themselves not exceed-
ing one ounce in weight, and all written communications
addressed to them of the same weight; and all members of
Congress, and others entitled Jo the franking privilege, shall
indorse on the document or letter his or her proper name, i
with the initials of the office. "And any memberttf Con-
gress franking a letter not written by himself, shall forfeit
and pay the sum of ten dollars for every offence, to be re
covered on information before any magistrate of the State,
District, or Territory, and the magistrate shall immediately
report the same to the nearest postmaster, who shall charge
himself with the sum so received, and add it in liis quar-
terly return.
Mr. C. said: I believe there is not an individual
in our Government who does not feel the evil of
the franking privilege. It is known to die entire
American people, that once in four years a com- j
mittee is selected, headed by some distinguished ,
member of Congress, and "they are kept here in the j
city of Washington during the long vacation , and I
their only business is to attempt to mislead and
corrupt the people. Hundreds and hundreds of
loads of trasn are sent out filled with falsehood for
the purpose of deceiving voters. i
Now, is there any way to reach that evil? It j
can easily be done by just taking away from mem- j
bers of Congress the light to frank. T would ask ;
why members of Congress should have the frank- i\
ing privilege? j,
Mr. SWEETSER, (interposing.) I should like :
to know whether the gentleman alludes to any per-
sons within his own State? It is considered legit- !
imate for a man" to abuse hi$ own State.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I did not intend to wound
the feelings of my friend from Ohio, nor those of
any other gentleman here.
I say, sir, that-it is known to everybody through-
out the length and breadth of the land, that a jcom-
mittee is kept here for the very purpose of frank-
in^and sending out documents to deceive and de- .
fraud the people.
Mr. SWEETSER. Who does so?
Mr. CLEVELAND. Everybody knows that
a distinguished man from my own State was re- '
cently at the head of such a committee, and we
know at home the manner in which he discharged
those duties. .We know its object, and we know !
its effects. Now, sir, shall we pass over this, the j
greatest of all the evils connected with our postal j
system, and allow the same abuse to be practiced j
again.' I Delieve that it is not confiqed, either, to
one party. I believe that both parties have to
some extent indulged in.this mode of wasting the
public money for, in my judgment, a very un-
warrantable and unjust purpose.
Now, I am in favor of curtailing the privilege
of members in the use of franks. I would not go
so far as some gentlemen, perhaps, but I am in
favor of doing something. And, sir, permit me
to say, that the people require that this evil should '
be at once corrected. The bill as reported will, I
doubt not, be very satisfactory to the people ex-
cept in this particular. , ,
I offer this amendment for the purpose of testing
the sense of the committee, so that the country
may know how many men there are in this House,
i and who they are, who are willing to deprive them-
i selves of a privilege which is denied to the rest of
i the people, and not only is it denied to them, but
| they are compelled to pay extra on their letters, in
order that we may enjoy this advantage.
Mr. ASHMUN said: As I understand, the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Con-
necticut is offered for the purpose of curtailing, if
not of abolishing, the franking privilege, and is
made to a bill which is proposed as a substitute
to the bill reported to this House by the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads. Now, I
have nothing to say in reference to the object of
the amendment, but I simply desire to say, that
the committee has been engaged many days in
. perfecting the bill; it has been gone through sec-
tion by section, and each section has been voted
upon; and I therefore trust that no further time
will be wasted. The very proposition that the
gentleman from Connecticut has brought forward
has been twice rejected; and the principle involved
in the amendment of the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Brown] has been a dozen times rejected.
I do hope that the committee will vote down
■ all these amendments, and that it will stand by
the bill that it has perfected section by section. I '
hope that it will vote down the amendment of the i
gentleman from Connecticut.
The question was then taken on Mr. Cleve-
land's amendment to Mr. Brown's substitute,
and it was not agreed to.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, offered the follow-
ing amendment:
Jini be it further enacted, That from and after the pas-
sage of this act no free matter whatever shall be carried
through the mails.
Mr. E. said: I should not have offered this
amendment, which I do not suppose will be adopt-
ed, had it not been for what fell from the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Ashmun.] It is
my opinion, tnat the franking privilege is a gross
abuse, by whomsoever it may be exercised. It
does not tend to disseminate toe smallest amount
of real information among the people of this coun- J
try; but, as I think the gentleman from Connecti-
cut [Mr. Cleveland] has very correctly observed, i
it is a means of disseminating false and one-sided i
opinions. 1
By means of this privilege a vast mass of un- |
digested matter is disseminated, from which noth-
ing can be culled. Whether it be in the shape of
public documents, or speeches, or in any other'
shape, the matter disseminated is of the most su-
perficial and simple character, and those receiving
the benefits of it, will never be better informed
either as respects legislative, or scientific, or any
other subjects. The amount of real information j
distributed by means of the franking privileee is :
very trivial—contemptible—too small to make it
worth while to vote its continuance. Sir, this
privilege costs several thousands of dollars annual-
ly. Every member of Congress enjoys it, almost
every postmaster enjoys it, and editors of news-
papers too, for they receive all their exchanges,
and a vast quantity of other matter free of post-
age. While we are continuing this system, which
is of so little benefit, and is so extremely costly,
we are reducing the rates of postage, and making
an annual appropriation to meet the deficit, which
may probably arnounyto §2,000,000. In England
this system has long since been abolished, and
we, too, should vote it down.
Though I do not expect that my amendment !
will be adopted, and thougn I know that it has
already been voted down, I think it proper to
offer it as an expression of my opinion in refer- j
en.ee to what was said by the gentleman from !
Massachusetts, [Mr. Ashmun.]
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana. My own opinion, 1
Mr. Chairman, is in favor of the abolition of the
franking privilege, and I so voted yesterday. But
I have moved to amend my amendment by striking
out all in it that related to this privilege, because
I was satisfied, from the expression of opinion
that the committee gave yesterday, that it was
determined hot to ir.ake any change in relation
to it.
I have now offered my amendment to the bill
without this provision, and the only question pre-
sented to the committee for its decision is, whether
it will adopt a uniform rate of five cents postage,
without making the Post Office Department de-
pendent on the general Treasury, or whether it
'< will adopt a three-cent rate, and draw 11,500,000
annually from the Treasury to sustain the Depart-
ment? I have nothing mftre to say, it now only
remains for the committee to decide.
Mr. CARTTER inquired if an amendment was
now in order?
The CHAIRMAN replied that it was not.
The question was then taken on Mr. Evans's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. CARTTER. I offer an amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will please
, send his amende611110 'he Chair.
Mr. CARTTER. I will give the Clerk discre-
tionary power to provide an amendment for me.
[Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that
the gentleman cannot delegate his right to move
an amendment. [Laughter.!
Mr. CARTTER. Then I move to strike out
"five" and insert "six," or any other number
you please. There seems to be an idea prevailing
here to some extent, that the franking privilege is
a privilege of the Representatives, and for their
benefit. Now I deny that. It is a privilege that
belongs to the people. It is exercised tor tlie
benefit of the people, and it really constitutes a
i burden upon Uie Representative. That is the
! truth, and there is not a member of the committee
who has discharged this duty to his constituents
who has not realized it. But, sir, is it not a wise
exercise of power on the part of this body to per-
petuate the privilege—not the abuses of it, but the
privilege itself? How is it exercised? It is exer-
cised in dissemminating among the masses the his-
; tory of the action of Congress. It is exercised in
i bringing the proceedings of this body to the doors
j of the people, and it is the only way in which our
I constituents are informed of what transpires here.
It is the only privilege, the only gratuity that is
an unexceptionable one. Now, why abolish it
for the benefit of a three-cent postage—for the
benefit of running down this Department of the
Government? At every step we take in this bill
it is more plainly revealed by the friends of this
measure that this Department is to become bank-
rupt. First they vote to vest discretionary power
i in the Postmaster General to distribute salaries to
! postmasters, contemplating the bankruptcy of the
i; Department. They next vote a million and a half
|1 of dollars out of the general Treasury in'contem-
Slation of a deficit in the revenue of the Post Office
•epartment. And then they come forward, after
i justifying that, and say that if the franking privi-
lege is continued, it must be continued at the ex-
I pense of the solvency of the Department. And
; now, when this system gets into operation, and it
is found that the revenues of the Department do
| not its demands, they will propose to curtail
i the unproductive mail routes; and the reason as-
i signed for it will be, that the Department ,is becom-
ing a pauper upon the Treasury, and that those
. routes are producing that result. That will be the
! next argument.
And then, when the next Congress meets and
the returns of the Department exhibit a deficiency
in its revenues, new members of Congress will
| account for it by our having extended mail facili-
ties to regions of country that do not return an *
equivalent in mail revenues; and the same argu-
ment that i« now used in favor of abolishing the
franking privilege, will then be used in favor of
abolishing mail routes.
No, sir,.instead of abolishing the franking priv-
■ ilege, I would extend it, so fur, nUleast, as the com-
munication between the various branches of this
Government nnd the people is concerned.
Mr. VENABLE said: Mr. Chairman, I am not
inclined to interfere with the franking privilege.
If I were, tlie manifestation of a determination not
to abolish it, by the committee, made so repeatedly
in the last two days, would admonish me that it
would be worse than useless. I am, however, nq4^
in favor of tlie abolition of that privilege, howeve^^
I might desire its modification. I rise for another
purpoq§—it is to meet the remark so often made,
; that the reduction of postage will make the Post
Office Department a pauper on the Treasury. And
further, that the result of that reduction would be
the discontinuance of many post offices, and the
denial of many more on unproductive routes. Sir,
I would vote for no law which did not on its face
provide against such a state of things—which did
i not provide for the continuance ana extension of
