266
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 17,
all the benefits of the Post Office Department to
all portions of our country. But, sir, 1 wish the
fact to go to the country, that a very large item in
the charges on the revenues of the department is
made up of the sums expended upon steamers
carrying mails across the sea—ocean mail-steam-
ers, which have found their way into favor by 1
a promise, that in case of war, the vessels may
be converted into war-steamers for our defence.
These large expenditures are a continual charge
on the Post Office, without any proper return m
revenue. This expense, belonging to any other
branch of the service, is taxed here in order to fur-
nish a standing argument against the reduction of
postage. I foresaw this when this system was com-
menced, and gave the warning. If the Depart- ,
ment is relieved from such improper charges, there
would be no danger of a want of funds. Sir, I
am astonished that such difficulties should arise
in the minds of gentlemen, or that any person who ,
is content to establish lines of steamers for foreign
mails, who are willing to charge the Treasury with
such a burden, should hesitate to secure to their
countrymen at home the use of a weekly saddle-
bags mail; that any person should consider it of
more consequence to keep up correspondence be-
tween free negroes in Africa and free negroes in
America than to supply a frontier settlement with
the means of communication with their own peo-
ple. Sir, I am an early and a persevering friend
of cheap postage, and deeply regret that the friends
of this duI have placed it so low as to render it
impossible for me to support it. „ My opinions as
to low postage are the same; but there is a point
of reduction which expediency must fix, ana be-
low which I am unwilling to go. I would have
been willing to accept five cents uniform, or to
have made a further concession of five cents for
long distances and three cents for short routes.
Three cents uniform postage is, in my judgment,
a violent experiment on the principle and practice
of cheap postage. I am unwilling that anything
should be done which will bring discredit on an
enterorise deeply affecting the cause of human
comfort and human civilization. I am reluctantly
forced to the conclusion that this is too low, and
must produce evil results, and by an apparent fail-
ure, bring discredit upon the cause. I deeply regret
that the committee have thought proper to place
the postage at a uniform rate of three cents. J re-
gret it, sir, because I shall be compelled to vote i
against that provision, and of course against the I
bill. The friends of the bill will, I fear, in their j
great zeal for a too radical reform, defer any re-
form at all for some time at least. I shall continue
to claim for my portion of the country the benefit
of postage at the cheapest rate which prudence
may suggest. I will even vote money out of the
Treasury to secure to the frontiers and spAely-
setUed districts their rights in this great means of
internal intercourse. And I shall continue to op-
pose every attempt to saddle upon the Post Office
revenues the expenses of enterprises not properly
belonging to it—remembering that the claims of
our own people, our own countrymen, ate of a
higher character than those of foreigners. If
steamers are to be built and corporations favored,
let it be done avowedly for that purpose, and not
as an apology to keep up the rates of postage or
to deny the facilities of the mails to the poorer and
less favored portions of the- country.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I am opposed, Mr.
Chairman 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must inform
th« gentleman from Connecticut that no further re-
marks are in order.
The question was then taken on Mr. Cartter's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
The question then recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Brown, of Indiana; on taking which
Siestion tellers were ordered, (Messrs. Levin and
Ingham acting,) and resulted—ayes 69, noes 88.
•So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON offered an amendment to the
substitute proposed by the gentleman from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Brown.1 y #
The CHAIRMAN stated that an amendment
could not be offered, since the substitute had just
been rejected.
Mr. HOUSTON inquired what bill was then
under the consideration of the committee—whether
the bill reported by the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, or the substitute offered by
the chairman of that committee ?"
The CHAIRMAN replied, that the committee
had acted on all the sections of the bill reported
by the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, and that no amendment would be in order
that was not offered as an additional section to the
bill.
Mr. HOUSTON remarked that he was under
the impression that the amendment of the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Brown] to the substitute
of the chairman of the Committee on the Post Of-
fice'and Post Roads, was pending.
Mr. PUTNAM offered the foltowing as an ad-
ditional section to the bill:
Sec.—. Jlndie it farther enacted, That for the pur-
pose of insuring the services of competent and faithful post-
masters under the reduced rates of postage provided for by
this act, the Postmaster General be, and he is hereby, au-
thorized and empowered, by his written order, to increase
their rates of commission, whenever he shall deem it just
and equitable, and again rescind and modify such order
when in his opinion a less rate of commission shall be a
fair compension for such services.
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio, rose to a question of or- i,
der. He considered the amendment not germane j
to the bill.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment to be
in order. j |
Mr. PUTNAM said: There can be no doubt, >i
Mr. Chairman, that if the bill now under consid- ■
eration should take effect, the rates of compen- j
sation -now paid to the postmasters in the United |
States will, for a period of time at least, be
materially reduced. The object of my proposition
is to empower the Postmaster General to allow
< such furtner additional compensation to the post-
[ masters throughout the country, and particularly
| in the small post offices in the rural districts, as
| will be sufficient to enable him to retain postmas-
j ters in the various post offices that are competent
I to transact the business of their localities.
j This is the object of my proposition, and I need
not say that it has been recommended in the offi-
cial reports of the Postmaster General,
i Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I suppose it is
in order, sir, to speak in opposition to this amend-
ment. But I rise for the purpose of making a sug-
gestion to the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Venable,] who, a few minutes since, addressed
the House, rather than for the purpose of op-
posing the amendment of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Putnam.] The gentleman from North
Carolina has several times in the course of this
debate, shown himself extremely eager to lug into
the discussion, very inopportunely , as I think, some
remarks in reference to a proposition now pending
before the House for the establishment of a line
of mail steamers to Africa. I do not intend to say
a word upon that subject; but I desire iust to say-
to the gentleman from North Carolina, that if he is
so very eager for the fight, I shall, at the very ear-
liest opportunity that presents itself, and the rules
of the House will permit, propose to take that meas- |
\ ure up, (and if the gentleman from North Carolina 1
{ is willing to meet me on that question, and argue it 1
fairly and impartially, he will assist me in getting
! it up,) and I then challenge him to the contest. ;
The question was then taken on Mr. Putnam's
1 amendment, and it was not agreed to. |
J Mr. POTTER moved that the committee now j
I rise and report the bill. |
The question being taken, it was agreed to, and
the committee rose.
The Speaker having resumed the chair, the
chairman of the committe^Mr. Burt] reported
; that the committee had had under consideration
| the bill to reduce and modify the rates of postage,
i and had directed him to report the same with sun-
dry amendments. ,
Mr. POTTER called for the previous question,
which was seconded, and the main question or-
; dered, which main question was on concurring
i with the Committee of the Whole on the state of
| the Union in their amendments to the bill.
| Mr. HALL moved that the bill be laid on the ,
l table; and on that motion called for the yeas and
! nays; which were ordered.
' The question was then taken, and resulted—
; yeas 61, nays J39—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alston, Averett, Bayly Beale, Bocock,
: Bowdop, Bowie, Boyd, Albert G. Brown, Wm. J. Brown,
! Bullard, Burt, George A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell,
S Cartter, Clingman, W. R. W. Cobb, Colcock, Daniel, Dun- ■
i ham, Edmundson, Ewing, Featherston, Fuller, Gentry,
1 jGorman, Green, Hall, Haralson, Isham G. Harris, 8. W.
j Harris, Holladay, Inge, Joseph W. Jackson, A. Johnson,- j
! Jones, Kaufman, Mason, McClemand, McMullen, Mc- I
■i Queen, Meade, Millson, Morse, Orr, Outlaw, Parker, I
Powell, Robinson, Boss, Savage, Seddon, R. H. Stanton,
Sweetser, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Toombs, Wallace,
Watkins, Williams, and Woodward—61.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Allen, Andrews,
Ashmun, Bell, Bennett, Bingham, Bokee, Booth, Breck,
Briggs, Bnsbin, Brooks, Bucj, Burrows, Butler, Jos. Cable,
Calvin, Campbell, Casey, Chandler, Clarke, Cleveland,
Cole, Conger, Corwin, Crowell, Danner, Deberry; Dickey,
Dimmick, Disney, Doty, Duncan, Durkee,Ehot, A. Evans,
Nathan Evans, Fitch, Fowler, Freedley, Gerry, Giddings,
Gilbert, Gilmore, Goodenow, Gott, Gould, Grinnell, Hallo-
way, Hamilton. Hammond, Hampton, Harlan, Hay, Ray-
mond, Henry, Ailliard, Hoagland, Holmes, Houston, How-
ard. Howe, Hunter, Wm. T. Jackson., James L. Johnson,
Julian, James G. King, John A. King, Preston King,
La Sire Leffler, Levin, Littlefield, Horace Mann, Job
Mann, Marshall, Matteson, McDonald, McDowell, Mc-
Gaugliey, RJcKissock, McLanahun, R. M. McLane, Finis
E. McLean, Meacham, John K. Miller, Daniel F. Miller,
Moore, Morehead, Morris, Morrison, Morton, Nelson, Ogle,
Olds, Otis, Peaslee, Peck, Penn, Phelps, Phcenix, Pitman,
Potter, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds, Risley, Robbins, Rock-
well, Rose, Rumsey, Sackett, Sawtelle, Schenck, Scher-
merhorn, Schoolcraft, Silvester,Spaulding, Sprague, Stanly,
Frederick P. Stanton, Stetson, Taylor, James Thompson,
John B. Thompson, Thurman, Tuck, Underbill, Van
Dyke, Vinton, Walden, Waldo, Wentworth, White, Whit-
tlesey, Wright, and Young—139.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the table.
The question recurring on concurring with the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
in their amendments to the bill,
The SPEAKER said that unless a separate vote
was called for, the question would be taken on all
the amendments at the same time.
Mr. HALL called for a separate vote on each
amendment.
The SPEAKER said that as a separate vote was
called for, the question would be first on concurring
in the amendment to the first section of the bill.
The first section of the original bill was read,
as follows:
"Sec. 1. Be it enacted, $c., That letters carried in the mail
of the United States shall be charged with postage as follows:
Upon each letter not weighing, over one half ounce when
postage is paid where such letter is mailed three cents ; and
for each additional half ounce, or fraction of half an ounce,
when so prepaid, there shall be charged three cents. There
■hall be charged upon each unpaid letter, weighing not
more than one halt ounce, five cents, and for each addi-
tional half ounce, or fraction of half ail ounce, when so un-
paid, the sum of five cents."
The substitute, adopted by the committee for
this section, was then read, as follows:
"That from and after the 30th day of June, 1851, all let-
ters carried in the mail shall be charged with postage as fol-
lows : Upon each letter not weighing over one half ounce,
three cents; and for each additional half ounce, or fraction
of an ounce, three cents: Provided, That no post office
now in existence shall be discontinued, nor shall the mail
service on any mail route in any of the States or Territories
be discontinued or diminished in consequence of any dimi-
nution of the revenue that mayjresult from this act: And
provided, farther That it shall be the duty of the Postmas-
ter General to establish new post offices and place the mail
service on new mail routes established, or that may hereaf-
ter be established, in the same manner as though this act
I had not been passed: And provided,further, That the cqm-
( pensation of no postmaster shall be diminished in conse-
i quence of the passage of this act."
j Mr. PHELPS demanded the yeas and nays;
. which were ordered.
Mr. CALDWELL, of Kentucky, desired to
make an inquiry of the Chair. He had offered an
i amendment in the Committee of the Whole, which
had been attached first to the first section of the
original bill, and then to the first section of the sub-
stitute. He wished to inquire whether, if the sub-
stitute were voted down by the House, his amend-
ment would not still be before the House, and coge
up with the original bill ?
The SPEAKER said, it will not. The Chair
does not know what has taken place in committee,
nor anything of the facts related by the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Caldwell,] (of which facts
he has no doubt.) The report of that committee
i is simply to recommend. If the copimittee, after
adopting the amendment of the gentleman from
Kentucky to the first section of the original bill,
subsequently struck out that section, the amend-
ment fell with it. Although the same amendment
had been attached to the substitute for the first
section, yet should the House non-concur in that
substitute, his amendment to the first section of the
original bill could not be resuscitated in the House.
1 The question before the House is as between the
substitute and the first section of the bill as it stood
1 prior to its reference to the committee.
Mr. McCLERNAND wished to make an in-
i quiry, with a view to regulating his vote by the
reply. I believe that the section under considera-
tion to be, first, to establish a uniform rate of post-
age; and, second, to provide for the non-reduction
of postal routes and mail service under the opera-
