1851.
THE CONGftfcSSIdNAL GLOBE.
269
would offer the following amendment, which he
desired to have printed:
Be it further eaacttd, That the regiment of the Arkan-
sas mounted volunteers, commanded by Colonel L. C.
Howell, which was raided at the call of Major General
Gaines, under authority of the Secretary of \Var, dated
May—, l&K, for ait inonttii'service on the southwestern
frontier, and which was regularly mustered into the service,
served the full term, and was paid and honorably dis-
charged, shall be considered as havin? been engaged in an
Indian war, and entitled to the benefit of the act of which
theee resolutions are explanatory*.
BILLS INTRODUCED OS LEAVfe.
Mr. GWIN, in pursuance of notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill to create a board
of commissioners for the examination and payment
of claims against the United States growing out of
the conquest of California; which was reaa a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
THE REVENUE VALUATION OF IMPORTS.
Mr. WINTHROP. I gave notice, some days
ago, Mr. President, of my intention to ask leave
to bring in a bill " to authorize the appointment
of appraisers at large, and for other purposes,"
and I am warned by the uncertainties of my posi-
tion here, that whatever I intend to do as a mem-
ber of this body, I may as well do without any
unnecessary delay. In presenting this bill, there-
- fore, with a view to its reference to the Committee
on Finance, I shall trust to the courtesy of the
Senate to indulge me in a very brief explanation
of its character and design.
There are those, sir, in both branches of Con-
gress, and I have reason to think they are not
a few, who believe that the best, interests of, the
country call for an early and substantial revision
of the existing tariff. I' profess myself to be one
of that number, and most happy should I be, if it
were permitted to me, while I liave the honor of a
seat here—be the time longer or shorter—tp co-
operate in the passage of a measure which is so
essential, in my judgment, to the permanent pros-
perity of the whole people. ;
1 have no belief that the evils under, which the
industry of the country, in so many of it* branches,
is now suffering, can be effectively remedied with-
out a return to a. system of specific and discrim-
inating duties—moderate in their amount, but. spe-
cific and discriminating in their character. Such
a remedy, however, I aip aware, it is not the, pre-
rogative of this body to originate, and I lef.ve it,
not without hope, to the more immediate repre-
sentative? of the people.
But there are evils in the present , system which
may be alleviated, if not cured, without,altering
either the character or the rate of the duties which ;
it imposes, and which are legitimately within the
original reach of either branch of Congress. The
losses and inequalities which result from false in-
voices, fraudulent appraisements, and intentional
or unintentional undervaluations, though they may
jwt be entirely prevented while a system of uni-
versal ad valorem duties, is maintained, may yet
Undoubtedly be checked and diminished , to a con-
siderable degree, by an obvious change in the ma-
chinery of collection, and by a somewhat more
material modification of the principle of valuation.
No one requires to be told that a system' of
ad valorem duties, like that under which our
whole revenue is collected, depends altogether
for its execution and efficiency upon honest and
accurate appraisements. In order to assess duties
fairly and equally upon the value of imported
goods, we must plainly determine, in the first
place, what the value of these goods really is.
This, as you well know, Mr. President, is thepe-
culiar function of the class of officers called ap-
praisers; and I need not say that it is a function
which requires great skill, long experience, unti-
ring vigilance, and the most scrupulous integrity. :
Now, it is a striking fact, that though all our
duties, without exception, are ad valorem duties,
and though our whole revenue system, unlike that
of any other commercial country on th'e face of
the globe, appeals thus directly and exclusively to
the intelligence, capacity, and vigilance of ap-
praisers, this class of officers is both less numer-
ous, less well-paid, and less systematically organ-
ized than any other, class in our custom-house ser- :
vice. There are, indeed, but seven ports in the
Union, or certainly on the Atlantic side of the
Union, in which there are any such persons known
to the law as appraisers, while in no less than
!, ninety-five ports the business is devolved contia-
!' gently upon officers appointed for other purposes.
!1 In New York there are two principal appraisers
i! at salaries of $2,000 each, and about twenty as-
| sistant appraisers with salaries varying from $1,200
to $600 each. In Philadelphia and Boston, there
are two principal appraisers at $1,500 each, and
two assistants at $1,200 each. At Baltimore,
Charleston, Savannah, and New Orleans, there
are two appraisers at $1,500 each. These are alt
which the law provides for in these principal ports,
or anywhere else, and it will be p'erceivea that
these appraisers, even in the large ports, who are
<alled on daily to exercise so great and delicate a
discretion, and who are subjected to sueh strong
temptations, receive only about the same annual
compensation with officers so far less responsible
and important as measurers, and weighers and
gangers.
There is, moreover, no mode provided for se-
curing any uniformity of action among appraisers
at the different ports. There is room for every
species both of individual inequality and of local
favoritism in the course which they pursue. ,The
constitutional guarantee, that no perference shall
be given to the ports of one State over those of
another, is virtually abrogated. Cargoes of the
same goods, shipped at uie same place, at the
same tune, and by the same houses, are entered
at Boston and Philadelphia, at New Orleans and
New York, at widely differfcnt valuations, andare
thus subjected to widely different rates of duty;
and everywhere goods of every sort are notorious-
ly admitted at appraisements far below their value.
The Treasury is thus deprived of no small share
of its rightful revenue, and the greatest encourage-
ment is held out to the unscrupulous and dishonest
importer. It ia a, well-known fact, that, under
these and other influences which I will not dwell
upon, three fourths, if not four fifths of our im-
porting business has been thrown into the hands
foreigners and their agants, and the American mer-
chant is almost shut out from what would have
seemed to be his legitimate and rightful sphere of
; employment.
I ■ But, Mr. President, there apt other and most in-
:; jurious influences upon our trade and navigation, ;
! as -well as upon our revenue, resulting from the
| j provisions of our existing laws in regard to valua-
; tion and appraisement, as those provisions have
: been recently construed by the legal tribunals of
, the land. Under a late decision of the circuit
couj-t of my own Commonwealth, imported goods
are tote appraised at their value at the time of
< their purchase, instead of at the time of their ex-
1 portation; and merchandise brought here from
! places other than those of its growth or produc-
tion, is to be appraised at its value at the time and «
at the place of its purchase. East India goods,
for example, brought here froth England, are to
be appraised at their value at the date of their pur-
chase in Calcutta or Canton. Now, in all places 1
within the limits of the East India Company's '
charter, goods shipped to other places than Eng-
land are charged with an export duty of four per
cent. It, of course, becomes the interest of buy- ,
esrs for this country to avoid this duty by shipping
them to England first, and by shipping them in
English vessels. And by the construction to which
I have referred, the duties are to be assessed en
what the goods cost in India, without including [
the cost of transportation or any of the intervening '
charges. Well, sir, it is a fact that nearly or quite '
one half of all the East India goods imported into
the United States are already brought here by the
way of Liverpool and London. And unless thi?
judicial decision is overruled in the court below us,
or its effect remedied by legislation here, the whole
■ of those products will come through that channel.
Great Britain will have the monopoly of the East
India trade, and her ships will have the carrying
of all East India goods for American consumption
for the long voyage of fifteen thousand miles, while
our ships will at most have the short voyage of
three thousand miles. The Treasury, moreover,
will be deprived of a large portion of the duties, !
which would otherwise be assessed on a fair val-
uation of those goods, and our own manufactur-
ers will lose no small part even of the meagre and
inadequate protection, which was intended to be ,
secured to them by the present tariff,
With a view, Mr. President, of correcting some
of the evils which I have thus imperfectly sug-'
gested, I have proposed in this bill, in the first
place, the appointment of three appraisers at
large, to superintend and equalize the valuation
ana appraisement of imported merchandise through-
out the Union under the direction of the Secretary
of the Treasury.
I owe it to Mr. Walker, the author of the pres-
ent tariff, to say that this measure was proposed
originally by htm, immediately after the tariff of
1846 went into operation, and as a necessary part
of that system. The, recommendation will be
found in a report of his to the Housa of Repre-
sentatives, dated February 8, 184T. This meas-
ure had also been recommended by Mr. Meredith
and by Mr. Corwin,in their annual reports of the
last and the present year. I believe it would be
of essential service both to commerce and to the
Treasury, and would do much to prevent those
inequalities and fraud's which are so great a source
of vexation and injustice to the merchant, and so
great a source of loss to the Government. A well-
constituted Board of Appraisers at large would
save the Treasury ten times—1 might better say
a hundred times—the amount of any salary which
you would be likely to assign them.
I have proposed, as a second feature of this biJL
a provision that duties shall hereafter be assesses
on the value of .imported goods here, at the time
of their arrival and entry. In other words, I have
introduced a principle pf Jj<jrhe.valuation,
I do not intend to discuss that principle at any
length "on this OjCCftsiqn., There are those around
me, far more capable of doing it justice, at th#
proper time., I will only. say. tyo things about it
here and now. In the first place,.it will do away
with the ,whofe mischief of fraudulent invoices,
and will strike at the root of that entire system of
imposition which is now notoriously practised
upon the Government by, unscrupulous foreign
importers and agents. Everybody sees this at a
glance. ,In.th'e second place, I desire to remind
the ^enate and the country, that, liome_ valuation
is neither, a new nor an Altogether untried provis-
ion in our revenue system, It cannot be forgotten
that.this principle was a,part, and a most substan-
tial part,,of the Compromise act of 1833. That
act provided, as its final consummation, for a uni-
form twenty per cent, qd valorem duty on a home
valuationr. And dyrfrig the brief peried which,
elapsed betwe^i the .final consummation of that
act and the pas4age ,qf the,tariff pf 1842, the home
valuation was successfully introduced and exe-
cuted. _ , ,   
The tariff of 1842 abolished the home valuation,
: but gave an equivalent ip specific and discrimina-
ting duties. But the tariff of 1846 .destroyed the
" eauiyaJent, without restoring the home valuation.
I nave no hesitation in expressing the opinion that
the twenty per centv ad val(frem on % home valua-
tionwvas better for th^.Treasury, better for trade,
and better for the industry, of the country,.than
, the insufficient and equivocal discriminations of
i the tariff of 1846 on a foreign valuation. I have
been no very ardent advocate, I confess, of com-
promises, either in 1833 or in 1850; but wisdom is
, justified of her children. And I freely admit that
, I should,be almost willing even to return to the
law of 1833> as it. was intended to be finally, car-
ried out by the distinguished Senator from Ken*
; tucky, [Mr. Clay,] rather than adhere to our
; present system as it is now executed. We have
! gone further and fared worse, or certainly no bet.
ter.
I will only add, in conclusion, sir, that these
measures, or something of, like effect, are, in my
i judgment, imperatively demanded at this moment
by the best interests, not of a section or of a class,
, but of the whole Union. The commerce and navi-
gation of the country demand them, for the preser-
, vation of its fair share in the carrying trade of the
' world. The labor of the country demands them
as a safeguard against an unfau- and dishonest
foreign competition. The public morality demands
them, for the suppression of those exhibitions of
false invoices and false oaths which our mstom-
i houses now so frequently present. And the Gov-
| ynment itself demands uiem, for the security and
! sufficiency of its rightful revenues. All these in-
terests will demand, as I think, at no distant day,
, m.easures of a still more decided and efficient char-
acter; but these seem to, be tlve very least which
they can dp with now; and I earnestly hope that
! the Committee on Finance, to whom I propose
I that the bill shall be referred, will give them a
prompt and favorable consideration.
