1831.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
271
under the imprssaion that we do not adjourn over,
who will come here to-morrow unless they see in
the papers thai this- motion is agreed to—if it
•fall to agreed to. If this motion should pre-
vail, it would show a fickleness on the part of
this body which I Tery much dislike to see. I
hope die motion will not prevail.
Mr. BADGER. Upon the call for the yeas and
nars just now, I understood the Presiding Officer
to say there were aeven members sustaining the
call. 1 nak now that those opposed to sustaining
the call may be counted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Walem
in the chair.) The Chair thinks that is not a proper
mode pt" getting at the yeas and nays.
Mr. BADGER. I wish to see whether seven
members are not one fifth of the number present.
I rait the Teas and nays again.
The CftAIR announced that six gentlemen rose
to sustain the call, which was not a sufficient num-
ber.
Mr. BADGER. Will the Chair do us the
kindness to count the number of Senators present ?
The CHAIR announced that thirty-two Sen-
ators were present, of which number six was not
one fifth; so that the yeas and nays were not or-
dered.
Mr. DOWNS. I more that the Senate now
adjourn.
Mr. HALE. I rise to a question of order. Is
a motion to adjourn in order, pending a motion to
fix the time to which the Senate shall adjourn?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Walm:«.)
Certainly; a motion to adjourn is always in order.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The motion of Mr. Maxccm was agreed to, on
a division—ayes 21, noes 15.
So it was ordered that when the Senate adjourns
to-day, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
And then, on motion of Mr. MANGUM, the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Sate boat, Jmmmnf 18,1851.
The House met at twelve o'clock. The Jour-
nal of yesterday having been read,
Mr. HO AG LAND rose and stated that his
name was erroneously recorded in the negative
on the the passage of the bill to reduce and modify
the rate of postage in the United States, and to
provide for the coinage of a three cent piece. He
Toted in the affirmative on said bill, and desired
to have the Journal so corrected.
There being no objection, it was ordered that
the Journal be corrected.
Mr. MORSE called attention to the fact that
his name was recorded in the published proceed-
ings, on both sides of the question on the pas-
sage of that bill. He had voted in the negative.
He inquired how his name was recorded on the
Journal?
The SPEAKER stated that the name of the
gentleman was recorded in the negative on the
Journal.
THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the rules be suspended,
and the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, on the special
order, the deficiency bill.
Mr. HOAGLAND stated that he was recorded
in the Journal of yesterday as having voted in the
negative on the postage bill, he having really voted
in the affirmative. He asked that the Journal
might be corrected.
The SPEAKER stated that it would not change
the result of the vote, and that if there was no ob-
jection the Journal would be corrected. - Agreed
to.
Mr. DANIEL loped that the motion of the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Batlt] would not
prevail, but that the House would agree to the
pending motion—the one made on yesterday by
him, (Mr. D.,) that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the private calendar.
The House had done little or nothing on the pri-
vate calendar this session.
Mr. MARSHALL hoped the House would
take up for consideration, the bill for the relief of
Charlotte Lynch, which was postponed at the
close of the last session of Congress with the dis-
tinct understanding that it would be disposed of
early this session.
The SPEAKER stated that the pending ques-
tion before the House was on the motion ot the
gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Daniel,]
that the House resolve itself into Committee of
the Whole on the private calendar. The gentle-
. man from Virginia [Mr. Batlt] had moved that
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, on the deficien-
cy bill, and that being a special order, the ques-
tion would be first upon the motion of the gentle-
man from Virginia.
The question was taken on Mr. Batlt '■ mo-
tion, and it was not agreed to.
The question then recurred on Mr. Daniel's
motion.
Mr. MARSHALL called for tellers, and they
were ordered.
The question was taken by tellers (Messrs.
Beooki and Venable acting) and decided in the
affirmative—ayes 74, noes 47.
So the rules were suspended, and the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
private calendar, (Mr. Disnet, of Ohio, in the
Chair.)
JOSEPH D. WARD.
The first bill in order was bill No. 85, being "A
bill for the relief of Joseph D. Ward." After the
reading of the report, the bill was laid aside to be
reported to the House with a recommendation
that it do pass.
BAUDOUIN AND ROBERTS.
The next bill in order was No. 91, being " A
bill for the relief of A. Baudouin and A. D. Rob-
erts, of the city of New Orleans.
Mr. THOMAS rose and said: Mr. Chairman,
I move that that bill be laid aside to be reported
to the House with a recommendation that it do
not pass, and by way of sustaining that motion,
I merely wish to put the committee in possession
of the (acts of the ease.
It is a case of this sort: A flat-boat, loaded with
ice—the property of the claimants—was lying at a
wharf in the city of New Orleans, and the steamer
" Colonel Harney," which was under the control
of the Quartermaster's Department, coming to the
same wharf, struck) against the flat-boat, and the
report says, and the petition also says, it sank im-
, mediately. The facts of the case are all in the
| proof contained in the record which is here before
j us. The owners of the flat-boat took out a pro-
: cess against the United States, and they proceed-
ed to take proof before the district court of the
United States at New Orleans, the district attor-
ney of the United States being present to cross-
examine the witnesses.
But a demurrer was filed, and the court dis-
missed the proceeding because the suit could not
lie against the United States. Now, that record is
brought up here, and it is entirely made up of tes-
timony examined on the part of the complainants
—the owners of the boat. There was not a single
witness introduced on the part of the Government,
and there is not a single witness, out of ten or a
dozen, who sustains tne facts set forth in the pe-
tition. The petition says that the boat sank im-
mediately, but the testimony shows this fact: that
the accident occurred between five and six o'clock
in the afternoon, and that the boat did not sink
until some time next'day. It is further proved,
that though the boat did not sink until the next
day, they did not usg the pumps until the next
morning; and one witness says that they com-
menced taking out the ice that night, but how
. much they got out he does not know.
I will not detain the committee by reading the
whole of the proof, but I will give a few extraets
from the testimony, and I hope the committee will
bear in mind that this is the evidence of the peti-
tioners' witnesses. These are the facta that they
prove:
" Jobn Barbas, witness for the petitioner!, said: The ac-
cident occurred about five or six o'clock, p. m. 8atr them
pumping about five o'clock next marning."
Two other witnesses corroborate this.
" Favors ttate* die boat commenced sinking immediately
after the collision, and two or three hours after cargo was
under water; about a foot and a half of the boat waa visible
next morning; does not know whether they pumped during
the night; the boat gradually rank from thetime of the col-
lision ; saw some measures taken and efforts made to save
i the cargo of the flat-boat, and (hese were taken both before
and after the collision."
| Now, how could they make efforts to save the
: cargo before the collision as well as after? It is
I strange, too, that, zealous as they were to save the
| cargo, they made no efforts to save it during the
whole of the night after the collision.
u Witnett taw a great quantity of the ice taken off, but
qualified the expression immediately by saying a tolerable
quantity.
" John Barbae, recalled, stated the cargo might have teen
taveJ.
" I.ind, for petitioners, states he went onboard soon after
collision, and the boat was leaking freely. Saw pumps
rigged next morning, but boat lost notwithstanding.
''Jean Favis. They worked about one hour and a half
the evening of Uie collision, and recommenced next morn-
ing."
How much labor was expended upon it? The
witness says that they labored at the pumps for
an hour and a half the evening after the collison,
but it seems they deferred any further labor until
the following morning. Here is the whole record.
If I had time I "would read it to the committee,
but I think it is unnecessary, for by their own
witnesses, they make out clearly that they could
have saved the cargo if they had made proper
efforts. The collision was the result of unavoid-
able accident, and of no fault on the part of those
in command- of the boat.
Then, sir, the question might be raised, how far
those in charge or the steamer at the time of the
accident could be liable for the damage done by
the collision. It is necessary to make a distinc-
tion where the true line is to be drawn. They
could probably have put the cargo upon the wharf
in two hours after the accident occurred, but they
delayed it until the next day. Under these cir-
cumstances, I say that there is not a court in the
United States that would make those who had
charge of the steamer at the time the accident hap-
pened, pay for the whole of the cargo. I insist,
therefore, that in equity and justice, the All ought
to be laid aside to be reported to the House with
a recommendation that it do not pass.
Mr. BURT, (interposing.) I desire to ask the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Thomai]—for I
really have been unable to learn from his state-
ment—whether the steamer belonged to the United
States, or was only in the employment of the
Quartermaster General ?
Mr. THOMAS. I believe that she was in the
employment of the United States, and under the
command of United States officers.
Mr. BURT. £ should then be venr glad to hear
| the gentleman indicate what principle would sub-
j ject the United States to liability under these cir-
! cumstances.
Mr. THOMAS. I think that the United States
is not liable. That is the very ground which I
have been taking; but it is unnecessary to inquire
how far the United States would be liable, as the
facts of the case do not support the claim, even if
-the United States was liable.
Mr. NELSON called for the reading of the re-
port of the committee.
The Clerk rea'd the report of the committee ac-
companying the bill.
Mr. NELSON said: I desire, as a member of
the committee which reported this bill, to say a
few words in answer to the suggestion of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Thomas,] in oppo-
sition to the passage of the bill, that this case has
been before the district court of the United States
at New Orleans and been dismissed. The gentle-
man ought to have informed the committee that
the case was not dismissed on the ground that the
claim had no merit, but simply upon the ground
,1 that the United States could not be sued, and that
the court had no jurisdiction in the case inasmuch
as the United States was the defendant in the case.
, Well, sir, that is no argument why Congress
I should not allow the claim. On the contrary, it is
an argument in favor of the allowance of the claim,
because here we have power to give the claimants
redress and remuneration for their losses.
Now, sir, it would hardly be proper for me to
detain the committee by having all the evidence in
this case read, but I may say that it appears from
j a fair and impartial view of the evidence, that the
| j Colonel Harney, in coming into the wharf where
the flat boat lay, did run into and cause the destruc-
tion of that boat, and that it was the result either
j of gross carelessness on the part of those who had
. command of the Colonel Harney, or else of great
want of skill. As one of the members of the com-
! mittee who investigated the case, I think it proper
j to state, that that is the fair inference to be drawn
from all the testimony in the case fairly consid-
(' ered, and without garbling it to favor either side.
