THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.-—TERMS $1 50 FOR THIS SESSION.
31sr Congress., 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 22, 1851.
New Series—No, 18.
its oars, and lay moored at the wharf under the
protection of our lavs, in the place appointed for
it by the harbor master. "While lying there, it is
run into voluntarily by the steamboat, for it could
have avoided the collision.
The Unitetf States have no right in that case to
plead their trespasses in their own wrong. They
nare committed a tort agaiast the peaceful occu-
pants of that boat. They are responsible, even if
laches could not be proved. You know, and every
member of this House knows, that a cargo of ice
landed at New Orleans, in a tropical climate, in a
boat, into which the water was running after the
collision, being an article of such precarious na-
ture, could not be saved, and that it would be
more difficult to save it under such circumstances
than almost any other kind of property, if a
man set fire to my house, he cannot shield him-
self by saying, that I might have gotten the furni-
ture out sooner. He is bound to indemnify me,
though I did not move an inch to save my prop-
erty.
But I have already occupied the time of this
committee longer than I intended. I would say
in conclusion, that it is a case which recommends
itself for its equity and justice to the favorable
consideration of this House. It comes here with
the evidence which has been .taken by the United
States contradictorily with the claimant, and is
not a made-up case. Nor is it one involving thou-
sands of dollars, where hundreds of chums-agents
are interested in getting it allowed. It is a case
where worthy merchants are interested, who were
engaged in the lawful enterprise of shipping a
cargo of ice. The boat which they employed for
that purpose, having been run into and injured by
the voluntary act of a Government vessel, to the
entire loss of the cargo, the laches is clearly not to
be attributed to them, but to the Government ves-
sel. Having established the facts, which prove
the blame to be wholly upon the part of the steam-
boat, they demand redress for the injuries they
have sustained at the hands of the United States.
The committee have submitted all the facts in this
matter, that the case might be fairly presented to
the House. The testimony which has been given
in the case has been thoroughly examined, and it
has satisfied every member of the committee. It
will satisfy every man who looks at the case im-
partially, and I leave it with entire confidence to
' the justice of this House.
Mr. NELSON asked for the reading of the de-
position.
Some conversation took place between Mr. Nel-
son and Mr. MiLLsaur as to Vho were the plain-
tiffs in the case, which was entirely inaudible to
the Reporter.
The depositions «f the witnesses were then read,
as follow:
Biddooiii fc Rob ert «. United States.
Evidence taken before N. S. Jennings, United States
commissioner in this e**ae, the United States district attor-
ney, and the proctors for libeHant being present.
John Barbas, witness for the defendants, being duly sworn,
states that heis master of the brig Columbia, a vessel laying
in the first municipality between St. Louis and Toulouse
streets; witness was on board hiB vessel when the collision
between the flat-boat and the steamer Colonel Harney,
Captain Wool, occurred, which took place about five or
six o'clock, p. m. The steamer was running with consid-
erable power towards the wharf, when she struck against
the flat-boat, then laying alongside the outside vessel, ves-
sel's name not recollected, striking her on her broadside ;
the jar of the collision was so great that it parted the stern
tine of the witness's vessel; witness in consequence went
out and then observed the damage done by the steamer to
the flat-boat, the broadside of which was opened by the
violence of the concussion; and he asked one of the men
on the boat if the steamer had done them that injury? who
replied that it had; when witness advised them to haul into
the wharf, to be saved from sinking; the flat-boat was then
bauled in from the outside to the shore, and the men were
engaged in Hipping three pumps riggsd for the purpose.
Witness asken the reason why so many pumps were rigged ?
and the Captain of the flat-boat told him, that she was now
balf full of water, and it required so many to keep iter from
sinking. The cargo of the flat-boat, as far as witness could
see, consisted ofice. Witness states that Robert, the captain
of the flat-boat, did all that lay in his power to save tile tee
but unsuccessfully; the whole of the cargo being destroyed!
Witness states that it was about five o'clock the next
morning after the collision, when he observed the pumps as
above mentioned.
. 18
Cross-examined by the district ittnw, (S. W. Dowtu.)
Witness states, that at the time of the collision, the steamer
was running into the wharf, to what he supposed to be her
stopping-place. There was light enough, witness thinks,
for the captain of the steamer to have seen tfce flat-boat
witbou difficulty; the steamer was coming up the river at
the time. Witness states, that when she ran into the wharf,
alter striking the flat-boat, she also struck against the steamer
McKi*.
Paul Favans being sworn, corroborated the statements
made by the captain, John Barbee.
Cross-examined by the district attorney—Witness saw
the flat-boat after the collision about 5 o'clock, when the
beat appeared to be sinking—states that they were pumping
that evening on the flat-boat, and the next morning when
there appeared to be three pumps at work. The boat com-
menced .^inking immediately after the collision, and two or
three hours after the shock, the whole cargo was under water
-~aboutafootandahalf fthe flat-boat the next morning was
visible—they had been pumping before, but when thus low
they ceased pumping. Witness can't state the hour when
they were pumping the next morning; it might have been
about 9 o'clock; does not know whether they pumped during
the night. The boat gradually sunk from the time of the collis-
ion until she was within a foot and a half of the surface of the
water as before stated; she sunk no deeper after that; states
that be saw some measures taken, and efforts made to save
the cargo of the flat-boat; tlis^e measures were taken both
belbre and after the collision. These measures were to
senator people and carts; that previous to the collision
they went on board to get some hawsers; after the collision
the people and the carts were sent for, and they came about
half an hour after the collision, and the pumps were then at
work. Witness saw a great quantity of the ice taken off;
but qualified the expression immediately alter by saying a
tolerable quantity. Witness did not see them at work du-
ring the night, not having paid any attention; did not hear
of their working, daring the night.
Mr. THOMAS moved that the bill be laid aside
to be reported to the House, with a recommenda-
tion that it do not pass. •
Mr. DANIEL moved that the bill be laid aside
to be reported to the House, with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
The question was first taken on the motion qf
Mr. Thomas, and it was disagreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be laid aside to be
reported to the House, with a recommendation that
it do pass.
Mr. MORSE asked if gentlemen had not voted
under a misapprehension? He thought the ques-
tion was not well understood.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion of the gentle-
man from Tennessee has been decided to be dis-
agreed to, and the bill has been laid aside. If gen-
tlemen hare voted under a misapprehension, it is
now too late to change their votes.
Mr. SWEETSER. Mr. Chairman, I voted
upon a misapprehension upon that motion.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair regrets that gen-
tlemen have voted under a misapprehension upon
this motion, but, as he has before stated, it is jiow
too late to return to it.
8ATI.ES J. BOWEN.
Bill No. 92, being a bill for the relief of Sayles
J. Bowen next came up in order.
There being no objection, the bill was ordered
to be laid aside to be reported to the House, with
the recommendation that it pass.
DANIEL STEENROD.
Bill No. 94, being a bill for the relief of Daniel
Steenrod next came up in order.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the bill be laid aside
to be reported to the House, with the recommend-
ation that it do pass.
The CHAIRMAN stated that if there was no
objection, the bill would be so disposed of without
a motion.
Mr. GIDDINGS inquired whether these claim-
ants had not already received compensation for
their claims?
Mr. THOMAS. I would remark that the gen-
tleman who reported this bill [Mr. Hubbard] is
now very ill, and, therefore, the circumstances rel-
ative to the case cannot be stated as fully as he
would state them if he were present; but I will
say that he expended a great deal of labor upon
tlus case; that h« examined it with so much care,
and made out the report so clearly, that I believe
not a single member of the committee objected to
it. But as it was impossible for the committee to
ascertain the precise amount to which the claimant
was entitled, they have reeommended no specific
sum, but recommend that it shall not exceed
$4,000.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I know that I am not well
acquainted with this case. In fact, I think there
is but4bne man in the country who'ever un-
derstood it well; that man is the Hon. Mr. Rus-
sell, of New York, who investigated this case fully
twelve years ago. He is the only man who I ever
i thought investigated the case fully. I wish t§ state
, to the committee that they will find there is a vol-
j ume of more than twelve hundred pages relating
i to this case. It is more than thirty years since
< this case w'as first investigated by a commissioner
■ and a report made upon it. That report, with all
| the testimony, and every report that has been made
I since, has been preserved.
1 I happened to pay seme attention to the case
. some years since, and from my recollection _com-
j pensation has already been allowed the claimant
[ at several different times. I will again say that I
| do not profess td understand the case fully, and,
i in my opinion, no member of this House nor
any other man does or ever did understand it.
But from my own recollection we have paid at
different periods extra compensation to the amount
of several thousand dollars. This, sir, is ray im-
pression. It is a case which requires more con-
sideration than we shall be able to give it by this
hasty disposal. I think k ought to lie over for
further consideration before it is disposed of.
Mr. DANIEL. Mr. Chairman, if the gentle-
man will permit me to interrupt him, I will explain
how this matter stands. I will say, in the com-
mencement of my remarks, that I do not profess
to have examined this case very thoroughly my-
self. But I know that it has been examined with
much care by the honorable gen^nan who re-
ported it, [Mr. Hubbard.] Sir^^I have been
a member of the Committee of Claims, this case
has more than once been before that committee;
and I believe they have given it so thorough an.
examination that there can be little doubt in the
case now. I believe the great obstacle to this
claim heretofore, which has operated upon the
committee since I have been a member of it, and
which, perhaps, has heretofore operated upon
Congress, was some transactions that took place
during the investigation to which the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Giddings] alludes. There was a
commissioner appointed by Secretary Rush—I do
not recollect the year—to take testimony in the
cases of men by the name of Sheppard & Steen-
rod. Sheppard was the principal contractor in
the case—Steenrod was only a sub-contractor.
The Secretary of the Treasury sent a commis-
sioner, I think by the name of Thompson, to
Wheeling to examine witnesses, take testimony,
and report the facts to the Treasury Department.
It seems, from the statement which was made,
that Mr. Steenrod and Mr. Sheppard were very
anxious to have their claims adjusted before Con-
gress during its then session, if it should become
necessary. There was an arrangement made be-
tween Mr. Sheppard and Mr. Stpenrod, that Mr.
Steenrod should withdraw his claim. Mr. Thomp-
son 
A voice. Mr. Collier.
Mr. DANIEL. Very well. Mr. Collier—I
believe that is the name. Mr. Collier stated that
he understood it as a withdrawal of all demands,
and a relinquishment of all claims against the
United States. It was probably made in consid-
eration that the demand of Sheppard should take
its chance before Congress. Sheppard's claim I
believe was adjusted and paid. This is the state-
ment which has been before the committee, and
which has operated against the adjustment of this
claim.
The gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Hubbard,]
who, as my friend from Tennessee [Mr. Thomas]
has remarked, is somewhat noted for his habit of
close investigation, has brought forward proof,
embodied in nis report, to this effect: He states that
Mr. Steenrod hall declared that this was onlv a
temporary arrangement with Mr. Sheppard; that
it was not designed by him to be a relinquishment
of his demand. He felt himself at liberty to bring
