274
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 18,
it forward and urge it upon the consideration of t j
fit iuiy time. His atloi nt?vt (\Tr.
C hatpin,^ a man wli-  was represented by Mr.
Clay, and some other distinguished politicians, to
l„, a 'distinguished attorney, and of high charac-
ter smted that he understood such to be the na-
ture of the withdrawal of this claim. Several
others have testified to the same effect. Though
this has been the chief obstacle to the adjustment
of this claim, I think the weight of the evidence
is in favor of Mr. Steenrod. ^
Mr. HUNTER, (interposing.) Will The gen-
tleman from North Carolina [Mr. Daniel] permit
me to ask him if this claim of Mr. Steenrod was
not embodied in that qf Mr. Slieppard, when that
was presented to Congress?
Mr. DANIEL, (resuming.) That is the point
I was going to arrive at presently. I was proceed-
ing to s>v, I think the weight of evidence is in
favor of tlie statement made by Mr. Steenrod. All
the witnesses testify they so understood it, and no
one, I believe, testifies to the contrary t>ut Mr. i
Collier, and perhaps one other.
Now, in answer to the gentleman's inquiry:
The claim of Mr. Steenrod,It seems, was not ad-
justed in that of Mr. Sheppard. A statement has
"been pbtained from the Treasury Department, from
which it appears Mr. Steenrod s claim was not in-
cluded in the demand of Mr. Sheppard.
Mr. HUNTER. Will the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Daniel] permit me to ask if
Sheppard was not the original contractor of the
whole line?
Mr. DANIEL. He was. Mr. Steenrod was
only a subcontractor.
Mr. HUNTER. Was not Sheppard's Remand
a demand for the whole amount?
Mr. DANIEL. It was not. This point has
been clearly established by the statement from the
Treasury Department and by the evidence in the
case, as I understand it.
I confess I have heretofore been disposed not to
favor this claim, oil account of the withdrawal of
it by Mr. SMwrod, and the apprehension that it
might have IibR embraced in Sheppard's demand;
but the investigation which has taken place be-
fore the present committee has relieved me from
rny difficulties in relation to it, and I expect to vote
for the bill.
There is another fact which has had some influ-
ence on the case. It is this: Mr. Steenrod, while
the matter was under consideration, being very ;
anxious to get something for his claim', did pro- j
pose, at one time, to accept some $1,800 and odd,
I think $1,822 50, as payment in full for his de-
mand. The gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. |
Hcbbard,] in whose judgment I have great con- |
fidence, has bad his attention turned to this point, j
and has brought forward proof which entirely re-
lieves the case from difficulty on this point. He
has made a personal examination of all the points
arising in the case, and has come to the conclusion
that t'.iere is justly due to the claimant something
more than the amount which Steenrod proposed
to accept. The committee have therefore reported
the bill to the House, fixing and limiting the amount
at §4,900 dollars, something like the true amount
supposed to be due. This is the explanation I
h.'ive to give of the matter.
Mr. GIDDINGS was understood to ask if we
have not already passed a bill to pay this elaim?
Mr. DANIEL. I am not aware that we have.
Mr. BAYLY. Mr. Chairman, I have but a
remark to make in reference to this claim. I
looked into it with considerable care several years
ao-o, and am satisfied in my own mind of its cor-
rectness. I have no doubt in the matter. But if
I had not examined it myself, the character of the
gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Hubbard,] by
whom this bill was reported, the chairman of the
Committee of Claims, [Mr. Daniel,] and the char-
acter of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Thomas,] who stands second on this committee—
the character of these three men for rigid economy
in all matters of this kind, the difficulty there is in
getting them to go for any bill of this character,
and their uniform' habit of always finding objec-
tions to all bills of this character, is conclusive
evidence, if they have brought in a report in favor
of the claim, that it is a just one.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Mr. Chairman, I do not
think the members of this committee understand
the merits of this claim sufficiently to act upon it
in this hasty manner. With a view, therefore, of
giving time for members to inform themselves in i;
relation to it, I move that the further consideration
of this bill be postponed till this day two weeks.
Mr. BAYLY. If the committee adopt this mo-
tion, it will be the end of it for the present session.
It will be equivalent to its rejection.
Mr. Chairman, this claim has been before Con-
gress for many years. It has been investigated
by the three gentlemen to whom I have referred,
and they have reported in its favor. It is limited
to $4,900. Now, the interest on the claim for the
long period it has been due will amount to more
than that sum. I beg, therefore, that the com-
mittee will not acquiesce in the motion of the gen-
tleman from Ohio.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the bill be laid
aside to be reported to the House, with a recom-
mendation that it do not pass.
I have no objection, Mr. Chairman, to this bill
being passed over for the present, in order that it
may have hereafter further and fuller consider-
ation, but if it is to be pressed upon us at this time,
I shall certainly vote against it.
It is an old acquaintance, sir—one that has ac-
quired, too, some notoriety. Years ago, when I
first came here, tt was before Congress, and was
then an ancient claim. It has been pending and :
brought up from time to yme, I think, if I recol-
lect aright its history, since about 18:26. In more
modern times, I had with others to vote against
it, session after session, until we contracted a habit
of doing so, and then for some time we heard no
more of it. But now again, after a sleep of some
two or three years, it has revived again, and seems
to be urged with some favor, and under brighter
auspices.
There have been many reports by committees
made on this claim at different times, and some
of them, I know, adverse reports, strongly ad-
versew I have within the last few minutes, hear-
ing the familiar old name announced again, sent to
the library for copies of some of the reports. I
shall have them to refer to presently, and if this
bill is to be considered at this time, will ask the
attention of the committee to some of their con-
tents. I do not recollect now the particular facts
which have been disclosed in the case, but it will
be found that there is a considerable amount of
testimony on record, involving also charges and
proofs of fraud against the applicant, for wiiose re-
lief this bill is reported. I will not undertake to
aver that such frauds actually existed or were
committed, but I do know that such has been in
part the ground upon which this claim hijs been
opposed, and hitherto successfully opposed and
defeated year after year—yes, for at least two de-
cades, if not longer I think you may trace it
. back from its present staleness, for about a quar-
ter of a century. Now certainly it is not proper,
upon ordinary principles of economy and prudent
legislation, that we should be hurried into the pas-
sage of a bill allowing such a claim without fur-
ther opportunity of examination, or some assu-
rance that it comes to us upon a better footing than
of old.
I understood the honorable member of the Com-
mittee of Claims [Mr. Thomas] to. admit that
the present report was based upon an examination
made by only one member of that committee, and
that the rest of the committee were disposed to
concur in his decision, without further investiga-
tion. I do not complain of this, for I know how
impossible it would be for each member of a com-
mittee to fully investigate for himself every sub-
ject that is to be considered and reported on, and
that it is but the ordinary practice in committees
in ordinary cases. But I would have preferred to
have the opinion of the whole committee, or a ma-
jority of them at least, upon an old and long-pend-
ing and disputed claim like this.
I am not disposed, at any rate, like the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,] to pin my faith so
implicitly upon the recommendation of the Com-
mittee of Claims, especially when that report is so
different from others which have been made upon
the same case in times past. Admitting that the
present report had been based upon examinations
made by all the members of that committee, and
not denying to those gentlemen any of that credit
for rigid scrutiny and economy which he attributes
to them, still there is strong authority and prece-
dent the other way. One of those early adverse
reports will be found to have been made by a for-
I mer member of this House from my own State,
long a distinguished chairman of the Committee
of Claims, and known throughout the Union by
his well-established reputation for habits of labo-
rious and patient investigation, strict economy, and
integrity. It will he understood that I allude to
to Khsha Whittlesey. Another, and perhaps e\ en
a fuller and more elaborate report against the claim
was made, I remember, by Mr. Russell, another
most excellent and capable gentleman, as 1 have
always understood.
So I will set reports against report, and commit-
tee against committee, as far as thaweight of au-
thorities is to go.
I repeat, if this bill must be voted upon at the
present time, with such light as I have, and recol-
lection of its history and merits, [ shall vote
against it; but I am willing it should lie over. I
have submitted the motion that it be laid aside
with a recommendation to the House that it do
not pass; but that motion 1 am ready to with-
draw, in order to give the bill such further chance
and consideration as its friends may desire, if they
will consent to the postponement.
Mr. BOWLIN. Pending that motion, is it in
order to amend the bill, so that it might be made
acceptable to the committee?
The CHAIRMAN. It would not be in order.
Mr. SCHENCK. If the gentleman wishes to
make an amendment to the bill I will withdraw
my motion.
Mr. BOWLIN. This claim is an old acquaint-
ance of mine. A bill was reported upon the case
in 1843, I think, by the Committee of Claims, of
which I was a member, and the amount reported
at that time was a good deal less than the sum
now asked for. I do not understand how the
margin in this bill has grown so wonderfully
above the compensation asked for at that time.
In the report we made we estimated, from the best
light 'we had upon the subject, that there was
something like eighteen hundred or two thousand
dollars due the claimant. The report limited the
amount not to exceed $2,000, that sum we thought
being a sufficient margin to cover the claim.
Mr. DANIEL. If the gentleman will permit
me, I will explain how the matter stands. There
has been something like a limit, which has been
fixed upon by the committee. I do not know how
it has originated. It may be from the statements
which have been made before the committee, that
there was something due—they could not tell ex-
actly how much. They, therefore, agreed to limit
; it to that amount, because Steenrod had agreed to
take eighteen hundred and some odd dollars. The
I gentleman [Mr. Hubbard] who was intrusted by
j the Committee of Claims to examine into this sub-
| ject, who has been before alluded to, and who
is now absent from his seat on account of indispo-
sition, has made a personal examination upon the
, points arising in this case, and he has come to the
} conclusion that therf is justly due something more
I than the amount which Steenrod proposed to ac-
| cept. He has, therefore, thought it no more than
1 fair and just in reporting the bill (which the com-
mittee has recommended, and which has just been
reported to the House,) to place that limit at
$4,900. j
Mr. BOWLIN. I think, Mr. Chairman, that
the claim has been debated long enough, and we
should dispose of the matter now. If the case is
not disposed of at the present time, in all human
probability it will never be settled satisfactorily;
for if we do not dispose of it ourselves it will
come up before another Congress, to whom the
matter will be entirely new, and, of course, not
being familiar with the merits of the case, as we
are, t-hey will be unprepared and unwilling to act
upon it. 1 am anxious to dispose of the matter
now, put the case upon its appropriate footing,
and pass the bill. That is the object of my mo-
tion. It is due to state, as suggested by the gen-
tleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Daniel,] the
chairman of the committee, that this amount, to
some extent, may have been founded upon the
statement as set forth by Mr. SteenrotL in which he
claims the amount of eighteen liundrOTor nineteen
hundred dollars. The committee, who went into an
investigation of this claim, concurred in agreeing
to about that amount, not exceeding the sum of
two thousand dollars. That was the report of the
committee in that year. The particulars of that
report I do not now distinctly recollect, only the
leading portions of it. *1 recollect that it passed
tha committee after a thorough examination in
