1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
275
that form, and I believed it was right. From my 1
own experience upon the committee, I believed I
the amount agreed upon was just and right. Be- [
tiering so, I am anxious that my amendment |
should be adopted and the bill pass without any j
trouble. •!
I will suggest to my honorable friend from •
North Carolina [Mr. Daniel] that there is no bet-
ter criterion under the heavens to ascertain the
maximum of a man's claim than his own setting
up. It is an extremely difficult matter for the
committee, when a man offers to take a certain
amount as a settlement of his claim, to go to work
and search, in order to see whether they could
find more. The presumption is that the amount
claimed is the best criterion of the amount due.
I recollect that the amount was §1,800, or some-
thing like that—I do not recollect precisely what.
And I recollect further, that the claim was thor-
oughly discussed. The honorable gentleman from
Georgia (Mr. Stephens] was on the committee
at the time. It was discussed and investigated
thoroughly, and the conclusion to which we came
upon the assertions of the claimant and the evi-
dence that was brought forward, was, that the
amount due was somewhere between $1,800, §1,900
or t«2,00G. I think we reported a bill limiting the
amount to £2,000. In accordance with the mo-
tion to limit the amount to §2,000 in the commit-
tee, I now move to limit the amount by offering
an amendment to that effect.
Mr. DANIEL. Byway of compromise, I will
move an amendment to the .amendment already
proposed. The committee have reported in favor
of a larger amount than that asked by the claimant
himselfl The gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Bowlin] has moved to amend that by inserting
$2,000, and I will move to amend that by inserting
$2,500.
The question being taken on Mr. Daniel's
amendment it was not agreed to; and the question
recurred on Mr. JBowlin's amendment, to strike
$4,900 and insert £2,000; which was'agreedto.
Mr. MARSHALL moved that the committee
rise, with the view of getting to some bills in the
House.
Mr. DANIEL hoped that the gentleman would
not press his motion, as he trusted the committee '
would pass upon several more bills before rising. !
Mr. MARSHALL persisted in his motion.
Mr. HUNTER hoped the gentleman would
withdraw his motion, to enable him to make a mo-
tion in reference to the bill.
Mr. SCHENCK inquired whether, if the com-
mittee rose, the bill would be reported to the
House ?
The CHAIRMAN stated that if the committee
rose, unless otherwise ordered, the bill would be
reported to the House.
Mr. SCHENCK said he desired to submit a
motion to postpone the bill.
Mr. MARSHALL said he would withdraw his
motion until the bill had been passed upon.
Mr. SCHENCK moved that the bill be laid
aside, to be reported to the House .with the rec-
ommendation that it do not pass.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MARSHALL then renewed his motion
that the committee rise, and called for tellers on
taking the question.
The question being taken by tellers, (Messrs.
Corwin and Sweetser acting,) was decided in
the negative—ayes 57, noes 61.
So the committee refused to fise.
WILLIAM J. PRICE.
The next bill in order was House bill No. 98,
being a bill for the relief of William J. Price.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, moved that the bill be
reported to the House, with a recommendation that
it do pass.
The reading of the report was called for.
Mr. COBB stated that there was no report, but
that if it was the pleasure of the committee he
would make a brief statement of the facts of the
case. In 1844 this case was brought before the
House by his (Mr. C.'s) predecessor, and was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs; that
committee reported in favor of the allowance of the ]
claim, and every committee that had had the case
under consideration since that time, had reported
favorably upon it. He had learned from his pre-
decessor that the bill had been lost in 1844 for want
of time. He hoped that the committee would pass
upon the matter at once, and dispose of it without
further delay, as he believed it to be a highly mer-
itorious claim.
Mr. CARTTER understood that there was no
i report in this case, but if the gentleman from Ala-
bama was in possession of the particulars of the
case, he should be pleased to hear them.
Mr. COBB replied, that he should be happy to
inform the gentleman from Ohio of the particulars
of the case, but he was unwilling to trespass on
the attention of the committee, if they were already
satisfied of the justice of the claim.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to
the House with a recommendation that it do pass.
CHRISTOPHER H. PTX.
The next bifl in order was House bill No. 101,
being "a bill for the relief of Christopher H. Pix."
Mr. DANIEL said he should be pleased if any
gentleman who .was familiar with the facts of the
case would give the committee some information
respecting them.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, said: I shall
trouble the committee with but a few words in re-
lation to this case. The facts are these: The
marshal, under the directions of the United States
district court, rented from the gentleftian who
makes this claim a building in which the court
might be held (they then being without a room) .
until they were otherwise provided for by the j
State or by Government. A regular contract was |
entered into with that gentleman by the marshal.
The rent was not paid, on account of the marshal
going out of office before the expiration of the last
quarter. The amount of rent was, however, cer-
tified by the proper officer to be correct. It is
for the payment of this amount contracted for
under the authority of Government, that this bill
is now reported. I move that it be laid aside and
reported to the House with a recommendation
that it do pass. *
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
ROBERT DAVIDSON.
The next bill in order was House bill No. 104,
being "A bill for the relief of Robert Davidson."
Mr. DUNHAM moved that it be laid aside, j
| with a recommendation that it do not pass. There
! is, I think, (said Mr. D.,) an important principle
J j involved in the case. I call for the reading of the
! report.
I1 The Clerk read the report.
Mr. DUNHAM said: This is, I conceive, Mr.
Chairman, an important bill, involving a prin«i-
| pie, in which many persons who have bought or
j1 may contemplate the purchase of lands in the
! western country are interested. Lands .have fre-
| quently, as in the present case, been inadvertently
sold or given away by Government that have
been already occupied, and for which, consequent-
ly, no title or patent could be issued; and from
this many frauds have arisen.
The case appears to be this: Pease bought two
tracts of land of Government, the money for
, which he paid, and received in return the proper
receipts, but which receipts gave him no title to
the land. The land" was already occupied, the
preemption right of the person thus occupying
being afterwards confirmed. Pease having obtained
his receipts, sells the land to Davidson, delivering
to him at the same time these receipts, Davidson
paying him, knowing that Pease had no patent or
title whatever. Pease afterwards discovered that
the land was already occupied, and that Govern-
; ment could not have issued him a patent for it,
and goes to the land office and receives the money
that he had paid for the land, and which he had
already received from Davidson; the money being
paid him without his producing or returning his
receipts. Davidson, on applying for the patent for
the land, was informed it was already occupied,
and that the money had been refunded to Pease.
Finding this the case, he now applies for a grant
of land from Government-
* The question for the committee to decide is,
whether, under these circumstances, it will agree
to the demand. If Davidson had bought this land
and had received the patent for it from Pease, he
would be entitled to his patent. But when he
bought it Pease had no title to the land. Davidson,
therefore, purchased with his eyes open, and when
| he must have known that Pease had no evidence
! i of his title whatever.
1 have already stated that Pease went back to
Government; and when he found that he could not
fet a patent for the land, he got his money back,
lavidson then comes, after a lapse of time, and
producing his receipts applies for his patent, and
is informed that he cannot obtain his title to the
land. He ought to have examined into Pease's
title to the land before he bought it; he should
have known that the receipts were of no sort of
account whatever. These receipts were no warrant
for the title to the land, aud were sold by Pease
before ®e entry in the land office was set aside.
Davidson has his remedy in a court of law, to
recover his monfey of Pease, but can have no right
to claim anything of Government, inasmuch as he
did not make his purchase at the land office. If
Government recognize this principle, we shall
doubtless have persons purchasing land for which
others have a preemption right, and getting their
receipts, and then selling these receipts; and then
these purchasers, on finding that they cannot get
their titles to the land, will come here to receive
compensation for their losses. Purchasers must
have their titles confirmed to their land, before
others should venture to purchase of them. In
this case Pease, having no title, could not sell the
land, and of this Davidson ought to have been
aware.
Mr. RUMSEY. I think the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Dunham] is mistaken in regard to
the facts of this case. He assumes that this land
had been previously located under the preemption
laws of the United States, which would of itself
be notice to Pease that it was preoccupied. In
this he is mistaken. As I understand it, the land
was covered by a private claim which existed be-
fore the time the Territory in which it was located
came into the possession of the United States;
which, with other claims, was subsequently pro-
vided for by a general act of Congress. The land
was not occupied when Pease paid his money.
These are the facts of the case: Pease located the
lands, paid his money to the receiver, and received
from him separate receipts, whicly^re evidence
that he was entitled to the patei^^br the land
when they were made out at the Land Office. It
was known that from the press of business at that
office, they would not be issued" under a year or
more. Davidson then makes the purchase of
Pease, pays him the money, takes from him and
j his wife a deed with covenant of warranty, and
at the same time Pease delivers to him the re-
I ceiver's receipts. The deed was recorded imme-
diately in the proper county. This seemed to be
all that was necessary to protect his title. David-
son supposed the patents would issue to Pease for
' the land, and that, under the covenants of war-
ranty in his deed, Pease's title would inure to his
benefit. The receiver's receipts Davidson still
has, op rather, they are now here for inspection,
Davidson having furnished them, with the other
papers in the case, to the Committee on Private
Land Claims. Davidson afterwards ascertained,
on application at the land office, that Pease's
location of the land was illegal, another person
having the title; that Pease, on learning this fact, '
long after his sale to Davidson, had applied for and
received back the money he had paid for the land,
without being required by the receiver to return
or account for the receipts which had been pre-
viously given him. The question now is, whether
the receiver was justifiable in repaying the money
to Pease without requiring him to surrender the
receipts. If not, then Davidson is entitled to the
relief he asks. The receipts issued by the re-
ceiver constitute the .only evidence which exists
out of the land office of the purchaser's title to
the land until after the patent is issued; and it is,
or was, quite common in the new States to make
sale of the land, and assign the receipts as evidence
of such sale. If, when Pease applied for and re-
ceived the money, he had been required, as a pre-
requisite to its payment to account for these re-
ceipts, it is evident he would not have been able
to perpetrate his fraud upon Davidson and tlje
Government. It seemed to the Committee on
Private Land Claims that it was but the exercise-
of ordinary prudence to require him to do so; and
Davidson having suffered this wrong by such
neglect, he should be allowed to select an equal
quantity of land in some other place. It is true,
Davidson could recover from Pease the amount of-
his loss, under the covenant of warranty in his
deed, provided he could be found and was respon-
