276
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 18,
Bible; but it is in evidence that he is not to be
found. For these reasons the committee th ink the
bill ought to pass.
Mr. VAN DYKE said: I hope this motion-will
not prevail. The applicant in this case resides in
the same town as I do, and 1 am prepared to say
this much of him, that he would make no claim
here that was not entirely just in itself to-
wards him. He is, either fortunately or unfor-
tunately, a clergyman. He once in his life resi-
ded in the West. He was at that time at the head
of the University of Kentucky, and wlflfet resi-
ding out there, it seems that he became connected
in some way or other with this purchase. Now,
the facts of the case, narrowed down, are simply
these,and they present, in my opinion, a clear case,
where the Government has acted unfairly towards
this petitioner, and ought, in justice and honesty,
to place him on the same footing as he stood be-
fore the transaction.
A man of the name of Pease purchased lands in
the State of Missouri from the General Govern-
ment. He paid the money, and took the ordinary
receipts, which described the lands 
Mr. DUNHAM (interposing) said: I would
ask the gentleman from New Jersey a question.
Does the gentleman not know that there is only
one way in which business can be done at the
land office, and that is this: Whenever a man
comes in and asks to buy land, the register does
not know whether there is any prior claim to that
land or not; and if the man oners to pay money,
the register is bound to receive the money and to
give a certificate or receipt for it; but that does not
constitute a title to the land, or give the party a
right to sell it.
Mr. VAN DYKE. This is not exactly aques-
tion of title. I was going on to state, that when
this man Pease purchased the land, he paid the
Government for it, and took the ordinary evidence
which the Government furnishes to every man
who purchases land. The title is not made per-
fect by that transaction, but is afterwards por-
fected by thagrauing of the patent by the Govern-
ment. We^Bafter this man Pease had pur-
chased the land, and paid the money to Govern-
ment for it, and taken the receipt, which is all the
evidenee of title he has until Government issues
the patent, he made a contract of sale of the land
to the petitioner, Mr. Davidson. Davidson paid
Pease the money, and took from him and his wife
• deed oT sale, which was duly executed and duly
recorded in the proper office in the State of Mis-
souri. He also took from Pease the evidence of
title which hehad received from Government when
he paid the purchase money, and thus the matter
stood for some time, because the patent office was
at that time (1836) so overrun by applications for
the issue of patents, &c., that Davidson could not
get his patent issu^J; he could not even get-a hear-
ing for the purpose of getting his patent issued
until two or three years had elapsed ; and when he
made his application to the lana office to have his
patent issued to him, he was then told, for the
first time1, that Pease had been there and that the
Government had paid the purchase money back to
Pease, and would not issse the patent. That is
the whole difficulty. Pease, you will remember,
when he purchased the lands and paid the money
for them, had obtained receipts from the Govern-
ment, containing an exact description ofthelands,
as minute as in the patent itself; and these papers
had been passed along with the title to the land, to
Davidson when he paid the money to Pease.
And yet the Government officer, orofficers, allows
Pease to come back to the office—though it was
upon record that he had trtnsferred the lands to
Another man—and without the receipts which they
had issued when they had sold him the land, paid
back the purchase money to Pease, although he
had received it from Davidson, and thus Davidson
is left without any remedy at all.
Mr. DUNHAM. I would ask the gentleman
if he has not a remedy in the courts of law ? Is he
npt able to make Pease pay back the money ?
Mr. VAN DYKE. It might or might not be
■o. Jf Pease was to be found Davidson might,
after a'lawsuit of years, recover the purchase
money. But the fault is not on the part of David-
son. After he purchased the title to the land, he
WWi j 10 fet patent issued just as soon as he
eould. After knocking at the door of the land !
office to get his patent, he had to wait for an answer ; (
■ntil they readied that case, and then he was told J
that they could not issue him a patent, as the pur-
chase money had been paid back to Pease.
Now, the Government paid back that money
with the knowledge that Pease did not own the
land; and 'he Government, therefore, is to blame for
returning him the purchase money without the
surrender of the receipts, which were given to him
at the time of the purchase. Those receipts are
now in the hands of Davidson; thtfy are here
amongst the papers in this case, and they speak
for themselves.
It strikes me, therefore, that inasmuch as this
matter does not draw, necessarily, on the Treasury
of the United States, and as our public lands seem
to be given away pretty freely, and the applicant
in this case needs them as much as anybody else,
and above all and beyond all, as he has a fair, a
iust, a reasonable claim for these lands, that the
bill ought to pass. It is not the applicant that is
to blame, but the Government, for improperly
paying back this purchase money to Pease with-
out requiring the surrender of the receipts he re-
ceived at the time he made the purchase.
The question was taken on Mr. Dunham's mo-
tion, and it was not agreed to.
The bill was then laid aside, to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
On motion by Mr. OLDS, the committee then
rose, and the Speaker having resumed the cKair,
the chairman [Mr. Disney] reported the action of
the committee on the several bills that had been
under consideration. *
Mr. JONES moved that the House adjourn.
On a division there appeared for the motion 50,
against it 57.
So the House refused to adjourn.
JOSEPH D. WARD.
The SPEAKER stated that the first bill re-
ported from the committee was a bill for the re-
lief of Joseph D. Ward.
Mr. MORRIS inquired if it was in order to move
to amend the bill ?
The SPEAKER said that it was.
Mr. MORRIS moved to amend the bill by stri-
king out " 1847," and inserting " 1850" in lieu
thereof.
Mr. HARALSON rose to a point of order. He
understood that there were several bills upon the
table .which had been reported from the committee
on a former occasion. It seemed to him that these
bills should be acted on in the order in which they
.were reported, and disposed of before those which
had beenJust reported.
•The SPEAKER stated that these bills were on
the Speaker's table upon their engrossment. The
bill now reported was but just reported from the
committee, and, according to the universal practice
of the House, must first be acted on.
Mr. JONES said: Before the question is taken
on that amendment, I wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman who reported this bill, at what time the
proof, upon which the committee have reported in
favor of this bill, was perfected? If the proof,
upon which the committee come to the conclusion
that the petitioner is entitled to a pension, was
perfected in 1847, then, according to the general
law of the country, his pension should commence
from that time. The pension should commence j
from the time when the petitioner perfected the j
proof by which he satisfied the Committee on In-
valid Pensions that he was entitled to a pension, j
If the proof was perfected in 1847, I shall vote
against the amendment, because the general law
of the land gives him a pension from the time he
perfected the proof of his title to one. >
Mr. CONGER inquired whether any motion
had been made to amend the bill?
The SPEAKER. It is moved to amend the {
bill by striking out " 1847" and inserting " 1850" ;
instead, and that is the pending question. J
Mr. CONGER then said: I desire to say a word '
1 upon that question. I understood the gentleman
j from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] to advance an argu-;
| ment before the committee here, two or three j
weeks since, directly opposite to what I under-
stand him now to say. Two or three weeks since,
when the House went into Committee of the II
Whole on the private calendar, there was a bill
taken up and discussed for the relief of William
Slocum, of New York. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia, across the wfty, [Mr. Averett,] was the
member of the committee who reported that bill,
and if my recollection serves me right, that bill pro-
vided that the pension should commence some five
or six years back. Now, the facts in that case
showed conclusively, as was stated by the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Averett,] that the pa-
pers were perfected in the year 1834. They were
then presented to Congress, and have been before
Congress from that time up to the present. Sev-
eral committees have made favorable reports, and
bills for the relief of the petitioners have passed
! one or the other branch of Congress several times.
[ When that bill was under discussion some weeks
j since, the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones]
favored an amendment that was moved to it, to
j strike out 1834-'5 or '6, or whatever time was
stated in the bill, as the date from which the pen-
sion should commence, and insert 1850 instead,
and, if I understood the gentleman aright at that
time, he asserted that the uniform practice of the
House had been not to give back pensions.
Mr. AVERETT (interposing) said: The case is
even stronger, I think, than is stated by the gen-
tleman from New York. It is true that the com-
mittee considered that the papers in the case of
Slocum showed him to have been an invalid, enti-
tled to relief from Congress as early as 1834; but
I proposed to take the report of a previous Com-
mittee—and let the pension commence from the
date of that report, to wit, in 1842. The ques-
tion was then distinctly raised, as to whether that
was a back pension. The committee did not con-
sider it so, but the House decided that it was,
on an objection raised, as stated by the gentleman
from New York, by the gentleman from Tennes-
see.
Mr. CONGER said: The only point I make is
this: I desire that it may be settled in order that
we may understand what is the well-settled prac-
tice of this House in relation to cases of this
kind. This is my point: whether the pension
shall commence when a bill is reported for the re-
lief of an individual, or at the time his papers are
perfected and presented to the House.
Now the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones]
says that this has been the practice of both Houses
of Congress. So I did not understand the gentle-
man the other day. It is important, not merely to
distinguish in this case, but it is important to a
very great-number of persons for whom relief
bills have been and may hereafter be reported, as
well as for the interests of those for whom relief
bills are still pending before Congress; that the
practice should be settled. If in this case the House
shall decide to give the pension commencing from
the time the papers were made out, I desire that we
may go back and reconsider what it has done in the
case of William Slocum, and a great many other
individuals for whom relief bills have been report-
ed and passed.
Mr. JONES (interposing) said: I am uncon-
scious of having undergone any change in relation
to this subject. I do not remember stating on the
occasion when William Slocum's bill was before
the House, nor have I stated to day, that it had
been the uniform practice of this House from the
time the proof was perfected. I stated then, and
I repeat now, that such is the general law of the
country; and in this Slocum case, if my recollec-
tion serves me right, it was very doubtful whether
he could be brought within the general law of the
country upon the subject. He alleged that he
sprained his ancle, I think, upon parade on a cer-
; tain occasion. The proof in that instance was not
sufficient to satisfy the Commissioner of Pensions
that that injury had been sustained by him in the
service of his country and in the line of duty.
Mr. CONGER, (continuing.) I desire to ask
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] why it
did not come within the provisions of the general
law? If I understand rightly, if the case of Wil-
liam Slocum, or this, or any other case, had come
within the provisions of the law, it would not
have come before us at all, but would have been
decided by the Commissioner of Pensions. It is
because it did not come within the provisions of
the general law, because this case also does not
do so, that relief is asked of Congress. What,
then, does the gentleman from Tennessee mean by
using the language, " within the provisions of the
general law?"
Mr. JONES, (interposing.) If, Mr. Chairman,
I understand this case, it is for an increase of pen-
sion, under circumstances in which the man has
lost both his arms in battle. Then, sir, it is a
case in which the Commissioner of Pension* can-
