1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
277
not give more than for* total disability—Am eight |
div'Ura v*t month. That is the maximum amount
Out*, can t* allowed to a private soldier or non-
awntm Mil officer. Ii is proved by the testi-
•mjr of reputable physicians and surgeons, that
he has sustained a total disability; that he n un-
able to earn his livelihood by manual labor, in
consequence of the wounds ana injuries he has re-
ceived in the service of his country and in the li^e
oi his duty.
Then, sir, it is not to give him a pension under
any exwung general law; but it is to give an addi-
tional pension. And if it is possible to make out
siarh a case, this is one that w better even than a
total disability; and, besides, it entirely differs
from a ease wkieh comes hereupon an application
for a pension under ordinary circumstances.
Mr. CONG I'll. This is not, if I understand
it, an application for an increase of pension at all,
but to receive a pension, and have it placed upon
the pension roll, at the rate of twenty dollars per
month, commencing from Juae 9, tfl*.
Mr. JONES. 1 wish to know if I am not right
in saying that it is an application for an increase of
pension, and should like to have the report read.
The report having been read—
Mr. JONES continued: It appears to me that
this is a case in which, under the general law for
the disability sustained by the loss of his arms,
the highest pension that can be given him is eight
dollars per month. This is not sufficient for his
wants, and the committee did not think it suffi-
cient, and recommend a greater pension.
Now, sir, if the proof shows that he lost his
arms upon a particular day, then I think that he
is entitled to his pension from that time, even ac-
cording to the practice of the general law of the
country. If the injury is proved from a certain
day, and total disability should ensue, even sup-
posing it is not immediate, the presumption is suf-
Bcient to entitle him to apply for a total disability
pension from the time the injury was received.
Mr. BAYLY moved the previous question.
Mr. MORRIS withdrew his amendment.
Mr. CONGER inquired if he could not move
an amendment ?
The SPEAKER stated that the amendment
having been withdrawn, the Chair had supposed
that all debate had ceased; but he must now put
the motion of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. ,
Bstlt] if it was insisted upon.
Mr. CONGER hoped the motion for the pre-
vious question would oe withdrawn, as he wished
to renew the amendment.
The SPEAKER stated that the object of the
amendment could be accomplished by the com- 1
mittec failing to sustain the previous question. i
On seconding the previous question tellers were j
ordered, and Messrs. Sawtblle and Baiees were j
appointed. The tellers, on counting the House,
reported—ayes 77, noes 29.
So the previous question received a 'second, and
the main question was ordered, which main ques-
tion was on ordering the bill to be engrossed and
read a third time.
The bill was then read the third time and passed.
On motion by Mr. MORRIS, the House ad-
journed.
KOTICE or A BILL.
Bf Mr. HOWARD: A Mil to fcriHtale the transportation
of the Miliary stares in Tens, sad to redsee the expenses
FETrriojis, fcc.
The Mtowing petitions sad memorials were presented
•ader fee rale, sad referred to appropriate committees:
lly Mr. SIBLEY: The petition of Geetfe C. NkMi
sad 97 other eitiiens of Minnesota, asking fbr s rat of
one bond ml thoatand srres of la ml, (to include me mili
tarr reserve of Port Snelling,) for the endowment and mp-
jonaf s t'nivenrity in that Territory.
Also, the petition ot Ale lander Wilkin sad Better etti- 1
seas of Minnesota. asking for a grant of land fo the Terri-
tory, to aid in establishing s line of telegraph from Prairie
da Cbien to St. Paul.
Br Mr. PITMAN: The petition of WMsai K. jones
sad 78 other citizens of Schuylkill comity, Pennsylvania,
asking Canoes* fbr s modification of existing tariff laws. '
By Mr. DISNEY : Two memorials from certain citizens
of Cincinnati, asking Congress to purchase the Louis.
*Me and Portland and, and to make it free.
By Mr. BEED: The petition of Majors Kiaglsnd and
Logan, and ethers, oflten sad soldiers of the war of 1812,
for additional bounty lsad, la consideration of special ner-
vier* by them rendered at a critical period of the campaign,
sad gratefully acknowledged by General Harrison in the
gliinl order discharging Mid ofltcsrs snd soldien.
By Mr. MATTE SON! The petition of A. H. Bralnard
and 19 other*, citisens of Rouse's Point,praying that Rouse's
Point be made a port of entry and delivery, and that the eel-
lector be required to reside there.
By Mr. CHANDLER: Tb# memorial of the citiiens of
Marcos Hook, 1'ennjYlvani*, asking (hr an appropriation
fbr Ihe reconstruction "and repairs of the piers in the river
Delaware, at that place.
Also, the memorial of R. ttuddell and Human Y erks,
aad many other ctu sens of Philadelphia, asking tor the con-
struction of a harbor on the east side of fceedy Island, in the
Delaware.
Abo, the memorial of the Philadelphia Board of Trade,
asking Congress tu establish some tribunal or bureau for the
adjustment and Mttlement of private claims against the
Government.
Also, the memorials of John B. Bndd and C. Newbolil,
aad many other merchants  f Philadelphia, interested in
the navigation and trade of the Chesaaeake bay, asking for
the establisment and maintenance of toe light house on the
fishery battery at the entrance of the channel of the Susque-
By Mr. R1SLEY: The petition of A. HaseMae aad 3#
other citixens of Jamestown, Chautauque county, New
York, praying Congress to pass a law " giving ftirther
remedies to patentees.*'
Also, the petition of S. Chandler and 4S other citiiens of
Jamestown, CbaMauqne coanty, New York, fur the same
object.
By Mr. THl'RM AN: The petition of Francis Rodgers,
and Samson's certificate in his case, applying Ibr increase
of pension.
By Mr. SAWTELLE: The petition of Solomon L.
Bowes, of Frankfort, in the State of Maine, for payment of
moneys dde from the United States to his late father, Abner
Howes, deceased.
By Mr. PUTNAM: The petition of Ira Bhedd and S#
others of China, Wyoming county, New York, praying for
the repeal of the fugitive slave law.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Mondit, Jmuary 20, 1851.
The House met nt twelve o'clock, m. The Jour-
nal of Saturday was read and approved.
Mr. INGE inquired of the Chair whether it was
in order to move a suspension of the rules ?
The SPEAKER said that it was not, because
there was already a motion pending to suspend the
rules, made by the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Stanton] on Monday last, to enable him to
introduce a resolution to pant the use of this Hall
on the 91st instant to the American Colonization
Society, for their anniversary meeting.
Mr. STANTON said he would withdraw that
motion.
BU81NKSS OP THE DISTRICT.
Mr. INGE moTed to supend the rules to enable
him to introduce a resolution that the business of
the District of Columbia be made the special order
for the first Thursday in February.
Mr. KAUFMAN called for tellers; which were
ordered, and Messrs. Thompson, of Kentucky,
and Kaufman were appointed. ■
The question was then taken and decided in"the
affirmative—ayes 97, noes not counted.
So the rules were suspended, and—
Mr. INGE introduced the following resolution:
RotM, That the business of the District of Columbia,
in the Hoose, in the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and in Committee of the Whole, be made the
special order on the first Thursday of February, proximo.
Mr. JONES inquired if the first Thursday in
February was not one of the days already set
apart for territorial business? He understood from
tnechairman of the Committee on Territories [Mr.
Both] that it was.
Mr. INGE said, that if that was the case, he
would modify his resolution by substituting the
"second Tuesday" for the "first Thursday."
The question was then taken on the resolution,
and it was agreed to.
THE DRY DOCK IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. BOKEE asked the unanimous consent of
the House to offer a resolution; which was read
for information, as follows;
Jtsaoleed, That the Secretary of the lfavy be requested
to inform the Hon* what action, if any, has been had by
him nnder the art of l«"t session, making an appropriation
far the construction of a dry dork in California, and whether
or not In his judgment a dock could not be constructed suf-
ficient for all the purposes of the Navy at a ranch less ex-
pense to the Government than the one contemplated by the
act aforesaid, and that in the mean time the Secretary be
requested to suspend further proceedings in the matter.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, objected.
Mr. BOKEE moved a suspension of the rules
to enable him to introduce the resolution.
The question was put, and the rules were sus-
pended.
Mr. BOKEEthen introduced the resolution, and
moved the previous question on its adoption.
1 The previous question received a second, and
the main question was ordered, which main ques-
tion was on agreeing to the resolution.
The question was taken,and the resolution was
adopted.
Mr. BOKEE moved to reconsider the rote by
which the resolution was adopted, and to lay that
motion upon the table; which latter motion was
agreed to.
AN ADDITIONAL COURT FOR TEXAS.
Mr. KAUFMAN asked the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution:
R oItti, That the Committee of the Whole on the stale
of the Union be discharged from the farther consideration
of bill No, 48, being a bill to establish an additional district
court of the United States in the eastern portion of Texas,
and that Mud bill be laid on the Speaker's tabie to come ap
among the orders of the day.
Mr. ASHMUN objected.
Mr. KAUFMAN moved a suspension of the
rules to enable him to introduce the resolution, and
the question was taken, and decided in the affirm-
ative—ayes 102, noes not counted.
So the rules were suspended, and the resolution
was introduced.
The question was then taken on its adoption,
and decided in the affirmative. *
1NCREA8E OF CADETS.
Mr. DUER asked the unanimous consent of the
House to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be di-
rected to inquire into the expediency of increasing the num-
ber of Cadets in the Military Academy at West Point.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, objected.
Mr. DUER moved to suspend the rules; which
motion was put and disagreed to.
ESTIMATES FOR THE POSTAL SERVICE.
Mr. BAYLY said that there were upon the
Speaker's table estimates from the Post Office De-
partment which the Committee ot' Ways and
Means wanted immediately. He asked the unan-
imous consent of the House that they might be
presented with a view to their reference to the com-
mittee.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, Ejected.
Mr. BAYLY then moved to suspend the rules,
to enable him to submit the motion. He said that
the committee could not work without these esti-
mates.
The question was then taken,and the rules were
suspended.
The motion of Mr. BAYLY was then agreed
to; and
The SPEAKER then laid before the House the
estimates from the Post Office Department for the
service of the said Department for the next fiscal
year.
Mr. BAYLY moved that they be referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered to
be printed.
The question being taken on the motion, it wag
agreed to.
THE APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. BAYLY asked the unanimous consent of
the House to offer a resolution to make the follow-
ing bills, making appropriation for the fiscal year
ending 30th June, 1852, viz: 434, for the support
of the Military Academy; 435, for revolutionary
and other Pensions of the United States; 436, for
Naval Pensions; 437, for the current and contin-
gent expenses of the Indian Department; and 438,
for the service of the Post Office Department—
special orders, in the foregoing order, for to-mor-
row, and to continue such from day to day until
finally disposed of.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, objected.
Mr. BAYLY moved to suspend the rules, to
enable him to submit the resolution.
Mr. McLANE desired to know from the Chair
whether an appropriation bill, if made the special
order, took precedence of other special orders?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has stated to the
House, and desires to repeat again, in order that
the House may understand his opinion of the ruled,
that special orders, when made by the House,
take priority in reference to the day for which the
' special order is made, not the day on which the
resolution is adopted. If a special order has pre-
viously been made for Tuesday next, and to-day
th* House makes a special order for to-day, the
special order made for to-day takes precedence. It
being an appropriation does not affect the question
as to the priority of special orders.
