278
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 20,
The question was then taken on the motion to
suspend the rules, and it was not agreed to.
RIGHT OF WAY FOR A RAILROAD.
Mr. DISNEY moved to suspend the rules, to
enable him to introduce a resolution to make
House bill No. 424, being a bill to grant the right
of way through the public lands for a line of rail-
road through the States of Indiana, Ohio, and
Illinois, the special order for to-morrow week, (the
28th instant,) and until disposed of. k
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. Is it only the right
of way ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair knows nothing of
the bill except from its title.
The question was then taken on the motion to
suspend the rules, and it was not agreed to.
THE FRIGATE CONSTITUTION.
Mr. GRINNELL, by unanimous consent,"of-
fered the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs" be in-
structed to inquire into the propriety of authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Navy to continue in commission for sea service
the frigate Constitution, and to rebuild her whenever it may
be found necessary.
Mr. CARTTER objected.
Mr. GRINNELL moved to suspend the rules,
to enable him to introduce the resolution.
The question being taken on the motion, it was
decided in the negative—ayes 70, noes 66.
So the rules were not suspended.
HOMESTEADS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, asked the unan-
imous consent of the House to offer a resolution;
which was read for information, as follows:
Resolved, That House bill No. 310, which bill provides
for the encouragement of agriculture, and every man who
is the head of a family a.id a citizen of the United States
with a homestead of one hundred and sixty acres of land
out of the public domain, be made the special order for
Tuesday, Q1 st instant, and be continued from day to day
until disposed of by the House.
Mr. VINTON objected.
Mr. JOHNSON moved to suspend the rules, to
enable him to introduce the resolution, and called
for the yeas and nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and the ques-
tion being taken by yeas and nays, the result was
—yeas 92, nays 100—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Allen, Ashmun,
Bell, Bennett, Bingham, Bowdon, Bowlin, Brisbin, Brooks,
AlbertG. Brown, William J. Brown, Buel, E.C.Cabell,
Joseph Cable, George A. Caldwell, Campbell, Cartter,
Casey, Chandler, Cleveland, vv. R. W. Cobb, Conger,
Dickey, Disney, Doty, Duer, Dunham, Durkee, Ewing,
Featberston, Fitch, Fuller, Gentry, Giddings, Gilbert, Gor-
man, Gott, Gould, Green, Hall, Hampton, Harlan, Isham
0. Harris, Hay, Hilliard, Howard, Howe, Hunter, Inge,
Andrew Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Jones, Julian,
Leffier, Levin, Horace Mann, Job Mann, Mason, Matte-
son, McClernand, McDonald, McGaughey, McLanahan,
Robert M. McLane, McMullen, Daniel F. Miller, Moore,
Morris, Olds, Peaslee. Richardson. Risley, Robbins, Robin-
son, Rockwell, Root, Sackett, Savage, Schenck, Spaulding,
Sprague, Frederick P. Stanton, Thaddeus Stevens,
Thomas, Tuck, Watkins, Wentworth, Whittlesey, Wil-
liams, and Y oung—9-2.
NAYS—Messrs. Alston, Anderson, Averett, Bayly, Bo-
cock, Booth, Boyd, Breck, Briggs, Bullard, Burrows, Burt,
Butler, Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvin, Clarke, Clinguian, Col-
cock, Cole, Corwin, Crowell, Daniel, Danner, Deberry,
Dimmick, Duncan, Edmundson, Eliot, Alexander Evans,
Nathan Evans, Fowler, Freedley, Grinnell, Halloway,
Hamilton, Hammond, Haralson, Sampson W. Harris, Hay-
mond, Hebard, Henry, Hibbard, Holladay, Joseph W.
Jackson, William T. Jackson, James L. Johnson, Kauf-
man, Kerr, James G. King, John A. King, La Sfere, Little-
field, Marshall, McKissoek, Finis E. McLean, McQueen,
McWillie, Meacliam, Meade, Millson, Morehcad, Morse,
Nelson, Orr, Otis, Outlaw, Owen, Parker, Peck, Penn,
Phelps, Pitman, Powell, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds, Rose,
Ross, Runisey, Sawtelle, Schermerhorn, Seddon, Silvester,
Stanly, Richard H. Stanton, Stetson, Strong, Taylor, Jacob
Thompson, James Thompson, John B. Thompson, Thur-
man, Van Dyke, Vinton, WTaIden, Waldo, Wallace, Well-
born, White, and Wildrick—100.
So the rules were not suspended.
On motion by Mr. REED, it was ordered that
leave be granted to withdraw from the files of the
House, for the purpose of being presented at the
•Pension Office, the papers in the case of Joseph
Wright.
EXECUTION OF THE BOUNTY LAND LAW.
Mr. ROBINSON asked the unanimous consent
of the House to call up for consideration the
bounty land bill. If it was not taken up to-day,
it would never be taken up this session.
Mr. VINTON objected.
Mr. ROBINSON moved to suspend the rules,
for the purpose of enabling him to move to take
up the bill, but withdrew his motion for a moment
at the suggestion of Mr. McClernand.
DIFFERENCES BETWEEN ENGLAND AND !
THE" UNITED STATES. i
Mr. McCLERNAND asked the unanimous
consent of the House to offer the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to this House, if in his judgment
not incompatible with the public interests, any information
in his possession relative to a difference of opinion, if any,
between the Government of the United States and that of
Great Britain, concerning the construction of the conven-
tion lately concluded by said Governments. Also, any
information in his possession relative to the reported diffi-
culties in and on the coasts of Central America.
Mr. STANLY objected.
THE BOUNTY LAND LAW AGAIN.
Mr. ROBINSON renewed his motion to sus-
pend the rules, and called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being taken,
resulted—yeas 154, nays 31—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albert«on, Alexander, Alston, Andrews,
Ashe, Ashmun, Averett, Bav, Bayly, Bell, Bennett, Bing-
ham, Booth, Bowdon, Bowlin, Boyd, Breek, Briggs, Bris-
bin, Albert G. Brown, William J. Brown, Buel, Bullard,
Burrows, Butler, E. Carrington Cabell, Joseph Cable,
Geerge A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Campbell, Casey,
Chandler, Clarke, Cleveland, W. R. W. Cobb, Cole, Cor-
win, Crowell, Danner, Deberrv, Dickey, Dimmick, Disney,
Dotv, Duncan. Dunham, Durkee, Edmundson, Eliot,
Ewing, Fitch, Fowler. Fuller, Giddinjs, Goodenow, Gor-
man, Gott, Green, Hall, Halloway, Hamilton, Hammond,
Haralson, Harlan, IshamG. Harris,Sampson W. Harris,T.
L. Harris, Hay, Havmond, Holladnv, Howe, Hunter, Inge,
Joseph W. Jackson, William T. Jackson, Andrew Johnson,
James L. Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Jones, Julian,
George G. King, James G. King, John A. King, La S£re,
Leffler, Job Mann, Marshall, Mason, McClernand, Mc-
Donald, McGaughey, McKissoek, Robert M. McLane,
F. E. McLean, McMullen. McQueen. MoWillie, Meacham,
John K. Miller, Daniel F. Miller, Millson, Moore, Morris,
Morse, Morton, Nelson, Olds, Orr, Outlaw, Parker, Peaslee,
Penn, Phelps, Pitman, Powell, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds,
Richardson, Risley, Robbins, Robinson, Rockwell, Rose,
Ross, Rumsev, Sackett, Schenck, Schermerhorn, Seddon,
Sliepperd, Silvester, Spaulding, Sprasue, Stanly, Frederick
! P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton,Thaddeus Stevens,Taylor,
Thomas, James Thompson, John B. Thompson, Under-
bill, Van Dyke, Walden, Waldo, Wallace, Watkins, Went-
worth, White, Whittlesey, Wildrick, Williams, and Young
NAYS—Messrs. Beale, Bokee, Burt, Calvin, Cartter,
Clinsman, Colcoek, Conner, Daniel, Duer, Alexander
Evans, G/mld, Grinnell, Hebard, Henry, Hibbard, Hilliard,
Kerr, Horace Mann, Matteson, Otis, Root, ^va?e, Saw-
telle, Stetson,Thurman, Toombs, Tuck, ViHton, Wellborn,
and Woodward—31.
So the rules were suspended.
The question then recurring on agreeing to the
motion to proceed to the consideration of the bill,
it was put, and decided in the affirmative. So the
bill was under consideration.
The SPEAKER stated that the question pend-
ing before the House was on agreeing to the
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
McClernand,] and that on that motion the gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Meade] was entitled
to the floor.
The pending amendment was reported to the
House; it is as follows:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That registers and
! receivers of the several land offices of the United States
' shall be entitled to demand and receive for their services in
I locating military bounty land warrants from each person
applying to locate the same, a fee at the rate «f twentv-flve
i cents for each forty acres so located: Pro rid ei, That the'
fee hereby allowed shall be in lieu and in discharge of any
similar fee already allowed by law : Provided, further,
That the salary and perquisites of the said registers and
receivers shall in no case exceed the sum of three thousand
dollars per annum each. .
Mr. McCLERNAND. I shall be obliged to
the gentleman from Virginia to yield me the floor
for a moment.
Mr. MEADE consented to do so.
Mr. McCLERNAND said: I believe I have
the right to modify mv amendment which is now
pending. I therefore, Mr. Speaker, move to mod-
ify it by adding the following section, at the re-
quest of my friend from Virginia, [Mr. Meade:]
Sec. —. And be it further ennrted, That in all cases of
warrants for bounty land for military services in the war
of J812 with Great Britain, which rtmain unsatisfied at
the date of this act, it shall be lawful for the person in
whose name sncli warrant shall have been issued, his heirs
or legal representatives, to enter at the proper land office
anv quantity of public lands subject to private entry, to
which su h person shall-be entitled in virtue of such war-
rant: Prorided, That such warrants shall be located within
, five years from the date of this act.
Mr. McCLERNAND, (in continuation.) This
amendment, sir, contemplates two objects: First,
an addition to the register and receiver of public
lands, who are required, under the laws of Con-
gress, to locate bounty land warrants; and, sec-
ondly the renewal of the act which is now ex-
pired authorizing the location of military bounty
land warrants issued for military service in the
war of 1812 with Great Britain. With regard to
the first point, it is doubtless known to many of
the members of the House, that numerous peti-
tions have been sent to Congress asking that more
adequate compensation might be allowed to the
register and receiver for services they are required
to perform in locating land warrants. From my
knowledge of the buisness of these officers, I am
able to corroborate the statement'made by them,
that the amount of labor devolved upon them in
i the location of the military land warrants is ubmit
sixfold as great as that which they are required
to perform in ordinary cash entries. The register
and receiver, or rather the register, is required,
in the first place, to examine the assignment of
the warrant, if it be assigned; next, to examine
the list of warrants improperly issued, together
with five lists of warrants alleged to be stolen,
amounting in all to some four hundred and ninety-
eis;ht warrants; next, the application and affidavit
of the person making the location, with accom-
panying certificates, and when located by an at-
torney to examine the regularity and sufficiency
of the power, next, to make out a certificate of
purchase, and to send monthly abstracts of loca-
tions to Washington, reserving one in his office;
and, finally, to mark the locations on the tract
book and township pfats. I repeat, sir, this labor
amounts to sixfold the ordinary labor performed
by the register in an ordinary cash entry. The
bill reported by the special committee for the
purpose of facilitating and accelerating the execu-
tion of the bounty land laws, must prove in a great
measure abortive, unless some such provision as
I have offered is adopted by the House. It will
he impossible for the register and receiver of pub-
lic land, within the limits of their compensation,
to perform the labor necessary in the location of
those warrants. They must have additional cler-
ical aid, if they are to be required to discharge
their public duties seasonably. This is undeni-
able. The amendment I have submitted secures
this result, and at the same time preserves the
present maximum of their compensation. Under
no circumstances, including salary and the per-
centage allowed them on sales, can it exceed
$3,000 per annum. I think this provision, so just
and expedient, should be adopted.
The second provision is equally called for in
] justice and consistency. It will be recollected,
"that during the war of 18J2 with Great Britain,
several acts were passed granting bounty lands
for military service performed in that war. Suc-
cessive acts were also passed limiting the periods
during which the warrants for those lands were
required to be located. All of these are now ex-
pired by their own limitations, leaving quite a
number of those warrants .outstanding and unsat-
isfied in the'hands of aged and meritorious sol-
diers, or in the hands of their heirs. And in many
cases, no doubt, the value of the warrants is very
much needed by those who hold them.
I say that many of those warrants are outstand-
ing, and are held by meritorious men, but who
are unable to locate them, for the reason stated.
I have, sir, in my possession one of those war-
rants, (holding it up,") which exemplifies the state-
ment that I have made. It is one issued in favor
of and owned by the heirs of George Tucker, a
private in the war with Great Britain, who al-
lowed the limitation prescribed for the location
of the warrant, to expire. Being an illiterate man,
he presented the warrant, probably within five
years from its date, supposing that to be sufficient;
whereas he should have presented it within five
' years after the date of the renewing his right for
the last time to locate it; and thus he and his heirs
have lost the benefit of the warrant. My amend-
ment will afford the relief required in this and all
such case% The amendment suggested by my
friend from Virginia, [Mr. Meade,] which I have
accepted, simply authorizes the assignment of
these warrants, in the same manner in which war-
rants are assigned under the authority of later acts
of Congress. I hope the amendment, in both of
its provisions, and with a view to all its objects,
will be adopted.
Mr. VINTON. I rise, Mr. Speaker, to a ques-
tion of order. On looking at the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Mc-
Clernand,] I do not think it in order, inasmuch
