880
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 20,
Inferior, and he toM nw that the wmmiitw had I
decided upon requesting him to draw up that Terr
section. And the section was, I think, drawn up
and sent to me with this letter, which I wish to
road to the House:
DtriiTUX or m lirmni,
OmaiWrll, 1830.
Ai! T  miitiwu wfth request contained in your
Met of the M* wilwl, I bar* tuaiMd tn draught of
in hill, therewith ml, to insure tbt prompt execution of
art of **lh September, 1850; and I now return It with
■Mbcr draught, inMpai the ssodiflcations which strike
B>r M being proper and jodiciom.
I mi coaMeat that on* principle lupihwniliiat will not
k laarmnl; but, at the mm time, I think it impolitic to
lessen *c responsibility by dividing ii between two and
to avoid lbs I propose that the principal officer sbalj hare
aa a maau at a salary of #1,400 per ananm.
•* £1.600 tMOad oT *1.700 aa the salary of t he
principal, because 1 feiak that proportionate to the duties
In be performed.
For the third ssetina 1 bare substituted a new one, which
I Dunk eoatains all the legal provisions neeeMry for sim-
ptiiyiBg the node of proving the facts repaired by the law
Is be estnhlwfced.
The mture and time of the service provide < fbr by the
aet of 38th September, IM, render necessary the proposed
relations of the nmal mode of proof; bat the same reasons
do not so much apply to former bounty land or pensioa laws,
and I therefore propose the proviso, In order to guard against
any rafrinjenient of existing rules and regulations under
previous laws, by which the Axed practice of the Govern-
seat in a vast number of eases already aettled, might be
distarbad.
1 ib, sir, wtt respectfully, your obedient servant,
ALEX. H. H. STUART, Secretary.
■on. Inn 1*. Isiiisn, Hotue of Rejnetentatiret.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am aware of the exist-
ence of the letter read by the gentleman. I simply
intended to auuethat the Secretary of the In tenor,
the third section being altered or changed, was not
responaible for the same. It was the child of the
committee, and the Secretary of the Interior was
acting in obedience* to what he considered to be the
will of the committee, for it would have been worse
than idle for the Secretary of the Interior, after
the bill was drawn, and sent to him as containing
the views of the committee, to have submitted a
totally different one, imbodying his own views.
That is the point which I wish the gentleman to
bear in mind when making his objections—that
the committee are responsible for this bill , and that
if there is anything wrong or ridiculous in it, it is
not the fault of the Secretary of the Interior, but
h is the fault of the select committee, in my judg-
ment.
Mr. ROBINSON'. I think the committee is re-
sponsible for the substance of the bill. I wished
to repel the idea that the section was ridiculously
drawn, and I stated that the committee had made
the section less stringent than the Secretary
thought prudent; therefore that the committee had
so changed it as to make it more stringent in its
effect. He only was responsible for this greater
stringency.
Mr. WILLIAMS. 1 am not making a charge
against any one, Mr. Speaker. Although I never
aaw the bill until it was presented to this House,
1 am willing to take my share of the responsi-
bility if it is wrong.
I believe it to be right. In justice to the Secre-
tary of the Interior, I wish the letter sent by him
to the committee to be read. The simple object I
have in view is to do the Secretary of the Interior
justice, and place his conduct in regard to this
matter in the appropriate light.
The letter or which the following is a copy was
then read by the Clem:
Dtrimiirr or the Ijrrsaioa,
9 December 20,1850.
Six: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your
letter of yesterday, suggesting certain modifications of the
forms prescribed for the applicants for the benefit of the
bounty land act, passed September 28, 1850. I have re-
ferred your letter to tbe Commissioner of Pensions, with
instructions to report at the earliest practicable moment,
bow far it is proper in his opinion to adopt the snggextions
of the committee. The forms referred to, were prepared
aader general instructions to make them as liberal as possi-
ble, without exposing tbe Government to too much danger
from fraud and perjury. When they were laid before me,
for my approval, I made several modifications tending to
facilitate the authentication of claims, and I should have
made others if I had deemed it proper to depart from the
established usages of the Government in regard to all other
bounty land laws. Any very important change in these
usages, (which have grown to have the authority of law,
and have been in some instances, I believe, recognized by
ti>e courts,) will be attended with much hazard to the public
Treasury. If, for example, a new mode of proving service or
mamace be adopted in regard to the bounty land law of 1850,
it may be well to consider how far it would be possible for
this Department to exclude die same kind of proof in other
ease*. The consequence might beto unsettle all the re-
jected claims from tbe foundation of tbe Government, and
to let loose upon the Treasury myriads of hungry claimants.
Tbe uniform practice of the Government should not, in my
' opinion, be too readily ebsnged by a mere executive officer.
It would substitute bio arbitrary orsnioa mid will in the
place of law and estabtisiicd precedent, and tend largely to
augment the power of the executive riepni tment.
For these reasons, amongst many, which it is unneces-
sary to state in detail, I Blink it would probably be ta-st for
the legislative department to make the ntsin-mrv changes
in the modes of proof. That department can prescribe such
limitations and restrictions as it may think proper to avoid
the danger of having the action, in reference to the act ol'
18S0, mad* a precedent hi cases arising tinder other laws.
It will aflbru me great pleasure to render any assistance
fa my place to the committee in carrying into effort their
kind and beneficent purposes.
I am, very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,
ALE.\. II. H. STUART, Secretary.
Hon. Jao. L. Roainsox, Ckairmun, 4'c., Hotue of Repn-
leaiatiret.
This letter shows that the Secretary of the In-
terior was not only solicitous, but anxious to aid
the committee in carrying out the objects and pur-
poses of the last session of Congress in passing the
oounty land law. I will now sav, that the forms
pnblisned by the Secretary of the Interior came
very near what is required by this third section:
" This declaration must be accompanied by satisfactory
proof of tbe marriage, and of the husband's death. If them
is aqy public record of die marriage, a duly certified copy
of such record should be forwarded if possible. If there is
no public record of the marriage, but a private or family
record, such family record, or a certified copy of the rami-,
should be forwarded, with die affidavit of some disinterested
person, proving the genuineness nf the original, and that the
copy certified is a true and correct copy of it. If no public
or prime record of the marriage exists, or can be proiured,
that fact should be set forth in the declaration; and in such
case, other evidence, such as the testimony of persons who
knew the parties in the lifetime of the husband, and knew
them to live together as husband and wife, and to be so re-
puted, will be admissible."
The simple object I had in view in wishing to
change the nature of the proof required is this: You
first have to testify, if the forms of the Secretary
of the Interior are complied with, that there is
no such record. If, then, a widow is married
in any State, if information of the fact is upon
record, then, sir, she would have been compelled
to procure that record, evidence of a less grade
being inadmissible if there was record evidence.
I do not desire to cause her that trouble. In my
opinion this third section that is contained in this
bill does all that is necessary to guard your public
lands from fraud. I will read the entire section,
and comment upon it, and see if it is not all that
is necessary.
Sec. 3. Jind he it further enacted, That in all cases
where tbe military service provided for by the act of twen-
1 ty-eighth September, eighteen hundred and fifty, cannot be
verified by the muster rolls, it may be established under
I such rules and regulations as the Secretary of the Interior
may prescribe, by the testimony of two or more credible
persons as to the respectability of tbe applicant, and tbe
general belief and tradition of such service having been per-
formed. That where, in tbe case of the claim of a widow
of a deceased officer or soldier, no public or private record
of the marriage exists, or can be readily procured in the
county where die party resides, the fact of the marriage
may be established by the testimony of two or more respect-
able pemons, that the parties lived together as man and
" wife, and were so reputed to be, and that a certificate under
seal, from the clerk of any probate court, or court of record,
shall be deemed sufficient to establish the fact of widow-
hood and of heirship: Provided, That tbe provisions of
this section shall not be considered as authorizing any
change in the requirements of the rules and regulations
now in force under previous bounty land or pension laws.
Perhaps there is one defect in the bill. I shall
propose to amend the bill,so that the soldier shall
make oath, setting forth in his declaration the time
of service, battles, and everything in relation to
his service. He must also make oath that he can-
not prove these things by two living witnesses,
and then it will bring him precisely within the
provisions of the act under which thousand! of
pensioners are drawing their annual pensions from
the Government.
It is known to every gentleman upon this floor*
that whenever any person dies, administration
is had upon the estate. In some of the States the
estate is distributed in two years, in others in a
year, between the widow and the heirs. What
Detter proof could this House want, than for the
clerk of the county court to certify that this man
had died, and that his widow had prosecuted her
! claim for dower and distribution, and that she had
! established in a court of record her right as widow
of the deceased? It is as good testimony as could
be wanted.
In many of the States the record could not be
procured. I apprehend that in North Carolina,
and Virginia, perhaps, marriages are not recorded.
If they are recorded, it is doubtless of recent
date. They are not recorded in Pennsylvania.
The mode of proof proposed by the committee
I simplifies the proof, makes it more easy to be ob-
; tained, and it as clearly establishes the fact of
marriage.
| Take now an illuwratirr^. The position taken
there I maintain to be rigl^according to the re-
quirements of your Departments: in order to pro-
cure pensions for a person who had served over
two years in the regular service, if the record of
your Deportment did not show that he had served,
it required the testimony of two witnesses. A
case was rejected by the committee at the Inst ses-
! sion of Congress. I refer to a case where a revo-
: Intionary soldier had served, and proved it by one
living witness; but, sir, under the arbitrary nil#
of the Department (for I suppose it has been from
custom alone for the Department to require two
witnesses) the soldier, in that ease, was denied
his claim. The rolls were not lost, the records
were not lost, but from some unaccountable cause
his name was not found.
Mr. HALL inquired if il was designed by the
committee that the rolls should be disputed by
testimony, or was it the intention of the commit •
tee to substitute that kind of proof, when the rolls
were lost
Mr. WILLIAMS. As I understood it, this
kind of proof was only intended for the case of
lost muster rolls.
Sir, the simple object I had in view in address-
ing the House, was for the purpose of endeavor-
ing to show that this third section was proper,
but I am willing that slight amendments should
be made. The report by the chairman of the
committee [Mr. Robinson] states that clerks in
' the Pension Office, in the opinion of the commit-
tee, did not do as much wont a they ought to have
: done. I arrived at the conclusion by visiting
them myself, and by visiting various departments
, in the Government.
I do not intend to censure the clerks in that De-
partment, nor do I wish to convey the idea that
the clerks in the Pension Office did less work than
the clerks in any other Department. On the con-
trary, I believe it is the custom for the clerks in all
the Departments to read newspapers in their rooms
i too long after the business hours have commenced.
I feel perfectly willing to say, that as far as I have
been informed, they have performed theirdutiesas
, well as the clerks in other Departments. Mr.
, Heath, the Commissioner of Pensions, stated, in
relation to the clerks in that Department, that they
have labored extremely well. I am of the opin-
ion, from what I can learn, that the clerks in any
of the Departments do not perform as large amount
of labor as could reasonably be expected of them.
' But I take this occasion to state, that I believe the
clerks in the Pension Department are worthy of
I no more censure than the clerks in any other De-
partment.
These are the facts in relation to this matter.
My
friend, in his speech, stated that no land warrants
had issued, and inquired, what these clerks have
been about—what they have been doing? Does
. the fact that no warrants had issued form the best
' evidence that they were not at work—tlyit they
were doing little or nothing ? They have the work
: to prepare, to- mark, record, and index, and get
ready. They could have been as busily employed
before warrants were issued, in taking preparatory
steps, as since they havebefen. My friend intimates
in nis remarks that there was, perhaps, a feeling
to throw obstacles in the way of carrying this law
into effect; but he does not charge it. Now, I ap-
peal to him on this floor, to say if the Secretary
of the Interior has not on every occasion mani-
fested the greatest anxiety and solicitude to carry
out this law ? He has furnished us with testimony;
he has furnished us every facility for carrying on
the investigation,and everything with willingness.
Mr. ROBINSON, (interrupting.) I stated in
my report that the Secretary of the Interior had
' performed his duties well, but I cannot Say as
much for the Commissioner of Pensions. I stated
' that the clerks in the Interior Department had
performed their duty well, but I cannot say as
much for the clerks in the Pension Office. The
Commissioner of Pensions showed no solicitude,
no ambition, in reference to his duties.*
Mr. WILLIAMS. I cannot say anything as
to the head of thePension bureau. 1 had no inter-
course or conversation with him upon this subject;
but injustice to Mr. Heath I will say, that in all
*8ee note of Mr. Robikson, page 884.
