884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 20,
ville, am the s«a*« road ftorn M oo« to Bainlvidge,
by way of Surknllc," aad the establishment of lime poet
office* on Mid route.
By Mr. DISVEV : The memorial of certain fit!tens of
Cincinnati,  «kin« Cnn*rrs  to remove the impediments to
a free niruim aroaud the Mh of tlM Ohio.
By Mr. MATTE30.N: The petition of J. 8. Abeel for
rehcf.
By Mr. BOYD : Hm aaMW of A. W. Babbit, asking
l)y adnumon am the loor of tl e House aa a Delegate from
I'toh.
By Mr. GOULD: The petition of a. Brajri and other*,
iahabtuulU of U'bM wuty, New York, ibr an appropria-
tin o( 430,000 tn improve tbe navigation of Rondout creek.
By Mr. WENTWORTH: The petition of eitixeni of
Bock I (land for a mail route from Rock I aland, via Moline,
Cleveland Ferry, Green River poet office, Canada Settle-
ment, Balbony'a grove, aad Indian town, to Pern.
Hors* or brniisTiiivii, Anury II, 1891.
Mr. Rives : Tow Reporter mistook both my language
and meaning in the few remarks I was permitted tn make
yesterday, while Mr. Wilums bad the floor, on the
boanty land bill. Ia reference to the much mooted third
•eelton, I only intended to say, that while tbe mMoiict of
the section ibelf was the conclusion and recommendation
of the committee, the language and structure was the Sec-
retary's, aad that I thought it correct, both in its intention
•nd language. I do aot charge, nor have not, that the pro-
visions are the recommendation of the Secretary.
I said nothing about the clerks in the Department of the
Interior, nor ia tbe Pension Office, in my remarks yester-
day. I did say, that the Secretary, in bis interview with
the committee, manifested a disposition to execute the law
promptly. I did not say as much for the Commissioner; and
in my allusion to the former, I only had reference to my
Interviews and correspondence with him as chairman of the
■elect committee.
For myself, I am quite willing to take all the responsibil-
ity of the thin) section, so far as it amounts to a modifica-
tion, and die rendering more liberal tbe rules of tbe Secre-
tary. I believe they might, and ought to be made still more
liberal. JOHN L. ROBINSON.
IN SENATE.
MrniT, Jamuoy 20,1851.
Tbe PRESIDENT of the Senate laid before the
body a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, transmitting a letter from the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, containing a list of all the
persons engaged in the Indian department for the
▼ear 1850, made in ^compliance with the law of
June 30, 1834.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, it was referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
the Treasury, made in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the 6th instant, transmitting the original
report of Dr. T. 0. Edwards and Dr. George B.
Loring, who were appointed to collect facts and
information in relation to the marine hospitals and
the marine hospital fund, under the provisions of
the act of 3d March, 1849.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, >
it was referred to the Committee on Commerce, j
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. JONES presented the petition of certain
citizens of the State of Iowa, asking the establish-
ment of a mail route from Hardin to Dekora, in
that State; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, a petition from citizens of Dubuque, m the
•ame State, asking a reduction of the rates of post-
age; which was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, a petition from citizens of the State of
Iowa, asking that the proceedings and debates of
Congress may be printed in phonotype; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. EWING presented the proceedings of a
meeting of American citizens in Liverpool, Eng-
land, in faror of the erection of a monument to
the memonr of General Zachary Taylor, setting
forth that President Taylor was a man whom they
loved for his many virtues, and trusted for his
great ability; that in his character the highest
traits of the soldier, the statesman, and the citizen
were harmoniously blended; that he has passed
through a lifetime of public service with eminent
usefulness and success, and that he died leaving
no spot on his name; which was referred to the
Committee on the Library.
Also, a memorial from citizens of Wyandot
county, in the State of Ohio, asking that the re-
mainder of the lands purchased of the Wyandot
u"aian* may k* offered at public sale to the nighest
bidder, and that the commissioners of Wyandot
county may be allowed to enter at the minimum
price, without regard to improvements, a certain
' portion of that tract for a poor-house; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, presented a pe-
tition from citizens of Falmouth, in tbe State of
Massachusetts, asking a reduction of the rates of
postage; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, the petition of Bethiah Black, daughter of
a revolutionary officer, asking to be allowed a pen-
sion in consideration of the services of her father;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Also, from George Vanderlyn, and other citi-
zens of New York, interested in patents, asking
that the bill now before Congress providing for
the amendment of the patent laws may be passed
during the present session.
Also, a similar petition from citizens of the same
8tate, for a similar purpose; both of which were
ordered to be laid on the table.
Mr. SHIELDS presented two petitions from
citizens of Illinois, asking the establishment of a
mail route from Edwardsville to Decatur, in that
State; which were referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a memorial from
citizens of New York, interested in vessels pro-
pelled in whole or in part by steam, asking that
Congress may not pass any law regulating tne use
of steam in steamboats without giving those most
largely interested in that mode of conveyance an
opportunity of being heard before a committee;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Also, three memorials asking that a law may be
passed to provide for the repeal of patents fraudu-
lently obtained and unlawfully issued; which were
ordered to He on the table.
Also, the petition of Joseph P. Pirson, asking
Congress to subscribe to a work edited and pub-
lished by him, entitled " Laws and Practice of all
Nations relating to Patents.for Inventions, with ta-
bles, of fees and forms," Ac., which Mr. D. said
he had no doubt was a very valuable work, and
he would move its reference to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office, as the most appro-
priate committee. The memorial was so referred.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition signed by
■ome'two or three hundred citizens of Vassalboro ,
in the State of Maine, asking the immediate repeal
of the fugitive slave bill; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. WINTHROP presented the memorial of
certain inhabitants of Palmer, in the State of Mas-
sachusetts , asking a modification of the patent laws;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. UPHAM presented the petition of Davis
Tucker, a soldier in the last war with Great Britain,
asking to be allowed arrears of pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CASS presented the petition of David P.
Weeks, asking arrears of pension; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Also, the petition of S. Griffin, asking a pension
on account of die services of her former husband,
Thomas Kibbyr as a musician in the marine
corps; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. PEARCE presented the memorial of Hans
Nelson, alias Kunsten, asking to be allowed pay
claimed to be due him as a seaman in the Navy of
the United States; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BALDWIN presented the petition of
Oliver Tucker, asking to be allowed a pension for
his services during the Revolutionary war; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented the memorial of
Joseph Valliere D'Hauterive, asking that the
United States court for the district of Arkansas
may be authorized to adjudicate his claim*'to a
tract of land granted by the Governor General of
Louisiana to said D'Hauterive in 1793; which
was referred to the Committee on the Public j
Lands.
Mr. MILLER. I have been requested to pre- i
sent the petition of Sarah R. Jenks, widow of
George J. Jenks, of Philadelphia, who states that
her husband was the owner of a ship called the
brig James, and that in the war of 1812 that ship
with its cargo was seized by the Spanish authori-
ties in Florida, and the whole was lost to the
owner. The claim was submitted to the commis-
sioners in Florida, and was allowed by them, but
She now asks that
I ask that the pe-
the Committee of
I has never been allowed here.
; the claim may be considered.
tition may be referred to
Claims.
The motion was agree^p.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion by Mr. DICKINSON, it was or-
dered that Gilbert Vrooman, heir-at-law of Peter
Vrooman, deceased, have leave to withdraw his
t petition and papers.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, it was ordered
that John Rossberry have leave to withdraw his
petition and papers.
On motion by Mr. PEARCE, it was ordered
that Richard T. Merrick have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers.
On motion by Mr. BELL, it was ordered that
the petition ana papers in the case of Clement and
Bryan, on the- files of the Senate, be referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. NORRIS, from the Committee of Claims,
to which was referred House bill No. 175, being
the bill for the relief of the legal representatives of
Bernard Todd, deceased, reported bark the same
without amendment, and recommended its pas-
sage.
Mr. BERRIEN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which was referred the bill to ascer-
tain and settle the private land claims in the State
of California, reported the same, with an amend-
ment, striking out all after the enacting clause and
substituting a new bill.
Mr. B. said he was instructed by the committee
to ask, as it was of some importance to have
prompt action on the bill, that it be made the
special order for Monday next; which motion was
agreed to.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to which was referred the
memorial of F. W. Johnson, submitted an adverse
report on the same; which was ordered to be
printed.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the memorial of Robert Jamison and Ben-
jamin Williamson, asking compensation for their
service in carrying the mail, submitted a report,
which was ordered to be printed, accompanied by
a bill for the relief of Robert Jamison and Benja-
| min Williamson; which was read and ordered to
j a second reading.
I Mr. PEARCE, from the Committee on the Li-
| brary, reported a joint resolution directing the dis-
j tribution of the works of Alexander Hamilton and
for other purposes; which was read and passed to
a second reading.
AMENDMENT TO THE RULES.
Mr. BADGER, from the select committee to
which was referred the following amendments to
the 10th rule of the Senate, which he submitted on
the 26th ultimo, reported back the same with some
| amendments:
Retolved, That the tenth rule of the Senate be amended
by adding thereto the following words:
" And every motion may be withdrawn by the mover at
: any time before a decision or amendment, except a motion
to reconsider, which shall not be withdrawn without leave
[ of the Senate."
Resolved, That the following be added to the rules of the
Senate:
" All motions to take up a bill, resolution, or other subject
which shall have been laid on the table; all motions to pro-
ceed to (he consideration of any subject, and all quest!ens
as to the priority of business, shall be decided without de-
bate."
He stated that the committee had adopted a
suggestion which was made by Mr. Bright,
when this subject was under consideration on the
30th ultimo, and besides some verbal amendments,
had added to the words, " or ordering the yeas
and nays." Thus amended, the committee rec-
ommend the adoption of the amendments. If the
recommendation of the committee be acquiesced
in, the rule will stand as follows:
" When a motion shall be made and seconded,_'t  hall be
reduced to writing, if desired by the President, or any
member, delivered in at the table, and read, before the same
shall be debated."
" And any motion may be withdrawn by the mover at
any time before a decision, amendment, or order of tke
yeat and nayt, except a motion to reconsider, which shall
not be withdrawn without leave of the Senate."
The proposed addition to the rules will read as
follows:
" A motion to take up a bill, resolution, or other subject,
which shall have been ordered to lie on tha table; a motion
