288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
Jan. 21.
the ocean to which there are no attractions to draw
periodically any portion of the citizens of the world,
either for business or for pleasure, when for every ;!
turkey that he buys he must pay three dollars,
and for every pound of mutton and beef from :
eighteen to twenty cents? There is no induce-
ment, in a social "point of view, for him to reside
there. Would they undertake the duties that would
devolve upon them, and be compelled to reside in
the place where the present judge resides? and if
they would, for what remuneration?
When gentlemen speak about the salary of
*2,500 as too large, I would ask, has not even the
judge of the noruiern district of Florida probably
as arduous duties to perform as either of the judges
in the State of Georgia or Alabama? I venture
to assume, sir, that neither of them is so over-
burdened with business in the ordinary time that
is consumed in the performance in the labor gen-
erally attached to a judgeship.
Mr. HARALSON, (interposing, who was verv
indistinctly heard,) was understood to speak as fol-
lows: I wish to say a word by way of explanation.
The gentleman from Virginia has drawn some
comparison between the labors of the district
judge of Georgia, and the labors of the judge of
the northern district of Florida, and I wish to say,
as an act of justice, that the district in the State
of Georgia is divided into two sections, and the dis-
trict courts are held at two places. The judge of
the district court of Georgia adjudicates over a pop-
ulation of about one million, while the northern
district of Florida does not contain one fifth part
of that population, and perhaps not half that; but I
have made no calculation. But, sir, it seems a
liule remarkable that the salary of the judge of
the northern district of Florida should be put on
a par with the salary of the district judge- of Geor-
gia.
Mr. MEADE. I did not yield the floor for a
speech. I thought the gentleman desired to cor-
rect a mistake into which I had fallen.
Mr. HARALSON. I am correcting one.
Mr. MEADE. By argument, not by testi-
mony.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida, (Mr. Meade yield-
ing the floor.) I rise purely for the purpose of
explanation. Gentlemen are remarking in regard
to the duties performed by the judge of the north-
ern district of Florida. I merely wish to state, that
the judge of that district is required by law to hold
his court at four several points in a year. The
district extends over five hundred miles, from Pen-
sacola to St. Augustine, and embraces a sea-coast
of one thousand miles. That is the reason why,
with a s mallerpapuU.tion, it is necessary to have
two judges in Florida, where only one judge would
be required in the State of Georgia or of Ohio. I
merely wish to make that explanation. If I have
an opportunity 1 may say something more on the
bill hereafter. •
Mr. MEADE. I can only say, that in the ex-
perience of my own State the amount of labor
devolving upon the district courts is by no means
dependent upon the amount of population. Our
State is divided into two districts, tne eastern and
western; and although the eastern district is upon
the Atlantic coast, the business of the western
judge is about four times as great as that which
has to be performed by the judge of the eastern
and more populous district. Where the one holds
one court the other holds eleven.
Now, Mr. Speaker, with reference to the ques-
tion put to me W the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Cartter,] I will say a few words. It was a very
pertinent question > and one which calls to my
mind a circumstance that transpired in the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. It was there proposed
that the salary of the judge at Key West should
be raised $5(X) higher than that now proposed;
and that proposition was actually put and carried
in the committee, raising the salary to $3,000 in-
stead of to $2,500. The committee believed, from
the testimony adduced in relation to the character
of the service, and the description of the life which
the judge must necessarily submit to, as a social
being, that he was richly entitled to $3,000; hence
the amendment was carried in the committee, and
1 was ordered to report it. But subsequently the
friends of the bill in the Senate, anxious that
it should be put upon its passage for the sake of
other provisions in it; and that it should pass
without any amendments and without dflfty we,
their instance, agreed to strike out our amend-
ment and report the bill as it came originally
from the Senate. I am certainly not disposed
unnecessarily to raise the salaries of judges. It
may be that the salary of the present judge of the
northern district of Florida is sufficient. I did not
investigate that point, or give it any particular at-
tention. But as respects the judge of the southern
district, at Key West, I do think that if the judge
of the Federal Court in the city of New York is i
entitled to his salary, which I think amounts to ,
43,000 or $4,000, or if any judge in the United States I
is entitled to his salary of $3,000,1 say that I
think that the judge at Key West is entitled to
double that amount. And if any of the judges
in the States of Alabama, or Georgia, or New I
York, had a proposition put to them to relinquish |
their present judgeship and accept that of Key j
West with a salary of $5,000, he would not make .
the exchange. 1
And I tell gentlemen, that when we have a
tribunal established at a place so important as
Key West—one in which it is so difficult to get a
judge of the proper degree of talent and character
to reside—one m which the commerce and coast
trade of the United States upon the Atlantic are so
intimately and closely concerned—I tell gentle--
men, I repeat, that they should not stop and in-
quire into the facts, as to whether or not $500 or
J700 should be added to the salary of such a judge,
have made the necessary inquiries in relation to
the judge of that district; and I have received tes-
timonials during the last session of Congress,
whilst this bill was before the committee, in refer-
ence to his character and his qualifications; and I
think that there is scarcely a man, of his age par-
ticularly, who is capable of enduring such an
amount of fatigue, or discharging so much busi-
, ness. There is no judge who can come with finer
or better testimonials, both as to ability and char-
acter. Whether he be Whig or Democrat, I cannot
tell this House, although I have associated with
him a few days since in Washington, where he
stopped a few days, on his way to New York. I"
cannot tell even to what party he belongs. _ I
' make this remark, not because I feel that it legiti-
mately belongs to this question, but because, the
Saestion has been asked in this House, whether
lis was not a scheme to raise the salary of a
Whigjudge. I care not whether he be a Whig or
Democratic judge; he has important interests of
the commerce of the country in his hands.
When I was interrupted some time ago, I was
about to remind theHouseof the immense influence
which people attempt to bring to bear upon all those
who have the fate of hundreds and thousands of dol-
lars in their hands. We feel it e**en here; we feel it
here every day, and it is necessary to pay a man to
fill this post,.who is capable of withstanding them,
and who has firmness and honesty of purpose as
well as legal learning. 1 believe that the present
judge possesses those qualities. The testimonials
which have been adduced before us, show him to
be worthy of the place which he now fills. Whether
the place is worthy of him is another question.
Whether he should not at once abandon it and
step into a wider theatre, is a question for him, and
not for me or this House, to determine. All that
I can say is, that we have been fortunate in se-
curing at that post, a judge capable of discharging
its duties without fear, favor, or affection, and that
is a quality which I consider almost, if not quite
superior to a knowledge of his profession.
sir, there is scarcely a case which comes before
that court which does not involve an amount of
money so great that the claimant interested in the
decision would offer almost any amount to the
judge as a bribe, to influence him in the decision
which he is about to give.
Mr. Speaker, I have now said all that I wish to
say. I nope the House
Mr. KING, of New Jersey, (interposidg;, and
Mr. Meade yielding the floor,) said that since he
had the honor of a seat on this floor, he had never
been to the city of New York without being ap-
plied to on behalf of those whose business interests
were involved in the question now under discus-
sion, to use what influence he possessed 
Mr. DUNHAM rose to a point of order. The
gentleman from Virginia had no right to yield the
floor for a speech.
The SPEAKER stated that, as the point of
order was made, the gentleman from VirginiA must
continue his remarks.
Mr. JONES. I wish to inquire of the gentle-
man from New Jersey [Mr. King] if the judge at
Key West was not formerly a citizen of New
York, and if all his friends do not live there?
Mr. KING. I believe he was, and New York
ought to be proud of him; but he lives as far from
the place which speaks in his favor a.<f the gentle-
man from Tennessee does. [A laugh.]
Mr. MEADE. I am astonished that such a
question should be asked. What odds does it
make whether this gentleman was born in the
State of New York, or in the State of Florida?
I am no relative of his. I never saw him until a
few days ago. I know him not, except through
his character and through the testimonials that
were voluntarily sent from the cities of New York
and New Orleans in his behalf. If he be entitled
to an increase of salary as a Floridian, would he
not be equally entitled to it if he was a native of
New York? Does the gentleman's vote depend
upon such considerations as that ? I am astonished
that one so practiced in legislation as he is, who
ought at any rate to be governed by feelings of a
much higher order than his question would seem to
indicate—I say I am astonished that he should
put such a question. Sir, he cannot be governed
t>y such considerations. But this gentleman is a
southerner, if he really intends to be governed by
the fact of his nativity or residence; he is a citizen
of Florida, and I know that he is at least as southern
in his feelings as the gentleman from Tennessee
can possibly be,
Mr. JONES. Will the gentleman yield me the
floor for a moment?
Mr. MEADE. I will for the purpose of ex-
planation.
Mr. JONES. My explanation is this. My
question was no indication of what my own vote
will depend upon; but the gentleman from New
Jersey, [Mr. King,] as I understood him, was
going on to state that whenever he went to New
York he was applied to by people there, whose
I interests were involved in the court at Key West,
to vote for the increase of this salary.
Mr. MEADE. That is not remarkable.
Mr. JONES. I put the question in order 19
find out whether the gentleman's friends do not
live there, and whether they did not want his sal-
ary increased.
Mr. MEADE. I do not believe that all the
merchants who addressed letters to the committee
on this subject are related to this gentleman, and
are interested in his behalf. Sir, there are other
motives to which the gentleman could ascribe the
anxiety and concern manifested by the merchants
of New York; and there being two motives, the
one legitimate and the other illegitimate, the gen-
tleman ought not to ascribe it to the latter.
Mr. JONES. I will ask the gentleman if the
interests of the merchants have ever suffered at
Key West in consequence of the judge having a
salary of only £2,000?
Mr. MEADE. Why, sir, I suppose there are
1 a great many public officers of this Government,
1 whose salaries were inadequate, and have been
| raised on that account, but it is no argument against
j the increase of the salary of an officer, that the
j incumbent is anxious for an increase. Is that the
sort of argument that the gentleman from Tennes-
1; see would employ when a meritorious public ser-
vant comes here and complains that his wages are
not equal to his hire ? I ask the gentleman from
' Tennessee, whether the duties of this House were
; less faithfully discharged when the per diem was
smaller than it is at this time ?
Mr. JONES. Yes, much better.
Mr. MEADE. Then the gentleman from Ten'
nessee [Mr. Jones] should propose to curtail
the per diem pay of members from eight-dollars to
six dollars. Let him agree, moreover, to receive
;i in place of <he allowance per mile made him, the
actual expenses he has incurred in traveling. The
| gentleman may then 
Mr. JONES, (interposing.) I will say, sir,
that I made a proposition in the Committee of
Ways and Means this morning, to reduce the
mileage allowed to members to one half what it
'j now is, but the committee voted it down.,
Mr. MEADE. The gentleman, then, is entitled
to very great credit in making such a proposition,
especially as he himself is very much interested in
1 it. But it may be that the gentleman from Ten-
,: nessee was influenced by a pressure from at home.
I Mr. JONES. Oh! I never had any pressure
jj in my life. [Laughter.]
