THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS 50 FOR THIS SESSION.
31*t Cohsuii, 2d Sbksion.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 23, 1851.
Wew Series PI°- 19.
Mr. MEADE. Perhaps the gentleman's con-
stituents may have required him to make such a
motion. 1 cannot tell him that may be; but I
would aak the gentleman if he does not believe
that he earns his salary here—that he has rendered
adequate services to the Government. If he thinks
that it is too much, in lieu of iatroducinga resolu-
tion to cot down the pay of all the members, let
him send the surplus, asking that it be put to the
credit of the Treasury «f the United States. Nov,
Mr. Speaker, 1 believe that Government does not
pay me quite enough. I generally spend more
than 1 get, and therefore I have no idea of giving
credit for any surplus.
Mr. BURT said: I, Mr. Speaker, rise to a point
order. I submit that the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Mcadb] has altbgether got off the
track. [Laughter.] His speech is very interesting;
and were not our time too preeious, and we had
leisure, I should be very glad to hear him. [Re-
newed laughter.]
The CHAIR. The debate is certainly taking
a very vide range, and gentlemen ought to con-
fine themselves to the subject under discussion.
Mr. MEADE. I think the House will acquit
ne of any intention of traveling out of the line of
(ay duty on this occasion; but I have been turned
aside by very impertinent questions. [Laughter.]
Yes, I may say, in the least offensive sense, that
I have been troubled with very impertinent ques-
tions, [laughter,] and that is the reason I nave
been somewhat rambling.
Ait, sir, I was discussing, before I was so much
interrupted, the legitimate merits of this bill.
Now, 1 call upon every man who has the interest
of his country at heart, and who would rather see
justice done at a large cost, than that injustice
Should be perpetrated for want of an adequate sal-
ary to compensate an able and an efficient judge,
to vote for this bill as it is now presented by the
committee. 1 call for the previous question.
Mr. JONES moved to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. KING, of New Jersey. I thought that the
Chair recognized me when the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Meade] resumed his seat.
The SPEAKER. The Chair wishes to know
«f the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Meaoe,]
whether he did or did not submit a motion for the
previous question before he sat down, and the
Chair had recognized the gentleman from New
Jersey? [Mr. King.]
Mr. MEADE. 1 called for the previous ques-
tion before I sat down.
Mr. KING appealed to the gentleman from
Virginia to withdraw his motion for the previous
question.
Mr. MEADE. If the gentleman will promise
to make a short speech. }
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Vir-
ginia called for the previous (question before he ;
closed his remarks, unless he withdraws that mo- j
tion the Chair must put that question. j
Mr. VAN DYKE. I understood that the Chair
recognized the gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr. j
King.] j
The SPEAKER. Several gentlemen applied j
for the floor before the gentleman from Virginia I
[Mr. Meade] had concluded. The Chair did not !
hear the gentleman's motion for the previous ques- j
tion, at the close of his remarks,until he had recog-
nized the gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr. King.] i
Mr. MEADE withdrew his motion for the pre- i
vlous question. j
Mr. JONES. Does that withdrawal set aside
my motion to lay on the table.
The SPEAKER said it did not. *
On the question of laying the bill on the table, a
division was taken—ayes 67, noes 59. Pending
the count Messrs. Jones and Cabtter called for
the yeas and nays, but withdrew that demand;
when Mr. Thompson demanded the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. CABELL. Would it be in order to say
that there are many- other provisions in this bill,
besides the one providing for an increase of salary,
that are important. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. It 4a not in order.
19
Mr. BURT. Before calling the roll, I desire to
know when the morjung hour will empire?
The SPEAKER. It will expire at thirteen
minutes past one.
Mr. BURT. Have I a right to arrest the call
of the yeas and nays when that hour expires ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
The question was then taken by yeas and nays,
and resulted—yeas 92, nays 91—as follows:
VEAS—Mean* Albertson, Alex*inUr, B*y, Bayly, Bety,
Bennett, Bingham, Bocock, Booth, Bowuu,J$oyd, Brisbin,
Wm. J. Brown, Buel, Joseph Cable, George A. Caldwell,
Campbell, Cartier, Cleveland, W. K. W. Cobb, Conger,
CroweS, Daniel, Dunmick, Dinaey, Doty, Dunham, Dar-
ken, Alexander Evans, Feattaeranwi, F«pler, Freed! ey, Ful-
ler, Giddiags, Gilbert, Gilniore, Gott, Green, CtaiJ, Hamil-
ton, Hampton, Haralson, Ishaia G. Harris, Henry, Howe,
Hunter, Inge, Andrew Johnson, Jones, Julian, Lefller,
IdttlefleM, Job Mann, Marshall, Mason, McCiwnend. Mc-
Donald, McGaogliey, Mcl,enahan, Robert M. McLane,
McMullen, JobnK. iXiiJer.Mdlson, Morris, Morrison, O Ids,
On*, Otis, Parker, Peck, Pitman, Potter, Reed, Reynolds,
Ricliaidson, Robbins, Robinson, Ross, Riunsey, Sackett,
Savage, Sawtelle, Richard H. Stanton, Thaddeas Stevens,
Stetson, Strong, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Waldo, Whit-
tlesey, Wildrick, WUmot, and Young—92.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Alston, Ashe, Averett, Bokee,
Bowdon, Bowie, Breck, Briggs, Brooks, Albert G. Brown,
Bullard, Burrows, Burt, Butler, E. C. Cabell, Joseph P.
Caldwell, Chandler, Clarke, Colcock, Cole, Carwin, Din-
ner, Deberry, Dickey, Duer, Duncan, Edmundson, Eliot,
Nathan Evans, Ewing, Fitch, Gentry, Goodenow, Gould,
Grinnell, Halloway, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L.
Harris, Hay, Haymond, Ilibbard, Hilliard, Hoaglaad, IIol-
iaday, Holmes, Houston, Howard, Joseph W. Jaeksou,
James L. Johnson, Kaufman, Kerr, James G. King, John
A. King, Horace Mann, Matteson, McDowell, McKissock,
Finis E. McLean, MeClaeen, Meacham, Meade, Moore,
Nelson, Ogle, Pbfflnit, Powell, Putnam, Bisley, Rockwell,
Rose, Seddon, Silvester, Spaulding, Sprague, Stanly, Fred-
erick P. Stanton, Taylor, James Thompson, Thurman,
Toombs, Underhill, Van Dyke, Vinton, Walden, Wat kins,
Wellborn, Wentworth, White, Williams, and Woodward
—91.
The SPEAKER, as required by the rale, cast
his vote in the negative.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
THE BUSINESS ON THE SPEAKER'S TABLE.
Mr. STRONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a privi-
leged question. I move that the House now pro-
ceed to the consideration of the business on the
Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. The question before the
House is upon the motion of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to proceed to the Consideration of
the business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. JONES. I rise to a question of order. I
understood the Chair to decide the other day,
and the House sustained him in that decision, that
when a question of privilege is called for, it needs
no motion to call it up. 1 appeal to the Chair if j
that was not his decision ?
The SPEAKER. The point made was, that
when a question of privilege was called for it
needed no motion to call it up. This is no ques-
tion of privilege. It is only a privilege at the close 1
of the morning hour to move to proceed to the
consideration of the business on the Speaker's ta-
ble- . , . ,
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania. 1 wish to
know how a motion can be qiade to change the
order of business?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has repeatedly
decided that it is in order, at any time after the
expiration of the morning hour, to move to proceed
to the consideration of the business on the Speak-
er's table.
The Chair will say to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Thompson,] that until the last ses-
sion of Congress, it was the custom to proceed to
the business on the Speaker's table at the expira-
tion of the morning hour, without a motion.
Since that time, it has been customary to submit a
motion to that effect.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Strong, and it was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The Speaker laid before the House the follow-
ing communication from the President of the Uni-
ted States, viz:. j
To ihe House of Rcprcievtatieei of tk* United Statei:
In compliance with a resolution of the House of Repre- ;
sentatives, adopted July 18,1#50, requesting the President |
to commanicate his views on sundry questions of rank,
precedence. and command among officers of the Army and
officers of the Navy, respectively, and of relative rank be-
tween oAcers ®f the Army and Navy when brought into
co-Speration, I caused to he convened a board of intelli-
gent and experienced officers in each branch of the service,
to consider the matters involved in said resolution, and to
report their opinion for my advice and information.
Their reports have been made, and 1 have the honor here-
with to submit copies of them, together with bills drafted
substantially in accordance therewith, on the subject of
rank in each branch of the service*
The subject is'one of great interest, and it is highly im-
portant that it should be settled by legislative authority, and
with as little delay as possible, consistently with its proper
examination.
The points on which it will be perceived that the two
boards disagree, in regard to relative rank between officers
of the Army and Navy, are not esteemed of very great prac-
tical importance. And the adoption of the rale proposed
by either, would be acceptable to the Executive.
Bat even if a decision on these shall be suspended, it is
hoped that the bills which are designed to regulate rank,
precedence, and command in the Army and Navy as sepa-
rate branches of service, may receive the sanction of Con-
gress, with such amendments as may be deemed appropriate,
in the course of the present session.
MILLARD FILLMORE.
Washington, January 14,1851.
. The communication having been read 
Mr. BURT moved that It be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and be printed.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, asked if it would
be possible to divide the reference of the commu-
nication ?
The SPEAKER replied, that so much as related
to the rank of officers of the Army could be referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and so much
as referred to naval affairs could be referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BURT. I would suggest to my friend
from Tennessee, [Mr. Stanton,] the chairman of
the Committee on Naval Affairs, that it would be
better to refer the whole communication to the
Committee on Military Affairs; because, if so
much as relates to rank in the Army be referred
to that committee, and so much as relates to naval
affairs be referred to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, there can be no concert of action between
the two committees. The Committee op Military
Affairs may, for instance, deem it their duty to
report in relation to the relative rank of the offi-
cers of the Army and Navy. In such case, my
friend from Tennessee will see that a reference of
that portion of the communication to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs will be unnecessary. I hope
it will be referred to. the Committee on Military
Mr. STANTON. I think the communication
properly goes to the two committees. It not only
refers to the relative rank of officers of the Army
and Navy, but I understand k refers also to thie
relative rank of officers in the line of the Army
in respect to each other, and similar officers in the
Navy. This matter (the relative rank between
officers in the Navy) should, I think, go exclu-
sively to the Committee on Naval Affairs. If,
however, it is deemed a matter of any great im-
portance, the Committee on Naval Affairs have a*
much labor as they can perform, and I will not
object to its reference to the Committee on Military
Anairs.
The question being on the reference of the com-
munication to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and having it printed, it was put, and carried in
the affirmative.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the following communications:
I. A letter from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting lists of clerks, and other persons employed
in the War Department, other than officers of the.
Army, during the year 1850. On motion by Mr
Jones, referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, and ordered to be printed.
II. A letter from the Secretary of the Navy,
transmitting a report from the Fourth Auditor of
the Treasury Department of the pay and allow-
ances of the several afficera of the Navy and Marine
Corps of the United States, for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1850. On motion by Mr. Stan-
ton, of Tennessee, referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
III. A letter from the Secretary of the Interior,
