290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 21,
transmitting & letter from the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs, accompanied by a list of all the per-
sons engaged in the Indian Department for the
year 1850, as required by the act of June 30,1834,
entitled "An act to provide, for the organization of
the Department of Indian Affairs." On motion
by Mr. Baylt, ordered to lie on the table and be
printed.
IV. A communication from the Navy Depart-
ment covering a statement showing the pay and
allowances to the several officers, as contained in
the Naval Register; which was ordered to lie on
the table and oe printed.
THE POTOMAC INSURANCE COMPANY.
The Senate bill entitled " An act to renew and
continue in force the charter of the Potomac In-
surance Company of Georgetown," came up in
order as business on the Speaker's table, on the
question of agreeing to the amendments of the
Senate to the amendments of the House.
The amendments of the Senate were read, being,
first,to insert the words "and liabilities" after the
word " debts;" and
Second, to add to the amendment of the House
making the stockholders liable in their private
property for the debts of the corporation, the
words, " to an amount equal to the capital stock
held by them respectively: Provided, That such
liabilities shall be confined to the stockholders who
were such when such debts were contracted or
liabilities incurred."
Mr. HALL inquired whether the question could
be so divided as to have a separate vote on each
■ amendment of the Senate ?
The SPEAKER responded in the affirmative.
Mr. HALL then called for a division.
The SPEAKER said the question would be
first on inserting the words " and liabilities" after
the word debts."
The question was taken and the amendment
was agreed to.
The question recurring on the second amend-
ment of the Senate,
Mr. HALL said: I understand the effect of the
amendment of the Senate to be nothing more nor
less than to defeat the whole object of the House
amendment. The proposition of the House was
to make these stockholders individually liable for
the debts of the corporation; but the Senate have
proposed an amendment providing that the corpo-
rators should be liable only to the extent of their
atock. That rendered the bill entirely nugatory;
and I consider the whole of it a perfect humbug,
since it has been so amended by the Senate; and
it will prove so, if passed in that form. I ask for
the yeas and nays upon the amendment.
Mr. INGE. I do not understand that to be the
effect of the amendment proposed by the Senate.
The amendment has been ably and learnedly
discussed in that body. The object of the amend-
ment was to impose an additional liability upon
the corporators, but a limited liability, ft must
have been known to this body—as it is well known
by every business man—that if an unlimited lia-
bility be imposed upon individual corporators, that
a charter would not be accepted. Individuals of
wealth, who usually invest money in enterprises
of this character, are not willing to hazard the
whole amount of their private property where the 1
risks are so great as in the case of fire insurance 1
companies. 1
I repeat, sir, if the amendment of the House is .
persisted in, that it will defeat the whole object
contemplated by the passage of this bill. The per- !
sons who ask for a renewal of their charter will
not accept it upon such conditions as are attempted •'
to be imposed here. This corporation, I believe, i
has been in existence for more than twenty years, i
and it has met all the demands which have been 1
made upon it. The persons chiefly interested in
this corporation, and who desire to have their 1
charter extended, are citizens of Georgetown. >
They applied by petition to this House for an ex-
tension of their charter. These petitioners ask for
no such liability as the gentleman from Missouri ';
[Mr. Hall] insists on imposing upon them. They
ask no deviation from the charters usually granted 1
to corporations in such cases. !
This subject of liability of corporations has un- ;
dergone much consideration in the New England
States, and_ in many cases additional liabilities
have been imposed upon the incorporators, but :
these have been always limited. In no cas#, as ',
tar as I am aware, has it been extended further -
| than it is proposed to be extended by the Senate
1 amendment.
Now, sir, the object of these corporations is of
the most beneficent character. It is impossible to
estimate the amount of distress, suffering, and
want, which is alleviated by fire insurance com-
panies. They operate most Den eficently upon the
poorer classes of society—those classes who feel
most strongly the need of such societies in time of
distress and calamity.
It seems to me that there can be no doubtabout the
propriety of concurring in the Senate amendment.
The amendment of the House, let me say, Mr.
Speaker, goes beyond the application of those who
are interested in this subject. The people of
Georgetown, who are the most interested, have
not asked the imposition of any additional liabil-
ity. I know that a prejudice exists in this House,
on the part of some, against corporations; and I
know that such prejudice exists in the country at
large. It is a feelfrig, too, with which I concur to
some extent. I concur in the general feeling of
opposition against banking incorporations; for
these incorporations have it in their power to
swindle the public. The object of such corpora-
tions is to speculate without incurring individual
liability, and to tamper with the currency. These
are legitimate objects of our watchfulness, and
they should be watched with extreme vigilance
and jealousy. But we ought to discriminate in re-
gard to corporations. Institutions like the one
now under discussion—to secure against losses by
, fire—onght not to be viewed'in the same light, and
with the same jealousy which is justly due to in-
corporations that control the currency. I insist
that cases just such as is provided for by this
i bill, deserve our encouragement; for they are
beneficent in their character. Notwithstanding the
( suspicion attempted to be excited against the peti-
; tion of this corporation, I hope that the House will
j concur in the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. BURT demanded the previous question,
which received a second, and the main question
. was ordered.
The question then being upon agreeing to the
. second amendment of the Senate,
1 Mr. HALL demanded the yeas and nays, and
called for tellers to ascertain whether thev were
■ ordered, and Mr. Hallowat, and Mr. Harris
of Illinois, were appointed. The count being had,
the tellers reported—ayes 30, noes 105.
So the yeas and nays were ordered; an4 the
question having been taken, the result was—yeas
117, nays 57—as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Alston, Ashe, Bayly,
Bokee, Booth, Bowdon, Bowie, Bowlin, Breck, Briggs,
Brooks, Albert G. Brown, Billiard, Burrows, Burt, Butter,
E. C. Cabell, Joseph P. Caldwell,Calvin, Campbell, Cartter,
Casey, Chandler, Clarke, Clingman, Colcock, Conger
Corwin, Crowell, Deberry, Dimmick, Duncan, Eliot, Alex-
ander Evans, Nathan Evans, Ewing, Featherston, Fowler,
Freedley, Gentry, Giddings, Gilbert, Gott, Gould, Grinnell,
Hallowav, Hampton, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. [
Harris, Hav, Haymond, Hebard, Henry, Hilliard, Houston, ]
Howard, Howe, Hunter, Inee, Joseph W. Jackson, Wil-
liam T. Jackson, James L. Johnson, Julian, Kerr, James i
G. King, John A. King, Horace Mann, Marshall, Matteson, 1
McGaughev, McKissock, Robert M. McLane, McQueen, !
McWillie, Meaeham, Moore, Morehead, Morton, Nelson,
Orr, Otis, Outlaw, Peck, Phtenix, Pitman, Reed, Reynolds,
Risley, Rockwell, Rose, Rumsey, Sackett, Sawtelle, Sed-
ilon, Shepperd, Bilvester, Spaulding, Sprague, Stanly, [
Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Stetson, Strong, I
Taylor, James Thompson, Thurman, Underbill, Van Dyke,
Vinton, Walden, Waldo. Wallace, Walking, Wellborn,
White, and Williams—117.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Averett, Bay, Bcale, Bocock, '
Boyd, Joseph Cable, Cleveland, W. R. W. Cobb, Daniel,
Danner, Doty, Dunham, Durkee, Edmundson, Fuller, Gil-
more, Green, Hall, Hamilton, Haralson, Harlan, Isham G.
Harris, Hibbard, Hoagland, Holladay, Andrew Johnson, '
Jones, Kaufman, I,a SSre, Leffler, Littlefield, Job Mann, !
Mason, MeClernand, McMullen, Meade, John K. Miller, «
Morris, Morrison, Olds, Phelps, Potter, Powe'l, Richard-
son, Bobbins, Robinson, Ross, Savage, Thaddeus Stevens,
Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Wentworth, Whittlesey, Wil-
drick, Wilmot, and Young—57.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. INGE moved to reconsider the vote just !
taken, and to lay the motion to reconsider on the I
table; which latter motion was agreed to. |
SENATE BILLS. ;
The following Senate bills lying on the Speak- '
er's table, were severally read a first and second ;
time by their titles, and referred as indicated below;
An act (No. 137) to regulate the pensions of
officers, soldiers, seamen, and marines who have
been, or may hereafter be, disabled while in
the service of the United States. Referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pension.
An act (No. 167) for the relief of Mrs. A. M.
Dade, widow of the late Major F. L. Dade,
United States Army. Referred jo the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
An act (No. 234) for the relief of Francis P.
Gardner. Referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
An act (No. 343) to make temporary provision
for the working and discovery of gold mines and
placers in California, and preserving order in the
gold mine district. Referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
An act (No. 360) for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of the late General Walter K. Armis-
tead, of the Army of the United States. Referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
A resolution (No. 38) providing for a distribu-
tion of the Annals of Congress. Referred to the
Committee on the Library.
An act (No. 156) for the settlement of certain
classes of" private land claims" within the limits
of the " Baron de Bastrop grant," and for allow-
ing preemptions to certain actual settlers, in the
event of the final adjudication of the title of the
said De Bastrop in favor of the United States.
Referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
A resolution (No. 39) authorizing the purchase
of certain portraits of the first five Presidents of
the United States. Referred to the Committee on
the Library.
An act (No. 237) to provide compensation to
such persons as may be designated by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to receive and keep the pub-
lic money under the fifteenth section of the act of
the 6th of August, 1846, for the additional services
required under that act. Referred to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means.
The Senate bill entitled " As act for the relief of
EbenezerDumont." Referred to the Committee of
Claims.
THE BOUNTY LAND LAW.
The Senate bill entitled " An act (No. 361) ex-
planatory of an act entitled ' An act grantingliounty
land to certain officers and soldiers who have been
: engaged in the military service of the United
. States' " coming up in order, was read a first and
second time by its title.
Mr. JONES. I ask that the bill be read through;
and will here say, that 1 intend to move to lay it
on the table.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I had risen for the
same purpose.
Mr. VINTON. I hope the bill will be referred;
The question then being on the motion to lay
the bill on the table,
Mr. McCLERNAND inquired, whether the
bill before the House is the Senate bill ?
The SPEAKER. It is a bill from the Senate
passed at the last session. It was received by the
House previous to its adjournment, but not acted
upon.
The bill was read, as follows:
j " Be it enacted, $c., That the fourth section of an act
entitled ' An act granting bounty land to certain officers and
soldiers who have been engaged in the military service of
the United States,' approved September 28,1850, shall be
I construed the same as though the words, £ of the patent'
were inserted after the word ' issue' where it occurs in the
j fourth line of said fourth section of the enrolled bill."
J Mr. VINTON called for the reading of the ori-
ginal law, so that the House might understand
! what would be the effect of the bill.
The SPEAKER said that the original law was
not at hand.
Mr. WENTWORTH rose to a point of order.
• He wished to know if the yeas and nays were not
; ordered when the bill was last before the House ?
The SPEAKER. The motion pending when
| the House adjourned was to suspend the rules, if
, the Chair recollects rightly, for he has not referred
to the Journal. It could not have been on its en-
j grossment preparatory to its being put upon its
j passage, because the bill has never been read in
| the House until this morning.
Mr. JONES. I will withdraw my motion to
lay on the table for a moment. This bill passed
the Senate on the last day of the last session.
It was designed to correct an error into which
it was said the clerk had fallen in enrolling the
amendments of the Senate to the bounty land
bill as it passed the House. The Senate so amend-
ed that bill as to provide that the warrants should
not be assignable prior to the issuing of the patent.
The House did not concur in that part of the
