1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
291
amendment of the Senate, for the reason, as it is i
alleged, that the clerk failed to enrol that part of I
jt~ This fact was ascertained on the Monday i
morning, the day of the adjournment of the last
session. The Senate run this bill through that
body, and sent it here to provide for the assign-
ment of warrants under the law as it was passed.
We have since passed a law, or joint resolution,
declaring that nothing in that law shall be so con-
strued as to prevent the assignment of these war-
rants. This bill seeks to provide for that assign- :
ment. I now renew my motion to lay the bill
upon the table. j
The question was then taken on the motion to 1
lay on the table, and carried in the affirmative—
ayes 32, noes 42.
The following Senate bills, coming up unorder,
were severally read a first and second time, and
referred as indicated below, viz.-
An act (No. 61) for the relief of the preemption
claimants of the lands upon which the towns of '
Port Madison and Burlington, in Iowa, are situ- ;
•ted. On motion by -Mr. Harris, of Illinois,
referred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
An act (No. 72) for the relief of E. Pavenstedt
and Schumaker. Referred to the Committee on
Commerce. i
An act (No. 96) granting relief to John A. t
McGaw, of New York. Referred to the commit-
tee on Commerce.
SCHOOL LANDS.
The Senate bill entitled " An act (No. .12) al-
lowing exchange of, and granting additional school
lands in the several States which contain public
lands, and for other purposes," coming up in order,
was read a first and second time by its title.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I ask that the bill ;
be put upon its passage. The bill is precisely .
similar in its provisions to bills which have been ,
introduced here previous sessions. It contains I
provisions that where school lands have been do- :
nated for educational purposes, and such lands
have proved to be worthless, other lands may be ,
selected in lieu thereof. It also provides that the '■
selection be made of Government lands not other- !
wise disposed of. It is a matter of great import- ;
ance that the biH should be passed, and I hope it i
will be acted on immediately. The application I
has been made to Congress for many years, at |
different sessions. As the matter now stands, j
these donations are entirely worthless. We ask !
for no more lands than have been already donated. 1
As the bit! provides only for the selections of other i
lands in lieu of those which are entirely worthless,
I hope the House will allow it to be put upon its :
passage. - ,
Mr. BOWLINsaid: This subject has been con-
sidered in the Committee on Public Lands, and '
they have all come to the same conclusions as i
presented in this bill. I do not see what reason i
there can be for delay. I therefore move that the '
bill be put upon its passage, and call for the pre- ;j
vious question. "
Mr. VINTON said he hoped the bill would not
pass without being referred  j j
The SPEAKER. Debate is out of order. :]
The question now being on seconding the de- !'
ntand for the previous question, it was put to the ;
House, and there was no second. ■" j
Mr. VINTON said: Mr. Chairman, I have no
objections to that bill if properly guarded. It
commences by saying that, " in lieu of all lands
which are unfit for cultivation of poor quality, and j
which are unsuitably located, the township in i
which the lands are situated shall have the right j
to change the location." Now, who is to decide 1
these facts ? Surely the bill does not provide for
this, if I did not mistake the reading of it. I find •
nothing at all in this bill which provides for such !
a case. Somebody must decide whether these I
lands are unfit for cultivation, and are unsuitably 11
located, and to the other facts specified as the basis : <
upon which the re-location of the lands is to be
made. If I am correct in this, then I say this bill ,
should not be passed under this gag law, Which
seems of late to nave become the prevailing practice
of this House. It should not be passed until an
amendment be adopted, which shall provide and ;
declare who is to decide these facts, and who shall ,
be authorized to make the change. Surely you
will not permit the townships themselves to make
the change in the location of lands. If not made j
by them, then some officer of the Government must .
make it. J
Again; I think that this bill should be guarded in
another respect. We have given authority to the
States in which the lands are situated, to lease and
sell these lands. A very large portion of these lands
have been leased and sold out in part. Where
that is the case, there should be some provision in
this bill which shall provide for these cases. Wher-
ever the lands are still the property of the township,
and are in fact poor and worthless, for one I am
willing that a change should be made—because I
am very sure that the lands appropriated to pur-
poses of education are much better disposed of
than by the mode which has npw become the prac-
tice of this House.
I am sure that it is better that these lands should
be give* for the purposes of education, than to
most of the objects to which they are generally giv-
en of late. I Hope that the House will send this bill
to the committee, to be corrected in its details;
and when so corrected I shall be prepared to sup-
port it. For this purpose, therefore, I move that
the bill be referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. MASON. I wish to include in the bill a
provision allowing soldiers who have received
bounty lands heretofore, which have beenlocated in
swamps, or in other places where the lands are
worthless—and which in many cases have been
forfeited on account of the nonpayment of taxes—
to change the location of these lands. I would
move, therefore, to incorporate such a provision
in this bill, if it is in order to amend the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the amendment cannot be made.
Mr. MASON. Will it be in order to instruct
the committee to make such amendment ?
The SPEAKER. It will not be in order.
Mr. MEADE. If I had heard the conversation ■
between the Chair and the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Mason,] I would not be under the
necessity of troubling the Chair again. I wish,
however, to ask the Chair if it would be in order :
to move an amendment to the motion made by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vinton,] so as to in-
struct thil committee to consider the subject gen-
erally ? And if donations are to be made to schools
in the new States, they should also consider the
expediency of making equal donations to schools
in the old States.
Here, sir, is a bill granting public lands for the
purpose of endowing schools in the States in whieh
the lands are situated. Wherever the sixteenth
section is of no value, other lands are to be sub-
stituted which at-e of some value. That is the ob-
ject of the bill.
Now, sir, I do not see the propriety or justice
of making these partial donations of the public
domain. The public lands are the common prop-
erty of the whole country. And if schools m
Iowa, Ohio, Illinois, Michigan, and other States,
are entitled to thise favors from the Federal Legis-
lature, it seems to me, sir, that the older States
should be also entitled, inasmuch as the older
States have had to bear, chiefly, the burden of the
debt contracted for the purchase of these lands,
for the extinguishment of the Indian titles, and for
the expenses incurred in surveying them. These
expenses are drawn equally from all the States of
the Union.
Congress holds this property as trustee, for the
equal benefit of all, and if distributed at all, it
should be equally distributed, and not doled out to
a few. If lands are to be given to the schools of
one State, an equal amount should be given to the
schools of the other States. I do not apprehend
that there was any obligation on the part of Con-
gress to give to the new States every sixteenth
section of land. This favor was gratuitous, and
they have no right to ask a substitution of good
for poor lands. The difference in value is just so
much taken out of the pockets of the other States.
When Congress is disposed to foster education—
to enlighten the public mind by this indirect assist-
ance, they should pay some regard to the benighted
in the old States also. . They should certainly
have their just proportion of all such donations.
And therefore I would move, if it be in order,
that the Committee on Public Lands, to which this
bill is to be referred, should report it back to this
House with an amendment looking to a general
and impartial system, by which the benefits
sought for by this bill should be secured to all the
States. I am entirely opposed to this partial legis-
lation- I am tired, for one, of being required, year
after year, to pay my share of the public expenses
incident to the purchase and surveys of the public
lands and the extinguishment of the Indian titles,
and at the same time to see these lands slip
gradually from me by this system of partial dis-
tribution.
If these lands are only to be given to schools
and colleges and internal improvements in the
West,—the Westshould pay for them The West,
and the West only, should extinguish the Indian
titles and make the surveys, if they are to derive
all the benefit from the lands. If I am to pay my
share of the expenses, I do insist that Congress
should, in sheer justice to me and my constituents,
adopt some system, by which equal justice should
be done to all. It is a question that must come
up for the deliberation of Congress. It cannot be
deferred much longer. Something must be done
to arrest a system by which the (3d States, while
their money is yearly poured out in streams for
the purchase of territory,«derive no benefit what-
ever from it.
I wish to see all the States put upon an equality
in this matter.
Mr. BOWLIN. Mr. Speaker, when I was up
I overlooked the matter that this bill is not pre-
cisely the same which we had before the commit-
tee. On reading it, I perceive that it provides for
the donation of additional sections. It is not the
same as was considered by the committee. I
thought it due to the House that I should make
this explanation, that I did not understand the
matter when I was up befpre.
Mr. MEADE. I have been desirous*from the
evidence 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Virginia
must submit his amendment.
The Chair understands the amendment of the
gentleman from Virginia to be to instruct the com-
mittee.
Mr. MEADE asked if he was not proceeding
in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to discuss
the bill itself. The gentleman can only discuss
his instructions to the committee.
Mr. MEADE. I wish, -sir, this committee to
be instructed to report a general systen).
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
gentleman from Virginia to make no motion.
Mr. MEADE. 1 move that the bill be referred
to the committee, with instructions to consider the
expediency of reporting a general system for aid-
ing schools in all the States.
Mr. ALBERTSON asked the gentleman from
Virginia to yield the floor, for the purpose of having
the second section of the bill read.
Mr. MEADE yielded the floor for that purpose.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, inquired if it was in
order to move to strike out the second section of
the bill?
The SPEAKER replied, that no motion to amend
the bill was in order pending the motion to com-
mit.
The second section of the bill was read by the
Clerk.
Mr. MEADE. I presume that my motion is
now before the House, to instruct the committee
to report a general bill in relation to donations of
public lands to schools.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can offer in-
structions to the committee to amend the bill, but he
can not offer instructions to report any other bill.
Mr. MEADE. I desire to instruct the com-
mittee so to amend the bill as to give an equal
share of the public lands to all the schools in the
United States.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, hoped the motion to
commit would be withdrawn, and that the House
would strike out the-second section and pass the
bill.
The SPEAKER called the gentleman to order.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Meade] was
entitled to the floor.
Mr. MEADE. I was about to state, Mr.
Speaker, that I have for some time been endeavor-
ing to find an opportunity to express my opinions
in relation to the policy pursued by the General
Government in reference to the public lands. Now,
we have had propositions and bills before us Con-
gress after Congress, granting the public lands to
schools and seminaries, to roads and canals; but
every donation of that sort is local in its character,
and confined entirely to the new States in which
there are public lands. The oonstitutiMud diffi-
