sm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 22,
•old and received the money for; and individuals
have settled upon it, and are now in possession of
valuable farms there.
It appeara to me, then, from this statement, that
these individuals who own this scrip are certainly
in no better situation, so far as equity is concerned,
than other individuals who hold unsatisfied Vir- j
ginia land warrants. It appears to me they stand •
upon precisely the same footing; and if it be right
to maice appropriations for the Denefit of the hold-
era of this scrip, we ought also to mak« an ap-
propriation for the benefit of the holders of the
unsatisfied Virginia land warrants. None of my
constituents have any interest in this matter. I
do not believe that there are half a dozen men in
the State of Missouri who have Virginia land
warrants.
I only make this motion because, from the ex-
amination which it became my duty to give to the
•ubjeet, I was satisfied that these Virginia land
warrants ought to be paid in land by the Govern-
ment of the United States. Let me call the atten-
tion of the House to the fact, that the whole of
these lands between the two lines (Ludlow's line
and Roberts's line) have been located by warrants
in the name of a gentleman from Ohio—Mr. Wal-
lace. He claims that this land in Ohio is subject
to these warrants legally. The Senate of the
United States have passed a bill, which was be-
fore one of the committees of this House at the
last session, to pay this Mr. Wallace some sev-
enty-odd thousand dollars for his land in the State
of Ohio.
Now, here are claims that the Senate of the
United States are willing to allow, and perhaps#
this House will fed itself called upon to allow,
unless something is done in the way of satisfying
these outstanding warrants. I believe Mr. Wal-
lace is willing to take land elsewhere. It appears
to me that the interests of the Government, as well
as the requirements of justice, demand that some-
thing. should be done for the benefit of these out-
standing land warrants.
I am informed by those who I think understand
this matter thoroughly, that the land required to
satisfy the whole of these warrants will not ex-
ceed Ave hundred thousand acres; and while we are
so liberally making grants to soldiers who served
in the war of 1812 and in the Indians wars, I
think it only fair and reasonable that we should
exercise a little liberality towards those who served j
in the revolutionary war, and who now hold land j
warrants that have not been satisfied or located, I
because there are no lands in the reserved tract in |
the State of Ohio worth locating upon. I move j
that the bill be recommitted to the Committee on j
Private Land Claims. j
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. One word, sir, in i
reference to this bill. It seems to me that the g;en- j
tleman from Missouri can better reach the object :
he wishes to attain, by a general bill. But I pro-
test against the private bills being loaded down by
provisions for the purpose which he indicates. I
fully indorse the sentiments which the gentleman
has expressed as to the propriety of a provision
for the location of these warrants. They were is-
sued many years ago, for meritorious services,
and the faith of the Government in their issue
ought to be fully redeemed. But this is the appli-
cation of an individual who has held these land
warrants for eighteen years, and has been con-
stantly endeavoring to obtain the proof necessary
as to the original assignment, but the heirs of the
parties who assigned the warrants to him, of
whom there are a great number, are scattered all 1
over the country, and some have gone to parts un-
known and it is impossible to find them; and this
•crip is therefore entirely worthless in his hands.
He comes now to the House, showing ample proof
that the assignment to him of the warrants was
made in good faith, although not exactly accord-
ing to law, and asks permission to locate them. 11
I would vote most readily for a bill to accom-
plish the purpose at which the gentleman from
Missouri aims, but 1 can see no propriety in re-
ferring this private bill back to the committee with 1
instructions to report a general bill. This is not Ji
a private land claim; it is not the application of a ■
private individual for his own benefit. It is a dif-
ferent case altogether. I hope the bill will not be
recommitted, but will be taken up and passed by
the House, and allow this individual to locate the
land warrants which he has held for so long a time.
And now, with a view of preventing the consump-
tion of anymore time in debate upon this bill, and
of determining it either by approval or rejection,
I call for the previous question.
The previous question received a second, and
the main question was ordered, which main ques-
tion was first on the motion to recommit the bill.
The question being taken on the motion to re-
commit, it was carried in the affirmative.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the rules of the House
be suspended, and the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on tl^ state of the Union.
Mr. BURT inquired if the morning hour had
expired ?
The SPEAKER replied that the morning hour
had not expired, but that the motion of the gen-
tleman from Virginia was in order without refer-
ence to the morning hour.
Mr. BURT. Well, sir, as the gentleman from
Virginia does not choose to wait till the expiration
of the morning hour, I call for the yeas and nays
on his motion.
Mr. KAUFMAN was understood to inquire if
the business on the Speaker's table was yesterday
disposed of?
The SPEAKER said that it was not.
The yeas and nays were ordered on Mr. Bat-
lt's motion.
Mr. BAYLY withdrew his motion.
Mr. BRECK here asked permission to make a
report from the Committee on the Judiciary?
Mr. McCLERNAND objected to the reception
of any report out of its order.
The SPEAKER said that as objection was made
the report could not be received.
PRE-EMPTION TO SETTLERS ON THE MAI-
SON BOUGE GRANT.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, to which was referred Sen-
ate bill No. 68, entitled " An act to grant the right
of preemption to certain purchasers and settlers
on the Maison Rouge Grant, in the event of the
final adjudication of the title in favor of the United
States, reported back the same without amend-
ment, and with a recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. W. asked that the bill might now be read
and put upon its passage.
The SPEAKER saia that the question now was
on ordering the bill to a third reading.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, said that
this was a matter of some importance, and one
that deserved consideration; ana he would there-
ore move that the bill be committed to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union;
and he asked the previous question.
Mr. MORSE requested the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to withdraw the motion for the pre-
vious question, to allow him to make a brief ex-
planation to the House.
Mr. THOMPSON agreed to withdraw thff mo-
tion if the gentleman would renew it when he had
concluded his explanation.
Mr. MORSE. I hope the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will yield me the floor for a moment, for
the purpose of explanation.
Mr. THOMPSON having yielded the floor,
Mr. MORSE said: I beg gentlemen, as a par-
ticular favor, to lent! me their attention for a few
minutes, and if I do not convince every member
on this floor of the perfect justice of this bill, and
of the necessity that it should be passed thif day,
I will never ask another favor of this body. I ask
this House to pass this bill to-day, in view of the
fact that a judgment will probably be given to-
morrow in this very case, which is now under con-
sideration in the Supreme Court. It is probable,
as 1 have said, that it will be decided to-morrow.
It will be seen that the claimants in this case
do not ask any favor. These people come into
this House with a statement that they have pur-
chased a large amount of property in the State of
Lousiana, covering nearly an entire county in the
district which I have the honor ,to represent.
These lands they purchased of Daniel W. Cox, of
Pennsylvania; the money has been paid to this
gentleman, who was the assignee of a large amount
of land.
A case is now brought before the Supreme
Court of the United States, arising out of this
transaction, between the assignee of this land and
the United States,' as to the legal right or title of
the former to this property. The present appli-
cation is made, thatin the event of judgment being
rendered in favor of the title of the United States
to the land, those who have paid the defendent in
Ihis suit for it, may have the liberty of buying it
again of the United States.
Why, Mr. Speaker, here is land worth at the
present time upwards of fifty dollars, made so by
the labor that has been bestowed upon it by the
people who purchased it. The wooded land has
been cleared at a cost of from five to fifty dollars
in addition to the price that was originally paid
for it. However, these people are willing to lose
their purchase money, should the case be decided
in favor of the United States; they only desire to
have the right, if the United States should recover
these lands—as they have done in some cases—
that they should have the right of preemption on
their own farms, which by their own labor and
capital they have improved.
• Such is the justice of their claim, that the State
of Louisiana, which is entitled to five hundred
thousand acres of land, has decided, in case this
suit be decided in the Supreme Court in favor of
the United States, to give their citizens a preemp-
tion right, and secure them from having to pay
an enormous price for land for their own planta-
tions that have been rendered valuable by the
labor that they have bestowed upon it. Many of
them have been born on these lands, and are
looked upon by them in the light of homesteads.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, made a re-
mark wholly inaujible at the Reporter's desk.
Mr. MORSE. The United States have often
refused to put this land into the market. Until the
last year the United States also refused to try the
validity of their claim to these lands; and it is be-
cause, now that the claim is instituted, and it is
probable that the judgment may be given in favor
of the United States, that this bill is urged to pro-
tect these people, who have purchased of another
assignee, perhaps from total ruin. The applica-
tion is simply made to enable them to permit them
to retain this land, which they had paid Daniel
W. Cox $5 50 per acre for, by paying the United
States for it again. It simply demands, that if the
United States should recover this land, that they
should be allowed to purchase a preemption right
for ten cents per acre.
I am under a pledge to renew the previous ques-
tion, and have merely addressed the House be-
cause I was desirous to convince the House of
the justice and necessity of passing this bill at
once.
Mr. STRONG (Mr. Morse withdrawing his
motion for the previous question) said: In refer-
ence to this matter I merely desire to say, that I
am opposed to legislating, as a general principle,
in reference to pending questions. Such legisla-
tion is always dangerous. I understand that the
Supreme Court is now engaged on this case; and
if the decision of that court should determine that
these sales are good, and that the United States
have not a title to the land, then any confirmatory
act is quite unnecessary. I should like to ask,
whether it will not be time enough to confirm
those grants when it shall have been decided that
the United States has a title to them ?
Mr. MORSE. I see the necessity of this case
is not understood. If it shall be decided to-day
that these lands belong to the United States, to-
morrow, or just as soon as the telegraph' shall
have spread the news, claimants owning warrants
to Government land will come here and claim
these lands, and perhaps compel the present occu-
pants to pay exorbitant prices for it.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I understand this land
to be in suit between individuals and the United
States; and that, if the suit goes against the indi-
viduals, the lands will become immediately sub-
ject to private entry by other persons at $1 25 per
acre. The gentleman is mistaken if these lands
have not been ordered into market by the procla-
mation of the United States, which is a necessary
preliminary in order to the sale of public lands in
the land offices.
Mr. MORSE. I think that the gentleman is
mistaken as to the land laws upon that subject. I
am of opinion, that as the law stands, the preemp-
tion and right of settlement is open to all persons,
as upon all other lands of the United States. They
are not open to be sold bv public auction until
an order from Government; but settlers may go on
them immediately with a view to a preemption.
Mr. VINTON. I wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Louisiana, if these petitioners are in
possession of this land?
