#00
THE CONCrRSSSIONAIy GLOBE.
Jan. 21
dor stand up hew and say we are the friends of
that measure.
The gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Mar-
shxlli] when he addressed the House the othjr
day^-and I was sorry to find it so—arrayed him-
self in opposition to the biJl which the aeleet com-
mittee reported for the purpose of enabling the
Departments to have it properly executed. He
commenced his speech with the announcement
that he was the ardent friend of that law. I should
be pleased to know how any one could be the ar-
dent friend of a law, and yet refuse to provide the
ways and means for carrying it into execution.
It is knpwn that this Administration is not one
of my choosing. It is knoifei that I hare no po-
litical partiality for it. I have nothing to do with
the patronage of this Administration. I have no
power to make appointments. I have no power
to say who should be the Third Auditor, or who
should be the Commissioner of Pensions, inasmuch
as the Administration in power is opposed to the
political principles which I hold. All I can do is,
to vote it the ways and means to carry on the
machinery of Government, and then leave the re-
sponsibility to them for their proper application.
And I will here remark, that notwithstanding we
politically disagree, as far as the Third Auditor is
concerned, in the intercourse I have had with that
gentleman, he has evinced every disposition to
carry this law into effect; and I will say further,
that whenever I have had occasion to go to that
Department, I have invariably found him at work.
I believe he is a working man. I believe also Mr.
Rind, who has charge of the rolls, is a working
man. I believe these gentlemen are doing all in
their power to facilitate the examination of the
rolls of which the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Mmuball] has spoken. The committee went
into the tombs, as they are called, where the rolls
are on deposit. They examined them, and took the
testimony of Mr. Rind, who has had charge of them
for more than twenty years, in relation to them,
and they came to the conclusion, that the best which
• could be done with them would be to leave them
where they are, and give the force required for
their examination. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky is in favor of printing them in all the news-
papers in the United States, in order to give every
one an opportunity of examining them for him-
self. Why, sir, it would take all the newspapers
in the United States three years or more to per-
form this task. It is not the examination of the
roll of a single company merely, but you have to
go through an indefinite number of rolls for the
same company. These men Are scattered in every
portion of the country. The publication of the
list of names in any one county in Kentucky or
Indiana would be of little or no consequence, even
if it were practicable. More than half the persons
whose names are found upon the rolls are dead.
For my part, I am quite willing, though opposed
to this Administration, to vote them every dollar—
to vote ihem every man they ask'—to carry out
that law. I want to give them all the money and
all the men they ask for, to see whether they will
carry it out in good faith.
I believe I have stated that there has been an
unnecessary delay in issuing these warrants. The
reason for the delay, and the only one now left,
is, that the engravings from which the warrants
are to be printed have not yet been furnished. I
think these engravings ought never to have been
ordered—that they were wholly unnecessary.
This Government has enacted bounty land laws
heretofore, and warrants have been printed upon
common letter press, as the .old Commissioner of
Pensions well says. If the Secretary of the Interior
had adopted the same course in relation to prepar-
ing these warrants that was pursued with fonper
ones, they would have been issued within twenty
days .after the passage of the law. He has, how-
ever, gone to tne trouble and expense of ordering
engravings, and they have not yet been furnished;
and this has caused the delay in issuing the war-
rants. I think that this course has involved an
unnecessary delay and an unnecessary expense;
but that we cannot help now. We must repeal
the law, or we must give the ways and means for
carrying it into effect. I intend to move, when
the proper time arrives, to insert a section in the
deficiency bill providing the money to the Third
Auditor's office necessary to employ the additional
force he retmires. I also intend to move • that we
gtvt to the Department of the Interior the money
for paying the clerks in the Pension
ce. it seems to me we can do no more and no
less than this. The clerks have already been ap-
pointed; they are now in those offices, and they
ought to be paid. I call upon die friends of this
law, when the motion is made, to stand up and vote
for such provisions, so that this Administration
may be left without an excuse for not carrying
this law into effect. The bill which I had the
honor to present here has been the subject of pome
debate.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, interrupted
Mr. R., and was understood to say: I know the
gentleman from Indiana has given much attention
to this subject of bounty lands. I have had some
business myself to transact in relation to those
grants, which I have been unable to commute be-
cause the warrants have not been issued. I desire
to know of the gentleman from Indiana why it is
the Commissioner of Pensions does not go on
with the issue of these warrants ? He has now a
large force employed, and I wish to know why
there is not some progress made ?
Mr. ROBINSON. I thought I had explained
this matter sufficiently already. If the gentleman
will take the trouble to read the report of the se-
lect committee, he will find the excuse they give.
I will repeat, the excuses given by those con-
nected with the Pension Office for this delay is
this: In the first place, the engravings they have
ordered upon which to issue the warrants have not
been furnished by the engraver, and on this ac-
count they have not been issued. The committee
found this reason was not satisfactory.
Mr. THOMPSON. I am told some warrants
have been issued. Now, if they have been able
to issue any warrants at all, I do not see why
they have not been able to issue more.
Mr. ROBINSON. Since the report of the com-
mittee was made I am advised that two sets of the
engravings which were ordered have been re-
ceived—the one hundred and sixty acre and the
forty acre plates. They have ordered three sets
of plates—one hundred and sixty acre, eighty
acre, and a forty acre plate.
[Here several sentences were entirely inaudible.]
When I was last in the Pension Office they had
a one hundred and sixty acre plate, and had com-
menced issuing warrants.
When the Commissioner of Pensions announced
that they had commenced the issue of the warrants,
there was but one issued—but one solitary war-
rant.
Now, Mr. Chaiitnan, I desire to deal tenderly
with this Commissioner of Pensions. Lpt me re-
mark that the report never mentions thenaijrieofthe
Commissioner of Pensions. We reported in favor
of furnishing that office with every facility necessa-
ry to carry on their operations without embarrass-
ment. I had some few copies of that pamphlet
report published, and having a great jmanyof those
applications myself in charge, I added a card for
the information of my constituents—for their pri-
vate eye. I stated that I did not know when they
would get their warrants; for, as far as these offi-
cers were concerned, they manifested but little
interest in the,discharge of their duty. Itseemsthat
this met tlie eye of the Cootmissioner of Pensions,
who thought it necessary to publish a letter in all
the city papers, with the request that country
papers would copy it, repelling these charges.
Now, when I wrote that letter, I did not think
of the Commissioner of Pensions at all, for as far as
he was concerned in the examination of the whole
subject, I regarded him as a tnere cipher. He
afforded no information in that examination. We
asked him for no information. It is true, he signed
the letters addressed from that Bureau to the com-
mittee, but I regarded him as only the nominal
head, and his signature pro forma.
I have no doubt he is a very clever old gentle-
man, but he is too old for the place. That office re-
quires an energetic, vigorous, and active head.
The former Commissioner was turned out on
account of his age and inefficiency. I will say
this: that I believe the present Commissioner is
not by any means as efficient as was the former,
and I thought the former not sufficiently so.
These are my opinions, honestly entertained.
I have sought no conflict or issue with the present
Commissioner; and if he had not obtruded nimself
unnecessarily upon the public as the champion of
the Secretary of the Interior and his whole bureau,
I should not have noticed hum. He has, how-
ever, intimated that I have not told the truth in
relation to this matter, and further intimates that
I am unworthy of his notice, but for my station
in Congress.
I hope I have now explained to the gentleman
from Mississippi to his satisfaction in reference to
the delay. I do not attempt to apologize for that
delay. I think it was on account of the unneces-
sary course of the Secretary of the Interior, in or-
dering the engravings alluded to. But the House
cannot undo this. We can neither remove nor
appoint an officer, if we have the disposition. All
we can do is, to vote the Government the neces-
sary supplies for carrying on its operations, and
leave the responsibility with the Executive.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, was under-
stood to ask if the clerks in the Pension Office
have been engaged on the rolls at all? If they
have been making preparations for issuing the
warrants with promptness when the plates on
which they are to be engraved shall be furnished?
Mr. ROBINSON. I understand there are now
thirty-seven new clerks in the Pension Office, ap-
pointed with a view to execute this law. These
clerks are now engaged, and have been engaged
for some tirfle past, in receiving and registering
applications, and in sending those applications,
when necessary, to the Third Auditor's office, to
be examined. As soon as the plates are furnished,
they will be ready to issue the warrants. I am
told they have the forty and one hundred and
sixty acre plates ready.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, was under-
stood to inquire, whether it was not the rule in re-
lation to the examination of cases, to decide cases
as soon as filed ?
Mr. ROBINSON. No, sir; that is not the
rule. The rule is to take up the applications-in
turn—in the order in which they are filed. They
then decide whether there is sufficient proof or
not. They make no preliminary examination.
The system is so bad in that office that if you
were to write a letter to-day, asking whether cer-
tain applications had been filed under the law, it
would perhaps take a week for them to find that
out. I have had a great many letters written to
me in relation to these applications; but knowing,
as I do, that it is almost impossible to look up a
particular case, I have not required them to at-
tempt it.
Mr. INGE. I will state, I had occasion some
time ago to inquire at the Pension Office if a cer-
tain application had been placed on file, and was
informed that the case could not be found. It
seems there has been no system whatever in the
registration of applications in that office. It is
certainly a very extraordinary state of things.
Mr. ROBINSON. If gentlemen will examite
the report of the Secretary of the Interior and the
appendix of the report, they will learn the condi-
tion of things when Congress met. They will find
that after or about the first of December the appli-
cations began to come in in large quantities in
some cases, thousands per day. The consequence
was, it was impossible for the clerks to record
them as fast as they came in. They had to lay
them aside. The business of registering and in-
dexing all the applications required a great deal of
time, and it was found impossible to index and
register them, from time to time, as fast as they
came in. I say this much in justice to those em-
ployed in the Pension Office. I believe, if a man
presents an application, it is no more than right
that he should wait till his proper turn. They
cannot, in the office, determine in advance. It
would also make double the work—for they would
have to look them all over again afterwards.
Mr. ALBERTSON. It is impassible, until
compared with the muster-rolls, to determine
whether a case is a good one  r not, and this ex-
amination is at another bureau.
Mr. ROBINSON. In order to find out whether
a man is entitled to land or not, die Commissioner
must send to the proper bureau to examine the
rolls. This cannot be done in a minute. When
these cases come in at the rate they have, I am not
disposed to find fault with the Commissioner of
Pensions on this head.
The present chief clerk I regard as a tolerable
officer. I do not believe he is a man who possesses
the qualification to manage such a large bureau as
well as some men, but he is a man of great indus-
try, and disposed to do as well as he can, and to ac-
commodate every one who has business with him.
