1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
801
Another word villi regard to this examination,
Stare ihf report of the select committee has been
•ubmmrd, two letter* have been receired from the
Third Auditor's office. He naked, in the first
jptace, for twenty additional clerk*, and stated that
that would be a Miacai number. Now, he state#
that  i#Ker will not be sufficient, and a.*ks that
the bill may be ao modified aa to leave the number
•nlimited. One of the reasons given for this re-
qu«st n, that member* of Congress who have ap-
plications tn their charge will rome and ask for a
preliminary examinationthat so much time is
expended in theae preliminary examinations that
the federal elimination   much retarded. Now,
if member* of Congress are disposed -to trouble
the officer* in the Third Auditor's office in this
■waiter. they surely will hare liberality enough to
vote him the means to make them.
I will here say, that if gentlemen wish to make
mit further inquiries in relation to this matter, I
•hall be happy to answer them.
The question for this Congress to decide is,
whether, alter the passage of the taw firing bounty
land to soldiers, we shall come forward and vote
war* ami means for carrying that brtr into effect ?
It is not how Government officers shall perform
their duty.
Mr. CLEVELAND. In justice to those gen-
tlemen, who have been indirectly attacked, I will
slate, that I have received applications made by
gentlemen who are unable to prove their service.
These applications have been presented to the
Third Auditor's office, as they have no other
artflsns of ascertaining whether they are entitled to
bounty land. In my intercourse with these offi-
cers in the Pennon Department, and with Mr. Qal-
iaher himself, I have never met gentlemen in my
life more ready to do their duty in every respect,
to famish any information required, than Uiese
gentlemen. I have rarely ever found a gentleman
whom I believed belter qualified for the duties of
this oflce than the chief clerk in the Pennon Of-
fice, Mr. Evans. I believe he is entitled to civil
treatment in this House. With regard to Mr.
Galhther, I will say, I have never found a man
more ready to perform his duty in every respect;
and I feel bound to give this testimony in his
favor—though I do not like his politics, 1 do like
his gentlemanly conduct and his efficiency as a
public officer. My rule is, to award justice to
every man. 1 do not believe we should make any
party capital out of this ease, because this gentle-
man belongs to a different school of politics from
ourselves.
Mr. ROBINSON continued. I have no desire
to make political capital out of this matter. I am
willing to award credit where credit is due. I
have intended to do so in the report I submitted,
and in the speeches I have made on the subject.
My colleague [Mr. Gorman] the other day rec-
ommended the removal of these rolls from the
Third Auditor's office to the control of the Second
Auditor, and passed a high eulogy upon the indus-
try, efficiency, and ability of that officer. I concur
with my colleague folly in all he says in reference
to that officer—Whig as he is, and I believe he
is about as ultra a Whig as men generally get to
be. I care nothing about that. I am opposed lp
that removal ta Ms. I am satisfied the removal
of th«e rolls would prejudice the public in-
terest* in many ways. These rolls are placed
in the Third Auditor * office for the purpose of be-
ing vouchers for the payment of large sums of
money that have been paid out to officer* and sol-
diers.
In addition to that, they are placed under the
charge of that gentleman in order to make pay-
ment of all arrears that may yet be due, and to ad- 1
minister such pension laws as devolve upon that
office. Their removal would involve the passage
of several other laws for transferring duties now
before that Bureau to the other.
I think it ought not to be done. These are my
opinions upon that subject. If you were to under-
take to copy these rolls, covering, as they do, a
period of more than sixty years, it would require
s very great clerical force to do it. You have no
idea now much labor would be required to copy
them unless you examine them personally your-
self.
Now, Mr. Chairman, so far as the Third Aud-
itor's office is concerned, there is no difficulty in
the execution of the law at all. Give him the
reasonable force that he asks for, and you will
meet with no delay or obstruction, so far aa that
bureau is concerned. Place a vigorous, energetic,
competent man at the head of the Pension Bureau,
or place a competent man at the head of this corps
of clerks that are asked for, separate from the
other duties of that bureau, and you will have the
law executed in a reasonable Ume. The Com-
missioner of Pensions has estimated the number
of applications that will come under this law at two
hundred and fifty thousand. I differ materially
from that opinion. No! over forty thousand cases
have been Bled; and I venture the prediction that
you will not have forty thousand more filed within
ihe present year.
Mr. HAYMOND, who was indistinctly heard
at the Reporter's desk, was understood to say: I
want the chairman of the committee to declare
whether there is need of twenty or twenty-five
clerks being employed in the examination of the
rolls, and whether it is true, as stated by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall,] that
but one clerk can be employed at a time ?
Mr. ROBINSON. I will tell you the facts
about this thing: There is a book in the Third
Auditor's Bureau alphabetically arranged, contain-
ing the names of the officers engaged in the late
war. You have but to refer to th'at book for the
purpose of finding the name of the captain under
whom the soldiers served. Finding the name of
the captain, you then see the name of the pay-
master, and you can at once go to the appropriate
roll and see whether the name of the- soldier can
be found. So far from its being impracticable to
employ more than one clerk, an indefinite number
of clerics can be profitably employed. The gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Marshall] is en-
tirely mistaken in his hypothesis that only one or
two clerks can be profitably employed at a time.
I am quite confident that they can profitably em-
ploy the number asked for, and I shall vote for
them.
Mr. Chairman, mpch was said, when thjs
bill was discussed the Other day, in reference \p
the third section. I desire to say a few words in
reference td it now. The committee, in examining
the regulations which the Secretary of the Interior
had caused to be adopted, in order to make out
the applications and proofs, to secure the advan-
tages of this bounty land law, concluded that they
were in some respects too complex, and two rigid, ,
and therefore recommended a modification of;
them. This third section embraced those modifi- '
cations. Thecommittee recommended such modifi-
cations to be made, and they take the responsibility
of so acting upon themselves alone. I wish, how-
ever, to say, in reference to this matter, that the
language and structure of the section, but not the
ideas, were the work of the Secretary. I think he
has drawn it up properly and in such a manner as
will most effectually carry out the intentions of
the committee; and I am decidedly of the opinion
that the House ought to pass the bill with the third
section included. But this is a minor considera-
tion. If gentlemen do not like that section, let
them not make it an objection to the bill, but strike
it out. I believe the section ought to be incorpo-
rated in it, but if it be struck out, 1 shall vote for
the bill without it.
This third section simply provides for this: that
inasmuch as the muster-rolls of the regiments in
the service of the United States prior to the war
of 1812 were destroyed by fire when the British
burnt the public buildings in 1814, and therefore
no verification by rolls can be made, and inasmuch
as the soldiers who fought in the old Indian wars
in the last century are thus deprived of such
proofs, they might be permitted, when they could
not find a fellow-soldier to prove their service by,
to go before a court or a justice of the peace in the
county where they reside, and prove their credi-
bility; and by traditionary evidence and the belief
of tne community as to their having participated
in these wars, their services. This section pro-
vides that in such cases, this testimony should be
sufficient to entitle these old soldiers to their bounty
land. These men are generally very old—over
eighty years of age, or about that, and the num-
ber is quite small. If, by any chance, an old man
of eighty years or over, should happen to get
a warrant for forty acres of land, when he was not
entitled to it, will it break the Government? And
shall this particular section, becauce it may not
meet the views of gentlemen, defeat this bill ? If i'
gentlemen do not likethis provision—<if they regard !
I age as a miafbrtune, let them punish it by rejecting
i it, and take the responsibility.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I had occasion, a few
years ago, in examinations which I then made, to
ascertain something like the actual number of sol-
diers employed in the war under Harm&r and
Wayne, which occurred between 1790 and 1795.
The result of that investigation was, that about
five thousand men in all were employed in that
war. I suppose that a large majority of those who
now survive, who served in that war, must be
over eighty years of age, so that there is no room
for any very extensive fraud in relation to that
class of soldiers, even if it were possible that fraud
could be perpetrated under this section of the bill.
There can be but a very few of that class of sol-
diers who have survived to Die present day. The
difficulties which they will experience in procuring
the testimony to establish their service, fully jus-
tify the latitude of this section.
Mr. ROBINSON. It is not the fault of these
old men that the records of their service are lost.
It Is not their fault that the public buildings in
which thepublic archives were lodged were burned
by the British. They should not be held respon-
sible for that act. Now, Mr. Chairman, it does
seem to me a little remarkable that members of
Congress should be so unwilling to adopt this third *
section, because perchance some of these old men
may get forty acres of land—not being entitled to it,
and yet, some of these gentlemen are making pro-
fessions of giving this land to actual settlers, who
never performed any service at all, and some of
whom, perchance, may have fought against their
country. All I have to say to such gentlemen is,
meet the question boldly and fairly. It'was not
the intention of this third section, nor does the
Secretary of the Interior so understand it, to give
any men the power to contradict the rolls. It was
intended to provide only for such cases where the
rolls were lost or destroyed. The Secretary of
the Interior, who drew up the third section, so un-
derstood it. It is made his duty to draw up regu-
lations in order to carry out the intention of the
section and give it effect. It is not possible for a
law of Congress to go into all the minutite neces-
sary to carry it into effect. We give him our idea
and he draws up the regulations.
Mr. HAYMOND, interrupting, and who was
scarcely audible at the Reporter^ desk, was un-
derstood to say, that the Secretary of the Interior
is not opposed to this section.
Mr. ROBINSON. I am glad to hear this an-
nouncement of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr,
Haymond,] and I was under the same impression,
from the conversation I had with him; out inas-
much as my colleague of the committee, [Mr,
Williami,] the gentleman from Tennessee, over
the way, took occasion the other day to repel the
idea that the Secretary was for this third section,
I thought that ! would take the responsibility off
his shoulders. There is really no necessity for
the section, for he adopted the regulations without
additional legislation. There is another provision
of this third section, to which I will advert.
It is in relation to widows. Gentlemen have
harped upon this provision very much. Now, the
Secretary of the Interior, in his regulations, pur-
suing the old regulations that were already in
force in reference to the pension laws, where they
provided for the payment of money out of the
Treasury, required that the widow should show
when and where she was married and to Whom;
what her name was before she was married; that
she shall produce, first, a certified copy of ths
record of her marriage; second, a certified copy
of the -family record; third, the certificate of trie
clergyman or parson who officiated in the mar.
riage ceremony. The committee thought this was
too Stringent, and they therefore proposed, that
when the widow could not procure any of this
testimony in the county where she lived, that she
might be permitted to show by the neighbors who
knew her husband in his lifetime, that they lived
together as husband and wife and that this evi.
dence should be taken as sufficient.
They proposed to make a further provision—.
that whenever a clerk of the circuit court—a clerk
of a court of record or probate, will certify, and
the records of the court show, that this widow
had been treated as the widow of the soldier for
whose service the land is to be given, that this
evidence shall be sufficient to secure the widow's,
claim.
