306
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 22,
our honor as a nation may be calmly supervised
and wisely administered—that the incomparable
institutions of our fathers may be reestablished
upon foundations as imperishable as the fame of
those illustrious men to whose wisdom, under
Heaven, they owe their origin—and that our on-
ward career as a prosperous and powerful people
remain unchecked and unretarded oy the insidious
movements of men who, in all the capacities for
public mischief which have yet attracted the atten- 1
tion of mankind, have never been either equalled
or surpassed in any age or nation whatever.
Such, sir, I understand to be the real scope and
bearing of that document which has been just read
to us, with such an appearance of earnest gravity,
by the honorable Senator from New Hampshire.
This manifesto (for so it may be called) does cer-
tainly most clearly intimate the opinion that there
is a body of men, or class of politicians, in this
country—some few of whom are, perchance, to
be found in the Halls of Congress—who aim to
obtain advancement, and to seat themselves in
high places of civic trust, by making themselves
particularly conspicuous in keeping alive the feel-
ings of discontent and discord heretofore unhap-
pily prevalent, by fanning into flame the dying
embers of sectional strife, and by reviving those
scenes of sectional warfare which had at one time ■
almost brought this great Republic itself to a wo- |
ful and bloody termination. I confess that it is
even hinted in the paper which has been so se- j
verely criticized, that certain personages have been :
known to figure largely upon the political arena '
among us of this dangerous stamp—some of whom
have even had the presumption to aspire to Presi-
dential honors, and who hoped to reach the high-
est official station in Christendom by such arts as
cannot be mentioned even in their own hearing
witlfout discomposing their feelings of self-com-
placency,- and tinging their cheeks with the blush
of shame. Nobody knows better than the hon-
orable Senator from New Hampshire, I imagine,
that there have been such men, and that there may
be one or two such yet surviving. [Here Mr. F.
pointed in the direction of Mr. Hale.]
The PRESIDENT.. The Chair will be under
the necessity of interrupting the Senator.
Mr. FOOTE. I am making no such direct per- :
sonal allusion, I thinir, as could be justly com- i
plained of. I assert a fact, which none will deny, !
that there are some men to be found, either North j
or South, East or Jfest, who have shown them- |
selves willing to secure the gratification of a selfish |
ambition, by disturbing the quiet of the country, j
and by diffusing the fell spirit of discord among J
those who should delight to dwell together in !
unity and good fellowship. The existence of this
public fact, as part of the history of the Republifc,
is neither to be doubted nor denied; and therefore
has it become necessary that some such combina-
tion of moral energies as that delineated in the
manifesto which has been so sneeringly reviewed
by the honorable Senator from New Hampshire,
should be provided, (apart from all existing party
organization,) in order to rescue the nation itself
from the dangers which are so obviously menaced.
We whose names are to be found attached to this
paper have agreed, as far as in us lies, to com-
mingle our exertions for the suppression of agita-
tion and the overthrow of faction. Believing that
the people of this country are entitled to repose,
after so protracted a season of turmoil and con-
troversy, we have agreed to do what we can to
still agitation and terminate sectional strife. Be-
lieving that we could, by united efforts, do some
good in the counteraction of existing evils, we
have not hesitated, however differing, and expect-
ing hereafter to differ, upon other questions which
have formerly divided parties, to enter into a spe-
cial and formal compact with each other to coop-
erate, actively and zealously, for the overthrow of
those whom we recognize as our common enemy.
Knowing that the "desire of political advancement
was the chief motive which instigated the conduct
of certain individuals who have heretofore sought
and who are yet seeking to embroil the country,
we have resolved to let these personages under-
stand at once, and most clearly, that new and se-
rious obstacles were about to be thrown in the
way of their lawless and unscrupulous ambition,
which even higher moral and intellectual faculties
than they possess would find it a little difficult to
surmount. W« determined to adapt the remedy
to th« disease, and to give assurance, as far as we
might be able to do so, to all desirous of attaining
the high place of power, that the shortest road to
station would be hereafter found to be the faithful
performance of all the duties of*good citizenship.
Accordingly, sir, we did draw up and subscribe
the paper in question. Many have signed it, and
many more, with the same pure and upright in-
tentions, will sign it hereafter. No one is urged
to take part in the proposed movement; no one is
censured or complained of for withholding his
name. We know that many concur in every
sentiment stated in this paper who prefer some
other mode of declaring their views. We are |
aware that the peculiar position of some may be j;
such as to make it, in their judgments, politic to j
take no active part in this proceeding at all, how- j
ever much they may sanction it and desire its j
success. We aim at no personal aggrandizement;
we attempt no coercion; we practice not the arts ,
of intimidation—at least in any sense to be right- ,
fully complained of. We are n ot willing ourselves ,
to vote for any man for any office, high or low, j
who may attempt to agitate hereafter upon the
subject of slavery, or who may strive to break up .j
the happy settlement recently effected; and we
have deemed it judicious so to declare, in a public j
and solemn manner, and in language not to be
misunderstood. This is no "ostracism," as it has
been called by the honorable Senator from New i,
Hampshire, but the simple and unobtrusive exer- |
cise of our rights as citizens of this free Republic. ;
We feel ourselves bound to wield all the influence
which we possess, and in the mode best calculated
to prove efficient, for the suppression of the great- j;
est domestic evil which has arisen in our times. j
The PRESIDENT The Senator is certainly j
not in order. [ >
Mr. FOOTE. I have appealed to the Senate ■
to allow me the privilege of explanation upon a ;
subject more or less implicating my public charac-
ter, and I shall probably only speak a few minutes
longer.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will be under
the necessity of enforcing the rules.
Mr. FOOTE. I wish the Chair had enforced
the rules when the Senator from New Hampshire
read so much in extenso from the newspaper intro-
duced by him.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair could not tell,
until after the remarks which followed, what ap- j"
plication was intended to he made of the paper to
the subject before the Senate.
Mr. FOOTE. I supposed that the Chair might
have read this newspaper article in print, and, per-
haps also the matter contained therein in manu-
script, even before the Senator commenced read- ;
ing it in our hearing this morning; and that, thus
knowing its contents, he must have regarded its in-
troduction as strictly parliamentary; else the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, it would seem, mi^ht ,
have been at least checked in the progress of his !
reading. At any rate, I hope it will not be regard-
ed as altogether improper in me to read once more
what has thus been already brought to the no-
tice of honorable Senators. Sir, I will premise by
saying that there is not a word of the whole docu-
ment to which I do^iot heartily subscribe, and to
which the people of this country will not prompt-
ly respond, in a manner, too, somewhat calculated,
I fancy, to surprise those gentlemen, if there be
any such, who have deemed it prudent to with-
hold their signatures from it at present:
"The undersigned members of the Thirty-first Congress
of the United States—believing that, a renewal of sectional
controversy upon the subject of slavery would be both dan-
gerous to the Union and destructive of its objects, and see-
ing no mods by which such controversy can be avoided,
except by a strict adherence to the settlement thereof
effected by the compromise act! passed at the last session
of Congress—do hereby declare their intention to maintain
the said settlement inviolate, and to resist all attempts to
repeal or alter the acts aforesaid, unless by the general con-
sent of the friends of the measures, and to remedy such
evils (if any) as time and experience may develop.
" And for the purpose of making this resolution effective,
tli ey further declare that they will not support for the-office
of President, or of Vice President, or of Senator, or of Rep-
resentative in Congress, or as a member of a State Legisla-
ture, any man, of whatever party, who is not known to be ,
opposed to the disturbance of the settlement aforesaid,
and to the renewal, in any form, of agitation upon the sub-
ject of slavery."
Sir, let no man charge us, after the explanations
which have been made, with any attempt to dictate
I or coerce any portion of our fellow-citizens. Let
I no one accuse us of attempting to build up a
| new national party at the expense of the two great
! national parties already existing; but both of
which, it must be confessed, have become of late
somewhat less pure, a little less united, and greatly
less efficient for high patriotic purposes than they
were formerly supposed to-be. Let not the gross
slandlr be again reiterated, that we wish to subject
to reprobation those members of Congress who
chanced not to vote for the plan of adjustment last
Summer. The whole subject was then a proper
one for free discussion and prolonged consultation.
But now the various questions involved in it have
been decided, adjusted, and, I trust, definitively
settled. The language Which we have used in our
manifesto neither approves nor disapproves the
conduct of a single member of Congress who voted
either in support of or in opposition to those acta
which constitute this plan of settlement. We
have simply presumed to declare our " intention
to maintain the said settlement inviolate, and to
resist all attempts to repeal or alter the acts afore-
said , unless by the general consent of the friends
of the measure, and to remedy such evils (iFany)
as time and experience may develop;" and we
have announced, in conformity with this declara-
tion, our determination not to support for certain
offices "any man, of whatever party, who is not
known to be opposed to the disturbance of the
settlement aforesaid, and to the renewal, in any
form, of agitation upon the subject of slavery.
We have not said that we should refuse our sup-
port to those who did not approve the settlement
in its inception, but to those who are at present in
favor of disturbing it, and of reviving those scenes
of strife from which every true patriot must desire
the country t« be permanently relieved.
Now, sir, by way of further explanation of the
objects of those who have erftered into this agree-
ment, I beg leave to call the attention of the Sen-
ate to a portion of another article, in the newspa-
per already referred to, (which is the Union of
this city.) In the leading editorial article of this
morning the venerable editor of that excellent jour-
nal takes occasion to defend a circular letter which
has just emanated from certain gentlemen in the
city of New York, who constitute a correspond-
ing committee appointed by the Union Safety
Committee, whose patriotic services have been so
warmly applauded of late throughout the Re-
public. These gentlemen of the committee, it
would seem, had been most fiercely attacked by a
rabid disunion print, published in this city, the
name of which I do not choose, for certain reasons,
to mention in this illustrious body. I will read the
circular thus assailed, and thus defended, as it hap-
pens to have a very close connection, indeed, with
the manifesto which has called forth such indig-
nant reprobation from the lips oi the Senator from
New Hampshire. Here it is:
New York, December 2,1850. .
Dear Sir: Another epoch in the history of our country
invokes the attention of every patriot. In the brief but
eventful record which makes up our annals must another
page be written, conveying to posterity the knowledge that
secession and resistance to the laws are boldly proclaimed.
All men who advocate fealty to the Constitution and obedi-
ence to the laws, cannot but view with pain and mortifica-
tion the contempt with which both are regarded by a por-
tion of the American people. A prompt and effectual re-
sistance must be made to these heresies by all who would
protect the Constitution and preserve unsullied the majesty
of the law. The crisis will not admit of delay. Each mo-
ment the fatal doctrine of nullification gains additional
strength, and, if not speedily condfnined, will acquire suf-
ficient power to overcome the resistance which is made to
its career by wisdom and patriotism.
It is unnecessary to specify the aggressions which have
been committed upon the constitutional rights of the South
by the northern fanaticism. They have been deeply re-
gretted by a large body of our citizens, while they are made
an excuse for advocating secession in the southern States.
Each demonstration made by the Abolitionists against the
supremacy of the law is the signal for renewed assaults upon
. the Union party of the slaveholdrng States. The abolition-
ist! following the example thus set them, make the intem-
perate language of their southern allies the pretext for an-
other onslaught upon the conservative > of the North.
Unscrupulous candidates for office have vastly increased
the nullification and abolition excitement, by yielding to its
demands for the purpose of obtaining votes. The most ef-
, fectual method of arresting the evil is to teach all aspirants
for political honors that they will lose more Union votes
than they will gain from the disorganizers.
To correct and develop public opinion, arrest the fell
spirit of nullification, and reestablish that fraternal love
which once prevailed throughout the Confederacy, was the
design of those patriotic men who assembled at the Union
meetings which have been recently held at the North. Here
the demonstration should not be confined. The invocation
in behalf of the Union should ascend from every city and
hamlet in the land. The moral power which always flows
from these patriotic demonstrations is already indicated in
the more healthy tone of public sentiment in the city of New
York.
The undersigned have been appoiatad • corresponding
