1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
307
«ommittee by the (Jnion Safety Committee of the city of
New York. It is o«r pleasant duty to open a correspond-
ence with prominent men throughout the Confederacy.
Ureal results can alone be accomplished by large bodies of
tuen acting in concert.
We shall be happy to learn from yo« at an early day that
the inhabitants of yo«r section of the U nion have established
Union SufMy Committees, and proclaimed as their motto
fealty to the Constitataon and obedience to the laws.
We are, very respectfully, vo«r obedient servants,
GEORGE WOOD. J.. B. CHASE,
HIRAM KETCHl'M, J. T. BRADY,
GEO. B. BCTLER, A. G. BENSON,
GEORGE DOUGLASS, C<m  «Mee.
AH of us know the history of this Safety Com-
mittee of New*Vork, and there are but few pres-
ent who do not duly appreciate the extraordinary
personal merits of those who compose it. Some
of us hare had an opportunity of cooperating with
the members of this committee publicly, in their
noble efforts to vindicate the supremacy of the
Uw, and to secure a return of the public quiet.
The circular which they have issued is in striking
unison with the movement in progress here, and
which has been so much denounced upon this oc-
casion ; and I am happy to have it in my power
at present, as a member of this body, to declare
the same views upon this important subject which,
two months since, 1 was not ashamed to avow in
the hearing of the members of that committee,
and whilst addressing one of the largest and most
patriotic assemblages which it has ever been my
ttonor to behold.
And now, sir, having vindicated, as I trust suc-
. cessfully, those who united with me in subscrib-
ing this much-censured manifesto from the asper-
sions so unjustly cast upon us by the honorable
Senator from New Hampshire, I will conclude by
saying: Let those who desire to foment disorder
persevere", if (hey choose, in their course of ini-
quity; but "as for me and my house, we will
serve the Lord"—the Lord of order, of social con-
cord, and of brotherly lore.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will take oc-
casion to say to the Senate that he will put a stop
to any further discussion not relevant to the ques-
tion.
Mr. FOOTE. I wish the Chair had interposed
earlier, and saved the necessity of my vindicating
myself. ,
The PRESIDENT. The resolution is under i
consideration, and not the subject-matter of any
address or newspaper article; and the Chair will
be under the necessity of confining the Senator
from New Hampshire strictly to the resolution.
The course of remark commenced by the Senator .
from New Hampshire was hardly relevant, and
the Senator from Misaissippi"has pursued it until
the debate has become altogether out of order. i
Mr. HALE. Well, sir, I am used to be held
pretty strictly up to the rules, so that it will be
nothing new to me.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will remind
the Senator that, according to the strict rules, he
would have been obliged to stop the reading in the
first instance.
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir; I understood the Chair
to intimate that he did not know what application '
the Senator would make of it, and that was the j
reason why he did not stop the reading. But I |
suppose, as there has been a personal allusion j
made to myself, I may be at liberty at least to an- !
swer that. The honorable Senator from Missis- j
sippi, in the few remarks he has made to the Sen-
ate—and I do not speak in a figurative sense, for |
they were few—not only made a remark, but a
most significant gesture with his forefinger over
this way—which the Chair could not take notice !
of officially—when he spoke of certain gentlemen ^
that hoped to obtain political eminence by agita- ' J
tion. The honorable Senator went on to say that :
now—he spoke in the present tense, sir, and said ;
nothing about the past—now he was decidedly op-
posed to anything of the sort; but he was for
holding strictly to this new platform—I suppose it
might be called the " Public Curiosity Platform,"
or something of that sort—which is promulged in 1
the paper this morning. I will not say a word
about that, because it"will be out of order. i
I remember to have heard something said of this ;
ambitious man who hoped to ride into office by ]
this sectional agitation; and although there was i
no personal allusion in the words used, yet they ;
slanted off, as much as the forefinger could do it, 1
in the direction of my seat: and I hope, therefore, :
to be permitted to say t|tat J have heard, and I
deem it my duty as an humble member of the Sen-
ate to bring it to the attention of the Senate, that
there were one or two ambitious men—sectional
n men—that is, men who came from a certain sec-
I tion of the country, but men of large hearts, and
; many words some of them—and that there was a
; meeting in one of the basement stories of this
Capitol, since this Congress has had an exist-
< ence 
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will be under
the necessity of interposing. The Senator is
aware that this is not the subject-matter under con-
sideration. If the Chair permits a discussion
; upon all matters not before the body, where is
' the discussion to end ?
' Mr. HALE. Well, sir, I was going to give a
little history; but as repentance has come over the
Senator, I will not call it up. Let it go.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I do not pro-
pose to ffo into this subject at any great length; .
but I will make a remark or two, Inasmuch as I
have thought something of the kind was demand-
ed, and have myself thought of bringing theatten-
: tion of the Senate to this indentical point. We
made a law a few years ago, perhaps some eight
or ten years since, by which we very much en-
larged the powers of our consuls resident in for-
eign countries, with a view to give them discretion-
ary power in all cases where they saw a vessel
making preparations for the slave trade. The law
provided that these consuls should be vested with
discretionary power to withhold the clearance of
such a vessel from a foreign port. But it was
suprvosed, after much conference, by our consul
at Havana, (Mr. Trist,) a gentleman of consider-
able intelligence, and one who has becoml some-
what distinguished as the author of our treaty
with Mexico, that the various guards and protecr
tions embraced in that law would prove sufficient
to suppress the evil.
The frauds which have been perpetrated in vio-
lation of"the existing laws of the United States
grew up in this way, as the most clear and ex-
plicit evidence before Congress has shown. A
J vessel was built in the United States, and she took,
as she had a right to do. n register, and then
• sailed for a foreign port. We will suppose she
; sailed for Bra7.il or Havana. When she arrived
j there she was sold to a foreign purchaser; but by I
the contract of sale there was an agreement made !
| between the parties that the vessel should be de- i
i livered upon the African coast. The object of this
i was to aret the benefit of the flaar of the United
I States while sailing: from the foreign port to the
j port in Africa, which proved a perfect protection
to the vessel itself; and when she arrived on the
j coast of Africa, the flag of the United States was
hauled down, and that of the foreign country run
up; and she trusted to her speed to return. j
This was the fraud which was attempted to be |
corrected. It seems by various representations
now made, that the efforts to suppress the traffic
have utterly failed,and that,unlawful as it is, con- 1
demned as it is by the laws of the United States,
it is still carried on to a great extent from the ports
of Brazil, and from some of the ports of Spain.
Now, sir, I am very clear in my judgment and my
opinion that this is an evil which oueht to be cor-
rected; that proper and suitable measures should
be taken to do it, and among these, it has been
suggested that the facilities for the transfer of a
vessel upon the coast of Africa should be taken
away, that the power to transfer bv contract upon
that coast should be suppressed and be made here-
after illegal. I do not intend at this time to ex-
press any opinion upon that; but it is a matter
worthy of consideration. " i
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Not having seen,
either in manuscript or in print, the paper which
has been the subject of remarks this morning, I do
not propose to discuss it. Sir, it is my purpose to
keep entirely within the rules of debate, and will
proceed to my object, which was to say a few
words on the resolution before the Senate. I will
oppose its reference, because the policy indicated
is one which does not permit me to anticipate such J
action as it would be possible for me to approve.
As a matter of policy we have abolished the slave
trade to the United States, and no one proposes to
reopen it; no one believes it has not been wholly
suppressed. If the argument of humanity were
relied on, it might be difficult to show that our pol-
icy was most conducive to the well-being of the I
African captive. But! saving our laws to stand on . I
the well-established "basis of national policy, I
maintain that we have no right to interfere with
the slave trade in other countries. Having sup-
pressed it, so far as the States and Territories
of our Union are concerned, we have nothing of
duty or of right which would justify interfer-
ence with the policy of other countries. Subject
to the necessary protection of our own privileges
: and interests, we should leave them to engage in
i whatever trade they may choose. If Brazil pre-
fers to continue the slave trade, it is a matter in
which the United States could not intervene, with-
' out abandonment of the rule of international rela-
tion laid down by Washington, and happily fol-~
lowed, with but few exceptions, down to the pres-
i ent day.
I was always opposed to the African squadron,
and am now in favor of its withdrawal, as worse
than useless in the suppression of the slave trade;
■ as a service destructive of the health, and to no
small extent fatal to the lives of our sailors, and as
, part of that policy of interference in the affairs of
others which is an evil in all Governments and an
' exception in the practice of ours. Brazil may
j have other trade with the coast of Africa than that
• for slaves, yet it is assumed that she has not, as
, the foundation of this denial of sea-letters'. Our
j laws denominate the slave trade piracy; in us it is
j certainly offensive to assume that such is the only
; trade for which vessels are fitted out in the ports
i of a friendly nation. What would we say if any
. other country should take such position towards
• the United States ?
With great ^deference, I think the whole move-
. ment wrong. Our laws should be confined to our
own country, for which alone we may decide
either in morals or policy. As an indication of
my opinion, I will vote against the reference of
this resolution.
Mr, BERRIEN. There seems to ml to be an
. importance attached to this resolution which I am
unable to understand, since, upon the call for the
i yeas and nays, Senators have found themselves
■ under the necessity, or have considered it proper,
' to make explanations as to the vote they intend to
' give. To me, sir, it seems to be a mere resolution
j of inquiry, directed to a committee, for the pur-
pose of ascertaining the most effectual means of
accomplishing an object which is common to us all.
In that point of view, I have no hesitation in
giving an affirmative vote on the resolution. But
now it is suggested that there is not, perhaps, a
perfect unanimity of sentiment upon the subject
to which this resolution may be made to extend.
While we have a perfect right to prevent the for-
eign slave trade—that is, between Africa and this
country—it is suggested that we have no right to
interfere with that trade from the coast of Africa
to any foreign country. Sir, I do not understand
that to be the object of the resolution; and, to pro-
tect myself from the possibility of mistake, I desire
to say that, although we have no right to interfere
with any trade between the coast of Africa and
any foreign country, yet in relation to a trade
which we ourselves desire to discountenance, we
have the unquestionable right to prevent our own
citizens, and our own vessels, under the protection
of our own flag, from being engaged in that trade.
The jurisdiction of this country extends over its
citizens in every quarter of the globe. We have
a right to see that our flag affords only legitimate
protection to our own people and our own prop-
erty; and we have a right to inhibit American citi-
zens from being engaged in a traffic which our own
laws inhibit.
It is under these views that it has seemed to me
that this, as a resolution of inquiry, should pass
the Senate without discussion. I have only risen
to make this brief remark, lest by possibility there
should be something embraced in the resolution
which I am not able to discover, and to avow the
reasons for my conduct and the vote I shall give.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. It is very proba-
ble, as the Senator from Georgia suggests would .
have been proper, that this resolution, as a mere
matter of inquiry, might have passed without re-
mark, had not the mover thought it advisable to
present the object, and force on the consideration
of the Senate the policy, intended to be advanced
by the reference. It was under such circumstances
that my remarks were submitted. The Senator
from Georgia announces a proposition, which I
certainly will not controvert, that our laws follow
our flag, and apply to vessels bearing it. Ourkwa
