308
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 22,
make it piracy, punishable with death, to engage
in the slave trade, and our flag would therefore
never be used to cover that trade. Arid I do not
see the application of the proposition. On the
other liana, it will not be denied that our citizens
have the right to expatriate themselves; still less
will it be denied that the owner of an American
ship may sell it in a foreign port if he pleases.
And, whilst the latter right remains, ships of
American construction will probably be found in
the slave trade; but they will beforehand have lost
their nationality, retaining no more of the charac-
ter of an American vessel than is represented by
her sea-going qualities, and such part of her Amer-
ican crew as may have chosen, for the sake of
that traffic, to engage in a trade which could not
be pursued under the flag of their country. So far
as I am informed, this is the case; and that no ves-
sel bearing the American flag, and therefore subject
to our laws, has been found in the slave trade.
Mr. CLAY. A single word. The Senator
from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis,] when up before,
discussed a question which is not before the Sen-
ate—which is not involved in the resolution. The
question which the Senator discussed was, whether
we had a right, and whether it was proper, to put
an end, if we could, to the slave trade between
the Brazils and the coast of Africa? Who pro-
poses that ? There is no such object indicated by
that resolution. But have we not a right to act
upon our own people and our own vessels ? Is it not
the policy of this country to suppress the African
slave trade ? Sir, it is not the policy of this coun-
try alone, but of all Christendom? If it ja the
policy of the country to suppress the African slave
trade, have we not a right to restrain the shameful
abuses of our flag when it has been employed in
the prosecution of that trade ? Have we not a
right, and is it not our duty, to protect our seamen
against being inveigled into the trade and left to
perish upon the coast of Africa ? That is the ques-
tion. And while nobody would be more unwilling
than I should be to interfere in the policy of any
foreign Government upon the question of the slave
trade, odious as I regard it, yet I consider it not a
duty only, but an imperative duty, to impose all
proper restraints upon our own people in prosecu-
ting this trade under ourflag, in our own vessels, and
in part with our own seamen. Upon that ques-
tion it is impossible for me for one moment to en-
tertain a doubt. -
Mr. HALE. As this is a resolution of inquiry
simply, I propose an amendment, which I send to
the Chair, and on it I have aworii to say.
The amendment is to add to the original resolu-
tion the following:
" And also to inquire into the practical Operation of the
legislation of the United States for the suppression of the
African slave trade, and the expediency of repealing or
essentially modifying the existing laws *n that subject."
Mr. HALE. In the few remarks which I sub-
mitted to the Senate 
Mr. FOOTE. I want to Tchow whether it is
strictly in order to offer an amendment after the
yeas and nays have been ordered ?
The PRESIDENT. Certainly. It is in order
at any time until the question is decided.
Mr. HALE. If that is settled, I wish to in-
quire, as a matter of curiosity, if some other Sen-
ator has not a point of order to raise ? [Laughter.]
I was going to say that in the remarks I submitted
to the Senate, when I first spoke on the subject, I
did not venture my own opinion upon the policy
of our legislation for the suppression of the African
slave trade, but I did give to the Senate the author-
ity of a very distinguished name, and I confess I
was a little surprised when the Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Clay,] replying to the remarks I
made, said that the opinion was universal, and he
did not know of a solitary individual except the
Senator from New Hampshire, who took the re-
sponsibility of avowing it, of being opposed to
this legislation. Now, I expressed no such opin-
ion, but I did give the opinion of Governor Ham-
mond, that the practical operation of this philan-
thropic legislation for the suppression of the slave
trade had been this, and I want to call the attention
of the Senate and the country to it. In 1787, forty-
five thousand were sent beyond the seas as slaves
by this trade, and the deaths by the middle passage
did not exceed nine per cent. In 1840, fifty-seven
years after the combined legislation of this coun-
try and Great Britain, making it piracy and pun-
ishable by death, the number of victims had in-
' creased from forty-five thousand to one hundred
and fifty thousand, and the deaths had gone up
from nine to thirty per cent., and Governor Ham-
mond says " in consequence of your effort to sup-
press it."*' That opinion stands. It is of some
five years' standing. It is some five years since it
was written. I say nothing about it, whether it
is true or false. But I do say, if such be the effect
of your legislation, if it has only increased the
number of victims and increased the horrors and
deaths of these victims, it is time for us to see if
there is not some other mode which we had bet-
ter pursue. It is time to see if the distinguished
gentleman who gave this opinion was right, when
he said it would be far better for the African hifn-
seff, the unhappy victim of this trade, if these
laws were repealed, and the trade was left to the
mitigations and modifications of time, humanity,
and decay. If all our efforts have been destruc-
tive to those for whose benefit they were intended;
' if, instead of ameliorating, we have increased the
horrors; if, instead of lessening, we have multi-
plied by two hundred per cent, the number of vic-
tims, is it not time to inquire if we have not been
proceeding upon a wrong assumption ? I simply
rise to put myself right, as not being the author
of these sentiments, but as bringing them before
the Senate as the suggestion of one who knew
well what he said when he wrote about it.
I Mr. BERRIEN called for the reading of the
amendment.
! Mr. HALE withdrew the latter part of it, so as
, to leave it thus:
i " And also to inquire into the practical operation of the
II legislation of the United States for the suppression of the
11 foreign slave trade."
11 Mr. CLAY. I have no objections to it in that
I! shape, as a mere matter of inquiry, and accept it
j as a part of the proposition.
i i Mr. BUTLER. I attached no importance to
I this resolution when it was first brought to my
> notice, nor do I attach much importance to the
amendment, except so far as it has introduced one
, or two topics for discussion. The resolution of
' the honorable Senator from Kentucky evidently
!' has for its predicate not only the suppression of
: the slave trade—and in that I concur with him—
! but it has as a predicate, or as one of the means
of effecting it, that of which I do not approve, to
i wit: to deny sea-letters to all vessels fitting out
from ports of Brazil for Africa. Now, if a com-
mittee Were to report, in so many words, that no
sea-letter should be issued or allowed to vessels
fitting out from Brazil to Africa, I would not vote
| for it, so that ill any point of view I would not
1 vote for it'; because the very supposition, the very
| ground-work would be, that a piraticalt rade, and
j no other than a piratical trade, could be carried on
| between the ports of Brazil and Africa.
| With regard to the amendment, I cannot say
i that I will object to it. The' intimation that this
'• is a monopoly, .and a monopoly of a piratical
j' character, is altogether against my notions of a
liberal charity, at least towards commercial rela-
!! tions between any people whatever. We have no
right to presume it, unless with more facts to sus-
,1 tain the presumption.
it Mr. HAMLIN. I do not know the design
i i which the Senator from New Hampshire may
i ( have had in offering this amendment, nor would I,
I i if I could believe any practical good could result
i; from its adoption, interpose any objection to it.
! It directs the Committee on Commerce to inquire
• into the practical effect, I believe, of existing laws
i1 in relation to the slave trade. To what good could
it tend? Is it not a case of entirely novel proce-
> dure that any Senator here sHould- enlist theatten-
' tion of a committee, and make a demand upon its
time, fbr the purpose of investigating the practical
result of any law? I have known no case of the
adoption of a resolution of a similar import, nor
! do I see any practical result that could follow a re-
; port upon the practical operations of a law. The
i resolution as originally introduced by the Senator
: from Kentucky has a point in it. We have sub-
mitted to our consideration the correspondence
- which took place with our Minister at Brazil, and
1 that lias been referred to the Committee on Com-
meree. There havealso been memorials presented
• relating to the same subject, and these two classes
of papers present two distinct points for considera-
tion. The design of the original resolution is also
to embrace what is contained within these two
classes of papers. But if we are to consume the
time of the committee in investigating the practical
result of a law, I hardly know where we would
commence, and where we would end, or what
would be designed as embraced in the call. For
these reasons I hope the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, on reflection, will deem it advisable to with-
draw his amendment, and let the original resolu-
tion be submitted. It will be time enough to
discuss the propriety of what should or should not
be done when a report is submitted upon the papers.
Mr. HALE. I understood the Senator from
Kentucky to say that he accepted the amendment.
Mr. CLAY. I did intend to acCept it; but, for
the reasons stated by the Senator from Maine, I
| think it is devolving upon the committee an un-
necessary duty, and therefore I shall vote with him
against it.
Mr. HALE asked for the yeas and nays on the
amendment, but they were not ordered.
Mr. HALE. I wish to say a word on this sub-
\ ject. I confess I am a little surprised at the oppo-
• sition to this inquiry. It seems to me, if there is
an inquiry on earth that we ought to make, this
is the one. We propose to go into the subject of
' our laws upon the slave trade. The resolution
- looks to an inquiry about some alteration and
modification of those laws in regard to which we
are called upon to legislate. It seems to me that
t the very first inquiry which will suggest itself to
! the mind will be, what is the practical operation
; of the laws as they now are ? Are they effecting
the object proposed to be effected," or are they re-
' tarding it? Because, until we do know that, we
! do not know whether they want amendment or
i not, or whether the remedies proposed will effect-
' uate what we aim at or not. It seems to me that
; there is no possible subject of legislation upon
■ '< which these might not be pertinent inquiries:
What is the existing state of things ? What is
the practical effect of legislation upon the subject
for which an amendment is asked ? Are the exist-
ing laws sufficient ? Do they remedy the evil ? If
they are insufficient, in what particular? Is the
proposed amendment salutary? and if not salu-
tary, in what respect is it the reverse? Am I to
be told that the committee has no time ? What
are the committee about ? What earthly subject
is there that ought to command the time and at-
tention of Congress and its committees if this shall
not ? It has bien designated as thegreat question
of the age. It is a question upon which we have
foreign treaties. It is a question upon which we
have legislated from the commencement of the
Goventmeht to the present time. It is a question
which has engaged the attention of the strongest
heads and the best hearts that the world has ever
seen. It probably is engaging the attention of
more minds to-day than any possible subject of
human legislation that can be brought before this
body. Are we to pass it over and neglect to sat-
isfy ourselves about the existing state of things on
this great subject, because the committee has no
time ? Then let us put it off until we have time.
Let us put the legitimate inquiry before the Senate
i and before the committee, and if we do not have
time these ten years, let us delay legislation until
we shall have time to inform ourselves fully upon
the existing state of things upon which it is pro-
i posed to legislate. What, sir, are we to go in the
' dark? Is the committee to make a report and tell
us they do not know what the existing state of
' things is; that they do not know whether the laws
effect the object to which they aim, or whether
they have entirely failed? Is that the state of
things upon which to legislate on this great ques-
tion? I trust not.
I can assure my friend from Maine, and every-
body else, that this amendment is offered in no
factious spirit. It seems to me to be a fair and
legitimate cause of inquiry, if there be an inquiry
at all, submitted by the Senate to the committee.
When the amendment was first submitted I heard
a unanimous consent around me, " let it go."
The honorable mover of the resolution consented;
but it seems, because we have no time to make
this inquiry, we will not act favorably upon it. If
i we have not time to make that inquiry, we have
not time to legislate at all. 1 am utterly opposed
to any action until we take such measures as may
benecesSary to advise us of the state of the case,
so that we may legislate, if there are existing evils
under the present laws, to provide remedies to cor-
rect those evils. *
Mr. FOOTE. I wiph to make one remark by
