1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
BU
be secured by the passage of this bill. I am re- '
minded of what we sn w to be a fad, that a great
many underwriters, who were not incorporated,
were individuals, performing the operation
of insurvn. e as thev -would any other commercial
operation in life. T urn extremely happy to he so
ai'uatft! on this subject as not, I hope, to subject
me to the slightest imputation of any interest in
this matter, even on the part of my constituents.
It is possible there maybe some lin<^ring descend-
ant of some of these claimants living in the State
which I in part represent ; but if such be the case
I do not know them. It is merely from a sense
of justice, from a full conviction that the parties
•re entitled to something—and I think the amount
fixed upon ^five millions of dollars) is not too
large—that I have been led to support this bill and
to say what I have said on the present occasion.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, 1 have many
constituents who are interested in this bill. There
are many persons living in Charleston who have
sent memorials to me, and it may be that some of
those who have sent memorials to me on this sub-
ject expect that I should vote for the bill. 1 can-
not do so according to my judgment, but I shall
make it as unexceptionable as I can, and therefore
I shall vote for confining this appropriation to five
millions of dollars, to the original claimants, as
will be the effect of the amendment of the Senator
from Texas; and for this reason, if the appropria-
tion be to the original claimants or their represent-
atives, it will force the assignees and those who
hare bought upon speculation to go into an ac-
count with the original claimants from whom they
derive their interest; and if it should turn out
in a court of chancery that the bargain had been
effected by usurious interest or false statements, the
original claimant would not be compelled to pay
to the assignee the amount advanced, but would
receive bark his interest. That 1 think would be
nothin; but justice. By confining this to the ori-
ginal claimants, it will compel the assignees to go
to them for a fair account; and that is nothing
more than right. By confining this appropriation
to the original claimants, vou do not necessarily
do any injustice to the assignees. How many of
them can show the amount of money which they
advanced, and the circumstances under which it
was advanced ? I think I hazard nothing in say-
ing that this claim has been increased by time,
and because it has been under the influence of or- ,
ranized claimants. And I venture to say that
there are claims which have been acquired on
"Change, and which stockjobbers have acquired
from widows and orphans for nothing. I would
give the widow and orphan the advantage of the
settlement to which I have referred. I shall, there-
fore, vote for the amendment of the Senator from
Texas.
Mr. WALKER. Mr. President, I really look
upon this vote as testing the question whether this
is to be another item o* "job" legislation or not.
This is the light in which I look at the question
now pending before the Senate—the amendment
of the Senator from Texas. Could this bill ever
have been brought up under the circumstances
under which it has been—could it have been carried
to its present stale, being now about to be sub-
mitted to a final vote, if there had been none inter-
ested in it except the original claimants and their
widows and orphans? No, sir; Wall street has
had its fineer in this pie; Wall street has had its
finger in this matter; and it has now its hand raised,
more readily to thrust it most deeply into the
Treasury of this Government.
Mr. llALE. I wish to ask whether these re-
marks would be in order if I were making them ?
[Laughter.]
Mr. WALKER. Sir, this is one of the reasons
why there can be, not in the Senate chamber, not
in the House of Representatives, not inside of the
walls of this Capitol, but around them, and out-
side of them, such a power brought to bear upon
this subject as has been brought to operate upon
it. I say, and I sincerely believe, that the encour-
agement which we give to assignees of claims upon
the Government is building up a power that will
soon become stronger than Congress, and that it
will make deeper drafts upon the Treasury than
any of the Departments of the Government, if not of
all combined. We have had a great deal of expe-
rience on this subject. I had occasion the other
day to make a fling at this job legislation, and
every day I can see more and more of it.
There will be no Senator on this floor who will i
feel more gratification in rewarding the original ;
claimants to indemnity by this bill than myself; i
but when vou come to fostering this system of
trading in (Government claims—this system of en-
larging Government claims—this system of organ-
ization, for the purpose of bringing to bear on
Congress a power which cannot be produced in
any other way—I am against it. The poor beings
who have been so long kept out of their money,
would have been the subjects of but tardy legisla-
tion if nobody else were concerned; but it is an-
other power that is interested which has pushed
this matter to its present position. 1 hope that we
shall jive a vote now winch will be memorable to
this class of mankind, and which will show them
that they can no longer speculate upon the Treas-
ury and upon the labor of the American people.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. Mr. Presi-
dent, 1 suppose it will be conceded by all, that if
another country commits robbery and spoliation
upon the property of citizens of this country, it is
the duty of this Government to seek reparation,
and to seek that reparation by all proper and suit-
able means in its power. This duty goes to the
extent that such aggressions may form a cause of
war. If they cannot be staid without hostilities,
it becomes the duty of the Government to prose-
cute hostilities.on account of them.
I do not propose to go into this question, but
suppose this Government, in the performance of
its duty, to prosecute and require a specific sum
of money for spoliations committed upon its citi-
zens. Suppose that to be done, and the money to
be paid into the Treasury, and then the claimants
come here and ask you to disburse that amount to
them for the claims which they have growing out
of the spoliations, there is no gentleman here that
would doubt the propriety of paying that money
out of the Treasury. Nobody would doubt that
it belonged to the persons who had been robbed,
and I think that in such a case no voice could be
raised against a claim of that character. The
question then is, in the first place, whether the
Government has prosecuted this claim? Everybody
knows that they have. Have they recovered it ?
If it has been recovered in money it should be
paid out; if it has been recovered in any other
manner, it should be paid out; the equitable obli-
gation ,is equally strong.
I will not go into the evidence which has been
so ably reviewed on former occasions, and dis-
cussed with great ability now. I have before me, ;
though I will not detain the Senate by reading it,
the declaration of the First Consul of France(
giving a full and complete account of all the trans-
actions of this negotiation, and from it it appears
distinctly that there was a set of claims on one
side and on the other provided for in the treaty of
•1800; that the second article of that treaty was
inserted because the parties could not agree upon
the amount of money which should be allowed on
one side and on the other. That second article sus-
pended negotiations on that subject until a future
day. That treaty came here into this Chamber,
and it was amended by striking out that article.
What was the declaration of the First Consul of
France when this treaty was returned to him ?
Why, he says that these claims, on the one side
and on the other, were equi ponderant claims, and
that by striking out that article of the treaty the
Government of the United States has expressed
its intention to abolish the prosecution of the
claims; and then he ratified the treaty thus amend-
ed, but ratified it on the express condition that
these claims should never be revived against
France. Who is more competent to bear testi-
mony than this gentleman, who was mixed with
all these transactions ? There is the account, full
and complete, of this subject in his own memoirs
of the history of the times. But I will not dwell
on that. I am content to vote in favor of these
claims from {he evidence we have before us.
But I wish to say a word in regard to these
transfers, in reply to the honorable gentleman from
Texas. If I understand him, he proposes to cut
off the underwriters from all the advantages of this
bill. Now, I wish to put it to the Senator from
Texas as a lawyer, whether, when a policy is en-
tered into by which an underwriter takes upon
himself a marine risk, it is not part and parcel of
that contract that he shall have all the rights accru-*
ing from the loss of the vessel ? If the vessel is
■ • lost, and he makes good the loss, is tie not entitled
to all the equitable considerations by virtue ot the
contract itself? Is it not a part ana parcel of the
policy (and if it is not of the policy the law gives
it to him) that he shall have the benefit of tha
equitable considerations ? He is just as much an
original party here by the implication of the law,
and by the terms of the policy, as the original
claimant himself, and as much entitled, upon every
consideration, to recover. Will the Senator from
Texas go so far to abrogate the original contract
between the parties that the underwriter shall not
stand on as good ground as the original claimant ?
He has made good the loss of the original claim-
ant, and if anything remains of the ship's cargo,
avails, proceeds, it comes in equitably to him, and
the law gives it to him.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, I understood the
honorable Senator from Kentucky to insist that
everything in the shape of damages, property, and
claim was a legitimate matter of transfer. That
principle would be very inconvenient if carried out
in the ordinary intercourse between man and man.
We should have suits brought in the courts where
an individual transferred damages arising from the
infliction of an" assault and battery. It would be
extremely inconvenient, it seems to me, to carry
this principle into practice, and it is liable to very
many objections.
The amendment which 1 have offered, it seems
to me, is not liable to the objection, so far as the
assignee, properly speaking, is concerned, and it
would be much better to pursue the safe course
with regard to the insurer. With regard to the in-
surer, he has already received his pay for the risk
that he run. Insurance companies charge a rate
of premium according to the risk which they run.
I have heard of very few of them breaking, because
what thev lose on one man they make up on an-
other. That is about the rule which they pursue;
but in this instance, if the insurer received the
money, would you not deprive the original claim-
ant from coming forward with this claim ? If the
insurer receive the money, the original claimant
ought to come in equitably for a division of it, and
if the insurer receives part of the money he Ought
to refund the premium which he has received.
Under these circumstances, it seems to me that if
we are going to relieve the parties who have actually
suffered, and not those who have taken advantage
of that very suffering and poverty to buy up these
| claims for little or nothing, we should adopt this
j amendment.
| Mr. BERRIEN. Mr. President, I wish to say
a word in reply to the honorable Senator from
Texas upon the amendment which he offers. That
amendment proposes to exclude assignees and in-
surers. Now, I agree that the provision in
bill to which the Senator from Texas has advert™,
which provides that assignees shall only be enti-
tled to receive the amount which they have paid
for the claims, with interest, is an objection. It
is an exercise of power, not the fulfillment of an
obligation. But I presume those who have had
the conduct of this bill deemed it necessary to make
that provision, in order to secure its acceptance.
Without it, the bill would be much more accepta-
ble to me, because it would have been a more per-
fect fulfillment of what I believe to be the obligation
of the United States.
But the Senator from Texas proposes to go fur-
ther, and proposes totally to exclud e all assignees
and insurers. There are few of those eases in
which the assignments from an individual to an
individual will come within the contemplation and
scope of the remark of the Senator from Texas.
The assignees, in most cases, were the creditors
of the original holders, and they have come to
their possesion as assignees in virtue of a preexist-
ing debt due by the holder to the assignee. In
1 many cases the holders have become bankrupt,
and by the force and operation of the bankrupt
law all the rights and interests of the original
holder have been transferred to the assignee ap-
I pointed under that law for the benefit of the cred-
I itor.
{ These assignees are not, then, speculators who
j are going about to profit by the necessities of
' the original holders. They are a numerous class
of persons, who were the creditors of these hold-
ers anterior to the occurrence of this adventure,
and they are in other cases the assignees hy the
operation of the law in relation to bankruptcy. Do
these pcopla stand in a situation which renders
them obnoxious to the remark of the Senator from
