314
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 23,
differed from us in that opinion; but that policy
has been laid aside. We have not been able to
carry it out; nevertheless, I am now willing to go |
for the very best that can be got, under all the
circumstances, and to make the best possible dis-
position of these public lands.
Mr. GREEN", (interrupting.) I wish to inquire
of the gentleman when the party, or school of poli-
tics, to which the gentleman has just expressed
his adhesiori, adopted the American system, and,
wm one of their principles, graduation ? When has
that party ever supported graduation ?
Mr. CASEY. That subject can be settled when
it comes up. What we have to do with at present
is the disposal of the public lands; and the question
■imply is, whether tne gentleman from Missouri,
and those who are acting with him, shall have
all those public lands for which all the States have
paid, or whether each portion of this country shall
nave its due proportion of the public lands. Next
to the distribution of the proceeds among all the
States, the true policy of this Government is, I
believe 
Mr. GREEN, (again interposing.) I under-
stood the gentleman to assert that graduation was
one of his principles?
Mr. CAlsEY. It is one of my principles.
Mr. GREEN. I wish to inquire whether the
gentleman or his party has ever advocated it, on
any occasion whatever?
Mr. CASEY. I will answer the gentleman. I
have always advocated it. I do not care who has
been against it, or who is for it. I am for it now,
and have always been for it. I hope the gentle-
man is answered. I wish to say that next to the'
policy of distributing the proceeds of the public
lands among the different States; for the purpose
of education and internal improvements, I be-
lieve the true policy of .this Government is to sell
the lands off, and to put the proceeds into the
Treasury, for the purpose of paying the national
debt under which we are now laboring, instead of
devoting these public lands to local purposes and
local improvements of no great national concern,
and in which the State in which they are situated,
or the county, or the district, or the locality, for
• which these appropriations are made, is alone in-
terested. The true policy is to throwthe proceeds
of the public lands into the public Treasury, and
pay our debts with them.
That policy is, however, now impracticable, and
has been rendered so for at least twenty years to
come. We shall receive scarcely a dollar of rev-
enue from these public lands for the next twenty
years, owing to the bounty land system which
we have adopted. I go now for the appropriation
aAhese lands to great national purposes, if you
prease. For the purpose of making a great high-
way across the continent—a highway not only
for the United States, but a highway for all the
nations of the earth. Not for the purpose of a
railroad from St. Louis out into the woods. I go
for a great national concern. I say that it is but
right and just upon the part of the new States
here who are asking for large appropriations, not
only of public lands, but also large appropriations
of money for rivers and harbors, and for every
other conceivable object, that they should concede
to us, who have been paying for the last sixty
years—from the very foundation of the Govern-
ment—appropriations of money, which have gone
to purchase these public lands, to give consent to
give some appropriations to the old States.
Where has the money been derived from that
has befcn paid out of the public Treasary for the
payment of Indian annuities; for the payment of
Indian treaties; for annexation with the Indians
for the protection of the frontier ? Sir, out of the
general Treasury these lands have been purchased,
and now we have a system advocated, aye, and
strenuously advocated, too, (and we have been
told that it shall be forced upon us after the pres-
ent census and next apportionment takes place)
they tell us that they will have the power, and
that they will compel us to yield to them; that
they will not ask us for the public lands—that they
will take them.
Well, now, Mr. Speaker, if this is the system
that is to he adopted, I am for dividing them
among the different States, and letting the States
apply them for such purposes as they may think
proper. But let them be devoted to purposes of
internal improvement, of facilitating intercommu-
nication between the different States, of making
great changes and improvements, and for the pur-
pose of establishing a sound, healthy, uniform
system of public education in the States, which
will diffuse its benefits and blessings for all time
to come among our people. I am not disposed to
express any opposition to the present bill. I only
say that I am ignorant of its contents, of its ob- j
jects, of its principles, and of its details. 1 will
not now say that I will vote against this bill after '
it has been properly discussed, canvassed, and ar- '
ranged, so as to meet the objects which I believe '
the gentleman from Tennessee has in view, for !
the purpose of benefiting the homeless, the house-
less, and the landless. I am the very last man i
upon this floor that would deny the benefits and
blessings of this Government and its landed prop-
erty to the houseless and homeless poor* But I
say, in the first place, devote a proper portion of
these lands to making internal improvements; de-
vote a proper portion of them to the purposes of en-
, dowing colleges, academies, and common schools,
i and diffuse the benefits and blessings of education
I among all classes of our people. Educate and
! enlighten the masses; teach them to know what
is their true dignity and destiny, and then you fit
them to be occupants of {he soil, and useful citi- ,
zens of the country.
Mr. Speaker, I promised before I sat down to
move either to recommit this bill or 
| The SPEAKER. The Chair states to the gen-
i tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Casey] that a
motion is now pending, made by the gentleman !
from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] to refer this bill to
• the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and to print it.
| Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I do not propose,
i Mr. Speaker, to enter into any elaborate discus-
I sion of the principles involved in the bill introduced ,
: by my friend from Tennessee. I propose how-
j ever, to defend it very briefly against what I con-
ceive, from the demonstrations thus far made, to be
the misapprehensions of gentlemen from all parts
of the country. There seems to be a prevailing
notion, that the older States of the Union have
as great, and even greater claims upon the lands
lying within the limits of the new States, than the
new States have themselves. In coming to this
conclusion, it strikes me that gentlemen overlook
a very important consideration; and that is, that
the emigrant population, the pioneer population,
! who go into the wilderness and subdue and con- j
! vert it into an agricultural country, thereby acquire ;
something more than an interest in the spot of i
earth, which they purchase from Government, j
Sir, who was it that made all the States of the ,
West what they are now? Who was it that
snatched the great State of Ohio from a dreary
wilderness, ana made it one of the most flourishing
States of the Union? Who was it that convert-
ed the wildernesses of Mississippi and Alabama
from what they were a quarter of a century ago,
to the most fertile and productive States in the
Union ? Was it the slothful population in the old
States, who remained where they were? or was it
an enterprising peoplewho cut loose from the worn-
out fields of Vlrginia and Pennsylvania, made their
way through the wilderness, reared their cabins,
cut down forests, and converted the wilderness
into a garden ? And shall we be told, that these
people shall have their enterprise rewarded in no
higher degree than by the little spot of earth pur-
chased from the* Government at twice its real
value, and which they have made productive and
fruitful, by the labor which they have bestowed
upon it ? I undertake to say, that there is not an
acre of land in the country now in a state of cul-
tivation, that is worth the value of the labor that
has been betowed upon it, unless it be near a city
or in some such favorable locality. Sir, you make
a good bargain in giving these lands "to anybody
who will go and take possession of them and cul-
tivate them, for you are thereby increasing the
aggregate wealth of the nation, adding something
to your commerce, increasing the national pros-
perity and the importance of the States, and above
all, increasing the independence of your popula-
tion.
But, sir, I do not propose to go into an elabor-
ate discussion of this question. I am not prepared
j to do so at this time. But I propose, before I sit
^down, to offer a substitute, which I ask the read-
ing of, after which, I desire to make a brief ex-
planation of its provisions.
The following is the proposed amendment:
^ Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the laws now in force, granting preemption to
actual settlers on the public lands, shall continue until oth-
erwise ordered by Congress, and that the same be extended
to all the Territories of the United States.
Sec. 2. And he it further enacted, That from and after
the passage of this act, the rights of preemptors shall be per-
petuated : that is to say, persons acquiring the right of pre-
emption shall retain the same without disturbance, and
without payment of any kind to the United States, but on
these conditions : First, the preemptor shall not sell, alien-
ate, or dispose of his or her right for a consideration, and if
he or she voluntarily abandons one preemption and claims
another, go right shall be acquired by such claim, until
the claimant shall first have testified, under oath, be
fore the register of the land office when tha claim is pre-
ferred, that he or she has voluntarily abandoned his or her
original preemption, and that no consideration, reward or
payment of any kind has been received, or is expected, di-
rectly or indirectly, as an inducement for such abandon-
ment ; and any person who shall testify falsely in such case,
shall be deemed guilty of peijury. Second : Any person
claiming and holding the right of preemption to lands under
this act, may be required by the State within which the
same Ites, to pay taxes thereon in the same manner, and to
the same extent, aB if he or she owned the said land in fee
simple; and in case such lands are sold for taxes, the pur-
chaser shall acquire the right of preemption only. Third :
Absence of the preSmptor and his family for six consecu-
tive months, shall be deemed an abandonment, and the
land shall, in such case, revert to the United States, and be
subject to the same disposition as other public lands-
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, Thiit lands preempted,
and the improvements thereon, shall not be subject to exe-
cution sale, or other sale for debt; and all contracts made
in reference thereto, intended in anywise to alienate the
right, or to embarrass or disturb the preemptor in his or her
occupancy, shall be absolutely null and void.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the preemptor
may, at any time, at his or her discretion, enter the lands
preempted, by paying therefor to the proper officer of the
United States one dollar and twenty five cents per acre.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That in case of the
preemptor's death, if a married man, his right shall survive
to his widow and infant children, but the rights of the older
children shall cease as they respectively come of age, or
when they reach the age of twenty-one years; in all cases
the right of preemption shall remain in the youngest child.
And in case of the death of both father and mother, leaving
an infant child or children, the executor, administrator, or
guardian, may at any time within twelve months after such
death, enter said preempted lands in the name of said in-
fant child or children, or the said preemption, together with
the improvements on the lands, may be deemed property,
and as such, «old for the benefit of said infants, but for no
other purpose, and the purchaser may acquire the right of
the deceased preemptor by such purchase.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from Mississippi, that amendments are
not in order pending the motion to commit.
Mr GREEN. Will the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi yield me the floor a few moments ?
Mr. BROWN. I will yield it for the purpose
of explanation.
Mr. GREEN. I wish to make a few remarks
in reference to the question now before the House;
but if the floor is yielded for explanation only, I
do not suppose it would authorize all that I desire
to say.
Mr. BROWN, I will yield the floor to the
gentleman, if I may be allowed to resume it after-
wards.
Mr. GREEN. What I desire to say is, that
this bill seems to give rise to a discussion on the
general subject, as to the propriety of disposing of
the public lands in the manner indicated in it.
There may be many reasons, and there doubtless
are, for supporting a bill of this description. For
myself, I believe that Congress has the undoubted
power, not only to pass such a bill, making any
disposition of the public lands that it believes will
most conduce to the public interest, but with a
view, also, of increasing the resources of the Treas-
ury; and this, I think, can be accomplished with-
out injury to the interests of the community at
large. It is on this same principle, to effect the
same general good for the country, that grants
have been asked of Government to aid in internal
improvements in the States. Sir, these grants
have never been asked as a boon, as a mere gift,
or as a drain upon the public Treasury.
Mr. BROWN. I would like to indulge my
friend from Missouri, but I shall lose my right to
the floor if I allow him to proceed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the gentleman from Missouri occupies the floor by
the courtesy of the House and with the permis-
sion of the gentleman from Mississippi.
Mr. BROWN. If I am not to lose my right to
the floor, I have no objection to his continuing his
remarks.
Mr. GREEN. It is with reference to what
transpired between the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Casey] and myself that I wish to make
