1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3ifi
this explanation. He seems to misunderstand the
position which we western men occupy. We do
not support this scheme because it is a boon to
the poor people of the country, but because, while
it is a favor to those who are not able to buy land,
it is at the same time a wise disposition on the
part of the General Government, as a great land-
owner, the balance retained by the Government
being rendered more valuable by such a disposi-t
tion. It is, moreover, condusive to the best inter-
ests of the country that these lands should be
settled, and in a state of successful cultivation,
and yielding their thousands of products, the con-
sequence of which must be felt in the general com-
merce of the country, in the return trade, in
consumption, and in the duties paid on that con-
sumption.
But the gentleman says that he desires that the
State of Pennsylvania shall have the same given
to her as to other States while we are parcelling
out the public lands. In reply to him I say, that
we are not parcelling them out, but that we are
making a wise and systematic use of them. And
let me ask the gentleman this question: How did
his State; how did South Carolina; how did Vir-
ginia; how did every other State acquire a title to
the public lands lying within their limits?
Mr. CASEY. Does the gentleman wish for an
answer?
Mr. GREEN. I will answer it, and leave the
geptleman to answer me some other questions
which I shall have to put to him. I say they ac
quired the title by the joint efforts of the original
thirteen colonies. Not by Virginia alone; not by
the efforts of Pennsylvania alone; nor by the ef-
forts of Massachusetts, or the wide-extended do-
main of Maine alone, all of which enjoyed the
benefits. It did not result from the prowess of
Massachusetts, or the great power of Virginia
alone, but from the united efforts and patriotism
of the thirteen colonies, who expended their joint
blood and joint treasure in the struggle, involving
a debt of $120,000,000. And when the parent
Government acknowledged, as the result of their
joint efforts, the independence of these colonies,
the title to the States belonged severally to the
respective sovereignties. •
When Virginia made donations of these vast
northwestern States, (for which she has my
thanks,) she still retained the balance unappro-
priated by private grants: that balance being the
result also of the joint efforts of the thirteen ori-
final colonies. That debt was the debt of the
tates belonging in a comparative degree to the
people of Virginia. So with regard to the people
of Pennsylvania, of Massachusetts, and the peo-
ple of every other of the thirteen States. And,
sir, they have all enjoyed the benefits arising from
this independence, and all have taken their full
proportion of the debt incurred, and contributed
their full proportion in the acquisition of this title.
And when we ask some little favor, not a boon,
but a distribution which will make these vast do-
mains really public lands 
Mr. CASEY, (interrupting.) I wish to tell the
gentleman, that so far as the State of Pennsylvania
is concerned, Pennsylvania purchased the whole
of her soil, and has paid every dollar for it.
Mr. GREEN. Stop a minute: I have a reply
to make. The title of the States to the lands
contained in them acquired from the Indians, is
simply the usufruct, not the/ee simple. That (the
latter) belonged to the sovereign. When Penn-
sylvania bought these lands of the Indians, she
bought the usufruct only, not the fee simple, for
that belonged to the Crown; and when the inde-
pendence of the States was acknowledged, the fie
simple passed into the hands of the States, not to
the State of Pennsylvania alone.
Mr. CASEY. I should like to inform the gen-
tleman how Pennsylvania paid.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Missouri yield the floor to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania ?
Mr. GREEN. Not at present.
Mr. CASEY. I only wish to say 
The SPEAKER. Where gentlemen decline to
yield the floor, they must not be interrupted.
Mr. CASEY. I raise the point of order, that
the gentleman from Missouri cannot proceed with
the remarks he is making.
The SPEAKER. If the point of order is raised,
the gentleman from Missouri cannot proceed..
Mr. GREEN. I will make my remarks come
strictly within the leave granted, if what I have
been saying was not so.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania insists on the point of order, the gentle-
.man from Missouri can only proceed in explana-
tion of any remark' which have been made by the
gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown.] The
| rule is a strict one in reference to yielding the
! floor, that it shall be for personal explanation only.
By the courtesy of the House these interruptions
are indulged; but if the point of order is raised the
Chair is obliged to enforce the rules.
Mr. GREEN. If objection is made to what I
have already said, I will make what I have to say
further strictly within the rules. I had designed
to make some general remarks on this Question,
but I will waive that and confine myself to the per-
sonal matter between the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania and myself. I understand the gentleman
to say that he desires to come back to the " Amer-
ican system," and as a part of thatAmerican sys-
tem which is peculiarly advocated by the party and
that school of politics to which he belongs, he in-
stanced the graduation of the prices of the public
lands.
Now, sir, I wish to make this public declara-
tion, that during the Thirtieth Congress, of which
I was a member, and of which I believe the gen-
tleman himself was also a member, (though I may
be mistaken as to this,) we had a very honorable
Whig Speaker, and as a necessary consequence,
Whig committees. Numerous petitions were re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands, of which
I was a member, (the honorable Mr. Collamer, of
Vermont, Postmaster General under the last Ad-
ministration , being its chairman.) These petitions
prayed for the graduation of the price of the public
lands, which was originally advocated by the
Democratic party, and opposed by the Whigs.
Mr. Collamer, under instructions from the com-
mittee, made an elaborate report against that grad-
uation, and the report was sanctioned by the
House. There was no counter-report of, or ac-
tion taken by, the minority of the committee. I
now ask the g«ntleman 
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. A portion of the
committee, at least, were in favor of it. I myself
was very much in favor of it.
Mr. GREEN. Then why did you not vote for
it? Mr. Speaker, I desire to ask the gentleman
when 
Mr. WHITE. I rise to a point of order. I
submit that the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr.
Brown] can only yield the floor for explanation.
The SPEAKER. As theChair has before ruled,
the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Green] can
Only address the House by way of explanation.
Mr. GREEN. If the gentleman from Missis-
sippi cannot allow me to proceed, I will conclude
my remarks.
Mr. BROWN. So far as I am concerned, it is
with great pleasure that I have allowed my friend
from Missouri to proceed, and I have no doubt
that it has been to the satisfaction of the House.
I can only express my regret that he has not been
allowed to continue his remarks. I should like,
as a part of my argument, -to have the bill intro-
duced by the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Johnson] read.
The Clerk read the bill.
Mr. BROWN continued. I do not entirely
concur in the objects of this bill, but rather than
do nothipg, I would vote for it. But I do not
think that it is the true policy of this Government
to give to individuals an absolute title to the land, [
authorizing them to dispose of it as they think |
proper. I do not feel that this Government is un-
der any obligation to do that. • i:
Mr. BURT (interposing) inquired if the morn-
ing hour had expired ?
The SPEAKER said that there were one or ;
two minutes remaining.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. As the morning i
hour has so nearly expired, I will not attempt to !
continue my remarks at this time. t,
i
DEFICIENCY BILL. |
On motion by Mr. BURT, the rules were sus- j
pended, and the House resolved itself into Com- !
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, |
(Mr. Meade in the chair.) .
Messrs. HAYMOND, MARSHALL, HAR- j
ALSON, and MOORE, addressed the committee
in regard to the execution of the bounty land law , i,
by the Third Auditor and the Commissioner of
Pensions; and Mr. McCLERNAND addressed
the committee on a proposition to reorganize the
State Department.
[Their remarks will be found in the Appendix-]
On motion by Mr. HALL, the committee rose,
and the Speaker having resumed the chair, the
chairman of the committee [Mr. Meade] reported
that the committee had had under consideration
the state of the Union generally, and the special
order (the deficiency bill) in particular, and had
come to no conclusion thereon.
On motion by Mr. EWING, the House then
adjourned.
PETITIONS, fcc.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
Under the rule, and referred to approprinte committee*:
By Mr. SCHERMERHORN: The petition of H. N. Cur-
tis and 208 other citizens of Rochester, New York, praying
for the passage of a bill-giving further remedies to protect
patentees against violations of their right* in the Canadas.
By Mr. DUNCAN: The memorial of Moses Davenport
and other merchants of Newburyport, Massachusetts, ask-
ing an appropriation for piers and Ixioys in the Harbor of
Newburyport.
By Mr. FULLER: The memorial and petition, accom-
panied by plans, of the Mayor and citizens of Georgetown,
D. C., praying for a police force—the extension of Penn-
sylvania avenift, so as to intersect with Bridge street—gas
lights up Bridge and High streets, and for a supply of water
from the Great Falls of the Potomac river.
By Mr. MORSE: The petition of Henry O. McEnery,
John H. Durkgrave, and J. B. Tilhiol, praying for an act to
grant th'em compensation for locating military bounty land
warrant*and Choctaw Indian land scrip.
By Mr. WHITTLESEY: The memorial of Beman Gates,
William F. Curtis, and others, citizens of Washington
county, Ohio, asking Congress to remove the impediments
to a free navigation around the falls of the Ohio river.
By Mr. MILLSON: The petition of Joseph N. School-
field, administrator of Robert Roe, deceased, praying for the
passage of a law authorizing the sale and transfer of the
land warrant of the said Roe.
Also, the memorial of James Ashby and others for the
satisfaction of Virginia military land warrants.
IN SENATE.
Thttrsdat, January 23, 1851.
The PRESIDENT of the Senate laid before the
body a communication from the Department of
War, made in compliance with a resolution of the
17th instant, calling for copies of all correspond-
ence, communications, &c., on file in that De-
partment, touching the expediency of constructing
a military road from Dubuque to Fort Clarke, in
Iowa; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. BRADBURY presented a petition from the
inhabitants of Minnesota Territory, asking that
the reserved lands around FortSnelhng, not nee#d
for military purposes, may be granted to said Ter-
ritory, to be sold at auction to the highest bidder
who shall settle thereon, and that a portion of the
proceeds be appropriated for purposes of educa-
tion and public improvements; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. DOWNS presented resolutions passed by
the Chamber of Commerce of the city of New
Orleans, in favor of increasing the salary of the
United States District Judge at Key West; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Also, a memorial from the heirs of Richard
Nickerson, asking the confirmation of the title of
a certain tract of land entered by said Nickerson;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Also, a memorial from the late and present re-
ceivers of the land office at Monroe, in the State
of Louisiana, asking additional compensation for
the entry of military bounty land warrants; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. WALKER presented a petition from the
Ouvrier Circleof the "Brotherhood of theUnion,"
praying that the public lands may be granted in
limited quantities to actual settlers not possessed
of other lands; which was ordered to he on the
table.
Mr. W. also presented numerous other memo-
rials on the same subject from New York, Wil-
liamsburg, and other places; which were referred
to the same committee.
Mr. DICKINSON submitted a document from
Jordan L. Mott, in behalf of the true inventors
of the United States, on the subject of the bill to
amend the patent laws now before the Senate;
which was referred to the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office.
