816
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 23,
Mr. EWIPfG presented a petition from citizens
of Belmont county, in the State of Ohio, ask-
ing a reduction of the rates of postage to one cent
and the abolition of the franking privilege; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. SEWARD presented two memorials from
inventors and other citizens of New York, asking
that the bill now pending before the Senate for the
amendment of the patent laws may become a law;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Also, a petition from citizens of St. Clairsville,
New York, asking a redaction of the rates of
postage; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Also, from citizens of Sharon county, Ohio,
asking the immediate repeal of the late act of
Congress for the recapture of fugitive slaves;
which Mr. S. moved to refer to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
On motion by Mr. DICKINSON, it was or-
dered that it be laid on the table.
Mr. CASS presented a memorial from certain
officers of the Army, asking a modification of the
provisions of the act granting brevet rank and
additional pay to non-commissioned officers and
certificates of merit and extra pay to soldiers
who should distinguish themselves in the service;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. SHIELDS presented resolutions of the
Legislature of the State of Illinois, in the shape of
instruction to their Senators and request to their
Representatives, in favor of the passage of a law
granting a donation of land to aid in the construc-
tion of the Mount Carmel and New Albany rail-
road; which were ordered to lie on the table and
be printed.
Also, resolutions of the same Legislature in favor
of granting land to any landless head of a family
that will settle and cultivate the same; which were
ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
GEORGETOWN WATER AND POLICE REGULA-
TIONS.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I am requested to pre-
sent a petition from citizens of Georgetown, which
is very numerously signed. I have not counted
the names, but it seems to me there are enough to
include all the male inhabitants above twenty-one
years of age. The object of the memorial is four-
fold. In the first place, they take the suggestion
made by the President of the United States in re-
lation to the supplying of this city with water, and
they suggest that the water ean be brought from
the Big Falls of the Potomac; and they request
that it may be conveyed from that place to this city
tl^ough the city of Georgetown, that they may
have the advantages of watering their city, if that
project shall be carried out, upon such terms as
Congress may think proper.
Thev then pray for certain improvements; the
extension of the avenue to their City, and a bridge
across Rock creek, connecting it with Bridge street,
in Georgetown. They then pray for an enlarge-
ment of the city guard, An enlargement of the
police established by Congress heretofore, and ask
that other benefits may be extended to their city.
In regard to the latter subject, I ask leave to read
the following extract from a letter which I received
yesterday, dated the 23d, stating certain facts with
which the Senate of the United States and the
country should perhaps be acqoainted:
" I presume you are aware of the fact that a very serious
fire riot has taken place in our city within the last week,
with probably fatal results to innocent persons, and which
could not be suppressed for the want of a sufficient number
of officers, of which the city is entirely deficient. We
have laws for the punishment of crimes, with scarcely any
officers to arrest offenders. After the riot of Thursday
through the day, it was kept up or renewed in the night.
The " Union" and " Franklin" engine houses, both the
property of the United States, were attacked by mobs and
considerably injured, which resulted in the shooting of sev-
eral persons in the public streets, endangering the lives of
•all who were innocently passing from their places of busi-
ness. Not content with what had already been done, the
engine house ef the Columbia Fire Company, situated on
"Capitol hill, also the property of the Government, was set
on Ore daring Sunday night, and totaHy consumed, and the
apparatus much injured by the incendiaries. So that you
will perceive that Government property is quite as liable to
these wanton attacks as the property of individuals; and
hence the necessity of a larger number of watchmen for the
protectien of our city."
I state these facts, which I have derived from
this correspondent, in connection with the facts
set outin this memorial, and I ask that the peti-
tion with th« accompanying papers may be re-
ferred to the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia, and hope that they will take the matter into
immediate consideration.
j It was so referred.
MANUFACTURING COMPANY, WASHINGTON,
i Mr. WALKER. I wish to present the petition
of the Mayor and Common Council of the city of
Washington, and citizens of Georgetown, praving
' Congress to grant an act of incorporation for a
manufacturing company in the District of Colum-
' bia. I have examined the petition, and though I
have but a very limited acquaintance in the two
cities, so far as my knowledge of individuals here
for reputation is concerned, I am inclined to think
that sorn* of the first citizens of these places have
signed it. I see the names of the Mayor and
members of the Council, Mr. Riggs, and various
other persons of general reputation upon it, and
from an examination of the memorial, which is
simply for a charter for a manufacturing company,
I am at present inclined to favor it, and therefore
I move its reference to the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
It was so referred.
AERIAL NAVIGATION.
Mr. WALKER. I have also the petition of
Mr. Rufus Porter, upon a subject which was
, brought to the attention of the Senate the other
' day by the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas]—
,j aerial navigation. Mr. Porter represents that he
I has constructed an apparatus with which he is
| enabled to navigate the air, by combining steam
I with it; that he has tested it to his own satisfac-
tion, and challenged the world to contradict him
; upon it. He expresses himself with great confi-
| dence as to its practicability, and asks that that
| may be done to him which was done to Professor
| Morse and Professor Page: that an appropriation
j be made to enable him to demonstrate it to the
: world. I will say, as I said to the petitioner,.that
it looks to me very much like a matter of air, and,
whatever steam combined with it may do, I think
! a practical illustration will be necessary to satisfy
!' the world. I move the reference of*the memorial,
! according to his request, however, to the Commit-
' tee on Commerce.
<: It was so referred.
SALARY OF A DISTRICT JUDGE.
Mr. HALE. I hold in my hand a petition,
which I wish to present to the Senate, and ask for
it the consideration of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to which I shall move to refer it, praying
Jhat the salary of the Judge of the United States
District Court.for the-district of New Hampshire
may be raised. And here let me be indulged for
a moment in stating that the salary of that district
judge is the lowest that is paid any other district
judge in the United States, and is entirely inade-
quate to his support. It is much lower than that 1
paid to the State judges.
i Mr. DAYTON. Permit me to remind the Sen-
. ator that a memorial on that subject is already be- !
fore that committee, and has been placed in my 1
charge for consultation with the Senator, which |
will be acted upon, as soon as he makes the neces-
sary representation of facts to the committee. The
simple fact that this gentleman's salary is lower
than the salary of any other man cannot of itself
entitle him to an increase. There must obviously
be something beyond that; if entitled, it is by
reason of the amount of business. I move that it
lie on the table, as the subject is already before the
committee.
. Mr. HALE. I wish to state to the Senator that
' he is mistaken in supposing that there is another
memorial. There is no memorial, but simply an
amendment to the resolution introduced by the
Senator from California. I think it had better be
referred.
Mr. DAYTON. I have no objection.
It was referred to the Committee on the Ju-
! diciary. N
! THE PUBLIC LANDS—MISSOURI RAILROAD.
Mr. BENTON. I have a petition to present,
very numerously signed by citizens of Moniteau,
in the State of Missouri, praying that a grant of
j land may be made to aid in the construction of a
[ railway to the western frontie/ of that State. They
- give several reasons in favor of the application
i which they make, one of which is, thattheUnited
j States now own twenty-nine millions of acres of un-
I sold lands in that State, and that there never has i
been appropriated in Missouri by Congress but
five hundred thousand acres for any object of the
kind. They think, therefore, that their memorial
is entitled to consideration. I move that, without
reading, it be referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
It was so referred.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to which was referred the petition of Anna
McLean, widow of an officer that died in service,
asking to be allowed a pension, submitted a report
in writing, which was ordered to be printed, ask-
ing to be discharged from the further consideration
of the same; which was agreed to.
Also, from the Committee on Printing, to which
was referred the motion to print the petition of
Jesse McKinley, asking that his treatise on phono-
typy may be printed in common type with the
Declaration of Independence annexed in the pho-
notype alphabet, reported against printing the same;
' which was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred the petition of John Ham-
: ilton, asking bounty land for services during the
Mexican war, submitted a report in writing, ask-
ing to be discharged from the further consideration
of the same, on the" ground that his case was
already covered by the act of September 28, 1850;
which was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE, from the Committee on Finance,
to which the subject was referred, reported a bill
in addition to and amendatory of the act entitled
" An act to provide for the settlement of the ac-
counts of public officers and others who may have
received money arising from military contribu-
tions or otherwise in Mexico, approved the 3d
March, 1849;" which was read and passed to a
second reading.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred the petition of William
Tell Zollickoffer, asking to be allowed a pension
for services during the Mexican war, submitted a
report in writing recommending that the prayer
of the petitioner be rejected; which was agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred House bill No. '74, being the bill for the
relief of Avery Downer, reported back the same
without amendment, with a recommendation that
it do not pass; which was agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of Ann Dodd, widow of a
revolutionary soldier, submitted a report in writing
declaring it inexpedient to grant her prayer, and
asking to be discharged from the further consider-
ation of the same; which was agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of James Tarrant, asking a
pension, to which his father was entitled, asked
to be discharged from the further consideration of
the same; which was agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, reported a bill
for the relief of John B. Barton, and the other
surviving children of the late General William
Barton.
The bill was read a first time and ordered to a
second reading.
Mr. HALE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate to consider the bill at this time. I wish
to state that this is the case of a revolutionary
soldier who was obliged to relinquish his invalid
pension by the construction which the Depart-
ment put upon the act of 1828. Congress, in 1830,
passed an explanatory act, deciding that construc-
tion wrong. In repeated instances Congress has
passed bills to remedy that construction in indi-
vidual cases; and this bill is simply to apply a
remedy to General Barton's case.
By-unanimous consent the bill was read a sec-
ond time and considered by the Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of John D. Barton and the other
surviving children of General William Barton,
deceased, on the list of invalid pensioners from the
22d October, 1831, until the time of his death.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. SEWARD gave notice of his intention to
ask -leave to bring in a bill authorizing a just set-
tlement of the accounts of John C. Bergh, late one
