1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
£17
of the additional paymasters in the United States
Army.
Mr. BORLAND gave notioe of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to authorize the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office to correct er-
rors of location of bounty land warrants in favor
of actual settlers.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives by Mr. Young, their Clerk:
"Mr. President: The House of Representatives have
passed a bill to enable Jacob Banta to locate two revolution-
ary bounty land warrants, in which they request the con-
currence of the Senate."
The bill was then read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
NAVT SURGEONS.
The engrossed resolution to provide for placing
medical officers of the Navy who rendered service
on land upon the same footing with medical offi-
cers of the Army for similar services, was read a
third time and passed. —
The title was so amended as to read, " A reso-
lution to provide for placing certain medical officers
of the Navy, who rendered service on land in
Mexico, upon the same footing with medical offi-
ders of the Army for similar services."
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
•Mr. DOUGLAS took occasion to state, that in
the House of Representatives a day not far distant
had been set apart for the consideration of business
relating to the Territories, and hence he desired
the Senate to take up and dispose of, that it might
be considered in the House, a bill to pay the ex-
penses of the Cayuse war.
The'PRESIDENT decided that the undisposed-
of morning business was entitled to priority.
DRY-DOCK ON THE PACIFIC.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of the
following resolution, which was submitted on Mon-
day last by Mr. Ewing:
itesoieed, That the Committee on Finance be instructed
to inquire whether the clause in the first section of the act
of September 98,1830, providing for the construction of a
sectional or balance floating dry-dock, basin, and railway
at such harbor on the coast of the Pacific as the Secretary
of the Navy may select, can be so amended and the plan
so modified as to save a large amount of public money in
the construction of the contemplated work, without detract-
ing from its utility.
Mr. GWIN. I move to strike out the words
" Committee of Finance," and insert the words
" Committee on Naval Affairs." I have consulted
with the mover of the resolution, and he has given
his consent.
Mr. EWING. I consent to it, and it may he
done, as a matter of course.
The motion was agreed to, and the resolution
as amended was adopted.
SALES OF PUBLIC LANDS.
The following resolution, offered yesterday by
Mr. Benton, was next taken up:
Retained, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of suspending for a
limited time the public or auction sales of the public lands,
and authorizing during the game time the private sale by
entry of all new lands surveyed an<$ prepared for market,
and proclaimed for entry by the President, at one dollar and
twenty-five cents per acre in money, in parcels not exceed-
ing one hundred and sixty acres, and to actual settlers
-alone.
Mr. BENTON. I move that that resolution be
referred to the Committee on Public Lands. I be-
lieve the object of the resolution is apparent on its
face. It grows out erf facts communicated to the
-Senate. It is known that-at the present time the
•peculators hold many of the military land war-
rants which have been given by the Government,
and that when the public land sales are open they
prevent bidders from purchasing from the United
States, by representing to them that they will let
them have the same lands on better terms after the
auction sales are over, either by some little discount
or by giving a credit for them. In that way some
of the finest lands in the world, in the heart of
Iowa, are exposed for sale day after day, for
weeks together, without getting a solitary bid. It
is a great evil. I think it is bad enough that
ninety-five millions of acres of these public lands
are to be given awatlo the assignees of the sol-
diers, and quite Ufjfcjffd that only new lands are to
be taken in satisfaction of these warrants.
I hold this to be a fraud on the law as it now
stands. The law as it now stands says lands are
not to be received in &atisfaction of these warrants
until after the lands have been offered at auction;
meaning until after the best have been sold out at
auction. But the selling of any at auction is pre-
vented, and thus the fresh lands are taken by
those warrants, and in fraud of the law as it now
stands.
The object of the resolution ia to atop the spec-
ulators from getting these lands, and to permit
cultivators to get them. It is to suspend the pub-
lic auction sales for a limited time, and, during the
same time to permit actual settlers to enter them
by paying one dollar and twenty-five cents an acre :
for them. Even if auction sales -were fair, and
sales in reality, which they are not now, there
would be no object, as we have seen from the re-
turns from the General Land Office, in undertaking
to get more than one dollar and twenty-five cents
per acre. But we all know perfectly well, from
the returns from the Land Office, that, after deduct-
ing the expense of the sales, the receipts do not !
amount to two cents per acre above the limited
price of the public lands. The chairman of the
Coipmittee on the Public Lands tells me that I am ,
right in saying that we do not get in any way
more than two cents per acre above the limited '
price. There is, therefore, no object in attempt- j
ing to tarry out the auction sales when we make
no money by it. I am informed, since I spoke on ;
this subject the other day, thai these warrants are
purchased by speculators at an average price of |
, thirty-odd cents per acre. Now, sir, how can the
United States contend with men who have got
these warrants at an average of thirty-odd cents
per acre? I am not for allowing this practice to
continue; for, instead of taking the old lands, they
| are taking fresh lands, and drive our officers and ,
auctioneers from the ground.
j The resolution was then adopted. '
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the Senate to take up
the bill 306 of the orders of the Semite, which is
" A bill to limit the liability of ship owners and
for other purposes." I believe that, of all the bills
which have been presented by the Committee on
Commerce, none have been asked to be made
special orders. I have not asked that any should j
be made so before this time. This is a bill in
which I feel a great interest, and on* ia which the
owners of the shipping of the country take a deep
interest. I hope there will be no objection to its
being taken up.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I must ask
that that Territorial bill be taken up, as it is neces-
sary that it should be considered here now on ac-
count of the fact that a day has been fixed in the
other House for the consideration of territorial
questions. I hope the Senator from Maine will
give way; I am surehewill; he is a generous man.
Mr. HAMLIN. I can only say that this is the
first request of the kind that I have made of the
Senate in relation to any bill reported from the
Committee on Commerce. If there are other Sen-
ators who can say the same with respect to bills
of which they have charge, I will not insist on its
being taken up. I think the Senator from Illinois
cannot say so, though I will not make the decla-
ration.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will not make any decla-
ration with regard to it; but I think the Senator
should not have made a motion to take up that bill
pending a motion which I had made.
Mr. HAMLIN. I was not aware that.the Sen-
ator had made a motion. .
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Illinois
had made -a motion which was not at the time in
order.
Mr. HAMLIN. I will withdraw my motion
Mr. DOUGLAS. I then move that the prior
orders be postponed with a view to take up Senate
bill No. 374, which is a territorial bill.
Mr. SMITH. I really hope that members of
the Senate will consent to have a disposition made
of the French spoliation bill now. It has been
before us an entire week, and I had hoped that the
Senate would come to a vote upon it yesterday;
hut in consequence of the fact that a large part of
the day was occupied by another subject, it be-
came impossible for us to get a vote upon it yes-
terday. I am very apprehensive that if the bill
suggested by the Senator from Illinois is taken up,
it will lead to a debate, and the whole day will be
occupied in its consideration.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I think a simple statement of
the facts will satisfy every Senator that it is proper
to take up the bill which 1 proposed.
The motion was not agreed to.
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the special order, being
the bill to provide for the ascertainment and satis-
faction of claims of American citizens for spolia-
tions committed by the French prior to the 31st of
July, 1801.
Th^ PRESIDENT. The question pending is
on the amendments made yesterday in Committee
of the Whole, which were to strike out the eleventh
section of the bill, and so much of the ninth sec-
tion as is necessary to make it correspond to the
amendment made by striking out the eleventh sec-
tion. The question will be taken on both together,
unless a division is called for.
Mr. TURNEY. I ask that the vote may be
taken first on concurring in the amendment made
by striking out the eleventh section; and on that
question I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and were taken
with the following result:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Berrien, Bradbury,
Clarke, Clay, Davis of Massachusetts, Dayton, Downs,
Ewing, Greene, Gwin, Hale, Hamlin, Manguni, Miller,
Morton, Pearce, Phelps, Pratt, Seward, Shields, Smith,
Spruance, Sturgeon, Underwood, Upham, Wales, and
Winthrop—39.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Benton, Borland, Butler,
Cass, Chase, Clemens, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson, Dick-,
inson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Felch,
Foote, Hunter, Jones, King, Norris, Rhett, Rusk, .Soul*,
Turney, Walker, Whitcomb, ahd Yulee—36.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The PRESIDENT. The other amendment fol-
lows of course.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have troubled the Senate
with no suggestions of mine in relation to the
merits of this bill, nor do I propose to do so now.
I observe, however, that many of the northern
papers which have come under my inspection
within the last twenty-four hours have done both
myself and my friend from Virginia [Mr. Hun-
ter] great injustice through the telegraph. The
very able and very learned speech which my friend
made on this question has been attributed to my-
self, thereby doing me very great injustice, and
doing my friend equal injustice, because after a
careful and thorough examination of the facts,
long since, I came to the conclusion that the sub-
ject is one of great merit, and one which should
receive the favorable action of this body, and my
votes have uniformly corresponded with that opin-
ion.
I only rise to make this correction, because as
that error has traveled through many of the pa-
pers in the North, I desire that the correction may
follow it.
Mr. BORLAND. I rise to offer an amendment
to the bill in the first section. I move to strike
out in the fotftth and fifth lines of that section,
the words " to an amount not exceeding five mil-
lions of dollars."
The object of the amendment is to strike out
the limit as to the amount proposed to be paid;
and it rests upon this simple view of the ease. If
it be a debt which the United States honestly
owes, it ought to be paid. The whole amount
ought to be paid if due, without any limitation;
and if it be not such a debt, then we ought not to
pay anything at all, in my opinion. I therefore
wish to call the attention of the Senate to this fact,
and upon this amendment I desire to have a vote
of the Senate.
I will assume that this is put on the ground of a
debt which the United States actually owes to the
claimants. The United States ought then to pay
it to the last dollar which may be found to be due
after a full investigation. And I will say, in the-
language of the Senator Virginia, [Mr. Huntr*,]
" if it be a gratuity, the United States is not in a
condition to make a gratuity to that amount." It
looks to me, in the terms of the bill,' very much
like the declaration of a bankrupt debtor to his
creditor, who says: " I acknowledge I owe you a
large amount, and I ask you to compound with
me for about five or ten or twenty cents on a dol-
lar." I am not willing to place the United State#
in such a position as that of saying, " I acknowl-
edge injustice I owe you this debt, but I am un-
able to pay you, and I wish yon to compound with
me on my paying you so much." That ia the
ground of my objection.
