1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
319
in mv judgment proper and legitimate legislation; 1
and I say so because 1 think it is wrong. There
are many things about which the Constitution
■ays nothing, which it neither allows nor pro-
hibits, but which it may be wrong nevertheless to
pass. But I hold it is not proper to pass a bill to
give away money for any purpose not fair and
equitable.
Mr. FOOTE. Mr. President, it only results
that I misunderstood what I deemed very plain
phraseology, coming from the lips of the honor-
able Senator from Arkansas. He certainly did
say, according to my recollection, that we had no
right to adopt this bill as a proposition of compro-
mise. Now, to my plain understanding, that
means that we have no authority, if it means any-
thin;. And if it means we have no authority, it
must mean that we have no authority because,
under the Constitution, from which we derive all
our power, we have no constitutional authority to
pass such a measure. That is the way I under-
stood the honorable Senator. It seems that I did
not understand him correctly, and that that was
not his meaning. He meant that it was improper
in itself; and if he had said so at first, I certainly
should not have been under the necessity of ma-
king my remarks upon it.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The question recurs, shall
the bill be ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading ?
Mr. HUNTER. On that question I ask the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and resulted
as follows:
TEAS—Mean. Badger, Baldwin, Berrien, Bradbury,
Clarke, Clay, Cooper, Davis of Massachusetts, Dawson,
Dayton, Downs, Ewing, Greene, Hale, Hainlin, Miller,
Mortem, Pearee, Phelps, Pratt, Seward, Shields, Smith,
SouM, dpruance, Snufeoa, Underwood, L'pbam, Wales,
aad H inliirop—3U.
NAT S—Mean. Atehiaoa, Bell, Benton, Borland, But-
ler, Cm, Chaw, Cleuwaa, Davia of Mtasianppi, Dickinson,
Dodfe of iriwondn, Dodfe of Iowa, Etouglaa, Felch,
Foote, Hunter, J one*, King, Manfum, Noma, Rbett, Busk,
Tarney, Walker, Whitcoanb, aad Yulea—J6.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
EXECUTIVE SESSION. j
On motion by Mr. GWTN, the Senate pro- '
ceeded to the consideration of executive business, '
and after some time the doors were reopened and
the Senate adjourned. 1
The following paragraphs formed a part of
Tuesday's Senate proceedings, but by an accident
were omitted in their proper place: j
COMPENSATION TO POST OFFICE CLERKS. 1
Mr. MANCrUM. A petition has been put into !
my hands this morning, of which I understand '
that a copy has already been presented to the ,
Senate. But as there are some papers accompa-
nying the petition which has been intrusted to me
which I desire to have referred to the Committee on :
the Post Office and Post Roads, I wish to present
the whole together. It is a petition from the clerks
and subordinate officers in the post office at Balti-
more, praying an increase of compensation, and
it modestly, succinctly, and clearly sets forth its
object, and shows most conclusively that these
officers are more unequally compensated than any
other officers of a similar grade in the public ser- ,
vice. They are under the lead of one of the best
postmasters I know of, who has reduced his force
to the very lowest minimum, and the compensa-
tion given to them is the smallest paid to any offi-
cers of a similar grade. There is one matter con-
nected with this subject which I understand, upon
consultation with the Senator from Maryland, :
[Mr. Pearce,] has been referred to the Commit- >•'
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads. I ask that .
this may have the same reference. j
The petition was so referred. i j
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION. '
Mr. PEARCE. I have a memorial from the j
Regents of the Smithsonian Institution, in which
they set forth that Congress has set apart the
original bequest of $515,000, and deposited it in
the Treasury as a perpetual fund for the support
of tliat institution; and that the sura of (242,000 :
of interest which had accrued on that fund was !
paid t£ the Regents in Treasury notes for the I
purpose of erecting a building. The memorial j
further states that a system of finance lias been |
adopted by the Regents which will enable them to
erect the building without disposing of the whole
of this sum of $342,000. They have now at their
disposition $150,000 in monev, and they wish
Congress to take that sum, and some other funds
which they expect to receive, and place them
in the Treasury with the original bequest, thus
increasing the perpetual endowment of the insti-
tution to about the sum of $700,000. I move the
reference of the memorial to the Committee on
Finance.
The memorial was so referred.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 24, 1851.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. The Jour-
nal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. DANIEL moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole House on the
private calendar.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union on the spe-
cial order—the deficiency bill.
Mr. THOMAS expressed the hope that the
House would not agree to the motion of the gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr Bayly,] as this was
objection day, and that a great many private bills
could be disposed of to which there was no ob-
jection.
Mr. STANLY asked the Speaker whether this
was not the day under the rule for the considera-
tion of private bills to which there was no objec-
tion?
The SPEAKER said that it was the fourth
Friday, and what was termed objection day under
the 30th rule, which provides that the bills to thp
passage of which no objection shall be made shall
be first considered and disposed of.
Mr. M ASON inquired whether it was not'after
the morning hour that that rule applied ?
The SPEAKER said that there was no morning
hour to-day.
Mr. SCHENCK inquired whether there were
not private bills on the Speaker's table to be dis-
posed of?
The SPEAKER said that there were private
bills on his table which might be disposed of before
going into committee, if there was no objection. .
j Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, inquired wheth-
> er, if the House did not go into committee on the
private calendar to-day, there would be more than
one other objection day this session?
The SPEAKER replied that the rule provided
that the first and fourth Fridays in each month
were objection days; and that the gentleman could
calculate for himself.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Bayly, that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
on the special order, and decided in the negative.*
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Daniel and agreed to; and
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole House, (Mr. Olds in the
chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of the
bills on the private calendar.
The following House bills were severally con-
sidered, and ordered to be laid aside to be reported
to the House:
198. A bill for the relief of the heirs-at-law of
Colonel David Hopkins;
200. A bill for the relief of the heirs of Semoice,
a friendly Crfeek Indian;
201. A bill further to amend an act approved the
2d of July, 1836, for the relief of Samuel Smith,
Linn McGhee, and Semoice, Creek Indians; and
also an act passed the 2d July, 1836, for the relief
of Susan Mariow;
202. A bill to amend and act entitled " An act
for the relief of Frederick Durrive," approved Au-
gust 14,1848; !
206. A bill for the relief of Willam Hankins; ,
207. A bill for the relief of Alden and Williams;
211. A bill for the relief of Gustavus A. De
Russey, late an acting purser in the Navy;
213. A bill for (the relief of Edmuna L. Du
Barry;
215. A bill for the relief of Mary Kirby Smith;
219. A bill for the relief of John Morrison;
220. A bill for the relief of AdamGarlock;
228. A bill granting a pension to Asel Wilkin-
son;
238. A bill for the relief of Major E. H. Fitz-
gerald;
245. A bill for the relief of Jasper A. Maltby;
247. A bill for the relief of Dunning R.McNair;
12. A joint resolution providing for an adjust*
ment of the accounts of John D. Colmesnil, Presi-
dent of the Ohio and Mississippi Mail Line Com-
pany;
248. "A bill for the relief of Josiah P. Pilcher;
258. A bill for the relief of the Virginia Woolen
Company;
260 A bill for the relief of the securities of
Robert S. Moore, deceased;
262. A bill for the relief of Eli Darling;
268. A bill for the relief of James F. Green;
271. A bill for the relief of George C. Thomas;
276. A bill for the relief of William B. Ed-
wards;
281. A bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Robert S. Burroughs and Stephen Hop-
kins;
284. A bill for "the relief of Isaac Cook and
others;
285. A bill for the relief of Malvina Cruzat,
widow of Manuel Cruzat, late Navy agent at New
Orleans;
286. A bill for the relief of Child, Farr db Co.,
of St. Louis, in the State of Missouri;
287. A bill for the compensation of James W.
Low and others, for the capture of the British
private armed schooner Ann, during the late war
with Great Britain.
The following bills coming up in their order on
the calendar, were considered, amended as indi-
cated below, and ordered to be reported to the
House as amended;
221. A bill for the relief of Rebecca Freeman,
widow of Pearson Freeman. [On Motion by Mr.
Conger, so amended as to provide that the pen-
sion shall commence in 1850 instead of 1847.]
222. A bill for the relief of Thomas Flanagan.
[On motion by Mr. Chandler, so amended as to
provide that the pension shall commence on the
1st January, 1850, instead of 1st July, 184? J
223. A bill for the relief of Jonas D. Piatt.
[On motion by Mr. Conger, so amended that the
pension shall commence on the 1st January, 1850.1
225. A bill for the relief of William Gove.
[On motion by Mr. Conger,'so amended as to
strike out 1844, and insert 1850.]
226. A bill granting a pension to Benjamin
Cressey. [On motion by Mr.Conger, so amended
as to provide that the pension shall commence 1st
January, 1850.]
227. A bill for the relief of Lot Davis. [On
motion by Mr. Conger, so amended as to insert
1850, in lieu of 1843.]
231. A bill for the relief of Alanson Pool. [On
motion"hy Mr. Conger, so amended as to strike
from the bill the second section, which provides
that the Secretary of the Interior shall issue to
said Pool a land warrant as bounty land, to which
he would have been entitled if he had been regu-
larly discharged at the expiration of his term of
service.]
233. A bill for the relief of Fielding G. Brown.
[On motion by Mr. Conger,'so amended as to
provide that the pension shall commence in 1850,
instead of 1836.]
236. A bill for the relief of Charles S. Mathews,
Charles Wood, and James Hall. [On motion by
Mr. Thomas, so amended as to reduce the amount
of appropriation from $12,500 to $11,500.J
265. A bill for the relief of Isaac Cobb. [On
motion by Mr. Conger, so amended as to provide
that the pension shall commence on the 1st Janu-
ary, 1856, instead of July, 1841.1
266. A bill for the relief of Martha Dameron.
[On motion by Mr. Conger, so amended as to
provide that the pension shall commence on the
1st January, 1850, instead of March 4, 1843.]
267. A bill for the relief of William Lynch.
[On motion by Mr. Conger,' so amended that the
pension shall commence in 1850 instead of 1848.]
269. A bill for the relief of James Mains. [On
motion by Mr. Conger, so amended as to pro-
vide that the pension Bhall commence in 1850, in-
stead of 1846.1
270. A bill for the relief of Isaac Downs. [On
motion by Mr. Conger, so amended as to provide
that the pension shall commence in 1850, instead
of 1848.1
273. A bill for the relief of Gardner Herring.
[On motion by Mr. Conger, so amaoded as to
