820
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 24.
substitute " Secretary of the Interior" for "Secre-
tary of War," and to substitute " 1st January,
1850,'.' for •' 23d January, 1845."]
275. A bill for the relief of Sylvanus Blodgett.
[On motion by Mr. Conckr, so amended as to
substitute " Secretary of the Interior" for " Secre-
tary of War," and the " 1st January, 1850," for
«' 7th January, 1846."]
283. A bill for the relief of the administrators of
Oliver Lee, deceased. [On motion by Mr. Thomas,
so amended as to provide that the payment of the
interest shall commence from the 28th August,
1844.]
The following bills coming up in their order on
the calendar, being objected to as indicated below,
were laid aside, under the rule, for future consid-
eration:
193. A bill for the relief of the grandchildren of
Major General Baron De Kalb. [Objected to by
Mr. Otis,]
194. A bill for the relief of the heirs of Captain
Samuel Ransom, an officer of the revolutionary
war, killed at the battle of Wyoming. [Objected
to by Mr. Jones.]
195. A bill for the.relief of the heirs of Joseph
Savage. [Objected to by Mr. Millson.] (
196. A bill for the relief of Stephen Colwell, of
the city of Philadelphia, administrator with the
will annexed of William T. Smith, deceased, late
of said city, merchant, in behalf of the distributees
to said estate. [Objected to by Mr. Thomas.]
197. A bill for the relief of Ezra Chapman.
[Objected to by Mr. Miuson.]
199. A bill for the relief of the heirs of Dennis
Purcell. [Objected to by Mr. Conger.]
204. A bill for the relief of B. M. Bouton,
Harriet P. Fisher, and George Wright. [Ob-
jected to by Mr. Gjddincs.]
210. A bill for the relief of-Captain Lewis
Warrington, and others. [Objected to by Mr.
Thomas.]
212. A bill for the relief of David Myerle.
[Objected to by Mr. Daniel.]
218. A bill granting a pension to Alice Mark-
land. [Objected to by Mr. Mtoaus.l
229. A bill for the relief of James W. Wilkins.
[Objected to by Mr. Thomas.]
230. A bill for the relief of Mary W. Thomp-
son. [Objected to by Mr. Dunham.]
232. A bill for the relief of Hamilton Carroll.
[Objected to by Mr. Conger.]
237. A bill for the,relief of George Armstrong.
[Objected to by Mr. Hunter.]
240. A bill for the relief of William Kilgore.
[Objected to by Mr. Hjjmter.]
241. A bill for the reli«f of Thomas Crown.
[Objected to by Mr. Hunter.]
2. A bill for the relief of John Ozias. [Ob-
jected to by Mr. Green.]
249. A resolution to pay Charles J. Ingersqll
the same per diem pay and mileage that is allowed
to members, from the commencement of the
Twenty-sixth Congress to the 15th January, 1840.
[Objected to by Mr. Hall, whp subsequently
desired to withdraw the objection, but was not
permitted.]
251. A bill to incorporate the Grand Lodge pf
the Independent Order of Odd-Fellows, of the Dis-
trict of Columbia. [Objected to by Mr. Jones.]
259. A bill for the relief of William Speiden.
[Objected to by Mr. Thomas.]
264. A bill for the relief of Rebecca Winn.
[Objected to by Mr. Thomas.]
8. A joint resolution for the relief of John Ho-
gan. [Objected to by Mr. Daniel.] _
274. A bill for the relief of Emily Stone. [Ob-
jected to by Mr. McGauchey.1
277. A bill for the relief of Maurice K. Simons.
[Objected to by Mr. Cartter.]
278. A bill for the extension of the privilege
secured by letters-patent therein mentioned to
Zebulon Parker and Austin Parker. [Objected to
by Mr. Conger.]
282. A bill for the relief of the legal represent-
atives of John H.Piatt, deceased. [Objected to.]
Mr. MORRIS moved that the committee rise,
and report the bills which had been acted upon.
Mr. WENTWORTH expressed the hope that
the committee #ould not rise until the calendar
had been gone through with.
The question was put and agreed to; and.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman of the
Committee of the Whole [Mr. Olds] reported the j
action on the several bills which had been consid-
ered.
The bills reported from the committee without
amendment were severally read the third time and ;
passed, except the following, which being object-
ed to as indicated below, lie over under the rule,
and take their place upon the Speaker's table for
future consideration:
198. A bill for the relief of the heirs at law of
Colonel David Hopkins.
213. A bill for the relief of Edmund L. DuBar-
ry. [Objected to by Mr. Thomas.]
12. Joint resolution providing for the adjust-'
ment of the accounts of John D. Colmesnil, Presi-
dent of the Ohio and Mississippi Mail Line Com-
pany. [Mr. McGaughey objected, unless an
amendment was made to the resolution fixing the
amount of money to be paid under it. He was
opposed to devolving on the accounting officers of
the Treasury the duty of fixing the amount.]
The following bills, reported from the Commit-
of the Whole with amendments, coming up in or-
der, the amendments were severally concurred
in, and the bills, after having been engrossed, were
read the third time and passed:
239. A bill for the relief of Manoah D. Robin-
son;
231. A bill for the relief of Alanson Pool;
233. A bill for the relief of Fielding G. Brown;
and
283. A bill for the relief of the administrators of
Oliver Lee, deceased.
The consideration of the other bills reported
from the Committee of the Whole with amend-
ments, being objected to, they lie over under the
rule, and take their place upon the Speaker's ta-
ble.
Senate bill, entitled " An act for the relief.ofChar-
lotteLynch,"lyinigupon the Speaker's table, came
.up in order for consideration. Upon a motion of
Mr. Marshall, to lay on the table the motion of
Mr. Johnson, of Tennessee, to reconsider the vote
by which the Committee of the Whole was dis-
charged from the further consideration of the said
bill, objection being made to its consideration to-
day, it resumes its place upon the Speaker's table.
The following engrossed bills upon the Speak-
er's table, reported from the Committee of the
Whole at the last session, coming up in order for
consideration, were severally read the third time
and passed:
182. A bill for the relief of Andrew Smith;
92. A bill for the relief of Sayles J. Bowen;
. 101. A bill for the relief of C. H. Pix;
104. A bill for the relief of Robert Davidson;
ana
Tlie bill (91) for the relief of A. Baudouin and
A. JJ. Roberts, of the city of New Orleans, com-
ing up in order on the question of its engrossment;
Mr. THOMAS objected to its consideratio'n,
i consequently it lies over, under the rule, as busi-
j "ness upon the Speaker's table.
The bill for the relief of Daniel Steenrod, having
been reported from the Committee of the Whole
with a recommendation that it do not pass, caqie
up in order for consideration; when
Mr. THOMAS, with a view ofgiving thefriends
1 of the bill an opportunity to be heard in its defence,
1 objected to its consideration to-day.*
The bill (No* 98) for the relief of William J.
Price, came up in order on the question of its en-
grossment; when,
| On motion by Mr. COBB, of Alabama, it was
I amended by striking out the following words:
" and after his death transferred by his widow and
heirs at law to the said William Price."
The bill then, according to order, having been
engrossed, was read the third time and passed.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved the reconsidera-
tion of the vote by which the several bills were
passed to-day, and to lay that motion on the ta-
ble. The latter motion was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. KERR, the committee hav-
ing charge of the subject was discharged from the
further consideration of the claim of John Bell, de-
ceased, and leave was granted to withdraw the
papers in the case.
On motion by Mr. MARSHALL, leave was
granted to withdraw from the files of the House
the papers in the case of Messrs. Fitzgerald and
others, for the purpose of presentation to the
proper Department.
On motion, the House then adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to appropriate committees:
By Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi: The petition of the
register and receiver at Augusta, Mississippi, praying for
some additional compensation.
Also, the memorial of Jesse Warren and E. Bafford, and
others, praying the establishment of a new land office at
Monticello.
Also, the memorial of James D. Caulfield and 70 others,
for a mail route from Liberty, Mississippi, to Natchez.
By Mr. LITTLliFIELD: The petition of Daniel Wins-
low, (and accompanying papers,) tor relief from a contract
I to furnish beef for the use of the United States Navy.
By Mr. CALVIN : Four petitions asking for a modifica-
tion of the tariff of 1846—one from Joseph Higgins and 20
others, citizens of Blair county, Pennsylvania; one from
Jonah Dawling, Jacob Curl, and 16 others of the same coun-
ty; one from Major Win. B. Zeigler and 11 others of
Huntingdon county, Pennsylvania; and one from General
S. Mills Green and 31 others, citizens of the same county,
i By Mr. DISNEY : Six memorials from certain citizens
of Cincinnati, asking for a removal of the impediments to
a free navigation around the falls of the Ohio.
By Mr. MANN, of Pennsylvania: The petition of Wil-
liam P. Bowling, praying compensation for services ren-
dered the Government in ship building, by hisinvention and
improvement, being a cogwing or dowilling instrument.
By Mr. JACKSON, of New York: The petition of 78
citizens of Millport, Chemung county, New York, praying
that Joseph C. Stott, postmaster at that place, and his sure-
ties, be released from the payment of a sum of money be-
longing to the Post Office Department, which was destroyed
by fire in November last.
By Mr. MOORE : The petition from citizens of Phila-
delphia, asking an amendment of the bounty land act of
September 28,1850, so as to give not less than one hundred
and sixty acres to thepersons to be benefited by said act.
By Mr. GERRY : The petition of John Edgecomb and
VVm. Davis, for the benefit of the bounty land act, passed
September 28,1850.
Also, the petition of John Edgecomb, for remuneration
for loss (if clothes and property occasioned by the voluntary
destruction of the U. S. ship Adams in 1814.
By Mr. BROOKS : The memorial of citizens of New
York for the improvement of Richmond's Island Harbor,
i adjacent to Cape Elizabeth, on the coast of Maine.
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 24, 1851.
The PRESIDENT of the Senate laid before the
body a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting, in compliance with a res-
olution of the Senate, a statement of the amount
standing to the credit of the Treasurer of the Uni-
ted States at the different depositories at the close
of the last fiscal year; which was read and ordered
to be printed.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. DICKINSON presented two' memorials
from inventors and others of the city of New York,
interested ii> patents, asking that the bill for the
amendment of the patent laws now before the
Senate may become a law; which were ordered to
lie on the table.
■ Mr. HUNTER presented the petition of'clerks
in the post office at Wheeling, in the State of Vir-
ginia, setting forth the inadequacy of their salaries,
and asking an increase of compensation, so as to
place them on an equal footing with the other offi-
cers of the Government.
Also, a memorial ftom C. Stoddart and his as-
sociates, asking that a contract may be entered into
with them to carry the mail in steamers from Nor-
folk to Gibraltar, touching at certain ports in the
Mediterranean; which was referred to the Com-
mitte on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, presented the me-
morial of John A. Dix and John As Bolles, sure-
ties of the late Paymaster, R. S. Dix, asking that
certain credits may be allowed in the settlement of
the accounts of said Dix; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SHIELDS presented resolutions of the
Legislature of the State of Illinois, in favor of the
establishment of a mail route from New Harmony,
Indiana, to Chester, in Illinois; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SEWARDpresented a memorial frompub-
lishers of periodicals in the city of New York,
asking a reduction of postage on the same; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post,Office
and Post Roads.
Also, a petition from citizens of Yates county,
New York, asking that newspapers may be ex-
empted from postage within thirty miles of the place
of publication; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, presented a memorial from inventors and
others interested in patents, asking that "the bill
now before Congress for the amendment of the
