1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
325
Carr. It was read a second time, and considered ] i
by the Senate as in Committee of the Whole, l'
"This bill had been reported from the Committee !
on Pensions. It proposes to authorize and require
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay, out of any ,
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropria-
ted, to Elizabeth Jones and the other children, if
any, of John Carr, who was a revolutionary pen-
sioner, the amount of pension ascertained to nave
been due to the said John Carr at his death; the
amount so to be paid to be computed at the rate of
$8 per month from the 18th of May, 1818, to the j
7th of June, 1831.
The report of the committee states that favor- i
able reports had been made on this claim in 1846 i
and 1848, which the committee adopted as their j
own. The report made in 1846 narrated the facts
of the case. From that report it appears that the r
object of the bill is to allow to the children of John
Carr an amount of pension which they allege was
erroneously withheld from their father from some
time in 1818, when his application was rejected,
until J une 1831, when lie was placed on the pen-
sion roll. John Carr, as appears from the evi-
dence, applied for apension under the act of March,
1818, and his application was in the form prescribed
by the act, and he would have been allowed a pen-
sion had it not been for a decision of the Commis-
sioner of Pensions that the regiment in which he !
served—Colonel Gibson's regiment—was not a
continental regiment, and was not therefore em-
braced in the act of March, 1818, which act applied
only to the continental establishment. Subsequent
events show that this decision was erroneous. Al-
though originally Colonel Gibson's regiment was
a State regiment, yet it was, by an act of the Vir-
ginia Assembly, transferred from the State service
to the continental establishment, as a substitute for
the ninth Virginia continental regiment, which had j
been annihilated at the battle of Germantown. j
Pensions have been allowed, since 1830, to officers
and soldiers who served in Gibson's regiment. A
pension was allowed to John Carr in 1831 for the
same service for which he claimed one in 1818.
The committee therefore think that he had a good
legal right to a pension from 1818 to 1831, and that
he or his children ought not to be deprived of it in
consequence of the erroneous decision of the Com- |
missioner of Pensions.
No amendment having been proposed, the bill
was reported to the Senate without amendment,
and ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
THOMPSON HUTCHISON PENSION BILL.
The Senate next proceeded to consider the bill
for the relief of Thompson Hutchison.
The bill was read a second time and considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
It had been reported from the Committee on Pen-
sions. Itproposesto authorize andrequire theSec-
retary of the Treasury to pay to Thompson Hutch- \
ison,"son of Thomas Hutchison, who was late a
revolutionary pensioner of the United States, and
who was in error stricken off the pension roll in
1818, the amount of pension which would have
been due him at his death in February, 1835, if
he had not been erroneously deprived of it—the 1
amount to be paid to be computed from the 24th
of July, 1818, the date of his pension certificate, 1
to February 1, 1835, at the rate of §8 per month
for that time.
The facts detailed in the report of the committee
are similar to those narrated in the report of the
committee in the previous case—Hutchison having
belonged to the same regiment with Carr, and
having been dropped from the pension roll for the
same reason for which Carr was refused a pen-
sion.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
ELIZABETH MONROE PENSION BILL.
The Senate next proceeded to consider the bill
granting a pension to Elizabeth Monroe.
The bill was read a second time and considered
by the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to grant to Elizabeth Monroe, wid-
ow of Thomas J. C. Monroe, late of the Army
of the United States, for five years, to commence
from the 1st day of January, 1848, a pension,
payable semi-annually, equal to one half the pay-
ment which her late husband was entitled to at the
time of his death.
The report of the committee states th*t this pen-
sion was proposed to be granted to Elizabeth Mon-
roe in consequence of the arduous duties of her
husband, who, from exposure while in the service
of his country, contracted a disease which result-
ed in his death.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and the question was on ordering it
to be engrossed for a third reading.
• Mr. WHITCOMB. I rise merely to say that
I hope the bill will not be engrossed and read h
third time. I am strongly impressed with the
conviction that it ought not to pass. And I wish
to call the attention of the thin Senate which we
have to the rapid passage of these numerous pri-
vate bills, which ought to undergo more scrutiny.
Mr. HALE. I see that the chairman of the
Committee on Pensions, [Mr. Jones,] who report-
ed this bill, is not in his seat. I hope the vote will
not be taken on it until he is here, as he reported
the bill with the concurrence of the committee. I
therefore move to lay the bill on the table for the
present.
The motion was agreed to.
REPRESENTATIVES OF JOSEPH WATSON.
The Senate next proceeded to consider the bill
for the relief of the representatives of Joseph
Watson.
The bill was read a second time, and the Senate
proceeded to consider it as in Committee of the
Whole.
The bill proposes to authorize and direct the
Solicitor of the Treasury to cause to be executed,
on the part of the United States, a full release and J
acquittance of the claim of the United States
against Joseph Watson, as one of the sureties of j
Henry Ash ton, late marshal of the District of Co- |
lumbia; and provides that the property in the Dis- i
trict, held in trust for the payment of that claim, I
be conveyed to his legal representatives free and I
discharged from such incumbrance. !
Mr. WHITCOMB called for the reading of the
report of the Committee on Indian Affairs; which
had reported this bill.
The report was read, from which it appears that
the services for which compensation is proposed
to be given, were rendered for the Territory of
Michigan, and with the sanction of the head of the
territorial government of Michigan. These ser-
j vices were rendered within a period of six years,
extending from 1806 to 1812, during which time
I Joseph Watson performed, when required to do so,
: the duties of Superintendent of Indian Affairs, and
storekeeper, for which he received no remunera-
tion. The committee, in view of all the facts,
J deemed it proper to offset the claim for compensa-
tion for these services against an outstanding lia-
bility on the part of Joseph Watson, as one of the
securities of Henry Ashton, late marshal of the
District of Columbia. It appears that this claim
of the United States was secured to the satisfac-
tion of the Government, and that the debt so se-
I cured amounted to $1,375, for which a deed of
trust on real estate in this city was executed.
There remains in the Treasury $1,050 of an unex-
pended balance of appropriations for the contingent
expenses of the Territory of Michigan, made for
the years 1806,-7,-8,-9,-10,-11, ana 1812. The
committee think that, under all the circumstances
of the case, one claim should be offset against
the other, and the property held in trust by the
United States for the payment of their claim should
be released for the .benefit of the representatives of
Joseph Watson.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
, amendment.
Mr. WHITCOMB. I should like to hear the
gentleman who reported this bill give a brief ex-
planation of it, for I presume very few Senators
paid attention to the reading of the report.
Mr. RUSK. The circumstances of the case are
fully detailed in the report. It seems that this in-
dividual discharged certain duties in the Territory
' of Michigan—and the evidence is full and conclu-
sive that he discharged them most faithfully—for
| which he received no compensation. After a care-
ful examination of the subject, which required con-
i siderable time, it was ascertained that there was
an unexpended appropriation for the purpose of
,■ paying the expenses of the department in which
, he was engaged, and in which he had performed
these extra services without compensation, of up-
wards of a thousand dollars. This created upon
I my mind a reasonable presumption at least, that
it was the intention of Congress to provide at the
time for the payment of these services. The tes-
timony was full and conclusive that they were
necessary; that they were important services, and,
in fact, were entitled to a much larger amount than
that which is reported for the relief of the claimant
in this bill.
After the time that he performed these services,
he became, as is stated in the report, the security
of the marshal of this District as an act of gener-
osity. Shortly after that event, the marshal be-
came insolvent, and suits were instituted against
his sureties. By an arrangement with the Treas-
ury Department, the heirs of Joseph Watson be-
came responsible for the amount of $1,300. For
that liability they executed to the United States a
deed of trust on all the property they possesse'd.
The most of them are females. When the time
arrived a suit was brought against them for the
purpose of enforcing this claim of the United States.
The late Secretary of the Treasury, and the pres-
ent Secretary also, seeing that there was a strong
equity in favor of the claims of these heirs, sus-
pended the collection of the amount. And now,
under the circumstances, it is for Congress to say
whether they will execute this deed of trust by
selling the last article of property of the heirs of
Joseph Watson, and turning them out without
house or home, when it does appear that he ren-
dered services of an important character to the Gov-
ernment of the United States for which he was
never compensated.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
THOMAS RHODES.
j The Senate next proceeded to consider the bill
for the relief of Thomas Rhodes.
The bill was read a second time and considered
by the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to authorize and direct the Secretary
! of the Treasury to pay the sum of $3,175 11 to
■ Thomas Rhodes, in full satisfaction for the expen-
ses incurred 'by him in opening and constructing
a road from Mobile to Pascagoula Bay, for the
transportation of the mail in the year 1828, in pur-
suance of an implied authority and contract from
the Postmaster General.
Mr. WALKER called for the reading of the re-
port.
The report was read. It appears that in 1828 a
resolution was passed authorizing the Postmaster
General to cause to be examined a route from
Mobile to Pascagoula, and if, in his opinion, it
should be the most expedient route to the city of
New Orleans, it vested him with full power and
authority to adopt that route in lieu of the one
then in use. In pursuance of that authority the
Postmaster General, on the 1st of August, ]828,
wrote to the postmasters at New Orleans and Mo-
bile, requesting them to examine that route and
report to him whether in their opinion its estab-
lishment as a mail route would advance the public
convenience. An examination of that route was
made by those postmasters, and a report made
and forwarded to the Department before the 28th
of October, 1828. On that day the Postmaster
General acknowledged the receipt of that report,
and informed the postmaster at New Orleans, as
he subsequently did the postmaster at Mobile,
that the joint report met his entire approbation.
It being understood that the Postmaster General
wished to contract for conveying the mail from
Mobile to New Orleans, Rhodes, for himself and
partner, offered to transport the mail to and from
Pascagoula Bay three times a week each way for
#14,000 a year, but added that the road must be
made by the United States, or at its expense; and
that he would make a road suitable for stages for
$4,000, and keep it in repair for four years, the
term of the proposed contract. The Post Office
Department accepted the contract, but said noth-
ing about the latter part. Yet Rhodes and his
! partner made the road; but failing to carry the
mail according to the contmct, the contract was
I taken from them after they had transported the
! mail for four months and a half. For transport-
ing the mail this length of time they received
$4,928 98, being #324 98 more than they were en-
titled to receive under the contract. The partner
of Rhodes soon after failed and left the country,
and the responsibility of the concern was thrown
upon him. He then made a claim on the Depart-
ment for the expenditure he had incurred in opeu-
i ng the road to Pascagoula Bay. The Postmaster
