326
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan 24,
General declined to pay it, but referred the party !
to Congress.
The committee think that, under all the circum-
stances, the claimant ought to be reimbursed the
amount which he expended in opening this road,
being $3,500. From this amount they deduct the
98, which he was overpaid, and recommend
that $3,175 11 be paid to Rhodes.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
NATHANIEL CHAMP.
The Senate next proceeded to consider the bill
for the relief of Nathaniel Champ and others.
The bill was read a second time, and the Senate
proceeded to consider it as in Committee of the
Whole.
It proposes to authorize and require the Secre-
tary of the Interior to issue a duplicate bounty
land warrant to Nathaniel Champ, son of John
Champ, who was a revolutionary soldier, in lieu
of the original one, No. 948.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
REPRESENTATIVES OF JOSHUA KENNEDY.
The Senate next proceeded to consider the bill
for the relief of the legal representatives of Joshua
Kennedy, deceased.
The bill was read a second time, and was con-
sidered by the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole.
It proposes that the Secretary of the Treasury
pay to the legal representatives of Joshua Ken-
nedy, deceased, the sum of $6,500,in full compen-
sation for the destruction of his property by the
Creek Indians in the year 1813.
Mr. BRADBURY called for the reading of the
report of the Committee on Indian Affairs, which
reported this bill.
The report was read. The claimant owned a
mill and other property, which was destroyed du-
ring the Creek war in 1813. The committee con-
sidered that the circumstances of the case brought
the party clearly within the spirit, if not the letter,
of the act of 1816 and the supplementary act of
1817, which provided that the United States should
pay for the property which was destroyed, if the
occupation of it by the troops of the United States
be the cause of the destruction. This building
was converted into a temporary fort by an officer I
of the Government, and as such became a point of
assault by the Indians, after their successful at-
tack on Fort Mims. After the troops retired, the
Indians destroyed the building. The committee
tEink the bill ought to pass.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I would prefer that that
bill should lie on the table, and for reasons which
I will very brifly assign to the Senate. The Com-
mittee of Claims have a large class of cases before
them which fall within the operation of theprinci-
fle upon which this bill is to be passed or rejected.
low far Congress will go—how far the committee
will go with reference to these claims, is a matter
that deserves very serious consideration, because
hundreds of thousands of dollars depend upon the
£rinciple involved, and I would like very much to
live that matter settled, and settled upon proper
deliberation. I have heard but part of the report
read in this case; I was unable to hear the whole
of it. Therefore, inasmuch as there are various
subjects depending on the same principle, I think
the matter had better lie on the table until the com-
mittee shall have acted upon the whole subject,
and disposed of them all on some general principle.
I therefore move that the bill lie upon the table
for the present.
Mr. RUSK. I hope the motion will be with-
drawn for a moment.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I will withdraw it.
Mr. RUSK. A brief explanation of this mat-
ter will, I trust, satisfy the Senator from Ken-
tucky. This is an Old claim, which has been
prosecuted here by the heirs of the party. It
comes clearly within the provisions of the law of
1816. A law was then passed declaring that prop-
erty which was destroyed in consequence of being
occupied by troops of the United States should be
paid for by the Government. Under the provis-
ions of that law, hundreds of thousands of dollars
have been paid out of the Treasury. The law,
however, was limited to a certain number of years ;
! for its operation. In this case application was |
; made within the time allowed, but too late for the :
1 officers of the Treasury to act upon it. By the
law of 1816 thousands of dollars nave been paid
for property destroyed in the same neighborhood
with this. My recollection of the case is, as I be-
lieve it is stated in the report, that application was
I made during the time wnich the law allowed, but
before the officers of the Treasury had time to ex-
amine and decide upon the case, the time allowed
by law expired. It would seem to be right that
the case should not suffir on account of an acci-
dent which was no fault of the party entitled to
relief. Although a great deal of property was de-
stroyed in the immediate neighborhood of these
mills, in the report we confine ourselves strictly to
the provisions of the law of 1816. The petition-
ers claim for all the property destroyed, but the
bill only allows them for property which was de-
stroyed of wliich the United States had previous
possession, and which was destroyed in conse-
quence of their possession.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The act of 1816 re-
quires that the property destroyed shall, at the
time of its destruction, be occupied by troops of
the United States as barracks, or occupied by the
United States as a deposite for military stores. It
is not sufficient, according to that act, and the
amendatory act of 1817, that the property had
been once occupied and afterwards abandoned, and
1 then destroyed. These acts require the immedi-
ate, continued occupation and possession of the
property at the time, and then that the destruction
should have been the consequence of such posses-
sion. This matter has been examined and re-
examined, and thought over and over by the Com-
mittee of Claims. It has been discussed in that
committee time and again, but the committee as
j yet have not been able to come to any direct and
| positive conclusion as to how far this principle of
paying for property destroyed should be extended.
I do not understand from that part of the report
which I heard read that this property was pos-
sessed at the time of its destruction by the. troops
or by the United States for military purposes.
If it was not so possessed, the case does not fall
I within the principle of the acts of 1816 or 1817.
It is exactly one of that class of cases which re-
quires that we shall settle some principle that will
be applicable to them all, before we act upon any
one of them. I will state that I have written a
■ very lengthy report, which was handed in to the
committee at their sitting prior to the last, upon
this principle, in which I nave gone into the con-
1 struction of the acts of 1816 and 1817. Although
it does not become me to say that it was a very
I conclusive report, I think there are some pretty
II strong points in it, which are worthy of consider-
j ation. But if it is to be overruled, I would rather 1
have it overruled by the committee, and by the |
Senate, before we set an example in any one case i
which might come up as a precedent to sanction !
cases which will draw hundreds of thousands of
dollars out of the Treasury.
I admit I have not looked particularly into the
; facts of this case. If my friend from Texas is not
mistaken; if the case is embraced within the acts
. of 1816and 1817, the property ought to be paid
i for. But from the report, I doubt whether the
facts will justify the position which my friend as-
sumes. And, therefore, to allow me to look into
the matter, as it involves a very important princi-
• pie, I ask him to let it lie on the table.
Mr. RUSK. I have no objection.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Then I move that the
bill be laid on the table.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Will the Senator
withdraw his motion for a moment?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The rule by
. whiah we should be governed is, that we should
pay for property which was destroyed in conse-
quence of its possession by the United States.
The destruction should not be the possible, but the
direct, palpable consequence of the possession. If
we go beyond that, there is no limit to which we
may not go in paying for private property under
sucn claims as will arise. I have not examined
the papers in this case, burt listened to the read-
ing of the report. I learned, too, from the Sena-
tor who made the report, that this was a mill
known as Pearce's mill, about three miles from
Fort Mims. If so, the conclusion announced in
j the report is not sustained by the history of the
transaction. The Senator has told me that the re-
port rests on the papers in the case. I make no
charge against the witnesses, or reflection on the
fairness of the report, but I speak of the fact as
a historical one. A snialt body of troops, fifteen
I think in number, under the command of an en-
sign, were sent to hold that mill and prevent its
destruction by the Indians. After Fort Minis fell,
this mill became a place of refuge for those who
escaped from the massacre—mainly, I believe, con-
sisting of such as were accidently out of the fort
at the time of the attack. It was maintained
against the Indians before and after the fall of Fort
Mims, by expedients to prevent its being fired,
and by stopping the dam so as to raise the water
above the land; thus the Indians were compelled,
if they approached it from the upper side, to
come round by a narrow path where they would
be exposed to Are during their advance, and if on
the lower side, to the flood of water which would
be turned upon them. This little detachment of
troops held the mill by such preparations until
they got all the stragglers from the neighborhood
of the fort, and then, owing to the isolation of their
situation, it being useless to remain longer where
they could not do more than defend themselves,
and where they could not obtain supplies, they
left the outpost, with the helpless women and chil-
dren who had sought their protection, and went to
the nearest station. They defended it most credit-
ably to their skill and gallantry, and held it as long
as they could, consistenly with higher objects and
more important duties. It was destroyed, but
this was not the fault of the Government. It was
not destroyed in consequence of its occupation by
the troops, but its destruction was thus delayed.
It would probably have been destroyed sooner had
they not protected it from the enemy. This sure-
ly cannot be said to come within the meaning of
the law, unless it be shown that the .destruction
was the consequence of the occupation, which is
not attempted; but, on the other hand, it is at-
tributed to the evacuation of the post. This is an
admission that the destruction was delayed by the
fact of its possession by the troops. These are
the facts in relation to this case, as I recollect them,
and they were once familiar history to me. Such,
too, I doubt not may be the condition of many
other claims for indemnity on account of losses
by Indian depredations, and I am glad that the
Senator from Kentucky is engaged in the applica-
tion of a general rule for their decision.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The statement of the
gentleman from Mississippi brines up fairly and
fully all the principles which we nave under dis-
! cussion, now before the Committee of Claims,
j According to his statement this property was not,
' at the time of its destruction, in the actual occu-
; pancy of the troops, though it had been occupied
1 by them prior to its destruction. Now, if we are
to pay, under such circumstances, it will, in my
judgment, amount to a general guarantee on the
part of the United States to pay for all property
whose destruction can be attributed to a declara-
tion of war. It will make the Government guar-
anty to a citizen a remuneration for all the losses
which may be brought upon him in consequence
of a state of actual war. This is a principle which
goes far beyond any that has ever been established
by this Government, or by any civilized Govern-
ment on the face of the earth, so far as my in-
formation extends. This is a principle which we
must settle one way or the other, it seems to me,
before we "can properly dispose of a vast variety
of cases that are presented for the consideration of
Congress, and demanding compensation at our
hands. I shall not go into the argument of the
matter. 1 think, in consideration of these facts,
that it would be better for the bill to be laid on the
table until this principle can be settled. I there-
fore move that the bill be laid on the table.
Mr. RUSK. Will the Senator withdraw his
motion for a moment?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Certainly.
Mr. RUSK. I will not take the trouble to read
any of the affidavits which accompany this appli-
cation, but they sustain precisely what is said in
the report.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I take that for
granted.
Mr. RUSK. I will simply read an extract from
a letter from George S. Gaines, a citizen of Ala-
bama, dated Washington, February 20,1845. He
says:
