1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
327
" St. Stephen^, you know, u about thirty-fire miles from
Fort Minos; and it is but reasonable to suppose, from my
position and connection with the army engaged in the de- \
fence of that frontier, that I should be able to answer all
your inquiries. But such is not the fact, at least from my !
ourn knowledge. The burning of the mills by the hostile !
Creeks, I have always understood, was believed to be in !
consequcuce of their hiving been occupied as a military (
post.
"The massacre at Port Mims occasioned the sudden
evacuation of the entire settlement of Tensas; and I do ,
not believe that any families returned to it for some months '
afterwards.
" There can be no doubt that Governor Blount, in his
letterofthe 15th December, 1813, referred to the Tensas set-
tlement in speaking of the destruction of the settlement on
the Mobile river."
The affidavits all tend to show the same fact.
Mr. HALE. I renew the motion that the bill
be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was laid
on the table.
RECESS.
Mr. H ALE. I rise to make a motion, which '
1 hope will meet with the unanimous consent of
the Senate. I move that when the Senate adjourns 1
to-day, it be to meet on Monday next.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I hope the motion will not
prevail. I hope we shall be allowed to-morrow to
•dispose of the territorial business on the calendar. ,
Sir, BADGER. I hope that upon that motion
we shall be indulged with the yeas and nays, that
our frieivls who are not disposed to do the busi-
ness of the Senate may show their hands. I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and the ques-
tion being taken, resulted as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Berrien, Cooper, Davis of Mississippi,
Dickinson, Ewing, Hale, Mangum, Morton, Norris, Rusk,
and Yulee—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Benton, Borland,
Bradbury, Chase, Clarke, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of
Iowa, Douglas, Downs, Foote, Greene, Gwin, Jones,
King, Miller, Seward, |Shields, Smith, Soul6, Spruance,
Sturgeon, Tumey, Underwood, Wales, Walker,Whitcomb, '
and Winthrop—29. ;
So the motion was not agreed to. |!
Mr. BADGER. I move that the Senate do |!
now adjourn.
Mr. HALE. I call for the yeas and nays on i
that motion, that those " who are not disposed to 1!
do the business of the Senate may show their
hands." [Laughter.]
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to adjourn was agreed to,- and the :
Senate adjourned. '
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 25, 1851.
The HousemetattweIveo'clock,m. The Jour-
nal of yesterday was read and approved.
CHARLOTTE LYNCH. '
Mr. MARSHALL hoped the House would in-
dulge him by taking up the privileged question
arising upon the bill for the relief of Cnarlotte
Lynch.
The SPEAKER said, the first business in order
is the consideration of the bill for the relief of
Charlotte Lynch; and the pending question is on
a motion to lay upon the table the motion to re- ,
consider the vote by which the House was dis-
chargedfrom the further consideration of this bill; ]
and upon that question the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the rules of the House
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union"on the special order—the deficiency bill. i
On taking this question the yeas and nays were
demanded, out not ordered.
A division being taken, only 45 appeared in the '
affirmative; and, a further count not being insisted
upon, the House refused to resolve itself into >
Committee of the Whole on the special order.
The question recurred on the motion to lay the !
motion to reconsider on the table. j
Mr. FOWLER inquired what would be the '
effect if the motion to lay the motion on the table,
by which the House discharged the Committee of
the Whole from the further consideration of the ;
case'of Charlotte Lynch, were agreed to?
The SPEAKER stated, that if that motion was
laid on the table, the bill for the relief of Charlotte
Lynch would be before the House for its action.
The yeas and nays were then taken, and there
appeared—yeas£5, nays 72; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Alston, Ashe, Ashmun, Bell, Bo-
kee, Booth, Bowdou, Borne, Brings, Brisbin, Albert G.
Brown, Buel, Bollard, Butler, E. t\ Cabell, Joseph Cable,
Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell, Casey, Chandler, ]
Clingman.Corwin,Crowell, Deberry, Dickey, Dixon,Doty,
Duncan, Featherston, Freedley, Goodenow, Gott, Gould,
Hampton, Haralson,Sampson W. Harris, Ilaymond, Henry, l
Inge, Joseph W. Jackson, William T. Jackson, Robert \V.
Johnson, Julian, George G. King, James G. King, John A.
King, Levin, Marshall, Matteson, McKissock, Finis E.
McLean, Meacham, Meade, Daniel F. Miller, Moore,
Morse, Morton, Nelson, Newell, Ogle, Olds, Outlaw,
Penn, Phcanix, Pitman, Potter, Powell, Putnam, Reed,
Risley,Robinson, Rockwell,Rose, Sackett, Schenck, Sed- ;
don, Spaulding, Sprague, F. P. Stanton, R. H. Stanton,
Taylor, James Thompson, Thurman, Underhill, Venable, ,
Vinton, Walden, Walking, Wellborn, Wentworth, White,
and Williams—95.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Anderson, Bayly,
Beale, Bingham, Bocock, Bowlin, Boyd, Breck, William
J. Brown, Burt, George A. Caldwell, Clarke, W. R. W.
Cobb, Cole, Conger Daniel, Dunham, Edmundson, Eliot, ,
Nathan Evans, Fitch, Fowler, Gerry, Giddings, Gorman,
Green, Hall, Hamilton, Harlan, I. G. Harris, Thomas L. {
Harris, Hebard, Hoagland, Holladay, Howe, Hunter, An- ]
drew Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, LeSler, Littlefield, Job .
Mann, Mason, McDowell, McDonald, McGaughey, Robert
M. McLane, McMullen, McQueen, Millson, Morris, Orr,
Parker, Peadee, Peck, Reynolds, Richardson, Rumsey, j
Savage, Sawtelle, Silvester, Strong, Thomas, Jacob i
Thompson, John B. Thompson, Wallace, Whittlesey,
Wildrick, Woodward, and Young—72.
Mr. HOUSTON, who was not within the bar
when his name was called, asked permission to
record his vote.
Objection was made, and his vote was not re-
corded.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
The question recurred on ordering the bill to be
read a third time; on which question
Mr. MARSHALL demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon sec-
onding the demand for the previous question.
Mr. MARSHALL. I will withdraw the pre-
vious question for a moment, for the purpose of
proposing an amendment to the bill, with a view
to prevent what seems to be an impression Upon
the minds of many members, (though I confess
such an idea has never occurred to me,) that interest
is also to be allowed. My amendment is to add
to the bill the words, " without interest." I have
no idea myself that the bill carries interest; but I
am willing that the bill should be so worded as
to prevent any such misconception. With the
general consent of the House,! will amend the
bill by adding the words, "without interest." I
move this amendment, and call for the previous
question.
Mr. BOWLIN suggested that the words 11 any
law to the contrary notwithstanding" be also
added.
Tellers were called for and ordered on second-
ingthe demand for the previous question.
The question being taken by tellers (Messrs.
Johnson, of Tennessee, and Marshall acting)
was decided in the affirmative—ayes 85, noes 69.
So the previous question received a second.
The question recurred on ordering the main
question.
Mr. MILLSON said, that although the amount
was small, yet there was a very important princi-
ple involved in this bill, and h'e would therefore
call for the yeas and nays on ordering the main
question.
Mr. McDONALD moved to lay the bill upon
the table, and asked for the yeas and nays on that
motion.
Mr. MARSHALL. Let that be the test ques-
tion.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, moved that the
rules be suspended, and the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the special order—the deficiency bill. —
The question being taken, the motion was not
agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion to lay the
bill upon the table.
Mr. HALL moved that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the private cal-
endar.
Mr. MORRIS called for the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered on taking the question by
yeas and nays, and the question being taken by
tellers, (Messrs. McMullen and Bkiggs acting,)
there were found to be forty in the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered on the mo-
tion that the House resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole on the private calendar.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union on the
special order.
Mr JONES called for the yeas and nays on this
motion, which were ordered; and, being taken,
were—yeas 71, nays 115; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Anderson, Avor-
ett, Bayly, Bingham, Bocock, Bowlin, Boyd, Breck, Bris-
bin, William J. Brown, Billiard, Burt, George A. Caldwell,
Cartter, Clarke, Williamson R.W.Cobb, Colcock, Cole,
Conger, Disney, Dunham, Fitch, Fowler, Fuller, Gerry,
Gorman, Green, Hall, Hamilton, Harlan, IshamG. Harris,
Thomas L. Harris, Ilaymond, Hebard, Hibbard, Hoagland,
Holladay, Howard, Howe, Andrew Johnson, Jones, Kauf-
man, Leffler, Littlefield, JobMann, McDonald, McDowell,
McGaughey, McMullen, McQueen, Millson, Morris, Olds,
Orr, Parker, Peaslee, Peck, Reynolds, Rumsey, Savage,
Shepperd, Stetson, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Waldo,
Watkins, Whittlesey, Wildrick, and Young—71.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Alston, Asjie, Ashmun, Beale,
Bell, Bennett, Bokee, Bowdou, Bowief Briggs, Albert G.
Brown, Buel, Burrows, Butler, E. Carrington Cabell, Jo-
seph P. Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell, Casey, Chandler,
Clingman, Corwin, Crowell, Daniel, Debemr, Dickey, Dix-
on, Doty, Duncan, Edmundsou, Eliot, Nathan Evans,
Featherston, Freedley, Giddings, Goodenow, Gott, Gould,
Grinnell, Hampton; Haralson, Sampson W. Harris, Henry,
Houston, Hunter, Inge, Joseph W. Jackson, William T.
Jackson, Julian, Kerr, James G. King, George G. King,
John A. King, La Sere, Levin, Horace Mann, Marshall,
Mason, Matteson,McKissock, Robert M. McLane, Finis E.
McLean, McWillie, Meacham, Meade, Daniel F.Miller,
Moore, Morehead, Morse, Morton, Nelson, Newell, Ogle,
Outlaw, Penn, Phoenix, Pitman, Potter, Powell, Putnam,
Reed, Richardson, Risley, Robbins, Robinson, Rockwell,
Rose, Ross, Sackett, Sawtelle, Schenck, Seddon, Silvester,
Spaulding, Sprague, Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard
H. Stanton, Strong, Taylor, James Thompson, John B.
Thompson, Thurman, Tuck, Underhill, Venable, Vinton,
Walden, Wallace, Wellborn, Wentworth, White, Wil-
liams, and Woodward—115.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The question then recurred on Mr. Hall's mo-
tion that the House resolve itself into Committee
of the'MJhole on the private calendar; and, being
taken by yeas and nays, the result was—yeas @3,
nays 94—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Allen, Anderson,
Averett, Beale, Bell, Bingham, Booth, Boyd, Breck, W. J.
Brown, Burt, George Alfred Caldwell, Clarke, W. R. W.
Cobb, Colcock, Cole, Conger, Daniel, Danner, Disney,
Dunham, Eliot, Nathan Evans, Fowler, Fuller, Gerry,
Gorman, Green, Hall, Hamilton, Harlan, Isham G. Harris,
Thomas L. Harris, Hebard, Hoagland, Holladay, Howard,
Howe, Hunter, Andrew Johnson, R. W. Johnson, Jones,
Kaufman, La S&re, Leffler, Littlefield, Job Mann, Mason,
McDowell, McMullen, McQueen, McWillie, Millson, Mor-
ris, Morse, Nelson, Newell, Olds, Orr, Parker, Peaslee,
Peck, Penn, Richardson, Robbins, Ross, Rumsey, Savage,
Sawtelle, Shepperd, Stamp, Thomas, Jacob Thompson,
Walden, Waldo, WallaceJPVatkins, Whittlesey, Wildrick,
Williams, and Young—83.
NAYS—Messrs. Alston, Bayly, Bennett, Bokee, Bow-
don, Bowie, Bowlin, Briggs, Albert G. Brawn, Buel, Bur-
rows, Butler, E. C. Cabell, Joseph P. Caldwell, sCalvin,
Campbell, Cartter, Casey, Chandler, Clingman, Corwin,
Crowell, Dickey, Dixon, Doty, Duncan, Edmundson,
Fitch, Freedley, Giddings, Goodenow, Gott, Gould, Grin-
neil, Hampton. Haralson, Sampson W. Harris, Henry,
Hibbard, Hilliard, Houston, Inge, Joseph W. Jackson, W.
T. Jackson, Julian, Kerr, GeonteG. King, James G. King,
J. A. King, Horace Mann, Marshall, Matteson, McKissock,
R. M. McLane, Meacham, Meade, Daniel F. Miller, Moore,
Morehead, Morton, Ogle, Otis, Outlaw, Phmnix, PiQnan,
Potter, Powell, Putnam, Reed, Risley, Rockwell, Jlnae,
Sackett, Schenck, Seddon, Silvester, Spaulding, Sprague,
Stanly, A. H. Stephens, Taylor, James Thompson, John
B. Thompson, Thurman, Toombs, Underhill, Van Dyke,
Venable, Vinton, Wellborn, Wentworth, White, Wood-
ward, and Wright—94.' •
So the motion was not agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion to lay th«
bill upon the table, and on that question the yeas
and nays had been demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being
taken were—yeas 70, nays 101; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Averett, Bayly,
Beale, Bingham, Bocock, Booth, Bowlin, Boyd, William
J. Brown, Burt, George A. Caldwell, Cartter, Clarke, W.
R. W. Cobb, Cole, Conger, Daniel, Dunham, Edmundson,
Eliot, Nathan Evans, Fitch, Fowler, Fuller, Gerry, Gor-
man, Green, Hall, Hamilton, Isham G. Harris, Thomas L.
Harris, Hibbard, Holladay, Howe, Hunter, Andrew John-
son, Jones, Julian, Leffler, Littlefield, Job Mann, McDon-
ald^ McDowell, McGaughey, Robert M. McLane, McMuI-
lea, McQueen, Millson, Morris, Morton, Orr, Parker,
Peaslee, Peck. Reynolds, Ross, Rumsey, Savage, Sawtelle,
Shepperd, Silvester, Stetson, Thomas, Jacob Thompson,
Wallace, Whittlesey, Wildrick, and Youn^—70.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Alston, Andrews, Ashmun,
Bell, Bennett, Bokee, Bowdon, Bowie, Briggs, Brisbin,
Brooks, Albert G. Brown, Buel, Burrows, Butter, E. C.
Cabell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell, Casey,
Chandler, Clingman, Colcock, Corwin, Crowell, Debeiry,
Dickey, Dixon, Doty, Duncan, Freedley, Goodenow, Gott,
Gould, Grinnell, Hampton, Haymond, Hebard, Henry, Hil-
liard, Hoagland, Houston, Howard, Inge, Joseph W. Jack-
son, W. T. Jackson, J. L. Johnson, R. W. Johnson, Kerr,
George G. King, J. 6. King, J. A. King, La Sire, Levin,
Horace Mann, Marshall, Matteson, McKissock, Finis E.
McLean, McWillie, Meacham, Meade, Daniel F. Miller,
Moore, Morehead, Morse, Nelson, Newell, Ogle, Outlaw,
