328
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Penn, Phcrnii, Pitman, Potter, Powell, Putnam, Reed.Ris-
h-v, Rockwell, Row, Saokett. Scheiick, Seddon, £ipaul-
ding, Sprague, .V. H. Stephens, Taylor, James Thompson,
John B. ThoaniMun, Thiinnan, 1'nderliill, Van tK'ke, Ven-
able, \'inton, Walden. Watkiiis. Wellborn, Wentwortli,
White, Williams, Woodwaul, and Wright—lot.
So the motion to lay the bill upon the table was
not agreed to.
The question recurred on ordering the main
question to be now put, and on that question the
yens and nays had been demanded.
The yeas "and nays were not ordered.
The question now being, " Shall the main ques-
tion be now putIt was taken and earned in
the affirmative.
The main question was first on agreeing to
Mr. Marshall's amendment, to add at the end
of the bill the words "without interest."
Mr. STRONG called for the reading of the bill
as •; would be as amended.
The bill was read, as follows:
Be it enacted* i\\. That out of any money in thTreas-
ury not otherwise appropriated there shall be allowed and
paid to Charlotte Lynch, only surviving child of Lieutenant
Colonel Ebenexer Gray, of the sixth regiment of the Con-
necticut Line, who served in the Artny of the Revolution
from the openine of the war to its close, as an equivalent
for the kw rastained by him, by the substitution of the
commutation certificates issued iu 1783 for thehalf pay for
life, to which he was eiftitled under the resolution of Con-
gress of 1780. five years full pay, witkout interest.
The question being taken on the amendment, it
was agreed to, and the bill was ordered to a third
reading.
The bill was then read the third time, and the
question now being, " Shall the bill pass?"
Mr. CLINGMAN moved the previous ques-
tion; which was seconded, and the main question
ordered, viz: "Shall the bill pass?"
Mr. JONES called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered, and being taken, resulted—
yeas 91, nays 80—as follows: •
YEAS—Messrs. Alston, Andrews, Ashmun, Bell, Ben-
nett, Bokee, Bowdon, Bowie, Briggs, Brisbin, Brooks,
Albert G. Brown. Buel, Buitowh, E. C. Cabell, Joseph P-
Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell, Casey, Chandler, Clingmau,
Corwin, Crowell, Dcberry, JJickey, Disney, Diron, Doty,
Duncan, Featherston, Freedley, Gilmore.Goodenow, Gott,
Gould, Grinnell, Hampton, Henry, Milliard, Houston,
Howard, Joseph IV. Jackson, William T. Jackson, James
L. Johnson, Kerr, George G. King, James G. King, John
A. King, La Sere, Levin, Horace Mann, Marshall, Matte-
son, McKimock, Finis E. McLean, McWillie, Meacham,
Meade, Moore, Morehead, Morse, .Velsnn, Newell, Ogle,
Penn, Phoenix, Pitman, Potter, Powell, Putnam, Reed,
Risley, Rockwell, Rose, Sackeit, Schenck, Spaulding,
Sprague, Alexander II. StephMg, Taylor, James Thomp-
son, Thurman, Underbill, Vafl(>yke, Venable, Walden,
Wellborn, Wentworth, White, Williams, and Wright—91.
NAYS—Messrs. Alhertson, Alexander, Anderson, Aver-
ett, Beale, Bingham, Bocock, Booth, Boyd, Breck, William
J. Brown, Burt, George A. Caldwell, Cartter, Clarke, W.
R. W. Cobb, Colcock, Cole, Conger, Daniel, Dunham, ,
Durkee, Edmundson, Eliot, Nathan Evans, Fitcli, Fowler,
Fuller, Gerry, Giddings, German, Hall, Hamilton, Haralson,
lull am G. Harris, Thomas I.. Harris, Hibbard, Holladay,
Howe, Hunter, Inge, Andrew Johnson, Jones, Julian,
Leffler, Littlefield, Job Mann, Mason, McDonald, Mc-
Dowell, McGaughey, Robert M. McLane, McMullen, Mc-
Uueen, Millson, Morris, Morton, Orr, Parker, Peaslee,
Peck, Reynolds, Robbins, Ross, Rumsey, Sawtelle,Seddon,
Shepperd, Silvester, Stetson, Thomas, Jacob Thompson,
John B. Thompson, Toombs, Vinton, Wallace, Watkins,
•Whittlesey, Wildrick, and Young—80>
So the bill was passed.
Mr. MARSHALL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and to lay that mo-
tion on the table; which latter motion was agreed
to.
HEIRS OF COLONEL STONE.
Mr. DUNHAM rose to a privileged question.
He moved to call up the motion that he had made
to reconsider the vote by which the House Jiad
laid the bill for the relief of the heirs of Colonel
Stone upon the table. He did so at the solicita-
tion of the friends of the bill.
The SPEAKER stated in reply to several mem-
bers that the bill referred to had been laid on jJje
table by a vote of the House. The gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Dpnham] now moved to re-
consider the vote by which tne House had laid the
bill on the table. *
Mr. DUNHAM said that he should like at the
same time to explain the reasons that had induced
him to make his motion to reconsider.
The SPEAKER stated that that could only be
done by the unanimous consent of the House.
Mr. THOMAS objected.
The Ci.f.rk having read the bill and report,
• j DUNHAM "aid, that if he was not per-
mitted to make the explanation he desired, he
would be compelled to move to lay the motion to -
reconsider upon the table; but at the solicitations
of the friends he did not.
On the question of the reconsideration of the
vote by which the House had laid the bill upon the
table, a division was taken; but no quorum voting,
tellers were ordered, (Messrs. Bowlin and Cling-
man acting,) and the question being again put,
it resulted—ayes 85, noes 31.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question then recurred on the motion to
lay the bill on the table.
Mr. LITTLEFIELD moved that the House
adjourn, but subsequently withdrew his motion.
Mr. SIBLEY asked that by the unanimous
consent of the House, a bill from the Senate to
reduce and define certain military reservations in
the Territory of Minnesota, securing the rights of
actual settlers, might be read a first and second
time and referred to the Committee on Territories.
As the business of the Territories must be taken
up next week, he was desirous that the bill should
be before the committee that it might J-e reported
by that time.
Mr. HOLMES objected. 1
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, inquired what
had become of the motion just under considera-
tion ?
The SPEAKER stated that the question now
recurred on the motion to lay the bill upon the
table.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, objected to any
other business being taken up until the bill for the
relief of the heirs of Colonel Stone was disposed of.
Mr. LITTLEFIELD renewed his motion thai
the House adjourn. On a division the House re-
fused to adjourn.
The question was then taken on the motion to
lay the bill upon the table; and it was not agreed to. ,
The question then recurred upon ordering the ■
bill to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. DUNHAM said: Theobject I had in view 1
in moving to reconsider, -was to comply with the
earnest solicitation of some of the friends of the
bill, who apprehended that I had mistaken the
law relating to this case; and as I felt it was pos-
sible I might have done so, I made that motion, to
enable me to give it a more careful examination,
and ascertain thereby if I had accidentilly done
injustice.
I have since carefully examined into the merits
of this case, and I think that the question was deci-
ded correctly by the House. I voted just now
against the reconsideration, because I could not
withdraw the motion.
This bill, Mr. Speaker, proposes to pay to the
heirs of Colonel Stone an alleged deficiency in his
pension. Colonel Stone belonged to the revolu-
tionary army, and served in the wars of that pe-
riod. He resigned his post, I believe, in 1779. He
made his application for a pension, and I believe
received it from the Department in 1803, and con-
tinued to receive it from that time to his death.
The claim now made is for the pension for the
, interval between 1779, the time of his resignation,
to the time of his application, in 1803. It is con-
tended by those who aie in favor of the bill, that
this is not an ordinary pension case; that it is of
the nature of a contract, and that the officer had a
vested right in the amount as compensation, to
take effect from the date of his resignation. I hold
in my hand the resolutions of Congress under
which this claim is preferred. I will send it to the
Clerk's table to be read.
The Clerk then read the resolution as follows:
" Resolved, That every commissioned officcr, non-com-
missioned officer, and private soldier, who shall lose a limb
in any engagement, or be so disabled in the service of the
United States of America as to render liim incapable after-
wards of getting a livelihood, shall receive during his life,
or the continuance of such disability, the one half of his
monthly pay from and after the time that his pay as an offi-
cer or soldier ceases, to be paid by the committee as here-
after mentioned: That every commissioned officer, non-
commissioned officer, and private soldier in the Army, and
every commander, commission officer, warrant officer, ma-
rine, or seaman of any of the ships of war, or armed ves-
sels belonging to the United States of America, who shall
be wounded in any engagement so as to be rendered inca-
pable of serving in the Army and Navy, though not totally
disabled from getting a livelihood, shall receive such monthly
sum as shall be judged adequate by the Assembly or other
representative body of the State where he belongs or re-
sides, upon application to them for that purpose, provided
the same doth not exceed his half pay."
Mr. DUNHAM, (in continuation.) I justnow',
said that Colonel Stone received his pension from j
Jan. 25,
the time of his application. But I find that I have
been mistaken. He made his application in 1803,
and might have received his pension from that
time, but he refused to do so unless the Depart-
ment would grant him his regular pension, com-
mencing from the time of his resignation. The
whole question, in my opinion, turns upon this
point: Whether it is a pension law, or whether it
is in the nature, of a contract made between the
Government and the officer.
On a careful examination into the case, I am
clearly of opinion that it is a pension law. The
intention of the preamble of the resolution seems
clearly to indicate that fact. It is as follows:
14 Whereas, in the course of the present war, some com-
missioned aud non-commissioned officers of the Army and
Navy, as also private soldiers, maiuies, and seamen, may
lose a limb,or be otherwise so disabled as to prevent their
serving in the Army or Navy, or getting their livelihood,
and may stand in need of relief."
It seems to me clearly to have been the intention,
as indicated by this preamble, that it' an officer was
so disabled in the service of his country as to be
incapacitated to longer serve or to support him-
self, that he should have a pension for his current
support. But it was not intended as a part of his
pay any more than in the case of pensions under
the present pension law. If such is the fact, (and "
I believe it to be so,) then the Department was
right in'refusing to grant back pensions. Such has
been the universal practice of the Pension. Depart-
ment since its establishment, and 1 think we ought
not to change our practice in this case. I say that I
think the Department put the proper construction
upon this case, it> considering it as a pension law;
and if it is such, this officer was not entitled to this
back pension.
Another word upon this point. It is said that
there is a difference between this and an ordinary
pension law, as a time certain is stated when the
pension shall commence. The language of the
resolution is, that if an officer be so wounded as
to be disabled, he shall be entitled to receive his
half pay during his life, commencing from the time
that he was so disabled, or from the time that he
left the service. It is therefore contended that if
Colonel Stone was entitled to a pension at all, he
was entitled to receive it from the time he resigned.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, inquired when the
resolution referred to was passed ?
Mr. DUNHAM. It was passed during the
progress of the war, on the 26tli August, 1776.
I was about to remark, that there is ajiother
principle which I think bears directly upon this
case, and that is, (at least it strikes me very for-
cibly,) that in consequence of Colonel Stone hav-
ing refused the sum claimed as a pension, his heirs'
have by that means forfeited all right to receive it.
In granting this pension, Government certainly
had in view simply giving him a gratuity to sup-
port himself, and he should have received it. That
object cannot now be carried out even if this bill
be passed. It would now be giving a gratuity to
his descendants. This bill does not contemplate
the accomplishment of the object which was in-
tended by the resolution, to wit, that of granting
a pension for the support of an officer who was
so disabled in the service of his country as to be
incapable of supporting himself.
I do not feel at liberty, however, to move to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table, because,
having made it, I desired that the friends of
the bill might have an opportunity of presenting
their views in relation to this point in the case. I
can add, that my reexamination of the case has
not changed my views in reference to it. *
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland. 1 desire to know
of the gentleman from Indiana, notwithstanding the
opinions he has expressed, whether he does not
still hold, that the heirs of Colonel Stone are en-
titled to the amount of half pay claimed from the
time of the application in 1803 ?
Mr. DUNHAM. I believe, Mr. Speaker, they
undoubtedly are entitled to it. And I would also
say, that, in my opinion, there is no necessity
that they should come to this House for that part
of the claim. Indeed, I have not yet learned that
there has been any refusal on the part of the Pen-
sion Department to pay that part of the claim
that relates to the interval between Colonel Stone's
application in,1803, up to the time of his death.
Mr. McLANE. I desire also to inquire of the
gentleman from Indiana, whether hedoes not under-
stand , as well as myself, that th^onstruction put
