330
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I am awn re thru it ia at all timea a moat un-
gracious task to oppose a claim of thia descrip-
tion; but as a member of the Gommitee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, in which position 1 have had
to discharge duties which 1 hare"sometimes found
particularly onerous, I should not have felt my-
self excused if I had not, on a former occasion,
when I found the House ready to fall into error,
ventured to suggest that there were objections to
the bill then under consideration which, in my
judgment at least, ought to defeat it. This bill
was reported from the Committee on Revolutiona-
ry Claims by a most estimable gentleman, [Mr.
CatirtR Butler, of Pennsylvania,]—a gentle-
man now no longer a member of this House, who
has been removed from us by death, and whose
many amiable qualities and whose habits of in-
dustry no one estimated more highly than I did.
And when thia bill came under consideration a
short time since, that gentleman being no longer
here to defend it, and supposing that there might
be no other gentleman in the House ready to ex-
plain and support it, I stated to the House, in
as few words as I could, that I had objections to
the passage of the bill, but I then observed that the
absence of any one prepared to vindicate it would
prevent me from going as much at large into the
investigation of the question as I should under
other circumstances have felt it my duty to do.
I find, however, that there are now other gen-
tlemen prepared to sustain this bill, and as I really
wish the House to be informed of its true merits,
and as no one would be more ready to vote thia
gratuity, which I understand it to be, to the de-
scendants of a very valiant ancestor, I should be
happy if this discussion should elicit such remarks
as would satisfy the House of the justice of this
demand. But, in order that the House may fully
understand the case, I mean, as briefly as the cir-
cumstances of the case will allow—and*I assure
the House most reluctantly, for I have no desire
to interpose opposition unnecessarily to the pas-
sage of any bill—to indicate the objections which
prevented me, as a member of the committee,
from concurring in the favorable report upon this
case.
My colleague [Mr. Seddon] has contended that
this is not an application for a pension, but that
the parties came here insisting on the fulfillment of
a contract made with the Government. The read-
iest answer to that ai^uma^of my colleague is to
read the words of the revert to the very
declarations of the old Continental Congress,
which passed these resolutions, and in which these
?revisions are expressly referred to as "pensions."
'he House will recollect that, in July or August,-
1776, the Continental Congress recommended that
provision should be made for all those who should
be so disabled in the public service as to be incapable
of earning their livelihood. 1 say recommended
that provision should be made, for it is important
that the House should understand that there was
no authority in the Continental Congress to appro-
priate money for the purpose of paying pensions
granted under those circumstances. It was long an-
terior—and I call the attention of my colleague to
that fact—to the adoption of the Federal.Constitu-
tion. The States assembled by their delegates in the
Continental Congress could only recommend that the
States should make provision for the payment of
these gratuites, and that recommendation was an-
swered by the States, which severally, by acts of
their own legislative bodies, made the provision
recommended by this resolution.
Mr. DUNHAM (interposing, and Mr. Mill-
ion yielding the floor,\ said, that &s corroborative
of this position taken t>y himself, as well as by the
gentleman from Virginia, he desired to call the at-
tention of the House to another part of the same
resolution, which clearly showed that it was not
intended to enter into any contract:
" That every commissioned officer, non-commissioned
officer, snd private soldier in the Army, and every com-
mander, commission officer, warrant officer, marine or sea-
man, or any of the ship* or war or armed vessel* belonging
to the United States of America, who shall be wounded in
any engagement so aj to be rendered incapable of serving
in the Army or Navy, though not totally disabled from get-
ting * livelihood, shall receive such a monthly sum as shall
be deemed adequate by the Assembly or other representa-
tive body of the State, where he belongs or resides, upon
application ta tktm for that purpote, provided the «une
doth not exceed his half pay.*'
Mr. D. went on to say, (as the Reporter under-
stood him,) under this provision, therefore, the
bounty was not to be given unless application was
made to the Legislatures af the several States.
Jan. 25,
Mr. M1LLS0N, (continuing.) That confirms
the statement I made, and it is further confirmed
by other resolutions which 1 will presently read
to the House. It was then a mere advisory res-
olution, that provision should be made by the
States for the redemption of what I concede to be
the plighted faith of the nation.
Mr. BURT, (interposing.) If the gentleman
from Virginia will permit me, I will move that the
House adjourn. It is evident that we shall be un-
able to get through this discussion to-day.
Mr. MILLSON. If it is the pleasure of the
House I will yield the floor for a motion to ad-
journ, but I am fully prepared to go on with my
remarks now.
Several Members. Oh, let us adjourn. The
bill can be taken up some other day.
On motion by Mr. BURT,
The House then adjourned.
PETITIONS, fcc.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
under the rule, and referred to appropriate committees:
By Mr. MANN7, of Massachusetts: The peution of Ben-
jamin Sirrell and 57 others, inhabitants of Weymouth, Mas-
sachusetts, for the immediate repeal of the fugitive slave
law.
Also, of Nathaniel Shaw and 32 others of Weymouth, in
Massachusetts, praying for cheap postage.
Also, of Elias Wells and 49 others, legal voters in the
town of Sandwich, Massachusetts, in tavor of a Congress
of Nauons to supersede war.
Bv Mr. MATTESON: The petition of Aaron Stedman,
of New York, for extension of patent.
By Mr. Rl'MSEY : The petition of George 9. Haverting
and 519 others, citizens of Steuben county, New York, for
the repeal of the fugitive slave law.
By Mr. KING, ot New Jersey: The memorial of rope-
makers of Elizabethtown, New Jersey, for an alteration in
the tariff.
By Mr. SIBLEY: The petition of Samuel ThatcherrJr.,
and 96 other citizens of Minnesota, praying that the Fort
Snelling military reserve be sold at public sale, and that the
proceeds thereof be expended in building a bridge across the
Mississippi river at the Falls of St. Anthony, and the re-
mainder lor purposes of education.
Also, the petition of J. W. Simpson and 45 other citizens
of Minnesota, praying that William Noot's improvements
on school section No. 36 may be secured to him, and other
lands allowed to the Territory in lieu thereof.
By Mr. CHANDLER: The memorial of sundry citizens
of Philadelphia, asking Congress to amend the bouuty land
law so as to place the soldiers of the war of 1813 on a foot-
ing equal to that on which the soldiers of the late war with
Mexico now stand-
Also, the memorial of John McCanles, Wm. E. Whelen,
and other citizens of Philadelphia, asking Congress to pro-
vide for the more effectual protection of American industry. ,
Also, the memorial of Amelia L. and Louisa P. Dumas,
executrixs of Abigail Dumas, asking relief upon a claim for-
merly against the Spanish Government.
By Mr. WILLIAMS: Two peutions for mail routes—one
from the citizens of Dyer, Gibson and Makley; the other
from the citizens of Dyer and Obion counties.
Also, the petition of the inhabitants of the county of
Westmoreland, in the State of Pennsylvania, praying a
provision of law for the reorganization of companies of
volunteer militia, to be armed as mounted riflemen, and
settled on the most exposed section of the western fron-
tier, to protect the settlers from Indian aggressions.
Also, the petition and other papers of Thomas Whinery,
of Tennessee, praying Congress to place his name on the
roll of invalid pensions.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, January 25, 1851.
Mr. GWINpresented a document in relation to
the claim of Talbot H. Greene, containing a cer-
tificate of the amount due by the United States
Government to the said Greene, as per receipt of
Lieutenant Colonel J. C. Fremont, for articles de-
livered the California battalion, Monterey, No- ,
vember 16, 1846, for ten thousand eight hundred
and fifty-five dollars and sixteen cents; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs. j
Mr. RUSK presented the memorial of Henry 1
Smith, a Cherokee Indian, asking for certain land
to which he was entitled under the treaty of 1835 1
with that tribe; which was referred to the Com- i
mittee on Indian Affairs. !
Mr. BENTON presented a memorial, very nu- !
merously signed by citizens of Pittsburg, in the
State of Pennsylvania, asking protection for Amer- !
ican industry. They enumerate the articles of
iron, coal, and glass in particular, and allude to ||
the general features of the policy pursued by Great !
Britain for the protection of her manufactures; '
which are, first, to facilitate the importation of raw
materials for the employment of her artisans; sec- t
ond, to discourage or wholly prohibit tlie exporta- i
tion of raw materials; thira, to export her manu- j
factures in the most finished forms; fourth, to
prohibit or heavily burden with duties the intro-
duction of all manufactures with which her own
| subjects can supnly her; and fifth, to offer boun-
1 ties nnd drawbacks on exporlations of the whole
or chief part of the duties paid on importations of
her manufactures to other countries. They say
in the last paragraph: The form of a petition will
not admit of an argument to demonstrate that, in
view of the British policy relating to her work-
shops, our National Legislature have to decide
whether the American market shall be wholly sur-
rendered to advance the interesis of foreign labor,
or whether the genera! welfare shall be promoted
by the adoption of a revenue tariff, based upon
full protection to the diversified industry of our
beloved country. I move its reference to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BENTON also presented a memorial from
citizens of Moniteau county, in the State of Mis-
souri, asking the right of way and a donation of
land for the Pacific Railroad; which was referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the memorial of
Thomas Kinney, asking that the bounty land law
of September 5J8, 1850, may be modified; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CLEMENS presented the petition of Sim-
eon Geron, asking to be allowed compensation
for certain services performed by him as an ex-
press rider during the late war with Mexico;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. WINTHROP presented the memorial of
citizens of Boston, in the State of Massachusetts,
legal voters and manufacturers, asking such a
modification of the patent laws as may render
fraudulent patents null and void; which was or-
dered to lie on the table.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEE8.
• Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to which was referred the petition of the
heirs of Nathan King, submitted an adverse report
on the same; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to which was referred the memorial of
William Vance and Brothers, asking to be reim-
bursed certain sums paid by them tor volunteers
marching to their place of rendezvous, asked to be
discharged from the further consideration of the
same; which was agreed to.
Mr. BALDWIN, from the Committee of Claims,
to which was referred House bill 139, for the re-
lief of Monmouth B. Hart, Joel Kelly, and Wil-
liam Close, sureties for the late Benjamin F. Hart,
a purser in the United States Navy, reported back
the same without amendment, and recommended
its passage.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee of
Claims, to which was referred the memorial of
"Wm. G. Buckner, executor of John J. Bulde, de-
ceased, submitted an adverse report on the same;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to which was referred a memo-
rial of citizens of said District, asking that square
No. 249, in the city of Washington, may be filled
and graded, reported a bill for the filling and gra-
ding of square 249, belonging to the United States,
in the city of Washington; which was read and
passed to a second reading. The bill appropriates
$5,235 for the accomplishment of the same.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which was referred a resolution of
the Senate, directing that committee to inquire into
the expediency of adding an additional grade of
lieutenant general, reported a joint resolution au-
thorizing the President to confer the title of lieuten-
ant general by brevet for eminent services; which
was read and passed to a second reading.
The resolution provides that when, in the opin-
ion of the President and Senate, it shall be deemed
proper to acknowledge eminent services of officers
of the army in the mode already provided for in
subordinate grades, the grade of lieutenant general
may be conferred by brevet, and by brevet only.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee of Claims,
to which was referred the petition of Bryan Calla-
ghan, submitted a report, which was ordered to be
printed, accompanied by a bill for his relief, which
was read and passed to a second reading.
Mr. DAYTON, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which was referred the memorial of the
members of the bar of the District of Columbia,
and a resolution of the Senate relative to increasing
