1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
331
the salary of the district judge of New Hampshire,
reported a bill (S. 428) to increase the compensa-
tion of the district judge of New Hampshire and
of the judge of the criminal court of the District
of Columbia; which was read and passed to a
second reading.
RESOLUTION.
Mr. DOWNS submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and agreed to:
R Molrcrf, That die Secretary t>T War be directed to ]
furnish the Senate with a copy of the report of Mr. Charles '
Ellet, in reference to the deepening the mouths of the Miosis- ,
«ppi-
BILL ON LEAVE.
Mr. SEWARD, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to provide for
the just settlement of the account of John C. Berg, .
late an assistant paymaster in the Army of the
United States;.which was read a first ana second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
BILLS PASSED.
The following engrossed bills were severally '
read a third time apa passed:
The bill granting the right of way and making
a grant of land to the States of Louisiana ana
Mississippi, in aid of the construction of a rail-
road from Madisonville, in the State of Louisiana,
to Jackson, in the State of Mississippi, was read
a third time, and amended by unanimous consent.
On motion by Mr. UNDERWOOD, the title
was amended so as to read, " A bill granting land
to the States of Louisiana, Mississippi, Indiana,
and Illinois, for the construction of certain rail-
roads therein mentioned."
The bill for the relief of Elizabeth Jones, and
the other children of Joha-Carr.
A bill for the relief ofliiompson Hutchison.
A bill for the relief of the representatives of Jo- ,
seph Watson.
A bill for the relief of Thomas Rhodes.
A bill for the relief of Nathaniel Champ and i
others. I
BILLS F«OM THE HOUSE. j
A message was received from the House of |
Representatives by Mr. Young, their Clerk:
Mr. President : The House of Representatives
have passed bills of the following titles, in which
they ask the concurrence of the Senate:
Joint resolution Jfo. 12, providing for the ad-
justment of the accounts of John D. Colmesnil,
President of the Ohio and Mississippi Mail Line
Company;
An act for the relief of Sayles J. Bo wen;
An act for the relief of Wm. J. Price;
An act for the relief of C. H. Pii;
An act for the relief of Robert Davidson;
An act for the relief of Andrew Smith;
An act for the relief of the heirs of Semoice, a
friendly Creek Indian;
An act further to amend an act approved the 2d
of July, 1836, for the relief of Samuel Smith, Lynn
Macghee, and Semoice, Creek Indians, and also
an act passed the 2d July, 1836, for the relief of
Susan Mariow;
An act to amend an act entitled "An act for the
relief of Frederick Durvine," approved 14th Au-
gust, 1848;
An act for the relief of William Hankins;
An act for the relief of Aldenand Williams;
An act for the relief of Gustavus A. De Russy,
late an acting purser in the Navy;
An act for the relief of Mary Kirby Smith;
An act for the relief of John Morrison;
An act for the relief of Adam Garlock;
An act granting a pension to Asel Wilkinson;
An act for the relief of Anson Pool;
An act for the relief of Major E. H. Fitzgerald;
An act for the relief of Manoah D. Robinson;
An act for the relief of Jasper A. Maltby; i
An act for the relief of Dunning R. McNair; I
An act for the relief  f Josiah C. Pilcher;
An act for the relief of the Virginia Woollen
Company:
An act for the relief of the sureties of Robert S. j
Moore, deceased,late a purser in the United States i
Navy; _ _ j
An act for the relief of Eli Darling; j
An act for the relief of James F. Green;
An act for the relief of George C. Thomas;
An act for the relief of William B. Edwards;
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Robert S. Burrough and Stephen Hopkins;
An act for the relief of the administrators of Oli-
ver Lee, deceased;
An act for the relief of Isaac Cook and others;
An act for the relief of Malvina Crusat;
An act for the relief of Child, Fair& Company,
of St. Louis, Missouri; and
Au act for the compensation of James W. Low
and others, for the capture of the British private
armed schooner Ann, during the late war with
Great Britain.
GRANTS OF LAND.
Mr. YULEE. I ask the Senate to oblige me
by taking up and acting upon the bill to equalize
the grants of land to the several States. It is one
of the first bills upon the calendar. It was re-
ferred to a committee and reported without amend-
ment.
Mr. DOUGLAS. As we assembled to-day
with the understanding that we should,attend to
Territorial business, I hope the Senator will not
press his motion.
Mr. YULEE. I do not think that the bill will
require any discussion.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to,
and the Senate proceeded to consider it as in Com-
mittee of the W hole.
The bill was read by the Secretary.
It proposes that there shall be granted to each
of the States in which the public lands are situa-
ted, except the State to which the greater number
of acres have already been granted for internal
improvements, such quantity of land, in addition
to that heretofore granted for that object, as will
make the grant for each State bear the same pro-
portion to the amount of public lands originally in
that State as the amount granted for that object
in the State now excepted bears to the area of the
public lands originally in that State.
The grant to be made by this bill is to be sub-
ject to all the terms, conditions* and stipulations
contained in the grant made to the several States
by the act of 4th September, 1841, and is to be
selected, disposed of, and the proceeds applied in
such manner and for such objects of improvement
as the Legislatures of the several States shall di-
rect. It is, however, provided that in those States
in which the Legislatures are not in session at the
passage of this act, the Governors thereof shall
be authorized to cause the selection of the lands
| embraced by this act to be made, subject to the
i decision of the*Legislatures at their next session.
| The selections are to be certified to the land
j officers for the district in which the lands lie, im-
: mediately after they are made, and when approved
l by the Secretary of the Interior, the fee simple to
| the land shall vest in the State.
j Mr. YULEE. I will explain very briefly the
character and purpose of this bill; and I preface
that explanation by saying that the bill was drawn
up at the Land Office, and it has been reported
unanimously by the Committee on Public Lands.
| By the act of 1841, commonly known as the land
distribution act, a grant of half a million of acres
was made to each of the new States for internal
improvements, with a proviso that there should
; be deducted from the States which had already
i received land s for internal improvement the amount
• which they had received—the purpose of the grant
; being to equalize the appropriation for internal
j improvements to each of the new States; being
1 regarded as a consideration for the release of the
j public lands from taxation, and for other benefits
i which the United States received as proprietor of
I the public lands in the new States. It had been
1 ascertained, since the Land Office came to make the
1 distribution in compliance with the act of 1841,
< that some of the States had received more than
■ half a million of acres. The purpose of this bill
is to bring the others up to a point of equality
with that State which has received the highest
; quantity of donation for internal improvements,
l When I speak of the donation for internal im-
| provements, I do not refer to the bills which are
j being passed to aid in the construction of partic-
| ular railroads, but the allowances which have been
I especially granted to the State for purposes of in-
ternal improvements generally, in consideration of
the release of the general public domain from tax-
I ation. The purpose of this bill will be to equalize
'■ grants to the States according to a table which has
L! been furnished from the Land Office, and which will
j be found in Executive document No. 17 of the
■ last session. There will be found in that docu-
ment a table prepared at the Land Office, showing
the number of acres which it will be necessary to
grant to the various new States in order to put
them on an equality with Indiana, which has re-
ceived the highest amount. In order to make the
matter specific and entirely understood, I move trf
amend the bill by adding at the end of the first
section an amendment specifying the amount to
be given to each State under the provisions of the
bill. The following is the amendment:
"That is to say, to the Stnta of Ohio one hundred and
nineteen thousand nine hundred and filty-eiglit acres; to the
State of Illinois two millions one hundred and seventy aix
thousand nine hundred and twelve acres; to the State of
Missouri two millions six hundred and seventy two thou-
sand two hundred and ten acres; to the State of Alabama
one million seven hundred and fifty-four thousand eight
hundred and forty-eight; to the State of Mississippi one
million two hundred and thirty-three thousand four hundred
and eighty-two; to the State of Louisiana one million two
hundred and forty thousand five hundred and ninety-seven;
to the State of Michigan two millions two hundred and sev-
enteen thousand eight hundred and seventeen ; to the State
of Arkansas two millions twenty-nine thousand nine hun-
dred and ninety-six; to the State of Florida two millions
"two hundred and thirty-live thousand four hundred and
forty-nine; to the State of Iowa one million six hundred
and forty two thousand four hundred and seven ; to the
State of Wisconsin one million seven hundred and fifty-one
thousand two hundred and seventy-one."
Mr. HALE. If this amendment had not been
offered I should have offered one which would have
been somewhat inconsistent with it. I wish to
propose' to strike out of the first section the
words "in which the public lands are situated,"
so as to leave the grant to be made to all the
States, and not merely to those in which " the
public lands are situated." But it strikes me that
this is not the time to discuss a bill of this magni-
tude. It gives away a pretty large slice of land.
That it may have a fair discussion at the proper
time, I move to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. YULEE. I would suggest that it would
be better to postpone the bill than to lay it on the
table.
Mr. HALE. We can take it up at anytime.
The motion to lay the bill on the table was
agreed to.
LIABILITY OF SHIP OWNERS.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the Senate to take up for
consideration the "bill to limit the liability of ship-
owners and for other purposes." I have called
the attention of the Senate to this bill on a prior
occasion, and it is thinly bill to which I nave
asked their attention Mich has be$n reported from
the Committee on Commerce. I will not ask that
it shall interfere with other business, for when the
1 morning hour expires I shall consent that the bill
be laid on the table.
[ The motion to take up the bill was agreed to,
; and the Senate proceeded to consider it as in Com-
; mittee of the Whole.
| The bill was read.
; It proposes that no owner of any ship or vessel
shall be liable to answer for or make good any
loss or damage which may happen to any goods
or merchandise whatsoever, which shall be put on
; board any such vessel, by means of any fire hap-
1 pening to or on board the vessel, unless it is eaused
| by the design of the owners. And that if any
1 shipper or shippers of platina, gold, gold dust,
; silver, bullion, or other precious metals, coins,
| jewelry, bills of any bank or public body, dia-
; monds or other precious stones, shall lade the same
on board of any ship or vessel, without, at the
1 time of such lading, giving to the master, agent,
owner,-or owners receiving the same, a note in
writing of the true character and value thereof, and
have the same entered on the bill of lading, the
master and owner or owners of the said vessel
shall not be liable, as carriers thereof, in any form
or manner. Nor shall any such master or owners
be liable for any such valuable goods beyond the
value and according to the character thereof so
notified and entered. It also provides that the lia-
bility of the owners of any ship for any embezzle-
ment, loss, or destruction, by the master, offirers,
mariners, passengers, or any other person or per-
sons, of any property, goods, or merchandise,
shipped or put on hoard, or for any loss, damage,
or injury by collision, or for any act, matter, or
thing, damage, or forfeiture* done, occasioned, or
incurred, without the privity or knowledge of such
owner or owners, shall in no case exceed the
amount or value of the interest of such owner or
owners, respectively, in such ship or vessel, and
her freight tnen pending. If any such embezzle-
