185L
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.,
333
of which no white owner could be discovered. 1
That property was brought*to .the white settle- '
ments, and, an inventory having been made out,
was then sold, and the proceeds were applied to the i
payment of the debts contracted by the war, so far j
as'they would go. Yet a large amount of the dAt
remained, and the provisional government of Ore- :
gon immediately assumed it. 1
In the mean time the Congress of the United I
Slates passed an act (August, 1848) establishing
a territorial government for Oregon. In that act
there was a provision to the effect that the local
laws of the provisional government, and all con-
tracts and obligations executed under that govern-
ment by individuals, were affirmed and declared to
be valid. That act rendered theindividuals who had
assigned those notes to the Hudson's Bay Company
responsible for the payment of the debts which had
been incurred for the public defence. The Legis-
lature of the Territory, after it was organized un-
der a regular territorial government, again assumed
the payment of these debts to the Hudson's Bay
Company and others, but they still remain unpaid.
The Hudson's Bay Company still hold the notes
of these individuals, of whom quite a number of
the most prominent were killed in that war. Among
them was the commanding general, General Gil-
lim, whose private estate, the home of his widow
and children, as I am informed, is about to be sold
to pay this debt to the Hudson's Bay Company.
The private estate of Colonel Lee, who has since
died, is also held responsible for his part of the
debt. Quite a number of others have died, and
their estates are held responsible for the payi^it of
these obligations. The question now is, \Vtther
the Government of the United States will not inter-
pose and pay them, where it can be shown that
the money was regularly expended, and where
they can show regular accounts and regular vouch-
ers for every thing purchased, and the use to which
the money which was expended was applied ? It
was recommended by President Polk in his mes-
sage of December, 1848. It has been urged upon
the Government by two Governors whom we have
sent out to Oregon, and I apprehend there can be
no question either as to the justice of the claim or
the propriety of its being paid. I understand there
is no room for doubt or dispute as to what the
amount is, because they ask for nothing which the
vouchers do not show. I understand,furthermore,
that these vouchers have been carefully examined,
the amount of money has been awarded by the
provisional Legislature of Oregon, and they have
made themselves responsible as the territorial gov-
ernment, in the event it is not paid. But they have
not the means of paying, and those individuals
who are responsible, and their wives and children v
will be deprived of their property and means of
support, unless we pay the debt. That is the
whole case.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and was ordered to tie engrossed for
a third reading.
Mr. HUNTER, at a later period of the day,
rose and said: Before we proceed with other spe-
cial orders, I ask that the vote by which the bill
relating to the Cayuse war was ordered to be en-
grossed, may be reconsidered, for the purpose of
making an amendment, in which the chairman of
the committee concurs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to insert in the fifth
line, between the words " the" and' " expenses,"
the words "just and reasonable," so as to enable
the Treasurer to audit on that principle.
M'. DOUGLAS. 1 have no objection to that.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was
again ordered to be engrossed.
COLLECTION DISTRICTS IN OREGON.
Mr. HAMLIN. I now ask the Senate, for the
same considerations which.were urged by the Sen-
ator from Illinois, [Mr. Dopglas,] to take up the
bill to create additional collection districts in the
Territory of Oregon, and for other purposes. It is
understood that two days of next week are as-
signed in the other House for the consideration of
territorial questions, and if we are to pass these
bills during this session, they should be passed so
as to be considered there. I apprehend there will
be no opposition to taking it up now.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to its con-
sideration.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, the blanks in
the second and third sections were filled up so as
make the sections read as follows:
And be it further enacted, That the collectors of the dis-
tricts of ITmpqua, Oregon, and Puget's Sound, shall be
allowed a salary of $1,000 each per annum, with additional
maximum compensation of $2,000 each per annum, should
their respective official emoluments and fees provided by
existing laws amount to that sum, and the surveyors at Nes-
qually and Portland should be allowed, in addition to the
tees authorized by existing laws, a compensation of $1,000
each per annum.
Sec. 3. JJnd be it further enacted, That Pacific City, on
Baker's Bay, and Milwaukee, on the Willamette river, in
the collection district of Oregon, established by this act, are
hereby constituted ports of delivery, and surveyors of the
customs shall be appointed iu conformity to law, to reside
thereat, whose compensations, in addition to the fees au-
thorized by existing laws, shall not exceed $1,000 per an-
num.
Mr. HAMLIN. I will trouble the Senate with
but a word in explanation of the bill, unless there
should be some objection made to its passage.
The bill was prepared after full conference with
the Treasury Department. It divides the whole
of the vast 'Territory of Oregon into three collec-
tion districts, and appoint^ a collector for each,
with a salary of $1,000, limiting the maximum to
$2,000. It creates ports of delivery upon the Wil-
lamette river, and one upon the bays of Puget
Sound. It fixes the salaries of the surveyors there
at $1,000. The salary of the collector "is about
one fourth the amount paid in the ports below upon
the Pacific coast.
Mr. WALKER. I ask leave to offer an amend-
ment, which does not relate to this bill, but it is
just in its provisions. It relates to the compensa-
tion of ,the collector at the port of Milwaukee.
We have fixed his salary, but it is inadequate, and
I think it should be increased. I move to amend
the bill thus:
" And be it further enacted, That the inspector and col-
lector of the revenne at Milwaukee, in Wisconsin, shall be
allowed the same compensation as that allowed to the in-
spector and collector of customs at Chicago."
Mr. HAMLIN. I wish to say that this bill
relates only to the ports of entry in the Territory
of Oregon. I am apprised of the evil which the
Senator from Wisconsin would remedy, and I am
now in conference with the Department in relation
to certain ports of entry, for which I suppose two
: bills will be reported. Then, when those bills are
| reported, the Senator's amendment will be very
J proper.
i Mr. WALKER. I will withdraw my amend-
! ment. .
The bill was than reported to the Senate; the
amendments made in Committee of the Whole were
concurred in; and the bill ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading.
| LANDS OF THE HALF-BREED SIOUX.
; On the motion of Mr. ATCHISON, the Senate
1 bill to authorize the President of the United States
to purchase certain lands from the half-breed Sioux
Indians, was taken up, read a second time, and
considered as in committee of the Whole.
Mr. PEARCE. 1 would like to know the
amount of land involved in this question. I think
there is quite ajarge tract, if it is the same bill
which we discussed at the last session.
The PRESIDENT. It is the same.
Mr. ATCHISON. The land is described in
the bill. It lies west of the Mississippi river, op-
posite to that portion called Lake Pepin, and con-
tains about three hundred and eighty-seven thou-
sand acres, according to the bill. It is thirty miles
long, and about fifteen broad. It is near the heart
' of the Territory of Minnesota. The price of the
land will be sixty-nine cents and a fraction per
acre. I will ask that the Secretary read a com-
munication by the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
to the President at the last session of Congress.
| The communication was accordingly read,
j Mr. ATCHISON. I find there is a mistake in
the calculation as to the number of acres of land,
i made by the Commissioner of Indian Affairs. The
tract is thirty miles long and fifteen miles wide,
and any one can see by making the calculation
that the number of acres is but two hundred and
eighty-eight thousand; and by dividing the sum
proposed to be paid, which is $200,000, by this
number of acres, it shows that the sum, per acre,
is a little over sixty-nine cents.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I understood that the length
of the tract was thirty-two miles; that is the cause
of the variation in the estimate.
Mr. HUNTER. I see no reason why we
should pay so much more for the lands in this
case than for other lands procured from the Indians.
I think the Senator from Michigan, in the very
striking speech which he delivered some days ago,
stated that the expense for the extinguishment of
Indian titles was, upon an average, about twenty-
eight cents per acre. It is proposed to give sixty-
nine cent's per acre to these Indians. I think we
had better give the Indians the net proceeds of the
lands, than to enter into such an arrangement as
this.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin. I will detain the
Senate but a few moments upon this subject. I
am well acquainted with the country to which this
bill relates. In 1837 I was appointed by the Gov-
ernment to negotiate a treaty with the Chippewas,
who occupied a large extent of country east of the
Mississippi; and in passing up that river I stopped
in what was then called the half-breed country,
and I found various portions of it very rich. I
think the purchase a very important one. That
portion of country is not far from the central
portion of Minnesota, upon the Mississippi river,
and I have no doubt the lands will soon sell rap-
idly. I am under the impression, from what I
know of the country with respect to its commer-
cial and agricultural advantages, that the sum
which it is proposed by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs to pay for this land is not
too large.
Mr. CASS. It will not do to take the average
cost for extinguishing the Indian titles to lands in
former times as the cost at which they may be
extinguished now. We cannot negotiate treaties
with the Indians as we formerly did, on account
of the fact that the lands are becoming very valu-
able, and the Indians understand their value to
us much better than they did. There are settle-
ments around the Indians, or near to them, and the
consequence is that-you cannot now get the lands
at twenty-eight cents per acre; it is utterly impos-
sible to do it. I have been through this tract of
land, and I must say it is of the most beautiful
kind. The lands are much more valuable than
these in the remote west, or than the lands in the
east were thirty years ago, at the time when many
of our treaties were made with the Indians. I
believe that the purchase of the land is vastly im-
portant. We have a precedent in the purchase
made in Ohio, in Sandusky county. Tne lands
west are of greater value, and you could not treat
with the Wyandots as you could thirty years ago.
Mr. HUNTER. I understood from the Senator
from Ohio some days ago that the result of throw-
ing these lands into market would be this: that the
persons holding military bounty land warrants
would attend the sales and discourage persons
from bidding, by saying to them that they would
get the lands and sell them to them at a much less
price. If that be so, the probability is, that if we
buy the lands of these half-breed Indians and ex-
pose them for sale, we shall not get sixty-nine
cents per acre. Under these circumstances I-am
not disposed to pay so much. If we buy them,
let us give the net proceeds of them to the Indians,
and no more. The lands will be of no profit to us
if we buy them.
Mr. JONES. The gentleman is mistaken in
supposing that these lands will be taken up and
sold immediately to satisfy military bounty lands,
for this reason: the lands are not surveyed, and
will not be surveyed until the President of the
United States gives orders to the surveyor general
to do so. Then the settlers will acquire preemp-
tion rights, I suppose. From my knowledge of
this country, as I have had the pleasure of seeing
it, and knowing what it is, it is as good as any on
the Mississippi river, and I believe it will be taken
up by actual settlers whenever it is surveyed. But
it will not be surveyed for several years to come,
unless the surveyor is ordered to make a survey
for that purpose.
Mr. HUNTER. One remark to the Senator
from Iowa. The Secretary of theTreasury assumes
that the purposes of absorption of the public lands
will last during sixteen years. During that time,
then, we shall get nothing for them.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I have no doubt
these lands are valuable. From what I have seen
of them I think so. But it seems to me there are
other questions to be considered besides the value
of the land. Whose is it?—is it now occupied
and used? And if so, why should the present
occupant be displaced ? These questions involve
