3$4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 25,
a general policy towards the aborigines, to whom
we stand in the relation of guardian or tutor.
What is to become of the Indians? We already
have n memorial from Oregon fojf driving them in
from the West. There was a time when the ultima
Ihulf was the west of the Mississippi, and there
they were to remain in peace forever. Now it
is proposed to push them still further. Where
are they to go ? The population is already press-
ing them back from the Pacific. You are dri-
ving them still further west of the Mississippi.
To what point? It is time we should pause in
that policy in relation to Indian affairs which we
have heretofore pursued. For myself I say, with
great deference, yet with some experience, I be-
lieve the policy, so far as it rested on motives of
humanity to the Indian, was wrong from the be-
ginning. If there be any obligations higher than
another upon us in relation to the Indians, it is to
civilize them, the first step to which is to make
them an agricultural people, and redeem them
from their hunting state. To do this we must
surround them with an agricultural population.
Every move which is made of semi-civilized In-
dians to wide hunting grounds in the West restores
them to the barbarism from which they had pre-
viously emerged. These half-breed settlers are so
far advanced as to build houses and cultivate
fields. Leave them in their present position, sur-
rounded by a white population, and tney will con-
tinue to advance in civilization. Why, then, should
they be removed? For whose benefit? Not for
the Indians', surely. It is not so claimed, but for
the advantage of the neighboring white population.
Why have the whites a right to require a re-
moval of these half-breeds? We were told on a
former occasion that they were an industrious and
a moral people—some of them members of the
Territorial Legislature—many of them voters. It
seems, then, that no argument for their removal
can be drawn from the necessary security of their
neighbors of Minnesota, none from their own in-
dustrial pursuits, none from their wants, and none
from their future fortune. The fact that they are
of the aboriginal race does not require that they
should remain in the hunting state forever, nor
does that fact alone prove their ability to live by
the chase. For example, see the misery and retro-
fradation which followed the removal of the New
'ork Indians to the wilds west of Lake Michigan.
I say, then, let the half-breeds alone. If you
choose, divide the lands. Give, when it shall
appear advisable, to each a fee simple. Let them
sell when and to whom they please. You have
no right, after they have enjoyed the rights of
citizens, to force them again into the condition
of savage life. I agree with the Senator from
Virginia [Mr. Hunter] that we should prob- '
ably never receive sixty-nine cents net per acre
in revenue from these lands. But I waive all
that. There are higher considerations than this,
and until we pass over the greater consideration
which lies at the threshold, it is useless to examine
the minutiae of the interior.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to lay the bill on the
table.
Mr. ATCHISON asked for the yeas and nays
on the mution, and they were ordered.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I wish to say in refer-
ence to this matter that it is of very great interest
to a portion of the people of the Northwest. I
have not, so far as I act here in my representative
capacity, any interest whatever in relation to it.
But I speak for those on the confines of my State,
and upon the same great river. This land lies
between the towns in northern Illinois and the
capital of the Territory of Minnesota, and on the
bank of the Father of Waters. The settlements ,
of the half-breeds upon it are few here, there being
not more than ten or twelve in number, and they
are urfhble to make a living by farming, or by re-
ducing the land to cultivation, or even cutting or
providing cord wood for the steamboats naviga-
ting the Mississippi. Every person in passing ,
up and down the river is struck with the necessity
of acquiring this land and throwing it open for :
settlers. I demonstrated by facts and figures on a I
previous occasion that Government would make
something like twenty-five cents per acre by the 1
purchase of this land; that the land woula not
cost, with all the expense included, according to
the price agreed upon, and the expense of survey- J
1 ing, but about eighty cents per acre. But allow-
ing that it cost a dollar per acre, Government
' would still make twenty-five cents per acre, by
simply acting as a trustee and making the pur-
chase from the Indians, and selling again to the
people of the country.
In respect to the lands in Ohio, cited by the Sen-
ator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] it is well known
that Government did not make a single cent. It
is also well known that land has been bought by
Government, and sold to settlers at a price which
would not pay for the original purchase and cost
of survey; and when it can be aone, I would hold
it to be the duty of the Government to purchase
the land though it did not make a single cent; and
I think it ought to make the purchase in justice to
the people. I think so, because in 1824 "there was
a large tract of land—eleven hundred and nine
thousand acres—set apart for the use of the half-
breeds of the Sacs and Foxes between the Des
Moines and Mississippi rivers. That land lay
from 1824 to 1834 in that condition, and then Con-
gress permitted the reversionary right to be sold;
and then there was such a scene of speculation,
outrage, and villainy Inacted as to throw the whole
country into commotion and the whole country
into litigation. We have had, and I apprehend
the people of Minnesota will have, unless Congress
acts as a trustee in the matter, a sort of second
edition of the anti-rent difficulties in New York;
little short of actual fighting of the settlers against
the claimants to title. A decree of court was made
in the case of the Iowa half-breed lands, and al-
though there are said to have been but thirty or
forty half breeds, there were more than a hundred
interests or shares proven up. Unless Govern-
ment will become the medium through which title
in this case is to be passed, I believe the same scenes
will be reenacted. Questions for dispute of various
kinds will arise, whether the claimants are half or
quarter breeds, and as to the rights of the people
settling upon the land, until the whole will be in-
volved in inextricable confusion and difficulty.
These lands cannot be sold until surveyed and
offered at public sale or outcry, and will not there-
fore be liable to be entered with land warrants. I
certainly hope these land warrants will not be
made assignable, and that we may discourage, by
everything we can do, any further speculation in
them.
Mr. HALE. I want to know how long this
question is to be debated upon the motion to lay
the bill on the table.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will state that
he had lost sight of the fact that a motion had been
made to lay it upon the table. The Senator from
Iowa was out of order.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I wish then to ask par-
don of the Chair and of the Senate.
The question was then taken on the motion to
lay the subject upon the table, and the result was
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Berrien, Bor-
land, Bradbury, Chase, Clarice, Clemens, Davis of Massa-
chusetts, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson, Dayton, Dickin-
son, Greene, Hale, Hunter, King, Mangum, Mason, Miller,
Morton, Pearce, Rhett, Seward, Soule, Spruance, Turney,
Underwood, Upham. and Winthrop—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Benton, Cass, Dodgeof Wis-
consin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Downs, Felch, Foote,
Hamlin, Jones, Rnsk, Shields, Sturgeon, Wales, Walker,
and Whitcomb—17.
So the motion was agreed to.
widows' pensions.
Mr. HALE. I move to postpone all prior spe-
cial orders with a view to take up House resolution
No. 9.
If the Senate will hear me for a few moments,
I am sure they will consent to do so. By the
construction given to the existing pension law
by the Secretary of the Interior, certain widows
were deprived of pensions which they had received
under the law, as understood and practiced by the
Commissioner of Pensions. The House of Rep-
resentatives early in the last session passed an act
remedying that construction. There were several
pension laws passed in 1838,1843, and 1844, the
constniction of which by the Department was, that
if a widow had a husband living at the time of the
'passage of the act, although he had died since that,
she was not entitled to the privilege of the act.
The House of Representatives early passed a reso- |
lution to remedy that. It was sent to the Senate
and referred to the Committee on Pensions. The
committee reported in favor of it, but ingrafted one ;
or two amendments upon it, which they are now
satisfied will endanger the passage of the resolu-
tion, and I am instructed by the committee to ask
the reconsideration of the amendment, so as to pass
the original joint resolution, that the few old wid-
ows may have the benefit of the act for their relief.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I now move to reconsider the
vote by which the Senate amended the joint reso-
lution of the House.
The PRESIDENT. There is no necessity for
that motion. The amendments were made in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the "joint resolution explaining the acts of
seventh July, eighteen hundred and thirty-eight,
March third, eighteen hundred and forty-three,
and June seventeenth, eighteen hundred and forty-
four."
The following amendment made in Committee
of the Whole was then read:
"That if any person who served in the war of the Revo-
lution, in manner specified in the act passed the sevmth
day of June, eighteen hundred and thirty-two, entitled ' An
act supplementary to the act for the relief of certain surviv-
ing officers and soldiers of the Revolution,' has died, leav-
ing a widow whose marriage- took place prior to the first
day of January, seventeen hundred and ninety-four, such
widow shall be entitled to receive, during her life, such an-
nuity or pension as might have been allowed to her husband
in virtue of the said act of the seventh June, eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-two, if living at the time of its passage:
Provided, The widow survived the passage of the aforesaid
act of the seventh June, eighteen hundred and thirty-two."
Mr. HALE. That is the amendment in which
I wishthe Senate not to concur.
IWrjoint resolution was reported to the Senate,
and the question was taken on concurring in the
amendment made in Committee of the Whole; and
it was not concurred in.
Mr. DAWSON. As I understand this resolu-
tion, it is designed to change the day when a per-
son will be entitled to a pension. If a widow be-
comes such on a particular day she is entitled to a
pension under the laws of 1838 and 1843; but if
she becomes a widow after the day designated in
these laws, then she is not entitled to one. I un-
derstand the object of this resolution to be to give
a widow a pension without regard to the time
when her husband died. If the object of the reso-
lution is to change the time in this manner, then it
is virtually extending the act of 1843, by saying
j that all persons who become the widows of sol-
diers, and who would have been entitled to pen-
sions had the husband died prior to 1843, will now
be entitled to them. It is only extending the day
named in the acts of 1838 and 1843. I shall op-
1 pose it, on the ground that I am unwilling to extend
the pension laws any further. We have before
been liberal in extending the benefits of the act of
1843 four years, and that of 1838 for five years.
It will now be immaterial when a person becomes
a widow. The pension list will run through the
army till all who have been in the army will leave
widows who will be entitled to pensions.
Mr. HALE. I hope I am as good an econo-
mist as the Senator from Georgia; but I do confess
that, of all the classes on eartn upon which this
rigid economy should be brought to bear, the poor
remnant of the widows of the revolutionary sol-
diers is not the one which should be selected. I
' will now state the difficulty. The laws of 1838,
1^43, and 1844, as administered by the Pension
office, gave pensions to widows as soon as they
1 became such. After the Department of the Inte-
rior was organized, that construction was over-
ruled by the Secretary of the Interior. His con-
1 struction of the law was, that they must actually
be widows at the time of the passage of the act,
and that, if the husband of one died the day after,
she was not entitled to the benefits of the act.
The Commissioner of Pensions had administered
the law differently. The attention of the Com-
mittee on Pensions in the House was turned to it,
and this joint resolution was passed. The Com-
missioner of Pensions addressed a letter to the
committee approving of it. The Committee on
Pensions in the Senate recommended it. I think
we now understand its whole scope and object;
and, if so, l am not so idle as to argue about it
and consume time.
Mr. BENTON. If I understand this amend-
ment correctly it is to give further effect to, or. in-
crease the effect of those bills which relate to the
wives of those who married since the Revolution;
not the old revolutionary wives, but those of men
