338
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 27,
for the yeas and nays. I believe the Whig party
are abandoning their principles. [Loud cries of
" Order!" "order!"]
The SPEAKER stated that debate was not in
order.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question on the suspension of the rules
being- taken by yeas and nays, resulted—yeas 116,
nays 70—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Alston, Anderson,
Andrews, Ashmun, Bell, Bennett, Bingham, Bokee, Booth,
Bowie, Bowlu), Breck, Briggs, Brooks, Buel, Bullard, Bar-
rows, Butler, Joseph Cable, Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvin,
Campbell, Casey, Chandler, Clingman, Cole, Conger, Cor-
win, Crowell, Deberry, Dickey, Disney, Dixon, Doty, Duer,
Duncan, Durkee, Eliot, Alexander Evans, Fitch, Fowler,
Gentry, Giddings, Gilbert, Goodenow, Gott, Gould, Grin-
nell, Hampton, Harlan, Hay, Haymond, Hebard, Milliard,
Howard, Howe, Hunter, William T. Jackson, Robert W.
Johnson, Julian, Kaufman, Kerr, George G. King, John A.
King, Leffler, Levin, Horace Mann, Marshall, Matte son,
McDonald, McGaughey,R. M. McLane,Meacham, Daniel
F.Miller, Moore, Morris, Morton, Nelson, Newell, Ogle,
Olds, Outlaw, Peck, Phoenix, Potter, Putnam, Reed, Rey-
nolds, Rislev, Rockwell, Root, Rose, Rumsey, Sackett,
Schenek, Schermerhorn, Shepperd, Silvester, Spaulding,
Sprague, Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, Tavlor, James
Thompson, Thurman, Underbill, Van Dyke, Vinton, Wal-
den, Waldo, Watkins, Wentworth, White, and Whittlesey
—116.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Ashe, Averett, Bayly, Beale,
Bocock, Bowdon, Brisbin, William J. Brown, Burt, George
A. Caldwell, Cartter, W. R. W. Cobb, Colcock, Daniel,
Banner, Dimmick, Edmundson, Ewing, Featherston,
Freedley, Fuller, Gerry, Gorman, Green, Hall, Hamilton,
Hammond, Isham G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas
L. Harris, Hibbard, Hoagland, Holladay, Joseph W. Jack-
son, Andrew Johnson, Jones, La Sfere, Littlefield, Job
Mann, Mason, McDowell, McQueen, McWillie, Meade,
Millson, Morse, Orr, Parker, Peaslee, Penn, Phelps, Pow-
ell, Robbins, Robinson, Ross, Savage, Seddon, Richard H.
Stanton, Stetson, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, John B.
Thompson, Toombs, Wallace, Wellborn, Wildrick, Wil-
liams, Wilmot, and Woodward—70.
So the House refused to suspend the rules.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the rules be suspend-
ed, and the House resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union on the
special order.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, demanded tell-
ers; but the House refused to order them.
The question was taken on the motion to sus-
pend the rules, and decided in the affirmative—
a yea 169, noes not counted.
So the rules were suspended, and
The House accordingly resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Meade in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the deficiency appropriation bill.
The clause making appropriation for the con-
tingent expenses in the office of the First Auditor,
being under consideration,
Mr. ROBINSON moved to add at the end there-
of the following:
For compensation to clerks employed by the Secretary
of the Treasury in the Third Auditor's office, on the ex-
amination of muster and pay rolls of the war of 1812, and
Indian wars, in addition to an undrawn balance of appro-
priation for the month of July last, $13,000.
For contingencies incident thereto, such as printing,
binding rolls, desks, office furniture, and labor, $500.
Mr. ROBINSON. Mr. Chairman, that item is
in pursuance of the estimates sent by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to the Committee of Ways
and Means. I wish gentleman on both sides of
the House to understand that this is what the Sec- ,
tary of the Treasury and the Third Auditor say
is necessary, in the way of money, to carry into
effect this bounty land law. I call upon every one
who voted for its passage, to come forward and
vote the necessary means to carry it into execu-
tion. It is the first time, I think, in the history of
this Government when the Congress of the United
States, after passing a law, refuse to vote the
means necessary to carry it into operation.
Mr. BURT, (interrupting.) 1 rise to a point of
order. I submit, Mr. Chairman, that the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Robinson} is not in order. The appropriation
asked for is not authorized by any existing law.
This is an appropriation bill, intended to supply
deficiencies in appropriations for objects recognized
as existing laws. Tnere cannot be in this case any
deficiency under the existing laws, because these !
appointments for which we are asked to provide
have not been recognized by Congress.
Mr. ROBINSON said: It is to carry into effect
the existing law; and it is certainly a deficiency
for which the last Congress should have provided, i
If this amendment is not in order, I do not know
what is.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is in
order.
Mr. ROBINSON. It is very remarkable to me,
Mr. Chairman, that this proposition to give the
ways and means to carry this law into effect should
be opposed at every step—points of order, if noth-
ing else will avail. As far as I am concerned, I
have done my duty, and it is for this House to say
whether they will do theirs.
Mr. DUNHAM. I voted for the bounty land
law of last session. I am at all times ready to
vote for the means to carry the law into effect, and
for this purpose I had intended to vote for the bill
reported for this purpose from the select commit-
tee by my colleague a few days since. But, sir, if
I understand this amendment correctly, I cannot
vote for it. My friend [Mr. Robinson] calls upon
this House to sanction the most impudent case of
usurpation ever known in the history of this Gov-
ernment. Congress adjourned in September last,
and some of these clerks were called into employ-
ment in the Department shortly afterwards.
Mr. ROBINSON. This clause says not one
word about the legality of appointment of the
clerks. It contains nothing of the kind. Its only
purpose is to provide the ways and means for car-
rying the law into effect.
Mr. DUNHAM. I do not understand that to
be the only effect of the amendment; for here are
clerks appointed without authority of law, and
this House is asked to come forward, and by their
voluntary act, to vote the money necessary to pay
them. I ask gentlemen, if authorizing their pay-
ment is not, to all intents and purposes, a sanction
of their unauthorized appointment by the Secretary
of the Interior ? With what kind of consistency
can gentlemen vote for this appropriation, if they
do not approve the conduct of the Secretary in
making the appointments ? We ratify the appoint-
ment by paying the officers.
Sir, as I was about to remark, while Congress
was in session, if it was necessary to employ this
additional force of clerks, why did not the Secre-
tary show the necessity for it, and inform us that
the number of clerks was not sufficient to do the
work? Yet, instead of doing this, this officer has
let the matter go over the adjournment, and now
asks this House to sanction the appointments he
has made during the vacation.
Mr. ROBINSON. I want to know what op-
portunity the Secretary of the Interior had, after
the passage of the law of the last session, to come
here and ask for additional clerks ?
Mr. DUNHAM. Some of these clerks, I un-
derstand, were employed before the passage of
the law. I want to know by what authority they
were employed, and what necessity there was for
their appointment ? I answer the gentleman's
question by asking him one. Congress adjourned
in September last, and it was to meet again on the
first Monday of December, an interim of only two
months occurring. From the Secretary's own
showing, the forms have not been printed, so as to
require the employment of these additional clerks.
The information I have upon the subject is, that
they have been out of employment waiting for
these very forms to be printed. And yet, when
there was only an interim of two months, instead
1 of waiting until Congress met again to get its
sanction for the employment of these thirty-seven
| clerks, they are appointed without its sanction
and without the authority of law.
Why, sir, 1 understand that some of them have
been appointed since the commencement of this
session, and some of them were employed but a
few days before its commencement. I ask this
House, whether it has ever seen a more barefaced
and impudent usurpation of power? I believe
that its parallel can scarcely be found in the history
of this Government. While Congress is in session,
executive officers of the Government choose to
employ just whatever number of clerks they deem
necessary, without asking theconsent of Congress,
and when no immediate necessity exists for it. It
certainly would have been a sufficient excuse for
the Secretary fo^phe non-fulfillment of the law,
that there was not a sufficient force of clerks au-
thorized by law to carry it into execution.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MASON. Mr. Chairman 
The CHAIRMAN. Has the gentleman from
Kentucky an amendment to offer?
Mr. MASON. I have. I move to amend the
amendment by adding " one hundred dollars " to
the sum proposed to Toe appropriated, so as to in-
crease it to twelve thousand one hundred dollars.
Mr. M. continued. It seems to me that this
House is laboring under a misapprehension in re-
gard to the employment of these clerks. I was a
I member of this celebrated committee appointed to
devise ways and means for carrying the bounty
; land law into effect.
I In our investigations on this subject, we con-
ferred with some of the heads of that Department
in relation to it. One thing I recollect distinctly:
the Secretary of the Interior informed us that he
had employed these clerks upon condition that
they should rely upon an appropriation by Con-
?ress for their pay. He violated no law in this,
t was distinctly understood that in case Congress
made no appropriation, those clerks should receive
no pay. My friend from Indiana [Mr. Dunham]
may be assured there was no usurpation of power
in this. They were simply employed by the Sec-
retary of the Interior upon condition that they had
no official appointment until their appointment
was recognized by Congress. The Secretary of
the Interior believed that Congress would provide
the ways and means for carrying into effect a law
which it had passed. And so far from condem-
j ning the Secretary of the Interior for this course, I
approve of it. I think he has manifested a dispo-
sition by so doing, to carry out that law of the
people expressed by them through Congress in the
passage of the law. And for one I am willing to
vote an appropriation for the payment of those
clerks.
As to the delay in not carrying this law into ef-
fect, I have nothing to say. I offer no excusefor any
public officer for not performing a service which he
ought to have performed. The reason he gives
for this delay may be very good, but he has not
performed his duty by carrying this law into ef-
fect; and I will here say nothing in regard to the
question, whether the reasons he gives for the de-
lay are or are not sufficient. It seems to me, also,
I that the business of the Department might be trans-
acted with fewer clerks, but the heads of the De-
i partment think otherwise, and we cannot under-
! take to judge for them.
My colleague from Kentucky [Mr. Marshall]
the other day expressed some astonishment that
this law had not been carried into effect more speed-
ily, and stated that he believed it to result from
a neglect of duty on the part of the officers who
were charged with the execution of this law.
Now I do not see any reason for this astonish-
ment. You well recollect that the party now in
power are not celebrated for working hard. Some
of my friends who were members of that select
committee, may remember that very little work
comparatively is performed in any Department
under the Government. The Whigs have nad very
little practice under the Government, hence their
inefficiency. Perhaps they are excusable on that
ground. I reiterate what I have before said, that
the Whig party are celebrated for working but
little and demanding high salaries.
Mr. McMULLEN. Mr. Chairman, it has
been my pleasure generally to agree with my
friend from Indiana [Mr. Dunham] in the action
on the various questions which have come up in
this body. The gentleman from Indiana has
usdally distinguished himself by his industry,
economy, and ability, but I think upon this occa-
sion he has failed to evince the usual ability by
which his actions have been heretofore character-
ized. According to my recollection, during the
last session of Congress some of the heads of De-
partments had appointed clerks without authority
of law, but not certainly in violation of precedent;
for 1 understand it has been the practice of this
Government, since its foundation, to employ such
[; a number of additional clerks as the public interest
: demanded.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
the gentleman as speaking in favor of the propo-
i sition. If so, he is out of order.
! Mr. McMullen. No , sir, I am not in favor
! of that amendment. I was proceeding to speak
against it. .
! The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understood the
gentleman to speak in favor of the amendment.
The gentleman from Virginia will proceed.
Mr. McMULLEN. Mr. Chairman, I do not
think we should condemn the action of the Secre-
