340
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 27,
[Here the Chairman's hammer fell.] j
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Averett to the amendment, and it was
rejected.
Mr. VINTON said he would like to have the
letter of the Secretary of the Treasury t« the
Committee of Ways and Means, to which refer-
ence was made in the letter of the Third Auditor,
recommending this appropriation, read. And lie
asked to have it read because he believed that his
colleague mistook the letter.
The CHAIRMAN stated that no remarks were
now in order.
Mr. TAYLOR was understood to ask if his
colleague [Mr. Vinton] did not refer to the letter
of the Third Auditor ?
Mr. VINTON said: It is not the letter of the
Third Auditor to the Secretary of the Treasury,
but that of the Secretary of the Treasury to the
Committee of Ways and Means, that 1 wish to be
read.
Mr. DUNHAM inquired if there was any
amendment pending?
The CHAIRMAN inquired if there was any
objection to the reading of the letter referred to by
the gentleman from Ohio ? [Mr. Vinton.]
Mr. DUNHAM said: If, as I understand, there
is no pending amendment, I move to reduce the
appropriation to $1,000.
Mr. BAYLY said: I thought that I had placed
the letter referred to by the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Vinton] in the hands of the gentleman from
ndiana, [Mr. Dunham.] I have it not now in
mv possession.
Mr. DUNHAM said: I should not have ven-
tured to trespass upon the time of the committee
at all, but for some remarks made by the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Taylor,1 calculated to
place me in a false position. My vote,and the
course that I pursued in relation to the bounty
]asd bill of the last session of Congress, will, I
am sure, vindicate me from any charge of showing
a disposition to throw obstacles in the way of its
execution. I do not wish it to go out before the
country that I so. wish to throw obstacles in its
way. I am ready now, and have always been so,
to vote for any number of clerks in any depart-
ment of Government that may be necessary to
enable it to carry on its operations faithfully.
I am, I think, even willing, under all the cir- ,
cumstances of the case, to sanction this appoint- ,
ment of additional clerks; and am willing to sane- j
tion what, strictly considered, may be perhaps a |
little in violation oT law.* But, in return, I ask gen- I
tlemen who argue in favor of this appropriation, |
to explain one thing to me, and that is, that while
this appointment of additional clerks has been !
made, when the committee appointed made their ;
investigations, not a single land warrant had been 1
issued, and only a few had even yet been issued ?
Will gentlemen be kind enough to inform me
what these clerks have been doing since they were
appointed ? Will they be good enough to point
out the great necessity for their appointment with-
out authority of law, unless they were able to
commence the issue of these land warrants ?
Mr. ROBINSON, (interposing.) Let me an-
>wer the gentleman.
Mr. DUNHAM. The gentleman shall have an
opportunity to answer me in reply. I cannot
yield the floor.
Mr. ROBINSON. The gentleman from Indiana
should not ask questions if he does not desire to
receive replies.
Mr. DUNHAM. I cannot yield the floor now
as I have but five minutes, and the gentleman will >
have an opportunity afterwards of replying to me. I
To my friend from Virginia, [Mr. McMullen,] I
am indebted for the high compliment he paid me.
*Hocse of Representatives, January 28,1851.
Sir : In the proceedings of yesterday, as reported in the
" Globe," I am made to say:
"I am, I think, even willing, underall the circumstances
of the ca«e, to sanction this appointment of additional
clerks, and am willing to sanction what, strictly considered,
may be perhaps a little in violation of law."
The Btibstance of what I did say on this point was, that
I wat unwilling to do anything to sanction the appoint-
ment of the clerks which had already been appointed by the
Becretary of the Interior, as I conceived illegally and im-
Smni •' tllat 1 was tflen willing to authorize him to
employ in future such clerical force as might be necessary
to execute the late bounty land law.
mi very respectfully, vour obedient servant,
Editor of the Globe. C. L. ditoham.
I I am sure, had he known my modesty, he would
not have made his compliment quite so public.
[Laughter.] I wish simply to say, that I hope
no objection that I may advance in this House to
the capacity or character of an officer, or of any
transactions in the departments of Government, is
influenced or excited by a difference from me in
political opinion. I stand here as the representa-
tive of the interests of my constituents. I care
not whether their interests be interfered with by
Whigs or Democrats—whether by parties from
Virginia, or from any other State. It is not for
me, or for Congress, in inquiring into transactions
of this kind, to look into the politics and locality
of the officer. If the qualifications and action of
' officers will not bear scrutiny and examination be-
fore this House and the country, I think our
judgment ought to be formed and our action de-
pend irrespective of parties and localities. If an
| officer has the power, and means placed at his dis-
; posal by Congress to execute the laws, and he fails
to do so, Congress should hold him responsible
i, for his not having executed them. I am not the
man to refuse all the aid required, if it is clearly
, demonstrated in this case, that further assistance
was required to execute the law; but I would not
sanction it on other grounds.
Mr. ROBINSON. I think that my colleague
| certainly cannot have given his attention to the
i matter, or he would not have concluded that be-
j cause there have been but few warrants issued,
1 that therefore the clerks in the Department had
! had nothing to do. If the gentleman had read the
report of the committee, he would have found that
1 they have had about as much to do in this Bureau
( as in any other Bureau of the Government.
| They have received in this Department forty
i thousand cases. Four thousand of them have been
I sent from the Pension Office to the Third Auditor's
| office, and three thousand of them have been sent
back after an examination of the rolls in each case.
The Secretary of the Treasury furnished the
Third Auditor with the clerks he required to per-
1 form this labor; and he states now, that the de-
ficiency in his Bureau will amount to $12,500, aijd
asks that Congress make an appropriation to meet
1 this deficiency. All these clerks that are employed
| in the Third Auditor's office, I know, from my
own personal knowledge, to have been fully oc-
cupied, and that they are hard-working industrious
men.
Another word here in reference to the Third
Auditor. The applications that have been referred
to as having been delayed, are in reference to
horse claims, with respect to which I know little.
But this I know, that the rolls that have to be ex-
amined in those claims, are not in the Third Aud-
itor's office, but are under the control and man-
agement of a gentleman of the name of Rind, than
whom there is not a more faithful and industrious
officer in any Department of Government.
Mr. VINTON. The Chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means has found the letter
which I wish to have read, from the Secretary of
the Treasury; and I now ask to have it read. I
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. What is be- '
fore the Committee?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
asks that a letter may be read.
Mr. JOHNSON. I object to the reading of the
letter. •
Mr. VINTON. Then 1 move that the letter be i'
read.
The motion was agreed to, and the Clerk read
the letter from the Secretary of the Treasury. It
is as follows:
Dear Sir : I inclose herewith a letter from the Third
Auditor, asking an additional force in his Bureau.
I am quite sure the additional clerks will be required, if
the business created by the bounty land law of last session 1
is expected to be done within any reasonable time.
Your obedient servant, THO. CORWIN.
Gen. Bayly, Ch'n of Ways and Means, Ho. Reps.
Mr. VINTON. I do not wish to have the let-
ter of the Third Auditor read, for it is the same in
substance as the letter of the Secretary of the
Treasury. I mera^ wished to have the letter of
the Secretary of tm Treasury read, to show that
he recommends this appropriation.
Mr. GORMAN. I wish to inquire how many '
sheets of paper the Third Auditor's letter covers5
The Clerk. Only one.
Mr. GORMAN. It is the shortest letter I have
ever known him to write.
The question was taken on the amendment to the
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
The question then recurred on Mr. Robinson's
amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, moved to amend
the amendment by substituting " §12,000 " for
"$10,000."
The CHAIRMAN. " $12,000" is already ui
the amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then I move to substitute
"$11,000." I am in favor of allowing the De
partment all the assistance asked for, for the exe-
cution of the law passed in September last. I do
not want this Department of the Administration
to have any excuse for not faithfully and promptly
executing the law. They come forward and ask
us to appropriate a certain amount of money to
I pay a certain number of clerks whom they nave
employed, and I am in favor of making the appro-
priation. Whether they may have been employed
with or without the authority of law, is wholly
immaterial to'me. But upon that point, I under-
stand that there has been no usurpation of power.
It was a mere matter of agreement between the
clerks and the head of the Department, and he
now asks that an appropriation shall be made by
Congress to pay those clerks. So far as that is
, concerned, I can see nothing very strange in it. 1
repeat again, that I am in favor of giving sufficient
force to enable the Department to execute the law
I faithfully and efficiently.
Sir, whilst I am in favor of granting this increase
of clerical force,.I am also in favor of the law of the
land, as it now stands, being properly executed in
; relation to clerks in the Departments. You may
go to the departments on business after breakfast,
at half-past nine o'clock, and sometimes at ten,
and find scarcely a man in his place. What is the
law of the land? I say there is some dereliction of
duty on the part of the Head of the Department.
I have here the law, and I will send it to the
Clerk's desk to have it read.
I should not complain of this matter but for the
delay that has occurred Mi the execution of the
law. Let us see how the matter stands. What
is the number of hourB that these gentlemen are en-
gaged? Something like five hours. I should not
complain of this, if it were not that the country is
complaining of the delay in the issue of these war-
rants, and I think that these men should work
more than five hours a day.
The Clerk here read the law referral to by
Mr. Johnson. It is as follows:
" Sec. 12. Jlnd be it further enacted, That from the 1st
day of the month of October until the 1st day of the month
of April in each and every year, the GteneraLLand Office,
and all the bureaus and offices therein, as well as those in
the Departments of the Treasury, War, Navy, State, and
General Post Office, shall be open for the transaction of the
public business at least eight hours in each and every day,
except Sunday and the 25th day of December; and from
the 1st day of April until tfye 1st day of October, in each
year, all the aforesaid offices and bureaus shall be kept
open for the transaction of the public business at least ten
hours in each and every day, except Sundays and the 4th
of July."
Mr. JOHNSON continued: As I understand it,
that is now the law of the land, and vet these gen-
tlemen employ themselves only five hours a day.
A Member. From nine to three; that is six
hours.
Mr. JOHNSON. Some gentlemen say six
hours, but I think that five hours is the average.
Well, the proposition which we hare before us
increases the number of clerks in this Department
some thirty-seven, which, with the number already
there, will make sixty-five clerks. Now, suppose
that the head of the Department was to execute the
law faithfully, and to require these clerks to work
three hours a day more than they now do. Why,
multiply that by sixty-five, and it gives you one
hundred and ninety-five, and then divide that by
five, and it gives you an increase of thirty-nine
clerks. It is proposed to give the Department
thirty-seven additional clerks; and making those
already there work three hours a day more than
they how do, it would be equal to an increase of
seventy-six clerks. Give the Department the in-
crease of clerks asked for, and let them work a
reasonable time, and then the law can be efficient-
ly and promptly executed, and these warrants is-
sued.
Now, sometimes members of Congress get up
up here and talk about the inefficiency of the De-
partment and dereliction of duty on the part of
the Third Auditor, and about waste of time—and
