1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
847
Mr. BORLAND. The same powers are con-
ftfretl m this esse a® are conferred by the general
law. iumI whatever are the duties of inspectors
under the present law will become the duties of
those appointed under the power given to the dis- ■
tnct juilje.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. What struck '
toe as anomalous was the filing of the certificate -
mmmis the records of the court. It belongs to the
business of a collection district. In the first place,
the commander of a boat is required by law to get
an attested copy of his certificate and post it up in
a conspicuous place in the boat itself. In the next
place, it is indis|<ensable, in order to get a license,
that a boat should hare this evidence.
Mr. BORLAND. The Senator will find by the
first section of the bill that the same power is con-
ferred on the inspectors as is conferred on the in-
spectors appointed in collection districts. It says,
" he shall perform all the duties contemplated oy
aatd law." It simply confers the power upon the
district judge to grant additional inspectors with
the same power that other inspectors have.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and
the amendments made in Committee of the Whole
were concurred in.
Mr. CHASE. That bill has now been made
general in its provisions. It was originally a spe-
cial bill for the State of Arkansas alone. It is one
that may affect very seriously the steamboat in-
terest. I represent a community having a large
interest of this kind. I should be glad to exam-
ine this bill further, and I therefore move to lay it
upon the table.
Mr. BADGER. Move to refer it to die Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. CHASE. It is suggested to refer it to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BORLAND. The objection made by the
Senator from Ohio seems to rest on a rather shal-
low foundation. He savs it is likely to conflict
with the interests in his State engaged in building
steamboats.
Mr. CHASE. Will the Senator allow me to
correct him ? 1 made no suggestion that it was
likely to conflict solely with the interests of the
citizens of the State, or a portion of the citizens of
the State which I have the honor in part to repre-
sent; but that it is a bill which, in its present as-
pect, affects the interests of navigation very exten- 1
sively upon the western rivers, and therefore I
thought it best that further opportunity should be
given to examine it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. This act does not affect
the laws which require steamboats to obtain a
license to become registered at all. All the provis-
ions of the laws relating to the registry of vessels
will remain in full force, just as they aid from the
beginning. It does not affect one of them. The
sole effect of this bill is to provide inspectors in the
State of Arkansas, and to allow the certificates of
inspection to be returned to the circuit court in-
stead of being registered, according to the old
law, at the port of entry. It is substituting one
place of deposit for another in the State of Ar-
kansas; and then my amendment simply is to re-
quire the judges to appoint collectors wnere there
are well-established boat-yards more than fifty
miles from the port of entry. It does not affect
the navigating interest at all.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If I understand the bill, I
would like to insert also the State of Illinois, so as
to have the bill apply to that State. There is a
great inconvenience now in connection with this
subject. The present laws of the United States
require that steamboats shall be examined, and
that construction has been applied to steam ferry-
boats; and we have to take them a great distance
sometimes to be examined.
Mr. BORLAND. I concur fully with the Sen-
ator from Illinois in the views he has presented;
but his object is accomplished by the amendment'
of the Senator from Kentucky. But the other
consideration which he presents, and which did
not occur to me, shows more clearly the import-
ance of the passage of the bill. Now, if the boat
stops at any town where there are persons quali-
fied to make repairs upon the boat, she cannot run
again until she has been inspected; whereas if this
power of appointing inspectors be given to the
judges, boats can be repaired in any of our waters,
and get certificates of inspection, and go at once
into trade.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to say that this bill
has already been submitted to the Committee on
Commerce, and has been reported back again.
And I will say, in addition, that it was not re-
ported back until we had conferred with the Treas-
ury Department upon the terms of the bill; and I
am authorized to say that the terms of the amend-
ment correspond with what, in the opinion of the
Department, was necessary in a case like that in
Arkansas. The provision adopted only makes it
general. There is, however, a single view taken
by the Senator from Massachusetts, which may
have force in it, but which can be obviated by an
amendment which will do no harm; and that is,
to insert after the word "issued," in the eighth
line of the second section, the words, " and with
the collectors of the port where said boat is regis-
tered." I therefore move that amendment.
Mr. CHASE. After the statement made by
the chairman of the Committee on Commerce, I
will withdraw my motion to refer it to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
ThePRESlDENT. The amendments made in
Committee of the Whole have been concurred in,
and it is not strictly in order to receive the amend-
ment of the Senator from Maine.
Mr. HAMLIN. This is to amend the bill in
another place.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will receive the
motion.
Mr. HAMLIN. I will explain the amendment
in a single word. The second section provides
that the certificate shall be lodged with the judge
of the circuit court. I am inclined to think that
the power to lodge the certificate with the judge
cannot be allowed under the existing laws. This
amendment will certainly obviate that difficulty,
and, with that amendment, I can see no objection
to the bill.
The amendment was agreed to, and the bill
was then ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing.
LARD TITLES IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. GWIN. I now move to postpone the spe-
cial orders for the purpose of taking up Senate bill
346, being " A bill to ascertain and settle the pri-
vate land claims in the State of California."
Mr. DOWNS. I dislike to oppose anything
which cotnes from the Senator from California;
but I have a special order also, which is much
older than his, and it is one in which my State is
very greatly interested, and I recollect the old
proverb that "charity begins at home." I think
my bill is in about as good a situation as his, and
though I am willing to yield to him, on all proper
occasions, yet, inasmuch as mine is an older spe-
cial order, and he has had one turn in the consid-
eration of his, I think it fair that mine should come
up first. I think turn and turn about is fair play.
Though I do it with great reluctance, I ask that
my bill be taken up. It is one which relates to
the swamp lands in Louisiana.
Mr. GWIN. This bill Was reported from the
Judiciary Committee, of which the Senator from
Louisiana is a member. The Senator from Geor-
gia [Mr. Berrien] asked that it might be the
special order for this day, and it was so ordered.
I only move to take np the bill in accordance with
a resolution of the Senate, as asked by the Sena-
tor from Georgia.
Mr. DOWNS. If I understand the rules cor-
rectly, the special orders take rank as they stand.
It is with that view that I made the objection to
the motion of the Senator from California. If it
be a rule that when a bill is made the special or-
der for a particular day it takes precedence of all
other special -orders at that time, then I must sub-
mit. I have also understood that these special or-
ders must be taken up according to their dates.
It is very true that the Committee on the Judi-
ciary reported this bill a few days ago; but it is
also true that a committee of equal dignity—the
Committee on Private Land Claims—reported my
bill at the last session; so I think I have the pri-
ority at every point. Really, I hope the Senator
will allow us to proceed with the bill to which I
have referred.
The question being taken on the motion of Mr.
Gwm, and a division being called for, there were—
ayes 24, noes 13.
So the motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The bill has been re-
ported by the Committee on the Judiciary with
an amendment to strike out all after the enacting
clause, and insert what will be read by the Secre-
tary.
The bill as amended was accordingly read, and
it was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BERRIEN said there are certain minor
amendments rendered necessary for the correction
of some errors in the printing of the bill.
The several amendments were stated and con-
curred in.
Mr. BERRIEN. I propose the following
amendment in the tenth line of the fourteenth sec-
tion; to insert after the word " towns" the words
" or where the land on which said city, town, or
village is situated, was originally granted by an
individual, the claim shall be presented by or in
the name of such individual."
The object of the section is to prevent the pro-
visions of" this act from applying to any town lot,
farm lot, or pasture lot, held under a grant from
any corporation to which lands may nave been
granted for the establishment of a town, by the
Spanish or Mexican Government, or the lawful
authorities thereof, nor city, or town, or village
lot, which city, town, or village existed on the
seventh day of July, eighteen hundred and forty-
six.
My information is that besides the city, town,
and village lots constituted under grants from
the Spanish and Mexican Governments, there ara
places existing in California which have been
founded by individuals, and which rest upon the
title of an individual. The object of this amend-
ment is to relieve each individual lot-holder in each
case from the necessity of going before these com-
missioners, and from pursuing his case to the
Supreme Court, and allowing the claim to be pre-
sented by corporation, and in the next place by or
in the name of the individual under whom the lot-
holder holds.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BERRIEN. I propose to amend the bill
in the same section by inserting after the words
" forty-six" the words " being duly proved."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BERRIEN. I propose another amend-
ment, in the first line of the fifteenth section, by
inserting the word " fined" after the word " the.
The provision is that the decrees rendered by the
commissioners shall be conclusive only against
the United States. The amendment makes the
: final decrees conclusive only against the United
States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BERRIEN. I have now to say, as briefly
as I can, that the committee have draughted this
bill with a view to carry out what was supposed
to be the intention of the Senate. It provides, in
the first place, for the organization of a commis-
sion, to which shall be intrusted the duty and
power of examining the several private claims to
land within the State of California. This com-
mission, it is proposed, shall consist of three per-
sons, to be appointed by the President of the Uni-
ted States, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, and that it shall continue for the term
of three years, unless sooner discontinued by the
President of the United States. It is proposed to
invest these commissioners, acting as«a board,
with the power to appoint a secretary, skilled in the
Spanish and English languages, whose duty it
will be to act as interpreter before the board, and
preserve a record of its proceedings, which record
shall be kept in a bound book, and on the termi-
nation of the commission, be deposited in the of-
fice of the Secretary of the Interior. The com-
mission is further authorized, by the provisions of
the bill, to appoint such clerks, not exceeding five
in number, as they may deem necessary.
In the further organization of the commission,
or rather in providing for the execution of its
powers, it is proposed that the President of the
Uniteid States shall be authorized to appoint a law
agent—a person learned in the law, and skilled in
the Spanish and English languages—whose duty
it shall be to attend the board during its sittings,
and attend to all examinations which may be had
before the board, or before either commissioner
separately. The section which provides for his
1 appointment, also provides that nodeposition shall
be read in evidence, either before the commission-
ers or before the district or supreme court, unless
notice of the time and place of taking such depo-
sition shall be given to the attorney of the United
States in time sufficient to enable him to be present
