350
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 27,
claimant, you bring in interested parties, as many
as may please to come, with as many lawyers as
they please, to join their interests in the case, to
defeat, by every means,fair and foul, the claimant.
This is what the bill does, or proposes to do.
The United States and the coniestors are to hunt in
a gang—get the game, if they can, and by any
means they can; and when got, the "contestors
to take all. Was such a thing ever heard of be-
fore ?
But let us proceed. The section goes on to pro-
vide that a copy of the petition " shall be served
upon the adverse party thirty days before the
meeting of the court to which it is returnable, and
the subsequent proceedings thereon shall be the
same as in the other civil cases." What an anom-
aly ! Board of commissioners and nisi prius at
the same time! See how it works. You create
a board to inquire into titles, and a tribunal to try
private titles. You institute a commission to in-
quire, and confound it with a court to try titles,
and without a jury. Sir, what has become of the
efforts of civilized man to protect his righ ts ? What
has become of the constitutions, of the legislation,
of the civilization, at least of Great Britain and the
United States, since the time of the Magna Charta,
six hundred years ago ? Since that great enact-
ment, it has been provided in all parts of the Uni-
ted States, that no man shall be deprived of his
life, liberty, or property without due course of
law. We know that the meaning of this "due
course of law" has been established by all the
commentators upon the subject. It includes the
jury trial, and a trial by existing laws. There is,
too, a clause in the Constitution of the United
States that a man shall not be deprived of his prop-
erty to the value of twenty dollars without a trial
by jury. And yet here is to be constituted an ex-
temporaneous tribunal—no jury, not even a court
of record, unless that be inferred—here is an ex-
temporaneous court, a special tribunal, set up for
a special purpose, and invested with the power of
trying land titles between the people and the coun-
try, and their anomalous powers to be transferred
to the United States district courts, and thence to
the Supreme Court of the United States. At the
same time these interjected suits are no bar to oth-
ers. The party may be sued in ejectment or tres-
' pass. There is to be concurrent action; there is
nothing to limit these attacks on a man. Not only
may he be sued in one court, but he can be sued in
every court, and the trials may be going on at the
Bame time in every one of them.
What are " the other civil cases" to which this
applies? The section says that " the subsequent
proceedings thereon shall be the same as in the
other civil cases."
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Norris in 1
the chair.) The Chair would inform the Senator
that the word " the" has been stricken out, so as
to leave it, " as in other civil cases."
Mr. BENTON. "The" is then stricken out.
That is one of the "verbal" alterations. As I
said before, there have been so many alterations
made to the bill that I do not exactly know how
it is now. But the " the" is stricken out; that I
am told from the Chair; and what before had the
definite article, now has the indefinite article, or no
article at all. What before might have had some
limit or boundary is now boundless and illimitable.
I thought before it would be confined to " the other
civil cases," meaning some civil cases which apply
to the lands in the same court; but it is now thrown
open to the whole process of civil procedure—
whatsoever it may be, or whatsoever it may be
claimed to be, or whatsoever the judge shall sup-
pose it to be. The striking out of that little article
has made the thing far worse than it was before, I
and God knows it was bad enough before. j
Then, Mr. President, by way of capping the
climax, there comes a clause—the fifteenth section
—which declares that thedecrees rendered by these
commissioners, or by the District or Supreme
Court of the United States under this act, shall be !
conclusive only between the United States and the
party, and not between the party and any other
claimant. And now, in the name of all that is rea-
sonable—in the name of all the reason that is
extant at this time upon the face of the globe 
why will you allow all these suits to be carried on
against the party, when in two sections afterwards
you say these decisions are to have no effect at all?
The fifteenth section is utterly contradictory to the
provision which I have read. Is it, can it be the
j intention, after all this contest in the courts, after
all these trials between <he squatters, speculators,
and contestants, and those who are in possession
' —after all that, and after the judge has entered his
decree, it is to have no effect at all ? The provision
is, "that thedecrees rendered by the said com-
* missioners, or by the District or Supreme Court
1 ' of the United States, under this act, shall be con-
' elusive between the United States and the said
' claimants only." This word only was one ly in
the old Saxon, and is stronger than only; but
"only" is strong enough in this case. It limits
the effect of the decree to the United States. It de-
cides the case for her, and for the claimant against
her; but not third persons. The words are:
" And shall not affect the interests of third per-
sons." Why try the suits of other persons if
their interests are not to be affected ? What is the
necessity for this provision, if it is not to harass
the old settlers and drive them mad with the liti-
gation which is to be accumulated upon them; and
after al. nothing is decided between themselves and
the other parties? Sir, this seems to be a contra-
diction—an oversight—a confusion of enactments
—one killing the other—the last one proper, the
first absurd and ruinous.
Mr. President, to what days have we got flack?
j To what times have we returned ? I know of
none—no time in which anything was done so
cruel as this method of depriving people of their
property. A plain and direct act of confiscation
would be merciful compared to this slow plunder,
under legal forms; for that would be soon over,
at once, and the parties could go about trying to
gain their living in another way. These people
were conquered first and purchased afterwards;
purchased with stipulations of protection, and con-
quered under a proclamation promising protec-
tion—protection to life, liberty, property, and re-
ligion. Antecedent to such treaty stipulations and
such proclamations, there existed the law of na-
tions—civilized nations. By that law of civilized
nations, property is to be protected, and an in-
choate title to real estate is property; and posses-
sion is the index of property, and is the right of
possession, even to the extent of killing a man
that forcibly intrudes upon it. We are going to
give everybody a right to do that to the old set-
tlers, for which, according to the law of civilized
nations, they would have a right to kill a man
for doing. No man's possession is to be forced.
Every man's house is his castle! So said the
great Englishman who said that the homely Latin
of magna charta was worth all the classics: '' Every
' man's house is his castle—not that it is sur-
' rounded with walls and battlements. It may be
'a straw-built cottage. Every'wind of heaven
; ' may whistle through it; all the elements of hea-
' ven may enter it; but the King cannot, the King
' dare not enter it." This is the language of an
Englishman speaking of Englishmen; and we de-
scendfrom that blood, and speak that language, and
have cabin castles as well as they. The King can-
not force a possession—cannot violate a possession
—might be shot and killed if he attempted it. So
with us. Every man has a right to defend his
possession—to keep intruders out of his house—
to warn them out of his fields—to warn them off
his land; and if a contest comes on in defence of
his possession, he has a right to defend unto the
death—a right to kill. This bill, under forms of
law, is carrying us back to barbarian ages, when
wars were for private plunder instead of national
conquest. I will read from Vattel:
" In the conquests of ancient times even individuals lost
their lands. Nor is it matter of surprise that, in the first
ages of Rome, such a custom should have prevailed. The
wars of that era were carried on between popular repub-
lics and communities. The State possessed very little, and
the quarrel was in reality the common cause of all the citi-
zens. But at present war is less dreadful in its conse-
quences to the subject. Matters are conducted with more
humanity; one sovereign makes war against another sov-
ereign, and not against the unarmed citizens. The con-
queror seizes on the possessions of the State, the public
property, while private individuals are permitted to retain
theirs. They suffer but indirectly by the war, and the con-
quest only subjects them to new masters."—Book 3, tee.
200, Vattel.
Yes, sir, in the old barbarian times to which
Vattel referred, wars were more individual than
national. Those who went to war did so with the
view of getting what was called plunder; and
among that plunder was the landed possessions of
the conquered people. This was the idea of those
old times, and this bill is reviving that idea—calling ,
it up from the sleep of two thousand years in
which it has lain, for the purpose of giving it oper-
ation in California, and allowing every possessor
of land there to be intruded on by every person
that chooses to intrude upon him, and try to take
his land from him under the forms of law. In
this process we know that the forms of law are
part of the mischief. Terror, violence will do a
great deal, when men find that all their lands have
to be contended for against all new comers, and
they find a hundred thousand new comers, every
one of whom has a right to enter upon their lands
and contend for them. Certainly, only a small
part will do it, but enough to spread terror and
ruin. The bill, bad as it has been made by this
substitute of the committee, horrible as it is, and
destructive as it would be to the old inhabitants, is
but a trifle compared with the terror and despair
which it would spread among the people. It would
require an American, a brave-hearted American,
to contend for his property under such circum-
stances. It Would require a man who has more
courage them most others—one of those who, like
Hampden, would resist the payment of twenty
shillings, unrighteously demanded at the risk of
life and fortune—it would require Americans of
that kind to resist these constant attacks. But
what is to become of the old inhabitants, who are
proverbially afraid of lawsuits, few in number,
helpless, speaking a different language, professing
a different religion? What is to become of them,
a few thousands, when they see all America, it
may be, turned loose upon them—for all America
may go there to contend for their lands, either to
law them or scare them out of them. These pro-
ceedings lead to the loss of property, to its transfer
to new comers, and operate in the end like the old
barbarian wars for plunder.
But to go on with Vattel. He says:
" But if the entire state be conquered, if the nation be
subdued, in what manner can the victor treat it, without
transgressing the bounds of justice ? What are his rights
over the conquered country ? Some have dared to advance
this moustrous principle, that the conqueror is absolute
master of his conquest—that he may dispose of it as his
property—that he may treat it as tie pleases, according
to the common expression of treating a state as a con-
quered country; and hence they derive one of the sources
of despotic government." "But, disregarding such writers,
who reduce men to the state of transferable goods or beasts
of burden—who deliver them up as the property or patri-
mony of another man—let us argue on principles counte-
nanced by reason and conformable to humanity."—Vattel,
book 3, sec. SOI.
This is the law of nations—this the law of
civilization. A conquered people have rights—
rights of life, liberty, property, and religion. No
man could openly propose a law to violate ex-
pressly these rights; but this proposed bill is to
work a violation of the rights of property by the
harassing process to which it is to be subjected.
I shall, in my opposition to this bill, endeavor
; to conduct that opposition upon the modern prin-
ciples stated by Vattel—on principles " coun-
tenanced by reason, and conformable to human-
ity," and conformable to what has been declared
by the Supreme Court of the United States, that
property cannot be legislated away from its own-
ers. The law of nations says that an imperfect
title is property; that the possessor has a right to
possession until the question is decided whether
or not it is such a title as the new sovereignty is
i bound to perfect. The Supreme Court lays it
down expressly that the new sovereign is bound
to perfect an inchoate title in every case in which,
according to the laws, usages, and customs of the
country from which the title was derived, it might
be perfected. The Supreme Court has said that
Congress cannot, by any act, legislate away any
man s property. When saying this, the Supreme
Court spoke legally—spoke law. But Congress
can in effect destroy the property of any person.
Let it institute a set of onerous and vigorous pro-
ceedings against his property; let it subject him to
a set of petitions ana double trials; let it harass
the owners of property: no matter if the Supreme
Court should in the end say all the proceedings
were illegal, yet in point of fact the result is the
destruction of the property. It is consumed in the
expenses incident to the efforts to defend it. It is
left to fall into dilapidation. The owner is sick at
heart and unable to cultivate when he does not
know who is to gather. He becomes the prey of
a set of land sharks, whose business is to go to
every man whom they find alarmed about his
property and endeavor to convince him that all is
lost, and wish him to divide with them or to sell
