THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON
BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS
$1 50 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 30, 1851.
New Series No. 23.
gives to the nation the products of his labor. I ask
if the advantage in such an arrangement is not on
the side of the Government ?
This same section provides that the preemptor
shall not sell the land; that he shall pay taxes on
it in the State where it is; and that his continuous
absence for six months shall be regarded as an
abandonment of his rights. I object to permitting
the preemptor to sell either the land or his improve-
ment on it, chiefly because I desire to give perma-
nence to the settlements, and becausel would secure
the man against misfortune, and against his own
improvidence. If allowed to sell, by accident, mis-
fortune, or bad management, he may be involved
in debt and induced to give up his home, and turn
his family out of doors to satisfy the importunities
of his creditor. For the same reason, I propose
to exempt the land from execution sale, and from
every other species of legal interference or incum-
brance. The proposition to subject it to taxation
is inserted as an act of justice to the States within
which the public lands lie. The right of taxation
is one so essential to the prosperity of the States,
that I could not consent to limit it even if we had
the power.
I suppose no one will dispute that an abandon-
ment of the land should cause a reversion to the
United States without incumbrance. Six months
absence I propose to consider conclusive evidence
of an intention to abandon the premises.
I am asked, if a man renders land valuable by
his labor, and yet finds it to his interest to emi-
grate, must he give up his labor ? Certainly not.
The fourth section of the substitute provides that
he may at his discretion purchase the land at any
time by paying one dollar and a quarter per acre
for it. Suppose he makes it worth three, five, ten
or twenty dollars per acre: my proposition al-
lows him to acquire a perfect title, by paying one
dollar and a quarter per acre, and he may then sell
it and packet the difference.
The fifth section protects the rights of the pre-
emptor, and secures them to his wife and children
in case of his death. It will be seen that as the
children respectively come of age, they lose, by
my substitute, their rights in the homestead; and
■why ? Because when of age they may take a home
for themselves, as their fathers did beforethem; and
because it is my design to encourage them in doing
so. My substitute provides that in case both the
father and mother die, leaving infant children, then
the homestead shall be sold for the benefit of these
children. Infant children could not maintain pos-
session, and their dependent condition entitles them
to the benefit of their father and mother's labor.
Such is a very brief explanation of the provis-
ions of this substitute. I have given to the subject
a good deal of thought, and I am well satisfied
that if it receives the favor of Congress, it will be
found to confer more benefits on the toiling mil-
lions than any poposition now or heretofore sub-
mitted for our consideration.
1 have not proposed to give away the public
lands. I only propose to permit settlements on
them, and to secure the settler in the possession
against all interference from every quarter. If the
object be to secure every family a home, my sub-
stitute accomplishes that object, and does it most i
effectually. If the object be to give every family a j
farm, I am opposed to it. This Government has
no right to make gifts to individuals of property,
which they may squander at pleasure. If a man !
wants to sell land, he ought first to pay for it; if
he only wants it for his own use, my bill secures
it to him against the world. I will not detain the
House with any further remarks, but I give notice
that when it is in order to do so, I will offer this
paper as a substitute for the original bill.
Mr. McCLERNAND called for the previous
question.
. Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, said that he sup-
posed if the previous question was seconded, no
other amendment or motion would be in order.
The SPEAKER. No amendment will be in
order and no debate is in order, until the previous
question is disposed of.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, withdrew his
23
motion to refer the bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. VINTON said that the motion to refer to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union being withdrawn, he would move to lay
the bill on the table.
On the question of laying the bill on the table,
the yeas and nays were asked for and ordered;
and the question being taken, resulted—yeas 78,
nays 90—-as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ashe, Averett, Bayly, Bocock, Bokee,
Booth, Bowie, Boyd, I!reck, Burt, George A. Caldwell,
Joseph P. Caldwell, Cartter, Casey, Clarke, Clingman,
Colcock, Daniel, Deberry, Diminick, Dixon, Duncan, Ed-
mundson, Alexander Evans, Freedley, Fuller, Gerry, Good-
enow, Grinnell, Hamilton, Hammond, Hayniond, Henry,
, Hibbard, Holladay, Houston, Howard, Joseph W. Jack-
\ son, William T. Jackson, Robert W. Johnson, Kaufman,
1 Kerr, George G. King, James G. King, John A. King,
] Levin, Marshall, McKissock, McQueen, Meacham, Meade,
Millson, Morton, Nelson, Orr, Outlaw, Parker, Peaslee,
j Peck, Phelps, Reed, Ross, Sawtelle, Silvester, Richard H.
| Stanton, Stetson, Strong, Taylor, John B. Thompson,
I Thurman, Van Dyke, Vinton, Walden, Waldo, Wallace,
i Wellborn, White, and Woodward—78.
1 NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Allen, Ander-
son, Bay, Bell, Bennett, Bingham, Briggs, Brisbin, Brooks,
Albert G. Brown, Burrows, Butler, E. C. Cabell, Joseph
Cable, Calvin, Campbell, Chandler, AV. R. W. Cobb,
Cole, Conger, Corwin, Crowell, Danner, Dickey, Doty,
Dunham, Dtirkee, Ewing, Featheraton, Fitch, Gentry,
Giddings, Gilbert, Gorman, Gott, Gould, Green, Hall, Har-
lan, Isham G. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Hay, Hilliard,
Hoagland, Hunter, Inge, Andrew Johnson, Jones, Julian,
Leffler, Horace Mann, Job Mann, Matteson, McClernand,
McLanahan, Robert M. McLane, Finis E. McLean, Mc-
Mullen, Daniel F. Miller, Moore, Morris, Newell, Olds,
Penn, Pitman, Potter, Powell, Putnam, Reynolds, Risley,
Robbins, Robinson, Rockwell, Reot, Rose, Sackett, Savage,
Spaulding, Sprague, Frederick P. Stanton, Thomas, Under-
bill, Watkins, Wentworth, Wildrick, Williams, Wright,
and Young—90.
Messrs. HOWE and FOWLER being without
the bar when their names were called, asked the
unanimous consent of the House to record their
votes.
Mr. JONES objected.
So the motion to lay the bill on the table was
not agreed to.
Mr. ASHMUN inquired what was the pending
question ?
The SPEAKER stated that the pending ques-
tion was on seconding the demand for the previous
question.
On this question Mr. BURT demanded tellers;
and they were ordered, and Messrs. Sawtelle
and Williams were appointed.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, inquired whether
it would be in order for him to offer his substitute
to the bill, if the previous question were seconded ?
The SPEAKER said it would not.
Mr. BROWN said he hoped it would not be
seconded.
The vote being taken, it resulted—ayes 44,
noes 81.
So the previous question did not receivea second.
Mr. CONGER moved to refer the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and demanded the previous question on that mo-
tion.
The previous question having received a second,
the mam question was ordered, which main ques-
tion was on the motion to refer the' bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
On which question Mr. WENTWORTH de-
manded the yeas and nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON,, of Tennessee, expressed the
hope that the bill would not be committed as pro-
posed, for it would be tantamount to its rejection,
so far as this session was concerned.
The question being taken, it resulted—yeas 121,
nays 64—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ashe, Averett, Bayly, Bennett, Bocock,
Bokee, Booth, Bowie, Boyd, B reck, Briggs, Brisbin, Brooks,
Bullard, Burrows, Burt, Butler, E. C. Cabell, George A.
Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvin, Cartter, Casey,
Clarke, Clingman, Colcock, Conger, Corwin,Crowell, Dan-
iel, Danner, Deberry, Dimmick, Dixon, Duncan, Edmund-
son, Eliot, Alexander Evans, Featherston, Fowler, Freed-
ley, Fuller, Gentry, Goodenow, Gould, Grmnell, Hallo way,
Hamilton, Hammond, Hampton, Haralson, Isham G. Har-
ris, Sampson W. Harris; Thomas L. Harris, Haymond,
Hebard, Henry, Hibbard, Holladay, Howe, Inge, Joseph
W. Jackson, William T. Jackson, Robert W. Johnson,
Julian, Kaufman, Kerr, George G. King, James G. King,
John A. King, Leffler, Levin, Horace Mann, Job Mann,
Marshall, Mason, McDowell, McKissock, F. E. McLean,
McQueen, Meacham, Meade, Millson, Morehead, Morton,
Nelson, Orr, Otis, Outlaw, Parker, Peaslee, Phelps, Ph«-
nix, Pitman, Powell, Putnam, Reed, Rose, Ross, Rumsey,
Savage, Sawtelle, Schenck, Schermerhorn, Silvester, Stan-
ly, Richard H. Stanton, Stetson, Strong, Taylor, James
Thompson, John B. Thompson, Underbill, Van Dyke, Vin-
ton, Walden, Waldo, Wallace, Wellborn, Wildrick, and
Woodward—121.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Allen, Anderson,
A&hmun, Bay, Bell, Bingham, Albert G. Brown, Joseph
Cable, Campbell, W. R. W. Cobb, Cole, Disney, Doty,
Dunham, Durkee, Kwing, Fitch, Giddings, Gilbert, Gil-
more, Gorman, Gott, Green, Hall, Harlan, Hay, Hilliard,
Hoagland, Houston, A. Johnson, Jones, Matteson, McCler-
nand, McLanahan, Robert M. McLane, McMullen, Daniel
F. Miller, Moore, Morris, Newell, Ogle, Olds, Potter, Rey-
nolds, Risley, Robbins, Robinson, Rockwell, Root, Sackett,
Spaulding, Sprague, F. P. Stanton, Thomas, Tliurman,
Venable, Watkins, Wentworth, Whittlesey, Williams,
Wright, and Young—64.
So the bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. JULIAN moved a reconsideration of the
vote by which the House, had agreed to refer the
bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. J. said that he had made this motion to
enable him to present some views which he wished
to express to the House in relation to the bill. It
was not his wish to detain the committee this morn-
ing, as the morning hour had nearly expired, but if
permitted to do so, to speak in relation to the bill
to-morrow.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, rose to a ques-
tion of order. He submitted whether debate was
in order on a motion to reconsider whilst the pre-
vious question was pending.
The SPEAKER said that the previous question
had been exhausted.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. HALL moyed that the rules be suspended,
and the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, on the special
order—the deficiency appropriation bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, said that the
subject-toiatter of the bill under consideration was
not yet disposed of, and he objected to anything
else being done until that matter was disposed of.
He should be glad to accommodate the gentleman
from Indiana.
The SPEAKER said that a motion to go into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union was pending, and must be disposed of
without any debate.
The question was then taken on Mr. Hall'«
motion, and it was agreed to; and
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee ofthe Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Meade in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the deficiency bill.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the question was
on the amendment to the bill offered by the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Robinson,] as amended,
as follows:
" For compensation to clerks employed by the Secretary
of the Treasury in the Third Auditor's office on the ex-
amination of muster and pay rolls of the war of 1812, and
Indian wars, in addition to an undrawn balance of ap-
propriation for the month of July last, $12,000: Provided.
That no clerk shall receive more than at the rate of $1,000
per annum under this act.
" For contingencies incident thereto, such as printing,
binding rolls, desks, office furniture, and labor, $500."
And that the question immediately pending was
the amendment to the amendment proposed by the
gentleman from Delaware, [Mr. Houston,] provi-
ding that the pay of one clerk shall be $1,700 per
annum.
Mr. McMULLEN demanded tellers on the
amendment to the amendment, and they were or-
dered.
The question was then taken by tellers, (Mr.
Fower and Mr. McMullen acting,) and decided
in the negative—ayes 57, noes 75.
So the amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY moved to strike out " 1,600" and
insert "1,601."
Mr. B. said: I insert this one dollar for the pur-
pose of making the motion in order. I am happy
