1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
355
Now, my colleague may know a great deal about
the rules of propriety, "and about what kind of
etiquette should be observed betwc?n the head of
a bureau and the Congress of the United States;
but I will state my opinion in (^position to the
position which he" has taken in relation to this
matter. So far from its being impertinent in Mr.
Gallah r. in sending-a letter to the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means., I think it was
clearly his duty to do so, especially if he thought
that he would thereby subserve the public in-
terests. Why, do we not nil know that whenever
standing committees, or select committees either,
desire information, in order that they may know
how to legislate, tiiey call upon the heads of the
bureaus or departments for such information?
Nothing is more common, and Government could
not get on without such a course was pursued.
Mr. DUNHAM rose simply to ask the gentle-
man whether this information was ever called for,
and whether it was not volunteered to the gentle-
man from Virginia?
Mr. ROpiNSON replied that there was noth-
ing more common than for information to be sent
from the Departments to the committees, and to
members of the House, without being called for.
Mr. HALL. Mr. Chairman, I do not*care
whether this amendment is adopted or not. I
really think that what the House adopted yester-
day was about the best policy. I think that
#1,000 dollars per annum is enough for these
clerks. I presume the House is well aware that
the duty of these extra clerks in the Third Aud-
itor's office is substantially that of copying—that
is all. Their duties I understand to be- these: [
When papers are presented for bounty lands, \
they are examined in the Pension Office by the
clerks employed in that office, who see whether
the proof is correctly made out, and whether the
facts as set forth in the application are correct.
If they find that the facts contained in the applica-
tion are correct, then the individual is entitled to
bounty land. After this examination has been j,
made by competent clerks in the Pension Office,
the papers are then sent down to the Third Aud-
itor s office, and the clerks there have merely to
aee whether the rolls correspond with the state-
ments contained in the application. If they find .
that the rolls do correspond with the statements j
made by the applicants, they make a brief certifi- j i
cate to the effect that the rolls corroborate the ap- ;
plication, and then the papers are sent back to the
Pension Office.
Now, sir, what is this duty, more or less than j
that of copying ? Suppose this House should call
upon the Department for information in regard to ;
these rolls: what would they deem^ecessary?
Why, all that would be necessary would be to i
copy the rolls and send them to us. All the work J
required, in fact, would be mere copying. And i
this is precisely what these extra ^lerks in the j
Third Auditor's office are required to do—this is
the whole of the labor that devolves upon them.
I wish to call the attention of our Whig friends to
fhi« fact—that the celebrated Whig Congress of
1842, when the spirit of reform seemed to have i
possessed these gentlemen, passed an act which
provides as follows:
" Sec. 15. And beit further enacted, That no extra clerk
ghall be employed in any department, bureau, or office at
the seat of Government, except during the session of Con- j
gress, or when indispensably necessary to enable such de-
partment, bureau, or office, to answer soine call made by
either House of Congress at one session to be answered at
another, and not then except by order of the head of the \
department in which, or in some bureau or office of which, j
such extra clerks shall be employed; and no such extra
clerk, for copying, shall receive more than three dollars per
day, or for any other service more than four dollars per
day for the time actually and necessarily employed." j
Now, sir, this provision was inserted in a law
passed by the reforming Congress of 1842. This
provision is sufficiently liberal to tluese copying
clerks. I believe that a sufficient number of com-
petent men can be obtained at that price to do the ,
duties required in the Third Auditor's office, un-
der the act of the last session of Congress. But '
the amendment adopted yesterday by this House ;
-proposes, instead of giving $3 per day, to give '
them about $3 25 per day. It is more than was
proposed in 1842, but concurred in by Congress as
the maximum pay which these copying clerks
should receive. 1 can see no reason why we
should increase their salaries.
The question then being taken on the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Robinson,] it was agreed to.
Mr. CARTTER. I wish to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment. It is this: to provide that
the salary of those clerks shall be $1 50 per day.
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment is not
in order.
Mr. CARTTER. Will it not be in order to
move to increase the salary to $5 per day ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair th'inks that
would be in order.
Mr. CARTTER. Then I move to increase the
salary to #5 per day.
The CHAIRMAN. Upon further reflection,
the Chair thinks the amendment is not in order.
The effect of the amendment will be to strike out
j "four" and insert " five," which will not be in
order. The gentleman may move to add to the
amendment, but not to strike out any portion of it
which has been adopted by the committee.
Mr. CARTTER. I did not propose to strike
out any part of the amendment, but to add to it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the ef-
fect of the gentleman's amendment is to strike out
and insert.
Mr. CARTTER. I do not wish to strike out
any part of the amendment. I merely wish to add
to the sum specified in that amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
will reduce his amendment to writing.
Mr. CARTTER. I move to add fifty cents to
the sum specified in the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment will not
be in order.
Mr. BAYLY. Is it in order, now, to move a
substitute for the amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it is in
order.
Mr. BAYLY. I was going to reduce the amend-
ment to a little better form, but as the gentleman
who has charge of it seems to be satisfied with it,
I will make no motion to that effect.
Mr. CARTTER. My amendment is to raise
the pay of those clerks to five dollars per day.
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment would
be inconsistent with the amendment adopted by
the committee yesterday.
Mr. CARTTER suggested a point of order,
which was inaudible to the Reporter.
The CHAIRMAN1. The Ch air will again in-
form the gentleman that the effect of his amend-
ment will be to strike out a portion of the amend-
ment which has already been adopted by the
committee, and therefore is not in order. If the
gentleman is not satisfied with this decision, he
can take an appeal.
Mr. CARTTER. I desire to know whether
it will be in order to move this proviso: " Provi-
ded, That no payment shall be made except for
services actually rendered."
The CHAIRMAN. That would be inconsist-
ent with the amendment already agreed to by the
committee.  
Mr. CARTTER. I appeal from that decision.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has decided
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio to be
out of order.
" Mr. CARTTER. Will the Chair state what
my amendment is ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio to be
to provide that no clerk shall receive compensa-
tion for services not actually rendered. The
amendment as adopted provides for a per annum
allowance. The amendment of the gentleman is
for a per diem allowance, and is therefore incon-
sistent.
Mr. CARTTER. I wish to make a correction.
The Chairman stated that the amendment, as
adopted, provided for a per annum allowance.
The amendment does not, if I understand it, pro-
vide for a per annum, but a per diem allowance.
The CHAIRMAN.. The amendment will be
read; and it was Vead, as follows: j
After line twenty-six insert as follows: |
For compensation to clerks employed by the Secretary
of the Treasury in the Third Auditor's office, on the ex- !
amination of muster and pay rolls of the war of 181*2, and
Indian wars, in addition to an undrawn balance of appro- j
priation for the month of July last, $12,000: Provided,
Tliat no clerk shall receive more than at the rate of $1,000
per annum under this act, except one whose salary shall be !
$1,600 per annum, and four others, whose per diem shall
be $4 for contingencies incident thereto, such as printing, j
binding rolls, desks, office furniture, and labor, $500. I.
! The question was then taken, " Shall the decis-
I ion of the Chair stand as the judgment of the com-
mittee?" and carried in the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was affirmed by the
committee, and the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio was ruled out of order.
The question now being upon the amendment
of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Robinson,]
' as amended—
Mr. BURT demanded tellers; which were or-
dered.
The question was then taken by tellers, (Messrs.
Boyd and Tuck acting,) and resulted—ayes 81,
noes 35.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The next paragraph was then reported, as fol-
lows:
For nineteen temporary clerks in the office of the Com-
missioner of Pensions, required in consequence of the pas-
sago of the resolution of the Senate of the sixteenth Sep-
tember eighteen hundred and fifty1, and actof the twen-
tieth of September, eighteen hundred and fifty, from Octo-
ber, eighteen hundred and fifty, to thirtieth June, eighteen
hundred and fifty-one, allowing each clerk three dollars
and thirty-three cents per diem, fourteen thousand eight
hundred and sixty-eight dollars and forty-five cents.
Mr. ROBINSON moved to strike out the above
and insert in lieu thereof the following:
Strike out from lin<3v65 to line 73 and insert:
For thirty-seven temporary clerks in the Office of the
Commissioner of Pensions, requirijd in consequence of the
passage of the act of the twenty-eighth of September, eigh-
teen hundred and fitly, from first October, eighteen hun-
dred and fitly to thirtieth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-
one, one clerk at the rate of sixteen hundred dollars per
annum, one clerk at the rate of fourteen hundred dollars per
annum, and for thirty-five clerks at three dollars and thirty-
three cents per day, thirty-four thousand sixty-eight dol-
lars and fifteen cents.
Mr. R. said: I am informed by a letter from the
Commissioner of Pensions, which I have here,
that this clause of the bill provides merely for the
| pay of the extra clerks employed under the act of
the 28th of September, 1850, and that he requires
an appropriation sufficient in amount to cover the
new organization of some sixty-five clerks. /1
send the letter to the Clerk's desk:
Pension OrriCE, January 23,1851.
Sir : The nineteen clerks asked for in connection with
the appropriation of $14,865 45 are all employed under the
act of the 28th September, 1850. But the office has been
reorganized, embracing an entire force of sixty-five clerks,
and the Secretary of the Interior has been furnished with
an estimate for the same.
j I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
i J. E. HEATH, Commissioner.
Hon. Thomas H. Bayly,
Chairman Com. of Ways and Means, House of Reps.
The select committee reported in favor of the
employment of these thirty-seven additional clerks,
which, added to the number already employed,
would make the entire force sixty-five in number.
The estimates necessary to supply the deficiency,
and which were sent by the Secretary of the In-
terior to the President, amounted to $35,000. The
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
however, thinks it best that the salaries should
remain as they are in the section. He has made
a calculation, which falls a little below 035,000,
allowing the chief clerk, who has charge of this
business in the office, $1,600; his assistant $1,400,
and the balance of the clerks $3 33 per day.
^'The select committee, I think, recommended
that five or six gentlemen should be paid at the
rate of $4 per day. Inasmuch as there has
been such a dispute here about the salaries which
should be allowed to the clerks in the Third Aud-
itor's office, I will not attempt, upon this occasion,
to get any additional amount allowed.
Mr. MARSHALL. I would like to ask the
chairman of the select committee [Mr. Robin-
son] a single question. What circumstances have
occurred since the Secretary of the Interior made
his report to the President, in which he recom-
mended the employment of two clerks, which ren-
der it necessary to increase this force to thirty-
seven?
Mr. ROBINSON. All the answer I have to
five to the gentleman's question is this: It is not,
think, the recommendation of the Secretary of
the Interior to which he alludes. It is the recom-
mendation of the former Commissioner of Pen-
sions. He recommends two additional examiners
at the salary of $1,700 per annum; and I think the
Secretary of the Interior referred to that recom-
mendation.
I had a conversation with this gentleman upon
this very point. He seems to have taken the
recommendation of the Commissioner of Pensions
