856
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 28,
without much examination, and I believe with a
full endorsement of it. But it is testified to by
every one who has been examined in reference to
the additional force required in the Pension Office,
that no less than sixty-five clerks are required to
perform the current service to discharge the duties
which theexecution of the provisions of the bounty
land law will render necessary. This is the testi-
mony of Mr. Berrett, former chief clerk. The
present chief clerk testifies to the same thing; and
every other gentleman whom the committee called
upon, with the exception of the late Commissioner
of Pensions. He went upon the hypothesis that
the clerks would be required to examme but very
few applications daily, and that the business would
not hurry them much. But the committee were
disposed to give them the utmost amount of force
that they could possibly employ, so as to get out
the warrants without aelay—making the force a
temporary one. I was at the Pension Office this
morning. They have their force now organized,
at work, and doing a little better than they were
some few weeks ago. They are issuing from one
hundred and eighty to two hundred warrants daily,
and I think they issued about a thousand the last
week. They seem now really disposed to go to
work and do something. As far as I am con-
cerned I am disposed to give them every dollar and
every man they may ask, in order to give efficiency
to that Department. *
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question being then taken upon the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Rob-
inson,] it was agreed to.
Mr. THURSTON offered an amendment to
come in immediately after the words "Territory
of Oregon,"as follows:
" For expenses of the extra session of the Legislative
Assembly of Oregon Territory, held at the seat of govern-
ment of said Territory, in the Summer of 1850, hy call of
the Governor thereof, by virtue of the eleventh section of
the ' Act to establish the territorial government of Oregon,'
(approved August 14th, 1848,) $5,000.".
Mr. T. said: Mr. Chairman, it is a fact, that
during the last Summer an exigency arose in the
Territory of Oregon, which justified the Governor
in calling together the Legislative Assembly. He
did not give notice officially to the Secretary of the
Treasury of this calling in time to enable that offi-
cer to ask an appropriation to meet the case.
Yesterday morning, in conversation with the
Secretary, ne informed me that he would notify
the Committee of Ways and Means of the circum-
stance, and request them to make an appropria-
tion. The Legislative Assembly that were called
together in the Summer—I do not recollect pre-
cisely the day—were in session some twenty-five
days, and acting upon very important matters,
some of which were preparatory to trying some
four or five Indians for murder, who had been sur-
rendered up for trial in virtue of a treaty, in order
that if guilty they might be condemned and exe-
cuted. Now, unless a provision is made in this
bill to meet the expenses of that Assembly, it will
be perhaps two years before action can be had
upon it.
The only question to be considered is, whether
or not the Legislative Assembly was called to-
gether, and did sit by virtue of the proclamation
of the Governor of Oregon. Of that there can be
no doubt. Then there are the traveling expenses
incurred by the members of the Legislative As-
•embly in going from their homes to the seat of
Government. In addition to this, there is the pay
of the clerks to be included, and all the other offi-
cers of the Legislature, for some twenty-five days.
I have put the estimate at $5,000, beiieving that
this sum would be sufficient to cover the amount;
and if the expenses do not reach that amount,
why of coursej(he balance need not be drawn.
If you take into consideration that the usual ap-
propriation for sixty days' services is twenty-four
thousand and some odd dollars, certainly five thou-
sand would not be too much for twenty-five days'
services. I hope the amendment will prevail.
Mr. BAYLY. After the statement which has
been made by the gentleman from Oregon, [Mr.
Thurston,] I suppose*that the appropriation he
asks for would be proper enough, if it came be-
fore this House in the regular manner. I think
that such appropriation as contemplated in this
amendment ought not to be sanctioned by the com-
mittee, unless it comes here with the regular es-
timates from the Executive. I do not know that
in this particular caae any great mischief would
ensue; but if the committee were to set the exam-
ple of dispensing with the official recommenda-
tions and estimates, there is no knowing to what
it would lead. .
If the case be as the gentleman from Oregon
represents it to be—and as I have no doubt it is—
! the Executive will make an official communica-
tion, recommending an appropriation to be made
by our committee, and we will include it in the
civil and diplomatic bill. I think the mode of do-
ing business of this kind should be in the regular
manner, and for that reason I am opposed to the
amendment.
The question being then taken upon the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Oregon, [Mr.
Thurston,] it was not agreed to.
The following clause of the bill was then read:
" For fulfilling treaty with the Wyandots, $187,000."
Mr. PHELPS moved to strike out the clause
1 which had just been read.
Mr. P. said: I submit that motion in the hope :
I may obtain some information from the Com- 1
mittee of Ways and Means, by which I may be
able to ascertain whether the treaty negotiated
with the Wyandot Indians some time during the j
last year, has yet been ratified. And I wish to '
say that unless it has been ratified, this appropri-
ation ought not to be made.
I therefore make the inquiry of the members of ,
the Committee of Ways and Means, whether any
evidence of that ratification has been received, ex-
cept that published in the Statute book published
during last session of Congress?
Mr. BAYLY. I will state to the gentleman 1
from Missouri that no official information has been
received of the ratification of the treaty. As far
as this appropriation is concerned, I do not regard
it as a matter of any consequence whether the
treaty has been ratified or not; because, if the
treaty is not ratified, the money will not be paid.
' But if the treaty should be ratified, it would be very
, inconvenient for the Government to be left with-
out the means of carrying that treaty into effect.
Mr. PHELPS. I am aware that if the treaty
should not be ratified the money would not be
paid; but the treaty was published the same as
' though it had been ratified.
There are some important provisions in that
treaty. It provides, in the first place, for making
those Indians citizens of the United States. It
provides, also, that, on condition of their relin-
quishing to the Government of the United States
their claim of 145,000 acres of land located west of
the Missouri river, they are to receive, in lieu
thereof, $185,000.
When this treaty was submitted to the Senate,
that body made some very material modifications
and alterations. The original treaty consisted of
thirteen articles, which the Senate reduced to two,
one of which provided for the payment of $185,000,
in consideration of their relinquishing their claim
to the lands I have alluded to.
The articles of this treaty have been published
as having been ratified by the Senate; but as long
as it has not been ratified by the Indians them-
selves—as long as it has not been ratified by their
proper authorities—I contend we cannot with pro-
employed for that purpose who was to receive
twenty per cent, of the $185,000 as his compensa-
tion, and that he demanded it of that nation for
his services in procuring the ratification of this
treaty.
The editor of this newspaper has devoted a long
article to this subject, in which he speaks of the
frauds which have been perpetrated, as follows:
"Another instance of equal injustice, (he says,) has oc-
curred to the Wyandot tribe. Shortly after the ratification
of the late treaty with them, an agent came to Kansas for
the purpose of collecting $37,500, being twenty per cent,
on the amount secured them by the said treaty as a fee for
having aided in getting it through."
Mr. P. continued. Now, I am opposed to ap-
propriating this money until we can know more
about the ratification of this treaty. I am opposed
to making this appropriation until there is a ne-
cessity for it. These are the reasons why I shall
oppose this clause of the bill, and why I desire it
to he stricken out.
Mr. BAYLY. I do not think that newspaper
articles are such reliable authorities as that this
House should undertake to act upon them without
anything to sustain them. 1 do not understand 
Mr. PHELPS (interposing) said: I do not, in
this matter, state anything of my own knowl-
edge. I am well acquainted with Mr. Patton, the
editor of the paper, and he makes the statement
himself, in an editorial appearing in his paper, that
an agent came there and demanded $37,000 of the
Wyandot nation for his services in procuring the
ratification of that treaty.
Mr. BAYLY. Supposing the authority to be
as reliable as the gentleman from Missouri seems
to consider it, still I do not think that we ought to
withhold an appropriation to carry out the treaty,
because some agent or other has attempted to
swindle the Indiana. If we were to withhold the
appropriation for any such reason as that, the only
effect of it would be that we should be talcing the
place of this agent. Now, I am perfectly willing
to leave the Indians 
Mr. PHELPS, (interposing.) I did not bring
that up as an argument why we should not ap-
propriate the money; but I stated that the report
of the sub-agent of that tribe, Mr. Moseley,
showed that in the recent elections a majority of the
chiefs elected by the Wyandot nation were op-
posed to the ratification of that treaty. The report
of the sub-fegent shows that it was one of the ques-
tions submitted to the people at that election.
Mr. BAYLY. The newspapers are not always
reliable, when they give the result of our elections,
and I do not think they are so reliable in reference
to Indian elections that this House ought to act
on their information.
Mr. PH#LPS. The information is not derived
from newspapers. It is derived from an officer of
the Government—the sub-agent who dealt with
the Wyandots. I will read to the gentleman what
he says:
" The elections last month for a new board of chiefs re-
sulted in the choice of three out of the five opposed «o the
contemplated treaty."
That is from the report of Thomas Moseley,
who is sub-agent of the AVyandots, and who lives
with them, having been appointed by the Govern-
priety make provision for discharging our obliga- ■) ment to manage the affairs of that nation. I was
f. ' 1-1 f j:  ... nn nowsnaner nuthoritv.
tions, which would be binding upon us if the treaty
had been ratified.
The very language of the treaty provides that it
shall become binding and obligatory upon the con-
tracting parties, after it shall have been ratified by
the President of the United States, by and with
the consent of the Senate of the United States, and
ratified by the Chief and National Council of the
Wyandot Indians. Now the last report from
those Indians shows that they had failed to elect
their chief, and that a large majority of them were
opposed to the ratification of the treaty.
But there is another fact in relation to the sum
of money provided for in that treaty, to which I
wish to call the attention of this committee. I
allude to a publication which appeared in a paper
published at Independence, and which made its ap-
pearance here directly after the adjournment of :
Congress. It states that an agent came there and
demanded $37,000 of that nation as pay for his
services in securing the ratification of that treaty
by this Government. The statement is made by
the editor of the newspaper, who is a friend of
not speaking on newspaper authority.
I Mr. BAYLY. The authority which the gen-
tleman produces does not sustain him. The sub-
agent says that three out of five of those chiefs
have been elected who are opposed to the ratifica-
tion of this treaty. ATon constat that a change
may not come over the spirit of the dream of one
of them, and that they may not yet ratify the
treaty. If the treaty should be ratified it would
be exceedingly inconvenient that our Government
should not have the means to carry it out; but if
the treaty is not ratified this appropriation be-
comes brutwrn fulmen. Harm may ensue if the
appropriation is not made. Harm cannot ensue
if the appropriation is made. ,
The question was then taken on Mr. Phelps  
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. I have a point of order now to
raise in relation to that appropriation. If 1 canno
strike it out in one way I can in another. 1 say
that it is not in order. One of the ru esof this
House says that in no appropriation bill shall any
sum be appropriated for the purpose of fulfilling
tne editor ot tne newspaper, wno is amwiu ui sum ue r ,
this Administration, which shows that money has treaty stipulations. It is the second c
been used for the purpose of procuring the ratifi- 78th rule to which I refer. 1 will rea .
cation of this treaty, and that an agent has been n " In preparing hills of appropriations for oth onj
