358
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 28,
section of land in lieu of land to which the said
Hood claimed the right of preemption; which was
referred to the Committee 011 the Public Lands.
Mr. PRATT presented a memorial numerously
signal "by citizens of Baltimore, asking a modifi-
cation of the bounty land luw; which was referred
to the Committee 011 the Public Lands.
Mr. HAMLIN presented two petitions from
citizens of Maine, asking the immediate and un-
conditional repeal of the late act of Congress for
the recapture of fugitive slaves; which were or-
dered to lie on the table.
Mr. WINTHROP presented the petition of cer-
tain citizens of Sullivan county Pennsylvania,
asking the adoption of measures for the amicable
adjustment of our international difficulties; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
Mr. BUTLER presented a memorial from the
clerks employed in the post office at Charleston,
in the State of South Carolina, urging the ineffi-
ciency of their compensation for the labor per-'
formed by them, and asking that it may be in-
creased; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. CHASE presented a petition from citizens
of Lawrence county, in the State of Ohio, asking
that the public land may be granted to the town- j
ships in which it is situated, and the residue to act- j
ual settlers in limited quantities for the use of !
schools; which was ordered to lie on the table. j
Mr. BRADBURY presented a memorial from 1
shipowners, shipmasters, and other inhabitants of J
Brunswick, in the State of Maine, asking the
construction of a breakwater at Richmond Island, j
on the coast of Maine; which was referred to the I
Committee on Commerce. I
Mr. DOWNS presented the memorial of Isaac
D. Marks, asking that the installments due the
Mexican Government, under the treaty of Guada-
lupe Hidalgo, may be paid at the city of New
York, agreeably to an arrangement which he pro-
poses to carry into effect; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. JONES presented a joint resolution of the
Legislature of Iowa, in favor of a donation of
land to that State in aid of the construction of •
bridges across Turkey, Maquokata, Wapsipini-
coee, and Cedar rivers; which was referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to which was referred the memorial of cer-
tain clerks in the Second Auditor's office, asked
to be discharged from the further consideration of
the same, and that it be referred to the Committee
of Claims; whitfh was agreed to.
Also, from the same Committee, to which was
referred Senate bill No. 412, being the bill for the
appointment of appraisers at large, and for other
purposes, reported back the same with an amend-
ment, substituting a new bill, and gave notice that, .
as it was a measure of great importance, he should
move to call it up on Thursday next.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the motion to print the
memorial of the New York State Colonization So-
ciety, asking the establishment of a line of mail
steamers from the United States to the western
coast of Africa, reported against printing the same;
which was agreed to. i
Mr. NORR1S, from the Committee of Claims,
to which was referred the memorial of Don B.
Juan Domercq, asking indemnity for certain
losses sustained, submitted a report in writing, 1
which was ordered to be printed, accompanied by
a bill for the relief of Don B. Juan Domefcq, a
Spanish subject, which was read and ordered to a
second reading.
Mr. BADGER, from the Committee on Naval !
AfTairs, to which was referred the message of the
President of the United States, communicating a i
report from the Secretary of the Navy in relation
to the adoption of laws to enforce proper disci-
pline and promote good conduct in the naval ser-
vice of the United States; which was read and
ordered to a second reading.
RESOLUTION ADOPTED.
submitted the following resolution,
which was considered and agreed to:
Thatthe President of the United States be re-
?vith ?hP nnhv municate 10 the Senate, if not incompatible
1 ith the public interest, all correspondence between this
Government and Great Britain, and between any of the
Departments of this Government and Great Britain, and
between any of the Departments of this Government and
Government officers in Oregon, relative to the seizure of the
British ship Albion by the collector of Astoria, in the col-
lection district of Oregon, for violating the revenue laws,
and what order, if any, has been sent to said collector by
either of the Departments of our Government in the prem-
1 ises.
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
Mr. WALKER submitted the following reso-
lution; which lies over one day under the rule.
Resolved, That the Board of Regent1! of the Smithsonian
Institution be directed to inform the Senate wiiy the 6th
section of the act entitled "An act to establish the Smith-
sonian Institution, lor the increase and diffusion of knowi-
, edge among men," has not been complied with by making
j suitable arrangements for the reception of the " objects of
art," &c., named in said section.
PATENT OFFICE EXHIBITION OF MODELS.
Mr. WALKER submitted the following reso-
lution for consideration:
Resolved, That the Commissioner of Patents be directed
to inform the Senate what additional room, if any, is re-
quired for the proper accommodation of the Patent Office,
and for the proper exhibition of the models, compositions,
&c., therein deposited; and whether or not tile rooms now
occupied by the national cabinet of curiosities, together
with the entire east wing, now in process of construction, |
| are needed for the purposes of the Patent Office.
! The resolution was agreed to. I
; Mr. HUNTER subsequently rose and said:
I The resolution of inquiry adopted on the motion !
j of the Senator from Wisconsin is directed to the
j Commissioner of Patents instead of the Secretary
of the Interior. It is directed to the head of the ,
I bureau instead of the head of the Department to '
i which the bureau belongs. I therefore move a
reconsideration of the vote adopting that resolu- .
tion. * !
Mr. WALKER. I do not know that there is
any particular objection to the reconsideration of !
that vote and the amendment of the resolution as
the Senator from Virginia proposes; but it is due
to myself, and to the Senate, and also to the Sec-
retary of the Interior, that I should say that I put 1
in the resolution the name of the Commissioner of
Patents after reflecting upon the subject. I think
if the report of the Secretary of the Interior be re-
ferred to it will be found that he speaks of the com-
pletion of the Patent Office and the removal of the
Department of the Interior into that building as a
matter of course, and a thing to be desired. Now,
the Senate will recollect that at the last session of
Congress provision was made for the prosecution
of this work by appropriations out of the patent \
fund. I then demurred to it. I thought it unjust !
that the fund which was drawn from the inventors !
of the country should be expended in the con- j
struction of a marble palace for any Department j
of this Government. 1
Mr. HUNTER. I do not object to the Sena-
ator's resolution, but simply to the direction which
he has given to it, and I only propose to substi-
tute the Secretary of the Interior for the Commis-
sioner of Patents.
Mr. WALKER. That is what I am coming I
to. The Secretary of the Department of the In- I
terior has told us that he wants this building for j
that Department. But the question is, whether it
is not necessary for the Patent Office itself. If Sen-
ators will go to that office they will see the models
crowded together, and so entangled that it is al- i
most impossible that any individual can get to see
them; while up stairs the room and the cases
which were originaly intended for the exhibition j
are crowded with a cabinet of natural curiosities. !1
On this subject I have submitted a resolution, |
which I hope will come up for consideration to-
morrow, inquiring why the Smithsonian Institu-
tion has not relieved the Patent Office from that
burden. I have only to say, in addition, that it
is with design that I send this resolution to the i1
Commissioner of Patents, but not with a design
for a moment to show any disrespect to the Secre- j
tary of the Interior. I disavow anything of the '
kind; but what I now aim at is to obtain the views
of both those officers. We know that there is !
much discussion, through the newspapers of the J
day, in regard to the Commissioner of Patents
and I want to have his views in regard to this mat
I Mr. HUNTER. I believe it is unprecedented
I to send a resolution of inquiry to the head of a
bureau.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. If any argu-
ment were wanting to show the Senate the inex-
pediency of the cpurse proposed by the Senator
from Wisconsin it is supplied by that Senator
himself. His argument is that he expects to <ret
from the Commissioner a different opinion than we
have had from the head of the Department. I do
not know that that is very courteous, or custom-
ary, or suitable, or proper. The proper appli-
cation is to the head of the Department. The
honorable Senator from Wisconsin has so shaped
j his questions as to get a specific answer, and to
get it from the Commissioner of Patents, but I
! should certainly be opposed to it if f supposed the
| object of the resolution was to get from the Corn-
i missioner of Patents an opinion at variance with
; that of the head of the Department. If that were
, its object I should certainly vote against it.
j Mr. WALKER. The Senator from Massa-
1 chusetts has no right, from anything I have said,
i to infer that I expect a different answer from the
head of that bureau. I have said notlfing to war-
ranUhat conclusion. I have not said that I expect
j such a thing; I have said that I want his opinion,
; and if it concurs with that of the Secretary of the
, Interior, well. If it does not, we can inquire in
respect to the difference.
!   The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I now move to strike out
"Commissioner of Patents" and insert "Secretary
of the Interior."
The motion was agreed to, and the resolution as
amended, was adopted.
PAPER ISSUES IN DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mi*. HALE submitted the following resolution
for consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia be instructed to inquire if any persons or corporations
in this District are exercising the powers of issuing bank
notes, and whether said notes are made payable in anything
else than gold or silver; and if said notes are thus issued,
by virtue of what la w.
Mr. EWING. It would be well to strike out
the word " persons," and limit the inquiry to
" corporations," as corporations cannot exist un^
less they are incorporated by Congress. I Think
we ought not to inquire into the acts of individ-
uals. I move to strike out the words "persons or."
Mr. HALE. I do not think the privilege of is-
suing bank not#sfor circulation is a right that may
be exercised unless it is conferred by the Legisla-
ture. That is a right which belongs to sovereignty
and not to individuals. The object which I have
in makinglftis inquiry is this: I saw this morning
a gentleman from the North who showed me a
currency which was put upon him at Baltimore,
purporting to be a note issued by a bank of this
city, redeemable in Virginia currency when pre-
sented in amounts of five dollars, and not till then.
The Senate will see, then, what is the object of my
inquiry.
The amendment was agreed to, and the resolu-
tion as amended was adopted.
CLERK FOR THE COMMITTEE ON PRINTING.
The following resolution, submitted yesterday
by Mr. Borland, came up in its order:
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing be authorized
to employ a clerk, at the usual compensation, from the com-
mencement of the present session.
Mr. BORLAND. I will simply remark that it •
is to supply an omission made at the beginning of
the session. The clerk has been employed, and
this resolution is necessary for the payment of his
compensation.
Mr. WALKER. I do not know that I under-
stand the duties of the Committee on Printing.
They may be-of a different character from what I
suppose they are. As far as they are apparent to
us in the Senate chamber, they are to look at
papers sent to them, ascertain the necessityto
print them, and the next day to come in and make
a verbal report, either recommending the printing
or that the papers be not printed. If this he their
duty, there certainly can be no necessity for the
employment of a clerk; but if there be other du-
ter. I think the Senate can certainly call upon | ties devolved upon the Committee on Printing, of
the head of a bureau for his views in regard to 1 which we see nothing in the Senate chamber, but
any important matter, without showing any dis- 1
respect to the head of a Department. I certainly
disavow any such intention in submitting this res-
olution.
which may render it necessary to employ a clerk
to assist the committee, I should be pleased to
hear what they are.
Mr. BORLAND. If the Senator will examine
