1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
859
the resolution under which the Committee on
Priuting is appointed he will find that they have
to audit and settle the accounts of the printers,
and a clerk is absolutely necessary to keep the
necessary books and accounts, ft has always
been found necessary, from the organization of
the committee, that they should have a clerk.
Mr. WALKER. The Committee on the Con-
tingent Expenses has to audit not only these ac-
counts, but the whole account of the contingent
expenses of the Senate. My friend from North
Carolina [Mr. Badger] is one of the members of
that committee, and I will ask him to give us his
testimony in regard to the necessity of its employ-
ing a clerk. I am also a member of that commit-
tee, and I have never seen any necessity for the
employment of a clerk. This resolution, too, it
will be perceived, points to the commencement of
the session, and looks very much to me like retro-
active legislation, which the Senate has on more
than one occasion emphatically condemned.
Mr. HALE. I should be in favor of this reso-
lution if the chairman of the committee would
only obviate two constitutional difficulties which .
are in the way. Nothing short of that will induce ,
me to support the resolution. I understand that '
the committee intend to impose upon this clerk
the duty of reading through all the documents that
are printed. That, I think, is a cruel and an un-
usual punishment, which should not be imposed
upon anybody. Another constitutional difficulty
is that this is ex post facto legislation. If these
difficulties can be removed I shall support the res-
olution.
Mr. BORLAND. I wish to make a remark in
reply to the Senator from Wisconsin and the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire as to the retroactive
character of the resolution. It is explained in this
way: this clerk was appointed at the last session,
under the authority of a resolution which was
then passed. It was deemed unnecessary by the
committee to introduce another resolution at this
session, supposing that the authority continued
throughout the Congress. It has been found, upon
examining the question, however, that it has been
customary to renew such resolutions at every ses-
. sion of Congress. Having omitted to do so at
the beginning of the session, it becomes necessary
now to pass this resolution in order that the clerk
may receive compensation for the services which
he has rendered, and will continue to render,
throughout the session.
I do not exactly know what may be the duties
of the Committee to Audit the Contingent Ex-
penses of the Senate, but the Committee on Print-
ing has to audit the accounts of the jmblic printer;
all his accounts have to be examinePand decided
on before he can be paid. This devolves on the
committee an immense amount of labor, for which
it is necessaiy to have a clerk.
Mr. HAMX.IN. If the Senator from Wiscon-
sin would go to the committee room of the Com-
mittee on Printing and ascertain precisely what .
are the duties which are performed by the clerk of j
that committee, he Would have no trouble in voting
for this resolution; he would not vote against it,
but would vote for it with great pleasure. It is the
duty of that committee, as the chairman has said, j
to audit the accounts of the public printer. Now, j
consider the voluminous reports of committees !
which are printed, the bills, the Executive docu- !
ments, and take the variety of types in which
they are printed, the rule-ana-figure work and the ,
plain work. It is the duty of the clerk to go !
through them, notas the Senator from New Hamp- -
shire supposes, to read every page, but to go j
through every page of these documents, for the j
purpose of ascertaining the different kinds of type i
used, and computing the amount which is due the I
printer, and also for the purpose of ascertaining ;
whether the account rendered by the printer is j
correct. That is the labor which it would take !
nearly all the time of one member of that commit- i
tee to perform, and which could not be performed !
by him uuless he neglected his other duties. |
I agree with the chairman that it is not neces- :
sary to pass this resolution during the present ses- j
sion. But, it having been the practice of the Senate i
to pass such resolutions at every session, it was
offered at the suggestion of the Secretary. It will
also be recollected by the Senators that by law the
duty of auditing the accounts of the printer is im-
posed on the Committee on Printing, in connection
with the Secretary of the Senate and the Clerk of.
the House of Representatives during the vacation.
If they should not have a clerk, the Committee on
Printing would have to remain here at some com-
pensation during the vacation to discharge their
duties. I think there should be no objection to the
resolution.
Mr. BADGER. As the Senator from Wiscon-
sin has summoned me to the witness stand, I cheer-
fully, as a good citizen and a Senator, answer to
the call, and shall proceed to give my testimony.
To the question whether the committee whose du-
ties are to audit and control the contingent expen-
ses of the Senate require a clerk, I will say that if
! the committee consisted of only the chairman and
myself, I should feel constrained to ask the Senate
: to give us a clerk. But we have also associated
with us the Senator from Wisconsin, who is al-
ways so agreeably and so diligently employed on
! accounts, and so diligently laborious from the
1 mere love of the thing, that he relieves us from the
! necessity of a clerk. I, however, must say that I
concur entirely with the Senators who are mem-
bers of the Committee on Printing that they ought
to have a clerk. It would be imposing on that
i committee an unusual and cruel punishment, which
1 ought to be inflicted on no man, especially on no
member of this body, to compel them to discharge
'duties properly belonging to a clerk.
I Mr. WALKER. I have but one word to say,
and that is, that I concur entirely with the Sena-
| tor from North Carolina, that if he had been in-
, trusted with the duties of the committee to audit
and control the contingent expenses of the Senate,
{ he would have asked for the employment of a
clerk; no doubt of it.
Mr. BRADBURY. I was at one time the chair-
man of the Committee on Printing, and had oc-
casion to know the extent of the labor required to
be performed by their clerk; and I concur entirely
witn the remarks of the chairman and the other
members of the committee, that it is absolutely
essential for them to have a clerk—much more so
than any other committee.
The resolution was agreed to.
JUDGE OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Davis, of Massachusetts, yesterday, was consid-
ered and agreed to:
Raotvei, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of makincsome,fur-
ther compensation to the Chief Judge of the District of
Columbia, for his services in cases of appeal from the Com-
missioner of Patents.
BILLS PASSED.
The following engrossed bills were severally
read a third time and passed:
The bill to establish a port of entry in Arkansas.
On the question of title it was ordered that the
title be amended as follows: "An act authorizing
judges of the district courts of the United States
to appoint steamboat inspectors in certain cases."
The bill to incorporate the Union Gaslight
Company in the District of Columbia.
CALIFORNIA LAND TITLES.
This subject being resumed to-day, the question
pending at the adjournment of yesterday was first
in order, viz: the motion of Mr. Benton to amend
the amendment offered by the Judiciary Commit-
tee, by striking out the first proviso in the thir-
teenth section, which is in these words:
" Provided, alwayt, That if the title of the claimant to
such lands shall be contested by any other person, it shall
and may be lawful for snch person to file a petition ill the
district court of the United States for the district in'which
the lands are situated, plainly and distinctly setting forth
his title thereto, and praying the said court to hear and de-
termine the same, a copy of which petition shall be served
upon the adverse party thirty days before the meeting of
the court to which it is returnable, and the'subsequent
proceedings thereon shall be the same as in other civil
cases."
Mr. BERRIEN. 1 do not know that I can
make myself audible to the Senate, laboring under
the cold which now oppresses me. I desired yes-
terday, if I had had the power to give utterance to
my views upon this subject, to have said to the
Senate, in relation to thiB section, that my purpose
in draughting it had been, when it should come
under the consideration of the Senate, to present
this double view of the question for their judgment.
The bill reported by the committee, as it now is,
provides that when a third person shall interpose
a claim to lands which have been confirmed by the
commissioners or by the courts, it shall be com-
petent to such third person to file a petition before
the district judge, which being made returnable to
j the court, and being answered by the adverse
claimant, the judge may grant an injunction to
stay the emanation of the patent, and a certificate
, of his order or that injunction being notified to the
Commissioner of the General Land Office would
stay the emanation of a patent until the question
of title was decided. The certificate then provides
that thereafter such proceedings should be had, as
between these adverse claimants in the district
court, as in other civil cases.
Upon the question of jufisdiction I cannot for a
riloment permit myself to entertain a doubt. The
judicial power of the United States, under the Con-
stitution, extends to all cases arising under the
Constitution, the treaties, and the laws of the Uni-
ted States. Well, here is a bill which it is pro-
posed to enact into a law, the object of which is
J to carry into effect a treaty stipulation of the Uni-
ted States. The jurisdiction of the courts of the
United States to decide upon any case arising un-
der such a law is, I apprehend, perfectly incon-
testable. But I am quite aware—and it was that
view which I desired to present to the Senate—
that with some Senators there may be a disposi-
tion, admitting the jurisdiction of the courts of
the United States under this law to decide that
question, to leave the question as to the title of the
conflicting private claimants to the decision of the
State tribunals. In that course I desired to have
said to the Senate yesterday that it was my dispo-
sition very readily to acquiesce. And the result of
that would be that the district judge of the United
States would interpose entirely, by the grant of the
injunction, for the puipose of staying the. ema-
nation of a patent, until the title was decided, or
until a sufficient time had elapsed, in his judgment,
to afford an opportunity for obtaining such decis-
ion. With a view to test the sense of the Senate
on that subject I had prepared certain amend-
ments which I desired to submit. It is proper for
me to say that I did not believe it was important
that this transfer from the 'district court of the
United States to the State courts should be made,
because the decision of the district court, upon the
] question of conflicting title between individual
claimants, would be a decision made solely with
the view to the emanation of a patent, and would
not, unless that court had final jurisdiction over
the subject, decide the question of the title as be-
tween the individual claimants. Thus, if the
legal title was vested in the United States, and the
patent should emanate, the legal Jtitle would be
transferred to the patentee; but if a better equita-
ble title existed in another, that patentee would
hold the legal title as a trustee for such other per-
son.
In every view of the subject, therefore, it seems
to me that there has been a magnitude given to this
provision which does not belong to it. But it will
perhaps simplify the proceeding, as was my ori-
ginal intention, to allow the district judge to inter-
pose merely for the purpose of staying the ema-
nation of the patent until the question of title is
decided, or until sufficient time has been allowed
for the purpose of obtaining that decision; and
then the question of title, as between these con-
flicting parties, involving the legal as well as the
i equitable title, will be remitted to the State tribu-
nals. With this view, in order to ascertain the
sense of the Senate, I will suggest an amendment
to the part proposed to be stricken out, which will
bring that view before the Senate.
In line twenty-seven of section thirteen, I pro-
pose to strike out the word " court" and insert the
word "judge," this being a proceeding to be had
before a judge at chambers for the purpose of
granting an mjunction merely. In line twenty-
nine I propose to make the same amendment. In
lines thirty-one, thirty-two, thirty-three, as this is
to be a proceeding before the judge and not before
the court, I propose to strike out the words " meet-
ing of the court to which it is returnable, and the
subsequent proceedings thereon shall be the same
as in other civil cases," and insert "time ap-
pointed for the hearing of the same."
In the twenty-sixth line I ask the Chair to make
a verbal alteration, by striking out the word " file"
before the word " petition," and insert the word
" present,'* also to strike out the word "in" after
I the word petition, and to insert the word " to," so
that it will read " present a petition to the district
judge."
I would only further say to the Chair, and for
the information of the Senate, that I intend to
