360
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 28,
amend the residue of the section by striking out
the word " presentment," in the thirty-sixth line,
and inserting the word "hearing." So that the
order of the district judge to restrain the party at
whose instance the claim to the said lands has
been confirmed from suing out a patent for the
same until the title thereto shall have been finally
decided, shall be issued upon the hearing of the
petition, and not upon its presentment. And I
shall propose to add to the section the words " until
sufficient time shall, in the opinion of the said
judge, have been allowed for obtaining the same, aifd
thereafter the said injunction shall be dissolved."
The PRESIDENT. It is not in order now to
amend that portion of the bill.
The question was stated to be upon the pro-
posed amendments in the twenty-sixth, twenty-
seventh, twenty-ninth, thirty-first, thirty-second,
thirty-third, and thirty-fourth lines, collectively,
unless any Senator should desire to have them
taken separately.
Mr. BENTON. The alterations which the
Senator from Georgia [Mr. Berrien] proposes,
are amendments to the proposed amendment. We
have got a good way from Avhere we started. There
was an original bill, then a substitute offered by
the Senator from California, [Mr. Gwiu,] and one
by the Senator from Missouri. All went to the
Judiciary Committee, and they came back with a
substitute—a new thing altogether; and I moved
to strike out a part of it. When the bill was
taken up yesterday morning, it was commented
upon by the Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Berrien.]
He is the reporter of the bill and delivered his ex-
position of its merits in the face'of the Senate. It
seemed to his mind to be, at that time, a very perfect
thing, only needing verbal alterations; and he had
himself made these. There would nothing more
be necessary to be done but to pass the bill. I
thought otherwise, and took hold of a part of his
bill, and showed it to be, what no man can deny,
a clear and flagrant violation of the Constitution of
the United States and of the judiciary act of 1789,
in point of jurisdiction; and a clear and flagrant
violation of justice and right, and a confusion of
all legal proceedings, in authorizing anybody to go
into a district court, not to interplead, but to inter-
lope, with new suits, and jump upon a man who
is thereon trial, and stick just as many new suits
upon him as they please, and have them all tried
at the same time, as part and parcel of the same
general transaction. I showed this. And yester-
day, when these objections were taken, the Senator
from Georgia defended the bill on the ground of a
right of jurisdiction, and p. principle of justice, in
these anomalous and polypus proceedings. He
claimed the right for the United States federal
courts in California to try common suits between
citizens of the same State, questions of meum and
tuwn, using these two Latin pronouns Lord Coke
ealls great, and which he says^are the root of all
contention in law. The question of mine and thine
in these common cases was thus given to the Fed-
eral judiciary to be tried. The illegality and uncon-
stitutionality of this was pointed out yesterday.
The Senator from Georgia then undertook to shelter
himself behind Mr. Fremont, and quoted from
him. Sir, Mr. Fremont had read the Constitu-
tion of the United States, and he did not and could
not commit such a blunder as that. The Senator
from Georgia thus undertook to sustain himself
by what would not have been authority among
lawyers, even if the quotation had been on his
side, but which was directly and pointedly and
thoroughly against him.
It now stands incontestably the fact, that by the
Senator's bill there are to be suits upon suits
against these claimants, whether they are to be 1
ejectments or trespasses nobody knows. It is to i
be a petition, ana what the petition is to contain i
nobody says. Petitions are to be inteijected while
the claimant is attending before that court contend- !
ing with the United States; and just as many per- |
sons as please. He may be shingled over with !
new suits from individuals, interjected upon peti-
tions, and upon any pretegce that anybody pleases. :
These, as interlopers, may jump upon a man in I
court, and stick all their petitions upon him. No, \
they are to send out upon a thirty days' notice I
ana bring him in. And who will take care of his
crops when he comes in? They may stick one
upon his back every day, and he is to be brought i
in and put before this court, in order to try meum .
and tuwn questions, which, if regularl/^brought, !
j could only be brought in the courts of the State.
! This is flagrant illegality, unconstitutionality, in-
I iquity, and confusion.
] Sir, the citizens of a State cannot carry their
disputes of meum and twim into the courts of the
United States, unless it is where the law of the
United States is concerned. There is no such thing
here—no such pretense. It is anybody and every-
body, who chooses to set up any sort of claim
whatsoever, who is to come in and interplead, as
I said before, to interlope and interject themselves.
As many as choose may come and have trials be-
tween man and man, either in the district courts
of the United States or with an appeal to the Su-
preme Court of the United States. Sir, this is a
flagrant breach of the Constitution of the United
> States, and of the act of 1789 defining the juris-
. diction of the courts, and upon that point I took
the gentleman from Georgia yesterday—a great
point, a hook worthy to hang a man upon. But
this morning he comes here as if he had been
caught with little pin hooks—piddling at words—
making more verbal alterations—undertaking to
amend his section by altering a word here and
a word there; a pronoun in one place and a prep-
osition in another, and an article in another. Sir,
why does he not grapple with the great question ?
It will do him no good if he- has all these little'
alterations made.
I The great objections stand there still. They
! are to the jurisdiction first, and after to the enor-
mity of subjecting one man to many trials at the
! same time and with many parties; and after that
to the confusion and monstrosity of mixing up
interested parties with the United States on an in-
quisition of this kind. Let him grapple these
questions, or give them up by striking these poly-
pus trials out of his bill. Sir, these inquiries be-
fore these boards of commissioners are not trials,
in the legal sense of the word; they are mere in-
' quisitions for the purpose of ascertaining a fact—
ascertaining whether the previous Government has
parted with the-land, and whether there is a perfect
title, so that nothing remains for the new Govern-
: ment to perfect. They are nothing but inquisi-
, tions, and heretofore they have been conducted at
least in a disinterested sense. These commission-
, ere are to act disinterestedly. The United States
| does not appear as a prosecutor—does not appear
as 9 party endeavoring to get a man's land, if it
can be taken by the help of lawyers and by the
help of the chicanery and the quibbles of the law.
The United States appear in no such character,
and never have appeared in any such' character.
These commissioners are intended to be a disin-
terested, an impartial tribunal, whose business it
is to inquire equitably, and candidly, and fairly,
whether the previous sovereign had parted with
the land in question. This is the intent of a board
of commissioners. But here, with these disinter-
ested inquiries which the commissioners are to
make, the bill reported by the gentleman from
Georgia mixes up interested questions, and allows
the whole world to come in, if they please, and in-
: terject trials at the same time, and allows every-
body to petition and go to trial with the party for
the same land. This is making an interested in-
quiry—an interested trial; that is, a trial where
| interested persons are to gain it as they can—by
any trick or quibble of the law, and by any means
known to the practice, where the meanest branch
, of the profession, even down to the humblest of
] the profession, may come in; for every petitioner
| is to choose his own lawyer.
And this is what the gentleman has fixed in his
bill. I denounced it yesterday as the most abom-
inable attempt at legislation that has ever appeared
in a civilized world, and I stand to it to-day. And
I now exult over it, after all I have heard from the
gentleman, who has come here to piddle with these
little verbal alterations, instead of meeting these
grand points. He ought to meet them, or give
them up. By not meeting them, he virtually gives
them up. Why not do it openly by giving up the
section, or striking out all which gives to these
contestants the right to interject petitions, and
shingle an old settler all over with new suits while
already contending against the whole power of the
United States?
What is the condition of the old settler ? The
United States brings him in, though this bill fixes no
place where he is to come; J)ut he is to come where
the United States calls him. I suppose the United
States attorney will probably have the business of,
fixing the time and place. They go to the place
appointed, and while engaged with the United
States in defending that property which the King
of Spain paid him to receive as a gift, thirty, forty,
fifty, sixty, or seventy years ago—while he is de-
fending it against the United States, here is turned
in upon him a horde to attack him in every way.
He is to get it, as I said yesterday, in front and
rear and on both flanks, about in the style in which
one of the ancient French translations of the Bible
says Samson gave it to the Philistines, " back and
belly"—dos et ventre. Yes, sir, he gets it all round.
If they could get at the soles of his feet they would
give it to him there—stick a petition there. But
he will have them from head to foot—from the
crown of the head to the top of the foot.
I made these objections yesterday, and I stand
upon them to-day. Such an answer as the Sena-
tor from Georgia has made, is infinitely worse than
none. It is an admission of the force and im-
movability of the objections I have made, cardinal
objections, and a drawing off upon small points
that will answer no purpose. Just so long as there
remains in that section a right for other people to
attack the claimant, and to interject other suits
upon him, just so long as that stands, the formid-
able objections will remain. I shall oppose it for
its illegality and unconstitutionality. I shall op-
pose it for being a monstrous jumbling of suits at
the same time. I shall oppose it, beeause it brings
in interested parties to contend against the claim-
ant, and to assist the United States in taking the
land from him. I shall oppose it, because it would
be a partnership between the United State,son one
side, and, I will not say squatters, but land-sharks
and speculators on the other. I am the oldest
friend to the actual settler, I undertake to say, now
extant—an older advocate for the settler than any
person on this floor. For forty years, in my le-
gislative capacity, have I been a friend to the actual
settler! Forty years ago, when my voice was
young, with a sense of justice as strong as now, I
took the part of the actual settler. I speak of my
service first in the General Assembly of Tennes-
see, in the year 1809, when the old settlers of Nol-
ichucky, Big and Little Pigeon, and French Broad,
all came to Knoxville to save their homes. They
approached me with diffidence—for I was a young
lawyer, and they were afraid of lawyers, and they
did not know that I had a feeling for the settler
who lived up at the head of the creek, and in the
gorge of the mountain, and who was endeavoring,
amidst danger and privation, to get a home of his
own, and which speculators attempted to take from
him. I took their part then, and assisted in the
establishment of the first preemption law ever
known in Hre State of Tennessee. I have con-
tinued in that course from that day to the present.
I am a friend to the actual settler. But the first
actual settlers of California are those people who,
or their ancestors-, went there seventy years ago;
who have been there for three generations. They
are such people as Castro, who raised seven-and-
twenty children born upon the soil, and who are
now to fight for the land which the King of Spain
gave them; who are to come here to the Supreme
Court of the United States to fight it out.
Sir, I am a friend to the actual settler, and will
do justice to every one in his place—to the actual
settlers in their places, and to the new emigrants
in theirs. As far as I have voice or vote, the new
emigrants shall have justice; they shall have pre-
emption; and in some cases they shall have a do-
nation. They shall have justice done, but not by
any partnership with the United States to attack
the land titles of the old settlers. And what sort
of a partnership would this make ? A partnership
at law, in which these interested parties would do
things which the United States would scorn to do.
And when they had succeeded in getting the land
from the old settler, what would be the division
of it? Where would the lion's share go? It would
go not to the United States, but to those who fought
on the side of the United States. Those who
had joined in the chase would take all the game.
The United States would get none. Thus, while
harassing and plundering the. old settlers, you
will get nothing at all.
I do hope the Senator from Georgia will cease
these little amendments; that^ie will meet the ob-
jections, or give them up. The little alterations
signify nothing. The oaious character of the sec-
tion remains exactly what it was, with or without
these amendments. I think that, after the man-
