1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
861
Mr in *W!> the Senator treated what was said
iwnnfat, and tlln he has wkiMiwIedswl the
rMaditxm of the ssriion by attempting ti> amend
!l, he mifhi it* well jne it up, and let us go on to
 >i«ethin  else; fur Odd knows there is enough
in it to iwewpr our lime even after this is given
up.
Mr. BKRR1 F.N. I desire simply to say, that
if the rudeness of manner in which the finnior
from Mmsnn thinks proper to attack this hill,
 ®d me individually as the person by whom it
w*s draughted, aA>rds htm any gratification, he
has mv free permission to enjoy it. For myself,
1 shall Iwertmuefv reluctant to forfeit the respect
which I owe to myself and to the Senate hy rep!y-
aif ta a «nufc r «inrti. I am herein the discharge
of a du'.r who-h has been imposed upon me )>y
the Sraa'e. and if any man supposes that such a
mode at' personal assault ran turn me from the
performance of my duty, I can only admire his
simplicity. In the Ion; course of service which
I hare had here, I have never intentionally violated
the feriings of any member of this body, and the
fee'ing which prompts me to such a course enables
roe to estimate at its proper value the opposite
one.
Sir, the purpose of this section, as I propose to
amend it, as I stated to the Senate before, is sim-
ply to leave to the d;str«-t judge the pouter of
granting an injunction for the jwirpose of staying
the emanation of a patent, after the confirmation
of the title of the claimant has been made by the
rominisstonen or br the court; and I suppose thiit
there is bo human Ketnj, at all conversant with
leta! pnnop'es, who would doubt the power
of a G«*erfi"nent, through ihe agency of Us own
courts, to star the a-tion of its own officers. What
is p*«:w*jed by the bill is, that the district judge
■ha't bare power to grant an injunction to star the
muHMn of a patent from the General Land Of-
fice of the United States. Thea-'tion of the court,
by the J 'tion as it is proposed to amend it, will
be limited to the order of the judge, or to an in-
junction of th  judge, to slay the act of the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office in the ema-
nation of a patent. I supoose there is no Sen-
ator who hears me who wi!l doubt that this is a
coostitntional exercise of the judiciary power of
the United State*, and that, sir, is the whole effect
of this amendment.
The bill, as it stood originally, proposed to go
for'Her, and to allow the district court to decidethe
question between these conflicting- claimants, as in
other cases. I harp said to you that F believe that
jurisdiction rannot be contested, but I hare said
also that it was my purpose to have presented these
two views to the Senate, and to hureleft them to de-
cide. As it is, 1 stand before the Senate, not upon
mere verbal amendments, but upon amendments
which take from the district court the sower to de-
cide 'his question of conflicting title between the
parties for any other purpose than to stay the ema-
nation of the patent. TTie Senator from Missouri
stand* upon his constitutional objection to this
provision. Sir, I lAre no doubt he will stand
there firmly. I stand upon mr affirmance of the
constitutionality of the bill, and all I have to ask
is, that, as between the Senator from Missouri and
mrsetf. the Senate will hare the kindness to de-
cide. In their derision I shall most cheerfully ac-
quiesce. His denunciation of the unconstitution-
ality of 'h  measure affects me not.
Sr. EWIXG. Mr. President, it is of some
importance to recollect what is the object of this
Ml, and what object is to be effected by its pas-
nrr. Now, 'he United Sta'es is the owner of all •
th<- lands in California which are not the property
of individ'nN. Of this there is no doubt. The
United States owns a t tt lirge proportion of the
lsnd«: and the object of this bill is to determine
what lands we will consider as the property of in-
dividual" and abandon to them, and to what lands
wt shall assert the claim of the United Mates.
We might, perhaps, get alone withont any legal
prorioion at all, and contest at law the title of
ererr individual >n California, and let him prorehis
title in a court  f jrjstice, and thus settle in detail
evcrr question of title th*re. But this would be
a very harsh proceeding, and instead of it this
bill propose* to appoint a commission, and let in-
di vidua1* who claim lands in California prove their
title in an easier manner, and relieve themselves
where they hare a clear title, or a title with which
the commissioner may be satisfied, from the diffi-
culty and necessity of a legal trial. We do not
act here as legislators; we act as a great landed
proprietor; and if this bill should become a law,
u e hold out by it a proposition to individuals who
claim titles to any part of the national domain
there to come before the commissioners, who shall
act as agents of the Government, and show what
title they hare; and we direct these commissioners
to examine these titles, and if found ralid, so to
report them to the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, who will gire the claimants a patent,
and thus settle all controversy as far as the united
States is concerned. Now, that we hare a right
to do that there can be no question; but in doing
it we do not absolutely settle the titles of individ-
uals except those which we confirm. The man
who does not see fit to come and assert his title
before the commissioners is exactly where he
would h«Tf been if this bill had not passed. He
may stand upon the same ground, notwithstanding
the passage of this bill, that he would stand upon
if no such bill had been passed. We do not at-
tempt by legislation to affect the title of anybody
whose title is secured by treaty. The treaty is a
paramount law, and we cannot touch it, and do
not propose to touch it. If an individual holds a
title under the Spanish or Mexican Government,
and does not see fit to come before commissioners,
he still retains that title to the land. Rut we pro-
pose to give him an opportunity to come before
the commissioners and adjust his title in a mode
which shall be easier, cheaper, and better for him
than to do it in a court of justice. Such is the ob-
ject and effect of the bill.
This leads me to say a single word with respect
to the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Georgia.
Mr. HALE. Will the Senator allow me to ask
him one question upon a point which has always
labored in my mind ?
Mr. EWING. Certainly.
Mr. HALE. I wish to ask the attention ofthe
Senator from Ohio to the provision in the thir-
teenth section of the bill, which is, that where a
claim is not presented within two years the lsnd
held by the claimant shall be deemed a part of
the public domain.
Mr. EW1NG. Land in that situation is subject
to contest; the United States may grant a patent
for it if they choose. Where an individual has
not presented his claim, the patentee will hold the
land if the individual claiming the land has not a
title—that is, if the United States had a title; but
if the United States had no title, the individual
who. gets the patent has no title; the treaty is the
paramount law, and carries the title to the individ-
ual who has a legal title under it. The bill is
therefore consistent in that particular. It is the
proposition of a great landholder, whose domain,
or part of whose domain, is claimed by individ-
uals. It is a proposition on the part of the United
States to receive and mrestigate the claims of indi-
riduals to the lands, and confirm the titles which
are good, and put them out of controversy.
Now, with respect to the provision which di.
rects that a patent shall not be issued until the
claim is settled between the individuals claiming
the land, it is proposed that the indiriduaf claimine
title to land shall come in and present his title, and
that, on confirmation of his claim, he shall have
his patent. But perhaps he is not the person who
is actually entitled to the land; perhaps the pat-
ent, if issued to him, will put a weapon in his
hands which he ought not to hare. It might not
settle the title, but incumber it, and create diffi-
culty and embarrassment, by resting the legal title
where, in equity and justice, it did not properly
belong.
To aroid this difficulty ihe bill, as amended by
the Senator from Georgia, provides that if any
person set up a claim adverse to that pending be-
fore the commissioners, or which shall have been
decided upon favorably by them, he may come
before a judge ofthe district court, and present his
title and obtain an injunction forbidding the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office to issue a
patent until the title shall have been decided as be-
tween the parties. The Commissioner is required
to issue patents transferring the title of the United
States, where the title is properly settled. This
proviso forbids him to act until the mntter is set-
tled, not only as to the United States, but as be-
tween contesting claimants. That is all there is
in that provision of the bill as proposed to be
amended. I prefer it lo the bill as reported by the
committee, because that authorized an actual legal
contest between individuals to be decided by our
courts in connection with the question of title be-
tween the United States and the party claimant)
whereas the bill, as amended, is far from this ob-
jection. It simply suspends the issuance of the
patent until it is determined by litigation infer
partts who is the individual entitled to it. Now,
if we look at this question in that point of light,
and consider the United States a great landholder,
arid these individuals as claiming lands pot yet
secured from the public domain, and if we con-
sider this bill as a mere proposition that will pro-
vide a tribunal before whom every one may pre-
sent his claim, and on the establishing of any claim
before this tribunal, that the United States will
quitclaim by patent all her titles, it relieres the
subject *>f every difficulty. The claimant who
does not choose to presqpt his claim before the
commissioners, still retains all the right he would
haTe or could have if we had not passed a bill of
this kind. I see no wrong in this proviso, and I
shall vote for it as amended, as 1 consider it bet-
ter than as originally reported by the committee.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. The eighth
section of this bill provides for settling and adjust-
ing claims which are derived under the Spanish or
Mexican Governments. It is limited tothat. This
commission is instituted, as I understand it, for
that purpose, and that alone. The Senator from
Ohio has said, as I think pertinently, that if an in-
dividual has already a good title rested in him by
law he may stand still. He may refuse to bring
his claim before this commission, and refusing to
do it, although you should adjudge that his tract
shall pass to the public domain, it will not divest
him of his title.
I hare but a remark to make. I was in hope*
that the Senator from Ohio [Mr. EwingJ would
hare touched upon the point; if he had, I should
not hare troubled the Senate. I was about to in-
quire of the honorable Senator from Georgia, [Mr.
Rerrieh,1 or any other member of the committee,
why it is that we should issue patents at all ? Sup-
pose this commission take up the inquiry, the
great object being to separate the public domain
from prirate property, and in their inrestigations
come to the decision, upon the evidence before
them, that the United States is not the owner of
the tract of land which is in controversy: why
should they undertake to settle who is the owner
under these circumstances? It would appear by
the statement of the honorable Senator from Ohio,
and it seems to be the common sense of the thing,
that the real owner of the land may not come be-
fore this commission at all. Some intermediate
claimant may come, and that intermediate claim-
ant may show a probable title. Why, then, under
such circumstances, should we issue a patent of
the United States to anybody? Why should we
gire it to a man who may hare no title at all ?
And why should not all these questions be left to
be carried into the State court of California, and
settled there between the parties resident there?
Why should they not be left to that tribunal?
And why should we not at once rid ourselres of
the inconvenience and possible injustice which
may grow out of issuing improper patents? That
is the point. I have not my mind made up on this
subject, but that is a point to which I desire to
invite the attention of the honorable Senator from
Georgia.
Mr. BENTON. I would say to the Senator
from Massachusetts who has just taken his seat,
[Mr. Davh,] that if he had waited a short time
he would have had a proposition for amendment
which will be offered, either by striking out or
inserting, which would bring up for decision the
important point he has mentioned. They will nil
be brought up in due time. Every part of this
bill will pass before the Senate, and in presenting
a part at a time, and in voting upon it, we shall
come to better conclusions. But in speaking to
other parts of the bill while we hnve particular
questions depending, we get away from the ques-
tion and decide nothing, but go off into the field
of eeneral debate.
This also applies to what was said by the Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. Kwino.] He has opened a
general question, and these eeneral questions are
entirely beside the psrticulnr question which is
, pending before the body. It opens a view of its
j own, and which I shall bring to the notice of the
