364
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 28,
who did not present his claim, and declare that |
upon his failure to present it his title should be
forfeited, it would be unconstitutional—it would be
attempting that which I think we have no right to
do, although even here I differ from gentlemen
whose opinions I very highly respect. But the
bill attempts no such thing. What does it do?
It provides that the land in such cases shall be*
deemed the property of the United States; that is,
that the United States will claim it, and treat it as
a part of the public domain. That is all. It
does not say that it shall be forfeited, but simply
that the individuals who hold lands, and who have
refused to make partition, shall be regarded as not
having any tide at all. If claimants do not choose
to have their titles examined and adjusted in the
modes proposed, the courts are open to them, and
they can try their titles on legal principles, with-
out any favor on our part.
But the Senator from New Hampshire says that
this provision will operate particularly to the in-
jury of individuals who have good titles, but which
they hare not thought proper to present for exam-
ination; that the law of the United States, and the
patent under the seal of the United States, will, in
their estimation, be superior to any title derived
from Spain or Mexico, and sanctioned by treaty.
In my opinion, practically no such case will arise,
but that all who have titles will come in and
present them. Men who are easily frightened will
take the alarm in time, come in, present their mu-
niments of title, and take a patent from the United
States. We give them every opportunity to do
this, and if any of them neglect or refuse, what are
we to do ? Surrender indiscriminately all the lands
that individuals set up claims to, no matter how
unfounded they may be? Shall we give them up
and say to the individuals that they can hold them
because they claim them, without showing tkeir
titles ? If we do that, our legislation on the sub-
ject is perfectly idle. But if we do not do that,
what are we to do ? We must treat the land as
the land of the United States, or as the land of the
individuals. We must do one or the other; and
where the claimant folds his arms and refuses to
present his title, and let us know nothing of what
it is he claims, how can we say that A has a bet-
ter title than B? We must claim all or none. •
We must surrender everything to individuals who j
pretend to set up a title, no matter how vain, or
we must consider every individual who refuses to
present his title as having none, until it is decided
in a court of justice. I see no injustice, no ini-
quity, no hardship, no unconstitutionally in that.
There was in the first draught of the original bill a
provision to the effect that " the individual who
refused or neglected to present his claim before
the board of commissioners should forfet it." I
think that was a provision not within the pale of
our constitutional power.
Mr. BERRIEN. Not the bill of the commit-
tee.
Mr. EWING. No, but in the first draught of
the original bill. That was, as I think, wrong.
But the provision that those lands shall be deemed
the property of the United States, or treated as
auch, is nothing but a mere assertion of title on
our part until the contrary is shown. 1
Mr. BENTON. Mr. President, this debate I
keeps going on, on the general subject, while there !
is a particular question pending. 1
The PRESIDENT. The Chair has stated the j
question several times. Senators have taken a '
ranee wTiich could not be restrained very easily. !
Mr. BEN*TON. If gentlemen, instead of con- 1
fining themselves to the particular question before
the Senate, speak of the general subject, they
force me to reply and present general views. I
assure gentlemen there will be propositions of
amendment enough offered to cover every point,
by motions to strike out or to insert. The whole
bill will be attacked at every point. It is funda- '
mentally wrong, as well as wrong in detail, arid j
will have all its enormities laid bare.
Now, Mr. President, I wish to state, since I !
am forced into general views, that the first thing j
which has been done heretofore in those countries j
where we acquired new people and new lands, is j
a measure of common sense; and that is, the open-
ing of the office of a recorder of land titles, and [
requiring everybody to go to that recorder of land
titles, and register his claim, precisely as every
holder of a deed or patent to land in each of our :
States is required to register it in the county in |j
i which the land lies. Just the same principle ap-
: plies in the one case as in the other. And this re-
corder of land titles does nothing but receive and
record, as the register in the counties does nothing
but receive and register. In the laws heretofore
fiassed provision has been made for a recorder of
and titles. By the first law ever passed for Upper
Louisiana, there was a recorder of land titles pro-
vided—whose office continues even to this day—
in whose office all the titles and evidences of titles
are collected and kept, and where every person
who wishes to trace a title goes as to a public of-
fice and has a right to ask for a copy, and, for a
moderate fee, receives it. Here we nave a bill in
which a recorder of land titles is not even named—
in which the idea of a recorder of land titles is not
even comprehended; all laws for the registration
1 of deeds, say they, shall be forfeited, if not regis-
tered within a given time. The same applies to
the recorder of land titles. But here is a total con-
fusion in this bill, a universal confounding of whfct
applies to a tribunal to try land claims, and a re-
corder of lands. The Judiciary Committee has
confounded the office of recorder and the board of
commissioners.
But this is beginning at a place where I did not
want to begin, offering a part of the subject which
I did not wish to offer. There will be a proposi-
tion to establish a recorder of land titles, according
to the old practice, to which recorder of land titles
every person claiming lands, by a perfect or im-
perfect title, is bound to go and register his lands
upon the penalty of losing them. The community
has a right to know what are the titles and what
are the claims of the country. The community
have a right to .know it for their own security.
And while the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Ewing] is
right in his general idea that every man must come
up and record his title, he is wrong in the applica-
tion of the idea.' He applies to the board what is
only applicable to the recorder. This recorder of
land titles is an indispensable officer. Every man
must register his title with him on pain of forfeit-
ure, that all titles and claims, good or bad, may
be seen by the whole community. He must do
that, and if he does not do that he forfeits his title.
But all this doctrine is here applied to a bill of the
! most onerous exactions—a bill to try his title in-
i stead of only registering it.
Mr. President, I must say to the Senator from
Sooth Carolina, [Mr. Butler,] who spoke a few
j words on this occasion, that I am sorry to find he
j did not look into this subject. He says he left it
i to those who have been engaged in the practice of
I the law with respect to land claims. But he stated
a legal principle, that you cannot divest these peo-
ple of their rights; that the courts will secure it
to them in the end; that there is no such thing by
possibility as legislating away a man's property
in land. In all that he spoke like a judge, like an
upright judge, like a learned judge, but he did not
speak as a man acquainted with the way in which
the affairs of mankind are managed. This bill
subjects a man to three trials for his land, and on
rigorous conditions, and with forfeiture if he does
not comply with all the conditions, and finally suc-
j ceed. If he fails in any condition or final success,
! there is a forfeiture; his lands have gone into the
' mass of national domain; they are surveyed as
; public property, and are sold as public property.
Now, how much is the legal right of that man
worth ? How much is the eventual security of his
property worth ? What is the reversion worth ?
He has a farm, I do not care whether it be large
or small, for that makes no sort of difference. If
it is large—if it is eleven leagues square—the
maximum which was allowed to be granted in I
California by the colonial authorities—suppose it
is declared to be public property. There is then
perhaps a settler on every quarter section of it,
and on the whole of it there will be some thousand
people. The party dispossessed holds the law in
his hand, which the judges will tell him in the end
is an absolute protection to him—the law of na-
tions, the Constitution of the United States, the
treaty with Mexico. He will be told that all these
are absolute protections to his property. So the
judges will tell him; but when will they tell him
so ? At the end of what ? After he has been sub-
jected to trials and to harassing by some thousand
people, who have established themselves upon his
grounds, and who have bought their quarter sec-
tions. At the end of all the suits to which this
will give rise; at the end of all the costs and ex-
penses which will result in maintaining all these
suits; after all the agony and feeling which will
come from it; after all the loss of time, all the
neglect of business, all the sorrow of heart which
must result from so many years af struggling for
his property, if he is able to work or to get up to
the Supreme Court, the Supreme Court will tell him
that all this has been illegal, and that he is entitled
to his property. But what is that worth ? What
is the reversion of su:h a title worth to him then ?
What is any man's land worth to him after he has
gone through such a process to save it ?
Sir, when a man is armed with the power of
State to sue and harass another man, that man that
is thus to be harassed is to be a ruined man. Do
not tell me anything about laws, about treaties !
While that is all very nice on paper, it is nothing
while the actuality is going on upon the ground;
while the lawsuits are going on, while the struggle
is going on, while years of ansruish are rolling
over, while bloodshed is taking place in respect to
these possessions. Sir, your Constitution, your
treaty, your laws are all sleeping during that whole
time, while the terrible and ruinous process is in
the course of progress. We must therefore act as
men, and not merely as lawyers or judges. We
must see the practical operation of this; we must
see the ruinous consequences of arming any part
of the community with the power to harass and
attack another part. There will be found some-
body to do it. The mass of the people will refuse
to do it, because the great mass of mankind have
a feeling of equity in them that will prevent them
from attacking the property of others, even under
the forms of law. But there are men who will do
it; who will go and attack the claimants upon a
calculation deliberately made, that they will either
law them or scare them out of their lands, and
either will answer their purposes. Are we to do
wrong that a man may get righted after he is
ruined? We arm persons with the whole power of
the Federal Government to harass and drag into
court any claimant, and then say to the claim-
ant, if he gets the upper hand of you, if he gets
your property in the two courts below, why, it is
j wrong, and the judges above will set it right.
What is that to him when his property has been
destroyed, swallowed up in expenses, and his life
I' worn out in a seven years' struggle? Sir, the
wrong is in the first step—in the act of legislation
which permits such a thing to be done. Laws
should quiet lawsuits, and not instigate them. I
say, sir, it is wrong to make a law in the first in-
stance by which you endanger or harass a man's
property, much more the property of a whole com-
munity.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will be under
the necessity of confining Senators more to the
amendment which is before the Senate. Debate
has proceeded on every part of the bill except that
under consideration. The question is on the prop-
osition of the Senator from Georgia to amend the
first proviso in the thirteenth section by inserting
the words that have been read, and striking out
the thirty-second and thirty-third lines. Is the
Senate ready for the question ?
The amendments were agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The question now is on
striking out the first proviso in the thirteenth sec-
tion as it has been amended.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton, Chase, Dodge of Wisconsin,
Dodge of Iowa, Jones, Pratt, Bhett, Seward, 8oul6, and
Whitcomb—10. '
NAYS-rMessrs. Atchison, Badger, Baldwin, Berrien,
Borland, Bradbury, Bright, Butler, Cass, Cooper, Davis
of Massachusetts, Dawson, Dayton, Dickinson, Douglas,
Downs, Swing, Felch, Foote, Gwin, Hale,King, Mangum,
Miller, Morton, Norris, Phelps, Rusk, Shields, Spruance,
Sturgeon, Turney, Underwood, Upham, Wales, Walker,
and Winthrop—37.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BERRIEN. Mr. President, to make the #
residue of the section conform to the amendments
which have been adopted by the Senate, I move
to strike out in the thirty-fourth line the words
" provided further that."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BERRIEN. I move to strike out in the
thirty-sixth line the word "presentment," and
insert the word " hearing."
Mr. WALKER. If this amendment prevails,
what is to prevent the issuing of a patent between
the time of the presentment of the petition and
the hearing ?
