1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
865
Mr. RFRRIF.N. The judge, it is prfsumfd,
ws.l make an order for the mum of the petition
at an «r!v day, and, until the investigation of the
tit'e shall have takri) place, no order inhibiting
the i«ue of the pattut can be made.
Mr. W \LKEK. It relates then to the prelimi-
nary and not to the final hearing.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KKHRItN. I now move to amend the
thtrteenth section, by adding at the end of it the
words:
™ til until atrmt (saw «h*H, in the opinion of the aid
bar* b*ea si iowvd fee obtammf the Muae, utj ihere-
ukf ifec MMti *tMO| b 
The smwdneot was «cmd to.
As lb  latter pari of the 13th section (after the
part which it had been proposed by Mr. Bintox
to strike ouO hail been amended, it reads:
* ft *hal! m^r H* UwAtl for the district judg* of ihe
Tailed Sate#, ipmi tike btmnnt of  aeh petition, *> irant
ao tiimr.«i oa t  rv* trait* the party at wtw*e the
rlataa m Um* aaiU land* ha* h*«n* ecmfliwd, ft©«> *uinj *>ut
a natrot tof ihe ««r, antil the title ibe«vt   "hall he
a M vhtfh er^f *hili be traaxtntftrd to the Commit
 V" !&«• <;*a*faf I,and Oier, anritheieupon no palest
ihatt i«Nw aabtl ta*k ckci Ma be made. or antil satfu-tent
6ib^ *J ah, in th * optaioa of the *aid (ttd?*, hav* been al-
towrwd tor afctaiatac the laa*, aad thereafter the said  n-
3nPtKM shall be d}«o(vN.M
Mr. WALKER. I propose now to add at the
end of the section, as it has been amended, the
following proviso:
ftanM, bwiw. That in mry a« when a patent
ifeal! W want. the patrnl <hntl operate as a rrlinquwhmeot
•all at the oik- of the I'aittrf Stain M> the laad painted.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. BENTON*. I would suggest that before
we adjourn it would perhaps be more convenient
to the Senate to make some order about the print-
ing of the amendments which I shall offer. It
might be more convenient to the Senate to have
th* smendments submitted altogether and printed.
The motion to adjourn was agreed to, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
WtsitwiT, Jomt) 29, 1351.
The House met at twelve o'clock. The Jour-
■ai of yesterday was read and approved.
CLAIMS Of SEW HAMPSHIRE.
Mr. PEASLEE, by unanimous consent, and in
pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill au-
thortring the allowance of interest to the State of
New Hampshire for advances made for the use of
the Unueii States in repelling invasion and in sup-
pressing insurrection at Indian Stream, in said
State; which was read a first and second time by
its title, and referred to the Committee on the Ju-
didary.
withdrawal of papers.
Ob motion by Mr. THOMAS, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted to withdraw from the
ties of the House, for the purpose of presentation
at one of the executive departments, the petition
and papers in the case of John Ditty, senior, ask-
ing for the payment of a certain depreciated Penn-
sylvania certificate, which was received in pay-
ment of revolutionary services.
On rnotimi by Mr. DISNEY, by unanimous
consent, leave was eranted to withdraw from the
files the petition and papers of Thomas Q.uan trill.
Mr. BURT called for the regular order of busi-
hom esteads.
The SPEAKER said that the regular order of
business having been called for, the first business
in order was the motion made by the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Jcuu,l to reconsider the
rote by which the following bill was referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union: " The bill of the House to encourage agri-
culture, commerce, manufactures, and all other
branches of industry, by granting to every roan
who is the head of a family, and a citizen of
the United States, a homestead of one hundred
and sixty acres of land out of the public domain,
upon condition of occupancy and cultivation of
the same for the period therein specified."
Mr. JULIEN being entitled to the floor, rose
and addressed the House for about an hour in favor
of the bill. (For his speech see Appendix.]
After Mr. J. had concluded,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, said: I have no
disposition to make a speech on the present occa-
sion. I am folly aware of the state of the public
business, and that there are many gentlemen who j
are ready to make reports to the House from the
various committees. lam not,therefore,desirous
of consuming the time of the House under such
circumstances, and if it is the pleasure of the House
that the call of the committees for reports should
be proceeded with. I am willing that this question
should be passed over informally. Unless the
committees are called for reports, I will move that
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union on the special
order.
Mr. McCLERN AND hoped that the call of the
Committees for reports would be continued.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, desired to ask
the Chair whether, if the House passed over this
question without a vote, it would follow that it
would come tip every morning as the first business
in order until disposed of? The session was nearly
over, and he hoped that if sttch were the case, that
some action would be taken on it now.
The SPEAKER stated, that if the motion to
reconsider were passed over, it would be in the
power of any member of the House to call up the
motion to reconsider. But the Chair would not
announce it as the regular order of business until
it wns called for.
Mr. HIBBARD inquired whether a motion to
lay the motion to reconsider on the'table was in
order?
The SPEAKER stated that it was not, whilst
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Johnson] was
on the floor. This question must first be disposed
of. The Chair desired to know if there was any
objection to its being passed over informally ?
Mr. BURT said he did not hear the gentleman
from Tennessee distinctly, and desired to inquire
whether that gentleman signified his willingness
that the motion to reconsider should not be called
up until all the committees had been called for re-
ports5
Mr. JOHNSON said that was his intention.
Mr. BURT said that under those circumstances,
he was perfectly willing that the question should
be passed over informally.
The SPEAKER stated that the question to re-
consider could be at any moment called up; but
that the Chair understood that it was the general
wish of the House that the vote on the motion to
reconsider should be passed over, and that the
Chair proceed with the call of the committees for
reports.
The SPEAKER proceeded to call the commit-
tees for reports, commencing where thecal! was
left off.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. CROWELL, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, made adverse reports in the follow-
ing eases; which were ordered to lie on the table
and be printed:
On the memorial of Peter Randon, representa-
tive of John Randon, deceased, praying indem-
nity for property destroyed during the Creek war;
On the petition of E. D. McKinney, R. J. Mc-
Elhany, and N. R. Smith, the sureties of Samuel
H. Bunch, praying relief from liability on account
of f1,000 alleged to have been stolen from said
Bunch; and
On the petition of the legal representatives of
Captain William Armstrong, for certain services
as an Indian agent.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, from the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, asked that the said com-
mittee be distjiarged from the further consideration
of the memorial of A. B. Dawson, of Mississippi,
asking indemnity for losses sustained in the Creek
nation.
Mr. J. stated that he was instructed by the
Committee on Indian Affairs to report adversely
in this case. As it was merely a verbal report,
he would explain that a large number of similar
cases had been preferred at the Twenty-seventh
Congress, and had been reported upon adversely.
This case appeared to the committee to be qs
meritorious as any other, but that the committee
declined to act upon it, unless the whole class
were also acled upon.
The memorial was then ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, also, from the
tame committee, to which had been referred the
bill from the Senate, (No. 317,) entitled." An net
for the relief of Theodore Elliot," reported the
same back without amendment, and with a rec-
ommendation that it do pass; which bill was re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and
made the order of the<day for to-morrow.
Mr. J. said that he had been instructed by the
committee to ask at an early day that the com-
mittee be discharged from the consideration of the
bill, and that it be put on its passage.
Mr. J. also, from the same committee, to which
had been referred Senate bill No. 82, entitled •' An
act fortherelief of Lewis A. Thomas and Thomas
Rogers," reported the same back without amend-
ment, and with a recommendation that it do not
pass.
Mr. J. said that the claim had been paid, and
that there was no necessity, therefore, for the pas-
sage of the bill.
On motion by Mr. J., the bill was then laid
upon the table.
Mr. J. also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the bill entitled " An act for the re-
lief of Hugh J. McClintock, Harrison Gill, and
Mansfield Carter," reported the same back with-
out amendment, and it was referred to a Commit-
tee of the Whole House, and made the order of
the day for to-morrow.
JOHN H. HORN.
Mr. J. also, from the same committee, reported
a joint resolution for the relief of John H. Horn;
which was read a first and second time by its title.
Mr. J. asked that the resolution be read through,
and that it be put on its passage.
The resolution having been again read,
Mr. J. briefly explained the nature of this claim,
and enforced its justice in a few remarks, which
were inaudible to the Reporter.
Mr. CROWELL stated that the Committee on
Indian Affairs had carefully investigated the merits
of the claim, and had decided unanimously in
favor of the passage of the resolution. He would
therefore move the previous question.
The previous question received a second, and
the main question was ordered; which main ques-
tion (being on ordering the joint resolution to be
engrossed and read a third time) was put, and car-
ried in the affirmative.
The resolution was read the third time and
passed.
Mr. JOHNSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the House had passed the joint resolu-
tion, and to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. CLARKE, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to which was referred the petition of Jacob
Bread and Daniel Cornelius, chiefs and delegates
of the First Christian and Orchard parties of the
Oneida Indians, in Wisconsin, made a report, ac-
companied by a bill for the relief of the First Chris-
tian and Orchard parties of Indians in Wisconsin;
which bill and report were referred to a committee
of the Whole House, made the order of the day
for to-morrow, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, from the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, reported a bill for the re-
lief of Mary Woodbury and Elizabeth Odell; which
was read a first and second time bv its title, referred
to a committee of the Whole House, and made
the order of the day for to-morrow, and with the
accompaning report ordered to be printed.
Mr. BURT. 1 believe that the morning hour
has about expired, and 1 will therefore move that
the rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. McCLERNAND inquired if the moming
hour had expired'
The SPEAKER said that it lacked four minutes
of having expired.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, hoped that the call of
committees for reports would be continued.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
The question was then taken on Mr. Bitot's
motion, and it was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Meade in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the deficiency bill.
The CHAIRMAN stated, that when the com-
mittee last rose, the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Strong] had moved an amendment as a sepa-
rate clause—to modifiy the existing tariff law—to
come in at the end of the bill, and upon that
, amendment the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
