1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
367
lb* rraioval of a twk in Saukuunet rim. Rhode Island,
For the improvement of the harbor at New Castle, Dela-
ware. gil.viw.
1'or t:w improvement of the harbor at Newark, New Jer-
 f. th*> Bar of Newark. and the Kills westward
Q! like imrtllll t i tttf bay, $15,000.
f'.-r tlve luipmremeat ot" the barber at Port Peon, Dela-
ware. tNr R-'\!v !~l-uu!, at the discretion of the Secretary of
IV ar,
IVr me completing of the removal ot' the sand aboal in
Pam!'^* nrer. below Washington, North Carolina, £: ,000.
K t the continuation ofth- Delaware breakwater, «50,000.
For the ifflpcovraiflit and farther survey of the harbor at
Baltimore city, below the Port Warden's line, and the Pa
taas'o nver. inuu the said Port Warden's line to the mouth
i* *ant m«, $30,000.
For the repair and preservation of the harbors on the
roast nt the Vl.tnte ocean A'30,000.
Fur the mnoval of obstructions to the navigation of the
Hudson niw, sbov* and below Albany, $73,000.
Por the reiH.o al oe' the obstructions to the navigation of
the St. flair river, connecting the tinner and lower Lakes,
for tiie improvement of the Ohio river above the Falls It
Lom-villc. ■fW.000.
for the improvement of the Mississippi river, the Ohio
river hrkw the Falls at Louisville, and the Missouri and
Arkansas rivers, $-W0,000.
For the improvement of the Red river, $80,000.
For the repair of the dam at the head of Cumberland Isl-
and. in the t Uno nver, £50.000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Stamford, Connec-
ticut. $5,000.
For the improvement of the Hoe Island channel, in
the harbor at Charleston, South Carolina, 4>25,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Manitowac, in the
State of Wisconsin, $10,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Sheboygan, in the
State of Wisconsin, $10,000.
For the improvement of the upper and lower rapids of the
M isslssrppi nver, A50.000.
For the improvement of the Hlitigate channel, in New
York harbor, ADO,000
For the removal of rocks obstructing the navigation of
Ct*srock Bay. near Falls Island, below the Port of Pem-
broke. on the coa«t of Maine -«5,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at the month of Sagi-
naw river, in Saginaw Bay, on Lake Horon. *10,000.
For the improvement of the Bayou La Fourche, in the
Mississippi river. $3a,000.
For the improvement and further survev of the harbor at
the mouth of CKntno nver, on Lake St Clair, in the State
of Michigan, $10.(W0.
For I be improvement of the barfcor at Pultneyville, in the
State or Xnr York, on Lake Ontario, <10,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at the month of Black
river, in the State of Michigan, $10,000.
For a survey of the harbor at Beaufort, North Carolina,
with an estimate of the cost and advantages to said harbor,
of connecting the river Neuse therewith, $V>00.
For the survey of the Mississippi river above the Falls of
St. Anthony, for the purpose of ascertaining what improve -
merit* (and the expense thereof) can be made in the navi-
gation at Sank and Pike rapids, $S,000.
For completing the topographical and hydrographical
survey of the delta of the Mississippi river, together with
additional surveys, having reference to the overflowing of
die Mississippi river, $30^000.
For a survey of the harbor al Mobile, #5,000.
For surveying the entrance to Taunton harbor, Massa-
chusetts. $1JM.
For the improvement and farther survey of the harbor at
Vehmand city, Virginia, and the James river from said
harbor to die mouth of said river, (90,000.
For the construction of snag and dredge boats, and dis-
charging scows, for the removal of obstructions in the har- '
bars on the coast ofTexas, $50,000.
For the removal of Middle Rock, designated on the chart
as -■ Rocky Buoy," in the harbor of New Haven, Connec-
ticut, $6.M0.
When the amendment had been partly read,
Mr. INGE rose and said that he thought it
wait the daty of the Chair to rule the amendment
out of order. Enough of it had been read to show
that it was out of order.
The CHAIRMAN asked if the gentleman from
Alabama raised the point rff order.
Mr. INGE said that he did.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio out of
order, not only for the reasons that applied to the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Strong,] but for an additional reason: the
131st rule provides that—
" No motion or proposition for a tax or charge npon the
people shall tie discussed the day in which it is made or
offered; and every inch proportion shall receive its first
discussion in a Committer- of the Whole House."
The discussion contemplated in that role could
certainly not be the five minutes' discussion allowed
on amendments. This is the first day on which
this amendment has been offered, and is in contra-
vention of the rule just read; and the Chair there-
fore decides it out of order.
Mr. SCHENCK appealed from the decision of
the Chair, and demanded tellers; and tellers were
ordered.
Mr. S. said that this amendment was not exact-
ly the same as the river and harbor bill heretofore
reported to the House. It also contained a pro-
vision respecting the raising of the revenue out of
which these appropriations were to be paid.
[Loud cries of "Order!" and "Question !"1
The question, Shall the decision of the Cnair
stand as the judgment of the committee? was then
taken by tellers, (Messrs. h< Sere and Van
Dyke acting,) and it was decided in the affirmative
—ayes 103, noes 70.
So the decision of the Chair was confirmed.
THE MONEYS LOANED THE STATES.
Mr. HOLMES offered the following amend-
ment:
,t dheit farther enacted. That If there be any deficiency
in the Treasury of the United States during the" fiscal war
neit ensuing, that the Secretary of the Treasury shall'
call upon the several States to pay to the Treasury the sums
loaned or deposited with the States; and that the sums be
paid in such installments as ma> be most convenient to the
United States, and least onerous) to the several States.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out of
order.
Mr. HOLMES requested the Chair to state the
grounds of his decision.
Mr. JONES rose to a point of order.
Mr. HOLMES said that he had the floor already
upon a point of order.
Mr. JONES said that his point of order was
that tills amendment was contrary to the 55th rule
of the House.
The CHAIRMAN stated that he had already
decided that the amendment was out of order.
Mr. HOLMES. I want to aak a question,and
I will. Is not this a bill?
Mr. BAYLY. I call thegentleman from South
Carolina to order.
Mr. HOLMES. I hare a right to ask the Chair
a question.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia will state his point of order.
Mr. BAYLY. My point of order is, that an
appeal from the decision of the Chair is not de-
batable, either by asking questions of the Chair
or otherwise.
Mr. HOLMES. I merely wish to aak the Chair
a question; and that is, whether this is not a de-
ficiency bill, and whether it is not in order to sup-
ply the deficiency by any mode not originally pro-
posed in the bill ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from South Carolina, that the Chair
is of opinion that this is a bill to supply deficien-
cies in the revenue, particularly as applicable to i
the current fiscal year, and not to the ensuing year !
to which the gentleman's amendment has reference.
HOME VALUATION ON COTTONS.
Mr. TUCK offered the following amendment:
Sec. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That upon all cotton
fabrics, plain and colored, stained and unstained, imported
after the 30th day of June, 1851, there shall be assessed and i
paid a duty of twenty-five per cent on the value such ar-
ticles manufactured of cotton bore in the principal markets '
of the United States on the 29th day of July, 1846. Said !
value to be ascertained and declared by the Secretary of
the Treasury.
The CHAIRMAN decided that the amendment
was out of order, on the ground that it was irrele-
vant to the bill.
Mr. TUCK appealed from the decision of the
Chair.
The question was then taken, "Shall the de-
cision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
committee?" and itwas decided in the affirmative.
Mr. BAYLY moved that thecommitte rise and
report the bill; which motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose, and
The SPEAKER having resumed the chair, the
chairman of the committee reported that the com- |
mittee had had under consideration the deficiency
bill, and had instructed him to report the same with
sundry amendments.
The SPEAKER stated that the question was on
concurring in the amendments of the Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. BAYLY demanded the previous question;
and the question now being upon seconding the
demand,
Mr. STRONG called for the yeas and nays. ,
The SPEAKER said that the yeas and nays
could not be ordered on seconding the demand for
the previous question.
The question was then taken whether there was
a second to the demand for the previous question,
and it was seconded—ayes 105, noes not counted.
The question recurring, Shall the main question
be now put ?—
Mr. STRONG demanded the yeas and nays,
and tellers, to ascertain w hether they were or-
dered.
Tellers were ordered, and Mr. Ewing and Mr.
Calvin were appointed; who, upon taking a
count, reported ayes 40—one fifth of the number
present.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SCHENCK inquired of the Chair whether,
if the main question was not ordered to be put, the
bill did not go over?
The SPEAKER said he would inform the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] that if the
main question was not ordered to be put, the bill
would go over till to-morrow, when the question
would again recur upon ordering the main ques-
tion to be put.
Mr. McGAUGHEY inquired whether it would
not be as impossible to amend the bill to-morrow
as it was to-day ?
The SPEAKER said, the question would be
precisely in the same situation to-morrow as it
was to-day.
Mr. McGAUGHEY asked if it would be in
order to reconsider the vote just taken by which
the demand for the previous question was sec-
onded ?
The SPEAKER said it would not be in order.
The question, Shall the main question be now
put' having recurred, it was taken, and resulted
yeas 145, nays 54.
So the main question was ordered to be put.
The question then recurred upon agreeing to
the amendments reported by the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The amendments having been severally read,
On motion by Mr. MEADE, by unanimous
consent, " one dollar" was stricken from the sal-
ary of the chief clerk in the Third Auditor's office,
so as to leave it $1,600.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ments of the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and they were severally concurred
in.
The question then recurred upon ordering the
bill to be engrossed, and read a third time.
Mr. BAYLY moved the previous question,
which was seconded, and the main question or-
dered.
Mr. EVANS demanded the yeas and nays upon
ordering the bill to be engrossed, and read the
third timS; and they were not ordered.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed; and
having been engrossed, was read the third time
and passed.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the vote by which the
bill was passed be reconsidered, and that that mo-
tion be laid upon the table; which latter motion
was agTeed to.
BRANCH MINTS.
Mr. BRIGGS moved that the rules be suspend-
ed, and that the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, o«
the special order.
Mr. MEADE inquired what was the special
order ? •
The SPEAKER said that the special order was
Senate -bill No. 24, to establish a branch mint of
the United States in the city of New York, and a
branch mint and assayer's office at San Francis-
co, in California.
* The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Briggs, and it was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole, (Mr. Cartter in the
chair,) and took up the special order—the branch
mint bill.
The bill having been read through,
Mr. BRIGGS rose and addressed the House as
follows:
Mr. Chairman : I do not design to occupy the
time of this committee long on a question so
well understood by every member of this House,
as that of the urgent necessity for establishing a
Branch of the Mint of the United States in the
city of New York, and at San Francisco, Califor-
nia, which this bill provides.
This bill, Mr. Chairman, passed the Senatp on
the 31st of May last, by n very large majority,
after undergoing a long and earnest debate upon
its merits. The Committee on Commerce of this
House, near the close of the last session, reported,
through my honorable colleague, a member of that
committee, most fully and aljiy a mass of statis-
