868
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 29.
ticaJ facts, till having a direct bearing on this meas-
ure; and as I doubt not these facts are still fresh
in the minds of gentlemen, it would be a wanton
waste of time for me to recapitulate them here.
This is no new question to this House. In the
Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth Congresses, a bill to
establish a Mint in the city of New York passed,
and I believe for the want of time, was not con-
sidered in the Senate. If there existed at those
periods a necessity for a Mint—at a time, too, be-
fore gold to any extent had been acquired from
California—how much greater, all must admit,
does the necessity exist to-day for increased facili-
ties for the coinage of the vast amount of dust con-
stantly arriving at New York from the Pacific
coast, and which, in all human probability, will so
continue to arrive until the end of time ?
The receipts of gold dust and bullion at the port
of New York during the year ending the 31st of
December, 1850, amounted to $30,167,990, the
transmission of which to Philadelphia for coinage
subjected the owners to great risk and expense.
Of this amount, was received—
January 19, per steamer California $320,000
February 9, " Empire City 1,170,255
" 16, " Cherokee  204,701
March 9, " Empire City  6,000
« 12, " Georgia  791,127
« 12, " Cherokee  280,184
" 28, " Crescent City  6,846
April 6, " Cherokee 1,004,085
" 9, " Georgia  4,000
" SS, " Ohio  224,832
May 24, " Philadelphia  623,750
June 11, " Cherokee 1,152,860
July 6, " Philadelphia 1,942,220
" 24, " Empire City  12,000
" 24, « Cherokee 1,694,299
August 6, " Cherokee 1,989,958
* SI, " Philadelphia  682,957
" 24, " Ohio 
September 6, " Cherokee 1,610,989
" 6, " Empire City 1,156,000
" 20, " Philadelphia  1,050,000
" 27, " Ohio  500,000
October 5, " Cherokee  996,998
" 5, " Empire City  545,117
" 18, " Crescent City 1,072,500
" 19, " Philadelphia  800,000
November 8, " Georgia.  664,209
" 8, " Cherokee 1,593,908
" 21, " Crescent City 1,386,776
" 23, « Ohio  800,000
December 7, " Empire City 3,571,004
" 81, " Cherokee 1,944,883
The Mint at Philadelphia during the past year
has coined very little else than twenty-dollar
pieces, (as 1 will presently show by the returns of
the Director,) thereby causing great scarcity of the
smaller coin, which is seriously felt in all business
transactions. It requires as much time and labor
to coin the smallest as it does to coin the largest
pieces. Had the Mint at Philadelphia, therefore,
instead of coining 1,170,261 double eagles, con-
fined itself principally to eagles, half and quarter
eagles, and one-dollar pieces, it can readily be seen
how meagre the result would have been.
The whole amount of gold coined at Philadel-
jjtia for the year just closed is $27,756,445; of
which $23,405,220 were in double eagles. During
the previous year no pieces of that denomination
were made. Ther® was also coined in eagles
$2,914,510; while of half eagles, quarter eagles, and
"gold dollars," only $1,436,715 were coined du-
ring the whole year. Thus you see, Mr. Chair-
man, that although the Mint at Philadelphia con-
fined its operations almost exclusively to double
eagles, it was not able to keep up with the deposits
of gold dust,—having on hand and awaiting coin-
age at the end of the year, $5,393,555.
Had the Mint coined during the past year an
equal proportion of the small coin to the large, as
the daily wants of the country required, there
would probably, instead of five, have been fifteen
ntillions of dust and bullion on band; thus show-
ing, conclusively, Mr. Chairman, to my mind,
and I trust to tne minds of the committee, that
the Mint at Philadelphia does not possess the
capacity or ability to discharge the vast amount of
business accumulating upon it; and that Congress
is loudly called upon to increase the facilities for
coinage, for which this bill amply provides, by
establishing a Mint in the city or New York, the
commercial and financial centre of the country,
where is collected, at the present time, more than
two thirds of our whole revenue from customs.
And I confidently predict, Mr. Chairman, judging
from the unparalleled increase of the population ana
wealth of this country the past twenty-five years,
THAT THE CITY Or NSW YORK WILL BB, AT A |
time not vert far distant, the commercial
and moneyed centre of the whole civilized
world.
As I have said before, the receipts of gold dust
and bullion from California, at the port of New
Y ork during the past year am ounted to $30,160,920;
and that, too, on New York account, as I can
readily show.* It is not unreasonable, therefore,
to estimate the receipts for the ensuing year at
$50,000,000, as all reliable accounts from Califor-
nia go to confirm the belief that gold there exists
in quartz rock and otherwise, in inexhaustible
quantities. In estimating the receipts for 1851 at
$50,000,000,1 form my opinion from the foliow-
lng >!,
receipts for 1850:
First six months, (to July 1,1850).. .$10,101,624
Last six months, (to Jan. 1,1851)... 20,059,296
Showing an increase of the last half over the
first half of 1850, of fifty per cent.
The Secretary of the Treasury, in his other-
wise very able report, in speaking of the capacity
of the Mint at Philadelphia, says:
"In order, however, that the receivers of the precious
metals from abroad, and particularly at New York—where
the greater portion of them arrive—may the more promptly
and without expense, realize the amount, I would recom-
mend to Congress that this Department should be author-
ized to receive all gold or silver bullion intended for coinage,
and so soon as it could be assayed, and the correct value of
it ascertained, that Mint certificates should be issued for
the same in convenient sums, at the option of the owners,
which certificates should be made receivable for all dues to
the United States, the Government being at the expense of
conveying luck bullion to the Mint for coinage."
It is seen, Mr. Chairman, by the quotation from
the Secretary's report which I have just read, that
he recommends the establishment of an assaying
office in New York, and that the expense of trans-
; mitting the bullion to Philadelphia be borne by
the General Government. According to my esti-
mate of the receipts of gold dust and bullion at the i
city of New York for the present year, and which |
I think I have put at the moderate sum of fifty mil- :
lions, and the receipts thus far justify such an esti-
mate, the expense of transmitting the same to :
: Philadelphia would amount, at one fourth of one
per cent., (which is the current charge,) to one |
hundred and twenty-five thousand dollars; and by
adopting this plan of the Secretary of the Treasury
he Government would be called upon in two
years to pay for such transmission, a sum suf-
ficient to build a Mint in New York—the bill now
under, consideration only calling for two hundred
and twenty-five thousand. I ao not think, Mr.
Chairman, that the country is yet prepared to be
taxed thus heavily in forcing business from its
legitimate channel.
The establishment of a Mint at San Francisco,
I do not think would diminish much, if any, the
shipment of gold dust direct to New York. The
Mint at that city would find full employment in
coining the vast amount of dust now shipped to
almost all parts of the globe on foreign account.
1 have thus, Mr. Chairman, very briefly given
some of the leading reasons in favor of a Branch
Mint at New York,and I earnestly calluponevery
friend of the bill to stand by it as it is—entertain-
ing no amendments, however plausible they may
appear: for, if the bill is amended, it must neces-
sarily go back to the Senate for its concurrence,
and with the heavy pressure of business upon that
body, and from want of time to consider it, there
would be great danger of its being lost.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the bill would
now be read section by section, with the view to
amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER obtained the floor, and sub-
mitted a substitute for the Senate bill.
The CHAIRMAN said that the gentleman's
amendment would be entertained, but not acted
upon until the original bill was perfected.
Mr. Chandler s substitute was then read.
Mr. HOLMES asked if it was now in order to
amend the second clause of the bill ?
The CHAIRMAN said it was not in order now.
Mr. CHANDLER resumed the floor; but
yielded it to
Mr. BROOKS, who moved that the committee
rise.
The question was put, and the motion was
agreed to.
The committee rose accordingly; and the Speak-
* P«r manifest! in my poMtaiion.
er having resumed the chair, the chairman of the
committee reported that the committee had liad the
Union generally under consideration, and particu-
larly the branch mint bill, and had come to no
conclusion thereon.
CLOSE OF DEBATE.
Mr. BRIGGS offered the usual resolution to
close debate on the special order—the branch mint
bill—to-morrow at three o'clock.
Mr. McLEAN, of Kentucky, moved to amend
the'resolution by substituting " twelve o'clock on
Friday " for " three o'clock to-morrow."
Mr. BRIGGS accepted the amendment as a
modification of his resolution.
Mr. HOLMES moved that the House adjourn;
which motion was disagreed to—ayes 43, noes 75.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question was then taken upon agreeing to
the resolution of Mr. Briggs, and carried in the
affirmative, without a division.
So it was resolved to close the debate on Fri-
day, at twelve o'clock.
On motion by Mr. RICHARDSON,
The House then adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
under the rule, and referred to appropriate committees:
By Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas : The petition for the
erection of a building at the capital of Arkansas, to be used
for the Federal courts, clerks, marshals, and United States
district attorney, for offices of surveyor general and regis-
ter of public-lands, receivers of public moneys, Government
depository, and post office of delivery and distribution ;
signed by Daniel Ringo, United States district judge ; A.
Fowler, United States district attorney; ffm. Field, United
States courtclerk ; Albert Pike, S. H. Hempstead, E. Cum-
mins, C. P. Bertrand, F. W. Ttapnall, W. H. Sutton, W.
V. Bevins, J. M. Curran, Geo. C. Watkins, E. H. English,
attorneys; Jno. J. Clendenin, attorney general of Arkansas;
D. J. Baldwin, L. R. Lincoln, attorneys; W. W. Adams,
register land office; C. P. Bertrand, receiver land office,
Luther Chase, marshal, L. E. Barber, clerk supreme court;
Dr. S. Laurie; C. C. Scott, judge supreme court; B. F.
Danby, sheriff; Thos. Johnson, chief justice supreme court
of Arkansas; Thos. N. Newton.
Also, the joint resolution of the General Assembly of
Arkansas, asking and urging the establishment in the South-
west of a military academy, for the education of youth,
similar to that of West Point at the Northeast.
Also, a joint resolution asking mail roads from Pine Bluff,
via White Oak Bluff, to Cliambersville, and from Cadron to
Clinton.
Also, a joint resolution of instruction of the General As-
sembly of Arkansas, asking an act to authorize the sale of
the four sections hitherto reserved by Congress, contiguous
to the Hot Springs of Arkansas, with such conditions as
shall protect actual settlers and improvements, and that the
proceeds be appropriated, in accordance with the intention
of the act of reservation, to the erection and endowment
of an hospital for the indigent sick of all regions of the
Union.
Also, a joint resolution of the General Assembly of Arkan-
sas, instructing the delegation from Arkansas to support
" An act granting indemnity for French spoliations."
By Mr. ALBERTSON : The memorial of A. Warner
and 174 others, citizens of Evans ville, Indiana, praying that
a national armory and foundry may be established at that
city.
Also, the memorial ot'John J. Fairchild and 140 others,
citizens of Evansville, on the same subject.
Also, the memorial of Charles J. Battell and 56 others,
citizens of Evansville, in reference to the Louisville and
Portland Canal.
By Mr. DURKEE : The petition of Benjamin Felch and
38 others, citizens of the town of Pike, in the State of Wis-
consin, praying for the repeal of the fugitive slave law.
Also, the petition of John James and 36 others, citizen!
of the town of Greenwood, in the State of Illinois, for the
same object.
Also, the petition of A. Ostrander and 127 others, citizens
of the county of Sauk, in the State of Wisconsin, for the
same object.
By Mr. REED: The petition of James W. Mitchell,
William Kennedy, and 58 others, for the repeal of the fugi-
tive slave law.
Also, the petition of Henry Felter, Jos. J. Pugh, and 17
others, for the same object.
Also, the petition of Ephraim Smith, John Culbertion,
and 10 others, for the same object.
Also, pf B. Bedinor, Isaac Wiaans, and 39 others, for
same.
By Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi: The petition of Georg 
Gray and 75 others, citizens of Mississippi, praying an in-
crease of compensation for the mail service between Ray-
mond, Mississippi, and Grand Gulf, in that State.
By Mr. MOORE : Two memorials from citizens of Phil-
adelphia, asking that not less than one hundred and sixty
acres of land may be given to all who are entitled to the
benefit of the bountv land act of September, 1850.
By Mr. SEDDON: The memorial of a convention of
merchants and others, delegates from the cities of Rich-
mond, Petersburg, and Norfolk, and other towns and places
in Virginia, praying the aid of Congress to the establish-
ment of a direct communication with Europe by ocean
steamers, by authorizing contracts for the transportation of
the mails between Norfolk, in Virginia, and Antwerp, or
some other suitable point in Europe by such steamers.
By Mr. GIDDINGS : Petitions for the repeal of the tugi-
tive slave ltw; of Abraham Baer and 48 other citizens of
