370
THE CONGRESSIONAL, GLOBE.
Jan. 29,
tee on Military Affairs, to which was referred
House bill 248, for the relief of Josiah P. Pilcher,
reported back the same without amendment, and
recommended its passage.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred House bill No. 206, for the relief of Wm.
Hawkins, reported back the same without amend-
ment, witHfe recommendation that it do not pass.
REDUCTION OP POSTAGE.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to which was referred
House bill No. 351, to reduce and modify the rates
of postage in the United States, and to provide for
the coinage of three cent pieces, reported back the
same with amendments, oDservingat the same time
that he had been instructed to move to take it up
now, with a view to make it a special order.
Objection having been made, the bill lies over.
The following is the bill as amended by the
committee:
AN ACT to reduce and modify the rates of postage in the
United States, and to provide for the coinage of a three
cent piece.
Be it enacted, tfc., That from and after the thirtieth day
of June, eighteen hundred and fifty-one, all letters carried
in the mail shall be chaged with postage as follows : |
Upon each letter on which the postage shall have been j
prepaid, not weighing over one half ounce three cents; and !
for each additional half ounce, or fraction of half an ounce, |
three cents. Upon each letter on which the postage shall
not have been prepaid, not weighing over half an ounce, |
five cents, and for each additional half ounce or fraction of j
half an ounce, five cents: Provided, That no post office |
now in existence shall be discontinued, nor shall the mail j
service on any mail route in any of the States or Territo- ft
ries be discontinued or diminished in consequence of any !
diminution of the revenues that may result from this act:
And pro vided,further, That it shall be the duty of the Post-
master General to establish new post offices and place the
mail service on new mail routes established, or that may
hereafter be established, in the same manner as though
this act had not been passed: And provided, further, To
any postmaster whose compensation may be reduced be-
low the afhount allowed hiin for the year ending the 30th :
June, 1851, the Postmaster General shall be authorized to
make such additional allowance as he may deem just and '
proper, not to exceed the amount of compensation for the i
year ending 30th June, 1851.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That there shall be i
charged upon each newspaper, pamphlet, periodical, mag- ;
azine, book, and every other description of printed matter,
which shall be unconnected with any manuscript or written
matter, and which it may be lawful to transmit through the
mail, of no greater weight than two ounces, one cent; and
for each additional ounce, or fraction of an ounce, one
cent. Bound books, not weighing over thirty ounces, shall
be deemed mailable matter under the provisions of this sec-
tion : Provided, That newspapers delivered in the State
or Territory where printed, shall be chargeable with only
one half the foregoing rates: Provided, That in ascertain-
ing the amount to be charged on newspapers they shall be
weighed when in a dry state.
. Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, Thatit shall be lawful
to coin at the Mint of the United States and its branches, a
piece of the denomination and legal value of three cents,
or three-hundredth* of a dollar, to be composed of three-
fourths silver and one fourth copper, and to weigh twelve
grains and three eights of a grain; that the said coin shall
bear such devices as shall be conspicuously different from
those of the other silver coins, and of the gold dollar, but
having the inscription " United States of America," and
its denomination and date; and that itshall bealegal tender
in payment of debts for all sums of thirty cents and under.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the Postmaster General to provide and furnish to
all deputy postmasters, and other persons applying and pay-
ing therefor," suitable stamps of the denomination of three
cents, to facilitate the prepayment of the postages provided
for in this act; and any person who shall counterfeit, alter,
or forge any letter stamps, or shall knowingly have in his
possession any false, forged, or altered letter stamps, with
intent to sell or use the same as genuine, shall be deemed
to be guilty of felony, and be punished by a fine not exceed-
ing five hundred dollars, or by imprisonment not exceeding
five years.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That there is hereby
appropriated out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, the sum of one million five hundred
thousand dollars, to supply any deficiency that may arise
in the Post Office Department.
Sec. 6. Jlnd be it further enacted, That lists of letters
remaining uncalled for in any post office for the space of
 ix Weeks, in any city, town, or village, where a newspa-
f>er shall be printed, shall hereafter be published once only
n a newspaper which, being issued as frequently as any
other, shall have the largest circulation within the range of
delivery of said office, to be decided by the Postmaster
General, under such regulations as shall be prescribed by
him, at a charge not exceeding one cent on each letter
called for. And the postmaster at such office is hereby di-
rected to post in a conspicuous place in his office, a copy
of such list on the day or day after the publication thereof:
Provided, however, If the publisher of any paper herein
specified shall refuse to publish the list of letters as provided
in this section, the postmaster shall designate some other
paper in which such list shall be published.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That from and after
the passage of this act, all publishers of pamphlets, period-
icals, magazines, and newspapers shall be allowed to inter-
change their publications reciprocally, free of postage:
Provided, That such interchange shall be confied to a sin-
gle copy of luch publication:^.#?uJ provided, alto, That said
publishers may inclose in their publication bills for sub-
scription thereto, without any additional charge for postage.
Sec. 8. Jlnd be it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of all postmasters to cause all stamps attached to let-
ters in prepayment thereon to be defaced in passing through
their respective offices, in such a manner as may be direct-
ed by the Postmaster General, and any postmaster who
shall fail to perform this duty shall be fined not less than
five nor more than fifty dollars in each case, at the discre-
tion of the Postmaster General.
VIRGINIA WOOLEN COMPANY.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, to which was referred
House bill No. 258, for the relief of the Virginia
Woolen Company, reported back the same with-
out amendment, and recommended its passage.
1 have been requested to ask the Senate to con-
sider that bill at this time. It is a bill for the re-
lief of a company that contracted to fiirnish the
army with woolen goods, but, failing to perform
their contract, they were charged a certain sum as
damages, and they now ask that the amount re-
tained as damages may be ' returned to them. If
there be any objection, I can state to the Senate
why.
There being no objection, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It simply
directs that there be paid to the Virginia Woolen
Company the sum of $6,085, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. MASON. As was stated by the Senator
at the head of the Committee on Military Affairs,
this company entered into a contract with the
army to furnish them with one hundred thousand
yards of cloth for clothing. They furnished
twenty-five thousand one hundred and fifty-three
yards within the time limited by the contract,
which was received, but by the wreck of a ship
which was carrying the materials to Richmond to
enable the company to fulfill their contract, they
were not able to furnish the residue of the goods.
Twenty-five thousand yards of good cloth were
furnished and accepted, under the terms of the
contract, but the Government retained $6,085 from
the price of the twenty-five thousand yards as
damages for the failure to fulfill the contract. As
evidence that the materials were good, the Gov-
ernment subsequently purchased ten thousand
yards of that same cloth from the same company
for the equipment of the troops. The company
now request that the Government will not with-
hold that sum of $6,085, which under the terms of
the contract was retained as damages for the fail-
ure to comply with the contract by delivering the
goods within the specified time. I trust the bill
will pass. It has passed the House of Represent-
atives.
Mr. PEARCE. It seems to me that this bill
should be amended as to specify the reason
why that sum of money is paid to that company.
The Senator has properly described it to the satis-
faction of the Senate, but it should appear on the
face of the bill for what purpose the money is to
, be paid. As the bill now stands, it may be con-
strued to be a mere gratuity to that company, for
it merely provides that a certain sum of money
shall be paid, but for what purpose does not ap-
pear, and therefore I would suggest that the Sen-
ate make in it some amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. In reply to the
Senator from Maryland, I would say that the bill
as reported is an act which has been passed by
the House of Representatives. The report accom-
, panying the bill sets forth wlfy the sum is to be
1 paid. That and the papers accompanying the
' report plainly show the facts of the case to any
, one who will examine them. The bill itself does
not set forth why the money is to be paid. I
think it should have done so, but we all know the
' danger of amending a bill from the House, should
it be incurred for a mere verbal correction. The
papers which accompany the bill show that in
consequence of a failure to fulfill a contract to
furnish a certain amount of woolen goods a sum
of money was retained, and the question presents
itself, why was there a failure? It appears that it
was occasioned first by the loss of a vessel at sea,
and that then the small-pox broke out in the com-
pany's factory, which rendered it impossible that
they could comply with their contract within the
limited time. They, however, subsequently sold
some of the same goods to the United States at 1
lower rates, and the sum which it is now proposed .
to give them is the amount withheld from the sum
due for the goods actually delivered, as damages j
to the United States. I think the bill might have i
j ?et forth the object, and saved the labor of hunt-
[ ing it up in the papers and the report, but it doea
not; it may suffice that it is set forth in the papers.
Mr. PEARCE. I think all bills should set forth
the object for which money is paid. I am quite
satisfied with the explanation which has been
made in this case as to the propriety of returning
the money, but the bill should state that it was a
balance withheld from them by the United States.
Mr. CLEMENS. The statement made by the
Senator from Mississippi is certainly satisfactoiy
as far as it goes, but it does not go far enough. It
does not show that the Government sustained no
damage by the non-performance of the company's
1 contract. I do not know whether that is the case,
and I wish to look into it. I desire, therefore,
that the further consideration of the bill may be
postponed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I hope we shall
not lose time by discussing this point. The pa-
pers will show the Senator from Alabama what
are the facts of the case, and the reasons for the
, failure. The failure was not their fault, but their
misfortune; but that the Government lost by the
: failure to comply with the contract I do not doubt.
Mr. CLEMENS. Let it lie over.
, Mr. MASON. I hope not. I hope the Senate
will allow the bill to pass; for if it should be
I passed over now, it may not be reached again this
session.
Mr. HALE. I hope the Senate will pass the
bill. If it be not now passed, the postponement
will operate as a denial of justice.
The PRESIDENT, (to Mr. Clemens.) What
i was the Senator's motion ?
; j Mr. CLEMENS. I made no motion. I made
jt a suggestion merely. But I shall vote against the
II bill; for, according to the statement of the Sena-
tor from Mississippi, there is no justice in it. He
admits that the Government did lose by the failure
of these parties to perform their contract, the con-
dition of which was that the Government should
be reimbursed by damages if the party failed, but
the extent of the loss no one knows. I move to
lay the bill upon the table.
Mr. BADGER, (at whose request the motion
i to lay upon the table was withdrawn.) It seems to
I me that the real point in this matter is not exactly
; that which has been stated by the Senator from
Alabama. Supposing the contractors to have failed
in the performance of their duty as to the time
within which the goods should have been delivered,
as well as in other respects, there is no doubt that
in strict law and in strict right the Government
may enforce the contract; but it turns out in point
; of fact that the failure resulted not from any neg-
lect on the part of the company; it was not occa-
sioned by the happening of any event which could
have been foreseen and been provided against by
any human sagacity,but by the act of God in thede-
structionof a vessel bearing materials out of which
these goods were to be fabricated, by a storm at
sea. That being the fact, and the company being
large losers by the destruction of the vessel in
, which the whole of their materials were totally
I lost, the question is, whether the Government will
exact this pound of flesh—whether it will insist
upon the literal compliance with the obligation, or
. whether they will do what justice and equity would
expect from the Government of the United States
to citizens faithfully endeavoring to comply with
! their contract? It is reasonable to expect that the
Government will do what I believe has been its
general custom when a failure takes place, and an
honest and anxious effort has been made to fulfill
the contract within the time, the party making this
honest effort being prevented from doing so by a
J power which no human agency can control, and
i especially when he himself is a far greater loser
than the Government; and the question is, whether
itwill be expedient, just, and fair, and considerate—
i whether it belongs to the parental character of this
Government towards citizens so acting to exact
the penalty ? '
j Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The Senator from
Alabama claims that the statement I made, which
was drawn from the papers in this case, was an
admission. I made no admission. I merely made
a statement. The Senator from Alabama then
says that the Government has sustained a loss,
and no one can tell how much. That is a sweep-
ing statement of the same character. Now, every
one can tell, by an examination of the papers,
what the facts are, and what the estimated loss
