1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
375
being regarded as trespassers. No one thinks of
molesting them. But where possession is wrong-
fully taken of private property every motive and I
interest which can operate upon the owner induce 1
prompt action to redress the wrong and defend ]
the title. The reason for the difference is so
striking and palpable that I must pause before I
consent to put the Government upon the same
footing with individuals in reference to prescrip-
tion, and, unless more satisfactory and convincing
reasons are given for the amendment, [ must vote
against it.
Mr. HERRI EN. I desire to say but a few
words. The omission of the provision in relation
to prescription which was contained in the bills
which were referred to the Judiciary Committee,
was the result of deliberation by that committee,
and was sustained by its unanimous voice. The
committee proceeded upon this principle, that we
had acquired this territory under a stipulation to
protect the rights of private property. The law
of prescription as between individuals, which it
was sought to introduce into this bill, was not in
conformity to the obligations of the Government j
as stipulated by the treaty, nor did it conform to
the action of our Government in regard to former i
territorial acquisitions. The citizens of Mexico !
who chose to remain within the limits of Califor-
nia and become citizens of the United States, were
by the treaty secured in all the rights which they
would have had under the Government from which
they had derived their title, and by becoming
American citizens they are entitled to all the rights
which belong to other citizens of the United States.
Now, this law of prescription between individual
and individual, which it is sought to introduce
into this bill, would have given to the citizens of
California a right which they would not have en-
joyed under their own Governmeut, if that Gov-
ernment had continued over them, and it would
have given them a right which other citizens of the
United States had not enjoyed as it relates to the
United States. By the civil law prevalent in Spain
and in Mexico, prescription cannot be made against ;
the Government. The very terms of individual
prescription show that it is totally inapplicable as
against the government of the country. Ten years
actual possession in presence of the adverse claim-
ant gives a title, and twenty years possession in
the absence of such adverse claimant. Thirty
years possession under color without action would
give a title by prescription. It is obvious, there-
fore, from the very terms of the rule in which pre-
scription is provided for, that it could not apply to
the Government. All writers on civil law express-
ly declare that prescription in favor of an individ-
ual as against a Government does not exist.
Then, if this territory had remained the terri-
tory of the Republic of Mexico, the law of pre-
scription as between individual and individual,
could not have been setup by these claimants. All
that we have stipulated for is, that the rights
which they have acquired under the Mexican Gov-
ernment should be preserved to them by the Uni-
ted States. Well, then, if they could not have
prescribed as against the Government, if they had
remained Mexican citizens, ought they to be al-
lowed to prescribe as against the United States,
having become citizens of theUnited States? The
Senate perfectly well recognize the principle which
has been stated by the Senator from Kentucky,
that the United States or any one of the States are
not included in statute limitations, unless ex-
pressed by name. Those persons, then, neither
as Mexican citizens nor as citizens of the United
States, are entitled to the benefit of prescription.
What is asked by this amendment? It is asked
that we should give them something more than
was stipulated by the treaty; something more
than, as Mexican citizens, they could have en-
joyed, and something more than we accord to
citizens of the United States. With this view
of the subject, the question was presented to the
Judiciary Committee, by them deliberately con-
sidered, and by them unanimously decided.
But I would ask, what utility can result from
the establishment of such a provision—from an
innovation upon the course which we have here-
tofore pursued ? By the stipulations of the treaty,
as well as by the principles of the law of nations,
the rights of private property are to be respected.
The decisions of the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States in analogous cases, in the cases of ter-
ritory acquired from France and Sp -in, have been,
that in regard to inchoate titles—titles not carried
into complete execution and not rendered perfect
by a compliance with all the terms of the grant—
that these titles, nevertheless, give a right of prop-
erty upon which the court, by the terms of the
laws under which the titles to these lands werede-
cided, and as provided for in this bill, have a right
to decide—upon these inchoate titles—and required
them to decide upon principles of equity. The
Supreme Court of the United States has further
recognized this principle, that there is no instance
of the Spanish Government, and I presume it may
be equally affirmed of the Mexican Government,
ever naving avoided a title because it was not car-
ried into execution so as to become a perfect title.
That court has therefore recognized an inchoate
title as giving a right which was protected by the
treaty, and a decision in favor of the claimant
upon such an inchoate title as entitled him to a pat-
ent as in other cases. Of what utility, then, would
it be, should we introduce this novel principle
of applying the law as between individuals to a
transaction between individuals and the Govern-
ment, and giving to these parties more than is stip-
ulated for by the treaty, and more than has been
given in legislating upon other territorial acquisi-
tions ?
These are the views which were entertained by
the Judiciary Committee. I understand that there
are comparatively very few perfect titles in Cali-
fornia. Be it so. In some portions of the State
there are to be found perfect titles. In the north-
ern portion they are for the most part, as I am in-,
formed, inchoate. But if a party has acquired a
right by grant from the Spanish or Mexican Gov-
ernment, notwithstanding it be an inchoate title,
yet if it was one which could have been perfected
under that Government if the territory had not
been ceded, the Supreme Court of the United
States, adhering to its former decisions, will con-
firm such a title. Ought we to go further? Should
we confirm those titles which would not be con-
firmed by the Government from whom this terri-
tory was acquired ? That would be the effect of
the amendment. The provision as reported by the
Committee on the Judiciary will restrain them
within the limits of the former principle; that is
to say, it will secure the confirmation of all perfect
titles, and of all inchoate title* which would have
been confirmed if the Government from which the
titles had been derived still existed over the terri-
tory.
Mr. GW1N. I introduced the law of prescrip-
tion, in the bill which I presented to the Senate,
for reasons that were entirely satisfactory to my-
self, and they were these: that the titles in Cali-
fornia were not perfected to the same extent that
they were in other Territories acquired undertreaty
by the United States. On" a former occasion I read
to the Senate a report'with respect to these titles,
made by Captain Halleck*. • He makes this state-
ment:
" A large number of land titles in California are very in-
definite with respect to boundaries, the grants being for so
many 'sitios,' 'creaderos,' fitc., lying between certain hills,
streams, &c., as shown by rough sketches attached to the
petitions. These sketches frequently contain doable the
amount of land included in the grants; and even now verf
few of these grants have been surveyed, or their boundaries
definitely fixed."
. I went on further to state the reason why these
titles were not perfect as in other Territories ceded
to the United States. I said:
"Now, itia a matter of universal notoriety that in the
aggregate the titles in* Louisiana, Missouri, and Florida,
were at the change of Government in a much more perfect
state than in California. Besides complete titles, a large
number of the inchoate or inceptive grants were aided by
an actual survey under the Spanish Government, whereby
they became severed from the public domain, and were
fairly entitled to be classed as private property. Yft in re-
gard to all incomplete titles the interposition of Congress
was necessary in order to carry into effect in good faith
what France and Spain would have done had they continued
in sovereignty.
" Irv California there are, comparatively speaking, very
few claims aided by an actual survey made under the Gov-
ernment of Mexico or Spain. This grew out of the sparse
population, the inefficiency of the machinery of the former
Government, or the indifference of the original inhabitants.
The boundaries in many at the change of Government were
but loosely defined, but still with such references to natural
objects as to make them susceptible of location.
" According to the decision of the Supreme Court in the
ease of the United States vs. King et al., (1 Howard,) an
actual survey is indispensable to separate a claim from the
public lands, and to place it in such a Category as it could
be sustained under treaty."
I was of the opinion that the law of prescription
should be brought to "ear in favor of these old
settlers. The Judiciary Committee, in the four-
teenth section of their bill, has, in a great degree,
done away with the necessity of enacting this
law of prescription to protect these old claimants,
j The fourteenth section of that bill provides, in
| effect, that all town lots, out-lots, farm lots, and
j pasture lots shall be confirmed outright. That is
! my understanding of it. That comprises nine
j tenths if not ninety-nine hundredths of the land
claims in California that would be benefited by
the law of prescription. The great majority of
land claims in that country are of the class con-
firmed outright by this bill. The principal objects
I had in introducing the law of prescription was
to confirm these town lots, out-lots, and pasture
lots. The objection, therefore, to striking out the
law of-prescription has been removed by the in-
sertion of this section to confirm most of the titles
which it was my object to confirm by the law of
prescription.
' But, inasmuch as I know the land titles there
have not been perfected to the same extent as #in
other Territories acquired by the United States,
and none of them even surveyed, and thus sepa-
rated from the public domain, I am in favor of
giving all the advantages to the older settlers—
those who have claims against which no charge of
fraud has ever been brought—for the land was
worth litfle or nothing ten years ago. My object
is to protect the old inhabitant, when he has a
valid or equitable claim, under which he has held
and cultivated for ten years.
Mr. BENTON. Mr. President, the Senator
from Kentucky [Mr. Underwood] seems to have
divided his speech into two parts, each of which
knocks the other in the head. The first part was,
that this provision was wrong and ought not to be
put in the bill; and the other was, that it was al-
ready in the bill, and that,being there, it ought to
remain. I believe I am right; if not, I should like
to be set right
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I will endeavor to ex-
plain. My first position was, that this idea of pre-
scription being introduced between individuals and
the Government, was new, and therefore a princi-
ple that I thought ought not to be introduced.
My second position was, that if, according to the
law of Mexico, or of Spain, or of California, titles
were granted in consequence of settlement and oc-
cupation, it wa£ sufficiently provided for in the
bill. It seems to me there is no confliction between
these positions.
Mr. BENTON. I did not ask the Senator
from Kentucky to define his position in exienso.
I only gave way to give him an opportunity of
saying whether I was right or wrong in dividing
his speech into two parts, each of which knocked
1 the other on the head.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The gentleman was
wrong, I think.
| Mr. BENTON. If I understood the gentleman
i aright, hecertainly went against putting this clause
in the bill. Then, if -I understood him asight, he
said that th^clause already in,the section which
required the commissioners to be governed, among
other things, by the laws, usages, and customs of
the country, would include this prescription right.
1 believe I am right now as to the position of the
gentleman. Therefore we may suppose that the
two parts of the gentleman's speech, like negative
quantities in algebra, counteract and neutralize
each other. The Senator from Kentucky has ar-
gued the question as if we were executing the law
and not making it. Why, we are not trying a
case. We are not administering old laws, but
trying to make a new one. As Mr. Burke once
said to the lawyers in Parliament, " we are notin
court, but in Parliament." We are making laws,
not executing them. And the gentleman will re-
ceive it as a compliment when I say jt seems to me
that a good lawyer—and he certainly is a good
one—usually falls into the idea of executing a law,
when his business is to make one. It seems to
me that the argument of the Senator on this occa-
sion has been directed to the execution of a law,
and not to the making of a law. He quotes Jus-
tinian. Sir, there is nothing in Justinian to fit
such a case as we have here. Justinian never sued
his subjects for their lands; he gave them lands;
he conquered the lands of other people and gave
- them to his people. He never undertook to rout
his subjects from their lands, even the people of a
I conquered province. There is no sovereignty that
| brings suit against its citizens for the purpose of
