S76
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 29,
taking away their fends. The Kings of England
never did it. There is nothing in the nullum tem-
pus contra rtgem to apply to the case, even if we
were in a Privs forum, instead of being, as
we are, in a legislative hall. In Great Britain,
when a patent is to be cancelled, it is called into
chancery, and fraud or illegality is shown; and
this immediately if necessary. Even according to
that primitive notion of the statute of limitations
referred to by the Senator from Kentucky, " that
time to whicn the memory of man runneth not
back," these titles, many of them, could stand
that test, so far, at least, as he and I are cohcerned;
for our memories cannot run back to the settle-
ment of California, eighty years ago!
Mr. President, I wish to call the attention of
the Senate seriously to what we are engaged upon.
The rights of a people, recently become ours by
conquest and by purchase, are depending on what
we do. I will not go from one part of my case
to another. But when it comes to that part which
has just been quoted by the Senator from California
[Mr. GwinJ—the statute of limitations—the clause
of prescription—of which he was so much in favor
some few days ago, and which he made the re-
deeming part of his bill, I shall show that his
reason for slighting it now has no foundation. I
will show that when I come to the section to which
he refers. For the present I stand upon the rights
of the people. If they were sued for their land by
other persons they would have the privilege of
pleading the statute of limitations—the law of pre-
scription. This would be the case between man.
But here the United States are going to sue the
whole body of landholders in California for the
land which Spain and Mexico gave them; and, in
the act to bring suit, sets out with depriving them
of the right of defence which they would have
against individuals. The Senator from California
is right in asserting the fact that lands in Califor-
nia were granted without distinct limits, yet there
were general boundaries out of which the grant was
to be satisfied, and the surplus returned to the
State. As for surveying, there never was a sur-
veyor in the country, in law or in fact. There
never was a surveyor general there, nor a deputy.
No authorized survey was ever made in the State,
or ever required by any law, on any condition to
a grant.
With respect to what constitutes a legal right in
California, I will show it by the law when we
come to it. This is not the proper time. I will
show it by the laws made expressly for California—
not general laws, made for the Spanish possessions
generally, but the exceptions to the great act of
1786, establishing intenaants. I will show out of
the book—by mere reading—what is a legal title—
and that all were legal and full when possession
was given: 1-e g-a-1—and what was a full title—
f-u-l-I; and these legal and full titles were given
without paying any fees. I will show all this by
the law when I come to if. But I do not wish to
be dragged by these questions from the impending
point. I shall open the whole case when I come
to the point which I mentioned this morning, that
the principle of this bill is fundamentally wrong
in holding the whole body of titles in California
to be bad until they are proved to be good. The
reverse of that principle is the principle of law
and justice throughout the world, civilized and
barbarian. When we come to the principle of
this judiciary bill I will show it. Possession is
title until perfect adverse title is shown. A man
in possession is presumed to have title until the
contrary is proved. This is law and reason;
Whereas this bill presumes the man in possession
to have no title until he proves it. This I will
show when we come to the principle of the bill.
At present I wish a vote on the amendment I have
offered.
Mr. BRADBURY. The Senator from Califor-
nia deemed this provision so important that he in-
corporated it into the bill which he submitted to
the Senate. He now states that he is in favor of
adopting the amendment.
' I should not have deemed it necessary to make
a single remark now, were it not for an expression
on the part of the member of the Judiciary Com-
mittee who reported this bill, that the committee
were unanimous in favor of striking out this pro-
vision from the bill of the Senator from California.
1 was in favor of incorporating this provision, a
fact which the Senator from Georgia seems to have
forgotten. I hope the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. GWIN. At the right time, when the Sen-
| ator from Missouri shall bring up his proposition
! to show what a legal title is in California, I shall
1 be prepared to substantiate everything I have said
in relation to the titles there, and to meet the gen-
tleman. *
Mr. SOULE. I wish to proposean amendment
to the amendment of the Senator from Missouri,
which will perhaps obviate the objections of some
of the members of the Judiciary Committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Walker
in the chair.) It is not in order to do so. But
the proposition will be read for information.
The intended amendment was read, as follows:
Provided, That possession in good faith, within deter-
mined metes and boundaries, during twenty years, shall be
deemed prima facie evidence of a complete grant, even
against the Government.
Mr. BENTON. The Senator from Louisiana
is better acquainted with the civil law than Mr.
Fremont or myself. I have no objection to his
proposition, but accept it in lieu of my amend-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Walker.)
The question, then, is upon the amendment of the
Senator from Missouri as modified.
Mr. BERRIEN. The object may be accom-
plished by the Senator from Missouri withdraw-
ing his amendment, and then the Senator from
Louisiana can offer his.
Mr. BENTON. I have accepted the amend-
ment of the Senator from Louisiana.
Mr. BERRIEN. I would say that while the
Judiciary Committee were opposed to the applica-
tion of the doctrine of prescription, yet they had no
unwillingness to consider actual possession and
cultivation prima facie evidence of title. I should
like to examine the amendment of the Senator
from Louisiana, however, before I acquiesce in it.
Mr. BUTLER. I wish to say a word on this
subject. I am free to say that, independent of this
form of amendment, I would rather defer to the
laws which obtain in my own State, that twenty
years' possession under color of title, with recog- !
nized limits, shall be ipso Jbcto a presumption of a 1
grant as against the State. Such is the law in
some of the States. It ought to be so everywhere;
and in a new country I might be inclined to make
the time shorter.
Mr. SOULE. My object in presenting the
amendment upon your table was not, Mr. Presi-
dent, to bring this case within the strict rule of
the civil law, which acknowledges no prescription
against the sovereign. It is rather in derogation
of that stern rule which would repel without lim-
itation of time any claim arising from mere pos-
session that might be set up against the public
domain. The Spanish law, which professes to be
founded mainly on the principles of the civil law,
while respecting its sacred dicta, seems not to have
considered that they would be departed from by
allowing in certain cases the munificent forbear-
ance of the king to extend through his officers
to such usurpations—for such is the term of the
law—as might have been committed by actual set-
tlers upon the public domain. There is indeed a
law of the Indies which provides that whenever
settlers shall have extended their possessions be-
yond the limits assigned to their grants, and in-
truded into any portion of the public domain in
the immediate vicinity of such grants, they shall
not be expelled nor molested, but on the contrary
shall be admitted to liberal composition, and re-
ceive a new title covering the usurped possessions;
and thus is supplied by that law the absence of all
remedy under the general system that might inure
to the benefit of the settler, and protect those
rights which through his original occupancy of
the soil he is so justly entitled to claim. Yet,
with that security which the actual settler finds in
the injunction which the law addresses to the
king's officers, be they viceroys, governors, or in-
tendentes, it is not considered as being vested with
any absolute righ£ until he becomes the benefi-
ciary by title of the indulgence thus extended to
him; and therefore, although under the Spanish
law he might have sued for that title—sued for it,
I would say, not as for a right, but as for a favor,
and have sued for it successfully at the bar of
those in whom the power to award it was vested,
he will be powerless before the board created by
this bill; for he will be told that his claim cannot
be listened to, and that he is doomed, yes, doomed,
to be expelled from the home which with great toil
and incessant anxiety he had reclaimed from the
wastes of the desert at a time when he so little
dreamed that the unheeded region wherein he had
sought an asylum and a grave, would ever tempt
the grasping avidity of men by the attractions
which it has since held out to them in the unsus-
pected mines which it concealed in its womb. My
amendment is intended to give peace to the inno-
cent and poor settler, and to shield him against an
inquisition which, by being extended beyond a
space of twenty years, would bring him back to
a time when the country possessed but few, if any,
and those few scattered wide over hundreds "of
miles of almost inaccessible territory, of those re-
sources through which he might have preserved a
grant, an order, or warrant, or a mere designation
of the spot on which he was originally permitted
to settle. Such is the spirit of my amendment; it
aims at giving quiet and securing in the enjoyment
of their hard earnings those who have possessed
for twenty consecutive years as owners, and in
good faith, within assigned metes and boundaries.
Mr. FOOTE. I cannot perceive how such an
amendment as this can be of any value, if the hon-
orable Senator from California be correct in the
statement which he has given to us this morning;
for I understood him to say that he did not know
of any tract of land in California the boundaries
of which had been clearly ascertained, or which
had been so marked out by regular survey as to
allow us to speak of it as having metes and bounds
of a determinate character. This amendment can
only apply to such a case, therefore, as can have
no existence at present, or until a regular survey
shall have been made.
I will take the occasion to say, that while I am
for the faithful observance of all the provisions of
our treaty with Mexico—while I am willing to
recognize all individual rights there, of whatever
kind or character, at present existing, the enjoy-
ment of which was provided for by that treaty, I
am unwilling to do more for the people of Califor-
nia than for the people whom I and other Senators
here represent. It seems that the principle of pre-
scription does not obtain against the Government
of the United States or against any of the State
governments which form a part of our confedera-
te system; and I understand it to be virtually
confessed by the honorable Senator from Louisi-
ana himself, [Mr. Sobxe,] that this amendment
of his is intended to bring into operation a new
principle for the benefit of a certain class of land-
holders in California, not recognized by the treaty
of Guadalupe Hidalgo, and wholly unknown to
the laws and usages of the Government whence
these alleged titles purport to have been derived.
Thus we are called upon to legislate in behalf of
a class of supposed landholders in California, in a
manner and to an extent not recognized or pro-
vided for in the treaty, or by the laws or usages
of either Mexico or Spain. This is to discrimi-
nate in favor of those persons, and against the
Government, and against the other citizens of the
United States, all of whom have equal claims upon
our justice as those who would be benefited by
this amendment. There are thousands, and per-
haps hundreds of thousand of persons in the vari-
ous States of the Union, in Mississippi, Louisiana,
Arkansas, and other States, who hold lands under
circumstances entitling them to special protection
as fully as those referred to in this amendment.
Why, if we legislate as is now proposed to us,
shall we not adopt some general law whose pro-
visions may include them also, and thus establish
the principle of prescription against the Govern-
ment in behalf of all who may have come into the
possession of land belonging to the Government,
and which has been held in good faith for the term of
twenty years or more ? Let us do full and com-
plete justice to those who claim to be landholders
in California; but having done this, let us be con-
tent, and refrain from such attempts to imitate the
magnificent liberality of crowned heads, or Govern-
ments whose powers possess n-> limits save the
will of those who exercise despotic rule
I trust that I duly sympathize with t*1® people
of California; I trust I am as unwilling as any one
here to do them the least injustice; but I cannot
reconcile it to my sense of propriety to engage m
legislation of a partial and unprecedented charac-
ter for the benefit of those who suppose themselves
to be landholders in California, or of those who
may chance to have derived titles, existing, it may
be, only in fancy, from others who have, without
