1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
377
authority, deemed themselves owners of vast do-
mains of valuable territory in this remote region.
The section under consideration, without the aid
of this amendment, provides for everything in
behalf of the holders of real or fictitious land titles
in California which they have a right to claim at
our hands, or which they could by possibility
have derived from the laws, usages, or customs of
the Governments either of Spain or of Mexico.
Thus far we all are willing to go; and if this amend-
ment is not intended to embrace some object beyond
this, the adoption of it is at least likely to give rise
to such misinterpretations as must prove highly
mischievous to individuals, and deeply deleterious
to the Government itself.
Mr. BUTLER. I wish to say a few words in
reference to this matter. I have heard a good deal
said about prescription during this discussion. I
suppose that prescription, according to the common
law, or according to any law, never could obtain
against the Government. But I think there is
"scarcely any political community in the United
States where there has not been some positive .
statutory provision made recognising almost the
doctrine of prescription; preemption rights, for in-
stance. In the early settlement of some of the
States—I speak now of the settlement of States
with which I am particularly acquainted—of course
the law of prescription could not obtain, but the
Legislatures, I believe, of pretty near all of them,
passed enactments by which a grant would be
presumed if occupation had been continued for a
certain time. In some of the States, I believe, a
grant is presumed where there has been bona fide
occupation, called, by some, adverse occupation,
for ten or fifteen years. In my own State, where
any individual has possession of land, cultivating
it as his own in good faith for twenty years, a
grant is presumed against the State. That is not
prescription, I grant, but it is positive statutory
substitution for the doctrine of prescription. I am
willing, in legislating for this community, to make
the same provision for them which I understand
obtains in almost every State of the Union; I !
speak of the new States. Then everything, so far
as regards the commissioners, would turn on the
question of good faith. That would be the whole 1
point thai, because if persons went into the occu- ,
pation of the land permiasively under license
acknowledging the title of the Government, they
would have no right to turn round and take the
possession which was conferred upon them, and i
thus take advantage of the Government. It is an
old and a very wise principle of the law, that the '
tenant shall not be permitted to dispute the title of
his landlord. Neither would I permit any indi-
vidual to dispute the title of the State, because that
would not be good faith. But when one has been j
in possession of land with recognized limits and |
boundaries for twenty years, cultivating it, I think •
it a wise provision of law that that should be
deemed presumption of a grant. Time is one of
the wisest of all legislators. It pulls down and
destroys the munimentsof title, and very properly
substitutes presumptions for the actual evidence of
title. I say, then, that time is one of the wisest
of legislators.
Mr. GWIN. I am is favor of the amendment
offered by the Senator from Louisiana, and ac-
cepted by the Senator from Missouri, as it covers
a principle which I wished incorporated in the
bill originally. The Senator from Mississippi is
mistaken if he understood me to say that there
were no metes and boundaries to any of these
claims. There are metes and boundaries, but not
actual surveys.
Mr. FOOTE. I understood the amendment
required these lands should have " definite metes
and boundaries."
Mr. GWIN. The term definite is not used. !
Mr. FOOTE. I suppose that it was intended
to imply that a survey had taken place. If it does
not imply that, the amendment is much more ob-
jectionable than I at first supposed it to be. 1
Mr. EWING. I would suggest to the Senator
from Louisiana that he insert m his amendment J
the words " under claim of title,"so that it would
read " possession in good faith under claim of
title."
Mr. SOULE. I cannot accept the amendment
suggested by the honorable Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Ewdtg;] it answers not my purpose. h
As to the honorable Senator from Mississippi,
[Mr. Foot*,] he is mistaken with respect to the
I position I took .upon explaining my amendment to
the Senate. I disclaimed having any intention of
bringing this measure within the principles apply-
ing to prescriptions at civil law. I ..distinctly
stated, on the contrary, my object to be the cre-
ating for California an equivalent for the remedy
which the liberality of the Kings of Spain had
devised to supply when the stern rule of prescrip-
tion at civil law had denied the settler with respect
to the public domain. I meant to create in favor
of the actual occupant who had possessed twenty
years as owner and in good faith the presumption
of a title, the presumption of an original grant.
Are not our preemption laws based on that pre-
sumption? Have we not in almost every State some
statutory provision which acknowledges the rights
arising out of first occupancy, and which presumes
title in the occupant after a certain lapse of time ?
And what objection can there be to our extending
that presumption to the cases embraced in the
amendment? I repeat, that although under the
laws which prevailed in the former colonies of
Spain, and which still obtain under the sover-
eignty to which these colonies have been trans-
ferred, a settler who had usurped any portion of the
public domain could not be held as having acquired
by possession an absolute right to make it his, yet
through the liberality of the laws of the Indies he
might apply to the officers commissioned with
authority to act in such cases, and be certain to
obtain relief, and to be quieted through an extended
title in his possession. " He shall be admitted to
liberal composition," says the law, and " a new
title be granted to him."
Now, is it assuming too much to take it for
granted that cases of this kind, and perhaps in
greater number than these, cases where an order,
a warrant, or a mere designation of grant were
originally issued without ever having been per-
fected into a title, which may not have been pre-
served by the grantee, yet where an actual occu-
pancy, an open and undisturbed possession for so
long a space of time as twenty years can be
proved, may occur in California? and are we pre-
pared to disregard the natural, if not the strictly
legal rights of the occupant to hold up that pos-
session before these commissioners as an evidence
of ownership, and a presumption that a title has
existed? I understand that but few surveys,
hardly any, have ever been made in California.
The manner in which a concession of land was
pointed out or marked, is peculiar and perhaps
heretofore unheard-of by many who honor me
with their attention. The individual commis-
sioned to perform that office would usually mount
a horse, starting from a fixed point, a determined
limit, and running a given time according as the |
grant extended, with a rope which he unwinded
all along, plant a stick or form a mark at the ex- j
treme point wherewith the dimensions of such i
grants or concessions might be ascertained. This
may in some cases have not been followed by the
issuing of a patent, of a warrant, or of something
like, which the settler could have exhibited to
your commissioners. Yet he actually holds pos-
session under that original act or warrant of the
Government then holding the sovereignty; and is
he to be disturbed, mercilessly expelled, because
he can show nothing but his occupancy? If that
occupancy has lasted twenty years, will you pre-
sume that it originated in an unjustifiable usurpa-
tion rather than to suppose it took place and con-
tinued under the sufferance and pleasure of the
sovereign? Such is the question which your vote
on this amendment is destined to decide. |
Mr. FOOTE. I regret very much to have been |
even supposed by the honorable Senator from
Louisiana to have misunderstood him. I am sure
I did not designedly misstate or pervert what I
understood him as saying; and I did really under-
stand him to intimate that he intended, by his
amendment, to do something for certain classes of
landholders in California which the existing laws
had not already provided in their favor. It yet
seems to me quite evident that the Senator, in in-
troducing his amendment, either intended to pro-
vide some legal security for supposed landholders
in California which they do not now possess under
the authority of the treaty with Mexico, or he
did not. If he intended to provide no more for
them than is already provided, his amendment
will be useless. If he designed to go beyond the
provisions of the treaty, and to bring into exist-
ence legal rights not recognized by that instrument,
and not known either to the tews of Spain, or of
Mexico, or of this country, it would seem that his
amendment does contemplate the exercise of a
discriminating partiality in favor of certain sup-
Fosed landholders in California, precisely such as
have described, and against which I have felt
bound to protest. So that, after all, I doubt very
much whether I have seriously misunderstood the
amendment of the honorable gentleman, or the re-
marks by which it has been accompanied on his
part.
I wish to act fairly and justly in all respScts to-
wards all the people of California; towards those
who claim to be landholders, as well as towards
those who may reasonably apprehend the recep-
! tion of injury from the recognition of pretended
titles to large bodies of the public domain, to
which those who assume to be owners have at
present no valid and legal title. I am willing to
stand by the treaty in all its amplitude; I am
willing, in a spirit of liberality, to go even a little
beyond it provisions; but I cannot aid in bringing
[ about such consequences as I verily believe will
flow from this amendment, if adopted and allowed
to have anv operation in California.
I think that the honorable Senator's amendment
is entitled to a very different interpretation from that
! which he himself is inclined to affix to it. The
word " determined " is a word of very definite and
| determinate meaning, of quite an ascertained sense,
j The language of the amendment is, I think, " de-
termined metes and boundaries," or words equiva-
lent thereto. Now, to speak of a body of land
having determined metes and boundaries, is to say
that there are defined and ascertained lines of de-
marcation which separate it from other lands ad-
jacent; which defined and ascertained boundary
lines cannot well be imagined to exist except un-
der the authority of a regular and authentic sur-
vey. If we look a little into the classic origin of
the word determine, we shall find that it is a term
of far more rigorous and significant import than the
author of this amendment seems to suppose. The
word, we know, was associated in the old Roman
tongue with the name of one of the most respected
gods of the Pagan mythology—Terminus—the
god who presided over boundaries; and the com-
mon Latin substantive " terminus," which meartt
"fcowndary," possessed asort of emphatic potency,
which implied the utmost certainty which could
well be imagined to exist in relation to the particular
subject to which it was applied. A determined or
determinate boundary, if there be any accuracy in
language, must mean a clearly ascertained line of
demarcation between one portion of territory and
another adjacent to it. It would seem to me, sir,
that the very graphic description which has been
given by the honorable gentleman of the manner
in w"hich portions of the public domain were
formerly allotted to individuals, under the author-
ity of the Spanish crown, might well raise a
doubt even in his own mind touching the applica-
bility of the terms incorporated in this amendment
of his to such a proceeding as that depictured by
him—for a more vague and indefinite mode of
setting apart particular tracts of territory could
not well be imagined than that described by the
honorable Senator. Surely it was not in such a
loose and uncertain mode that determinate metes
and boundaries could be established. I repeat
that if this amendment be designed to operate only
upon lands whose "metes and bounds have heen
already determined, in other words, which have
been regularly surveyed, then it is not possible
that it can have any operation at all; since we hear
from all quarters that no lands so surveyed are to
be found in any part of California.
The honorable Senator says that he simply in-
tended to provide a sort of preemptive right in fa-
vor of these parties. Now, what is a right of
preemption ? It is simply a right to purchase in
preference to other individuals. Is this what is
provided for in this amendment? By no means.
No purchase of the lands in dispute appears to be
in contemplation at all; the amendment if it be al-
lowed to perform any office whatever, is to im-
part validity to existing land claims in California
which they do not at present possess. It does not
provide that a certain class of individuals there
holding public lands in possession and cultivating
the same, shall be permitted to purchase reason-
able quantities thereof by paying the minimum
price required for its public domain. Had this
proposition been brought forward, I should not
