1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
379
officers shall be superior to his own; and if he be
found incompetent to the performance of his duty,
from old age, from wounds received in service, or
from disease incurred in service, he shall be placed
on this retired list. The third section of the bill
contains a provision for those gallant officers of
the Army whose impetuous valor has very often
caused them to be disabled by wounds, and who
are therefore entitled to a pension. It provides
that, whenever an officer is thus disabled, he shall
not be debarred from the pension which the law
now allows him, because of his being placed on
the retired list.
1 am sure, sir, that there is not a man in this
House—there is not an American citizen—who
would be inclined to take from the gallant officer
the pension which the country gives to those who
have been wounded in its battles.
The fourth section, which is the amendment
reported by the Committee on Military Affairs,
simply makes the provisions of this bill applica-
ble to the Marine Corps.
I desire now, in this brief statement of the few
considerations which recommend this bill, to in-
form the House that in 1846, during the Mexican
war, a report was submitted by the Adjutant Gen-
eral, as a basis nf a recommendation to increase
the field officers in the Army, in which report it
was stated that of twelve field officers of the
artillery, eight were at that time incapable of per-
forming their duties, from some of the causes spe-
cified in the first section of the bill. Of the twenty-
four officers of the regiments of infantry, one third
(eight) were incapable of performing their duties.
And I am informed also, that of the Marine Corps,
about three fourths of the officers are incapable of
•doing their duty in action.
The result of all of this was, that during the
Mexican war, an additional Major was added to
each regiment, and that in some engagements in
that war a brigade of two regiments was actually
commanded by a captain in the Army.
I trust that this brief statement of the facts will
assure every gentleman on this floor of the indis-
pensable necessity for the passage of this bill to
the efficiency of the Army. The expenses of the
Army will not be augmented by its passage. In-
jury will be done to no one, but justice will .be
done to officers of inferior grade, and who are by
the existing laws and regulations required to per-
form the duties of superannuated or disabled offi-
cers without any of the allowances that the law
attaches to the grade of officers whose services
they perform. If there be any gentleman in this
House who replies to me that mese incompetent
officers, rendered so by age, by wounds,'or by
disease incurred in the service, should be dis-
missed the Army; if I am to be told that they
are the cancers of the long peace and calm of the
world, I ask that gentleman to rise in his place
and move an amendment to this bill, to turn them
out of the Army without ration and without pay.
If there is any man here who has the heart to do
that, le' him rise and propose it. I merely desire
that this House shall act upon this bill, and I will
bring it, so far as I may have the power to effect
it, to a distinct and decided action upon it; I will
Bee whether the House will take the responsibility
of refusing to do that which does not add to the
expenses of the Army, and which every officer in
the Army knows to be absolutely necessary to its
vigor and efficiency.
Mr. PARKER had not heard the reading of
the bill distinctly; he wished to inquire of the
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Burt,] at
what time the junior officers would be promoted—
whether at the time "when the senior officer was
placed on the retired list, or not until his death or
resignation?
Mr. BURT. Not until the vacancy actually
#. occurs by death or resignation.
Mr. GIDDINGS said: I hope not to be called
upon to-day to vote upon this bill. I am unwilling
to do so until I shall have had an opportunity of
examining into its details; and it will be my mo-
tion, when I take my seat, to refer it to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, in
order that we may be able to investigate the pro-
visions of the bill.
It is a fact well known to every member of this
House, that many bills coming from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs have been pressed through
this House without that examination which, in
my humble estimation, was due to their import-
ance. I do not wish to express any want of con- |
fidence in that committee; but I do not wish gen- |
tlemen of this House, nor do I imagine that it is j
the general desire, that we should take the judg- '
ment of this committee as conclusive, especially
in such important matters as appear to be involved
in this measure. We should nave an opportunity
of knowing what we have to vote upon, before
we are compelled to act.
I am opposed to any measure which contem-
plates an increase in the Army, or the expense of
maintaining it, and shall ever raise my humble
voice against such a policy.
Mr. Speaker, I cannot perceive that there is any
greater merit in a man's entering the Army or
Navy of our country, than in serving it in any other
station of life, or in devoting himself in other fields
of effort to his country's good.
Mr. BURT. Will the gentleman from Ohio
allow me to explain? I think he altogether misap-
prehends the nature of this bill ?
Mr. GIDDINGS. Certainly.
Mr. BURT. The gentleman from Ohio speaks
of increasing the Army. I assure him that he is
laboring under an utter misapprehension, in sup-
posing that a single man, or that a dollar of ex- ;
rense, is proposed to be added to the Army or
Navy by this bill. 1
Mr. GIDDINGS. I believe I understand this !
bill. It proposes that when an officer shall have
become incapacitated for service by age, or other
disability, he shall go on to the retired list, and re-
ceive his pay as an officer; whilst the next in rank
takes his place and receives the pay of this in-
creased grade. The effect of the bill, as I under-
stand it, will be that every lieutenant colonel
thus advanced to the rank of colonel, will receive
the pay of a colonel; every major, under the same
circumstances, will receive the pay of a lieutenant
colonel; every captain similarly promoted, will
have the pay of a major, and so on with all the
various grades.
Mr. BURT, (interposing.) I must have been
very unfortunate in the statement that I made, if
I was not understood distinctly to have said, that
the pay of no officer whatever was increased. A
colonel of a regiment being placed on the re-
tired list, goes there with his pay proper, which is
his monthly pay fixed by law, and his service ra-
tions, which are rations given by law for every
five years' service. The lieutenant colonel, who
performs the duties of colonel, has his jnonthly
pay, or pay proper, and gets the allowance for
horses, for service, for fuel,and for efuarters which
the law now gives to the colonel. "His pay is .not
increased. Nobody's pay is increased. The
colonel, as I said before, retires simply on his
monthly pay and service rations.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I wish to inquire of the
honorable chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs, whether the lieutenant colonel, while dis-
charging the duties of colonel, does not receive
the monthly pay of a colonel ?
Mr. BURT. No, sir, not at all.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Then I would not impose
those duties upon him. If the colonel receives
pay only equal to his services, why should not
the lieutenant colonel, too, receive the same pay for
performing the same duties? If it is unnecessary
to pay it to the lieutenant colonel, it is unnessary
to pay it to the colonel.
Now, sir, the very misunderstanding which
prevails in this hall shows the propriety of the
reference of this bill to a Committee of the Whole,
where it may be discussed so that we can all un-
derstand it. But, sir, I am unwilling to let the
subject pass without entering my protest against
this extreme anxiety to show particular favor and
liberality towards the Army. As I was remark-
ing when I was interrupted, I know of no greater
merit in the man who obtains an office in the
Army than in one who obtains a place on this
floor, or in any other honorable station in which
to serve his country. The man who faces his
country's foes in battle renders service to his
country that is no more meritorious than he who
faces the political dangers, by maintaining here or
elsewhere unpopular truths, in support of popu-
lar rights. You may take the members of this
House, and I will show you ten who will stand
unblanched amid the battle's strife, where you
will find one who will stand firm in his duty when
called to stand in hostility to a vitiated public
sentiment, or who will unflinchingly perform
| his duty when that duty is unpopular. Indeed,
j sir, there is not half the merit in serving in the
■ Army, that there is in serving in a civil capacity,
where men are constrained to do that which is op-
posed to the popular will. Now I want to know
if the gentleman who would establish this retired
list for the Army will establish a retired list for
ourselves and successors when we leave this Hail
or other civil service, the civil service of the Gov-
ernment
Sir, when this retired military list shall once be
established, it will remain an incubus upon the
people while the Government shall exist. Like
that of GreatBritain and of other despotic nations,
it will bear down the energies of the people, and
oppress those who toil for a living—those from
whom we all derive our support.
I, sir, meet this proposition in limine, at the
threshold. I oppose it, and will continue to op-
pose, so long as there shall be the least prospect
of making such opposition effectual.
Our young men are anxious to get commissions
in the Army. They desire to share in the honor
of serving our country. They not only exert
themselves, but their friends put forth their influ-
ence to obtain appointments for them. While
i there they live upon the labor, they are paid from
; the labor, of those who toil; and I, for one, will
I say, when they become incapable of serving the
; public, let them retire and live upon the proceeds
! of their former service, precisely as others do
j who get far less compensation. If they are un-
willing to do this, let them seek civil employment,
i I have no fears that we shall be unable to find
officers for the Army.
I, sir, feel constrained to go for every measure
that shall diminish the expense of the Army. It
is a time of peace; we have no need of one fourth
part of the troops which we now have under pay.
The burden is at least four times greater than it
ought to be. Let it be diminished.
. We see our officers now in almost every city
strutting about the streets in indolence, sustained
by the laboring people, fed from the public crib,
but doing nothing whatever to support themselves
or to increase the wealth of the nation. Sir, I
. would discharge every such officer, and let him
support himself.
1 These things are in conflict with our institutions,
i opposed to the spirit of the age, opposed to justice
and to sound policy. W e want no army. Recent
experience has demonstrated this point so clearly
that no reflecting mind can doubt it.
The bill before us contemplates a permanent
military establishment, a perpetual standing army.
It looks to a grand military institution that may
compete with those of European potentates, that
j shall rival foreign establishments of a similar char-
!. acter."
|; But I have no idea of speaking to the merits of
the bill. It is of great importance and should be
I understood by every member, and for the purpose
j of giving each an opportunity to'examine its de-
■ tails, I move that it be referred to the Committee
j of the Whole on the state of the Union, and be
II printed.
| Mr. JOHN A. KING said: I hope that the
11 motion of the gentleman from Ohio will not pre-
I vail. This bill has been presented by the unani-
! mous vote of the Committee on Military Affairs,
i | It is a matter which has been well examined, and
j has received the sanction of the proper officers of
I that Department of Government. They view it
| as a measure proper and right in itself, and safe
and salutary to the service. In the present con-
| dition of the country, with its extended bounda-
| ries and frontiers, the Department and the Govern-
ment is called upon to give as much efficiency to
j the Army and to its officers as is possible. And
in order to give efficiency to the Army, without in-
, creasing it, a bill of the description now proposed
; is absolutely necessary; and I therefore hope that
it will receive the sanction of this House. The
Coihmittee on Military Affairs were unanimously of
the opinion that a measure of this character was
one, not only proper in itself, but calculated emi-
,1 nently to add to the efficiency of the Army.
| I do not propose now to follow the gentleman
' from Ohio through the remarks which he has made
on the Army, to enter into any defence of that
branch of the public service, or to say anything
in relation to its power and efficiency in the coun-
try, or how much or how fittle in amount it should
j be. This is not the occasion to make that defence,
