382
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 30,
less than the simple interest on the New York
annual outlay.
Having established the fact, that the Mint in
Philadelphia, and its existing district branches,
can coin all the currency required in this country,
and do it promptly, I of" course show that on that
account no Branch Mint is required in New York.
And having shown that with a trifling additional
expense, one twelfth of the interest on the cost of
erecting a Branch Mint in New York and of carry-
ing it on, all the dust and bullion brought into that
city can be by the Philadelphia Mint as promptly
made available to the owner as it could be by a
Branch Mint in New York, I of course show that
public convenience does not require a Branch Mint
in the last-named city. And there is really no other
argument to be used in favor of the proposed
measure, excepting that which is founded on the
naked wish of the New Yorkers to have such an
institution in their city; and I shall allude to that
by and by.
Allow me now to turn your attention to the
froposed Branch Mint and Assay Office in San
'rancisco, and you will notice that all that I have
hitherto said was exclusive of the fact that Cali-
fornia was, arid is, to have a Mint. The Senate
bill could not have passed that body without such
a provision; and the provision for a Branch Mint
in San Francisco renders nugatory every argu-
ment that has been and can be advanced for a
Branch Mint in New York. It throws ridicule
upon the scheme. You know, sir—honorable
members know, that the arguments advanced for
the New York Mint, go upon the supposition that
all, or nearly all, the gold dust of California is
brought to New York. Establish a Branch Mint,
as you must dp if you pass the Senate bill, and
as you ought to do, and as you will if you pass
my substitute, and little or no gold dust will come
to New York.
If, then, there should be an Assay Office or Mint
established in California, then, I repeat it, all the
arguments which have been offered in this House,
or out of the House, in favorof one in New York,
fall to the ground; because men coming from Cali-
fornia to the Atlantic side .will not risk their gold
dust, exposed, in the first place, to deception as
to its value, and in the next place to robbery
by sea and land—exposed to the dangers of
the ocean and rivers, as by shipwreck, and the
danger of fire—by the burning and explosion of
steamboats; and cases of each kind have occurred.'
They would, as a matter of course, take their gold
dust or lumps to the Mint or Assay Office, deposit
them, and receive duplicate or triplicate certificates
of deposit, like bills of exchange; take one with
them, and send the others home by various con-
veyances. No man in his senses would bring
gold dust from California when he could procure
i£s value in a form available in any bank or cus-
tom-house in the Union. And let it be remem-
bered that the arrangements for the Assay Office in
California are to be instantly made. The passage
of the bill will be the signal for action, and the
next steamer that leaves New York for the penin-
sula will take out the assay master, assistant, and
machinery for immediate action. So that by the
return of the same steamer we may have certifi-
cates of deposits that would be as available as
gold, and ten times as convenient. And in due
time the coins would follow, and find their way
into the channels of circulation.
If you establish a Mint or an Assay Office in
San Francisco—and undoubtedly you ought to do
one or both, and the measure which I have pro-
posed provides for both—then, assuredly, you
remove the last shadow of an excuse—I need not
■ay argument, for I think arguments for such a
measure are not calculated on—you remove the
last shadow of an excuse for expending money in
erecting a Branch Mint in New York. It is re-
markable, and I call thereto the attention of the
committee, how the very means adopted to secure
the passage of the bill through the Senate, to es-
tablish a Branch Mint in New York, do, by the
effect, render that establishment wholly unneces-
sary.
And I may here note one remark of my honor-
able friend [Mr, Bbicos] yesterday, viz: the early
passage of the bill in the Senate last year. It did
pass early; and if it had been delayed until Octo-
ber, it never would have passed. For two feasons:
The first, it being entirely political, I omit. The
■econd is, that when the bill passed the Senate,
i the appropriations of Congress to enlarge the
capacity of the Philadelphia Mint, had not been
applied. And all arguments in the Senate were ,
founded on the small capabilities of the Philadel-
phia Mint at that time, viz: May last. In October
the furnaces had been multiplied, and the capabil-
ities of the Mint in that part, the only part in
which there was any deficiency, were rendered
sufficient for the coinage of the world.
But though 1 have avoided any attempts at a
speech, limiting myself chiefly to simple statements, ;
for all of which, and hundreds of others of the same
kind, I have in my hands ample proof, yet I will
call attention to one part of the argument of those
who prcts the Senate bill. It is this: that the
money ought to be coined in New York, because i
the gold dust is received there from California.
1 have not attempted to deny the fact that the
dust is received in New York; received there,
wherever else it may belong. Millions are for
Philadelphians, but these millions come via New
York. And this important fact is announced with
a spirit of exultation, while it is used as an argu-
ment in the case.
The dust is brought into New York; I confess
, it. The letters from Europe are mostly brought
into New York; but nearly all the gold dust comes
thither, and why ? Because the Government of
the United States spends millions of dollars to
• keep up the lines of steamers that take the gold
' past the cities of Baltimore and Philadelphia, and
land it in New York. And honorable gentlemen,
securing for their constituents this vast advan-
tage, demand other privileges, founded on the ex-
istence and enjoyment of that. The gift to the
commerce of New York of more than $1,000,000
per annum gives her courage and countenance
to claim an additional donative of $220,000 a year
more. The money given for the steamers may
be a general advantage, and therefore the local
benefit should not be pleaded in abatement; but
' do not let us grant another donation to gratify th€
f>ride and ambition which the former gift caused.
t is evident, 1 think, that the arguments in favor
; of a Branch Mint in New York are overthrown by
I the proof that it is cheaper to do the coining in
', Philadelphia. But when it is added that the estab-
| lishment of a Mint or Assaying Office in California
will prevent a reception of gold dust in New York,
the idea of the New York branch becomes simply
ridiculous.
But that I may not fail for want of figures to
show how New York came to be able to plead the
fact of gold dust arriving there, let me add a state-
ment of some of the expenditures of the General
Government made in her behalf. The Govern-
ment thus patronizes the ocean steamers of New
York by securing every year to each line as fol-
lows:
Southampton and Bremen $350,000
Collins's Liverpool line  385,000
New York and Chagres  290,000
1,025,000
I say nothing of the regular payments at the
custom-house in New York—about one million of
dollars—because there the amount paid grows out
of the condition of business. But even that busi-
ness is vastly augmented by the $1,025,000 which
Government secures to the New York steamers.
But beside that sum, and the almost a million at
the custom-house, the national Government ex-
■ pended in New York, in 1850, for the Navy De-
partment $1,994,018 24
( And for the War Department  3,217,589 72
Making $5,211,607 96
To which if we add for the steamers. 1,025,000 00
And for the custom-house  810,386 00
J $7,046,993 96
Before I close this statement, let me take occasion
to point honorable gentlemen, on both sides of
the House, to the situation in which we are placed
by this bill. At the present moment we are ap-
palled at the immense aggregate of the appropria-
tion bills. Nearly $45,000,000 are now required
to carry on the Government, and supply the
wants of its various branches. And here is a
l^|l calling for the expenditure of from one to two
millions in New York, and the annual appropria-
tion of the interest of two or three millions more
to sustain it. And for what purpose? Not to
promote pnblic benefit—not to assist national ob-
jects—not to meet a want of any community; but
simply to gratify a little civic pride of the New
Yorkers, whose commerce now owes its facilities
to public contributions.
I ask the gentlemen on the other side of the
House whether such an expenditure is consistent
with their claims to be economical statesmen and
politicians? I ask the gentlemen on the side of
the House where I have the honor to sit, whether
such a draft on the Treasury is consistent with
their respect for the Administration, one of whose
members, the Secretary of the Treasury, declares
that the Philadelphia Mint is sufficient for all the
purposes of coinage.
Will you, Mr. Chairman, and your partisans
here, disgrace your professions of economy by
such a useless extravagance of public funds ?
Will you, my fellow-Whigs, strike at an Admin-
istration with which you are identified by creed
and association, by crippling its efforts, and throw-
ing us upon the mercies of our political oppo-
nents?
Hundreds of poor widows and orphans are
knocking at the aoor of the Treasury for the pit-
tances that the nation owes them—owes them in
good faith—they knock in vain. The rivers and
harbors of the country are yet unprovided for.
The Senate bill granting five millions of dollars to
the claimants for French spoliations, prior to the
year 1801, is to be before this House, and pass, I
hope; and these $5,000,000 must go to swell the
$45,000,000 already asked for by the Committee
of Ways and Means to $50,000,000. You are
cutting off millions from the Post Office income,
and your Army will for the next fiscal year cost
you $2,000,000 more than has been thought of.
W e have to pay $10,000,000 to Texas, and to
Texas bond-holders. I hope some careful mem-
ber has been keeping some account of these rap-
idly-swelling millions.
And while such things as this exist, with cumu-
lative power of exhaustion, can this House, which
daily hears lectures of economy, and daily practices
them when a few hundred dollars and a few poor
men are concerned—can this House, sir, in mere
wantonness, waste the funds of the country, to
gratify a civic pride and cupidity, that owe their
existence, perhaps, to our former indulgence?
Let me call the attention of this House to the
statement and assertion of the Secretary of the
Treasury in his late report:
" The amount of coinage at the Mint in Philadelphia du-
ring the month just past has exceeded four millions of dol-
lars ; and, if the experiments now progressing under the
authority of Congress for testing a new process of assaying
should equal the expectations which have been formed re-
specting it, the capabilities of that establishment will be
extended to the coinage of eight millions monthly, and, with
the Branch Mint at New Orleans, will be fully able to fur-
nish coin without any unreasonable delay, for all the future
probable receipts of gold dust and bullion.
"Inorder, however, that the receivers of the precious met-
als from abroad—and particularly at New York, where the
greater portion of them arrive—may the more promptly and
without expense realize the amount, I would recommend
to Congress that this Department should be authorized to
receive all gold or silver bullion intended for coinage, and
so soon as it could be assayed and the correct value of it
ascertained, that Mint certificates should be issued for the
same in convenient sums, at the option of the owners;
which certificates should be made receivable for all dues to
the United States, the Government being at the expense of
conveying such bullion to the Mint for coinage. Under
this system, the holders of bullion would always realize the
full value, without abatement or discount, so soon as it was
assayed, which generally would be in a few days, and with
out waiting until it was actually coined. Such certificates
would be freely received on deposit as specie by all the
banks in the country, to be paid out to their customers who
might have duties or other dues to pay into the public
Treasury, and would greatly facilitate such payments by
avoiding the constant counting and recounting of large
amounts of coin for the purpose."
You will observe that^fe Secretary says that
the Mint at Philadelnhia^with the New Orleans
branch, is equal to all the wants of the country;
and this without regard to the proposed Mint and
Assay Office in California. Then, Mr. Chairman,
then, a fortiori, how ample must the Philadelphia
Mint be, with the California Mint and Assay Of-
fice in full operation.
My esteemed friend who opened this debate,
glorified himself a little, and sought to strengthen
nis argument, by an anticipation of the time when
New York is to be the monetary centre of the
world. The very circumstances upon which my
honorable friend is building his castle in the air,
will leave New York, compared, to Philadelphia,
where Venice, and Pisa, and Genoa, are compared
to London. The present commercial superiority
