1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
383
of New York has rightly no bearing on the ques- |
tion before us; but if it had it would be enough to j
say, that it is recent, and ephemeral, and rapidly
diminishing. Philadelphia, though not equal to ,
New York by some thousands, is rapidly gaining
on her; and the great Pacific railroad and new-
Atlantic facilities may and will restore the balance.
I have much more to say, and many statements
more to present, but so much time was here occu-
pied before goinginto committee, that I with pleas-
ure resign the floor to those who would sustain or
oppose the bill. I have endeavored to show that
the proposed measure is wholly unnecessary: be-
cause,
In the first place, the Philadelphia Mint is com-
petent, in all its departments, to the prompt coin-
age of all the gold that can be brought into this
country.
Secondly. That, though the bullion and dust
may arrive in New York and be wanted there in
coin, yet it will not cost one tenth as much to
transport the bullion to Philadelphia, and its pro-
duct in coin back to New York, as it will to coin
that dust or bullion in New York, and no appre-
ciable loss of time will be caused by the transport-
ation.
Thirdly. That the passage of the bill which
fixes a Branch Mint in California, renders a Branch
Mint in New York wholly unnecessary: because
the Mint in California will, of course, receive and
coin or assay the gold dust gathered there, and thus
pre rent its shipment to the Atlantic.
Mr. VAN DYKE said: It is my intention, Mr.
Chairman, to say but a few words in relation to the
subject before the committee. I happen to reside
somewhere midway between the contending par-
ties in this controversy; for it seems to me to be
in a great measure a controversy between Phila-
delphia and New York. Not living in either place,
1 do not feel any special partialities for either
locality, except in so far as I think that the
necessities of the case require that we should be
partial to one or the other.
I believe that it is both necessary and proper
either that there should be a Branch Mint, or the
Mint itself, located at or near the city of New
York.
I do not concur exactly in the reasons adduced
by mv friend from Philadelphia, in opposition to i
the bill. I do not think that the fact that large j
steamers are constantly passing between New
York and the other cities of the Union, furnishes
a good argument. If it be so good an argument,
the place in which I reside has equally the right to
use it for herself. But what of that ? That place
has got no right to claim the same advantages with
New York, and I am not sure that, to some ex- ,
tent at least, the remarks do not apply to the city
ofPhiladelphia. - I
But, sir, I do not intend to discuss the general I
merits of this bill; my object is to moveanamend- !
ment to the first section, which will be the first
under consideration for amendment. I intend to
move, and will more now if it be the proper time,
to strike out the words " the city of New York,"
and insert " the city of New Jersey, in the State
of New Jersey." And I will briefly proceed to
explain the reasons for this amendment, which I
believe to be good and sound; and I particularly ask
the attention of the committee while I briefly state
them.
I am fully of opinion, that for all purposes of
convenience and of commerce, the location of the
building for the Branch Mint in Jersey City, is
just as advantageous, in any sense that it can be
viewed, as its location in New York or Philadel-
phia. The great Cunard Line of Steamers now
lie at Jersey City, in ureference to lying at New
York. And indeed tAdvantages of J ersey "City
are in many respecter "ertainly as great, if not
greater, in favor of the establishment of the Mint
there as at any other city.
Now, my reasons for this amendment are
mainly these: My friend from Philadelphia has
tidked about econoftiy, and it is just on this prin-
ciple that I place the advantage of the amend-
ment I propose. If you establish this Mint at
Jersey City, instead of the thronged city of New
York, it will not cost this Government one quar-
ter the expense that would be necessary to erect a
suitable building in the city of New York.
In the first place you cannot locate this building
anywhere in New York but that you will be called
upon and compelled to pay four times its value for
the spot of ground it will occupy. The ground |
that will be necessary, whatever its extent, if lo- j
cated in New Jersey will cost comparatively noth-
ing in itself.
Then again in regard to the labor necessary to
construct the building. I would ask gentlemen
whether the very labor itself cannot be performed
in Jersey City for at most one half what it would
cost in New York. Look at the buildings in
New York and you will find that in erecting them
for every man at work there are half a dozen look-
in" on. The labor and the land will then cost
this Government more, much more, if this build-
ing be erected in New York, than it would if
erected in Jersey City.
I maintain another thing, that for all purposes
of materials, whether you use brick, or stone, or
timber, or of whatever the building be made, that
Jersey City is at least as accessible as the thronged
wharves and piers of the thronged city of New
York.
The ease, therefore, the facility, and the econ-
omy with which the materials necessary for the
construction of this building can be carried to
Jersey City, are greater than they would be in case
the building was located in New York. In this
simple sense it wilt be, I contend, more economi-
cal.
There is another, and, I think, a very important
reason. If this Branch Mint is to be constructed
in the city of New York, the building must corre-
spond, at least to a considerable extent, with the
other public buildings already erected there. The
custom-house in that city cost at least $3,000,000;
and if you build this Branch Mint in the city of
New York, the Government must to some extent
make it correspond in appearance with the other
public buildings located there. But if you build
it in the unaspiring place known as Jersey City,
it will be as pleasantly located, and as accessible
in every sense of the term, as convenient, and in
every respect as advantageous as it would be in
New York, and you need not incur so great an
expense.
A building well constructed and equal to all the
necessities of the Branch Mint, may be constructed
in that place for one fourth the amount of money
that it could be in New York, and yet it shall be
a building as respectable and as good in appear-
i ance as the generality of public buildings in New
York, or elsewhere.
There are other reasons why I should prefer
Jersey City. It is a safer place for the Mint than
New York. Why, sir, in England the Bank of
England has not always been safe from attacks of
one kind or another. I do not know that the
Branch Mint at Philadelphia has always been safe,
and I am not sure that this Mint would be safe if
located in the city of New York. I am not sure
that the time might not come when, in that city,
if the Mint were there located, it might not be mo-
lested. It is not impossible that the time may
arrive when, from great public pressure, disaster,
difficulty, or excitement, the densely thronged
population of New York might not, at some un-
guarded and unprepared moment, be tempted to
assail the Mint of the United States. It may not
be very probable, but it is possible. And I think
that for greater safety, and to avoid such difficul-
ties, it would be better to locate theMint at Jersey
City.
Then, sir, there is another reason why this
1 amendment should be adopted. We all know—
and I say it very respectfully—that the city o
New York is already almost overrun with the pat-
ronage of the General Government. I do not
mean to say that it is not all necessary. It grows
out of the state of the facts; it grows out of the
location of the city of New York; it grows out of
her great business, her great revenue, and out of
many other things connected with her as a great
commercial city. I do not find fault with this, but
I refer to the fact that it is so. The city of New
York is already almost overrun with Government
patronage of one kind and another. Now, if the
Mint is located on the other side of the Hudson,
it will remove all these difficulties. It will remove
the idea I hope to some extent—sometimes en-
tertained about these Government establishments,
of corruption, if it should be located in the incor-
ruptible State of New Jersey. [Laughter.] m
are free, I believe, from the charge of political cor-
ruption, or of having corruption any where about
our public establishments, so far as the Govern-
ment is concerned. We should thus get clear of
the question of Government patronage, and a lit-
tle of the patronage which presses so heavily upon
the city of New York would be removed to a city
that has none—none. If, then, by so doing, we
can save—and I think that we can save thousands
and hundr^s of thousands—it furnishes an addi-
tional reason for putting theMint where I propose.
It will be a safer place, one less exposed to diffi-
culty, and it will furnish all^the facilities and all
the advantages necessary, and which New York
could afford. And we may add to all these ad-
vantages that great one of economy, in favor of
which the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Chandler] seemed to appeal to all sides of the
House.
Having submitted these remarks, and having, as
I hope, to some extent, acted as a peacemaker be-
tween the contending parties, I hope the amend-
ment will be adopted when the committee comes
to vote upon it.
Mr. KING, of New Jersey, said: The late hour
of the day makes it unpleasant to me to ask the
attention of the committee to the subject under
consideration; and yet there are circumstances
connected with this question which have not, in
my judgment, been fairly laid before the commit-
tee. As an original proposition, whether the Mint
should be placed in New York or Philadelphia, I
take it that the committee would come to the con-
clusion that, upon every consideration that governs
such matters, New York should be the city selec-
ted.
Mr. GORMAN (interposing) asked the gentle*
man from New Jersey to give way for a motion
that the committee rise, the hour having arrived
when, by the order of the House, debate on the
bill was to close.
Several Members. Oh, no; it does not close
till twelve o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. KING. If I could have another opportu-
nity of making the remarks which I desire to make,
I would gladly yield the floor for a motion to ad-
journ, for I am not in a condition to address the
committee, and I do not think that the committee
is in a condition to listen to arguments. As I said
before, if it were an original question 
Mr. VINTON (interposing) said that he pre-
sumed that by general understanding, the time
fixed for closing debate might be postponed for
; two hours. The gentleman from New Jersey did
i not feel able to proceed with his remarks, and he
(Mr. V.) hoped, therefore, that the committee
would indulge him. He would, with the permis-
sion of the gentleman from New Jersey, move that
the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to, and the committee
rose; and the Speaker having resumed his seat,
, the chairman of the committee reported progress.
| Mr. VINTON moved that the order closing de-
1 bate on the bill to establish a Branch Mint in the
city of New York be extended two hours.
! Mr. DISNEY. Say three hours.
' The SPEAKER (Mr. Born temporarily occu-
' pying the chair) said that the motion could only
be entertained by unanimous consent.
Objection was made by several members.
Mr. VINTON moved to reconsider the vote bv
which the resolution closing debate on the Branch
Mint bill was adopted yesterday.
Mr. RICHARDSON moved that the House do
now adjourn.
i The motion was. not agreed to, and the House
refused to adjourn."
The question was then taken on Mr. Vinton's
motion to reconsider, and it was decided in the
/ affirmative.
So the vote by which the resolution was passed
i was reconsidered.
Mr. VINTON moved to amend the origiifal
resolution by substituting "two o'clock" for
" twelve o'clock."
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio, (interposing,) asked if
it was in order to offer an amendment to that
amendment?
The SPEAKER said it would be in order pro-
vided the gentleman from Ohio had the floor, but
his colleague [Mr. Vinton] was now on the floor.
Mr. VINTON modified his amendment so as to
1 insert three o'clock,and moved the previous ques-
tion. .
The previous question received a second, and
the question being on ordering the main question
ii to be now put,
