384
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 30.
Mr. JONES called for a division.
Mr. VINTON demanded the yeas and nays,
but they were not ordered.
On motion by Mr. McLANE, of Maryland—
The House then adjourned.
* PETITIONS, &c. ^
The following petitions arid memorials were presented
ander the rule, and referred to appropriate committees:
By Mr. FOWLER: Tim petition of Charles J. Holmes, •
Nathaniel B. Bordon, David Anthony, Richard Bordon, i
A polios' Dean, and 160 other legal voters of Fall River, ,
Massachusetts, praying Congress to repeal the fugitive slave
law; because its enactments are against public policy;
because they are in violation of the laws of humanity ; and
because they are in conflict with the principles of the Con-
stitutions both of Massachusetts and of the United States.
Referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. !
By Mr. ANDREWS : The petition of C. F. Hammond
add 700 others, citizens of Essex county, New York, ask- .
ing Congress to impose specific duties upon all articles
which would come in competition with American products.
Also, the remonstrance of Allen Penfield and 300 others,
citizens of Essex county, New York, against the passage
of the bill called the " Canadian reciprocity bill."
By Mr. DANNER: The petition of 170 citizens of Y«ik
county, Pennsylvania, praying that the bounty land law of
September, 1850, may be so modified as to give one hun-
dred and sixty acres of land to each of the persons intended
to be benefited by said law.
By Mr. CABELL, of Florida: The memorial of the
"Jacksonville an^ Alligator Plank Road Company," ask-
ing a grant of a portion of the public lands through which
their road will pass.
By Mr. HOWE : The petition of Jacob Black and 44
others, citizens of Pennsylvania, praying Congress to mod-
ify the tariff laws of 1846.
By Mr. HENRY: The petition of Nathan H. Battoua
and 48 others, citizens of Shaftsbury, Bennington county,
Vermont, praying for the belter protection of American In-
dustry, by the substitution of specific for ad valorem duty.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 30,1851.
The PRESIDENT laid before the body a com-
munication from the Department of War, made
incompliance with a resolution of the Senate of
the 25tn instant, calling upon that Department to
furnish a copy of the report of Mr. Charles Ellet,
in reference to deepening the mouths of the Mis-
sissippi; which was read, and,
On motion by Mr. DOWNS, it was ordered
that it be laid on the table and printed.
Mr. BADGER. I present the petition of Sam-
uel Mickum, chief messenger in the Navy Depart-
ment, asking that his salary may be made equal
to that of other chief messengers in the Depart-
ments. He sets forth in his petition that he has
been a messenger in the Navy Department since
November, 1839, during all which time he has re-
ceived but $650 per annum for his services, while,
with but a single exception, the messengers of de-
partments and bureaus have been paid at the rate
of $700 per year, and that, too, while his duties
have been no less arduous than those of any other
messenger, certainly more laborious and responsi-
ble than those of many who are, and have been,
receiving higher pay. His application has received
the approval and recbmmendation of the present
Secretary of the Navy; and accompanying it is a
copy of a letter from Mr. Mason, a former Secre-
tary, speaking in the most favorable terms of the
services of this petitioner, and recommending an
increase of his salary of fifty dollars per year from
the date of his appointment, with other advant-
ages. I beg leave to add, from my own personal
observation while in that Department, that no
officer of his grade was ever more faithful and ef-
ficient than the present applicant. I move to refer
his petition, with the accompanying papers, to the
Committee on Finance.
The memorial was accordingly so referred.
Mr. MILLER presented a memorial from in-
ventors and others interested in useful inventions,
asking that the bill now pending for the amend-
ment of the patent laws may become a law; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HALE presented a petition from citizens
of Cuyahoga county, in the State of Ohio, asking
a reduction of the rates of postage; which was or-
dered to lie on the table.
Mr. SHIELDS presented an additional docu-
ment in the case of Thomas M. Hope, late United
States marshal for the district of Illinois; 'which
was referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, presented the
memorial of John W. Whipple, administrator of
Joseph H. Whipple, late a captain in the United
States Army, asking that his accounts may be
settled upon principles of equity and justice; which
was referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. CLAY. I have been requested to present
the memorial of Mr. H. A. Frost, who describes
himself to be a British subject. He has neverthe-
less resided some twelve or thirteen years in Mich-
igan, but is now a resident of Canada. He has
made, as he thinks, some very important inven-
tions, which tend to cheapen very mu^h the erection
of all descriptions of buildings. H^says heisvery
poor, and cannot pay the price of $500, which is
required by our laws to be paid by a foreigner, in
order to obtain a patent. He asks that the patent
laws may be so amended as to grant letters patent
to foreigners who have resided in the United States ,
for five consecutive years, at any time previous to ]
his application for a patent, for the same fee as a
citizen; and that foreigners may be allowed to file
; a caveat on payment of the same fees as citizens.
As the subject of amending the patent laws is
already before the Senate, I move that the memo-
rial be laid upon the table.
It was laid upon the table accordingly.
! Mr. DAYTON presented a memorial from citi-
zens of Trenton, in the State of New Jersey, ask-
ing the enactment of a law for the repeal of illegal
, or fraudulent patents, and setting forth that the
1 want of such a law exposes the public to vexatious
annoyance, and frequently to direct imposition,
and tends to the injury of just and honest invent-
ers; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. DAWSON presented the memorial of Jane
Irwin, the daughter and only heir of Colonel Jared
Irwin, asking that she may be allowed a pension,
in consideration of the services of her father, and
1 indemnity for losses sustained by him during the
j revolutionary war, which she claims to have
S clearly established; which was referred to the Com-
] mittee of Claims.
! REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to which was referred House bill No. 158,
for the relief of Joseph Johnston, reported back
the same without amendment, and recommended
] its passage.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which was referred the report of
the Secretary of Weir, communicating certain re-
sults of experiments made under the direction of
the Ordnance Bureau, to ascertain the most effi-
cient repeating pistol for the dragoon service, sub-
mitted a report in writing, recommending the use
of Colt's repeating fire-arms for the Army of the
United States; which was ordered to be printed.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the memorial of Gustavus A. Parsons,
asking compensation for raising volunteers, asked
to be discharged from the farther consideration of
the same; which was agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the communication from James W. Sim-
i mons, stating that his salary as military store-
keeper at California is inadequate, and asking to
have it made adequate to his support, asked to
' be discharged from the further consideration of
the same; which was agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the memorial of James C. Wilson, a
clerk in the office of the Chief Engineer, for ar-
rears of compensation, asked to be discharged from
the further consideration of the same; which was
! agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
, referred the memorial of Joseph Byrd, asking to
be paid the value of certain merchandise captured
i by nim during the war of 1812, asked to be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the same;
which was agreed to.
| Also, from the same committee, to which was
! referred the memorial of George C. Hutter, ask-
' ing arrears of pav as an officer in the Army, asked
to be dichargea from the further consideration of
the same; wnich was agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the memorial of F. Andrews, asking to
be allowed extra pay as a surgeon to the Iowa
mounted volunteers during the war with Mexico,
asked to be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the same; which was agreed to.
•Vlso, from the same committee, to which was re-
ferred the memorial of Angeline B. N. Cooke,
widow of Col. Wm. G. Cooke, for services ren-
dered at Point Isabel, asked to be discharged from
the further consideration of the same; which was
agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of Charles Hibbs, a messen-
ger in the Pension Bureau, asking to have his
salary made equal to the salaries of the messen-
gers in the War Department, reported a bill to
make the salary of the principal messenger of the
Pension Bereau equal to that of the salaries of the
principal messengers of the War Department;
which was read and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the motion to print the
communication from Mr. W. Guthrie, on the sub-
ject of steam explosions, and the best remedy to
prevent the same, reported in favor of printing the
communication; which was agreed to.
Mr. EWING, from the Committee on Finance,
to which was referred the memorial of the Regents
of the Smithsonian Institution, reported a bill
supplementary to an act passed 10th August, 1846,
entitled " An act to establish the Smithsonian In-
stitution for the increase and diffusion of knowl-
edge among men;" which was read and passed to
a second reading.
Mr. BALDWIN, from the Committee of
Claims, to which was referred the memorial of
the heirs of Harman Blannerhassett, asking to be
indemnified for injuries done to the estate on an
island in the Ohio, and property wantonly de-
stroyed after having been taken in possession by
order of Government, submitted a report in wri-
ting, which was ordered to be printed, accompa-
nied by a bill for the relief of Harman Blanner-
hassett and Joseph Lewis Blannerhassett, heirs of
Harman Blannerhassett, deceased; which was
read and ordered to a second reading,
i Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred the petition of Samuel D..
Davis, asking to be allowed a pension, submitted
an adverse report on the same; which was ordered
to be printed.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the memorial of Mary F. B. Levely,
' widow of Captain Henry Levely, asking arrears
of pension, submitted a report, which was ordered
to be printed, accompanied by a bill for her relief;
which was read and passed to a second reading.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of Lavina Taylor, widow of
the late Isaac Taylor, of the United States Army,
asking that the same pension may be allowed to
her as to the widows of volunteers, submitted a
report, which was ordered to be printed, accom-
panied by a bill for her relief, which was read and
passed to a second reading.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of Nancy Wright, widow of
James Wright, late an officer in the revenue ser-
! vice, asking to be allowed a pension, submitted a
i report, which was ordered to be printed, accom-
I panied by a bill for her relief, which was read and
; passed to a second reading.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, to which was referred
House bill for the relief of Alden and Williams,
reported back the same without amendment, ac-
companied by an adverse report; which was or-
dered to be printed.
I DEAD LETTERS IN CALIFORNIA.
i Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on the Post
■ Office and Post Roads, reported a joint resolution
concerning dead letters in the post offices in Cali-
, fornia and Oregon, and for other purposes; which
was read a first time by its title and ordered to a
second reading.
Mr. RUSK. 1 would askthe indulgence of the
Senate to state simply wl^kthat joint resolution
; i's, preparatory to calling t^n them to consider it
' now. It has been ascertained, from a communica-
tion of the Postmaster General, that a large amount
! of dead letters accumulate in the post offices of
j California and Oregon. According to the present
law and arrangement these letters must be trans-
ported to the Department at Washington before
i they can be opened, and but very few of the 1m-
' mense number of letters returned from there at
enormous expense contain any articles of value.
! The expense of transporting the mail across the
] Isthmus alone is some 036,000 annually.
The joint resolution provides that dead letters in
California shall be opened quarterly, either by the
postmaster at San Francisco, or by the spec
