THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. R IVES.—TERMS $1 50 FOR THIS SESSION.
Jlfr Coctimi, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 1. 1851.
New Scries.... No. 35.
a**nt of the Department, under such regulations
as may be prescribed l>y the Postmaster General;
ami that such as rontaiu articles of value shall be
transmittal to the General Post Office here. It also
pro* ales that the d«ad letters which accumulate in
Oregon shall be returned to Astoria and examined
in the same way. This will save a large amount
of money to the Department.
T;«erv is aiuther proportion in the resolution.
In app.>iniuw; trie special agent of the Department
for California, the law limited his allowanre to the
saUrv ullovn! to the principal clerk in the De-
partment here. The result was that ottiy s.steen
ban J red dollars was allowed. For that sum, all
thinjs considered, the Postmaster General cannot
procure in California the serwees of a man that is
capable ot" discharging the important duues that
devolve upon this agent. The resolution, there-
fore. proposes u> allow him the sum of $3,500 per
annum, and $3 a day for his traveling expenses,
while he is traveling on the business of the De-
partment. This, under the circumstances, seems
to be a reasonable amount. The resolution also
provide* that the fiscal year of the Post Office De-
partment i' r the State of California, and the Ter-
ritories of Oregon, New Mexico, and Utah, shall
commence on the first day of April in each and
every year. These are the only propositions in-
volved in the resolution. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Sena-e that it may now be read a sec-
ond time and considered, because if it has to take
iw chance upon the calendar, it will not be reached
during the residue of the session, and the expense
of traasmitUMT the dead letter* to Washington
will be continued on the Department.
Hie joint resolution was then read a second time
and considered to the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole. It was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
REPORT OK CALIFORNIA I.AND TITLES.
On motion bf Mr. EWING, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the report of the Committee on
Pnntimr, on the motion to print the report of the
Secretary of the I nlerior communicating: the report
of William Carey Jones, at the last session, in
relation to land titles in California: and, in con-
currence with said report, the report was ordered
to be printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED ON LEAVE.
Mr. BORLAND, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
for the relief of the heirs of Valiere de Hauterire;
which was read a first and second time by its
tu.e, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. BRIGHT, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill for the relief
of Franklin Hardin, of Johnson county, Indiana;
which was read a first and second time by its title
and referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. FOOTE, in pursuance of notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill for improving the
navigation of Pearl, Big Black, Yazoo, and other
rivers in Mississippi; which was read a first and
second time bv its title and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. TURKEY save notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a joint resolution, supple-
mentTV to the joint resolution approved March
9,1*M8, entitled "A joint resolution expressive of
the thanks of Congress to Major General Winfield
Scott and the troops under his command."
Mr. FELOH gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to regulate the surveying
and sale of islands belonging to the United States.
POST ROUTES IX ARKANSAS.
Mr. BORLAND submitted the following reso-
lution: which lie« over under the rule:
Kesofocrf, That til* Committee on the PontOSee Old Port
Boadi b* mxnKteii to inquire into the propriety of estab-
lishing *tj*- following maiJ route* :
1st. Froa Casutea, vis Woodlawn, Leake's Store, and
Pus's more, to UtlnUe, Arkansas.
2d. From Camden to Clinton, Arkansas.
25
I 3d. From Pine Blurt", via White Oak Bluff, on Saline
river, lo Cliauibersville, via Calhoun count)', Arkansas.
THE CASE OF THE AMISTAD.
_ Mr. MASON. I beg leave to submit the fol-
lowing resolution:
Retoirtd, That the Committee on Foreign Relations be
instructed to inquire into the propriety of providing by law,
pursuant to the recommendation of President Polk in liU
linkage of the 7th December, l(tt, tor the payment of llw
claim there mentioned, a? arising to certain Spanish claim-
ant* in the '• Amistad eaae."
This subject was brought to the notice of Con-
fresn in December, 1847, by the late President
'oik, who recommended that it should be paid,as
he thought it was due to Spain under the treaty of
the 20th of October, 1795. The matter was re-
ferred then to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, of which committee Mr. Hannegan was
chairman. The sum of (50,000 was placed upon
one of the appropriation bills of that year by the
Senate, which amount was afterwards stricken out
by the House. As the resolution is simply one of
inquiry, I ask that it may now be considered.
Mr. CHASE. Let it lie over.
It was accordingly laid over under thfe rule.
POSSESSORY RIGHTS OP THE HUDSON'S
BAT COMPANT.
Mr. GWINsubmitted the following resolution;
which was considered and agreed to:
RnoJral, That the President be requeued to eoaummi-
cate In the Senate, if aot incompatible with the pablic in-
terest, copies of all correspondence between this Govern-
ment and the Government of Great Britain, aud between
this Government and the British Hudson's Bar Company,
relative to the powamoi i rights of said company in Oregon,
or to the parr base of said possi; story rights by this Govern-
ment ; aad whether any'proposition has been made by fcaid
company to our Government to sell said possessory right*,
and if so, to communicate to the Senate copies thereof.
BILLS FROM THE HOUSE REFERRED.
The bill from the House of Representatives to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations for the
service of the fiscal year ending the 30th June,
1851, was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Finance.
The joint resolution from the House for the re-
lief of J ohn H. Horme was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
The Senate proceeded to consider the following
resolution, submitted by Mr. Walker on the 28th
instant:
Rembtd, Thai the Board of legenIs of the Sini# onijm
Insulation be directed to inform the Senate why the 6th
•ecbon of the act entitled " An act to establish the Smith-
sonian Institution, for the increase and diffusion of knowl-
edge among men," ha* not been complied with by making
suitable arrangements for the reception of the " objects of
art," fee., named in aid section.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I hope that the
resolution will not be favorably entertained by the
Senate. The Smithsonian Institution is not a de-
partment of the Government, and I hope Congress
will never undertake to take charge of it. This is
a call upon the Board of Regents to explain to us
something in connection with the execution of
their duty. If it were a proper and a well-founded
call, 1 should still think it improper for Congress
to interfere with the administration of a fund
which it has confided to a Board of Regents not
entirely formed of members of Congress, and not
responsible to it. An examination of the charter
would have shown the Senator who introduced the
resolution that there was no obligation on the
Smithsonian Institution to receive the museum,
•which I suppose is the matter referred to, but that,
on the other hand, it was considered a grant which
the Government was willing to make in a friendly
spirit, of objects of art and curiosity, whenever
the Institution should appoint some person to re-
ceive them. It is obligatory to deliver, but not to
receive. In some other countries there is a cour-
tesy between the king and his ministers, that a
minister shall never refuse a present. In Siam,
whenever the king wishes to crush a minister he
sends him the present of an elephant. The min- j
ister%annot refuse the present, because it comes
from the king, but the expense of keeping the i
present crushes the minister. It is exactly such
a present that the Senator from Wisconsin wishes
to force the Smithsonian Institution to receive. It
is a present the charge of which would deduct
very greatly from the means of the Institution to
carry out the purposes of its donor—a foreigner
who gave a fund for a special object enumerated in
his will.
If it were in the power of this Government to
charge the Smithsonian Institution with the keep-
ing of this museum, I should deem it more than
improper in the Government to transfer an exten-
sive collection which it holds, and fasten the charge
of maintaining it upon the fund given by a for-
eigner for the increase and diffusion of knowledge
among men, and the establishment of an institu-
tion for that purpose, to be located at the city of
Washington, in the United Stated. But it is clearly
not within the power of Congress i^fharge that
fund with the keeping up of 'anjWRablishment
which the Government may choose either to create,
or which it may now have in its possession, and
which would pervert the trust from its proper use.
If the Senator had examined the charter he
would have found still fiirtherthat in the kindness
which prevailed, and the anticipation of a good
understanding between that institution and Con-
gress, terms so general were employed, that a
power was given to the institution to strip the Ro-
tundo of the paintings which now adorn it, to take
the models from the Patent Office, not merely the
museum which is collected as the result of explo-
ring expeditions, but, everything which that insti-
tution, if they claim the strict Tetter of the law,
might choose to abstract from the various Depart-
ments of the Government. But, without going
into this question, I wish to call the attention of
the Senate to the fact that here is an institution
founded by the bequest of a foreigner, of which
bequest the United States, properly or improperly,
I will not now stop to consider, have taken charge
as trustee, and to administer which fund they have
organized a Board of Regents. Its active opera-
tions have already been incumbered by the Con-
gress of the United States requiring them to erect
an expensive building, with apartments for a mu-
ieum and gallery of art. Now it is proposed to
ncumber them still further, by charging them with
keeping a large museum of the United States, witl^
which that institution has no proper connection.
It is no part of the general plan of that institution
to collect a large museum. The object is, accord-
ing to the will of the founder, to increase and dif-
fuse knowledge among men. They, therefore, only
wish to collect those things which are not to be
found in the other museums of the country. They
only wish to explore fields which have not been
trodden before.
The object of the Senator from Wisconsin—the
effect of his construction if sustained—is to crjpple
that fund in the very object for which it was given,
and encumber it with the keeping of a great col-
lection of art which now belongs to the United
States. I do hope that the Senate will reject the
resolution.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, after what has
been said by the Senator from Mississippi it would
be unnecessary to say anything more. But I wish
to state two considerations, which I trust will be
sufficient to induce the Senate not to adopt the
resolution. In the first place, the resolution as-
sumes that the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian
Institution have neglected their duty. I think it can
very easily be shown that they have not neglected
this or any other duty imposed upon them.. In
the next place, all the information which the Sen-
ate can possibly derive from any communication
the Board of Regents might make in answer to such
a call is already in the possession of the Senate.
The last annual report of the Board of Regents
has been laid before the Senate and printed. That
report explains fully their system of operations from
the time of their organization. It sets forth the
scheme of finance which they adopted, and in pur-
suance of that scheme of finance the enlargement
of the principal fund, which was rather small, for
the great objects of the institution. They propose
€
