1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
387
day, but I give notice that I shall to-morrow call
up that bill, as it is a matter of very considerable
importance.
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS IN CALIFORNIA.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
to ascertain and settle private land claims in the
Stateof Califomiajthequestion pending being upon
the amendment offered by Mr. Socle, and ac-
cepted by Mr. Benton in lieu of one which he
bad offered:
■' Prortitd, That possession in good faith, within deter-
mined metes and boundaries, daring twenty years, shall be
deemed prima fori* evidence ef a complete grant, even
against the Government."
Mr. GWIN". Mr. President, a night's reflec-
tion has greatly changed my views in regard to
this amendment as modified by the Senator from
Louisiana, [Mr. Socle,] which the Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Bevton] has adopted. Twenty
years' possession of lands with proper metes and
boundaries gives a title, not only against every
private adverse claimant in possession less than
twenty years, but eve  against the Government-,
that is to say, * claimant twenty years in posses-
sion of a tract of land of unlimited extent is to be
made good against all claims of subsequent date
emanating from the proper authorities of Mexico.
I will more fully illustrate my views of the sub-
ject by stating a case that may arise under this
amendment, if it is incorporated in the bill and
becomes a law. General Castro has a claim for
an immense tract of land in the Santa Clara, valley.
Many years ago, perhaps more than twenty, for I
am not sufficiently accurate in the information I
have to give as to dates, be surveyed this claim
after the Mexican fashion in California, by send-
ing out persons with a rope, who galloped on
horseback through the country, and thus located
his land. Within this claim is located several
grants emanating from the Mexican Governors of
California. I get my information from citizens of
the State now in the city, who own part of the
claims last named. If Castro's claim dates further
back than twenty years, this amendment will give
him the land. Certainly we have not the power
thus to decide between conflicting claimants. It
gives the possessor of the claim that bears date
more than twenty years fearful advantages over
the owner of a claim of more recent date, although
that the purchasers of such lands hold no lejal title to them {
whatever by virtue of any sale made by your reverence. I
" I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,
"R. B.MASON,
" Colonel Dragoons, Governor of California.
"Rev.PaAre Fa. Jose Mari* Del R. S. Del Real,
" Minister of the Mission of Santa Clara."
" State Department, Territory or California,
Monterey, August 18, 1848.
" Sir : It is reported that you have recently put Dr. R. I
Den in judicial possession of the rancho or farm ef San
"irons to the mission of Santa Barbara.
■' The Governor, therefore, directs me to inform you that
iis act of yours is utterly null and void, no alcalde in Cali-
fornia having authority to give any legal force whatever te
any existing claims or titles to the miesions or other public
lands in this Territory.
" Very respectfully, your obedient servant.
" H. W. HALLEt'K,
« Lieutenant of Kngineer$ and Secretary of State.
"Do  Pedro O. Camello,
"First .Alcalde of Santa Barbara"
Here we find one of these priests not only claim-
ing the lands of this mission—lands as rich and ;
valuable as any on the globe, and probably in-
cludingthe richest quicksilver mines in the world—
but he was actually engaged in selling them in 1
1847. These mission lands belong to the United
States, yet the priests have been in possession of
them more than twenty years, and by this amend-
ment the United States quitclaims all of its title to
the possessor. Why, the result of this will be
most startling. These missions can be determined
by proper metes and boundaries, for they have
such metes and boundaries separating the posses-
sions of one from the other, but within these metes
and boundaries are principalities comprising as
much land as will be found in some of the king-
doms of Europe, and as rich in soil and minerals ;
as any lands on the Globe. These meftes and :
i boundaries cover all the Government lands in the
! settled portions of California. If this amendment j
i will give these missions to the possessors, who ■!
are the priests, we neeAlegislate no further about !
the public lands in California; the balance is not
worth contending for.
Nothing can more fully illustrate the importance
of not departing from the old settled mode of ad-
justing these land claims. Nearly the whole Sen-
ate were ready yesterday evening to vote for this
amendment, and if I am correct in the view I have .
taken, nothing could be more fatal to the interests i
of the Government and the prosperity of the State
of California than its adoption. Let us confirm
he may have been in possession a dozen, or even i outright the town-lots, out-lots, and grazing-lots, !
A _ - 1 1a n A fui 1 rtTft m y\M* ' 1 1 * .1 1 A , 1 .   3 1 _ A _ 11 _  I
nineteen years. As I have said before, most of
these are inchoate claims, and the claimant under
the older grant has, under this amendment, an ab-
solute quitclaim from the United States, and may
and will plead the very defects against the sub-
sequent claim that existed against his own, but !
which the Government by this act has removed, i
so far as it is concerned, and would also remove ,
in regard to the other claimant, if not estopped by j
this proceeding from examining it at all. It gives
a great advantage to the older claimants, and I am ..
not disposed to interfere at all in these conflicts,
but leave them to be decided by the courts.
Again: does not this affect the mission lands?
The priests have been in possession of these mis-
sions more than twenty years—continued posses-
sion; for although the act of secularization has in
most instances been accomplished in these mis-
sions, yet the priests have always remained in
as provided in the I4th section, and let all other
claims take the course pointed out in the other sec-
tions of this bill.
In my bill I expressly excluded the mission lands
from the operation of the law of prescription. In
the 10th section the commissioners were informed
what they were to do with these mission lands:
examine the tenure by which they were held, and
report to the Secretary of the Interior. I was not
and am not willing to recognize any claim to
these missions. They include within their metes
and boundaries the best agricultural lands in Cali- J
fornia. These lands belong to the United States; ;
and I was not willing to give the commissioners,
or any one else but the Congress of the United
States, the power of disposing of them, nor did I
wish Congress to act until a full report from the
most reliable source was laid_before us. The Ju-
diciary Committee struck from my bill the pro-
possession, and I am told now in some instances ; vision in regard to prescription; but they hare
actually claim them. See what Captain Halleck, ■ intended, I presume, to accomplish the same object
ill his valuable report, says on the subject: by the 14th section of their bill, confirming out-
" Towards the close of 1847 it was reported to the Gov- ' right the town-lots, out-lots, and grazing-lots.
ernor that the priest of the mission of Santa Clara was They have inserted in their bill the 10th section of !
aellfll the lands of that mission. He was immediately min£ ,eavin„ out the examination of the tenure 1
called upon for his authority for making such sales, and be
tng unable to give any that was deemed satisfactory, the
Governor declared all sales made by him of mission lands
to be illegal, null, and void."
I will read to the Senate the correspondence on
this subject:
Heao«uakte>s, 10th Military Departhert,
Moktkret, California, January 3,1848.
by which the mission lands are held, showing that
they no longer conceived it to be necessary to guard
. them from the operation of the law of prescrip-
i tion. The town-lots, out-lots, and pasture-lots
i*feomprise four fifths if not nine tenths of the land
! claims in California that emanated from the Span-
i ish and Mexican Governments. These are con-
" Rev. Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipr., firmed by this bill. Thus the great object I had
' voiir letter of the 29th December, and its accomoanvinar \ • * : - • * i.. - - -
of your Inter of tli,' i>9tii Dcrt intx'r, ant! its accompanying j . • ^ intr0(lucino- the law of prescription is
documents, purportinj to trve you authority to sell mission > , , , T JJ.,, . ,V uni nf tj.p-
lands, bearing date 25th May and 16th June, 1846, signed by i accomplished, and I will adhere to the billot the
Jo-<- Castro, and addressed to yourself. I committee. If it does not meet all the wants ot
'This document certainly could give you no authority to : the country, if in some cases its restrictions will
sell any part of the mission lands after the 7th July, 1846,
the day on which the IJnited States fla$ was hoisted in Cal- ,
ifornia, if, indeed, it could legally have conferred such au-
thority before. Since that date the mission lundi can only ,
be disposed of by virtue of authority from the United States j
Government, f am; therefore, obliged to declare, and do ' |
hereby declare, all rales of any part of the ruHsien lands j
mad* ky yoar reverence to be illegal, null, and void, and -
prove injurious to claimants, we can remedy it by
future legislation; but if by loose legislation we
confirm claims that ought not ta be confirmed, the ,
mischief is done, and the remedy has passed from
our hands forever.
I wish it distinctly understood, Mr. President,
that I do not intend by my course here to give
substance to the mere shadow of a claim. I am
for the speedy confirmation of all bona Jide claims
and their separation from the public domain, but
I am determined to resist the sweeping confirma-.
tion of all claims. An immense majority of my
constituents, and those who by their energy and
industry have developed the resources of the coun-
try and made California the wonder of the world,
have no land. They want homes. I wish to give
them homes on the public domain, and that can-
not be done until good claims are confirmed and
separated from the public domain, and the bad
claims, which hang like an incubus over the coun-
try, checking the energy and industry of its in-
habitants, are rejected and put to rest forever.
Mr. BENTON. There is not an inch square
in California, in the whole of it, which is held by
an ecclesiastical title, neither in Upper nor Lower
California. What was so held has undergone
secularization. By a decree of the Mexican Con-
gress of the 17th of August, 1833, every acre of
land in Upper and Lower California was secular-
ized—that is, was taken from the church—returned
to the world, ad secuhtm; and the priests, thus
dispossessed, were all provided for by law. Those
who remained in the country received salaries,
and those who did not choose to remain had their
passage paid back into old Mexico. Ecclesiastical
titles ceased there precisely as they ceased in Great
Britain, when the abbeys underwent seculariza-
tion. They underwent an act of secularization.
Here is the law, 17th August, 1833. The history
of the whole is given by Mr. Jones, in his report
on the subject of land titles in California, and
every law is given, so that those who choose may
see the law and examine it for themselves:
"Art. 1. The Government will proceed to secularize
the missions of Upper and Lower California.
"Art- 2. In each of said missions a parish shall be es-
tablished under the charge of a parish priest of the secular
clergy"—worldly clergy, sir—"with a salary of from $9,000
to .$§,500 per annum, at the discretion of the Government."
It goes on with certain provisions regulating the
duties of curates and their fees, &c. It puts the
expense of sustaining religious worship in Upper
and Lower California upon the Government:
" Art. 4. The churches which have hitherto served tb«
different missions, and the sacred vessels, ornaments, and
other appurtenances now belonging to them, shall be as-
signed to those new parishes, and also such buildings an-
nexed to the said churches as the Government may deem
necessary for the use of said parish."
^ The Government ordered also a building and a
Tot of ground for the curate:
" Art. 7. Of the buildings belonging to each mission the
' most appropriate shall be designated for the habitation of
: the curate, with the addition of a lot of ground not exceed-
in/ two hundred varas square, and the remaining edifices
shall be specially adjudicated for a court-house, preparatory
schools, public establishments, and workshops."
This, sir, is the end of your missions, and of
the church property in California. One house and
lot for the curate to live in, just as we furnish a
house for our ministers all over the United States.
The Government furnished one there. And after
that the rest of these missions, about which the
Senator has built up such an enormous quantity of
alarm this morning, are all converted into court-
houses, school-houses, workshops, and other
worldly uses. The Government, having taken
away this property, then goes on to provide for
, the support of religious wos|hip:
"Art. 8. In order to provide quickly and efficaciously fbr
the spiritual necessities of both Californias, a vicar-gener-
i alship shall be established in the capital of Upper Califor-
1 nia, the jurisdiction of which shall extend to the Territories,
! and the reverend diocesan shall confer upon its incumbent
the necessary faculties as soon as possible.
"Art 9. For the dotation of this vicar-generalship $3,000
1 per annum shall be assigned, but the vicar shall be at all
the expenses of his office, and not exact, under any title
or pretext, anv fee whatever.
"Art. 10. If for any reason this vicar-generalship shall be
' filled by the parish curate of the capital or any other parish
I in those districts, said curate shall receive $1,500 yearly,
in addition to the donation of his curacy."
"Art. 13. When those new curates are named, the Su-
preme Government will gratuitously furnish a passage by
sea for them and their families, and, besides that, may give
to each one from $400 to $800 for their journey by land,
according to the distance and the family th«y take with
! them. , „ v
"Art. 14. Government will pay the passage of the mis-
! sionary priests who return to Mexico,and in order that they
I mav comfortably reach their converts by land, it may give
! te each one from .$200 to $300, and, at its discretion, what
may be considered necessary for those to leave the Republic
I who have not sworn to the independence.
| "Art. 15. The Supreme Government will provide fbr the
I expenses comprehended in this law out of the product! of
