THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 30,
the estates, capitals, and revenues at present recognized as
the piety fund of the missions of California."
This is the law—extracts from it—which secu-
red izes the missions in California. I produce it,
and read it, to prevent an alarm from spreading in
this Chamber which may destroy property in Cali-
fornia while it only scares us here. The. Senator
from California has built up a superstructure of
danger upon the rumor of one priest's offering to
sell the mission of Santa Clara; and he has intro-
duced a letter from a Governor declaring that a
priest has no power to sell the land. Well, every-
body knew that. It was nothing but the law of
the land, as I have read it, and can further read it.
Here is another decree after that, which is enti-
tled " A decree of 26th November, 1833, to make
effective the secularization of the missions in Cali-
fornia."
I will not read it, however, as I think I have
read enough to quiet all the alarm which the Sen-
ator from California finds upon the idea of putting
these vast estates into the hands of the priests. It
is all imagination, which the reading of a few sec-
tions of law reduces to nothing.
Mr. G"WPN. I stated, Mr. President, that
these priests had no claim to these mission lands.
Will the Senator from Missouri say that there is
no vacant land within the metes ana bounds of the
missions over whieh these priests have jurisdiction
which has not been granted away by the Mexican
Government? There are hundreds of thousands
of acres of public lands lying within the bounda-
ries of these missions, if by this amendment they
are not given away to the priests, the possessors
for twenty years. I say they have no legal or
just claim; and it is not necessary that they should
"have to get these mission lands, if this amendment
passes. It doe? not require that they should have
a claim. If they are in possession twenty years,
it is enough; and I say priests have been in pos-
session of these mission lands, not granted to pri-
vate individuals. There were in the possession
of the missions hundreds of thousands of cattle
grazing all over the country, and these missions
had jurisdiction over the whole domain, which
was not granted away by the Government; and if
you enact this amendment into a law, this public
domain will be at the mercy of these priests. It
is notoriously true that they have no title, and it is
because they have none that I do not wish this
amendment to pass, which, if they have been in
possession twenty years, will give them the power
of claiming all'of these unappropriated missiqjk
lands. It is a dangerous principle to introduce
into this bill, and I hope the amendment will be
rejected.
^fr. DAWSON. For the purpose of ascertain-
ing the true state of affairs in California, I have
been endeavoring to get the latest authorities upon
that subject; and the last work I have seen is Tay-
lor's El Dorado, which has compiled the facts, and
I wish to submit them to the Senate, that they
may pass for what they are really worth, to show
the state of the question as presented by an indi-
vidual who made it his business to look fairly
into it.
The Senator from Missouri has given the history
of these mission lands truly to the extent he has
rone; but the author of this work goes somewhat
urther, and shows the condition of these mission
lands at the time theJJnited States took possession
of California. It win be, perhaps, more instruct-
ive and interesting to the Senate to read that part
of his statement to which I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senate, without consuming more time
by remarks than is necessary to show the object I
have in view. I will commence at the point where
he speaks of the subject of the missions.
My object in reading this now is for the pur-
pose of snowing that these lands are still in pos-
session of the priests, or padres, or were up to the
time we got possession of the country, and to draw
from that fact the inference that twenty years'pos-
session would give them possession to these lands:
Here Mr. D. read as follows:
"The extensive history of Vanegas, an abridgment of which j
has been introduced by Mr. Forbes into bis work on Cali-
fornia, is the most complete of all which have been written, i
It is mainly confined however, to the settlement of the pen-
insula, and throws no light on the after decay and ruin of ,
the Missions of Alta California. These establishments, to '
which solely are owing the settlement and civilization of j
the country, have now entirely fallen from their former su- i
premacy, and ar# of no further importance in a civil view.
°m* concerning the manner of their downfall, which 1
i!«amed during my tabors among the archiv« , may be not
va&
9
£
inappropriately given here. Henceforth, under the ascend-
ency of American institutions, they have no longer an ex-
istence. Shall we not, therefore, now that their day is
over, take one backward glance over the places they have
tilled, and the good or evil they have accomplished ?
" The history of ttieir original foundation is one of re-
markable interest. Through the perseverance and self-
denying labors of a few Catholic priests alone, the natives,
nut only of the peninsula and the coast, as far north as San
Francisco bay, but the extensive provinces of Sonora and
Sinaloa, were taught the arts of civilized life and subjected
to thedomimou ofSpain. The lives of Padres Kino, Salw
tierra, and Ugarte exhibit instances of danger, adventuf
and heroic endurance scarcely inferior to those of Cori
and Coronada. The great work they accomplished on the
peninsula and in thejiorthern provinces of Mexico, in the
beginning of the last century, was followed fitly years later
by Padre Junipero S$rra, who in 1769 founded the mission
ofSan Diego, the first settlement in Alta California. In the
succeeding year he landed at Monterey, and by a solemn
mass, which was performed under an oak tree still standing
near the fort, teok possession of the spot. After laboring
for thirteen years with indefatigable zeal and activity, du-
ring which time he founded nine missions, the good padre
died in 1784, and was buried in the graveyard of Carmel.
His successors continued the work, and by the year 1800
had increased the number of missions to sixteen. Since
that time only three more have been added."
Mr. BENTON. Up to what date is that?
Mr. DAWSON. t The date at which there were
sixteen was 1800. There are now three more,
making nineteen in all.
" The missions are named and located as follows: San
Rafael and San Francisco Solano, north of San Francisco
bay; Dolores, near San Francisco ; Santa Clara and San
Jost, near Pueblo San Jos6; San Juan, Santa Cruz, and
Carmel, near Monterey ; Soledad, San Antonio, and Ban
Miguel, in the Valley of Salinas river; San Luis Obispo;
La Purisima, Santa Ynez, Santa Barbara, and San Buena-
ventura, near Santa Barbara; San Gabnel and San Fer-
nando, near Los Angeles; and San Luis Key, San Juan
Capistraao; and San Diego, on the coast south of Los
Angeles.
" The wealth and power in the possession of these mis-
sions naturally excited the jealousy of Government after
California was organized into a Territory. The padres,
however, had been granted almost unlimited privileges by
the earlier Viceroys, and for a long time no authority could
be found to dispossess them. 'A decree of the Spanish Cor-
tes, in 1813, relating to the Missions of South America, was
made the basis of repeated attempts to overthrow the tem-
poral do wer of the padres, but without effect; and from 1800
to 1830 they reveled securely in the full enjoyment of their
wealthy establishments.
"That, indeed, was their age of gold—a right bounteous
and prosperous time, toward whieh many of the Californian
and even of the'old American residents look back with re-
gret. Then each mission was a little principality, with its
hundred thousand acres, and its twenty thousand head of
cattle. All the Indian population, except the "Gentiles"
of the mountains, were the subjects of the padres, cultiva-
ting for them their broad lands, and reverencing them with
the same devout faith as they did the patron saint of the
settlement. The spacious galleries, halls, and courtyards of
the Mission exhibited every sign of order and good govern-
ment, and from the long rows of adobe houses flanking them
an obedient crowd came forth at the sound of morning and
evening chimes. The tables of the padres were laden with
the finest fhiits and vegetables from theirthrifty gardens and
orchards, and flasks of excellent wine from their own vine-
yards. The stranger who came that way was entertained
with alavish hospitality, for which recompense was proudly
refused, and on leaving was welcome to exchange his spent
horse for his pick out of the caballada. Nearly all the com-
merce of the country with other nations was in their hands.
Long habits of management and economy gave them a great
aptitude for business of all kinds, and each succeeding year
witnessed an increase of their wealth and authority."
This, then, was their position in respect to pros-
perity and happiness up to that period. Now, '
the question is, whether they have been deprived h
of this power over these lands by the laws of i,
Mexico. If they have, then the property does ,
not belong to them, unless we give it to them. '
Now, I allege that, according to the law of Mex- !
ico, when we got possession of California, they \
were divested of all right and title. But still many
of them remained in possession, and we, by our
legislation, propose to give them the same power
which they possessed under the decrees referred
to by the Senator from Mississippi, and the amend-
ment would consummate this title.
Now, let us see how these mission lands stood
at the time we conquered the country:
" The first blow given to their privileges was a decree of
the Supreme Government of Mexico, dated August 17,1833,
by which the missions of Upper and Lower California were
secularized and became public property. They were con-
verted by law into parishes, and the padres, from being vir-
tual sovereigns of their domains, became merely curates,
possessing only spiritual powers over their former subjects.
Instead of managing the revenue of the estates, they were
paid from $2,000 to $2,500, at the option of Government.
The church was still kept for religious purposes, and the
principal building for the curate's house, while other por-
tions of the establishment were appropriated to the purposes
of court-houses and schools."
The next paragraph is one to which I wish to
call the particular attention of thfe Senate:
" This law, of course, emancipated the Indians from the
authority of the padrts, and likewise absolved the latter
from their obligations to maintain them. To provide for
their support, therefore, tile Government granted to every
head of a family a lot from one to four hundred varas square,
which was assigned to the use of themselves and their de-
scendants, but could not be sold by them under penalty of
the land reverting back to the public domain."
We see, then, that these lands could not be sold
by them, under the penalty of having the lands
revert back to the public domain. The land, then,
was not theirs any longer than they remained
upon the soil; and if they attempted to sell it, it
reverted back to the public domain..
" The temporal affairs of each mission were placed under
the charge of an Ayuntaniiento, who was commissioned to
explain to the Indians the new relations, and put them in
possession of the land. A portion of the revenue was ap-
plied to their benefit, and in return tlierefor they were
obliged to assist in cultivating the common lands of the new
pueblos or parishes. By a further decree, in 1840, Governor
Alvarado substituted major-domos in the place of the ayun-
tamientos, giving them power to manage the temporal af-
fairs of the missions, but not to dispose of the revenue or-
contract debts without the permission of Government.
" These decrees put a stop to the prosperity of the mis-
sions. The padres, seeing the establishment taken out of
their hands, employed themselves no longer in superintend-
ing their cultivation; while the Indians, though free, lost
the patient guidance and encouragement they had received,
and relapsed into their hereditary habits of sloth and stupid-
ity. Many of them scattered from their homes, resuming a
roving life among the mountains, and very soon several of
the missions almost ceased to have an existence. Gov-
ernor MichEltorena, therefore, in 1843, in a pompous proc-
lamation setting forth his loyalty to the Catholic faith, at-
tempted to restore the former state of things by delivering
twelve of the Missions into the hands of the priests."
Some of these missions had been divested as
early as 1833, the priests being ejected out of some
of them, and Governor Micheltorena attempted
then to replace them, and actually did replace some
of them.
"He declared, at the same time, that all the cattle and
property should be given up to them, but that those portions
of the mission estates which had been granted to individ-
uals should still remain in possession of the latter. The
proclamation, so far as I can learn, never went into effect,
and the chasing of Micheltorena from the country soon put
an end to his plans.
" In the year 1845 Governor Pio Pico completed the ob-
literation of the missions. By a Government decree he
directed that the missions of San Juan, Carmel, San Fran-
cisco Solano, and San Juan Capistrano should be sold at
auction on a specified day. One month's notice was to be
given to the Indian neophytes of the missions of San Ra-
fael, Dolores, Soledad, San Miguel, and La Purisima, to
return to the cultivation and occupancy of the lands as-
signed them by Government, otherwise the same should be
declared unoccupied and disposed of like the preceding."
All Indians who had taken their head-right pos-
session, and had left, were by the decree of Michel-
torena directed to return and reoccupy them, or
they would revert to the public domain of the
country.
" All the remaining Missions, except the Episcopal Man-
sion at Santa Barbara, were to be rented. Of the proceeds
of these sales and leases one third was to be used for the
support of the resident priests, one third for the benefit of
the Indians, and the remaining third, constituting the Pious
Fund of California, to be applied to purposes of education
and beneficence."
Now the question is, whether these nineteen
missions have been disposed of under the laws of
the Mexican Government, or whether we got pos-
session of the country without disposing of these
lands; and whether these missions had held them
in their possession more than twenty years at the
time we took possession of the country? The,
writer goes on to say:
" The Indian neophytes of the five last-named missions
having neglected to assemble, Pico, by a decree in October,
1845, ordered that they should be sold to the highest bidder;
and at the same time that those of San Fernando, Buena-
ventura, Santa Barbara, and Santa Ynez should be rented
for the terra of nine years. This was the last valid decree
touching the missions. The remaining missions of^ianta
Clara, San Jos<, Santa Cruz, San Antonio, San Luis Obis-
po, San Gabriel, and San Diego were therefore thrown im-
mediately into the hands of the United States, after pos-
session had been taken by our troops; and all mission
property not legally granted or sold under the laws of Cali-
fornia becomes part of the public domain."
That is a question for us to settle—whether the
claim to these mission lands was destroyed at the
time we got possession of the country? I find
'only ten of these missions where the titles have
been destroyed; in all others the priests have re-
mained in possession of the property all the time.
They have been bona Jide, in the language of the
amendment, in possession, and honestly too; be-
cause they settled the country more than a hun-
dred years ago, and reared it to a high state of
prosperity, and notwithstanding these decrees
went into execution, they still retained possession;
and the Senator from California is correct in say-
ing that if they were in possession of the lands at
