1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
391
in the amendment which is to convey a title to the
party. Now, it seems to me that this is not re-
quired of us, by good faith, in the execution of the
treaty. It is not conformable to the practice of the
Government under similar cessions which have
been made to this country by foreign powers, and
it is enlarging and extending the rights of the in-
habitants of California, to the prejudice of the
people of the United States, and to the prejudice
of the hundred thousand Americans who have
gone there.
Mr. President, a great deal has been said in the
course of this argument about the oldsettlers. No
man is more ready to do them "&mple justice than
1 am. They ought to be assured in every atom
of property to which they are entitled by the laws
of the eountry, and not beyond that. But in rec-
ollecting the old settlers we ought to recollect the
new settlers who have gone there in the pursuit of
fortune—enterprising citizens of the United States
to the number of a hundred thousand or more. In
proportion as you enlarge the grants, and extend
the titles and extend the possessions of the old
settlers, do you diminish the areaout of which the
new settlers are to receive their portion of that
domain to which they are equally entitled. While ;
I would not do any injustice to the old settlers with
a view of advancing the new settlers, 1 would not
give indefinite boundaries to their claims. I would
not extend them to such an extent as to circum-
scribe the area of the territory hereafter to be dis-
posed of, to the prejudice not only of the Govern-
ment itself, but of the new settlers who have gone
to California.
It is manifest, from what has transpired in the
progress of this debate, that we have not all that
ample information before us which will enable us
to provide for all possible cases that may arise in '
the progress of the settlement of the claims in Cal- j
ifornia. j
With respect to these missions, amounting to i
nineteen, embracing some of the best soil ana of I
the richest lands of the territory, some of which
have passed into the hands of administrators, who
now themselves claim the property as the success-
ors of the priests who formerly occupied it, can
we tell to what an extent this amendment may be '
carried, if we adopt it in its application to cases of
that kind, to the missions, and to other lands which
may be used for pasturage or for other purposes ?
Can we say what will be the limit upon it ? It
seems to me that cautious legislation and prudence
demands of us to go the full length of the treaty;
to give to the claimants to land in that country—
the old inhabitants—the entire benefit of every J
stipulation of the treaty, and give them the benefit j
of their own laws, customs, and usages, but to ,
stop there. i
If hereafter, upon further and more full inform-
ation with respect to titles in that country, it should !
be discovered that this act has done injustice to
any, and there are individuals or classes of indi- j,
viduals entitled to further legislation, then any |
defects in the acts of Congress can be cured by ,
subsequent legislation, with full and more ample
information than we now possess.
I have come to the conclusion, and have risen
merely for the purpose of showing that I could
not, for the reasons I have stated-, ana others which
I would add if I did not wish to avoid consuming ,
the time of the Senate, agree that we should add
new rules or alter any. law of prescription. The :
law of prescription does not run in California !
against the Government. If it does, then the claim- i
ants are secured by the provision to which I have
referred; " the laws, usages, and customs of the
Government from which the claim is derived."
If prescription cannot be urged against the ex-
isting Government, why should we enlarge the
rules? why should we adopt principles varying
from the practice of all civilized nations upon earth,
according to which prescription is never allowed j
to run against the Government?
But the question of prescription is decided. Now
the point is the amendment of the Senator from :
Louisiana, [Mr. Socle;] and that is, whether
we shall adopt the principle of giving a right for j
twenty years bona fide possession, without the
paper title, without any designated limits of the
land to be granted ? I repeat that if, according to j
the laws of the country or usages or customs of
the country, such possession does give title, the |
title is secure. i
The amendment is unnecessary if it does not t
] give such a title, and we ought not to enlarge the
! rule by which the rights of property are to be de-
cided in the State of California. With the view i
' which I take of the subject, it seems to me that it
would be unwiseand incautious to adopt the amend- j
ment.
Mr. SOULE next obtained the floor, but gave
way for a motion to adjourn.
Adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
1 Friday, January 31, 1851.
j The House met at twelve o'clock, m. The Jour-
nal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. STANl ON, of Kentucky, asked the unan-
imous consent of the House to make a report from
1 the Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds,
with the view of having it laid upon the table and
, printed.
Objection was made, and the report was not re-
ceived.
Mr. DANIEL moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into Commit-
. tee of the Whole on the private calendar.
| The SPEAKER stated that the motion was not
now in order, as there was a privileged question
pending which must be disposed of before the mo-
tion could be entertained.
Mr. DANIEL asked what that privileged ques-
tion was?
The SPEAKER stated that it was on the reso-
lution reconsidered by the House yesterday,
• closing debate in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union on the special order.
Pending which question, ;
On motion by Mr. FITCH, by unanimous con-
sent, leave was granted to withdraw from the files
of the House the petition and papers of Israel
Johnson.
On motion by Mr. CORWIN, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted to withdraw from the
files of the House the petition and papers of David
Landon.
Mr. ANDREWS asked the unanimous consent
to withdraw from the files of the House, for the
purpose of laying them before the Commissioner
of Pensions, the petition and papers in the case of
Alexander Gillis.
Mr. WENT WORTH called for the regular or-
der of business.
CLOSE OF DEBATE.
The SPEAKER stated the pending question to
be on the resolution closing debate in Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union on the
special order—the Branch Mint bill—to-day at
twelve o'clock. The vote on the adoption of that ;
resolution was reconsidered yesterday, and an
amendment was offered by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Vinton,] to strike out "twelve
o'clock and insert " three o'clock" to-day. The
previous question had been moved and seconded, ; i
and the question now is, " Shall the main ques- j
tion be now put?" On that question the yeas and
nays had been demanded. A count was had, and
the yeas and nays were not ordered. The ques-
tion being taken, the main question was ordered
to be put; which main question was first on agree-
ing to the amendment.
Mr. DANIEL asked if it was in order to move
to lay the resolution on the table?
The SPEAKER said that the motion would be
in order.
Mr. DANIEL would then move to lay the res-
olution on the table.
The question was put, and the motion was not
agreed to.
The question then recurring on the amendment to
strike out "twelve o'clock" and insert " three
o'clock," it was taken, and decided in the affirma-
tive.
So the amendment was agreed to.
And the question recurring on agreeing to the
resolution as amended, it was-put, and decided in
the affirmative.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. BRIGGS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted, and also to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. McCLERNAND moved that, the rules be
suspended and the House resolve itself into Com- ,
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, !'
on the special order.
Mr. RICHARDSON inquired if a motion to
go into Committee of the Whole on the private
calendar would not take precedence?
i The SPEAKER replied that it would not take
precedence over this motion, as it related to a
special order.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, asked if it was
not in order to move to go into Committee of the
Whole on the private calendar?
1 The SPEAKER said that it would not be in
order pending this motion, as it related to a special
order, which must take precedence.
Mr. DANIEL asked for the yeas and nays on
Mr. McClernand's motion, but they were not
ordered.
Mr. STANTON, ofTennessee, wished to know
whether, if the House refused to go into Commit-
. tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, it
would be possible by any means to have commit-
tees called for reports ?
The SPEAKER said, that after the private
business on the Speaker's table was disposed of,
the call of committees for reports would be in
order.
The question was then taken on Mr. McCler-
nand's motion, and it was agreed to.
BRANCH MINT AT NEW YORK.
I The House accordingly resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
(Mr. Cartter in the chair) on the special order,
being a bill to establish a Branch Mint in the city■'
of New York.
Mr. KING, of New Jersey, who wis entitled
to the floor said:
Mr. Chairman. For the courtesy of the House
in extending the time for debate, after I had obtain-
ed the floor, I feel it to be my duty to tender my ac-
knowledgments, and I will endeavor not to occupy
more of the time of the committee than is necessary
for me to state the facts which I wish to present in
relation to the subject under discussion. As I
stated yesterday, if this were an origjnal question,
and if there were a Mint neither at Philadelphia nor
New York, every circumstance tending to justify
the establishment of a United States Mint woula
go to prove that the city of New York was the
proper location for it. If this be so, in what re-
spect is that decision to be affected except in the
fact of the Mint being now placed in Philadelphia ?
It was located there by the act of 1793, and the
reason given for it was, that Philadelphia at that
time was the seat of Government. That reason,
whether good or bad, as it may seem to the com-
mittee, has at any rate ceased to exist for a great
number of years. The law establishing a Mint at
Philadelphia was provisional, and continued by
subsequent legislation, until the year 1828, when
the permanent establishment of the Mint in Phila-
delphia was determined upon, and very much from
the fact, as I suppose, that the United States Bank
had been also located in that city. The connec-
tion between these institutions, both of a national
character, seems to have guided the decision of
Congress in the matter.
I will say here, that I believe that both the Mint
and the Bank would have been more useful to the
country, and been liable to fewer objections, and
given rise to fewer difficulties, if they had been
originally established in New York. The Mint
having been placed in Philadelphia, it is now urged
as an argument that there should be none in New
York, inasmuch as by recent improvements the
power of that Mint has been increased to such a
degree as to render it available for all the purposes
of the country. In the face of the statement that
$4,000,000 per month are all that is produced at
that Mint in gold pieces of the largest description
for the months of November and December last,
and supposing a continuance at the rate of the
coinage for those two months, without any refer-
ence to the coinage of the smaller coins, or of silver
at all, from what was thus proved to be the capa-
city of the Mint, it would not be able to coin more
than $48,000,000 per annum. Not influenced
with that, the honorable gentleman, my friend
from Philadelphia, [Mr. Chandler,] said yester-
day that it was quite clear that with its present
capacity the Mint would be able to coin from
$75,000,000 to |100,000,000 a yep. What it can
be made to do, is a matter to which the gentleman
has a right to his own opinion. We, however,
can only safely judge by what it has done. Sup-
pose the capacity of the Mint to have been in-
creased, can gentlemen here be convinced that
