392
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 31,
anything like the amount just named can be coined
in any pieces useful for general currency? In
double eagles, even, I cannot believe that such a
sum could be coined as the gentleman has stated.
A great fallacy is left upon the mind by the assumed
capacity of the Mint as coining $75,000,000 to
0100,000,000. But if you desire to ascertain what
can be produced, take that description of coin which
is of chief use in commerce, and for which the Mint
was mainly intended. Then you must reduce your
pieces of coin to the lower denomination, and taking
all together, viz: the twenty, ten, five, two-and-a-
half, and one-dollar pieces, you make the average
value of the coins $7 70. Now, the capacity of
the Mint, as shown by the returns of the coinage
for the months of November and December last,
show the following results: The Mint coined in
November three hundred and eighteen thousand
pieces in gold, which produced $4,086,500; and
one hundred and seventy-five thousand pieces in
silver, which produced $17,500. If the gold
pieces had been $20 each, the amount would have
been $6,364,000 per month. If of gold coins
suitable for circulation, the amount would have
been, at the average of $7 70 each, $2,450,140.
Upon a similar calculation for December the gold
coined in twenty-dollar pieces would amount to
$6,258,380, and in average coins to $2,409,170. •
Thus in a coin comparatively useless, the Mint
might be able to turn out $6,000,000 per month,
" whilst in available coins it would be $2,500,000
only. This clearly shows how the coinage in
value is swelled So as to produce an effect here,
whilst that which is of more use to the country
and to commerce, would only be issued in
amounts diminished by one half. Again: if
quarter eagles and gold dollars, the real circula-
ting currency, alone were coined; the amount of
monthly issues would not much exceed half a mil-
lion per month, or six millions per annum. If,
besides, any amount of silver were coined, the
monthly issue would be still more considerably
reduced. The capacity of the Mint, then, in its
availability, is to be measured" by the quantity of
useful coins it issues, and not by the amounts of
the largest pieces, all which is entirely left out of
sight by my honorable friend from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Chandler.] As for double eagles, they
will supply a very small portion of a gold circula-
ting medium. They are seldom found in Europe.
I am not sure that I ever saw a double sovereign,
though I have seen a few double guineas, whilst
double louis and double napoleons are equally
rare. I repeat, that for the purposes of general
circulation, for which a Mint was established, a
gold coinage in the shape of twenty-dollar pieces
is, in my judgment, of very little use to the coun-
try. If the capacity of the Mint was intended to
be tested upon the basis of the quantity of gold
which it can issue, it would have been far better to
assay, refine, and stamp value upon bars or ingots
of a thousand dollars each. ,
I am aware, Mr. Chairman, that it might per- ,
haps be wise to dwell still longer on this subject, ;
but time presses and I must proceed to other mat- j
ten. j
I would now state that the argument drawn !
from the increased capabilities of the Mint, arising
from the improvements previously to the months
of November and December, should not have any
weight here against the establishment of a Mint at
New York. I -will not say that these improve-
mente have taken place, or have been hurried on, ■
for the very purpose of affecting this question.
But there remains still a necessity fof aMint in
New York; for it is the expense and risk, and
hitherto the loss of interest, by delay in coining,
which imperatively demand a remedy; and this,
the establishment of an Assay Office there will not
afford, for the expense remains to the Govern-
ment, if removed from individuals.
For the sake of argument, admitting that the
Mint at Philadelphia can coin all that is necessary
to supply the country, there will be no less neces-
sity for the establishment of aMint at New York. ,
I will proceed to show that the cost of transport-
ing the gold from New York to Philadelphia and !
back again, would amount in one or two years to j
such a sum as would be sufficient to purchase a
site to erect a suitable building, and procure the i
necessary machinery for a Mint, of at least equal
capacity as that of the Mint in Philadelphia.
r« /honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania I
IMr. Chandler] states, that $15,000 a year !
would pay the expense of transporting the sum of
$30,000,000 a year in coin from New York to
Philadelphia and back again, and that a contract
could be made by Government with Adams's Ex-
press Company for that sum. I did not suppose
that any such scheme would have been suggested
by the gentleman , for the purpose of keeping up
the Mint at Philadelphia. Is the Government
hereafter to go into partnership with the Express
Company, in order that they may carry the gold
back and forth between these cities ? I am quite
sure that whenever such bargain is made it will
not be for $15,000.
As far as my experience goes, individuals per-
form these duties much cheaper than the Govern-
ment can perform them. It would cost about one
. tenth of one per cent, to carry the gold from New
York to Philadelphia, and as much more to take it
back again. When gold reaches New York, belong-
ing to others than the consignees, it is necessary to
insure it, or take the responsibility which must
| attach to its loss. The insurance will cost one
eighth per cent., and one eighth per cent, back
again, which, taken with the other items, would
make the expense forty-five cents on every liun-
1 dred dollars. As for the time required for coinage,
that is admitted by the Director of the Mint to have
j been at least twenty days, and interest at six per
j cent, requires that twenty cents on every $100
! must be added to the forty-five cents, which would
make seventy-five cents for every $100, as the
total expenses of transportation from New York to
Philadelphia and back again to New York. It can
be easily seen, that this would amount to $135,000
per annum at forty-five cents, and to $225,000 at
seventy-five cents, calculated on $30,000,000 of
gold; and that is a small estimate, for it will be
forty or fifty millions. And then, too, we have the
importation of gold from California, which is ar-
riving in such immense quantities. How long
this is to continue cannot be foretold, but timely
arrangements will be required, so that the channels
of commerce may be not only freely opened, but
especially that there shall be no interference with
the laws which govern the demand and supply
of the precious metals. Seventy-five cents then, per
$100 as the cost of transportation on $30,000,000,
would be $225,000, for one year, as above stated—
nearly sufficient to defray the cost of a Mint at
New York. But my honorable friend from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Chandler] tells us, that the Mint in
New York cannot be built for less than $2,000,000.
A Voice. It might be built for $1,000,000.
Mr. KING. 'Well, that is a good deal of differ-
ence, being a reduction of one naif at once. But
perhaps they do not calculate so closely in Phila-
delphia as they do in New York, and a much less
sum Would answer in the latter place. I say, in
the presence of this committee, that if a law is
passed authorizing the erection of a Mint in the
city of New York, that a site can be procured, a
building can be erected, and the necessary ma-
chinery can be provided, sufficient for the same
amount of coinage as the Mint of Philadelphia,
in its improved condition, is equal to, for the
sum of $250,000—the amount appropriated in the
Senate bill under consideration. At the same
time, I can show that you cannot transport the
gold from New York to Philadelphia and back
again for any such price as my honorable friend 1
from Pennsylvania calculates, after having paid the
insurance and other charges, for I claim they have
a right to charge insurance if you go into a copart-
nership with Adams & Co. If there is any loss,
the Government will have to pay it. The Gov-
ernment will have to run all the risk, and there
are no business transactions of this kind without
some risk. Now, the cost of this transportation,
together with insurance, will amount to $135,000
per year, if there is no delay in coining, and
$225,000 if there be delay of not more than twenty
days. There is no doubt that there will be delay.
Look at the present state of affairs. Out of
527,000,000 deposited in the Mint at Philadelphia
uring the last year, there are $7,000,000 now in
the Mint. In tne year ending 1st January, 1850,
there was left uncoined $1,500,000; add to that the
deficiency of uncoined on 1st January instant of
about five and a half millions, and you have the
sum, as stated, of $7,000,000, for which the Mint
in Philadelphia is actually in arrears upon a de-
posit of only $27,000,000 in the year, including
previous arrearage. This is the Mint whose ca- ;
pacity to coin is exaggerated to the vast sum of I
from $75,000,000 to $100,000,000 per annum.
Let these facts test the accuracy of the preten-
sions.
Mr. CHANDLER (interposing) said: I hold
!; in mv hand a statement I have just received from
the Mint. It says that, with all back matter on
hand, and with all the recent arrivals, the defi-
ciency in the coinage at the Mint is $4,700,000,
and that hereafter, in ten days from the time the
gold bullion starts from New York, it will be de-
livered in New York again in coin; and that the
contract. I spoke of yesterday is ready to be
signed.
Mr. KING resumed: The honorable gentleman
corrects me by presenting his statement from the
Mint, that there are but four and three quarter
millions of gold now uncoined in the Mint. This
is but half a million under the estimate I had just
presented to the committee. I said there were
some five and a quarter millions.
Mr. CHANDLER said, he understood the gen-
tleman to say seven millions.
Mr. KING. I said five millions and a quarter,
uncoined this year, of gold—one quarter million,
| also, of silver, and oneand ahalf millions arrearage
I in January, 1850—making, as stated, seven mil-
lions. The gentleman says now, that only four
I millions and three quarters are in arrears. The
extra power at work in this month of January
no doubt has caused this trifling diminution;
but how does this fact, put forward with so much
confidence, bear out the declaration that the Mint
in Philadelphia can coin seventy-five to one hun-
dred millions—seeing that in one mflnth of extra-
ordinary effort, perhaps for effect upon this House,
it has only been able to reduce its heavy arrearages
some $500,000 ?
I hold in my hand tables furnished from the
Mint, in support of the facts which I have stated;
and all I find opposed to them are surmises, and
expectations, and promises for the future.
The committee, as it seems to me, can only safe-
ly rely upon what, even under undue pressure and
effort at the Mint, it has been able to perform, as
the measure of its probable capacity, with a fair
allowancefor increased power within a few weeks
past.
Now, for the purpose of placing its usefulness
at its maximum', the Mint is endeavoring to prove
its capacity by coining double eagles, whicn are
to the country of little or no practical use; they
do not displace paper, and therefore do not "enter
into the metallic currency; but if the coinage at
the Mint had been intended for legitimate pur-
poses, it would have been made to consist of half
; and quarter eagles, and still more of dollars in
gold. These are what trade and commerce princi-
pally need; and if besides the largest amount of
silver in the power of the Mint had been issued
in small coin—and here let me say, only two thirds
of all the silver deposited last year there, was
coined; and this, too, when the greatest relief could
have been given to the country by the issue of
silver coinage,—I say, if such had been the coin-
age of the Mint, it would have served the cause
of trade and commerce, and the business of the
i country generally, in a more real and practical
j mode, than by issuing all the double eagles they
J could coin.
But, Mr. Chairman, if that course had been
pursued, the capacity of the Mint would have im-
! measurably shrunk down, indeed to proportions
very little to be boasted of as a national and all-suf-
ficient institution; and that is a point I desire to
present to the committee; for if the Mint should
devote its powers to an average of the different
coins, instead of almost exclusively to double
eagles, as it has been doing, its capacity would
be vastly reduced; and instead of coining $4,000,000
per month, it would not be able to coin more than
$2,000,000 per month.
It is said now, in this discussion, that the de-
positor at the Mint has choice of the coin to be
fhrnished to him. To this I answer: there are
two kinds of choice—an untrammeled one, and
one not untrammeled with conditions; the depos-
itor's choice is of the latter kind. When you
carry gold bullion, or dust to the Mint, and ask
for dollar pieces in return, you will be told you can
have them, but that you will have to wait from forty
to sixty days, but that you can have double eagles
in twenty days. Now, anybody who will take
the pains to make the calculation, will see that
thirty, or forty, or sixty days, or even fifteen
