896
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 81,
rations and companies, and by thus combining
interests, thev mutually strengthen their com-
merce, amf increase their facilities for business
transactions. Competition arises amongthose who
thus have money to lend—among those corpora-
tions of bankers and large Wall street copartner-
ships—and they compel each ether to offer in-
creasingly great advantages, until they are willing
to give a "credit of twelve and nine months, in place
of three and six months. It is the policy of the ,
people of the city of .New York to draw there all
the imports ihev can; and they do so by saying
to the southern and western merchants, We will
loan you this money for the purposes you require,
but you must import into the port of New York".
And in this manner the southern and western mer-
chants will go from Charleston and New Orleans,
and will purchase from the merchants of New
York at nine and twelve months' credit; and thus
they are induced to risk the expense, danger, and
dimculty of transportation round the Gulf and
along the coast—adding the additional expense of
insurance—perhaps, also, up beyond New Orleans,"
along the whole Line of the Mississippi. And is
this no injury, no disadvantage, to the remaining
parts of the country ? It appears to me that the
blessings of this our common Government should
be, and were intended to be, equally diffused in all
parts of the country; and now, sir, with a deficit
of $7,000,000, we are called upon to appropriate
$400,000 or £500,000 for the purpose of adding
another to the benefits bestowed upon New York,
by giving her a Mint, to erect a building and com-
mence coining operations that may ultimately in-
volve us in the expenditure of $1,000,000 or
$1,125,000, without a single benefit accruing to the
people of California.
If you really mean to carry out what you have
often proposed, but have never yet done; if you
mean to carry on this Government, whether you
have a Whig or Democratic Administration—I care
not which, for I have no great respect for either
party—on a well-established system of economy,
you must make a pause now, aftet granting what
is absolutely required by the exigencies of the
Government. You must pause now, or you will
commence a system under which European na-
tions have sunk, and are now sinking. Sir, it is
admitted that our revenues now will not pay for
the necessary expenses of the Government, and
every species of ruse de guerre, and caucusing,
and lobbying is resorted to, to influence the minds ;
of members of Congress and overpower their bet- ;
ter judgments, so as to induce them to impose a ,
tariff of unjust and unequal exactions.
Now, sir, are you about to establish at a great
cost another vast system of expenditure in the
wealthy and overgrown city of New York? Not '
overgrown,—I am wrong—for so long as she has
the full force and energy of this Government to
sustain her; so long as she can control the Gov-
ernment in this way, it is impossible that the Gov-
ernment or this Congress should avoid- the ills to
which we are hurrying. They are not " ills we
know not of;" they are presented in the broad
glare of morning to our eyes. The expenditures
of the Government have increased to such an ex-
tent, that the receipts at the custom-houses under
the free-trade tariff (which is better than any re-
strictive system) have been unable to keep pace
with it.
If you have a Mint at California, the people of
California will be benefited. Give, then, a Mint to
California. Do not give it to the people of New
York. That State is already sufficiently aggran-
dized. It is already looked upon as the metropolis
of this Union, as the Empire State. I do not
blame the people of New York for trying to get
this Mint. I ao not find fault with any for trying
to get all they can. I only blame Congress for
letting them get what they ought not. But I feel
myself called upon to assist them in getting what
their necessities actually require. Hitherto the
distribution of Government patronage has been
too much the result of political bias; too much of
a sectional character. I look at all these Questions,
whether they are political or it be the Mint ques-
tion, as all of a sectional character.
Sir, it is the right of every person and every dis-
trict to look to their own interests, and to endeavor
to get all they can. It will always be so, so long
as the same principles govern human nature that
have ever controlled masses of men. I never like,
sir, to appeal to the justice of men. If an angel were
to come from Heaven, and speak to the masses of
men against their own interests, I rather think that
he would be served as those angels that were
turned from the door. The commercial interests
of the da> are crying, thut all must bend, must
yield to this proud city of New York, to its mag- j
nificence and its exaltation.
Sir, 1 have no objection to New York becoming
as rich as Tyre; but I can tell her one thing—she
ought to keep by this Union; she ought to cling to
it at Castle Garden, [laughter;] she ought to rally
round it, for without this monetary system of the
Government, without this distribution of taxev,
New York would soon become, if not a Tyre in-
deed, what she ought to be, a very large and re-
spectable town, equal to Charleston, or New Or-
leans. [Laughter.] And, sir, if to-morrow we
could have a system of direct taxation—if to-mor-
row the expenditures of this Federal Government
were properly divided among the States—if to-
morrow this system of imposing duties for sec-
tional and party purposes could be abrogated,
New York would soon find her proper level. Yes,
sir, we sometimes see palaces in the mist pass
away like clouds or sunbeams.
What was New York, and what was Boston :
before we entered into this " glorious confeder-
acy," this system by which all the functions of
the Government are thrown into central action for
the purpose of controlling all the mighty States ?
At the time I speak of, before the Revolution, and
when we were under that accursed system of colo-
nial government, Charleston imported more than
the cities of New York and Boston dM together.
That is a matter of record. And wfflR was the
consequence ? The consequence was that we sup-
plied New York and New England, and they
were glad to get it, for they had nothing but their
1 fish, ice, and granite. What was the consequence?
They could not then go to European countries
to purchase the necessaries, and even luxuries
! in which they now revel; they had then to come
to us. But it is natural now that the merchant
should import where he can find the most mone-
tary advantage. Still, for all this vast import trade,
out of $40,000,000 exports, $30,000,000 are from
the South, and only $10,000,000 from the North,
and yet, instead of expending $30,000,000 in the
South and $10,000,000 in the North, it is just the
reverse.
Well, this Mintproposition is but another scheme
to keep up New England influence; and by New
; England 1 do not mean Massachusetts, &c., but
New York alone, for she was Dutch, and she is
now two thirds Yankee. It is another attempt to
absorb all into the power of New York.
j New York has received all these appropriations,
; and yet now, when the great West asks for an ap-
propriation to remove the impediments in their
rivers and harbors, they may be denied the money
by those who claim this Mint. Such has been the
action of the North in similar cases, and may be
again.
Sir, this great New York combination said to
these men, in totidem verbis, If you do not agree to
our tariff you shall not have money for your west-
ern waters; we hold the power, and unless you
assist us with our tariff, you shall not have ap-
propriations for your rivers and harbors. But,
sir, there have been men who could not be seduced
by the water bill to vote for the great land-shark
bill.
Mr. PHCENIX having obtained the floor, in-
quired of the gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Holmes,] if he had not advocated a Branch
Mint in the city of Charleston ?
Mr. HOLMES replied, that he had, but would
. now oppose it, when a Mint is proposed for Cali-
; fornia; that at one time, when tne receipts of bul-
lion were $60,000,000 to $80,000,000 at Charleston,
he was in favor of a Mint there.
Mr. PHCENIX desired to ask where these
$60,000,000 to $80,000,000 came from?
Mr. HOLMES explained, he meant thousands
instead of millions.
Mr. PHCENIX replied, if the gentleman from
South Carolina would advocate a Mint where
thousands were received, New York might well
; be pardoned for asking one to coin her millions,
j It is not my intention, Mr. Chairman, to detain
. i the committee on this subject, as it has been fully
j reported and is presumed to be well understood
i by the House. A Branch Mint for several years
i I past has been deemed necessary for the interest of
commerce, and at a time when the gold coinage at
the Mint in Philadelphia did not exceed a million
and a quarter of dollars annually. The great in-
crease of gold from California has now made it of
the greatest importance to the country that a Mint
should be established where this gold is received.
The Mint of the United States was established
in 1792, and at Philadelphia for no other reason
than it happened to be the seat of Government at
the time—the object of it being to establish a na-
tional currency; and to do this more expeditiously,
the law establishing the Mint required that all for-
eign coin paid intt> the Treasury should be re-
coined. At the close of the year 1848 the average
annual amount of gold coin and bullion coined at
Philadelphia during a period of fifty-six years, was
$1,113,520. California gold made its appearance
at the close of that year, but $44,177 of it having
been received at the Mint.
During the year 1849 there was coined at Phila-
delphia $7,948,332 in eagles, half and quarter
eagles, and dollars. No double eagles were coined
that year. The amount of California gold depos-
ited in all the Mints in the United States in 1849
was $6,147,519.
During the year ending the 31st December, 1850,
the operation of the Mint in Philadelphia presents
a different result, and will clearly show that great
efforts have been made to convince the country of
its capacity to coin all the bullion that is likely to
be produced for years to come.
I admit, Mr. Chairman, if nothing more is
necessary to form a currency but to stamp the value
of large pieces of gold in the shape of double
eagles, or ingots, or bars of gold of large size, it
may be done, provided the the Government is pre-
pared to bear the expense of it, and the country
satisfied that the desired currency has been estab-
lished.
A reference to the report of the Director of the
Mint will show that there has been deposited at
the Mint in Philadelphia, in 1850—
California gold $31,500,000
From all other sources.   1,650,000
$33,150,000
Equal to $2,750,000 per month. Of this sum there
has been coined at the Mint in Philadelphia—
In double eagles $23,450,220
In eagles 2,914,510
26,364,730
Half eagles $332,450
Quarter eagles 632,347
Dollars 481,953
1,446,750
27,811,480
Leaving of bullion in the Mint uncoined of the
receipts of the year, besides the surplus of the pre-
ceding year, $5,393,554. And of thisgreat amount
of coinage only $1,436,715 is calculated for a cir-
culating medium. Let us refer to a comparative
estimate of gold pieces coined in 1849 and 1850:
1849. 1850.
Double eagles.. none pieces. 1,170,261 pieces.
Eagles 653,618 " 291,451 "
Half eagles... .113,070 " 64,491 "
Cluarter eagles. 23,294 " 252,923 "
Dollars 688,567 " 481,953 "
1,478,549 " 2,261,079 "
Showing with an increased coinage as compared
: with last year of $19,808,113, but with a diminution
in the number of pieces intended for circulation of
388,731; in other words, the Mint in Philadelphia
has coined in double eagles, $23,450,000, in pieces
not required for circulation; but has neglected, and
has absolutely coined but about one half, as com-
| pared with tne last year, of the denomination of
coin now asked for. by the country to make up a
( proper currency. Even of the eagles, there were
nearly three and a half millions less than were
i coined in 1849. .
If the Mint has been established for the forma-
tion of a currency, the result of the past year s
1 operations has, in my judgment, proved a signal
t failure. The largest gold coin in England in cir-
culation is equal to about $5. In France the double
, napoleon is valued at $7 76; but the moment an
1 inconvenient and cumbrous denomination is es-
tablished by law here, and, I believe, on the sug-
gestion of the Director of the Mint, it is seized
i, upon by these gentlemen to show the capacity ot
