402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 31,
by those who are supposed to be quieted, are pre-
sented, there is no alarm excited; there is no agi-
tation. dreaded, and no anathemas hurled out.
Here is a proposition to put our hands into the na-
tional Treasury and take out of the funds of the
Treasury that which is put there by the common
labors and sacrifices of the whole country—to do
what? Not to constitute a mutual insurance to
insure our own slave traders, but it is voluntarily
to assume the responsibility of indemnifying the
traders of other countries, who have gone into the
slave trade against the laws of their own country,
against the solemn treaties of their own country,
agalnst.the laws of Spain and the United States,
and against the laws of nations.
The proposition is to take the funds of the na-
tion ana make good the loss which these traders
have incurred by this illegal and nefarious trans-
action. It is infinitely worse than it would be for
the Government in the first instance to undertake
to insure the slave traders, because then we would
know what we were doing. But here u call is
very quietly made upon the Government of the
United States to indemnify these traders. If they
were our own citizens, and we carried out the law,
they would be hung. And have we such univer-
sal philanthropy and benevolence towards slave
traders in every other country but our own that
we will put our hands into the national Treasury
and pay them the full price of what they lost,
when, if they were our own citizens, every one of
them would be hung? If there is to be peace, I
can assure gentlemen that it is not to be found by
thrusting propositions of this kind upon men
whom you think you have utterly killed and
buried. It may be, after all, that there is a
ground-swell, and that the calm which appears
upon the surface is not so indicative of satisfaction
as sopie gentlemen may think. It may be that
there is at the bottom a moral sentiment which it
is not safe to outrage too far. It may possibly
.show itself after all; and, sir, I think if there be
a single proposition which could rouse to action
every latent feeling of dissatisfaction that has
ever existed or ever might exist in this country on
this subject, it would be the proposition to make
the people of the whole United States partakers in
a traffic which their own law and public treaties,
and the law of Spain, pronounces to be piracy,
and indemnify the slave traders for the losses
which they have incurred in this illegal traffic.
For these reasons I hope that this proposition will
not be even entertained. I hope that those who
have heretofore striven, and striven with feeble
and unsuccessful efforts, to resist the encroachments
that have been constantly making by this power,
while they have been borne down and silenced, you
must not believe that they are so utterly low that
it is impossible to press them a great way further.
It is said that when the worm is trodden upon he
will rise upon the heel that crushes him; and it
may possibly be that that moral sentiment, or that
fanaticism, if you choose to call it so, which gen-
tlemen suppose has heretofore raged with some
fury and some violence in the country, is not so
utterly dead that it may be so entirely disregarded
as to force upon it a measure of this character.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, the proposition
before the Senate is merely one of inquiry, and an
inquiry proposed upon the recommendation of the
late President of the United States, who expressed
an opinion of the justice of rhp demand in relation
to which this resolution is offered. I do not mean
to say that the claim is a well-founded claim; I am
rather inclined to think otherwise; but I have no
fixed and determined opinion on the question. I
think it ri^ht to make the investigation, and it is
no more than respectful to the high source whence
the recommendation has emanated to pass the res-
olution, and investigate the justice of the claim.
But, Mr. President, I have risen chiefly to no-
tice the solicitude with which certain members of
this body recur to the compromise, and seize hold
of everything they can to reagitate the country in
reference to that subject. Why, does not this
whole Senate know that during the progress of
that compromise through this body at the last ses-
sion the very member who last addressed us, and
others who concur with him, in their general
opinions, declared that if they wanted a subject of
agitation, continued, increased, exaggerated agita-
tion, they would desire the passage of those com-
promise measures? That was their prediction.
And what was the prediction made by myself and
the other friends of that compromise? That if
the measures passed they would bring tranquillity
j and peace to this entire country; they woula settle
! agitation; they would silence the agitators. And
i they are silenced, for they do not attempt to
; broach the subject of domestic slavery at all, but
; whenever the foreign African slave trade is brought
! up they seize on it with a desperate grasp to find
if they cannot make out of that some cause of
agitation.
Sir, the honorable Senator tells us that, although
these agitators are at the bottom, where I trust
in God they will long remain, they may emerge.
Never, never, during the lifetime of that Senator,
or of °any Senator in this body, I believe, at least
upon the subject of domestic slavery. We found
the Senator the other day voting in a small mi-
nority against an inquiry in relation to the sup-
pression of the foreign slave trade. That and
that only, can be the theme of agitation, if it be
the desire to prolong agitation. Has not the pre-
diction of the friends of the compromise measures
been fulfilled? Has not peace and tranquillity
been brought to the country? There is, to be
sure, here and there, in certain localities, a little
deperate, hopeless effort made to excite and con-
tinue the agitation, but it is dying away like the
expiring echoes which proceed from the discharge
i of a cannon, or any other noise. It is all dying
| away, and the gentleman will find it utterly im-
possible again to satisfy this country that such a
state of things as was unfortunately exhibited at
the last session is desirable, and he will find the
j people, the whole people, even in his own section
; of the country, and I believe he will find even a
I great portion of the party of which he was a leader,
i ultimately to acquiesce in what has been done, and
! will be prompt to rebuke the renewal of any efforts
I whatever to revive agitation.
| Mr. HALE. I am somewhat astonished, I
j confess, that the attempt to renew agitation should
j be charged upon me, and those who act with me.
; I had thought that I had been uncommonly quiet
this session upon all these subjects. I have intro-
I duced nothing of this sort. I did not introduce
; the subject of the foreign slave trade. I did not
I introduce this proposition to put our hands into
; the public Treasury and take out money to pay
j these slave traders.
; But the Senator from Kentucky seems to take
this occasion to read me a sort of personal lecture
; on the position which he thinks 1 now occupy.
; He thinks I now occupy, and he wishes me to oc-
cupy for a good while, a position at the bottom.
I do not think that there is anybody in the coun-
! try better qualified to give advice to those who are
at the bottom than the Senator himself. If there
j is to be a commotion, a ground swell, I do not know
' which of us will come up first, which will be found
i to have the heaviest anchor around the neck—I,
| with such agitation as I have been guilty of, or
j others, with such means of quieting it as the
| friends of the compromise measures have adopted.
| But I will venture a prediction now—not claiming
| to be a prophet; and I speak with great regret. I
] am going to make my remarks general, and not
j applicable to anybody in particular, and probably
! they will not hurt anybody; but, if they did, I
| should regret it—I make the prediction that he,
: be he who he may, or come from where he may,
who puts himself forward as a candidate for pub-
lic favor before the people of any State in this
Union, and claims their favor upon the ground
of being the author or supporter of what is called
tor from New Hampshire and the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio, by calling the attention of thej|
respective constituencies to the fact that they
. vigilant on every question which may come before
j- the Senate of the united States recognizing prop-
j erty in slaves, have accomplished their object^
ana, having attained that object, they may now5"
allow the resolution to pass. The resolution,^
was said by the honorable Senator from Kentucky*1,
is based upon a recommendation of the late Presi- .§g
dent Polk in his message of December, 1847, i%4|
which he called the attention of Congress—firs|^
to the justness of this claim, and, secondly, to the
duty of paying it under our treaty obligations to
the Government of Spam. I will detain the Sen-
ate for an instant by reading that paragraph of his
message in which he makes this emphatic recom-
mendation:
" I recommend to Congress that an appropriation be
made to be paid to the Spanish Government for the purpose
of distribution among the claimants in < the Amistad case.'
I entertain the conviction that this is due to Spain under the
treaty of the 20th of October, 1795; and, moreover, that
from the earnest manner in which this claim continues to be
urged, so long as it shall remain unsettled, it will beasource
of irritation and discord between the two countries, which
may prove highly prejudicial to the interests of the United
Srates. Good policy, no less than a faithful compliance with
our treaty obligations, requires that the inconsiderable ap-
propriation demanded should be made."
That part of the message was, at the same ses-
sion, upon the motion of the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, referred to that
committee; and during the same session, on the
5th of August, 1848, that gentleman moved an
amendment to an appropriation bill appropriating
$50,000 for the payment of the claim. That prop-
osition passed the Senate on the yeas and nays; it
was, however, rejected by the Mouse.
The resolution simply proposes an inquiry into
! the propriety of paying this claim; and I should take
j it for granted, whatever opinions gentlemen might
j entertain as to the justice of the claim, they would
! not obstruct the inquiry. I hope the resolution
! will be adopted.
) Mr. WALKER. I have a recollection of the
! facts which have been brought to our notice by the
honorable Senator from Virginia. The Senate
' once took up the recommendation of President
1 Polk, and it was referred to the committee which
had it under consideration. They reported, and
the Senate adopted an amendment to an appropri-
< ation bill making an appropriation for the payment
of the claim. I therefore think that, so far as a
proper respect to the recommendation of the late
] President Polk is concerned, we have shown it.
The amendment which we have adopted went to
the House of Representatives, and was by them
rejected, or rather non-concurred in. The bill
1 came back to us, and we receded from the amend-
ment. I mention this fact simply for the purpose
1 of its being understood that I do not vote against
| this resolution out of any motive of disrespect to
| President Polk. His recommendation was taken
into consideration by the Senate, and acted upon.
: Mr. CHASE. If this were simply a resolution
, of inquiry, upon a subject not heretofore acted
upon, I do not think I should object to it. I do
not believe that any subject is to be tabooed in dis-
cussion. So far as I myself am concerned, I shall
never submit to any such decree. I shall dis-
cuss what I see fit to discuss, and propose what
I see fit to propose for the consideration of the
Senate. I may be in a minority—that is a com-
mon lot. Some of us must find ourselves in a
minority every day and on every question. But
the great quiescent compromise, will find himself j, standing here as an American Senator, I shall feel
[; like the man in the Greek fable, who, when there
j' was a shipwreck, and all seized upon something
I whereby to save themselves, unfortunately seized
I the anchor and went to the bottom with it. I long !
i for that day to come. I long to see the day when i
there will be some man bold enough to step into ;
| the arena and proclaim himself the champion of i
; the compromise, and claim his meed of approba- !
tion and commendation from the public sentiment
} of the country upon the ground of his meritorious :
1 services in that campaign. !
1 The PRESIDENT. The Chair will be under {
the necessity of restraining the Senator. The i
j compromise is not under consideration or discus- j
j sion. |
I Mr. HALE. I believe it is the rule of military
! order that when an officer is arrested, he shall sur- ,
render his sword; so I shall take my seat. j
; Mr. MASON. I presume the honorable Senn-
it my duty to bring forward such subjects for the
consideration of the Senate as seem to me to de-
serve their consideration. It will remain for the
Senate to give them such attention and such action
as may be thought fit.
Sir,"it has been said that the honorable Senator
from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] and those
who act with him, in which number I suppose I
am included, seek every occasion for renewing
agitation on the floor of the Senate. I appeal to
the Senate if I have sought any occasion to renew
or commence any agitation here. When, and in
what have I appeared as an agitator on this floor?
When the Senator from Kentucky thought fit, last
Winter, to bring forward his measures of pacifi-
cation, as he chose to style them, I expressed my
opinion upon them as an independent Senator, it
was my good fortune to concur with him in some
of his views—not in all—not indeed in manv-
