1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
407
himself as employed by a client, and his business !
will be to get every acre he can out of the adverse i
claimants. That ls'the way he will understand it.
Hehasunbounded authority to do what hepleases. i
Why this change of language except for a pur- ]
pose? i
The section then provides that the President ;
may " continue him m said agency as long as the ,
• public interest may in the judgment of the Presi- j
' dent require his continuance, and to allow him |
' such compensation as the President shall deem
'reasonable." How different is this from the act >
of 1805! There the agent had a fixed salary, and !
a fixed duration, as well as a fixed duty. Here <\
all this is changed, and doubtless for a purpose. '|
It is a characteristic of this bill throughout, to ]
leave things as open and vague as possible. It is
not at one point, but at all points that vagueness '
and uncertainty is. In this case the President is to :
allow the agent such compensation as he shall j
deem reasonable. This agent or lawyer then will >
consider himself entitled to compensation precise- '1
ly in proportion to the number of cases in which ]]
he shall succeed in defeating any claim to land. 1
Certainly where demanding compensation he will j!
make out his bill according to the number of claim- i
ants whom he has defeated. It will be a life es- ti
tate Jto him—the country all the while harassed,
worried, and distracted. He will foot up the '
number of acres he has " saved," and charge ac- ,•
cordingly. Then he is to be in for an indefinite
time—as long as the President may think the '
public interest may require his continuance. How
long will that be ? Just as long as the lawyer
agent may deem himself necessary; and under this
bill may be as many years as he pleases. He is ,
to superintend and conduct the cases, and may be
as long about it as he finds it profitable. The law f
agent is to have unlimited authority to take depo-
sitions. This excludes oral testimony on the part ',
of the United States in every case in which the '[
agent may choose to exclude it, and substitutes ' <
the harassing process of depositions. But we will .'
go on: ji
" And no deposition taken by or in behalf of any such ,
claimant shall be read in evidence in any, case, whether be- t1
fore the commissioners, or before the District or the Su- ! j
preme Court of tlie United States, unless notice of thetime
and place of taking the same shall be given in writing to 1
said agent or to the district attorney." !
H ere are two lawyers brought in—the law agent i
and the district attorney. Both may be employed
about these depositions; and after they are thus
taken upon notice, the notice must be proved, and
a witness for that purpose brought, and kept in
court.
All these are subjects of great delay, great ex-
pense, great vexation, amounting to a Targe tax
both on the purse and on the time of the whole
people of the country. Taking depositions is te-
dious and troublesome in old States, where there
are facilities for doing it. What must it be in
California, where there are no facilities, where the
people on whom the lawyer agent is to serve these
notices are ignorant of the language in which it is
written, and perhaps unable to read it if he knew
the language. The party has no knowledge of,
any question which will come up before the board,
and therefore must undertake to bolster up his title
at all points, and in all time from its inception, :
which may have been eighty years ago. He does
not even understand the English language; never
witnessed a law proceeding before. He will have ;
to employ a man to write every word for him. !*
California stretches from 32° to 42°, and from ,j
the Pacific ocean to the top of the Sierra Nevada, i
and to the Colorado. And over all this country !!
lawsuits for land are to rage at once—the Govern- j |
ment ordering the suit in every instance. Not only t
the old settlers, but many of the new ones are to •
be thus harassed. There are many grants to :
American emigrants on the Sacramento—emi-
§ rants who conquered the country for the United j
tates, and now have to contend with the United '
States for the lands which the Mexican Govern- !
ment gave them. . , I
Mr. President, contrast all this with the simple !
and summary proceeding under the act of 1805, in i
Mr. Jefferson's time. I have read one extract in
relation to the agent and his duties; here is another
in relation t* the board and its duties:
" Each board, or a majority of each board, shall, in their
respective districts, have power to hear and decide in a
% summary manner all matters respecting such claims; also
lo administer oaths, to eompelthe attendance of and exam-
ine witnesses, and such other testimony as may be adduced,
8tc., and to decide in a summary way, according to justice
and equity, on all claims tiled,'' &c.
What a difference between the two proceed-
ings ! In the old act the proceedings is to be sum-
mary, that is to say without written issues, and
without lawyers, ana the decisions are to be " ac-
cording to equity and justice." There were to be
proceedings without expense, and without law i
forms, to the old inhabitants of Louisiana, and
they were to get justice and equity. Not so in !
California. There it is all law and lawyers. Equity !
and justice are never once mentioned. J
And now, Mr. President, why are these people
of California to be treated in this manner? Why
treated so much harder—with so much more se-
verity—than the people of Louisiana ? Even they
were treated hard enough, and had enough trouble
with their lands, and many lost them. Yet the
laws were then moderate in comparison to this,
and paid some regard to the rights of settlers.
Time was always an element in favor of their
claims, and many were allowed on time alone—on
ten years' time and cultivation. No lawyers were
necessary before the old board. They were to do
equity and justice. Here the party will have to
bring a lawyer into court to maintain his claim at
all points. It must operate as an act of confisca-
tion to all the smaller claims. Those who have
large grants may go to the great expense which
will be entailed upon them. But most of the claim-
ants will sink under this harassing process, to be
continued through three courts, and one of them
three thousand miles from California. I think if
the Senate will only consider the practical work-
ngs of this section, all its ruinous expense and
delays, they will have compassion on the people,
and will strike out the section. I hope this Cali-
fornia board will be allowed to decide as those
boards of Louisiana and Missouri, "summarily,"
and according to "equity and justice." Those
boards had no lawyers to harass the claimants,
and after some years the agoMKas discontinued.
They began in 1804, an^^^Hr continued for
twenty years, and had no a^ffts during the last
fifteen years. The board was the Government's
own officers, and every case they decided in favor
of a claimant was confirmed. In many cases the
law made the decision final for the claimant—in
others Congress confirmed them.
Mr. FOOTE. I simply rise for the purpose of
stating that this is my favorite section. I have
thought for some time past, and I have had inform-
ation on which I have acted, that the public in-
terests were in great danger in California, and
would be subject to great detriment unless some
individual should be appointed to perform such
duties as are provided for in this section. That be-
ing my de'iberate opinion, from a full investigation
of the question, ana such evidence as is perfectly
satisfactory to me, I shall vote for retaining the
section. I trust, upon so plain a point as this, the
Senate will allow us to act immediately. For one,
being exceedingly tired of this controversy, I am
anxious that we should sit ourikhis bill this day,
and come to a final vote on it i^tfire we adjourn.
Mr. BERRIEN. The answer to the argument
by which this motion is supported is a very sim-
ple one.
Mr. YULEE. If the Senator will allow me, I
would say that there is scarcely any probability of
a final vote being had on this bill toAlay, and, as
has been intimated before to the Senate, it is de-
sirable that we should go into executive session
for a few moments.
Mr. BERRIEN. Ijwuld readily acquiesce in
the suggestion of the Sflnor from Florida, were
it not that I think we should make some progress*
in this bill to-day. The answer to the argument
by which this motion is supported is a very simple
one. The Senator has called the attention of the
Senate to the action of Congress in the appointment
of an agent in regard to the Louisiana board of
commissioners. He notes the discrimination be-
tween the character of the agent and the provisions
for the regulation of his conduct. Now, there
have been two periods in the legislation of Con-
gress upon this subject. In the early period they
appointed boards of commissioners, to whom they
gave only the power of reporting upon the claims,
reserving to themselves the power of deciding ulti-
mately upon them. That was the character of the
provision of which the Senator from Missouri has
spoken. And in regard to such commissioners
having such powers, the character of the agent
was in a degree an important one. When, in
1824, Congress determined to divest itself of the
power to call in the aid of the judiciary to decide
all these claims, they did not have alaw agent, but
they required the district attorney, who was a law-
yer, to attend to superintending the interests of the
United States. I presume, from the experience
which was had under that provision, it was found
necessary in the act of 1828, which gave to the
private claimants of lands in Florida the privilege
of going into court, to provide for the appointment
of a law agent, in the \Sty terms in which his ap-
pointment is provided for in this bill of the Judi-
ciary Committee. The section to which the Sen-
ator has objected is copied from the correspondfng
section of the act of 1828, authorizing the appoint-
ment of a law agent in Florida. The reason why
the committee adjudged it proper to commit these
duties to the law agent instead of the district attor-
ney was the extent of the State of California, and
the probable impracticability of the district attorney
attending, inasmuch as the district court, where
his duties required him to be, might be in session
while this board was holding its sessions in a distant
part of the State. Now, with respect to what the
Senator says with regard to the enormous duties
which this officer will have to perform, and the
impossibility of his being in attendance at the
different sessions of the board, I have to say that
the board is to hold its sessions at different places,
and the commissioners must travel to hold the
sessions, and if they can travel to the places where
the sessions are to be held the law agent can do the
same.
I have then to say, in answer to the first objec-
tion to the appointment of a law agent, that the com-
mittee acted upon the act of Congress in relation
to the claims in Florida. They have pursued the
same course Congress pursued in that case. With
respect to the taking of depositions, I would say
there is nothing to forbid oral examinations before
the commissioners. They are required to take
down those examinations in writing, in books to
be kept for that purpose. The depositions which
are to be taken can never be multiplied to the ex-
tent suggested by the Senator, as they are to be
taken before three commissioners. And, with re-
spect to the want of limitation as to time, the
commissioner before whom the notice of this sort
is returnable will be at all times competent to de-
termine when the notice is returned. These are
the answers which I have to give to the argument
of the Senator from Missouri, and I hope the
question will be taken. ,
Mr. BENTON. When the case comes before
the district court, the United States district attor-
ney is to attend to the case, and when it come; to
the Supreme Court the Attorney General. It is
only to the board of commissioners that there is
to be this law agent. The commissioners should
be a preliminary tribunal for examining the cases,
and deciding promptly and summarily, and al-
ways equitably and justly dealing in favor of the
actual settler. That is the extent of the motion,
as applied to the board of commissioners.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the motion to strike out the 4th section, resulted
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton and Dodge of Iowa—2.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Berrien, Borland,
Bradbury, Bright, Clay, Davis of Massachusetts, Dawson,
Dayton, Djckinson, Douglas, Downs, Ewing, Felch, Faote,
Greene, Gwin, Houston, Jones, King, Mason, Miller, Mor-
ton, Norris, Phelps, Pratt; Seward, Smith, Spruance, Tur-
ney, Underwood, Upham, Wales, Walker, Whitcomb, and
Wmthrop—37.
So the motion was rejected.
Mr. BENTON. I move to strike out in the
same section after the words '.'whose special duty
it shall be," the words " to superintend the inter-
ests of the United States in the premises," and to
insert in lieu thereof, "to oppose all such claims
i as the said agent shall deem fraudulent and un-
j founded." The object of the amendment is to
make this conform with the provisions of theLou-
| isiana law—to make it the duty of theagent toop-
' pose such claims as he may deem fraudulent and
i unfounded, instead of superintending the interests
of the United States.
Mr. BERRIEN. I submit the question of or-
der whether the refusal to strike out the section is
not the adoption of it by the Senate, and*whether
if this course be tolerated, the whole section may
I not by successive motions be stricken out. It is
