410
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
leb 1,
tind generous friend, and an able find efficient Repre-
sentative. His entrim -e in tins body was marked
by the close of an e;>oeii ofangry political contest,
connected with the admission of Texas into the
Union—a contest which tixed on him the scruti-
nizing, it'not jealous eyes, of many observers, and
which devohed on hint a very delicate and respon-
sible part in the councils of the nation. This part
he triumphantly sustained—challenging even the
approval of the liiditl'erent, adding to his rising
reputation, and conferring large advantages on his
State. But, alas! our friend and fellow-represent-
auve is no more. I Its ready greetings will be no
more welcomed—his voice will be no more heard
iii the persuasive eloquence of patriotism, or in the
■harp conflicts of parliamentary debate. Death—
the arch-enemy Death—has struck down the sen-
tinel on his watch. The strong man, the buoyant
hope, the high career, are all crushed. The body
of our associate is given to the cold grave—his
spirit is returned to its Author and Original, God.
And, startling to say, this fearful change from joy-
ous life to inscrutable death is the work of a few
hours. Let us who linger behind for a season be
warned and instructed by the solemn and impres-
sive dispensation. A void is created in our midst.
The State lately so ably represented by the de-
ceased, has sustained a great loss—the country at
large has sustained a loss; and, more than all, his
bereaved and distressed family, to whom, in com-
mon with the members of this body, I offer the
sincere condolence of a sympathizing heart.
The question was then taken on the resolutions,
and they were unanimously adopted; and
The House accordingly adjourned till Monday.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, February 1, 1851.
The PRESIDENT of the Senate laid before the
body a communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting a report of Lieutenant Whipple's ex-
pedition from San Diego to the Colorado, in com-
pliance with a resolution of the Senate of the 20th
ultimo, which was read, and on motion by Mr.
DAVIS, of Mississippi, ordered that it be printed.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. YULEE presented the memorial of E. R.
Collins and his associates, asking certain alterations
in their contracts for carrying the mail between
New V ork and Liverpool. They ask an exten-
sion of the time in which to refund the money
loaned them by Government, so that it may be
repaid ten per cent, annually, the amount to be
deducted from -the last quarterly payment in each
year; and that authority may be given the Secre-
tary of the Navy to increase their annual compen-
sation in reference to the tonnage and dimensions
of the steamers employed to the average per ton
allowed to the other American lines by their ex-
isting contract, and also that in time of peace their
steamers be placed under their exclusive control,
in regard to the appointment of officers, as they
think they can in no other way secure that entire
responsibility which is indispensable to the perfect
efficiency and safety of the service. They state that
they entered upon the enterprise with no exclusive
TieMrs of commercial profit, but on national
grounds, and to prevent the undisputed supremacy
of the seas from falling into the hands of a rival
Power. They affirm that they have little expecta-
tion of deriving any pecuniary advantage, even
with the solicited alterations, and are merely anx-
ious to have the matter placed on such grounds as
to enable them to meet the extraordinary efforts of
the British Government and people with an effi- i
cient and successful competition.
The memorial was referred to the Committee !
on Naval Affairs. !
Mr. UPHAM presented a memorial from the
cjerks employed in the post office at Boston, soli-
citing an increase of compensation adequate to
their very laborious and responsible duties; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of Phoebe
Glover, asking a pension in consideration of the
services of her father during the war of the Revo-
ritP' an^ l^e •erv'ce her son during the war
TiT Great Britain; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Also, a petition from inhabitants of Rochester,
ew York, asking that the regulation of letter
I boxes in the post offices may be placed under the
; direction ot the Department, and that the postmas- j
ters account for the rents, and asking a reduction i
ot |H)stage on drop letters; wluch was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, two memorials from citizens of Essex
and Clinton counties, in the State of New York,
asking a modification of the tariff; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Also, a memorial from Samuel Oakley, assistant
lnaramu ot Richmond county New York, asking
additional compensation for his services in taking
the seventh census; which was referred to the
Committee of Claims.
Also, the petition of Samuel Lake, asking such
amendment of the bounty land law as will secure
one hundred and sixty acres of land to all those
who served in the war of 1812; which was referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands.
Also, submitted documents in relation to the
claim of John C. Bergh for percentage on dis-
bursements of extra pay to volunteers, under the
act of 12th August, 1848, in the war with Mexico;
which were referred to the Committee on Military
At! airs.
Also, three petitions from citizens of the State
of New lork, asking that the public lands may
be granted in limited quantities to actual settlers,
and who are not possessed of other lands; which
were ordered to lie on the table.
Also, a petition from the Peru Monthly Meeting
i f.nends u'the State of New York, asking the
abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia
and in the Territories, and the suppression of the
domestic slave trade; wluch was ordered to lie on
the table.
Also, a petition very numerously signed by in-
J Rushford and vicinity, in the county ,
of Alleghany, New York, asking the immediate '
repeal of the fugitive slave law, setting forth that
it commands them under pain of .fine and impris-
onment to commit the greatest of wrongs against
•t~nt men^^is therefore in palpable hostility
Also, two petitions from the town of Middle-
burg, Wyoming county, in the State of New
York, one very numerously signed by the inhab-
itants thereof, asking the repeal of the fugitive
slave law at the present session, because they be-
lieve it to be at variance with the laws of nature,
of humanity, and of God. The other, signed by
nineteen electors of the same place, declares the
fugitive slave law to be a direct attack upon the
nnnciples of human Jiberty, and therefore that
they cannot conscientiously obey it or assist ilk car-
rying out it* provisions, and therefore ask its im-
mediate and unconditional repeal, and in case of its
non-repeal a division of the Union; all of which
petitions were severally laid on the table.
• J-p'-'AY presented a memorial from the cit-
izens of Reesvflle, in the State of New York, and
a petition of citizens of Pennsylvania, asking a
niodification of the tariff; which were referred to
the Committee on Finance.
t> ^^I^Bfsented a memorial from William
• j . rthur ami other officers of the army en-
gaged in the coast survey in California and Oregon,
soliciting an increase of their compensation; wnich
wasi refeiTedito the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a communication
I from Royal E. House and others in relation to the
I construction of a line of telegraphic communica-
tion to the Pacific ocean; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, a memorial from citizens of Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania, asking ^.modification of the bounty
land taw; which was ^[ered to lie on the table.
•r'i 7 . ' Massachusetts, presented a me-
morial from inventors of the State of Massachu-
setts, asking a modification of the patent laws,
and that the bill now pending before Congress
may become a law; which was ordered to he on
the table.
Mr. BORLAND presented it memorial from
the late and present registers and receivers of the
land office at Vandalia, Illinois, asking an addi-
tional compensation for their increased labors in
locating military bounty land warrants; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. BRADBURY presented a petition from
citizens of Wiscasset, Maine, asking the adoption
of measures for the amicable adjustment of inter-
national difficulties; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. DAYTON presented a memorial from silk
manufacturers and others at Camdeni, New Jer-
sey, asking a modification of the tariff; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Air. IIALE presented a petition very numer-
ously signed—and mnong the names are those of
one hundred and sixty-one legal voters, belonging
alike to every party and sect,'and to no party or
sect, of Marlborough, New Hampshire, on the
question of the fugitive slave law. They say that
while they claim to he the friends of law and order,
and would not willingly foment sectional jealousy
and strife, they cannot but feel—educated as they
have been in the principles of equal liberty to all,
and of the Holy Scriptures, which require impar-
tial love to all—that the fugitve slave law is unjust
and oppressive, for the reasons which they set
forth.
The memorial was laid upon the table.
Mr. CASS presented a memorial from citizens
of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, asking a modifica-
tion of the bounty land law; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BENTON presented a memorial from in-
ventors and others, of Trenton, New Jersey, ask-
ing a modification of the patent laws; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. WALKER presented a petition of citizens
of Woonsocket, in the State of Rhode Island,
asking that the public lands may be granted in
limited quantities to actual settlers not possessed
of other lands; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. BRIGHT presented the petition of Israel
Johnson, asking compensation for services per-
formed under the direction of the United States
Indian agents; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented a petition
from the citizens of Iowa, asking the establish-
ment of a mail route from Keosauqua to Bloom-
field, in that State; which was referred to the'Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. WINTHROP. I present the memorial of
the American Medical Association, prepared in
conformity with a resolution adopted at their late
annual meeting in Cincinnati, and signed by their
President, Dr. Mussey, praying for the adoption
of an international copyright system,* both as a
measure of abstract expediency and justice, and
more particularly as essential to secure a just re-
muneration to American authors, and a just en-
couragement to American literature. I move the
reference of the memorial to the Committee on
the Judiciary; and, as it relates to a subject of no
little public interest, and comes from an associ-
ation composed of gentlemen of high scientific
character and great moral worth in all parts of the
Union, I move that the memorial be printed.
The memorial was accordingly referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and the motion to
print was referred to the Committee on Printing.
REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on Navnl
Affairs, submitted a communication from the Sec-
retary of the Navy, with Professor Espy's " Rules
for the Mariner, founded on his theory of storms.
; The communication- was ordered to be printed,
together with the report of the Secretary of the
Navy of the 14th of March last, communicating a
, report of Professor Epsj^on meteorology.4
MIXED COINAGE.
Mr. HUNTER submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered and agreed to:
Retohei, That the Committee on Finance be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of coining dollars, half dol-
lars, and quarters, to be composed of gold and silver in the
I proportion of equal values, according to the relative stand-
] ard between the metals as now fixed by law.
BILLS ON LEAVE.
Mr. CHASE, in pursuance of notice,asked and
obtained leave to bring in a bill to amend the act to
change the time of holding the circuit and district
courts of the United States for the district of Ohio;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BORLAND, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to authorize
the correction of erroneous locations of military
bounty land warrants by actual settlers on the
public lands in certain cases; which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands.
