1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
411
Mr. SOULE, in pursuance of notice, asked and '
obtained leave to introduce a joint resolution to
change the mode of appointing the clerks of the
treasurers of the Mints of the United States;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance. '
CORRESPONDENCE IN THE AMISTAD CASE.
The following resolution, submitted yesterday
by Mr. Hale, was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate, if in his opinion it
be compatible with the public interest, all correspondence
which has taken place between the Government of Spain
and the Government of the United States, touching the
claim of the owners of the -1 mis tad for compensation on
account of the liberation of the negroes on board said
vessel.
MAIL ROUTE IN CALIFORNIA.
The following resolution, submitted yesterday
by Mr. Gwi.v, was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post route from Eureka to the Klamath Dig-
gings, via Trinidad City and Klamath City.
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
On the motion of Mr. Gwin, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business,
and, after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened.
DEATH OF THE HON. D. S. KAUFMAN.
The following message was received from the
House of Representatives by Mr. Young, their
Clerk:
" Mr. President : I am directed by the House of Repre-
sentatives to notify the Senate of the death of the Hon.
Davis S. Kaufman, amemberofthe House of Representa-
tives from the State of Texas, and of the proceedings of the
House thereon: "~
" House or Representatives, February 1,1851.
" Resolved, That the House has heard with deep emotion
the annunciation of the death of the Hon. David S. Kauf-
man, a member of this House from the State of Texas.
" Resolved, That this House tenders to the relatives of .
die deceased the expression of its sympathy on this affect-
ing event; and, as a testimony of respect for the memory
of the deceased, the members and officers of tilt: House will
go into mourning for thirty days.
" Resolved, That the members and officers of the House
will attend the funeral of the Hon. David S. Kaufman, de-
ceased, from the Hall of the House of Representatives, on
Monday next at twelve o'clock, m.
11 Resolved, That a committee be appointed for superin-
tending the funeral of the deceased.
" Resploed, That the Senate be furnished with a copy of
the foregoing resolutions, and that they be invited to attend
the funeral of the deceased."
The resolutions having been read—
Mr. RUSK said: Mr President,! riseto perform
a mournful duty in connection with the announce-
ment just made to the Senate of the death of my
late colleague, the honorable David S. Kaufman,
one of the Representatives from the State of Texas
in the Congress of the United States. He de-
parted this life at his lodgings in this city about five
o'clock yesterday afternoon, surrounded by an
affectionate family. Death usually gives warn-
ing of his approach; but in this case there was a
fearful suddenness in the summons from the active
and busy scenes of life to the silence of the tomb.
Of the early History of Mr. Kaufman I have but
little knowledge. He was born in Cumberland
county, Pennsylvania, in the year 1813, and re-
ceived his education at Nassau Hall, Princeton,
New Jersey. My first acquaintance with him be-
gan in 1837, in Texas, wh|n that Republic was in
the midst of the trying scenes of her revolution, in
the dangers of which he actively participated. In
the year 1838 he was elected a member of the Con-
gress of Texas, and took a prominent part in her
legislation. In 1839 he was a second time elected
to that Congress, and chosen Speaker of the House
of Representatives, which position he filled for two
sessions with great credit to himself. In 1843 he
was elected to the Senate, which office he held until
the annexation of Texas to this Union—a measure
which had his warmest support. After the accept-
ance of the proposition- of the United States by
Texas, he was selected and sent to this Govern-
ment as envoy by President Jones. His services
to Texas were not in a civil capacity alone. Du-
ring several campaigns he bore his full share in the
struggles of his adopted country for liberty, and
participated in several battles, in one of which he
received an honorable wound in the face. At the
first election after the enterence of Texas into the
Union he was chosen a member of the House of
Representatives. Of the zeal and fidelity with
which he discharged the duties of this position it
is unnecessary for me to speak. His constituents
at the second election manifested their approval of
his course by an almost unanimous reelection for
a second term, in the midst of which he has been
cut off. For fourteen years I have had the honor
of an intimate personal acquaintance with the de-
ceased. 1 have be£fl an eye-witness of his ability
in the councils of his country, and his chivalry and
gallant bearing on the field of battle. But he is
now gone from among us, and "the places that
have known him shall know him no more forever."
I trust his spirit has winged its way from a world
of care, trouble and anxiety, t6 the mansions of
eternal bliss, where pain and sorrow never enter.
Our lamented friend has left behind him an affec-
tionate and devoted wife, and a most interesting
family of children. His children, although at
Eresent too young to be aware of the loss they
ave sustained, will, as their intellectual faculties
shall be developed, find in the history of their
father's short but useful career bright examples to
guide their footsteps. May the all-merciful Being
who is a husband to the widow, and a father to
the fatherless, watch over the bereaved partner of
his bosom and her sorrowing children, and sustain
them in this their time of affliction.
Mr. President, this afflcting dispensation should
be a warning to those of us who survive. Three
hours before our lamented friend was called to his
last account, he was as actively engaged in the
business of life as any one of us. He was doubt-
less animated by as strong hopes of a prosperous
and honorable future as we are. Now, the voice
of censure and of praise falls alike unheeded upon
the dull cold ear of death.
Sir, we should learn to look forward to the
event which must happen to each of us not with
the timidity which paralyzes exertion; but with the
calm confidence inspired by the belief that life has
been bestowed upon us by an allwise Creator as
a gift to be employed for the advancement of human
happiness, and with the determination that, come
when it may, death shall find us |^Hkvoring faith-
fully to discharge the great dutie^Hpife.
Mr. President, I move that the rerolutions which
I send to the chair be adopted:
Resolved, That the Senate has received with deep sensi-
bility the message from the House of Representatives an-
nouncing the death of the honorable Davis S. Kaufman,
a Representative from the State of Texas.
Resolved, That, in token of respect for the memory of the
deceased, the Senate will attend hisfuneral at the hour ap-
pointed by the House of Representatives, and will wear the
usual badge of mourning for thirty days.
Resolved, That, as a further testimony of respect for the
memory of the deceased, the Senate do now adjourn.
The resolutions were unanimously agreed to,
and the Senate adjourned.
the House standing. They were conducted to
seats immediately in front of the Speaker's chair.
Subsequently the President was conducted to
a seat on the right and the Vice President to a seat
j on the left of the Speaker.
; j The Supreme Court of the United States, accom-
!; panied by their officers, next entered the Hall, and
! took the seats assigned them on the right of the
Speaker's chair.
I General-in-Chief of the Army and staff took
seats on the left of the? Speaker's chair.
I The Rev. Mr. Gurley, Chaplain of the House,
j delivered a brief, appropriate, and affecting dis-
course, from the words to be found in 1st Corinth-
ians, 15th chapter, 26th verse: " The last enemy
that shall be destroyed is death."
At the conclusion of the service, the funeral
moved from the Hall to the place of interment, in
the following order:
The Chaplains of both Houses of Congress,
j Physicians who attended the deceased.
COMMITTEE OF ARRANGEMENTS.
Mr. Howard, ofTexas, Mr. McLanahan, of Penn.,
; i " Ashmun, of Mass., " Shepperd, of N. C..
\ " J. Thompson, of Miss., " F. E. McLean, of Ky.,
j " J. K. Miller, of Ohio, " Morsc, of Louisiana,
i - Mr. McClernand, of Illinois.
1
: PALL-BEARERS.
Mr. Job Mask, of Penn., Mr. J. G. Kino, of N. Jersey,
" Linn Boyd, ofKy., " J. H. Dcncan, ofMass.,
" A. Burt, otS. Carolina, " J. L. Taylor, of Ohio,
" R. W. Johnson,of Ark., " M. P. Gentry, ofTenn.
The family and friends of the deceased.
The Senators and Representative from the State of Texas,
as mourners.
The Sergeant-at-Arms of the House of Representatives.
The House of Representatives, preceded by their Speaker
and Clerk.
The other officers of the House of Representatives.
The Sergeant-at-Anns of the Senate of the United States.
The Senate of the United States, preceded by the Vice
President of the United States and their Secretary.
The other officers of the Senate.
The President of the United States.
The Heads of Departments.
The Chief Justice and Associate Justices of the Suprema
Court of the United States, and its officers.
The Diplomatic Corps.
Judges of the United States.
Officers of the Executive Departments.
Officers of the Army and Navy.
The Mayor and Council of Washington.
Citizens of the State of Texas, now in Washington.
Citizens and Strangers.
At twenty minutes past two o'clock, the House
having returned to the Hall,
On motion by Mr. SAVAGE, it
Adjourned till to-morrow at twelve o'clock.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 3, 1851.
The House met at the usual hour, for the pur-
e>se of attending the funeral obsequies of the Hon.
avid S. Kaufman, late the Representative from
the First Congressional District of the State of
Texas.
The Rev. Mr. Gurley, Chaplain of the House,
offered up a prayer appropriate to the melancholy
occasion.
The Journal of Saturday, directing the order of
proceedings to testify the respect of the House for
the memory of the deceased, was read.
A few minutes past twelve o'clock, the corpse
was brought into the Hall of Representatives, in
charge of the committee of arrangements, attended
by the Sergeant-at-Arms of the House and by the
pall bearers, and followed by the mourners—being
the family of the deceased and the Representatives
and Senators of the State of Texas—and placed
immediately in front of the Speaker's chair.
About twenty minutes past twelve, the Senate
of the United States, preceded by its officers and
Chaplain, entered the Hall, and were received by
the House standing.
The Chaplain of the Senate, immediately upon
the entrance of that body into the Hall of Repre-
sentatives, commenced the reading, according to
the ritual of the Protestant Episcopal Church, the
passages of Scripture found m the first epistle of
Paul, 15th chapter, beginning at the 20th verse, and
concluding with the end of the chapter. The Sen-
ate then took the seats assigned to them on the
right of the Speaker's chair.
The President of the United States and the Cab-
inet then entered the Hall, and were received by
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 3, 1851.
The Senate met at twelve o'clock, and with
their officers proceeded to the House of Represen-
tatives to attend the funeral services of the Hon.
David S. Kaufman.
After the funeral the Senate returned to their
Chamber,
And adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
* Tuesday, February 4, 1851.
The House met at twelve o 'clock, m. Thg Jour-
nal of yesterday was read and approved.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. BOYD said: Mr. Speaker, I beg leave to
call the attention of the House to the state of the
business before the House, and to make a sugges-
tion in relation thereto. Sbmetime ago, the House
made a special order for the consideration of the
! Mint bill, and another special orderfor the consid-
eration of the bill to raise a board for the examin-
i ation of private claims. These special orders
j were made to be considered from day to day, until
j the questions were disposed of; afterwards the
j territorial business was made the special order for
j to-day, and three succeeding days. Thus there
is a conflict between the special orders. In order
to relieve ourselves from the position growing out
of that conflict, I beg leave to propose that, by
general consent, the two former special orders
I shall be postponed until Thursday next, and that
i the territorial business shall be confined to two
i days; and then those two questions can be taken
! up and disposed of.
1 Be it remembered, that four days have teen set
I apart for territorial business. I propose, bygen-
I eral consent, and in order that we may get rid of
