412
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 4,
the difficulty of these conflicting claims for the
present time, that the former special orders, to
wit: the Mint bill, and bill to raise a Board of Ac-
count, shall be postponed until Thursday next;
giving to the territorial business to-day and to- ;
morrow. I hope there will be no objection to that i
arrangement.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky proposes to the House, that as to-day and
three succeeding days were set apart for the con-
sideration of territorial business, and that that ,
order is now conflicting with the special orders of i
the Mint bill and Board of Accounts bill, that
these two special orders be postponed until Thurs-
day, and that the House give to the territorial
bills two of the days heretofore set apart for the
consideration of that business. Is there any ob-
jection ?
Mr. VAN DYKE objected.
Mr. McCLERNAND wished to inquire whfether
this arrangement would interfere with the call of '
committees for reports ?
Mr. BOYD said that it need not do so. He had
no purpose whatever to, consume the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the proposition of the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Boyd] can only be entertained by unani-
mous consent. The Chair will state to the House,
that the special orders made for the Mint bill and i
bill to establish the Board of Accounts, being ;
made to operate from day to day, must, in the !
opinion of the Chair, override the days set apart
for the consideration of territorial business; and
this decision is in accordance with the practice of
the House on the subject. But it is due to the
territorial business, that the Chair should further
state to the House, that in the only instance in
which a conflict has taken place between special i
orders in this condition and days set apart for
territorial business, the House, in justice to the
territorial business, adopted a suggestion similar ,
to that now made by tne gentleman from Ken-
tucky, and did give the territorial business two
days of the time which was set apart for its con-
sideration. The Chair makes this suggestion that j
the House may understand what has been the ,
practice heretofore. j
Mr. ASHMUN inquired whether, if the sug- j
gestion of the gentleman from Kentucky was not
adopted, and the House went on to consider the
other special orders, and thus consumed the days
heretofore assigned to territorial business, there
would then be any assignment for territorial busi-
ness existing?
The SPEAKER said that, in the opinion of the
Chair, there would not. ]
Mr. BOYD rose to a point of order. Did he
understand the Chair to decide that the two former
special orders would take precedence over the last
one?
The SPEAKER said that he had so decided.
Mr. BOYD wished to inquire further: He un-
derstood the Chair to say, that this was the uni-
form practice of this body ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has been able, in
the examination of this question, to find but one .
precedent on the subject; and in that instance there (
was no point made, as appears from the Journal,
but tire House proceeded to the consideration of!
special orders existing, as in the present case, and ;
thus carried out, in the practice of the House, the ,
opinion now given by the Chair.
Mr. BOYD hoped the Chair would indulge him
in another question.* He desired to know if it i
would be in order to move to postpone the former |
special orders? ;
The SPEAKER said that such a motion could j
not be entertained in the House—these special
orders existing only in Committee of the Whole
on the state of the union. Such a motion could j
only be entertained by unanimous consent.
Mr. BOYD said, that if it was still in time, he
was very much inclined to appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair on the point of order.
The SPEAKER inquired if there was any ob- i
jection to the motion being received to postpone ■
the special orders ? 1
Mr. VAN DYKE objected. He moved that
the rules be suspended, and that the House re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The SPEAKER inquired if the gentleman from
Kentucky had appealed from the decision of the
Chair on the point of order ?
Mr. BOYD said that he would withdraw it.
Mr. STRONG said that he desired to renew the
point of order. His point of order was this:
That the territorial business could not be regarded
as a special order, but that the House had set
apart four days for its consideration, and that they
therefore made those days diet non as it regarded
either general or special orders. They are now no '
part of the time of the House. The special order
now pending was made under the rules. The set-
ting apart of those days for the territorial business,
was in the face of all the rules, and overrules
them. It is not a special order, but these days
are set apart for the consideration of this busi-
ness without reference to what may be before the
House, whether special orders or not. It is not to
be regarded as a special order, but as having pre-
cedence, and being paramount to "any order,
whether general or special.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the point
of order made by the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia. He can regard the setting apart of certain
days for the consideration of certain business as
nothing more nor less than the making of that
business the special order for those days. Cer-
tainly no order of the House can have any more
binding influence than the rules of the House.
Fridays and Saturdays are set apart by the rules of
the House for the consideration of private business;
and yet special orders made for Monday, or Tues-
day, or any other day, and to continue from day
to day until disposed of, will override the express
provision of the rule setting apart those days for
private bills. The Chair, therefore, adheres to
the decision first pronounced, which he has given
after as full consideration of the subject as he can
give to it. The point of order is, therefore, over-
ruled.
Mr. McCLERNAND inquired if it was not in
the power of the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union to take up territorial business
in preference to the special orders ?
The SPE.AflKR said that the opinion of the
Chair was, ^^JRhe Committee of the Whole on
the state of tt^^nion was bound to adhere to the
orders made by the House for the consideration
of business before them.
The question was then taken on Mr. Van
Dyke's motion, and the Speaker announced that
there were 76 in the affirmative and 61 in the neg-
ative.
Mr. BOYD called for tellers, and they were or-
dered; and Mr. Johnson, of Arkansas, and Mr.
Thompson, of Kentucky, were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 74, noes 62.
So the motion was agreed to.
fcRANCH MINT BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Cartter in the chair,) to resume the con-
sideration of the special order, being the bill to
establish a Branch Mint of the United States in the
city of New York, and a Branch Mint and As-
sayer's Office at San Francisco, in California.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, desired to know
from the Chair at what time the order was passed
making the territorial business the special order ?
The CHAIRMAN, in reply, stated the day on
which the order was made; but what day that was
the Reporter was unable to hear.
Mr. McLANE also desired to know at what
time the Mint bill was made the special order?
The CHAIRMAN replied, that both orders
were passed on the same day.
Mr. McLANE wished to inquire further, with
a view to a point of order, how those two orders
stood in point of precedence?
The CHAIRMAN replied, that in point of time
the Mint bill had precedence.
Mr. McLANE had then nothing more to say.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the business be-
fore the committee was the bill to establish cer-
tain Branch Mints, and that the pending question
was on the amendment offered by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] to strike from
the first section of the bill the words " a branch
of," so as to make the section read, "that the
Mint of the United States be established in the
city of New York," &c.
The question was taken on the amendment, and
it was not agreed to.
Mr. McCLERNAND inquired if there was any 1
amendment pending at this time ? i
The CHAIRMAN replied, that there was none
Mr. McCLERNAND moved that the commit-
, tee rise and report the bill to the House,
j Mr. BAYLY wished to offer a substitute.
The CHAIRMAN stated that he had misin-
formed the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. McCler-
; nand.1 and that there was a substitute now pend-
ing, offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
j [Mr. Chandler.] Itis as follows:
, An Act to establish a branch of the Mint of the United
States and assayer's office at San Francisco, in Caliior
nia, and to authorize deposits of bullion for coinage at
the Mints with the Assistant Treasurer of tiie United
States at New York.
Sec. 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
astembled, That a branch of the Mint of the United Stato
be established in San Francisco, California, for the coina ;o
of gold, silver, and copper; and for the purpose ofpurcha-.
ing a site, erecting suitable building?-, and completing Ills
necessary combinations of machinery for tiie said branch,
the sura of $300,000 is hereby appropriated, to be paid out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated
Sec. 2. And be itfurther enacted. That temporary build
ings shall be procured or erected immediately for earning
i on the business of said Branch Mint, and the following offi-
cers shall be appointed, upon the nomination of the Presi-
dent and with the advice and consent of the Senate, to
; wit: one superintendent, one treasurer, one assaj er, one
melter and refiner, and one coiner. And the said superin-
tendent shall engage and employ as many clerks and at
many subordinate workmen and servants as shall be provi-
: (led for by law; and the salaries of said officers and clerks
j shall be as follows : To the superintendent and to the treas-
I urer the sum of $5,000 each; to the assayer, to the melier
I and refiner, and to the coiner, the sum of $4,000 each; to
; the clerks the sum of$3,000 each ; to the subordinate work-
men, not exceeding twenty, such wages and allowances as
are customary and reasonable, according to their respective
stations and occupations. •
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That the officers and
clerks to be appointed under this act, before entering upon
the duties thereof, shall take an oath or affirmation before
some judge of the United States, faithfuily and diligently to
perform the duties thereof; and shall each become bound to
the United States of America, with one or more suretie.-,
to the satisfaction of the Director of the Mint and the Sec
retarv of the Treasury, with condition for the faithful and
diligent performance of the duties of their offices.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the general ill
rection oftbe business ofsaid branch of the Mint ofthe Uni-
ted States shall be under the control and regulation ofthe
Director of the Mint at Philadelphia, subject to the appro-
bation of the Secretary of the Treasury ; and, for that pur-
pose, it shall be the duty of the said Director to prescribe
such regulations and require such returns, periodically and
occasionally, as shall appear to hiui to be necessary for the
j purpose of carrying into effect the intention of this act in es-
! tablishing the said branch; also, for the purpose of discrim
inating the coin which shall be stamped at said branch
and at the Mint itself; and also, for the purpose of preserv-
ing uniformity of weight, form, and fineness in the coins
stamped at said branch ; and. for that purpose, to require
the transmission and delivery to him at the Mint, from time
to time, of such parcels of the coinage of said branch as he
shall think proper, to be subjected to such assays and tests
as he shall direct.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That all the laws and
parts of laws made for the regulation ofthe Mint ofthe Uni-
ted States, and for the government of the officers and per-
sons employed therein, and for the punishment of all offen-
ces connected with the Mint or coinage of the United States,
shall be, and the same are hereby, declared to be in full
force in relation to the branch of the Mint by this act estab •
lished, so far as the same shall be applicable thereto.
Sec. 6. Andbe it further enacted, That the said branch
Mint shall be the place of deposit for the public moneys col-
lected in the custom-house at San Francisco, and for sucb
other public moneys as ihe Secretary of the Treasury may
direct; and the Treasurer of said branch Vint shall have tiie
custody of the same, and shall perform the duties of an As-
sistant Treasurer, and for that purpose shall be subject to all
the provisions contained in an act entitled " An act to
provide for the better organization of the Treasury, and for
the collection, safe-keeping, transfer, and disbursement of
the public revenue," approved August the sixth, one thou-
sand eight hundred and forty-six, which relates to the
treasurer of the branch Mint at New Orleans.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the assayer ao-
thorized to be appointed by the ninth section of this art,
shall be appointed immediately; and shall perform such du-
ties in assaying and fixing the value of gold in grains or
lumps, and in forming the same into bars, as shall be pre-
scribed by the Secretary of the Treasury, either for individ-
uals, companies, or the Government; and the sum of
$500,000, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, be and the same is hereby appropriated for
defraying the expense of the said gold assay, for the fiscal
year ending the thirtieth of J une eighteen hundred and fifty-
one.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That it shall here-
after be lawful to make deposits of gold and silver bullion,
for coinage, with the Assistant Treasurer of the United
States, atNew York, who is hereby required to weigh ana
give receipt for such bullion in the manner and under the
regulations provided in the case of deposits at the Mint
with the Treasurer thereof.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the Director of
the Mint is hereby authorized and required, with the ap-
proval of the Secretary of the Treasury, to make sucn
arrangements, by contract or otherwise, as may
sary to secure the safe and speedy transmission of bullion
and coins between the assistant treasury aioresaid. and tne
Mint at Philadelphia: Provided That.the persons engaged
to transport sucb bullion shall, before being intrusted tner*
with, become bound to the United State*, with one or mof
