1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
419
Mr. STEVENS, (imperfectly heard.) As that
nmcndmem is m order, 1 desire lo say a few words
it,   i then I hope tha. the sense of the com-
mute* will b* tested withwit further delay. The
friends of the bill are, 1 believe, as anxious for a
vote as I am, and I trust, therefore, thai we shall,
without further del-w, test the sense of the commit-
tee as to whether we are to hare Mints established
both at Sou Francisco and at New York. We
h*ve alrmily four times as many Mints in the
I'mted States as any other Government that I ever
heard of on the face of the earth, and we hare four
times as m mv as we perhaps ought to have.
Now, we have heard a great deal about the
savin; of inoiiev in transportation. Who is to
save itJ Docs the Government save it ? We are
legislating for the Government. Is not bullion as
mu.-ha marketable article as the goods that are
sent frs->m New York to Philadelphia every day,
and are transported over the ftiilroad at the expense
of those who own them ' Now, the Government
has nothing to do with this. The Government is
to establish a Mint to coin the jo hi that is brought
there by individuals at their own expense, but the
Government is no way responsible for that ex-
pense, and ought to pay none of it.
Then, on the other hand, why is New York to
absorb everything? It is the policy of this Gov-
ernment to'keep down overgrown cities, at least
not to encourage them to absorb the whole coun-
trv. The great ditficultr in Prance is, that when
there is a revolution in Paris, there is a great revo-
lution in France. Now, I hope to see New \ ork
prow and flourish, but I want no hot-beds there to
f ve it unnatural advantages over other partsof the
nited States. If she has great natural advantages
which make her the commercial emporium of the
I'nited States, why cannot Philadelphia, or Bos-
ton, or New Orleans be the financial emporium,
and hare advantages to counterbalance them? 1
say, then, sir, that tht Government has nothing to
do' with the expenses which private individuals
may incurm transporting their bullion to the Mint.
It may cost the people who send the sold a little
more,"but it doesnot cost the people a dollar more
whether the Mint is in New York, San Francisco,
or Philadelphia. There is no tax upon the people.
Let the individuals who own the sold pay the ex-
pense of transporting it to Philadelphia.
I ask for tellers on the amendment.
Mr. BRIGGS said: I should not have risen to
address the committee in relation to the amend-
ment, did I not find that 1 am called upon to reply
to the unfair manner in which the question of a
New York Mint has been combated by gentle-
men opposed to it. I particularly allude to the
fact that the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Chasblsb,] on Friday last, in addressing the
House when the gentleman from New Jersey was
■peakin*, said that he held in his hand a tele-
graphic dispatch from the Director of the Mint, in
which the Director said that hereafter bullion
could and would be dispatched to Philadelphia,
coined, and returned to New York, within the
course of ten days. Sir, 1 do not hesitate to say
«t  t the Director of the Mint asserted in this state-
ment what he knew to be a deliberate falsehood.
I do not refer to the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, bat to the Director of the Mint. I say that
it is no sneh thine; and I think that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania cannot give any credit to such
a telegraphic dispatch. To send such a telegraphic
dispatch to a member of this body, is indicative
of a mean policy in the opposition that is being
offered to the passage of this bill. Such a dis-
patch, too, he must have known to be utterly
false, and is inexcusable as being sent to a member
of Congress desiring information. That gentle-
man would not dare to indorse the statement that
the Director has made, thai if a million of dollars
were received at the Philadelphia Mint from New
York, it could be coined and sent back to New
York in ten days. I hold a letter in my hand,
(not a telegraphic dispatch, but a letter that has
reached me in the ordinary manner,) that came to
hand this morning, in which the writer states
that he sent two lots of gold to the Philadel-
phia Mist on the 23d December for coinage,
and that up to this date he had heard nothing
more. An interval of foriy-two days had thus
elapsed since he had first dispatched the gold, and
it has not yet returned. And yet ten days, the
Director says, is the limit of delay.
Much opposition, 1 also find, is offered to this
bill, on the ground that, and for no other reason r
than that New York is an overgrown city. I  is
charged with being powerful. New York is charged j
with 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
York must confine his remarks to the subject of
the amendment.
Mr. BRIGGS, (in continuation.) I am opposed
to striking out, as proposed, the words " a Mint
in New York." The bill already provides a branch
in Son Francisco.
Mr. GORMAN understood that the amendment
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vens] was to strike out "New York " and insert
"Son Francisco."
The CHAIRMAN said that that was the de-
sign of the amendment.
Mr. KING, of New Jersey, inquired if there
was any provision for a Mint at San Francisco
in the original bill?
The CHAIRMAN stated that there was, in an-
other portion of the bill.
Tellers were dematuli'd and ordered on agreeing
to the amendment of the gentleman frsm Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Steven's,] and Messrs. Breck, and
Cable of Ohio, were appointed, and the question
being put, the tellers reported 64 ayes, and that
they disagreed as to the count.
A second count being taken, it resulted—ayes
79, noes 77. So the amendment was agreed to.
The question then recurred on the motion of the
gentlemin from Ohio, [Mr. Schevck,] to strike
out the first section of the bill.
On this question Mr. GORMAN demanded
tellers; which were ordered.
Mr. BAYLY said he believed that no speech
had been made against the motion to strike out.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the committee
had been addressed in opposition, and no further
remarks were therefore in order.
Mr. McCLERNAND desired to know what the
effect of the motion to strike out, should it prevail,
would lie—whether it would betobringthecommit-
tee to a direct concurrence on the vote to strike
out the previous amendment to strike out " New
York " and insert " San Francisco?"
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman can see
that as well as the Chair. [Laughter.]
Mr. BAYLY believed that the first section of
the bill was subject to amendment.
The CHAIRMAN stated that it was.
Mr. BAYLY wished therefore to move to re-
duce 
The CHAIRMAN stated that it was not in
order to move the amendment whilst the commit-
tee was dividing.
The question on the motion to strike out was
then taken by tellers, Messrs. Sawtelle, and
Brown of Mississippi, acting, and resulted—ayes
89, noes 34.
So the motion was agreed to.
Messrs. Strong and Batly desired to change
their votes.
Mr. McCLERNAND objected.
Mr. THOMPSON said: As the bill is now, to
all intents and purposes, dead, and can be of no
use to its friends, as it will not be in order to put the
names struck out in again, as a test question, I
now more that the committee rise and report the
bill, with a recommendation that it do not pass.
The CHAIRMAN stated that there were two
amendments pending to the bill, and they must
first be disposed of before the committee could rise
and report the bill.
Mr. SCHENCK obtained the floor, but gave
way to
Mr. BAYLY, who said that he believed his
substitute was now in order.
Mr. VINTON desired that before the question
was taken on the substitute, the original bill might
be read.
The Clerk then read the original bill.
Mr. STRONG moved to strike out the second
section of the bill, as follows:
Sec. 2. ~4nti be further enacted, That so soon as the
accessary building shall be erected for the purpose of well-
conducting the buniiie-w of the said branch, the following
nffi'-em shall be appointed, upon the nomination of the
Pre«ident, and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
viz: one superintendent, one treasurer, one assayer, one
melter and refiner, and one coiner. And the said superin-
tendent (hall engage and employ ax many clerks and as
many subordidate workman and servants as (hall be pro-
vided for by law, and the salaries of aaid office™ and clerks
•hall be u follows :
To the superintendent the sum of A3,500; to the treasure r
the sum of ?*9,,>00; to the assayer $9,000; to the melter nnd
refiner .§*3,000 ; to the coiner $*3,500; to two clerk* the sum
of ^1,900 each; to the subordinate workmen and servants,
not exceeding twenty in number, such wages and allow-
ances as are eustoinary and reasonable, according to their
respective stations and occupation.
Mr. S. demanded tellers on the question; which
were ordered,and Messrs. Strong and Venable
were appointed.
Mr. McCLERNAND inquired what was the
pending motion?
The CHAIRMAN stated that it was on motion
to strike out the second section of the bill.
Mr. McCLERNAND thought it would be well
for the friends of the bill to strike out the whole,
ns it would help them in the end.
The question on striking out the second section
was then taken by tellers, and resulted—ayes 72,
noes 69.
So the motion was agreed to.
The Clerk read the third section of the bill, as
follows: *
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the officers and
clerks to be appointed under tins act, before entering upon
Uie duties thereof, shall take on oath or affirmation before
some judge of the United States, faittilully and diligently to
perform the duties thereof; and shall each become bound
lo the United States ot Amenca, with one or more sureties,
to the satisfaction of the Director of the Mint and the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, with condition lor the faithful and
diligent performance of the duUes of their offices.
Mr. GORMAN moved to strike out the fourth,
fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth, ninth, tenth, and
eleventh sections of the bill, so as to leave on'y
the third section, and he asked for tellers on that
motion.
The sections were read, ns follows:
Stc. 4. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That the genera] di-
rection of the business of said branch of the Mint of tha
United States shall be under the control and regulation of
the Director of the Mint at Philadelphia, subject to the ap-
probauon of the Secretary of the Treasury; and, for that
puipose, it shall be the duty of the said Director to prescribe
such regulations and require such returns, periodically and
occasionally, as shall appear to him to be necessary for the
purpose of carrying into effect the intention of this act in
establishing the said branch; also for the purpose of dis-
criminating the coin which shall be stamped at said branch
and at the Mint itself; and also for the purpose of preserving
uniformity of weight, torm, and fineness in the coins stamped
at said brauch; and, for that purpose, to require the trans-
mission and delivery to him at the Mint, from time to time,
of such parcels of the coinage of said branch as he shall
think proper, to be subjected to such assays and tests as he
shall direct.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be tl further enacted, That all the laws
and parts of laws made for the regulation of the Mint of the
United States, and for the government of the officers and
persons employed therein, and for the punishment of all
offences connected with the Mint or coinage of the United
States, shall be, and the same are hereliyj declared to be
in full force in relation to the branch of tne Mint by this
act established, so tar as the same shall be applicable
thereto.
Sec. 6. ««n<f be it further enacted, That whenever the
treasurer named in the second section of this act shall be
appointed, all moneys, books and papers, in the hands of
the assistant treasurer in the city of New York, shall be
transferred to the trea-urer of the Branch Mint established
by this act; and said 1!ranch Mint shall thereafter be the
place of deposit for the public moneys, instead of the
rooms now used in the custom-house. And the treasurer
of the said Ilranch Mint shall be subject to all the provis-
ions contained in the act entitled " An act to provide for the
better organization of the Treasury, and for the collection,
safe keeping, transfer and disbursement of the public rev-
enue," approved August sixth, eighteen hundred and forty
six, whicn relate to the treasurer of the Branch Mint at
New Orleans.
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted, That this act shall not
go into effect so far as respects the Branch MmtatNewYork
until the State of New York shall, by some law or other
public act, pledge the faitb of the State, that no tax shall at
any time be laid, assessed, or collected by the said State, or
under the authorities of the said State, on the said Branch
Mint, or on the buildings which may be erected therefor, or
on the fiitures and machinery which may be used therein,
or on the lands on which the same may be placcd; but
nothing in this section contained shall be understood as im-
plying an admission that any such power of taxation right-
fully exists.
Sec. 8. Jlnd be it further enacted, That a branch of the
Mint of the United States be established in San Francisco,
California, for the coinage of gold and silver. And for the
pin-pose of purchasing a site, erecting a suitable building,
and completing the necessary combinations of machinery
for the said branch, the sum of three hundred thousand dol-
lars is hereby appropriated, to be paid out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Sec. 9. JIndbe it further enacted, That temporary build-
ings shall be procured or erected immediately for carrying
on the business of the said Branch Mint, and the following
officers shall beappoiuted, upon the nomination of the Pres-
ident, and with the advice and consent of the Senate, to
wit: one superintendent, one treasurer, one assayer, one
inciter and refiner, and one coiner. And the said superin-
tendent shall engage and employ as many clerks, and as
many subordinate workmen and servants, as shall be pro-
vided for by law; and the salaries of said officers and clerks
shall be as follows:
To the superintendent, and to the treasurer, the sun) of
