428
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 4,
section of the bill as reported by the committee.
It makes an appropriation of $50,000) and I am
afraid it will jeopard its passage in the other
House.
Mr. BERRIEN. The section which provides
for the appropriation was inserted, following the
precedents which had been established by Con-
gress in its territorial legislation. The Senator
from California, who of course feels particularly
interested in that country, believes it may affect
the passage of the bill in the other House. 1 ac-
quiesce in his wishes, and do not object to its
being struck out.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I have another amendment to
propose to this bill, and that is in regard to the
traveling expenses of the commissioners. I know
how very expensive it is in traveling in California,
and I propose to move an amendment in the 17th
section, 3d line, by adding after the words " per
annum" the words " twenty cents a mile for their
necessary traveling in the discharge of their du-
ties, provided the amount to be paid per annum
shall not exceed $2,000." I know it is very im-
portant to employ very able men to discharge the
duties which will be imposed on these commis-
sioners, and I am perfectly confident that if we do
not make the compensation such as will induce
able men to engage in it, we shall be in the same
situation as we have been in regard to our judges.
I also move an amendment with regard to the
secretary. In the 5th line of the same section,
after the words "per annum," I move to insert
" and the same amount for traveling expenses as
shall be allowed to the commissioners."
Mr. BERRIEN. As 1 drafted this bill origin-
ally, following the bills which were referred to the
committee, there was contained in it a provision
allowing traveling expenses. That question was
deliberately considered by the committee and the
provision was rejected. I apprehend the Senator
from California jeopards his bill more by this pro-
vision for traveling expenses than he would by
leaving in the bill the appropriation for carrying
it into execution, which, whether it be in or out,
everybody must see will be ultimately necesssary.
I do not understand, from the amendment which
is proposed by the Senator from California,
whether he means each of these commissioners
shall be allowed $2,000 for traveling expenses.
Mr. GWIN. Not to exceed that. Twenty
cents per mile, but not to exceed $2,000.
Mr. BERRIEN. The expression " not to ex-
ceed"! apprehend to be a very important one, and
it will be very sure to equal $2,000. The view of
the committee was, that it were better to give a
certain high salary, if you please, than to leave
anything to contingencies in this way. If the sal-
ary of $6,000 be not sufficient to obtain competent
persons to carry this bill into execution, the Sen-
ate would no doubt concur in raising it. I pre-
sume the object of the Senate is to give to the
people of California, for their sake and ior the sake
of the people of the United States also, competent
and efficient persons to act in this matter; and I
should apprehend that within the limits of the
United States, for $6,000 a year, competent persons
might be obtained. Certainly it is a much higher
compensation than has been paid to other com-
missions, which have heretofore been employed in
Louisiana, Florida, and Missouri; and though I
make no point on this subject, if that shall be the
desire of the Senate, yet I really believe the safest
course is to adhere to a fixed salary, and my con-
viction is that the salary of $6,000 fixed by the bill
is adequate.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
' Mr. WALKER. I wish to offer a very small
amendment; and, in doing so, I would very sin-
cerely ask the Committee on the Judiciary to con-
cur in it. The 15th section, as it now stands,
reads as follows:
" The decrees rendered by said Commissioner*;, or by the
District or Supreme Court of tlie United States, under this
act, shall be conclusive between the United States and the
said claimants only, and shall not affect the interests of third
persons."
I move to insert in the third line, between the
words "States" and "under," the words "or
any patent to be issued."
Mr. BERRIEN. Tfiat is a question which the
Senate has decided before, in declining to define
what should be the effect of the patent to be issued.
Mr. WALKER. The Committee on the Ju-
diciary and Senate will perceive I am pot inimical
to this bill. From the first timfe I read it, I thought
its system correct, and I have consequently stood
by it in most of its provisions. It is evident that
its design is to separate the lands of the United
States from those of private individuals. But, in
addition to that separation, which is the principal.
object of the bill, it declares in the thirteenth sec-
tion that the land in regard to which a decisjpn
shall be made against the individual, shall be held
and treated as the public land of the United States.
We evidently do not design to do anything more
than simply to relinquish in favor of the claimant ;
who establishes his right to the land. We do not
wish for a moment, as I understand it, to give
him any advantage which he does not possess in ]
right and justice, against any private individual I
; who may set up a claim to the same land. I know
i it is said that a patent will not operate as any-
thing more than a relinquishment on the part of
the United States. But others again have argued
differently, as the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Ewing,] the other day, and with great force, took ,
i the distinction between a mere relinquishment and
an ordinary patent.
In a patent, as 1 said the other day, we do at-
tempt to convey a title, and to vest it in an indi-
vidual grantee or patentee. But I doubt very much
i whether the United States courts will adopt the idea
which is here presented, that this is designed to be
nothing more than a relinquishment of title. And i
if the tribunal which we are authorizing to examine
! these claims comes to the conclusion that an indi-
vidual has a right which entitles him to a patent |
from the Government, it will make a great differ-
ence, unless we declare what is here designed. I
therefore have offered this amendment. The sec-
tion now reads:
" That the decrees rendered by the said Commissioners, or
by the District or Supreme Court of the United States, under
this act, shall be conclusive between the United States and
the said claimants only, and shall not atfect the interests of
third persons."
1 As it now is, it shows a further inconsistency,
and seems evidently to imply that we intend to
' make a distinction between the decisions of the
board of commissioners and those of the courts
and the patent; which is to be issued after such
decisions; and a strong inference may be drawn
against other claims if the commissioners shall
decide in favor of the particular claim presented. |
Mr. BALDWIN. I am in favor of the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Wisconsin. I ;
think it will make the bill conform to former acts j
of Congress with regard to land titles in the State
of Louisiana. I see by the act passed the 3d of '<
March, 1831, there was this proviso in the section
in regard to issuing patents to those who held
them, as between them and the United States. The
proviso is this:
" Provided, That the said decisions and surveys, and the
patents which may be issued in conformity thereto, shall
not, in anywise, be considered as precluding a legal inves-
tigation and decision by the proper judicial tribunal between
the parties to any such interfering claims, but shall only
operate as a relinquishment on the part of the United States
of all title to the land in question."
Under this proviso most of the decisions have
taken place with regard to the effect of a patent
upon the rights of individual claimants. Tne ad-
dition proposed can do no harm, certainly; and I
think it might do very much to promote not only
the public interests, but the interests of private
citizens who may have claims of this kind before
the tiibunals of the country.
Mr. WALKER. I thank the Senator from
Connecticut for introducing this precedent. I did
not look for it, not being aware of its existence.
! When I offered an amendment similar to this the
other day it was slightingly spoken of by some
Senators as evincing a disposition to do things un-
necessarily. There was a day gone by when
legislation was conducted more carefully than it
now is. But we see we have a precedent in those
days of carefulness for this very thing. I am glad
a precedent does exist, and I have at least the ex-
cuse of that precedent for the proposition which I
offer. Whenever we deviate from former legisla-
tion we ought to endeavor to deviate on the side
of progress. I hope the amendment will be adopted.
And as the Senator from Georgia has now an op-
portunity of seeing this precedent, I trust the Ju-
diciary Committee will acquiesce in its adoption.
Mr. BERRIEN. I am quite disposed to con-
form the provisions of this bill to the former legis-
lation of Congress; but it strikes me with some
surprise that the Senators from Wisconsin and
Connecticut should have considered this provision
of the act of 1836 as a precedent for the amend-
ment which they now advocate. The fifteenth
section of the substitute bill reported by the com-
mittee, relates to the final decision of the commis-
sioners, of the District Court, or of the Supreme
Court, upon the claims which shall be presented;
and it declares that these final decisions shall be
conclusive only between the United States and the
claimant. It is desired to annex to that a provision
that the patent which shall be issued on these de-
cisions snail only be conclusive between the United
States and the claimant, and shall not affect the in-
terests of third persons. The amendment of the
committee contains a provision that any third per-
son having a claim to property finally confirmed,
may present his claim, stay the emanation of a
patent, and may in the mean time resort to the
State tribunals and have his right adjudicated.
And yet, neglecting all this, if he sits with folded
arms and allows the patent to emanate, it is then
to be, according to the amendment of the Senator
from Wisconsin, nothing more than a relinquish-
ment of title on the part of the United States. And
this is founded, it is said, on a precedent established
in the Louisiana case. Now what was that? Has
( it any application to the provision under consid-
eration? Not the slightest.
1 The sixth section ofthe act of 1831, in relation to
Louisiana, provides that wherever there are claims
confirmed, the boundaries of which may be in
conflict, the register and receiver shall have the
power to settle those boundaries according to the
agreement between the parties if there has been
any; but if there has not been, they are to settle
them according to the principles of equity and jus-
; tice; and the surveyor general shall have the plats
surveyed accordingly.
The provision to which the Senators have re-
ferred is, that neither these decisions, nor those
surveys, nor the patent which may be issued upon
them, shall affect the interests of third persons, and
shall be conclusive only between the United
States and the claimant. But what is that provis-
ion ? There is a question of conflicting boundary
between confirmed claimants. The settlement of
boundary is to be effected by the register and re-
j ceiver, and their decision, and the patent which
' shall issue thereupon, shall be conclusive only be-
tween the United States and the claimant. But
that has not the least application to the antecedent
: decision made by the commissioners and the courts,
where there is no conflict of boundary, and such
other cases, which it is proposed to cover by the
amendment. Our safer course unquestionably is
confining ourselves to the establishment of a tri-
bunal, which shall ascertain what are private
claims, to leave to them to decide upon the facts as
to the validity of the claims which are presented.
Mr. WALKER. The last remark of the Sen-
ator Beems to be very correct, and taken in con-
nection with what was said the other day by the
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Divis,] I think
the committee ought to have stopped short. But
I do not complain. I think they ought to have
left out that clause which provides for the issue of
the patent.
Another section provides that the Government
shall treat lands to which a claim shall not be es-
tablished, or to which a claim shall not be pre-
ferred in two years, as part of the public domain
of the United States. That of itself separates it
, frbm the private domain without going further, as
the committee propose, and provide for the issuing
: of a patent; and now they refuse to say to what
' extent that patent shall be construed. I think
i that either this amendment ought to be adopted or
the clause which provides for the issue of a patent
should be stricken out.
The Senator tries to evade the force of the pre-
cedent referred to by the Senator from Connecti-
cut in regard to the Louisiana case. He says that
i that provision relates to a settlement of the bound-
aries of the claims in Louisiana. Is not that one
of the questions to be settled in California? Is it
not a part of the duty of this commissioner to es-
tablish the extent of these claims and to ascertain
where are their metes and bounds? That is evi-
dently one of their duties, and when they have
performed it and found out how much land ana
what land is the property of private individuals,
that is to be treated as private property.
