430
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 5,
the Senate to move to amend the amendment be-
fore the question is taken on agreeing to it?
The PRESIDENT. Certainly.
Mr. BALDWIN. Before the question is taken,
I wish to offer an amendment to the 10th section,
varying: somewhat from the amendment which
was offered by the Senator from Missouri, and
not adopted by the Senate. The section* now
reads:
"That the district court shall proceed Jto render judgment
upon the pleadings and evidence in the case, and upon such
further evidence as may be taken by order of the said court,
and shall, on application of the party against whom judg-
ment is rendered, grant an appeal to the Supreme Court of
the United States, on payment of such reasonable costs as
shall be allowed by the court, and on such security for costs
thereafter to accrue as the said court may prescribe."
I move to amend this section by striking out
the words " on payment of such reasonable costs
as shall be allowed by the court and," and also to
strike out the words " thereafter to accrue," and
to insert after the word " costs" the words " in
case the judgment of the district court shall be
affirmed;" bo that the section will provide that the
district court shall " grant an apppeal to the Su-
' preme Court of the United States, on such se-
' curity for costs, in case the judgment of the
' district court shall be affirmed, as said court shall
• prescribe."
Mr. UNDERWOOD. It is that very section
which I thought required an amendment, and
which induced me just now to ask a question of
the Chair. I think the amendment of the gentle-
man from Connecticut is very proper and ought
to be adopted, but I doubt very much whether it
goes far enough, and my object now is to make a
suggestion on the subject.
The bill of the committee, as it will stand with
this amendment, will provide that if a decision be
rendered against the claimant he may prosecute
the case by appeal to the Supreme Court of the
United States, on giving such security as may be
• prescribed by the district court. Suppose he is
unable to give security for the costs, what is to be
done then ? He cannot prosecute his case to the
Supreme Court, and I know of no provision in
the bill for bringing up the case by a writ of error.
I am inclined to think there ought to be a pro-
vision to bring up the case by a writ of error; for,
unless we make some provision on the subject,
there is danger of the bill operating so as to make
a poor man lose his claim in consequence of his
poverty, though it should be a just one. Now,
ought you not to allow the usual term of three or
five years, to bring up the case by a;, writ of error,
giving the party some little time to escape the
effects of his poor condition in prosecuting his
rights ? I had drawn up an amendment to that
effect, and I think the friends of the bill—and I
am entirely friendly to it—ought to give a party
against whom a decision is made a chance to
avoid the effects of his inability to give security
for costs. As the bill will be open to amendment
when it shall have been reported to the Senate,
and as my friend from California has given notice
that he will ask that all these amendments may be
printed, that Senators may see what they are, I
make these suggestions with the hope that some
of the gentlemen in charge of the bill may turn
their attention to the propriety of providing for a
writ of error. If no other gentleman will do it, ,
perhaps I will myself, at the proper time, offer an !
amendment for that purpose. I
Mr. BERRIEN. The question now before the j
Senate is upon the amendment moved by the Sen- ;
ator from Connecticut, the effect and operation of |
which is, that a party shall be allowed to enter an |
appeal from the decision of the district court with- i
out the payment of the costs which may have ac-
crued anterior to the judgment in that court. I
know there is great diversity of practice in the
courts of the different States, and gentlemen will
probably consider as just and proper that course
of practice to which they have been accustomed.
In some of the States appeals are permitted to be
entered without costs. In other States, where '
they are also a matter of right, they are required \
to be preceded by the payment of the costs which 1
have accrued. "Which of these two courses the ,1
Senate may be disposed to adopt in this case it ;.
will be for them to decide. But I think the Sen- ;
ate will not require that the officers of the district
court who have been entitled to costs during the 11
Pr°Srr°f l^e c.ause through the district court, * j
•nail be delayed in the receipt of their costs until ,i
the final decision of the case by the Supreme
Court.
I understand the practice to be variable in the
different States. In some cases costs are required
to be paid. In other cases they are not required.
In some States, where they are not required to be
paid, provision is made that the officers may pro-
ceed to collect their costs notwithstanding the
pendency of the appeal. Some provision of that
sort, therefore, ought to be made. The manner
in which it may be made is perfectly indifferent
to me. It is a matter of justice that the clerk and
the marshal, for example, in their district courts,
who become entitled to costs, should not be de-
layed in their receipt until some two, or three, or
four years, when the case may be decided in the
Supreme Court. Then, besides, if the amend-
ment of the Senator from Connecticut be adopted,
provision must be made somewhat to this effect:
that for all costs which may have accrued in the
district court execution may issue, notwithstand-
ing this other provision.
It is perfectly indifferent to me what course the
Senate may adopt on the subject, but I think they
will see the justice and propriety of providing that
those officers who earn their costs in the district
court shall not be kept out of them during the
pendency of the appeal.
Mr. BALDWIN. In the amendment now
offered to the Senate the words " thereafter to
accrue" are stricken out, so that the security re-
quired to be given is security for the payment of
all costs in the event of the judgment of the district
court being affirmed by the Supreme Court.
Mr. BERRIEN. Still that will have the effect
of keeping these officers of the district court out of
their money during the pendency of the appeal.
The question for the Senate to decide is, whether
that is right. If they decide that it is, then the
amendment will require to be amended by adding
something like this: " and such security for costs
as well in the district as in the Supreme Court as
said court shall prescribe."
Mr. UNDERWOOD. This amendment and
this bill will not have the effect of preventing the
officers of the court from collecting their fees
while appeals are pending. Certainly not, if the
system which I have in my view shall apply to
the regulation of the practice in California. I sup-
pose that there either is or will be a system by
which officers in California can collect their fees,
as well as officers everywhere else in the United
States. If a marshal or a clerk shall render ser-
vices for a litigant while a suit is pending, that
marshal or that clerk will not postpone the collec-
tion of his fees until the Supreme Court decides
the appeal; but he will have a right under the law
to claim payment for the services rendered from
the party in whose behalf the services were ren-
dered. Suppose A and B are the litigants; the
court decide against A; if A takes an appeal he
will suspend the collection of the costs which B is
entitled to recover by execution against him, until
the Supreme Court finally determines; and it
would not be right to let A pay B the costs until
it was finally settled that justice required he should
part with the money.
The effect is that he postpones the responsibility
to his adversary until the court of ultimate resort
has determined that justice requires he shall pay the
costs of the litigation. * It is a universal principle
when you allow an appellate court to revise the
proceedings of an inferior jurisdiction, and when
the jurisdiction attaches to the appellate court, giv-
ing to the suitor the benefit of taking his case before
a higher court, if the case is finally determined
against him, he is made responsible to his adver-
saries. In the mean time he pays every officer of
the court that renders service for him, and so does
his adversary; but this taxation ultimately falls
upon the unsuccessful party after the case shall
have been finally decided. That is the course it
ought to take, and that will be the case if you
adopt the amendment of the Senator from Con-
necticut. I can see no objection to the amend-
ment, and hope it will be adopted.
The amendment to the amendment was then
agreed to.
Mr. BERRIEN. I move now to amend the
section by inserting after the word • costs " in the
District and Supreme Court," so as to provide
that the party taking an appeal shall give security
for costs in both those courts.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The amendment of the Judiciary Committee as
amended was then agreed to, and the bill was re-
ported to the Senate as amended.
On motion by Mr. GWIN, the bill was ordered
to be printed as it had been amended in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 5, 1851.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. The Jour-
nal of yesterday was read and approved.
OBSTRUCTIONS IN THE SAVANNAH RIVER.
Mr. JACKSON, of Georgia, said that he was
desirous of submitting a motion of very great im-
portance to his constituents in the city of Savan-
nah. He should have made the motion on Mon-
day last, but the mournful ceremonies of that day
prevented it. He asked the unanimous consent of
the House to submit a resolution to make Senate
bill providing for the removal of obstructions in
the Savannah river, the special order for a day
certain.
Mr. THOMAS objected.
The SPEAKER said, objection bling made, the
resolution cannot be introduced.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
By unanimous consent, motions were made and
leave granted for the withdrawal from the files of
the House of the following petitions and papers,
for the purpose of reference to the Executive De-
partments, viz:
By Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi: The
petition and papers of Joseph Williams.
By Mr. LITTLEFIELD: The petition and
papers of Benjamin Rowe.
By Mr. BROOKS: The petition and papers of
H. M. Salmon.
By Mr. EWING: The petition and papers of
L. P. Cheatham.
By Mr. CORWIN: The petition and papers of
Jonathan Bean.
By Mr. ANDREWS: The petition and papers
of Captain William Easby and Lewis Hastings.
By Mr. BROWN, of Indiana: The petition and
papers of Stoughton H. Fletcher.
By Mr. NEWELL: The petition and papers
of John M. White.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, asked the unanimous
consent of the House to present the memorial of
the President and Directors of the Memphis and
Charleston Railroad Company, asking for a grant
of public land to aid in the construction of said
road.
Mr. C. said he knew that he could present the
memorial under the rule, but his object in wishing
to present it in this manner was to ask the House
to nave it printed for the information of members.
Mr. SAWTELLE objected.
BRANCH MINT BILL.
The SPEAKER stated that the regular order of
business was the consideration of the report made
by the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union yesterday on the Branch Mint bill,and
that the pending question was on seconding the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. BURT hoped that, by unanimous consent,
the call of committees for reports would be allowed
for one hour.
Mr. GRINNELL objected.
Mr. BAYLY moved that there be a call of the
House.
Mr. JONES called for the yeas and nays on
that motion, remarking that it would do as well as
a call of the House.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and the ques-
tion being taken, it was decided in the negative—
yeas 71, nays 107.
So a call of the House was refused.
The question recurred on seconding the demand
for the previous auestion.
The SPEAKER said that the Chair was in-
formed that his reply to an inquiryput to him on
yesterday with reference to the effect of the pre-
vious question had been misunderstood. He would
therefore repeat, that the effect of the previous
question would be to bring the House first to a vote
upon the amendment—in the form of a substitute
for the original bill—reported by the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union; and, second,
upon ordering the bill to a third reading, (it being
a Senate bill.)
