THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $150 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Coxgress, -.2d Sessiov.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1851.
New Series No. 28.
have invariably been strongly against any such re-
striction. 1 hope these [mpers will come before
the House for their consideration, and that the
House will not pass this lull until these papers,
whirh contain all the information we can get upon
the subject, have been submitted. The War De-
partment, tvs ! understand it, are strongly against
any such provision as this bill contains. Wliv,
tiin lull proposes to cut down the military reser-
vations ;it Fort SneUmi; to less than half its present
extent, and that tiie balance shall be open to pre-
emption, in the smie manner that other public
lands now are, at a dollar and a quarter an acre.
Now, I think, before we pass this bill, we ought
to wa.t at least until we hear from the War De-
partment: for, as it now stands, we cannot tell
what we are doing. We might as well sell out
Fort Snelliiur, which is one of the most important
military stations on this continent, at once. We
are cutting down the frontier line of one of the
most important military stations in the country,
without consulting the War Department, or with-
out any definite knowledge of the injury we are
inflicting upon th it station, which is so essential
in guarding the Indian frontier. Now, I am will-
ing that any lands, which are not needed by that
station, should be cut oft" and go into the public
market. But you cannot tell where this line may
be drawn. It may he, for aught we know, within
one hundred feet of the Fort. Now, I ask that,
before this bill is put upon its passage, it shall be
referred to a committee, in order that we may have
the information which we need to vote understand-
ing^ on it.
Mr. SIBLEY. I wish to occupy the attention
of the committee only for a moment. The House
seems no! to have examined this matter verv care-
fully, but the Committee on Public Lands did ex-
amine it. It has passed the ordeal of two com-
mittees ia the Senate, the Committee on Territo-
ries and the Committee on Public Lands. They
took the trouble to procure information from the
War Department and from the Land Office. That
being done, the whole thing has been carefully
considered by them, and it has passed through, as
I said before, the ordeal of two committees in the
Senate. The Senate passed the bill unanimously.
Now, sir, :n this state of things, I would ask the
House not to send it back to the Committee on
Pabhc Lands. The members of this committee
present, with the exception of one individual, after
having examined the whole subject, are desirous
that it should be put upon its passage. The
chairman of the Committee on Public Lands gets
up and states here that his own committee hare
acted without due caution, and that the public in-
terests of the country are likely to suffer in conse-
quence. I ask that the bill may be read.
Mr. VINTON. When the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Thcrmax] proposed to put this
bill upon its passage, I called for the reading of
the bill. 1 object to the discussion of the bill
without knowing what it is. I ask, therefore,
that the bill be read before we proceed further.
The bill was then read.
Mr. SIBLEY (who was almost inaudible to the
Reporter) said: I wish to state very briefly, for
the information of the House, a few facts in rela-
tion to this case. In 1805, Lieutenant Pike, under
the order of the President of the Lrnited States,
went up into this tract of countnr, now known as
the Minnesota Territory, and effected a purchase
of this reservation from the Indians; and since
that time the reservation has been unoccupied, ex-
cept by a very few individuals that have settled
upon it by the permission and sanction of the War
Department, or of the commanding officer of Fort
Hnelling.
This military reservation is nine miles square,
and embraces some fifty thousand acres of land, ,
which is situated along the most populous portions |
of our Territory. The reservation is under mili- '
tary jurisdiction, and therefore the settlements
cannot lie extended upon it. The post is not very
far from the centre of this reservation. Under all
the circumstances of the case, after every precau-
tion ha* been taken to obtain the necessary in-
28
formation from the Departments of War and of
the Interior by the Committees on the Territories
i and Public Lands of the Senate, and after it has,
moreover, been investigated by the Committee on
Public Lands of this House, and after it has con-
curred in this bill, I think that it may safely be
passed. I have, myself, in accordance with the
wishes of the committee, addressed a letter to the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, and
another to the Secretary of War, asking for all
the information that coutd be afforded, in order to
ascertain how the public interests could be best
consulted. I have received in reply a communi-
cation from the Commissioner of the'GeneralLand
Office, that I wish the Clerk to read. The Secre-
tary of War has not yet answered my letter, but
the chairman of the Committee on Public Lands
in the Senate, informs me that the Departments
have furnished that committee with all the docu-
ments, and that the whole case has been exam-
ined minutely, before the Senate took any action
upon it.
Mr. BOWLIN was understood to ask whether
the War Department had sanctioned the proposi-
tion?
Mr. SIBLEY stated that the Secretary of War
had not given him any intimation of the wishes or
views of the Department in relation to the subject,
although he had addressed a letter to that gentle-
man.
Mr. BOWLIN made a remark entirely inaudi-
ble to the Reporter.
Mr. SIBLEY said: I wish to state a further
fact in relation to the manner in which this propo-
sition has been advanced. I attended the sittings
of the committee of the House and afforded all the
information in my power. I believe this bill to be
one of vital importance to the interests of the Min-
nesota Territory, for it legislates for fifty thousand
acres of land in the very heart of that Territory,
and throws it open to public sale. This bill pro-
poses that one mils square shall be secured to the
military post, which appears ample, as it not
only includes the post and all the buildings and
enclosures attached to it, but a large area be-
sides, that will probably never be needed for the
wants of the garrison. I have received letterafter
letter, and numerous memorials from my con-
stituents, which have been presented in the Senate
and House, and I have been also requested by
the Legislature of the Territory to use all the efforts
in my power to reduce the limits of this reserva-
tion. Indeed, so far as the interests of the Terri-
tory are concerned, it would be better that the
military post be removed to-morrow, than to per-
mit the tract included in the present reservation to
remain in its present condition.
Mr. WENTWORTH wished to inquire of the
gentleman from Minnesota, whether it was pro-
posed that any one individual should come in and
take these lands at a dollar and a quarter an acre.'
Mr. SIBLEY replied, that the bill would cover i
the cases of certain individuals who had gone
upon these lands, with the permission and sane- j
tion of the officer in command of the fort, or of I
the War Department, and who had built there |
and made improvements. He thought that it '
would be unjust for the Government to allow these ,
individuals to go there and make the land valua- 1
ble, and then take it away from them, and sell the 1
improvements for its own benefit. j
Mr. WENTWORTH said that it was unfair I
that the Government should grant preemption J
rights to those whom the officers of the military S
post had allowed to settle on the land, to the ex- !
elusion of others.
Mr. SIBLEY was understood to say, that there
never had been a preemption law passed by Con-
gress, which did not to some extent operate un-
equally, in securing to some individuals locations
more valuable than those of others who were ad-
mitted to the same right. But he begged leave to
say, that the bill now before the committee was
not the bill which he drew up, and which was in-
troduced in the Senate, and he was not responsi-
ble, therefore, for all its provisions.
Mr. WENTWORTH wished to inquire of the
gentleman, if it had not always been the custom
when military reservations have been sold, to put
them up and sell them to the highest bidder?
Mr. SIBLEY, in reply, desired that the com-
munication he had received from the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office might be read
by the Clerk.
GkkeralI.ind Office, February 1, 1851.
Hir : ( huve the honor to acknowledge the receipt of
your communication of yesterday, inquiring whether the
provisions of the '•' bill to reduce and define the boundaries
, ' of the Military Reserve at St. Peter's, and to secure the
' rights of the actual settlers thereon,' are not in accordance
' in every respect with existing laws, or with U>ose laws
' which have been enacted heretofore in cases similer to the
* one in question."
In answer I have to state, that on a careful examination
of a copy of that bill as it passed the Senate, I consider it
as carrying out the principles and practice which have
heretofore obtained in analogous cases; the amendments
necessary for that purpose having been furnished by this of-
fice at the request of the Committee on Public Lands of the
Senate, and adopted by them and the Senate before the
passage of the bill.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. BUTTERFIELD, Comminuiur.
Hon. H. H. Sibley, House of Representatives.
Mr. WENTWORTH would also like to ask
the gentleman if it was not the custom to have
these military reservations sold under the direction
of the War Department? In his (Mr. W.'s) sec-
tion of the country it had always been so. If he
! was rightly informed, there were hundreds of peo-
i pie in the military of Minnesota who wished to
buy these lands,and who would bid very high for
them, but who would be excluded if preemption
rights were granted to those who had been per-
mitted, by the military authorities at the Fort, to
go in and settle on the land to the exclusion of
other citizens.
Mr. SIBLEY was understood to say that the
gentleman from Illinois spoke of what he had
heard, and could know nothing personally of the
matter but he (Mr. S.) from his own knowledge
of facts. The people of Minnesota were very
t anxious to have the reservation opened to settle-
< ment, but there exists no disposition on their part
to injure any man who has equitable claims in the
country. The bill before the House has imper-
fections, but it is now in the only shape in which
11 it could pass the Senate; and the proposed measure
of curtailing the limits of the present reserve was
! of such paramount importance, that he (Mr. S.)
j would not peril the bill by offering amendments,
so as to make it conform to thatdrawn in the first
instance by himself. He would remark, however,
I that a few persons only, perhaps ten or twelve,
' would be included in the provisions of the bill now
before the House. He did not believe that of the
fifty thousand acres enclosed in the reservation,
more than twelve hundred acres were settled by
the persons who would be entitled to preemption
rights under this bill. He (Mr. S.) was willing
to admit that his own home was on this reserva-
tion, but he asked no favors from the Government
which were not granted to others similarly situa-
ted. He could not, however, conceive what more
equitable principle could govern this Government
in selling these lands, than to grant a preemption
right to those persons who had been permitted by
the Department to locate on and improve the lands
as bona fide settlers.
Mr. HALL wished to ask the gentleman a ques-
tion. He understood the gentleman to say, tha\
in his opinion the military post at Fort Snelling
was comparatively unnecessary, and he presumed
that the gentleman was correct. He wished now
to ask the gentleman if the object he had in view
would not be better attained by the passage of a
bill abolishingthe military post at Fort Snelling?
Mr. SIBLEY replied that that was a matter
altogether left to the judgment of the Department,
and not subject to the decision of the House. He
wished to add a few remarks in reference to the
persons that would be affected by the passage of
the bill as proposed. As he had said, only a few
persons would be directly interested in the matter.
The bill did not come to the House in the
form in which he (Mr. S.) had presented it to the
Senate. The bill originally would have covered a
