434
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 5,
much larger class of claims than this bill, but not
all of those now included. The Territorial Legis-
lature had requested him to endeavor to have a
law passed by Congress which would protect those
persons, who, having gone on the land with the
permission of the military authorities, had subse-
quently been driven from that reservation by the
action of the military. That class of claimants
deserve to be protected in their rights, and it is a
hardship that they are not. The bill, as drawn
up, would have embraced a much larger class of
claims, therefore, than the bill under discussion.
But the Senate committee refused to consent to it,
and he (Mr. S.) had necessarily yielded the point.
As there appeared to be some doubt in the minds
of the members of the committee as to this matter,
and as it was not his wish that the House should
act on the bill without due precaution, he would
move that it be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BURT. I am sorry to be obliged to think
it proper that I should say a word in reference to
this matter, in behalf of the War Department. I
confess my surprise that this bill should have come
from the Committee on Public Lands. The House
will see at once that before it passes that bill, it
must determine either that the military post at Fort
Snellingis unnecessary, or that the committee shall
prescribe to that post the limits which it shall have.
Now, whilst I have very great respect for the opinion
of the gentleman from Minnesota, in all cases what-
ever, I must beg leave to decline recognizing his
opinion, in the absence of any intimation from the
Secretary of War, as sufficient authority that the
post of Fort Snelling is unnecessary.
The Committee on Military Affairs have heard
nothing of this matter whatever, and I trust that
the House will not do what I conceive to be so in-
discreet a thing as to contract the limits of this post
to the boundaries prescribed by the bill now under
consideration.
Sir, I know that many of these frontier posts
require much wider limits than this bill will allow
to the post of Fort Snelling. I trust that the
House will not in this way proceed in a matter of
so much importance as to break up this military
post in defiance of any opinion and action of the
War Department.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, (Mr. Burt yielding
the floor,) said: I know, Mr. Speaker, that I have
the reputation of being venr liberal with the pub-
lic lands. [Laughter.] But in this instance I
must inform the House that I was opposed to this
bill in the form in which it passed the Committee
on Public Lands. I endeavored, sir, to have it
amended in such a manner asl believe would have
rendered it acceptable to this House. Failing
in that, I promised the committee then that I
would oppose the bill at the proper time. As the
gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Sibley] now pro-
poses to refer it to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, where it can be fully dis-
cussed, and all the points embraced in it can be
brought out, 1 will not now resist it; but I am, at
this time, opposed to the bill in the shapein which
it comes from the committee.
Mr. ALBERTSON (Mr. Burt again yielding
the floor) said: I wish to ask the gentleman from
Alabama what portion of the bill he objected to
in committee? I wish him to say whether he was
not willing to consent that the bill should be re-
ported, provided that a very slight alteration was
made in it
Mr. COBB. It was a very material alteration.
I did consent that the bill might be reported if
amended in a particular way, but that amendment
I held to be a very important one, and when it
shall be so amended I hold that the House ought
to pass the bill.
Mr. ALBERTSON. Will the gentleman state
what that amendment was ?
Mr. COBB. The bill proposes to give five or
six men at Fort Snelling preemption rights over
and above every other American citizen, before
the land is surveyed and brought into the market.
This is apoint which I cannot go for, and it seems
to me to be a very important one.
Mr. BURT. I desire simply to say a word
upon another point involved in tnis bill. I know
that the gentleman from Minnesota, [Mr. Sibley,]
"with the frankness and candor characteristic of
him, will admit to this House that the lands which
they propose to take under this bill are of immense
value. They are of infinitely greater valu# than
the other lands of Minnesota, and have been ren-
dered so by the military post at Fort Snelling, by
the buildings on and the improvements made about
the post. That is the case in referenee to all lands
about military posts on the frontiers.
Mr. SIBLEY (interposing) said it was true that
those lands were valuable from their being trav-
ersed by two rivers, the Mississippi and Minne-
sota, but the value which had been given to them
was enhanced by the public improvements, as well
as of settlements which had been made by indi-
viduals who had been allowed io go in there.
Mr. BURT. I am induced to take some inter-
est in this question from the experience which I
have had as a member of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, arising out of similar applications in
this northwestern country. I trust that this House
will see by what authority individuals have set-
tled upon this military reserve before they give
them advantages over others; and, so far as I can
judge of this proposition, I think it eminently ne-
cessary that the Secretary of War should be con-
sulted whether these lands should be sold at all;
and if they should be sold that they should be sold
to the highest bidder. I think it is my duty to
move, therefore, the reference of the bill to the
Committee on Military Affairs, that it may under-
go the necessary and proper scrutiny, which it
cannot receive in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. VINTON. I h(n>e that this motion will
prevail; for the matter of abolishing or restricting
any military post is certainly a more appropriate
subject for the investigation of the Committee on
Mintary Affairs, and should be referred to it rather
than to the Committee on Public Lands or to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of theUnion.
It comes here without even the recommendation
of the War Department, and the next thing we
shall hear from that Department will be, that it is
necessary to buy back these same lands from those
preemptionists at a very high price. Now, I pre-
sume that those who have settled within the limits
of this reserve, have settled there under the per-
mission ofthe officers in command, either as traders
or something of that description, who, I presume,
have already acquired the advantages of which
others are deprived; and if so, I know of no reason
why they should have a preemption right in addi-
tion to the advantages which they have already
derived as traders, or in some such occupation. I
think, with my friend from South Carolina, that
these lands should be put up at auction and sold
to the highest bidder; and I hope that this bill will
go to the Committee on Military Affairs. I move
the previous question.
Mr. SIBLEY (Mr. Vinton having withdrawn
the previous question) said, that he had proposed
a reference of this bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union; but that, as the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
was disposed to meet the question fairly, and as
he (Mr. S.) was desirous that every light should
be thrown upon the matter before the House was
called to act upon it, he would move to refer the
bill to the Committee on Military Affairs. He
wished nothing done in reference to this subject
which would not bear the strictest scrutiny.
Mr. BOWLIN withdrew his motion for the
reference of the bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The question being taken on Mr. Sibley's mo-
tion, it was decided in the affirmative.
So the bill was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
PUBLIC LANDS TO MINESOTA.
Mr. YOUNG, from the Committee on Public '
Lands, reported back, without amendment, Senate
bill entitled "An act for the benefit of the Terri-
tory of Minnesota," and moved its reference to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. BOWLIN raised the question of order, that
this bill did not properly come under the head of
"territorial business." He held that, to be in
order for consideration at this time, a bill must
relate exclusively to territorial business; whereas,
this bill was to grant alternate sections of the pub-
lic lands to aid in the construction of a road
through Minnesota and the State </ Iowa.
The SPEAKER said, that in the opinion of the
Chair, if the bill included other matters than that
which belonged to the Territory, it was not in ,
order. The Chair would state to the House that
three days being set apart exclusively for territo-
rial business, in his opinion it would not be in
order to amend any bill reported for the benefit of
a Territory by including in it provisions for the
benefit ot' a State.
I Mr. YOUNG remarked, that at the time he re-
| ported the bill, he did not recollect that the road
; was to pass through a small portion of the State
of Iowa.
The SPEAKER said, that as objection was
made, the bill could not be considered as territorial
business.
| Mr. BOYD moved that the rules be suspended
and the House resolve itself into Committee ofthe
| Whole on the state of the Union.
I Mr. MORRIS moved that the House do now
1 adjourn.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to adjourn, by a vote of 53 ayes to 69 noes.
The question then recurred on Mr. Boyd's
motion.
Mr. BOYD withdrew the motion for a moment,
to enable
Mr. FITCH to report a bill from the Committee
on Territories, granting compensation to the agent
appointed by the people of Utah to convey to Con-
gress their memorial praying for a State or Terri-
torial government; which was read twice and re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. BOYD then renewed his motion, and the
question being taken thereon, it was decided in
the affirmative—ayes 70, noes not counted.
The House accordingly resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Thompson, of Mississippi, in the chair.)
Mr. BOYD moved that the committee take up
the territorial business in the order in which it
stands on the calendar.
COLLECTION DISTRICT IN MINNESOTA.
The Clerk then read the bill to establish a new
collection district in the Territory of Minnesota,
and for other purposes.
Mr. JONES rose to a question of order. His
question of order was, that the bill the Clerk had
just read was not strictly in relation to territorial
business. The committee, he believed, must con-
fine itself to territorial business.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the bill certainly
was of a general character, but it was evidently
intended to have been considered with the terri-
torial business.
Mr. JONES submitted that, being a general bill,
the committee could not take it up.
The CHAIRMAN said that the committee
must confine itself exclusively to territorial bills.
This was not a territorial bill. It leads off at a
certain point, and concludes by covering the whole
country. The Chair was therefore compelled to
decide it to be out of order.
Mr. SIBLEY moved that the committee take up
Senate bill 430.
SCHOOL LANDS IN OREGON AND MINNESOTA.
The Clerk then read the bill, as follows.
A BILL to authorize the Legislative Assemblies of Oregon
and Minnesota, to take charge of the school lands in said
Territories and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Howe of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress atsetabied,
That the Governors and Legislative Assemblies of the Ter-
ritories of Oregon and Minnesota be, and they are hereby,
authorized to make such laws and needful regulations
as they shall deem most expedient, to protect from injury
and waste sections numbered sixteen and thirty-six in said
Territories, reserved in each township for the support of
schools therein, and to provide by law for leasing the same
for any term not exceeding four years at any one time, io
such manner as to render them productive, and most con-
ducive to the objects for which they were designed.
Ssc. 9. jlnd be it further enacted, That whenever it
shall be made to appear t« the satisfaction of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office that a bona fide settle-
ment has been made on sections numbered sixteen and
thirty-six of said lands so reserved as aforesaid, before saio
lands were or may hereafter be surveyed, upon the apwica-
tion of the owner of such settlement to the officers of tne
land office in which said lands are or may hereafter be sit-
uated, there shall be, and is hereby granted to such ioiut
fid* settler the right to enter a portion of said reserved lands
upon which said settlement is or may be located, by legal
subdivisions, not exceeding one hundred and sixty *c™®'
at the minimum price of the public lands, and in lien
thereof, there shall be, and there is hereby granted to tne
said Territories of Oregon and Minnesota, a quantity eq
in acres and in value to the amount so entered as aforesaia,
to be selected by the authorized agents of said Temtones,
under the direction of the Commissioner of the Genww
hand Office, from any lands in the same township, or in  e
township next adjoining renaming unsold, which said —
