1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
485
lected lands shall be considered as part and parcel of the
school lands already reserved from sale by law in said Ter |
ritories.
Sec. 3. Jlni ie it further enacted, That the Secretary
of the Interior be, and be is hereby, authorized and directed
to set apart and reserve from sale out of any of the public |
lands within the Territory of Minnesota, to which the In- '
dian title has been or may be extinguished, and not other- ]
wise appropriated, a quantity of land not exceeding two en- >
tire townships, for the use and sapport of a University in
said Territory, and for no other use or purpose whatsoever:
to be located by legal subdivisions of not less than one en-
lire section. 1
Mr. BOYD said that the bill proposed to do |
nothing more than what had been granted to other I
Territories; it was well guarded in all respects,
and he hoped, therefore, that the committee would
lay it aside to be reported to the House, with the
recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. VINTON moved to strike out all in the
bill that proposed to give the right of preemp-
tion to settlers on the school lands. The gentle-
man from Kentucky was altogether mistaken in ■
asserting that the bill proposed to grant nothing
more than had been granted to all other Territo-
ries. The provision ne wished to be stricken out
•was not one that had been usually granted.
The Clerk then read the clause that the gentle- i
man from Ohio (Mr. Vinton] proposed to strike i
out, which was the second section of the bill.
Mr. VINTON said: I believe, Mr. Chairman, j
that this provision in the bill is one that involves a
principle that ought not to receive the countenance
of this committee. This provision proposes to
confer upon the settler upon the school lands in
Minnesota and Oregon a preemption right, and
forcing the township to go for its land elsewhere.
Suppose this principle were adopted and sanc-
tioned all over the United States, it would be to
counteract the express intention of Congress. The
sixteenth section of every township is set apart j
for school lands, because it was originally the in- |
tention of Congress to give the very best land, |
the most valuable in the township; and therefore 1
this section—the sixteenth section—or the centre
section of the township, was selected.
Now, sir, the man who goes and squats upon
the centre of a township, where the village or
town is likely to grow up, gets hold of the best
piece of land in the township, and by this bill he
can appropriate it to himself for the paltry sum of
one dollar and a quarter per acre, and thus push
the township or school-fund over into some o'her
section, or portion of a section, in lieu of that
which the squatter has appropriated to himself.
Sir, I do not understand this language of "a
Dona JUe settler on the school-lands." There can
be no such thing as "a bona Jide Settler on the
school-lands." They have no right to go there.
They have no right to be there. The law pro-
hibits them from going on the school-lands.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, (interposing,)
was understood to remark that the States had suf-
fered the same inconvenience. There was no rea-
«fon that there should be a departure from the law
for the benefit of these Territories.
Mr. SIBLEY said that it was well known to
the committee, that every preemption law for the
benefit of settlers on the public domain, had in
view its occupation on the same principles em-
braced in the second section of the till now under
discussion. The settler improved and enhanced
the value of those lands upon which he located
himself, and he alone was entitled to benefit thereby.
These laws were framed upon a just and equitable
principle, that of securing to every pioneer the
fruits of his own labor. There is no reason why
such as have accidentally become the occupants of
what subsequently proves to be a school section,
should not be protected in the same manner. If
they are not allowed the same rights with other
bona fide settlers, a great wrong will be perpetrated
upon them, and no man would feel safe in bestow-
ing his labor upon any unsurveyed land, through
fear of finding himself on a school section, and
being deprived thereby of his improvements and
homestead.
Mr. VINTON said that there might be ex-
ceptions, but that under the old preemption laws,
no preemption right could be given to settlers who
had gone on the public lands in advance of the
survey, and of the extinguishment of the Indian
titles. Now, under the provisions of the bill, a
man could go out into the Indian country and
squat on the public lands there, in violation of the
law of the land, and deprive the school-fund of
their land. At all events, (he said,) the principle
was a bad one, and he hoped it would not be
sanctioned by the committee.
Mr. SIBLEY thought that the matter only af-
fected the school-funds, and that if the people of
the Territory interested were willing to give, and
indeed urged the granting of a preemption right
to those who have unknowingly settled on the
school lands, it appeared to him that they were
the proper authority to give an opinion as to
whether the preemption right should be granted or
not. He ventured to assert that no man in the
Territory would object to that provision of the
bill, for while it secured the settler in the possession
of his rights, it also provided that the Territory
should receive the same number of acres, equal
in quality to that granted to him.
Mr. HALL (interposing) said that he under-
stood the preemption law to be, that no man who
settled on the unsurveyed public lands, should be
entitled to a preemption. It confined the right ex-
clusively to those who settled upon land that had
been surveyed; so that an individual who settled
on unsurveyed land had no preemption right
when it was surveyed. Now, by this bill, if a
man happened to fall on section sixteen,he would
get a preemption right, whereas if he happened to
fall on any other section, he would have no such
right.
Mr. SIBLEY (interposing') asked the gentleman I
from Missouri if he, a Western man, did not
know that every man who settled and made im-
provements on unsurveyed lands, was secured by
the usages of the country in the possession of his
land at Government price, when it came into mar-
ket, as he should be ?
Mr. HALL said that the gentleman had mis-
understood him. He was not saying what it ought
to be. He was only stating the fact, that the law
gives no preemption to the settler on the unsur-
veyed lands.
Mr. SIBLEY remarked that it did not, accord-
ing to existing laws, but the gentleman knew that
every man who settled en the unsurveyed lands
had virtually a preemption. No man dare dispute
his right.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, said that not
being acquainted with these laws, he should like j
to ask the gentleman why they dare not do it? j
Was there any law which prohibited it ?
Mr. SIBLEY said that there was no law of the
j United States, but there was "a higher law,"
' [great laughter,] and that was the settler's "higher
law" of the West, in all matters which involved !
the homestead and dearest rights of men. And as
I such it was recognized by Congress, when from
time to time laws were passed by that body to
effect the same object, by granting preemption j
j rights to actual occupants of the soil. |
■ Mr. MATTESON said that he believed this bill ;
had not been printed, and he would suggest that
the committee now rise, so as to enable members
j to understand the bill better.
Mr. HARALSON said that it was evident the ,
bill was not properly understood, and in order that
gentlemen might have an opportunity of examin-
ing it, and as it was now late (being half past |
j three o'clock) he would move that the committee
j rise.
j Mr. SIBLEY was willing that no more time
should be spent on this bill, and he would move
that it be reported to the House. ;
Mr. BOWLIN (doubtfully heard) said: I wish
to state to the committee that this bill involves a
principle which is utterly at war with the whole !
land system. It gives preemption rights upon the j
public lands before they are surveyed, which the
general preemption laws of this country do not 1
tolerate. I wish to call the attention of gentlemen ;
to the fact, that the subject-matter of this bill had
been before the Committee on Public Lands,
and had been rejected by that committee, which is
supposed to be well informed upon matters rela-
ting to the public lands, and fully competent to '
decide upon them. Now, sir, the first section of i
the bill authorizes the territorial government of
Minnesota to take charge and care of the school
sections of land and preserve them from trespass.
To that I am not opposed. But what I am op-
posed to is, that it authorizes the Territorial Legis-
lature to lease these lands for four years. Now,
it is well known that magnificent timber grows
throughout the southern part of Minnesota, and ,
if this timber was cut down and sold in the mar- 1
ket, there would be nothing left for the school
fund. Yet that would be the natural consequence
of this bill.
Mr. SIBLEY said that he would merely re-
mark to the chairman of the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, that the first and third sections of the
bill were copied nearly verbatim from similar bills
relating to the Territories of Michigan and Wis-
consin.
Mr. BOWLIN. That I know nothing about.
I am looking merely at the provisions of this bill.
It is a notorious fact that Minnesota is a valuable
region for timber. Now, if you give the Territo-
rial Legislature power to lease the school sections,
what will they bring? I undertake to say that
they will not bring a cent an acre, for the timber
will all be stripped off in the four years that the
lessee has possession of the land, to the detriment
and injury of the school fund. To the provision
which gives the Legislature power to protect the
lands from trespass and to punish those who tres-
pass on them, 1 have no objection. But the sec-
ond section of the bill involves the principle of
giving preemption on school lands in advance of
public survey. Now, why should that be? Set-
tlers may go upon the unsurveyed public lands
and settle a whole township, and they are not en-
titled to preemption under the general law, and yet
the bill proposes to grant the right of preemption
to those who settle on the unsurveyed lands which
are set apart for the benefit of the public schools.
Mr. SIBLEY wished to ask the gentleman a
question: whether, in the actual settlement of the
West, he would characterize those persons that
had settled upon unsurveyed lands, as they had
long since been designated in the speech of a dis-
tinguished character, as robbers and land pirates ?
If the gentleman used such terms towards them,
he must apply them to all those who had settled
upon unsurveyed lands.
Mr. BOWLIN. I know that all the land that
Missouri possesses she has honestly obtained.
Missouri is an observer of the laws, and she would
not legislate in favor of men who would violate
those laws. It would be a bad principle to intro-
duce there, any way; it would open the door at
once to preemption in advance of public survey,
and be contrary to the whole spirit of the preemp-
j tion system. If it were to be allowed, individuals
might go over and trespass upon the Indian terri-
tories. To the third section of the bill I have no
particular objection, excepting this.
Mr. SWEETSER, (interposing.) I desire to
I ask the gentleman whether the existing law, grant-
ing the sixteenth section for school purposes,
would not be trenched upon by acknowledging the
preemption of those persons that have settled upon
the sixteenth section? The law grants the six-
teenth section for 'school purposes, untouched by
any such provisions as are proposed in this bill,
and would it not be an infringement of that law
to grant the preemption right to settlers on the
sixteenth section ?
Mr. BOWLIN said, so far as Minnesotais con-
cerned, it would entirely oppose the purposes of
the general law. With reference to the third sec-
tion of the proposed bill, giving two townships for
aUniversity, I haveno objection. That would be
given to Minnesota whenever she came into the
Union as a State. If she is to receive them in lieu
of two other townships when she comes in, I say
I do not object; but if she is to receive two now,
and two more on coming in, I do not see any rea-
son why she should receive more than other Ter-
ritories. I would not oppose such an appropria-
tion when she comes in.
On motion by Mr. HARALSON, the commit-
tee then rose. . ~
And the Speaker having resumed the chair, the
chairman of the committee reported the facts.
On motion by Mr. HARALSON, the House
then adjourned.
! PETITIONS, kc.
■ The following petitions, memorials, kc., were presented
: under the rule, and referred to appropriate committees:
By Mr. ROBBINS : The petition of Adam Diller, Robert
Moore, and 56 others, citizens of Pennsylvania, asking Con-
gress to modify the bounty land act of September 28,1650.
so as to give to each person intended to be benefited
thereby not less than one hundred and sixty acres of land.
And they further ask that warrants may be made assign-
al>Also, the petition of B. Hooley and a number of othen,
citizens of Pennsylvania, asking a reduction of the present
■ tariff on raw silk, and an increase of duty on manufactured
