1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
487
No. 104, fir tht relief of Robert Davidson, reported
back the «me without amendment, with a recom-
mendation that it do not pass.
Also, frcm the same committee, to whic.Ji was
referred House hill No. 202, to amend an act en-
titled " An act for the relief of Frederick Durvine,"
approved August 14,1848,repor ea back the same
without amendment and recommended its passage.
He also asked the Senate to proceed at once"to
its conside at ion.
Mr. TURNEY. Is it a bill that is likely to
lead to dismssion ?
Mr. DOWNS. I presume not. It simply
changes t* o lines of a bill passed in 1848, of which
it makes an unimportant modification.
The bill w as considered as in Committee of the
Whole. 1: proposes to rescind the proviso to the
act of the 14th August, 1848.
Mr. DOWNS. I will explain the object of the
bill. By the act referred to he is authorized to
enter a school section of land on obtaining the con-
sent of the school township; but that he cannot
obtain, because by our laws our acquisitions for
schools go tnto a general fund: but he has obtained
the consent of the Governor of the State, and thus
in spirit if not in letter has complied with the law.
With us there is no organizations in townships to
regulate the schools; the law provides a general
fund, and, us he has obtained the consent of the Gov-
ernor, he asks that the proviso of the law of 1848
may be regaled.
The bill was then report&l to the Senate, and
no amendment having been proposed, it was or-
dered to be read a third time, ana was read a third
and passed.
international arbitration.
Mr. FOOTE, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to which was referred the memorial of
the American Peace Society, and the numerous
other memorials asking the adoption of measures
for the amicable adjustment of international con-
troversits, reported the following preamble and
resolution:
Whereas appeals to the sword for the determination of
aaboaal tMUowiia ate always productive of immense
nib; aad whereas the spirit and enterprise of the age, hut
■or especially the geoias of our ow n Gn\ erument, the
habits of oar people, and tbe highest permaneut prosperity
of our Republic, u well as the claims of humanity, the dic-
tates of enhgtitened reason, and the precepts of our holy
religion, ail require tbe adoption of every feasible measure,
consistent with the national honor and the security of our
rights, to prevent, as far a? possible, the recurrence of war
hereafter: TI -.~-.br,!—
Raairai, Thai, in the judgment of this body, it would
be proper and desirable for the Government of the United
State*, whoever practicable, to secure in its treaties with
otter nations a provision for referring to the decision of um-
pires all future misunderstandings that cannot be satisfac-
torily adjostedhy amicable negotiations in the first instance,
it resort to hostilities shall he had.
Mr. FOOTE. If there is no opposition to the
resolution, I should like very mucli that the Sen-
ate would adopt it at once, unanimously. If,
however, there should be any opposition, I desire
that it shall be printed.
The PRESIDENT. It will be printed, as a
matter of course.
Mr. FOOTE. The committee adopted the res-
elation with great unanimity; it him been cau-
tiously and circumspectly prepared, and I antici-
pate no difficulty in the Senate's adopting it at
oner.
Mr. CLEMENS. Let it lie over.
The resolution waa accordingly laid over under
the rule.
TERMS of appointed senators.
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which waa referred a resolution yes-
terday submitted by Mr. Wisthrop, made the
following report:
The Committee on the Judiciary, to which was referred
a resolution directing said committee to inquire and report
at what period the term of service of a Senator appointed
by the Executive of a State, during the recess of the Legis-
lature thereof, rightfully expires, have bad the same under
coMfderation, Md report:
Tbe question presented by the resolution turns mainly
aaoa Vie construction of the clause of article 1 section 2
of the Constitution of the United 8tates, which provides
that " if vacancies happen, by resignation or otherwise,
' daring the recess of the Legislature of any State, the Ei-
' ecutive thereof may mate temporary appointments until
' the next meeting of the Legislature, which shall All such
Your committee are of opinion that the sitting member
under Executive appointment has a right to occupy bis seat
nntil tbe vacancy shall be filled by the Legislature of the
State of whieb be is a Senator during tbe next meeting
•hereof. To fill such vacancy, it is not only necessary to
' nmke an election, but that the person elected shall accept
the appointment. And your committee are farther of the
opinion that such acceptance should appear by the presenta-
tion to the Senate of the credentials of the member elect,
or other official information of the fuel; at which time the
office of Die sitting member terminates. When the mem-
ber elect is present and ready to quality, his express ac-
ceptance is at once made known, and when his credentials
are presented in his absence, his acceptance may he thirly
implied.
These general views are distalned by precedents. An
early one may be found in the Senate Journal of 1809,
page 381. where the question was settled, after debate, by
the adoption, on the 6th of June, of the following resolu-
tion :
" Rrsolred, That the Hon. 8amuei Smith, a Senator ap-
pointed by tlie £x«cutive of Maryland, to fill the vacancy
which happened in the office of Senator for that State, is
entitled to hold his seat in the Senate of the United States .
during the session of the Legislature of Maryland, which,
by the proclamation of the Governor of said State, was to
commence on the 5tlt day of the present month of June;
unless said Legislature shall fill such vacancy by the ap-
pointment of a Senator, and this Senate be officially in-
formed thereof."
The preceileut in this ease has been uniformly followed
from that time to the present, in the many cases that have
arisen invohing the same question.
Mr. BUTLER. I hold in my hand a list of the
cases referred to in the report, which I ask the
Senate to print as an appendix to it.
The report and accompanying papers were or-
dered to be printed.
works of alexander hamilton.
On the motion of Mr. PEARCE, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution directing the distribution
of the works of Alexander Hamilton, and for
other purposes.
It provides that the Secretary of the Senate and
the Clerk of the House of Representatives, shall
distribute, by mail or otherwise, the works now
being published by authority of Congress, known
as the works of Alexander Hamilton, in the man-
ner following: To the President of the United
States, one copy; to the libraries of the different
Departments, of the Postmaster General, and the
Attomev General, one copy each; to each mem-
ber of the present Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives, one copy; to the office of the Secretary
of the Senate, five copies; to the Library of the
House of Representatives, ten copies; to the Li-
brary of Congress, six copies; to the libraries of
the States and Territories of the Union, each one
copy; to the Smithsonian Institution, one copy;
to the Military Academy and the Naval School at
Annapolis, each one copy; to the Joint Committee
on the Library, for the purpose of international
exchange, twelve copies; to Mrs. Eliza Hamilton,
five copies; to such colleges and literary institu-
tions as shall be designated by the present Com-
mittee on the Library, one hundred and twenty
copies.
And it further provides that, as the appropria-
tion heretofore made for the editing ana publica-
tion of these papers is inadequate, the Joint Com-
mittee on the Library be empowered to sell the
undistributed residue of the copies of the work;
and that the proceeds of such sale be applied by
the committee, in aid of the appropriation which
has been made, to defray the expenses of editing
and publishing the works.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend the resolution
by adding an additional section :
"Andbe it further resolved, That the worksofthe late
John Adams, published and being published, to which tbe
Congress of die United States have subscribed, be distrib-
uted in the same manner as is herein provided for, except
the five copies to Mrs. Eliza Hamilten."
I submitted the amendment to the Committee
on the Library, and it has their assent. The
works of John Adams have been subscribed and
Eaid for, and some of the books are now in the
.ibrary of Congress waiting to be taken care of.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution was reported to the Senate, and
the amendment made in the Committee of the
Whole was concurred in.
Mr. CLEMENS. I should like to know what
will be the probable expense of this publication?
Mr. PEARCE. I will inform the Senator from
Alabama that we made a contract for the purchase
of a thousand copies of the works of John Adams
at the last session. That matter is therefore at an
end. In regard to the other, Congress purchased
the papers of Mrs. Hamilton and appropriated the
sum of $6,000 for their publication. It has been
found that $6,000 are insufficient to complete the
publication, inasmuch as the works were more
voluminous than it had been supposed they would
be. The committee do not propose to call on the
Treasury for money to enable them to complete
the publication, but propose to obtain the meana
to continue the publication by selling one half of
the copies which have been ordered to be printed.
One thousand have been ordered to be printed. It
is desirable, too, that a portion of these works
should be placed within the reach of the reading
public. It is supposed by Helling five hundred
copies to booksellers and others we may derive
the means of completing the publication without
calling on the Treasury. That is the practical
object the committee had in view in asking for au-
thority to sell these copies.
The resolution was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading.
bills on leave.
Mr. HUNTER, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to bring in a bill to amend the
acts regulating the importation and warehousing
of foreign merchandise and for other purposes;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WALKER, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a joint resolution
in relation to the cutting of timber in Wisconsin;
which was read a first and second time by its tide,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
notice of bills.
Mr. BRIGHT gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill explanatory of the act
approved September 18, 1850, entitled " An act to
amend and supplemental to the act entitled ' An act
respecting fugitives from justice and felons esca-
ping from the service of their masters,''' approved
February 12, 1793.
Mr. BORLAND gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a joint resolution to require
the surveyor general of Arkansas to cause three
copies of the plats and field-notes of the lands in
each county of said State, one of each of which
to be returned to the General Land Office, one of
each to be deposited with the Secretary of State
of Arkansas, and the one for each county in said
State to be deposited with the clerk thereof.
Mr. DOWNS gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill granting the right of
| way and making a grant of land to the States of
i Louisiana and Arkansas in aid of the construction
i of a railroad from Fulton, on Red river, to Provi-
1 dence, on the Mississippi, or some other point on
that river in Louisiana.
mail to v1cksburg.
Mr. SOULE submitted the following resolution;
which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on tlie Post Office and
Post Roads be directed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a daily mail line between New Orleans and
Vicksburg.
FEES of officers.
On motion by Mr. BERRIEN, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill to regulate the fees and
costs to be allowed clerks, marshals, and attorneys
of the Circuit and District Courts of the United
States, and for other purposes.
Mr. BERRIEN having proposed several amend-
ments to the bill, they were ordered to be printed,
and the further consideration was postponed, and
made the special order for Monday, the 10th in-
stant.
bill passed.
The engrossed bill to make Cambridge, in the
district of Boston and Charlestown, a port of
entry, was read a third time and passed.
the patent laws.
Mr. TURNEY. I move to postpone all prior
orders, for the purpose of taking up the bill to
amend an act to promote the progress of the use-
| ful arts.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senate will not divert
its attention from the bill to ascertain and settle
private land claims in California. We have almost
i got to the last stage of that bill, and I desire the
Senate to dispose of it and get it out of the way.
; Mr. TURNEY. The bill which I have asked
the Senate to take up was reported at an early
period of the last session, and it underwent some
: consideration. At the commencement of this ses-
i sion it was again made a special order. It was
I the first special order on the calendar, but by some
accident it lost its place. It is a very important
I bill to inventors and manufacturers, and I hope the
