438
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 5,
Senate will take it up. It can be disposed of in
less time than we can dispose of the California land
title bill.
Mr. FOOTE. I hope the motion of the Senator
from Tennessee will not prevail. The debates on ;
the California land title bill are fresh in our recol-
lection, and therefore on the general merits of that
bill we are now better able and more competent to
decide than we shall be at a future day.
To the bill which the honorable Senator from
Tennessee desires the Senate to consider, I have
no hostility. It has not had the full consideration
which I intend to bestow upon it before it can
come up on a future day; and at this time I hope
it will not be taken up, but that the Senate will
dispose of the bill mentioned by the Senator from
California. >
The motion to postpone the prior orders was
not agreed to.
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS IN CALIFORNIA. 1
On motion by Mr. GWIN the Senate resumed
the consideration of the bill to ascertain and settle
the private land claims in the State of California.
The question pending was upon concurring in the
amendment made in the .Committee of the Whole,
which amendment was that reported by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, as it had been modified ;
by various amendments. '
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I move to amend the j
tenth section by adding at the end of it these
words:
♦* And either party may, within three years after the judg- 1
ment is rendered, take the case to the Supreme Court for
revision by writ of error."
The object of the amendment is to provide for
this state of cases: Suppose the party litigant who
may ask for an appeal is unable to give the secu-
rity required for tne payment of costs, what then
is the condition in which he is placed ? If he fails
to give bond, the judgment is not superseded, it
remains in full force; its revision is only provided
for by prosecuting an appeal. My amendment is
simply to provide for a revision by a writ of error
•within three years. I have fixed the time at
three years, notwithstanding a suggestion which
was made the other day that it should be _ five
years. I think three years is long enough for the
consideration of the propriety of faking out a writ
of error. If you extend the time to five years,
you keep the pnroerty of the country in an unset-
tled condition. If you limit it to three years, in
case the writ of error is not taken out in that time,
or if no appeal is prosecuted, there is an end to
the litigation. The title is safe, the parties may
alienate the property, the parties may improve it,
or do the same with it as any other individual can
with his own property. I thmk, therefore, it would
be better to restrict the limitation to three years
instead of extending it to five.
The only remaining question, growing out of
the proposition which I offer, is, whether it would
be prudent to allow the Government three years
within which to take a writ of error, as well as an
individual whose claim may be decided against. I
have inserted the right on the part of the Govern-
ment to prosecute a writ of error, for a reason
which I will very briefly state to the Senate. It is
said that some of these California claims are of im-
mense magnitude. To give the Government the
right to prosecute a writ of error in case of a de-
cision against it, would then relieve in a very great
degree tne attorney and the court who may give
that decision from unjust suspicion. I have
thought proper, therefore, for that reason as well
as otners, to insert the provision that the Govern-
ment should be placed on the same footing, in re-
gard to the prosecution of writs of error, as pri-
vate individuals. I do not wish to consume the
time of the Senate. The proposition is a plain
and simple one, and I think should be incorpora-
ted in the bill.
Mr. BERRIEN. The tenth section, as it now
stands in the bill, provides that the district court
shall, on application of the party against whom
judgment is rendered, grant an appeal to the Su-
preme Court of the United States, in case the
judgment of the District Court shall be affirmed,
on such security for costs in the District and Su-
preme Court as the said court may prescribe.
Then the amendment proceeds to provide that a
party, if no appeal be entered, may sue out a writ
♦h eTf three years. It seems to me that
tne objections to such an amendment are multi-
plied. In the first place, this is an equitable pro- j
ceeding; it is an equity proceeding to which a j
writ of error is not applicable. In the next place j
the distinction between a writ of error and an ap- <
peal, for the last of which the bill provides, is that
the appeal brings up the whole case upon law and
upon fact, while the writ of error brings up the t]
case only upon questions of law. Then it seems !
to me very extraordinary that such a provision j
should be found necessary in the present bill, when 1
we have gone through the course of settling the |
land titles in the different States framed out of the
Territories which we have heretofore acquired |
without any embarrassment resulting from the
want of such provision. Sir, the effect of it would
be to delay the accomplishment of the object of
the bill for the length of time which is here pro-
vided, in addition to that time which shall be oc-
cupied in obtaining the judgment of the district j
court. And for what purpose ? For the purpose '
of meeting and anticipating difficulties. Now, has
it ever been found in the prosecution of private
land claims in the different States to which former
bills were applicable, that the parties who had
those claims would not give the security necessary
for the purpose of enabling them to enter an ap- ,
peal. The great object has been that these pro-
ceedings should be brought to a close as speedily
as possible, in order that the parties might be kept
in their rights and the Government shou'd ascer-
tain what was public domain, so that it might
exert its constitutional power of disposing of it.
This amendment conflicts entirely with that ob-
ject. If there be any ground of apprehension that
a man who has a claim to lands cannot give the
security required for costs, the bill may be made I
to accomplish the object of the Senator in another ■
way without this delay; and I submit it to the
Senator from Kentucky as better calculated to ac-
complish his object. You might provide that in j
any case where the district judge shall be of opin- \
ion that there is reasonable ground for the entering
of an appeal, and shall be satisfied that the party
desiring to enter that appeal is unable to give the j
security which is required for costs, he may allow
the appeal to be entered without requiring such
security. That will accomplish, I think, the ob-
ject of the Senator from Kentucky, and in that I
would acquiesce, because by such a provision the
proceedings would not be stayed, the severance of j
the public from the private domain would not be I
delayed. If the Senator from Kentucky is dis- j
posed to accept that as a modification of his prop- i
osition, I am content to submit it to the consider-
ation of the Senate. If not, I should certainly ]
hope that an amendment proposing a proceeding '
so inconsistent with the whole frame and tenor of
the bill, an amendment which proceeds upon a j
> supposition of difficulty which all former experi-
ence ascertains to have no foundation, and which
will have the effect of unnecessarily delaying the
1 accomplishment of the object of this bill, will not
prevail; but still I trust the Senator will accept the
modification.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. My object is to afford
the opportunity to all parties of obtaining justice
without being trammeled in their efforts to reach
it by inability to give security in an appeal bond.
The experience of all the States of the Union, so
far as my knowledge extends, makes such a pro-
vision as my amendment proposes to make to this
bill in reference to their particular judicial system
It is a rule, therefore, wnich the experience of the
judicial systems of the various States authorizes
me to say, is a good one. It is a rule which is ap-
plied now by the Supreme Court of the United
States in reference to the circuit courts of our federal
system; and according to the experience which we
have of the operation of the Federal judiciary, the
rule is a safe and good one in regard to decisions
of inferior Federal tribunals. The only objection,
therefore, to the rule upon principle is that suggest-
ed by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Berrien,]
that it may militate somewhat against the speedy
adjustment <Jf these land claims, which he says is
very desirable on the part of the Government, and
which I admit to be so. Now, it was to meet that
objection that I reduced the time from five to three
years. I am still further willing to reduce it to
two years if necessary. I would have no objec-
tion to reducing the limitation to that period for the
purpose of accomplishing the object which the
fentleman from Georgia seems to have in view,
tut I would much prefer letting the rule stand,
sanctioned as it is by the experience of our judi-
cial systems, both in regard to the State and Fed-
eral tribunals. I would much prefer letting the
rule stand and extend it two years, than to strike
it out and put it entirely on the ground of appeal.
Why, you may pray an appeal, and according to
the practice a time is fixed within which the appeal
bond is to be executed. If it is not executed within
the time limited, your appeal is gone. It cannot
be executed afterwards. In this way you subject
the party asking an appeal, after it is granted, to
the contingencies of death and of all the accidents
to which we are liable. It is a very strict rule,
and if any little thing prevents the execution of the
appeal bond in time, the appeal granted fails, and
tne party is without a remedy. If something like
the amendment which I have had the honor to offer
is not adopted, why surely it will be proper to
modify according to the suggestion made by the
Senator from Georgia; and if the Senate should
think proper to vote out the amendment which I
propose, I hope the gentleman will prepare such a
modification as he has suggested. If my amend-
ment cannot be obtained,! think what he has pro-
Cosed would be a reasonable amendment to the
ill as it now stands.
I have no particular interest in the bill, but 1
have thrown out these suggestions and offered this
amendment in consequence of believing that some
remedy, more than was prescribed in the bill,
ought to be made. If the time is too long, I would
be perfectly willing to sanction an offer on the part
of the gentleman from Geoigia to reduce it from
three to two years. That length of time, to allow
the party to examine the case, to consult about it,
to review and reconsider the judgment made
against him, and to determine, upon due delibera-
tion, whether he ought to bring the case to the Su-
preme Court, I think is not unreasonable, but 1
am disposed to give him at least that. I would
prefer to have the sense of the Senate taken on the
amendment which I have offered. If it is rejected,
I hope the Senator from Georgia will propose the
modification he has suggested.
Mr. BERRIEN. I cannot submit the amend-
ment which I suggested, because that proposed by
the Senator from Kentucky is an amendment to an
amendment. But I will read to the Senate that
which I will submit in the event of this amend-
ment being rejected, in order that the Senate may
see, as I think they will, that the case suggested
by the Senator from Kentucky will be more amply
provided for by such an amendment them by wliat
he proposes, which would only have the effect of
carrying up to the Supreme Court of the United
States cases of law, leaving points of fact un-
touched .
If the Senator's amendment shall be rejected, I
shall propose to amend the section by adding this:
" If the court shall be satisfied that the party desiring to
appeal is nnable to give such security, the appeal may be
allowed without security."
Now, in regard to the case which has been sug-
gested by the Senator from Kentucky, of accidents
happening which may prevent the execution of
the appeal bond within the time prescribed by the
court, the Senator is perfectly aware that if any
accident, beyond the control of the party, has pre-
vented the execution of the bond within the time,
| upon application to the court that time will be
1 extended, and even after its expiration an order
will be made for leave to sign an appeal bond. So
that, in fact, the difficulty does not exist.
I trust, for the reasons which I have suggested,
the amendment of the Senator will not prevail. If
it does not, I will submit this amendment.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I shall make one or
two remarks only. I am disposed to deny the
authority of the judge, after the time for which the
order is made has expired, to make any such ad-
ditional order interfering with the rights of the
parties as fixed by the record. I think it cannot
■ be done.
In regard to the suggestion made that the writ
of error limits the investigation by the Supreme
Court to matters of law as contradistinguished
from matters of fact, and that the appeal would
reopen an investigation of the case to matters of
fact, I am disposed to differ from the gentlen"an
upon that subject also. I do not understand that,
under the principles of this bill, if any appeal is
prosecuted to the Supreme Court, the Supreme
Court is to take new testimony. I understand the
, Supreme Court, according to the provisions of this
