1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
441
lutut which I now propose to have Blade, passed
this body at an wirly day at the last session, and
is aull before the House of Representativee await-
ing its action. But, air, as I apprehend it will
share the fate of hundreds of lulls there, which
hare been reported favorably upon, and be lost for
the want of time to consider it, 1 hope kit propo-
sition will meet with the sanction of this body. It
u evident, if this joint resolution is passed here,
my amendment will meet with equal liberality in
the House. The registers and receivers who have
been performing increased duties under the bounty
land law, without eeatpeatstim, ever since the act of
1847 was passed, have suffered some inconvenience,
and have incurred, in some instances, where war-
rants have been principally received, heavy loss in
money, instead of receiving benefit from their offi-
ces. We have been receiving petitions for relief
from these gentlemen for the last three pears, and
I (as doubless is the case with many other Con-
gressmen) am almost daily in the receipt of letters
urging the passage of a law for their relief.
But, as my honorable friend from Tennessee,
[Mr. Bell,] by whose side I hare sst for the last
two years with so much satisfaction and instruction
to myself, is ready to cooperate with me, and as I
know what he will say will be much more effective
than anything from myself, I will cheerfully give
way, under the confident expectation that, after
listening to him, my friend from Kentucky will
cease his opposition to the proposition which I have
submitted.
Mr. BELL. I do not know that I can give my
assistance to ray honorable friend in sustaining his
amendment until 1 understand further its bearings.
This is a very important bill, estimate it as we
mar, either upon the number of persons interested
in the country to which it applies or the aggregAe
cost to the country. I know of none which has
produced quite so much feeling at this time in the
portions of the country where the neatest propor-
tion of the beneficiaries of the bill reside. I do
not feel at liberty, after the indications made the
other day when "this subject was before the Senate,
to permit a vote to be taken without begging the
indulgence of the Senate while I say a few words.
My friend from Iowa [Mr. Jones] thinks that
this amendment will tend to accelerate the adop-
tion of the measure, that it will increase the friends
of the measure here as well as in the other House.
As to the provisions contained in the amendment
proposed by the Senator, I think them just and
proper. We cannot expect these officials, where
lands ore located, to give their service in locating
the lands for nothing; and, as I understand, the
compensation will not be such as to justify any
man in remaining in the office. Therefore, if the
measure of my honorable friend can be brought up
distinctly by Itself, I shall be in favor of it; but to
make this motion endanger the passage of the pres-
ent bill, as I think it will, is not proper, in my
opinion. You will thus incumber the bill, and it
will be sent back to the House and be delayed
there, and at this period of the session the chances
are that the consequences of the delays between
the two Houses will defeat the measure altogeth-
er. But I am not sure that measure will receive
any accession of strength in consequence of adopt-
ing the proposed amendment in this body. I
should like to know if my honorable friend would
give his support to the bill if this amendment is
agreed to, or if my other friends from the North-
west would do it ? I know it is not proper to pro-
pose a bargain, and I propose none; but, as this
proposition is in itself reasonable, I should like to
support it, and would do so, even in connection with
this bill, provided it did not endanger the passage
of the bill to which this is offered as an amend-
ment. But I fear it will endanger it. I know the
generosity of my friend from Iowa, and if he can-
not agree to vote for the bill when his amendment
is adopted, I must distrust the success of the meas-
ure. I therefore beg leave now to say a few words
in relation to the merits of the bill, as that has
been the course of gentlemen who have preceded
me
I understand there are twe objections taken to
this bill by Senators who represent that portion of
the country which is to be affected by the location
of land warrants. One is a general objection,
which is, that it opens a field for speculation. But
the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Underwood]
has answered that objection sufficiently perhaps.
But another objection, particularly by gentlemen
' from the Northwest, is one that deserves consid-
eration ; because it is not to be expected that their
feelings will be interested, especially in promoting
the interests of the old soldiers who lived in Lou-
isiana and Mississippi. We are not to expect that
they will took so much to the interests of these
beneficiaries who live, perhaps, five hundred or a
thousand miles distant from them, as to the inter-
ests of their own section of country.
As I understand the Senator from Michigan, not
one of the speculators who purchased and held
land id 1631 and 1833, with a view to make money
by the rise in the price of land, ever realized what
i he expected. The market held out by the Gov-
ernment itself, and the fact that there was so great
a body of speculators, continued to keep the price
down, and those who held on with a view to get an
enhanced price, found that the expense for taxes
and for service of agents, eat out the original value
of their land, and they could not sell it for so
much, in some cases, as they paid tor it ten years
before.
Now, my honorable friend from Michigan,
[Mr. Felch] will recognize this as true as it re-
lates to the history of these speculations. Does
he suppose, then, that the sagacity of the present
race of speculators, fortified, and taught, and edu-
cated by the experience of those who went before
them, will not prevent them locating their lands
with a view to hold them as vacant lands ? I speak
of the unimproved land in that country. Is there
one in twenty who will rim such a risk as to buy
the lands with a view of making money on them
by the enhanced price in the future? Does he
know an individual among the holders of some
six or seven millions of acres of land under the
Mexican land warrants who proposes to locate
these land warrants and hold them in his own
right with a view to the future enhancement of the
value of the land in that country? I venture to
say that my friend does not know a single one.
Such a thing will never occur. They have the
experience before them; and not only that, but
they have the vast amount of public land which
is being brought into market now, with a pros-
pect of still more, year after year, which must
assure them that they cannot realize more than the
! Government price of one dollar and a quarter per
acre. Therefore I think my friends in the North-
1 west are unduly timid and tearful with regard to
the future prospect of the country in which they
are interested. If they will consider the history
of the speculations and the result of the specula-
tions to which I have referred, they will see there
( is no danger to be apprehended from the purchase
of large tracts of land by speculators, to be held
by them with a view to future sales.
The argument is that it will appropriate lai^e
quantities of land in Illinois, Iowa, Wisconsin,
Missouri, and Michigan, perhaps, and that they
will have to undergo the same thing which was
experienced in that portion of the country in 1831
or in 1833, by having a large amount of their land
appropriated to non-residents. Their policy is to
enforce settlements along with the location. In
general that is a sound policy, and one which the
interest of the country requires. They are fearful
of a renewal of such speculations as took place in
1831, 1832, and 1833, in which the finest portions
of their farming districts were taken up and held
for years by non-residents, and the settlement of
the country was greatly retarded. I apprehend
that this is the "ground upon which the Senator
from Iowa is opposed to it chiefly, and not so
much because it promotes speculations in land as
that it appropriates large portions of land to non-
residents, which will be held by them. If those
who hold these land warrants do not choose to
locate themselves upon the lands, they will sell
their interest to speculators.
Mr. JONES. I have no doubt but that will be
the result.
Mr. BELL. My friend says he has no doubt
but that will be the result. Now, I appeal to him,
and more particularly to the Senator from Michi-
gan, [Mr. Felch,] who addressed the Senate so
ably the other day on thesubject of the land policy.
He adverted to the speculations which took place
some twenty years ago in all the new States, by
which a very large portion of their territory was
taken up and held by speculators and non-residents.
They purchased the land and held it with a view
to enhance the price of the land in those fine new
countries. But my friend has disclosed a fact
| which should be satisfactory to him, and to every
friend of the Northwest—that this objection is not
a sufficient ground for opposition to a measure
which would five so much relief and satisfaction
to tens of thousands of others, who do not expect
to participate in the prosperity and growth of the
Northwest.
Now, sir, whether you make these warrants
assignable or not; whether you construe the law
as some do construe it, and as it was construed at
the last session, so that the warrants shall not be
assignable, that will not prevent the sales of the
public lands. These warrants will be sold, and
the speculators will buy them. I have, perhaps,
thousands of old friends in Tennessee who will
get, some forty acres, and some one hundred
and sixty acres, under the provisions of this bill—
those who survive of the tens of thousands who
were called out, either in the Indian wars, or the
war of 1813, or the war in Florida. But not one
in twenty of them would think of changing his
residence for the purpose of going in the pursuit
of the bounty land.
Mr. JONLS. Perhaps he may send his sons.
Mr. BELL. Perhaps a few may do so; but
there will be very few, if any, who will do it. But
the speculators will not buy the land for the pur-
pose of retaining it with a view to secure an en-
hanced price, but with a view of selling immedi-
ately to emigrants, who will settle that country any
how. There is & continual stream of these peo-
ple to that country. If you propose to take pay
for the land warrants in land scrip, or make the
warrants assignable, they will be bought and sold
as they are now. Whether you let it stand as it
was proposed to stand at the last session, or mod-
ify it according to the declaratory clause in this
bill, the current of emigration will not be prevented
in either event, and patents will be bought up to
be sold again to emigrants. If the speculators buy,
they will boy with a view of supplying the de-
mand in consequence of emigration. So that, take
it either way, that portion of the country repre-
sented by my honorable friend will beaettled about
as rapidly in one way as the other. There will be
no material change in that respect. But it makes
a great difference with the old soldier whether he
has to pay an agent to locate his land, or whether
, he can sell his warrant. He has not only the ex-
pense of paying an agent, but he runs a risk in
trusting the location to an agent. He does not
know that the agent will take pains to locate lands
of any value; whether he will take care to locate
choice lands; whether he will spend his time in
making examinations of the country, or will not
locate upon the first section that attracts his atten-
tion. I say, therefore, it is of no consequcnce to
the new States how the law is construed. There
are no more lands to be bought up to be held by
speculators. There are now seven millions of
acres out, and none held with a view of being held
permanently. Therefore I beg my friends who
represent that portion of the country to consider
whether there is any danger to their substantial
interests, whether the law be construed one way
or another.
That is one of the strong objections to the pas-
sage of the bill; but there nas another objection
come from those who reside in that section of the
country where the lands are to be located; and all
these objections are entitled to due consideration
and due weight. I find there is a powerful interest
operating upon the minds of many in the commu-
nity around us. I trust it does not affect the
judgment of any member of this Senate. If it
did, it should have its fair weight in bringing his
mind to a proper decision on this question. It is
the influence of those holding seven millions of
acres, now held upon grants under the appropria-
tion made to the soldiers in the Mexican war. You
find them here, and if you do not see them you
will hear of them. They have been bought up
it is said by agents for a fair consideration, ana
they are now in market. The agents have
given, it is said, $125 for one hundred and sixty
acres of land, and some have been bought, I believe,
for f 100 the hundred and sixty acres.
! Mr. MANGUM. The average is about one
hundred and seven dollars for one hundred and
sixty acres.
Mr. BELL. My friend from North Carolina
tells me that the average sales have been about
0107 for one hundred and sixty acres. But they
will not realize as great a profit as they expect.
