442
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 6,
None will hold the lands with a view to take ad-
vantage of a rise in the property in that country.
I take it for granted they are availing themselves
of the emigration to sell as fast as possible, and at
as high rates as they can get, and it was in that
way they expected to realize a profit upon the ori-
ginal cost of the speculation. Their argument is
that you will diminish their profits and expecta-
tions when they purchased these warrants, and as
there are seven or eight millions of acres held in
this way, there is a great influence on the minds
of the community; but I trust it will not bear im-
properly upon the mind of any Senator. And if
they buy at J107 for the one hundred and sixty
acres, and can sell it at $125, I think they should
be satisfied with that as a good percentage of
profit upon their investment. These considera-
tions seem to me so reasonable that I trust influ-
ences and interests around us will have no weight
here. I admit the importance of the subject to
those who represent the Northwest. Their objec-
tion is upon the ground that it will retard settle-
ments in that section. I think they are mistaken.
The settlements of the country will be made upon
these warrants, if assignable, as they were made
upon those warrants given to the Mexican sol-
diers. The sales will be made with a view to a
re-sale to those emigrants who are there at the
present time, or to th.ise who are going monthly
to the Northwest. The buyers do not expect to
hold the lands permanently in order to take ad-
vantage of demands made by future settlers; and
I think that my friend from Iowa, [Mr. Jones,]
as well as my friend from Michigan, [Mr. Felch,]
overrate the danger to their section of the country,
when they say it will promote the mischief which
they desire to guard against.
The PRESIDENT. The amendment under
consideration is one which was proposed to the
original resolution.
Mr. JONES. I will say, in reply to the inter-
rogatory of my friend from Tennessee, that I did
support the original bill introduced by my gallant
friend, [Mr. Shields,] who, from sympathy for
these soldiers, urged its passage from day to day.
I now almost regret that I did so, not because I
would not reward patriotic volunteers who per-
iled so much for their country, but because I am
now satisfied, and will be much more so if this
joint resolution is adopted, that its effects will be
most injurious to that part of the country which I
in part represent. I think, too, at the same time,
that from present indications, those for whose ben-
efit we then legislated, are to receive but little if
any good from that legislation. It is very evident
to my mind, that by this resolution, the Wall
street and other brokers and speculators will re-
ceive the good which we intended to bestow upon
the old soldier, while it will cause to the latter
much trouble and vexation. I believed that the
soldier would either go out to the land which we
granted him, or, after locating it, permit his chil-
dren to remove to and occupy it. Such will not
be the case if you authorize the assignment, and
he will continue to remain where he now is, with-
out knowing that aught has been done for him or
his.
The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Bell] says
that he has no objection to reasonable compensa-
tion to the registers and receivers; but that, as he
understands the case, they are sufficiently well paid
for their services. This I know is incorrect. With
fourfold duties to perform, they receive but one
fourth of the compensation to which they were
entitled before the passage of the act of 1847.
But, Mr. President, from whom is this small al-
lowance to the land officers to come in the end ?
N6t from the Government, or from the soldier, but
from his assignee.
The capitalist who will buy up his thousands of
warrants from the poor soldiers at not half their
real value, by combinations with others of his
class, should and will be made to pay these fees,
if my amendment is adopted. My friend [Mr.
Bell] has asked me again if I have ever known
of a single instance where any speculator has
bought up a large tract of land in the West, to the
injury of the settlement of that country? I do
know of many.
M-. BELL. Under these late acts?
Mr. JONES. No, sir; not under these late
acts, because there has not yet been time in my
immediate neighborhood. But in Wisconsin, near
where I now reside, an English capitalist did buy
at the Government land office for that district a
large tract of the most fertile and valuable land,
for which he paid the minimum price in money.
The effects of that single case, well known to
myself and the distinguished Senator from Wis-
consin, [Governor Dodge,] had the most delete-
rious effect upon the settlement and improvement
of that part of the country. I know the country
well, for I resided in it for some seventeen years,
and know that it is one of the richest counties in
America for fertility of soil, mineral resources,
water power, timber, &c., and yet it has been
kept back in population and wealth because of this
monopoly, wnilst less fertile and desirable dis-
tricts, where no such obstruction existed, have be-
come thickly settled. Those lands were entered
in 1836-'7, and are still held by the original pur-
chaser, who many years ago to my own knowl-
edge refused $5 per acre, and would not sell now
for less than probably ten or fifteen dollars. The
consequence is that the emigrant has to push on
still further to the westward, at the loss of time,
and money, and health, to get inferior land and a
less desirable home. Pass this joint resolution
and you deprive the soldier of the inducements to
seek a better home than he now has, and to make
provision for those who are to come after him, at
the same time that you throw open the door for a
field of speculation never presented in this coun-
try before, and from the evil effects of which we
may never be rid, and which our posterity will
deeply lament. You will establish by it the sys-
tem of landlord and tenant, which exists in Eng-
land, Ireland, and other countries across the At-
lantic, and which has ground down to the dust
and to starvation the millions of Irishmen and
others, who, in consequence of it, are driven from
their native lands to seek a more comfortable
home in ours.
But, Mr. President, I beg pardon for this di-
gression, and for following in the wake of my
friends who have preceded me. The amendment
which I propose is intended to compensate the
registers and receivers alone, not the thirty or forty
additional clerks who are now at work under high
salaries in the Pension, Land, Third Auditor s,
and other bureaus, and who have been necessarily
employed to carry into effect the provisions of the
act of 1850, and to pay whom we are now asked
by the head of the Indian Department for larger
appropriations. Where is all that money to come
from ? Not from the old soldier, nor from the
man whom we would make his assignee, but from
the Treasury. I hope my amendment may be
adopted.
Mr. BUTLER. I am entirely satisfied, from
the indications which I see around me, that this
matter will remain unfinished business for several
days. As an executive session is necessary, I
move to postpone the further consideration of the
resolution until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to, and after some time
spent in the consideration of executive business,
the doors were reopened, and then, on motion,
The Senate adjourned.
! HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 6, 1851.
I The House met at twelve o'clock, m. The Jour-
nal of yesterday was read and approved.
| CLOSE OF DEBATE.
Mr. FITCH offered the usual resolution to close
the debate in the Committee of the Whole on the
! state of the Union, in one half hour after the
' House shall have again resolved itself into com-
j mittee on the bill to authorize the Legislative As-
semblies of Oregon and Minnesota to take charge
of the school lands in said Territories, and for
other purposes.
Mr. FOWLER requested the gentleman from
Indiana to amend his amendment so as to close
the debate in fifteen minutes.
Mr. FITCH was understood to say that he
could not accede to that amendment.
The question was then taken on the resolution,
and it was agreed to.
SCHOOL LANDS IN OREGON AND MINNESOTA.
Mr. FITCH moved that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
j Union.
; The question was put, and the motion was
] agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Thompson, of Mississippi, in the chair.)
Mr. FITCH said: By the resolution which has
just been adopted by the House, the debate on
this bill will close in a half an hour. I wish to
appeal to the committee to consume, if possible,
j even less time than that. It must be borne in
mind, that this is the last day set apart for the
! consideration of territorial business, and if we do
not wish to leave that business unfinished, and
; thereby to do gross injustice to the Territories,
that business must be expedited. I trust, there-
fore, that gentlemen will content themselves with
as little debate as possible.
In the absence of the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Territories, [Mr. Boyd,] it becomes my
duty to answer a few objections which were urged
against the bill now under consideration on yes-
terday. I shall do this as briefly as possible,
leaving the defence of the measure to the Delegates
themselves, and particularly to my friend from
Minnesota, [Mr. Sibley,] who is amply able to
defend the rights and interests of his own constit-
uency. The chairman of the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands [Mr. Bowlin] urged objections to this
bill yesterday, which, it appears to me, were ex-
tremely puerile. I am not inclined to take any
exceptions to the distinctions which he drew be-
tween the ability of that committee, of which he is
the head, and the Committee on Territories, of
which I happen to be a member.
Mr. BOWLIN (interposing with some warmth)
s£d that he wished to put the gentleman right.
He (Mr. B.) had not made any such distinction.
Mr. FITCH. The gentleman's violence will
not deter me from any course which I think prop-
er to pursue. He said that the Committee on
Territories could not be presumed to know as
much of the public lands as the Committee on
Public Lands. I grant that. It is scarcely to be
I presumed that the chairman of the Committee on
' Territories, the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Boyd,] the gentleman on my left from Illinois,
i [Mr. Richardson,] myself, and perhaps one
other member of the Committee on Territories,
who have spent the most part of our lives on the
frontier, can know as much of the public lands
and preemption rights as the denizens of a city,
like the gentleman from Missouri. I plead guilty
at once to the charge, that I do not know as much
of the public lands as he does. But I wish to an-
swer a few of the objections which have been
j urged by the gentleman to this bill. He says
that the bill legalizes the preemption to public
I lands before the survey of the same. So it does;
! but there is nothing particularly hard in that, for
those preemptions have, to my certain knowl-
edge, been recognized, if not by positive legal
provisions, at least by the settlers themselves,
almost from time immemorial. Thousands of in-
stances have occurred within my own knowledge
where settlers have gone upon the public lands
before they were surveyed, but as soon as these
lands have been surveyed they have been preemp-
tors to a quarter section. The general preemption
law in effect positively recognizes the right of the
preemptors to land before survey, if not exactly in
its letter, at least in its spirit. And certainly if
there is any merit in this preemption law at all,
we are bound to legalize the claim of the individ-
ual who has the hardihood to venture so far on the
frontier as to make a settlement upon land which
has not actually been visited by the surveyor.
Another objection urged was, that the bill pro-
poses to grant to the Territorial Legislatures of Min-
nesota and Oregon, the privilege of leasing the
school sections for four years before they are sold;
and this the gentleman argues would have a tend-
ency to strip the sections of most of their value
by depriving them of timber. In the first place
it is a presumption that all the school sections
will be timbered sections. This is scarcely a
correct presumption, considering the nature ot
the country in tnese Territories. The gentleman
argues, however, as a principal objection, that tne
lands will yearly be diminished in value by this
leasing, which the Territorial Legislature is author-
I ized to make. He presumes, in that argument
i that the Delegates from these Territories would
