1651.
TtfE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
445
knowledge and before a survey has been made, I
hold that they are entitled to the improvements
which they may have made. I do not believe—I
cannot believe, that there is that want of a dispo-
sition on the part of this committee to do justice
to these men , that they will permit the second sec-
tion of the bill to be stricken out, and thus deprive
them of what they have really a right to under
the existing law—the improvements made by their
own hands.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, inquired if
it was in order to move to amend the section pro-
posed to be stricken out?
The CHAIRMAN was understood to say that
it was in order to move to amend the amendment.
Mr. STEVENS moved to strike out the word
"Minnesota."
Mr. S. said: I make this motion for the pur-
pose of destroying the section. I understand the
law to be, that any man who squats upon the pub-
lic land in any of the new States or Territories
before it is surveyed, is entitled to no preemption
right. He is a wrong-doer, trespasser. But if he
settles down after the land is surveyed, he gets
his preemption right. This section proposes to
give to this wrong-doer a right to take possession
of the lands devoted to sacred charity—if I may
call it charity for school purposes. The substi-
tute offered by the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Hall] allows this wrong-doer to obtain a pre-
emption right upon other lands simply because he
was a wrong-doer upon the school lands, and it
gives him an advantage over other trespassers
upon other public lands. Suppose there are twenty
other squatters upon unsurveyed lands: this sec-
tion gives to the man who has settled upon the
school-land a right to go and eject any of the
squatters upon the unsurveyed lands and take
possession, and it gives him a right to a preemp-
tion upon unsurveyed lands. I believe there is
no law which gives a right of preemption to set-
tlers upon unsurveyed lands. I may be wrong in
this.
Mr. PITCH. You are decidedly wrong.
Mr. STEVENS. I am informed by a gentle-
man behind me, who I believe is right, that there
is no law which gives a preemption right to un-
surveyed land, but the " higher law," which the
gentleman from Minnesota speaks of—the law of
the bowie-knife. Now, I think that we ought not
to recognize that kind of1' higher law " at any rate.
If we are to recognize a " higher law" above, we
are not, at any rate, to recognize a " higher law"
below. I cannot go for that. I hope the whole
bill will be killed. There is nothing in it but the
encouragement of wrong-doers and trespassers.
I therefore hope that the word "Minnesota" will
be stricken out, and that being done, the whole
bill will be defeated.
Mr. SIBLEY said, that the "higherlaw,' to
which he referred, was not any law of violence,
nor that of the Bowie-knife, as stated by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, nor a law from below,
but the law of public opinion, of public sentiment;
a higher law, which he believed existed elsewhere
in this country, as well as in Minnesota. This pub-
lic opinion was, if he might so term it, omnipotent,
and any enacted law affecting the rights of person
or property antagonistical to it, would always
prove a mere dead letter. This public opinion in
the West was in favor of granting to the settler on
unoccupied, and even on unsurveyed land, the full
benefits that had accrued from the bestowal of his
abor on the soil that he had improved. It had
been asserted that they had no right to protect a
wrong-doer—that settlers have no business to go
upon unsurveyed land, and that Government ought
not to sanction or give protection to such proceed-
ings. But the settlement of the greater portion ot
our western country, and the mighty advancement
of that region in wealth, population, and power,
had been the result of the encouragement that
Government had extended to settlers on the unsur-
veyed lands, by the passage of preemption laws
from time to time.
Mr. STEVENS said, perhaps he was ignorant
of these preemption laws, but he wished to inquire
of the gentleman from Minnesota, if there was
any law giving preemption right to squatters upon
unsurveyed lands?
Mr. SIBLEY said, that there was a law for the
benefit of the Territory of Oregon.
Mr. STEVENS said, he referred to a general
law.
Mr. SIBLEY said, that he did not know that
there was, but Congress had from time to time
encouraged settlers to go upon unsurveyed lands,
and had virtually protected them in such occupa-
tion. _ I
Mr. VINTON asked what was the question be-
fore the committee?
The CHAIRMAN said it was on the motion of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,]
to strike out from the 2d section the word "Min- i
nesota."
The question was then put; and, sixty-three i
gentlemen rising in the affirmative, it was declared
to be lost. i
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, demanded
tellers; which were ordered; and Messrs. Fuller
and Ewing were appointed.
The question was then iaken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 80, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SIBLEY asked if it was in order to move |
an amendment, to be inserted in lieu of that which
was stricken out?,
The CHAIRMAN said there was amotion now
f ending, made by the gentleman from Missouri,
Mr. Hall,] to strike out the entire section and
insert a substitute therefor.
Mr. VINTON said he had made a motion to
strike out the entire section. The motion to strike
out under the rule takes precedence of a motion to
strike out and insert. The question could not be
taken on the motion of the gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Hall,] to strike out and insert until
it had been taken on his (Mr. V.'s) motion to
strike out. If my motion does prevail, the gentle-
man from Missouri can move to insert his substi-
tute.
Mr. HALL was understood to say that if the
motion to strike out takes precedence, and that
motion should prevail, it would not then be in or-
der to move to insert at all. He thought the mo-
tion to strike out and insert took precedence.
Mr. BURT asked permission of the Chair to
state to the committee that the point made by the
fentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vinton,] was decided
y the committee a few days ago, and decided ad-
versely to the position of the gentleman from Ohio.
The reason, he understood, which induced that
decision, was, that if the motion to strike out were
entertained before the motion to strike out and in-
sert, the latter motion could not be made at any
time, and consequently no amendment could be
made to the bill. He apprehended the motion to
strike out and insert should take precedence. The
committee could then decide whether to strike out
the section after the insertion was made.
The CHAIRMAN said he believed the motion
to strike out and insert to be in order. He thought
it had been the practice, heretofore, to give a mo-
tion to strike out and inseil precedence to a motion
to strike out. It was very evident that a motion
to Strike out and insert does not prevent a motion
to strike out being made afterwards.
Mr. ASHMUN made a remark which was
inaudible to the Reporter.
The CHAIRMAN did not think further dis-
cussion on the point of order necessary. He de-
cided the motion of the gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Hall] to strike out and insert, to be in
order. 1
The question was then taken on Mr. Hall's
amendment to the second section, and it was not
agreed to.
The question having recurred on the motion of
Mr. Vinton to strike out the second section, it
was put and carried in the affimative.
Mr. BOWLIN moved to amend the first section
of the bill by striking out the following:
"And to provide by law for leasing the same for any
term not exceeding four years at any one time, in such
manner as to render them productive, and most conducive
to the objects for which they were designed."
Mr. B. said: I take occasion here to say, that
in regard to this matter, 1 am but performing a
public duty for which I have no relish. These
propositions have been before the Committee on
the Public Lands and have received no favor there.
I should not be &ithful to my trust, were I not to
state here, that this bill was brought into another
committee unconnected with public lands at all,
and forced upon the attention of that committee.
I deem it my duty to state this fact as chairman of
the Committee on the Public Lands; but I will
j assure you it affords me no pleasure whatever to
place myself in opposition to the wishes of the
gentlemen representing these Territories, or the
people of these Territories. I believe, sir, that it
would be impolitic to appropriate the proceeds of
these lands for the support of these Universities.
I believe it would be an impolitic measure for a
country situated as I understand the Territory of
Minnesota to be. The Committee on the Public
Lands came to the same conclusion, and considered
that it would be impolitic to lease lands that were
so magnificently timbered, and which in fact ren-
dered them of any value to the country.
Mr. SIBLEY. The honorable chairman of the
Committee on Public Lands is entirely mistaken
when he asserts that the provisions of the pending
bill were passed upon by that committee, The
subject was never brought before them, at least so
far as I have any knowledge of the matter.
Mr. BpWLIN, (resuming.) My recollection
of the matter is, that the propositions to lease the
lands and to grant preemption upon these lands,
were brought Lefore our committee and rejected.
That is the proposition in this bill; so that the
whole bill, in the same form in which it is pre-
sented to this House, has been before the com-
mittee. 1 only cite this matter in answer to the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Pitch;] and I would
say here, that I do not court opposition to these
measures, but I deem it my duty to state to the
House that the committee have had this matter
for some time under consideration, and discussed
the proposition at considerable length, and de-
cided against it. The proposition, after having
been rejected by the Committee on Public Lands,
was brought before another committee, which had
no relation to this matter. It is my duty to state
to this House that the Committee on Public Lands
rejected the proposition.
It does not follow, Mr. Chairman, that because
gentlemen may happen to reside in cities, that
they can know nothing about the public lands. I
would merely say this, in justification of the
course of that committee, that several of thtm do
not reside in the city districts. My opinion is,
that no project or measure could me more unpop-
ular in giving these lands for the purpose recom-
mended in this proposition, than, perhaps, to come
here four years hence and ask Congress to refund
! to the Territory of Minnesota all the damage
I which hall been done to these lands by means of
| our own legislation.
Mr. SIBLEY said: Mr. Chairman, I do not wish
to consume the time of the committee by discuss-
ing this matter further; but I must say that the
i chairman of the Committee on Public Lands J[Mr.
Bowlin] has fallen into a very serious error in re-
gard to this matter being brought before his con -
I mittee. This proposition has never been submit-
j ted to that committee; there has been nothing of
| the kind done, as far as I know anything about it.
; 1 brought up, at the last session, a proposition that
the Territory should have the right to sell every
I thirty-sixth section, to be applied to the support of
! schools in the Territory, which was referred to
the Committee on the Public Lands; but there was
nothing said about leasing the public lands for the
purposes specified in this bill. That proposition
, was never made. It was thought best to refer this
matter to the Committee on Territories, because it
i was considered more germane to the business of
that committee than to the business of the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands.
! I hope that section will not be amended as pro-
Posed by the chairman of the Committee on the
'ublic Lands.
Mr. SWEETSER rose to make a remark, but
The CHAIRMAN said no further debate was
, in order.
The question was then taken on the amendment
■ of the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Bowlin,]
and it was agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN asked if there was any other
amendment to the bill ?
Mr. SIBLEY moved the following amendment,
to come in at the close of the last section of the
, bill:
Provided, That whenever the lands now reserved for uJii-
: itary purposes in the vicinity of Fort Snelling, or any por-
tion thereof, shall be exposed to sale, the proceeds of such
i sale shall be applied as part of the fund contemplated by thin
' section, and the number of acres thus sold shall be deducted
■ from the two townships secured to said Territoiy of Minne-
sota by this act, for the support and endowment of a TTni
versity, and fbr no other purpose whatever.
Mr. S. wished simply to state, that the purport
