446
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 6,
of the amendment was to give the Secretary of
the Interior or the Secretary of War power to sell
the same number of acres included in the reserva-
tion around Fort Snelling as is provided for in the
third section, if there should prove to be that much
g-ood land in it, for the purpose of establishing a
University in the Territory as soon as such sale
could be made.
Mr. VINTON' said: Mr. Chairman, I hope
the amendment will not prevail. The effect of
the amendment will be, that these lands, appropri-
ated for the support of a University, will, instead
of remaining a permanent fund in the shape of
lands ti be leased, and the proceeds applied to
the support of a University, they will be sold and
the proceeds applied to other objects. Now, if
this provision is carried into effect, and authority is
given to sell the lands, I will venture to say, the
territorial government will squander the money for
other purposes in less than two years. I am op-
posed to any such provision.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was rejected.
EXPENSES OF THE CAYUSE WAR.
On motion by Mr. THURSTON, the commit-
tee took up and proceeded to consider Senate bill
No. 405, entitled " An act to pay the expenses of
the Cayuse war in the Territory of Oregon, in
the years 1847 and 1848."
The bill was read, as follows:
Be it enacted, !(e., That the Secretary of the Treasury
be, and be is hereby, authorized and directed to audit and
settle the cost and reasonable expenses of the war carried
on by the provisional government of Oregon against the
Cayuse Indians in said Territary in the years 1847 and
184cS, upon the presentation by the governor of said Terri-
tory or a detailed settlement of the expenses of said war,
properly authenticated, with the proper vouchers for the
same; and the sum of $190,000 be, and the same is hereby,
appropriated out of auy money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, to carry the provisions of this act into
effect.
Mr. BURT said: The gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Matteson,] from the Committee on
Military Affairs, on yesterday morning reported
a bill on that subject, but he believed it was not
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The CHAIRMAN replied, he presumed the
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Burt] was
mistaken. This bill, he had been informed, was
yesterday referred by the House to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BURT appealed to the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Matteson] to know whether the
bill had been referred ?
Mr. MATTESON replied that he reported the
bill yesterday morning from the Committee on
Military Affairs, which was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordered to be printed.
The CHAIRMAN said that the bill now under j
consideration was a Senate bill, and, asgentlemen
would recollect, was yesterday read the first and
second times, and referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BURT. I apprehend there can be no doubt
about it. I ask that the bill reported by the Com-
ritittee on Military Affairs be read, and 1 shall offer
it as a substitute for the Senate bill, or move to
amend the Senate bill, so as to strike out all after
the enacting clause, and insert the bill of the
House.
The House bill was then read by the Clerk.
[The bill appropriates $100,000 to pay the ex-
penses of this war, no part of which is to be paid
until satisfactory evidence is presented to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury that the money was ac-
tually expended, and that there was a necessity
for the expenditure.]
Mr. B. resumed: It is my duty, as a member
of the Committee on Military Affairs, to say to
the committee, that the amendment which that
committee recommended to the Senate bill, has
been very carefully prepared by the Committee on
Military Affairs, and that it appropriates $100,000,
whereas the Senate bill appropriated $190,000.
I feel confident that this committee will be disposed
to pass some bill on the subject.
In the years 1847 and 1848 a war, as it is termed
by the (governor of Oregon,, arose between the
inhabitants and some of the Indian tribes in that
Territory. Various depredations were committed
by the Indians, and the people of Oregon were
continually subjected to annoyances, until at last
one of the missionary posts of that Territory was
attacked by the Indians, and three of the mis-
sionaries, together with a numberof other persons,
were assassinated by them. In view of these out-
rages, it became necessary to chastise these In-
dians, and that chastisement was signally inflicted
by the people of Oregon. They ask that the ex-
penses of the war against the Indians, in which, I
think, some five hundred men were engaged, and
which lasted six months, shall be paid. The
payment of these expenses was recommended by
the late President of the United States, and by the
Secretary of War; and it is, in my opinion, very
proper that we should pay them.
'1 he bill which the Committee on Military Af-
fairs report is more guarded and stringent in its
provisions than is the Senate bill.
With the opinion, Mr. Chairman, that the Sen-
ate bill was not sufficiently guarded against abuses
by the government of the Territory of Oregon, we
inserted a provision in this bill which, in my
opinion, will render it almost impossible to draw a
single cent of money, unless a specific and satis-
factory voucher be produced, that the expense was
actually and necessarily incurred for the defence
of the people of Oregon. I shall make no more
remarks at this time, believing that the committee
will be inclined to concur with the Committee on
Military Affairs in making the appropriation,
which is intended to cover all such expenses as
were actually and necessarily incurred. It seems
to me, that no one can object to such a measure,
and that no one will be inclined to withhold an
appropriation under these circumstances.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Burt, and it was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. BURT, the bill was laid
aside to be reported to the House.
COLLECTION DISTRICT IN OREGON.
On motion by Mr. THURSTON, the commit-
tee next proceeded to consider Senate bill 407, en-
titled "An act to create an additional collection dis-
trict in the Territory of Oregon and for other
purposes."
The bill having been read, and there being no
motion to amend, it was laid aside to be reported
to the House.
ROADS IN OREGON.
Mr. THURSTON said: I wish to state to the
committee, preliminary to the motion 1 intend to
make 
The CHAIRMAN (interrupting the gentleman
from Oregon) said there was no bill before the
committee.
Mr. THURSTON. Then I move to take up
the bill to provide for the construction of certain
roads and bridges in the Territory of Oregon.
Mr. T. continued: 1 wish to state to the com-
mittee that the bill was reported the last session
by the Committee on Roads and Canals, or the
Committee on Territories, I forget which i It is
precisely similar to the bill which was passed for
the Territory of Minnesota. It is precisely simU
lar to bills which have been passed for all the
other Territories, with the exception of Iowa, Wis-
consin, and Arkansas. The bill for the Territory
of Minnesota, when it was brought up the last
session, passed without opposition, because it was
in conformity to precedents which have been here-
tofore established.
Now, sir, I must confess the committee have
been very magnanimous in regard to the bills
which have been presented here, in relation to the
Territory which I have the honor to represent on
this floor.
This committee and this House have always
treated me with very great kindness—a kindness
which I assure you I can appreciate sincerely.
The committee have concurred in the bills I have
presented here to-day, and which I regard as equiv-
alent to their passage in this House.
This bill provides for an appropriation of
$100,000, which I consider justly due to the Ter-
ritory of Oregon. These services were deepied
absolutely necessary, and the appropriation was
recommended by the Government officers in Ore-
gon, after a full and thorough investigation.
It was recommended by the Secretary of the
Treasury. It was again investigated by Mr. Da-
vis, of Massachusetts—who enjoys the reputation
of being one of the closest investigators in the
country—and was reported to the Senate, and
passed that body.
Now, although this bill proposes an appropria-
tion which 1 consider justly due to the Territory
of Oregon; yet, inasmuch as the committee have
already reported in favor of two bills I have pre-
sented, and inasmuch as I do not wish to draw
too heavily upon the Treasury of the United States
in favor of my own Territory, 1 shall feel called
upon not to press this appropriation upon the
committee, and allow the bill to go over. I do
not wish to draw too heavily upon the good feel-
ings of Congress, who have treated me with so
much magnanimity. I therefore move that the
bill be passed over for this session.
It was so ordered.
On motion by Mr. SIBLEY, the committee
took up and proceeded to consider House bill No.
421, to amend an act entitled " An act to establish
the territorial government of Oregon," and "Ail
act to establish the territorial government of Min-
nesota."
Mr. SIBLEY said: The clerical force now al-
lowed to the Territory of Minnesota is not ade-
quate to the labor to be performed. The business
of that Territory has so wide a range, that a great
deal more labor devolves upon the Secretary and
clerks than they can do. In consequence of this
state of things, there are now claims pending be-
fore the proper Department for extra service,
which they were required to perform. It has
been found necessary that the clerical force should
be increased, and it is therefore for that reason
that the bill has been presented here by the Com-
mittee on Territories, for the consideration of this
committee. I move, then, that the bill be laid
aside and reported to the House.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Sib-
let's motion, and it was agreed to.
! Mr. SIBLEY moved that the committee rise
! and report the bills.
Mr. FITCH. We have not yet disposed of all
j the business. Will the gentleman withdraw his
motion?
; Mr. SIBLEY withdrew his motion.
I COMPENSATION TO MR. BERNHISEL.
j On motion by Mr. PITCH, the committee took
1 up and proceeded to consider House bill granting
compensation to the agent of the people of Utah,
for carrying to Washington their memorial pray-
ing for the establishment of a State or Territorial
government in said Territory.
The bill having been read—
Mr. FITCH said: Mr. Chairman, that bill was
reported by myself in accordance with the direc-
tions of the Committee on Territories. It Was
originally drafted by another member of the com-
mittee who is temporarily absent. I have but very
few remarks to make in relation to it.
Mr. STRONG (interposing) said: I rise to A.
point of order. I submit whether this is a bill which
has reference to territorial business. It is nothing
more than a private claim.
Mr. FITCH. I wish to be permitted' to state,
in reply to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Strong,] that a similar provision will be found
in the organic law of the Territory of Oregon, in
section third. 1 presume that the gentleman will
not deny that that bill was reported by the Com-
mittee on Territories. It is true it contemplates
only one single feature of that bill. I am not pre*
pared to judge of the propriety or impropriety of
the reference made in that case, or of the report
made by that committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Strong] rises to a point of order,
that this appropriation cannot be properly consid-
ered as belonging to territorial business. Looking
at the title of the bill, the Chair is constrained to
decide that it is a bill within the range of territo-
rial bills. It provides an appropriation for per-
forming certain services for the Territory of Min-
nesota; and if this cannot be considered in the
nature of territorial business, I do not know how
you can make any compensation to any officer
within a territory for any particular service that
he may render.
The appropriation asked for in this case is for
services performed for the Territory. The Chair
decides that it is in order to take up the bill.
Mr. FITCH moved that the bill be laid aside
and reported to the House.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I would like to ask
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Fitch] whether
thi« gentleman is the second, or whether he is the
