443
fHE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I'el>. 6.
upon the table, and to lay the motion to recon- j
sider on the table: which latter motion was agreed
to.
Mr. STRONG inquired if all the territorial bills
were now disposed of?
The SPEAKER stated that such was the case.
DELEGATE FROM NEW MEXICO.
Mr. STRONG, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, made a report on the application of William
S. Masservy, Delegate from the Territory of New-
Mexico, accompanied by a resolution adverse to
his application. He moved that the report be
printed, and that the further consideration thereof
ne postponed until Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
BOARD OF ACCOUNTS.
Mr. NELSON moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on the special order—the bill to es-
tablish a Board of Accounts.
The SPEAKER stated that the consideration of
that bill had been postponed till to-morrow, and it
could not, therefore, be taken up to-day if the
House went into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union on the appropriation bills.
Mr. HARALSON inquired of the Chair what
would be the first business in order if the House
refused to go into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union? and if it would not be the call
of committees for reports ?
The SPEAKER stated that the first business in
order would be the call of the committees for re-
ports.
Mr. BAYLY said, that being the case he would
withdraw his motion to go into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. McL ANE, of Maryland, called for the reg-
ular order of^business.
The SPEAKER announced that reports were in
order from the Committee on Military Affairs.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. RICHARDSON, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back without amend-
ment, and with a recommendation that it do pass,
Senate bill entitled " An act to authorize the ex-
change of a lot on the Military Reserve site of
Fort Hamilton for an equal quantity of ground (
adjoining said site." !
Mr. R. briefly explained the object of the bill, ;
and asked that it might be put upon its passage.
The bill was read througn, ana finally passed.
Mr. JOHN A. KING, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back, without amend- 1
ment, and with a recommendation that it do pass, 1
Senate bill 130, for the relief of Margaret Hetzel;
which was referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. K. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the commencement of fortifications in the
harbor of New Bedford, Massachusetts; which
wan read a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and, with the report accompa-
nying, ordered to be printed.
Mr K. also, from the same committre, reported ,
a bill for the relief of Horatio Boutbee; which
was read a first and second time by its title, re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and
made the order of the day for to-morrow, and,
with the report accompanying, ordered to be print-
ed.
Mr. K., also, from the same committee, reported
a bill to reimburse the State of Vermont for the ser-
vices of her militia; which was read a first and
second time by its title, referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and, with
the report accompanying, ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. K., the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs was discharged from the further con-
sideration of the following petitions and memorials;
and they were ordered to lie on the table:
Sundry memorials from officers and soldiers,
and others who served in the late war with Mex-
ico, asking for bounty land and additional com-
pensation. [Providea for already.]
Sundry petitions and memorials of officers and
soldiers of the war of 1812, asking for bounty land
and additional compensation. [Provided for in
the eenaral bill.] j
The memorial of the clerks in the Adjutant ,
General's office, asking additional compensation
for extra services during the war with Mexico;
and
The memorial of Captain F. Steele.
On motion by Mr. K., the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs was discharged from the further con-
sideration of the petition of John McMullen, for
compensation for injuries to property rented by
the United States for the use of the Army; and it
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
ACCOUNTS OF ARMY AND NAVY OFFICERS.
Mr. J. A. KING, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported a joint resolution for the set-
tlement of the accounts of the officers of the Army
and Navy, contemplated by the section section of
an act for the settlement of the accounts of public
officers and others who may have received mon-
eys arising from military contributions or other-
wise, approved the 3d of March, 1849, and in
explanation of the same; which was read a first
ana second time by its title.
Mr. K. said that he had been instructed by
the Committee on Military Affairs to ask that the
resolution be put upon its passage. He asked
that the resolution might be read through.
The resolution having been read Mr. K. said:
The joint resolution that the Committee on Military
Affairs had presented, is introduced at the rec-
ommendation and by the approval of the Secretary
ofWar,and of the Commissioner of Customs. The
reason for its introduction is found in the difficulty
of putting a proper construction upon the second
section of the act passed, providing for the settle-
ment of the accounts of public officers authorized
to receive money and military contributions in
Mexico, passed March 3, 1849. It seems that by
the provisions of that act a compensation and com-
mission shall be allowed to officers employed to
collect the customs and military contributions in
the war of Mexico. But under the provisions of
the second section of that act of 1849, it was
found difficult to assimilate the different compen-
sation and percentage of officers employed in col-
lecting the customs of the United States. The
joint resolution proposed to limit the different com-
pensations and commissions at different rates in
relation to the amount received at different places
in New Mexico, at the capital, collected in the
cities of Vera Cruz and Tampico,and other places
in the shape of customs upon duties. The sums
thus collected have been all accounted for and have
been paid; but those who have collected them
have not been remunerated owing to the difficulty I
of which I have spoken. They were collected, I
am informed, by officers who not only discharged
this duty, but the duties of their military office.
They therefore now seek, by this joint resolu-
tion, to receive the compensation which the act of
1849 contemplated that they should receive, but
which they have been unable to receive in conse-
quence of the wording of that act, and the diffi-
culty of assimilating tne charges for the services
thus rendered, with the charges and commission
allowed under the Treasury act regulating the pay-
ments upon the collection of customs.
I may here state the fact, that of the large sums
of money expended by the quartermaster's de-
partment during the war with Mexico, amounting
to $24,000,000, not a dollar was lost to the public
Treasury, which evidences a degree of fidelity and
faithfulness to a public trust which I believe is
without a parallel in the history of this country.
This is the class of officers who, having settled
their accounts, and not having received their com-
pensation and commissions, now ask Congress to
pass a joint resolution which will enable them to
receive the pay to which they are entitled.
I may add another fact, that, in the performance
of this public duty, particularly at the port of
VeraCruz, these officers not only discharged it
with unexampled fidelity, but they discharged it
at the peril of their lives; for it was at a time of
the year when the vomito—the most pestilential of
all diseases—was raging, and of which more per-
ished than in all the battles that were fought in
Mexico. These officers have all discharged their
duties faithfully, and have accounted for all the
moneys they have received at a risk and danger I
that periled life. [
I may state, in reference to the provisions of the I
joint resolution, that it proposes to assimilate the j
compensation on the amounts received at the [
different places in Mexico. Of these sums, >
$2,200,000 was collected in Vera Cruz; in Tam-
1 pico, $725,000; in Matamoros $325,000; in San
Francisco £75,000; and in the city of Mexico
$200,000. The joint resolution proposes to give
the following rates of compensation or commis-
sion : on the sum collected in Vera Cruz one half
per cent.; one per cent, in Tumpico; one and a
naif percent, in IVlatamoros; and seven per cent,
in San Francisco. These rates are below the rates
that would be allowed under the law of 1845.
The sums that had been collected and accounted
for and paid into the Treasury, leave an excess
of $100,000, which the commander-in-chief pro-
poses shall constitute a fund for an asylum for sick
and wounded soldiers, and which sum has been
paid over into the Treasury. That so far as the
military contributious were concerned, they would
not go into the pockets of the officers and com-
manders of the troops, but would be appropriated
for the benefit of poor and disabled soldiers.
The officers that have collected these sums of
money so faithfully, and who did so at such peril
and risk, are, I think, entitled to tlie compensation
that the joint resolution proposes to give them.
I hope, then, that the House will sustain this joint
resolution, which proposes merely to carry out the
purposes and objects of the law of 1849, which
was defective in its provisions, and to enable offi-
, cers who have faithfully discharged a trust of the
highest character, to receive proper and just com-
pensation and commission for the services thus
rendered.
Mr. THOMAS said, that in rising to speak in
reference to the joint resolution which had just
been reported to the House from the Committee on
Military Affairs, not having any knowledge that
it woula be introduced, he could not be expected
to speak so pertinently to its details as would be
. the case if he had a better understanding of them.
Nevertheless, (said Mr. T.,) as the House has
been called upon to pass it without time for ex-
amination, I must bring forward such arguments
as may seem necessary to come to a conclusion,
either for or against it.
Now, Mr. Speaker, at the outset I may state
that this joint resolution seems to me to come from
a strange quarter. It ie a resolution which pro-
poses to give rewards and emoluments to indi-
viduals for the discharge of duties which, by the
; friends of the gentleman who has introduced the
: resolution, have, I believe, been termed unconsti-
; tutional acts, and as a usurpation of the powers of
1 Government. It has, sir, I believe, been the prac-
| tice of the country heretofore, at least since the
passage of the act of 1835, that officers in the pay
i of Government, either in the Army or Navy, snail
not receive any extra compensation for any service
they may perform. And here I would call the atten-
tion of the House to the act of 1835, in relation
to the Army and Navy; for if I am rightly advised,
(and if I am not, I hope the gentleman will set
me right,) the duties for the performance of which
compensation is proposed by this resolution, have
been discharged by officers in the Army and Navy.
[The military appropriation bill of 1835 was
read.]
Now it is proposed to pay these officers for dis-
charging those duties—for collecting those funds—
something over and above what is paid to other
officers of the same grade, that are engaged in the
service of the country. Now, what is the object?
Why should they be paid more? I apprehend
that it will not be urged that the services they
perform are more hazardous, more arduous, or
more dangerous. I have yet to learn that they
have incurred any greater risk of health or life, in
the collection of those revenues, than was incurred
by the brave soldiers who fought on the plains of
Cerro Gordo or Churubusco. I ask if there is
any reason upon this ground that these officers
should be compensated any more than those who
have periled life and limb in the field of battle?
But it may he said that they ran pecuniary risks,
extraordinary pecuniary risks, in receiving the
public money. But is it really so ? I know the
' fact to be different. While in several cases, offi-
cers—honorable gentlemen in the Army—who
have had money stolen from them, have come to
| this House, and hive had bills reported to com-
; pensate them for this loss, and we have paid them
every dollar of it. And, Mr. Speaker, it should
be so. 1 did not find fault with them. If we call
upon them to perform these services, and if in
faithfully discharging them, they lose our money,
it is our loss, anc^ not theirs.
