THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. R IVES.—TERMS $ 1 50 FOR THIS SESSION.
31it Cokgresi , Ho Session.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1851.
New Series.... No. 20
But if we pay them & percentage on the risk
they ran in collecting this money, and keeping it,
should they lose it, they ou ht certainly to make
it good. But I believe officers would not like to
be held personally liable in this way for all the
funds that might be committed to their care. I
apprehend, Mr. Chairman, that it would be im-
proper and unjust to allow officers to run any
such risk as that. Neither does this House as-
sume that the risk is theirs; for when they incur
a loss of our money we pay for it. This, at least,
is my view of it.
Again, Mr. Speaker, the details of the joint
resolution propose to make important discrimina-
tions between those officers who have collected
funds at one point, and those who have collected
them at another. If I understand rightly, seven
and a half per cent, is to be paid to officers who
have collected those funds at San Francisco. And
I believe that they were collected before the gold
mines were discovered in California, or before
there was any extraordinary rise there. As I
said, 1 do not perfectly understand this joint reso-
lution, nor can I speak with any confidence as to
its true merits. But from the examination which
I have been able to give to it, it appeara to me
to differ from the established usage of this country,
and from die principles which, to my mind, seem
to commend themselves to our due consideration.
1 think, then, that we should give a careful inves-
tigation to this resolution, and see whether the
arrangement proposed by the provisions of the
resolution are consistent with the welfare of die
country. These are my views on the subject,
Mr. Speaker, and I therefore feel it my duty to
move that the resolution be referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, demanded the
previous question.
Mr. JOHN A. KING requested the gentle-
man from Tennessee to withdraw his demand
for the previous question, as he wished to have a
portion of an act relating to the subject, read to
the House.
Mr. STANTON said that if the gentleman from
New York was not going to make any remarks,
he was willing to withdraw his demand for the
previous question.
Mr. KING then requested the Clerk to read the
second section of the act of 3d March, 1849, to
which he said this joint resolution was intended to
Clerk then read as follows:
Sec. 2. Jindbe it f urther enacttiL, That where an offi-
cer bas bad the supervision of the collection of the military
contributions at any of the ports in Mexico, and has, at the
same time, exercised civil functions under the temporary
government there established, or where an officer or other
person shall have performed the duties of collectors at such
ports, such officer or person shall he allowed a compensation
which shall be assimilated in amount, as nearly as may be,
including the regular pay and emoluments of such officer, to
that allowed by existing taws to officers ef thecastoras in the
United States, where the services are similarin amount and
Importance; such allowance, in all cases, to be determined
by the President of the United States. And all officers of
the army and other persons in public employment, who
bave received payment for their services in collecting, keep-
ing, or accounting for said moneys, and for other necessary
services, are authorized to retain so much of the amounts
so received as, in the opinion of the President of the United
States, may be a fair compensation for stud services.
Mr. KING renewed the call for the previous
question.
Mr. McDONALD moved to lay the joint reso-
lution on the table.
The question was taken on the motion, and
The SPEAKER announced the result of the
division—ayes 52, noes 55.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, called for the
yeas and nays on the motion to lay the joint reso-
lution upon the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, were—yeas 72, nays 75; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Anderson, Averett, Bay,
Beale, Bingham, Bowdon, Albert G. Brown, Joseph Cable,
Cartter, W. E. W. Cobb, Cole, Conger, Danner, Deberry,
Dickey, Disney, Dunham, Durkee, Ednmndson, Fowler,
Fuller, Gerry, Giddings, Gott, Hamilton, Hammond, Hay,
Haymond, Hebard, Hibbard, Hoagland, Howe, Joseph W.
Jackson, William T. Jackson, Andrew Johnson, Jones,
Julian, Kerr, Littlefield, Job Mann, Marshall, McDonald,
29
McGaughey, McQueen, McWiilie, Meade ? Morris, Otis,
Outlaw, Parker, Peaslee, Phelps, Powell, Risley, Robbins,
Sawtelle, Spaulding, Sprague, Richard H. Stanton, Alex-
ander H. Stephens, Stetson, Strong, Sweetser, Thomas,
Toombs, Wallace, Walking, Wellborn, Wildrick, Wil-
liam?, and Young—72.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Ashmun, Bayly, Bo-
cock, Booth, Bowlia, Briggs, Buet, Bullard, Burrows,
Burt, Butler, Joseph P. Caldwell, Campbell, Casey, Chand-
ler, Clarke, Colcock, Corwin, Dimmick, Dixon, Duncan,
Eliot, Nathan Evans, Fitch, Gentry, Gilbert, Gould, Grin-
nell, Hall, Halloway, I sham G. Harris, Sampson W. Har-
ris, Henry, Holladay, Howard, J. L. Johnson, R. W. John-
son, G. G. King, James G. King, John A. King, La S£re,
Matteson, McLanahan, Morse, Morton, Nelson, Newel!,
Ogle, Orr, Peck, Phcenix, Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Rock-
well, Ross, Ramsey, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Silvester,
Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, Taylor, Thurman, Tuck, Un-
derhill, Van Dyke, Vinton, Walden, Waldo, Wentworth,
White, and Wright—75.
So the House refused to lay the joint resolution
on the table.
The question then recurred on seconding the
demand for the previous question; and being put, !
there was a second.
The main question was ordered, which main
question was first upon the motion to refer the
joint resolution to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. BURT expressed a hope that the gentleman
from New York would allow the joint resolution
to be referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union. It was evidently the sense
of the House that it should be so referred.
The question was then taken on the motion, and
! it was decided in the affirmative.
] So the joint resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEE OF MILITARY
AFFAIRS.
Mr. BURT, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported the following bills, which were
severally read a first and second time by their titles,
! referred to a Committee of the Whole House, and
made the order of the day for to-morrow, and,
with the reports accompanying, ordered to be
; printed, viz;
A bill to provide for the payment of the compa-
nies of Captains Price, Bush, and Suarez, for
! military services in Florida;
j A bill for the relief of the legal representatives of
; Antonio Pacheco; and
1 A bill for the relief of Giles W. Ellis.
! Mr. B., from the same committee, to which was
referred the joint resolution of the Senate supple-
mentary to tne resolution to refund money to the
States which have supplied volunteers and fur-
nished them transportation during the present war
before being mustered into the service of the Uni-
ted States, reported the same back without amend-
ment, and with a recommendation that it do not
pass.
On motion by Mr. B.,the bill was ordered to lie
on the table.
, On motion by Mr. STRONG, the House then
adjourned.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. GILBERT gave notice, under the rule, of bis intention
to introduce to-morrow, or some subsequent day, a bill to
create and establish a branch of the Mi nt of the United States
at the city of San Francisco, in California.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions and memorials were presented ,
under the rule, and referred to appropriate committees: j
By Mr. FOWLER: The petition of Jason M. Archer and i
202 others, (of whom 169 are legal voters,) of Fall River, i
Massachusetts, praying for a repeal of the fugitive slave law. j
Also, the petition of James Tripp and 43 others, (of whom ,
34 are legal voters,) of Fairhaven, Massachusetts, praying
for the same object. j
Also, the petition of William S. Andrews and 77 others, :
(of whom 67 are legal voters,) of Easton, Massachusetts, j
praying for the same object. j
Also, the petition of George E. Johnson and 91 others, j
(of whom 72 are legal voters,) of Holliston, Massachusetts, j
praying for the same object. 4
Also, the petition of Joshua Bates and 71 others, (of whom
46 are legal voters,) of Hanover, Massachusetts, praying for ;
the same object.
AlsOjtbe petition of James F. Bradley and 55 others, (of j
whom 37 are legal voters,) of Hubbardston, Massachusetts, I
praying for the same object.
Also, the petition of Isaiah Chadwick and 80 others, (of [j
whom 41 are legal voters,) of Falmouth, Massachusetts,
praying for the same object.
Also, the petition of Gilbert Smith and27 others, (of whom
24 are legal voters,) of Warwick, Massachusetts, praying
for the same object.
Also, the petition of Barnabas Wixon and 134 others, (of
whom 78 are legal voters,) of Warwick and Dennis, Mas-
sachusetts, praying for the same object.
Also, the petition of Elkanah Nickerson and 75 others, (of
whom 40 are legal voters,) of Warwick, Massachusetts,
praying for the same object.
Also, the petition of Zenas Howe and 76 others, (of whom
57 are legal voters,) of Dennis, Massachusetts, praying for
the same object.
Also, the petition of Samuel L. Rockwood and 84 others,
(of whom & are legal voters,) of Hanson, Massachusetts,
praying for the same object.
Also, the petition of Lebbeus Stockbridge, jr., and 57
others, (of whom 33 are legal voters,) of Hanover, Massa-
chusetts, praying for the same object.
AUo.the petition of G. Severance and 80 others, (ofwhom
52 are legal voters,) of Duxbury, Massachusetts, praying for
the same object.
Also, the petition of Thomas Bicknall and 392 others, (of
1 whom 183 are legal voters,) of Kingston, Massachusetts,
I praying for the same object.
1 Also, the petition of James Sprague and 172 others, (of
1 whom 95 are legal voters,) of Marshfield, Massachusetts,
I praying for the same object.
] Also, the petitiou of Harvey Dyer and 227 others, (of whom
' 125 are legal voters,) of Pembroke, Massachusetts, praying
; for the same object.
Also, the petition of N. W. Everett and24 others, (ofwhom
' 10 are legal voters,) of Wareham, Massachusetts, praying
for the same object.
Also, the petition of Milton Litchfield and 67 others, (of
whora34 are legal voters,) of Scituate, Massachusetts, pray-
' ing for the same object.
Also, the petition of Joshua James and 107 others, (of
whom 55 are legal voters,) of South Scituate, Massachu-
setts, praying for the same object.
Also, the petition of Lemuel Jones and 60 others, (of whom
52 are legal voters,) of Nantucket, Massachusetts, praying
for the same object.
Also, the petition of Straleo Clark and 57 others, (of whom
37 are legal voters,) of Brewster, Massachusetts, praying for
. the same object.
Also, the petition of J. F. Clark and 39 others, (of whom
32 are legal voters,) of Sandwich, Massachusetts, praying
for the same object.
Also, the petition of John Carter and 361 others, (of whom
| 237 are legal voters,) of Barnstable, Massachusetts, praying
1 for the same object.
And said petitions were referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
j By Mr. THURMAN: The petition of John Fitzgerald,
i W. V. K. McLean, and 40 other citizens of the county of
I Clinton, New York, remonstrating against the passage of
1 the Canada reciprocity bill.
j Also, of Thomas A. Tomlinson and 20 other citizens of
Clinton and Essex counties, New York, for the same.
Also, of Mathew Lane and 200 other citizens of Bedford,
Clinton county, New York;
Also, of L. Stetson and 240 other citizens of Clinton
county, New York;
Also, of L. Chappel and other citizens of Clayborough,
New York;
Also, of William Wilson and other citizens of Lewis,
i Esse* county, New York;
Also, of John W. Bailey and 106 citizens of Plattsburg,
Clinton county, New York;
Also, of L. Myers and 175 other citizens of the same
place;
Also, of John T. Keese and 600 other citizens of Peru,
, Clinton county, New York; all praying for a modification
of the tariff of 1846, so as to give greater protection to do-
mestic labor.
Also, of E. H. Rosekrans and others, protesting against the
extension of the patent for Parker's percussion and reaction
water wheel.
By Mr. HOAGLAND: The petition of Edwin C. Bidwell
and others, residents of Coshocton county, Ohio, for the
repeal of the fugitive slave law.
Also, a similar one from Timothy Emerson and others, of
the same vicinity.
Also, one from Andrew Elliott and others, of the «ame
place, for a similar purpose.
Also, one from Moses Thomson and others, on the same
subject.
By Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas: The petition of A. G.
Mayers and 46 other citizens, for the improvement of Neosho
or Grand River, in the Indian country west of Arkansas.
Also, the petition of Jackson Biglow and 45 others, for
the same object.
Also, the petition and letter of J. C. Brickey for a mail
route in Arkansas.
Also, the memorial of the Legislature of Arkansas for
a donation of one hundred and sixty acres to each head of a
family in Arkansas.
Also, the memorial of the Legislature of Arkansas, pray-
ing the erection of an hospital by the United States for the
sick and indigent.
Also, the memorial of the Legislature of Arkansas, pray-
ing an appropriation of $150,000 to remove the raft in Red
river.
Also, the memorial of Samuel H. Webb and 130 others,
citizens of Arkansas, against the creation of a western dir
trict court in Arkansas.
By Mr. JULIAN: The petition of 124 citizen^
A the
