1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
453
been acted upon at all, and only one hundred and
fifty-one, on an average, during each Congress,
have been finally disposed of. From this the com-
mittee will perceive that only about one twenty-
fourth of the whole number of the claims that have
been presented to this House during the past ten
years have been finally acted upon. And of all
the claims that have been presented to both Houses
of Congress during these ten years, only nine
thousand two hundred and fifty-six have received
any account whatever from either branch of the
Legislature, and only one thousand eight hundred
and fifty-one during the same period have received
final action. It must strike every one that this
ought not so to be. These claims should be acted
upon and disposed of finally in some proper man-
ner.
That this tribunal is the proper forum no gentle-
man in this committee will believe. In our own
experience, during the present Congress, every
gentleman present must nave seen that the House
of Representatives, as a judicial tribunal, is the
most unsafe that could be devised. And I may
add, though perhaps I ought not to, that it is the
most inconsistent with the duties that attach to a
judicial tribunal.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, (interposing.) Will
the gentleman from New York allow me to make
an inquiry ? I wish to know if the gentleman's
statement of the number of claims that have been
acted upon has reference to the claims which have
been reported by the committees, or to all the
claims which have been taken up by the House and
acted upon ? I want to know if he makes any
distinction between these claims?
Mr. NELSON. I said, that during these ten
years only nine thousand two hundred and fifty-
six claims have been acted upon by both Houses
of Congress; and that during each Congress, only
an average of one thousand eight hundred and
fifty-one: a large number having received no action.
This will be seen according to the schedule an-
nexed to the report of the last Congress. • -
Mr. HARRIS. I wish to know whether the
gentleman includes all the claims that have been
reported by committees?
Mr. NELSON. I understand that they have
been before committees. That is to say, when I
speak of the number of claims during these ten
years that have been acted upon, I presume - they
have been either before a committee of the House
or a committee of the Senate; and, as I have be-
fore said, the whole amount is nine thousand two
hundred and fifty-six. Such I believe to be the
case. I may be mistaken.
Mr. DUNHAM. I wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman if, in many of these instances, the same
case is not included as having come up at each
Congress?
Mr. NELSON. I mean, by the statement I
have made, that thisis the whole number of cases
that have been acted upon during the ten years
spoken of.
Mr. DUNHAM. The gentleman does not un-
derstand me. I ask him whether the same case
may not have come up over and over'again at the
several Congresses, and been included more than
once in the total number?
Mr. NELSON. It is very probable that it may
have been so. Indeed, it is necessarily the case
that claims that have been received at a previous
Congress, and left over to the subsequent one 
Mr. DUNHAM. That is exactly what I wish
to know.
Mr. NELSON, (incontinuation.) Mr. Chair-
man, every gentleman who has served upon the
Committee on Private Claims must feel the great
necessity of some other mode being provided by
Congress for the proper adjudication of these
claims. It is not in the power of any committee
of this House, in consideration of the duties that
devolve upon it, and especially it is not in the
power of the Committee of Claims even, should
they devote their whole time to the investigation
of the various claims that come before them, to de-
cide properly on their true merits. When I say
this I speak of the aggregate number.
The time will not allow a large proportion of these
claims to be investigated, and even if the commit-
tee—as it no doubt does—disposes all its time and
its best exertions to investigate all that comes up
before them, they cannot come to a right conclu-
sion upon each. Each gentleman in the committee
usually takes a case or cases, and forms his opin-
ion upon them, and states it to the committee, and
as a general rule they concur in the conclusion at
which he has arrived. There are undoubtedly ex-
ceptions to this rule; but generally each case un-
dergoes the examination, at least the close and
minute examination of but one member of the
committee. It is reported on favorably or unfa-
vorably as the case may be, and put upon the cal-
endar. We know how few of these cases are then
reached at all, how difficult, in fact, that any gen-
tleman on this floor can understand the cases thus
presented and pronounce a judgment understand-
ing^. When the House does pass upon a case,
we know it generally arrives at its decision upon
the opinions of one or two gentlemen that have
partially examined it.
But supposing that the cases do undergo a thor-
ough examination here, we know by experience
that in passing upon a little private bill, perhaps
only involving the payment of $100 or so, how
expensive an operation it is. Why, we spend four
times the amount, perhaps ten times the actual
amount of the claim in discussing it here. In pre-
senting our views on each case to each other, and
perhaps in supporting our little prejudices, it is con-
suming our time. This is not the proper place.
Allow me to say that, to some extent at least,
experience has shown us that appropriations have
been made for the payment of these private claims;
that private claims have been allowed and author-
ized to be paid, that upon investigation very few
individuals in this House would be found to approve
of or vote for. And 1 believe the history of our
legislation will show that scarcely has there been
a Congress, but that some unjust claims have
passed unobserved and unopposed through this
House.
Well, sir, it is necessary that some mode should
be devised by which the country could get rid of
this expense—some mode by which we may save
the Government of days that are now occupied by
this House in the investigation of these claims,
that ought to be appropriated to other and different
subjects. Some mode is necessary that would not
do any injury to the country, or to the individual
applicants.
We must, therefore, adopt some other plan. I
freely confess that I am as yet wedded to none. I
am simply desirous of accomplishing the end we
aim at in the best way. I wish some proper tri-
bunal to be established that will be able properly
and thoroughly to investigate these claims, and
honestly and intelligently to decide upon them, so
that the interests of the Government on the one
hand may be protected, and that justice may be
done to the honest claimant on the other. The '
bill that has been reported by the Committee of
Claims came from the Senate. It strikes me to be
as unobjectionable as any that have been presented, j
That it is defective, I shall not pretend to doubt. 1
The best bill that has been proposed to this House, i
upon experience has, perhaps, proved defective, j
But I trust that there is patriotism and intelligence 1
enough in succeeding Congresses to correct any ,
error that we may commit, and to supply any de-
ficiency that may be found in the enactment of any I
bill that may pass this Congress. j
In the first place, this bill provides for the ap- !'
pointment of three commissioners, to be chosen |
by the President of the United States and the Sen- j:
ate. At the expiration of two years ene goes out J j
of office; at the expiration of four years another,
and at the expiration of six years a third. After j
that, each is to hold office for six years from the '
time that he is selected, removable at any time,
however, for official misconduct. It seems to me i
that this is a very prudent, discreet, and I think a
very wise provision. You always keep in the
board two members who have had some experi-
ence, one going out of office every two years, so
that you euways retain in the board one having
had at least four years' experience, and the other
at least two years. The bill also provides that the
decision of the board, when unanimous, shall be
conclusive upon certain classes of claims—in
cases where the claims are founded upon enact-
ments of Congress, upon any positive rule or reg-
ulation of any Department, or in cases that have
been referred to the Board of Claims from either
of the Departments.
Is not this all reasonable and proper. The
bill also provides, that whenever any claims are
presented to Congress, and they think proper to
refer them to this board, founded upon existing
laws, in these classes of claims their decision is to
be fined.
What forum, what tribunal, I would ask, would
be so likely to do justice, and dispose of matters
as they should be disposed of, as one thus consti-
tuted? We do not expect to find perfection in any
human being. But may we not expect that this
Board of Claims will be as pure, as intelligent,
and as capable of investigating these claims and
reporting upon them rightly and justly, as the
Bench—the Supreme Court that sits in this Capi-
tol? And may we not expect that the individuals
that may hereafter compose this forum will be as
pure and honorable?
I think that this bill is decidedly preferable to
the substitute proposed by the Committee on the
Judiciary. If I understand the provisions of that
substitute, this board is to cease at the expiration
of four years. The gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Meade,] who has reported this substitute, I un-
derstood to say that we are trying an experi-
ment. But that we must have such a board as
this proposed, and that it must be permanent, no
man can doubt, or that it should have the power
necessary to carry on its investigations.
Let us then establish a board, which I believe
all feel to be necessary, that shall be permanent,
and subject at the same time to the action of Con-
gress hereafter. If there is anything defective in
it, amend it; if, however, it is found to be worse
than useless, why, sir, it is perfectly as competent
and convenient for any future Congress to repeal
the act, as it would be to re'enact a law on the sub-
ject, when it might be found expedient and neces-
sary.
The bill, I think, provides for all descriptions of
petitions presented to Congress. To protect the
interests of Government, an officer will attend the
examinations in its behalf. Every case is to un-
dergo a proper examination; the facts of the case
are to be acquired, not ex parte, but the examina-
tion is to be conducted by the claimant, or his
lawyer, on the one hand, and the Government at-
torney on the other. Thus the commissioners
will no doubt be enabled to get the true facts of
the case before them. They will thoroughly ex-
amine every case, and will decide and report ac-
cording to their decision to this House, giving the
reasons for their decision. As the action of this
board in many cases is not to be conclusive, it
is not liable to much abuse.
The bill provides for a clerk, and for a messen-
ger, and after the details I have already given, the
House is in possession of the entire provisions of
the bill.
If it can be amended, so much the better. I ap-
prehend there is no member on this floor but who
is desirous that the bill should be as perfect as pos-
sible, so as to avoid possible abuses.
I do not suppose that it is incumbent upon me
to contrast the merits of the original bill with the
substitutes that have been proposed, as they are
not now under consideration. But at the proper
time I will endeavor to present my own views of
the relative merits of the respective propositions
before the committee.
Mr. THOMAS said: Mr. Chairman, during the
last session of the present Congress, the public
mind was greatly excited with the questions that
were then before it, and all parts of the country
were called upon to heal " five bleeding wounds '
which were then destroying the body-politic. They
were said to be healed, and I hope they were, for
there is no man upon this floor who desires the
prosperity of the country more than I do. Now,
sir, what do we see? Public attention is now di-
verted to the depletion of the Treasury. What is
the situation of this Department? It is bleeding
from a hundred wounds to the amount of fifty
millions a year—that blood supplied by the toil-
ing millions of the Union—and this is a bill which
proposes to open more wounds and give us a still
freater opportunity of inflicting injury upon that
ranch of the Government. I apprehend that the
friends of the country need have no very serious
fears of a plethora in this Department of the Gov-
ernment.
It seems that we cannot get along without a re-
sort to the extraordiary measures asked for in this
bill, and that we must no longer use those means
which the Government has employed for so many
years. I invite the serious, calm consideration of
the members of this House to the merits of this
bill, and to the various propositions now before
