1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
457
an ordeal—an ex parte examination and report in
Congress; if all the frauds and perjuries committed
in our best courts could be set in array before the
public eye, the gentleman, in his horror at this dis-
play of inequity, would close all the tribunals, and
absorb the judicial functions of the Government
in the two Houses of Congress. But is he sure
that he would increase the security or amend the
matter by such a transfer? Congress, by commit-
tee, wrote the history of the commission of claims,
arising out of the war of 1812. But who is to
write u e history of the delinquencies of Congress?
1 have read a fable, in which a contest between a lion
and a man is described. The fable is illustrated
by a picture, which represents the man on the top
of the cowering and vanquished lion. The moral
goes on to say, "lions do not write, or else the
lion would be on top and the man at: the bottom."
Who shall disclose the secrets of our prison
house ? Of the present Congress I may not speak,
otherwise than most respectfully—they are all
honorable men; but there may have been an
American Congress heretofore, and such may
succeed us, who could not be induced to under-
stand how a few hundred dollars justly due to
an humble claimant, might carry comfort and joy
to.a comfortless and joyless home—who would,
week after week, refuse the days which the rules
devote to private claims, to the poor anxious per-
sons who nave for years mourned over the law's
delay, but could suspend the rules on a proper
occasion for some greatscheme, when brokers and
bankers, and agents and adventurers, from Cape
Cod to Cape May, could make out a strong case,
backed by powerful and convincing arguments;
make large appropriations for great projects, all
for the advancement of civilization, the mission of
philanthropy, and the good of the human race. I
am not concerned for the interest of the soaring
eagle or the solitary condor—for all birds of prey
are solitary in their habits. They fly high and
have an extended horizon; should they vary
slightly from their direction in their lofly flight, or
droop a winj for a moment, the eye of the ob-
server would scarcely detect the failure, or perhaps
mistake it for an accomplishment. The flight of
humble birds can be easily watched, and all their
imperfections marked ana exposed. The crow,
who plucks a plant of corn, is a thief; whilst the
eagle, who bears away the kid, is a noble, heroic
bird. Some poor, miserable, because unprincipled
man commits a perjury in swearing to his state-
ment, or a forgery in making up his evidence to
cheat the Government out of a paltry pittance, and
all the humble, small claimants are denounced, and
a trial of their causes denied—the faint moanings of
the widow and the orphan, the eloquent pleadings
of the wounded and decripit, made so in our service,
of the humble mechanic, agriculturist, or Manufac-
turer, are all too low a key to reach the ear amidst;
the "noise and confusion" produced by great
and more important enterprises. It is to takefrom
Congress these smaller matters which they have no
time to examine, that I am anxious for the pas-
sage of this bill with some modifications.
But, sir, where is the danger of corruption and
of crime ? Do I understand the gentleman as say-
ing that the court itself—the commissioners, will -
be in danger of corruption, and that such a board
cannot be trusted to examine and report upon the
facts, the law, and the equity of a claim against the
United States? Has it come to this? Do gentle-
men gravely announce that such is the corruption
of the whole country—such the venality and de-
pravity of learning, talent, acquirement, the first, :
highest, and best in all our broad land, that a
board of claims, nominated by the President and
confirmed by the Senate, cannot be found, whose
honesty, integrity, and learning can be received as
security for the discharge of their duties in the
premises? Has the whole experiment so thor- :
oughly failed? and is this failure announced on
the floor of the American Congress? Is the power
safer here ? Do we profess to be above the average.
of our constituents in those qualities which make
a man honorable and unimpeachable? Or are we
so superior to the "rest of mankind," that any
committee which can be scared up in this House,
is superior in all the qualities necessary for a chan-
cellor to any three men that the President may j
select, with reference to this very object, or whom
the Senate may confirm after their merits have .been j
canvassed? If the decay of morals is such, that j
this board cannot be found amongst the material I
presented in our whole population, how will our
bench be filled when the present honest and un-
approachable incumbents shall die? Sir, this is a
grave question, if the gentleman apprehends the
corruption in the board itself, and resists the meas-
ure on that account.
But, sir, if he is apprehensive that witnesses
may swear falsely and parties act corruptly in that
court, let me ask him if the inducements are not
much greater and the chance of detection much
less here than before any other tribunal? In the
details of business before this House we all know
that detection is impossible. All the papers, dep-
ositions, and records ate ex parte, and nothing wil-
lingly placed in the proof which would defeat the
claim. We all know that papers are withdrawn
by leave of the House; the evidence improved; all
that was in the way of recovery destroyed, and
claims based upon the most fraudulent pretences are
passed, because parties and their agents are skillful
and importunate. Now, sir, can any gentleman
, gravely suppose that such things coula occur when
able and sound men directed the investigation?—
when the attorney of the United States superin-
tended the taking of the testimony, where all the
safeguards of the law were preserved, to keep back
and check fraud and crime? No, sir; such a sup-
position would be impossible. I desire to transfer
this part of our business to those whose time and
whose talents are exclusively devoted to the work
j —who are responsible to us and to the country for
the manner in which it is done. I desire to com-
mand high talents, high integrity, high character,
and elevated feelings, and 1 am willing to pay
them for this important duty. The most costly
and unserviceable articles in which men ever dealt
are those whose advertised cheapness constitutes
i their chief recommendation. A cheap judge, doc-
j tor, mechanic, or politician, will turn out to be
| either a pettifogger, a quack, a botch, or a dema-
i gogue—a bad purchase at any price—a material
which, like counterfeit money, only increases the
poverty of the possessor in proportion to the quan-
tity of his possessions.
, bir, I am content to adopt the bill with some
modifications, or the amendment of my colleague,
[Mr. Daniel,] authorizing the investigation in the
courts and retaining the power over the appropria-
tions here. I wish to remove from Congress a
class of claims and claimants which we have no
time to analyze, nor opportunity to accord justice.
Our protracted sessions are consumed, in a great
measure, in preparing business which is never
decided—placing cases on the calendar which are
never heard—the close of one Congress leaving
all the reports and business to be again referred,
again reported on, and again objected to, and laid
over. These interminable sessions, expensive,
tedious, and undesirable, are in a great measure
attributable to the jurisdiction of private claims.
Let us, sir, place it where, whilst we do not part
with the control of the result, we shall at least
have a fair and just showing of the cases; where
the lights which guide us to our determination are
true, and not false. I rejoice, sir, that I have not
lost confidence in the integrity of the courts, or
those individuals to whom we must look to com-
pose those tribunals. Should the day come when
the ermine shall cease to be the emblem of spot-
less purity'—when the integrity of the judges and
the authority of the courts shall no longer be ven-
erated or respected, we may retain the forms, but
we shall have lost the substance of liberty. It
should be remembered that incompetence is often
as mischievous aa corruption; that weakness and
ignorahce have often exceeded in mischief over
criminal purposes; that whilst a tribunal which is
always accessible to adjust the complaints and set-
tle the demands of the people, is a blessing which,
like the sun, sheds light on both the high and the
low, refreshing and enlivening all within the reach
of its rays,—nothing so degrades public morals,
or mofe effectually robs justice of its power, than
courts incompetent to their duties, either from de-
fective organization, or the want of time or ability
to meet the public demands. Fraud or force be-
comes the arbiter in the conflict of interest. The
dominion of might and chicanery is complete; the
weak fall before the strong, the poor before the
rich, until revolution or despotism closes the
drama.
In vain shall gentlemen say that a decision
against the claimant by the court, or board, will
not prevent his coming before Congress again.
Sir, the costs and trouble of the investigation—the
respectability of the tribunal—above all, the full and
fair trial he has had, will render it so improbable
that Congress will entertain his petition that the
evil will be of small amount. With such cases as
may come, Congress will doubtless deal promptly.
I am constrained, sir, to abjure the present mode
of adjusting claims—first, because it is the most
expensive; secondly, the most tardy; thirdly, the
most unsatisfactory; fourthly, because most pro-
ductive of crime and corruption—crime committed
with impunity, and corruption which cannot be
reached by punishment. Again, this House is
incompetent, because occupied by other duties,
which absorb all the time of those who compose
it. The consequence of all which is, that it is the
worst arrangement for the adjustment of claims
that the wit of man could devise,—a promise of a
remedy in form, but a denial in substance—the
offer of bread to the starving, but with cruel in-
genuity placing it in sight, but utterly beyond the
reach of the sufferer. Our calendar may well be
called the death-house of claims, like the Morgue
in Paris, where bodies of suicides are exposed and
duly described and registered. Friends may come
and take them away, but that is all that is left for
their pious performance. We invite on private
claim days, the claimants to come to the feast;
but the objector, like Sancho's doctor, snatches
away the viands which had excited the appetite
and promised to assuage it.
Sir, I have never objected to a claim because I
had not examined it, or did not understand it. I
never thought the poor claimant responsible,
either for my want of diligence or perception. I
have, in the absence of other evidence, usually
been guided by the report of the committee who
had the subject in charge. I should be much better
satisfied with the case made out after a jury had
ascertained the facts, and the court laid down the
; law. I should deem it a safe guide. Add to this
the assurance that our Houses of Congress would
experience such relief in relation to these aforesaid
claims—the importunities of agents and parties,
the censures of letter-writers, and their approba-
tion not less undesirable, together with all the
category of unmeutioned and unmentionable ap-
pliances which sometimes are observed. All this
stream of evils and annoyances would disappear
with our claim list, and leave us to the business of
legislation and the discharge of our duty to our con-
stituents.
Nothing, Mr. Chairman, has given me more
pain in my connection with public life, than the
manner in which these private claims are disposed
of here. Whilst I acknowledge that claims, large
and groundless, have been passed, there are now
upon your calendar many having the greatest
merit, sustained by frequent favorable reports, the
demands of poor, suffering petitioners, some mu-
tilated, and others sinking under the stroke of
disease and time, who, by delay and denial of even
a hearing, are no nearer the goal than when they
started. Sir, I have no indemnity from the in-
firmities and weaknesses which mislead other men;
I do not presume to be better or more just than
they; but I trust that I may never, by any act or
vote in this House, deny justice, because I deny
a trial of their claim to those who, in virtue of the
right of petition, guarantied by the Constitution
to all, have presented their claims here. I should
fear the realization of those judgments which the
prophet announced as the punishment of those
who "withheld from the hireling his wages, and
turned aside the stranger from his right."
If there be a curse that I would dread, or a
blessing that I would crave, it is that agonizing
malediction which a sense of wrong calls forth,
or that blessing which justice and kindness has
evoked from the poor ana ready to perish. Heaven
spare me that cup made bitter by the widow's
tears, and those reflections which must arise from
a denial of the poor man's right. I am equally
averse to a system which pampers fraud and gives
a bounty to cupidity and crime—where vice, made
rich by plunder, can command decisions and se-
cure success—where impositions upon the numer-
ous courts which now decide upon claims, are
so easily perpetrated and with such difficulty de-
tected. I desire that competent persons sh&U be
appointed to the exclusive duty of the analysis of
those claims, and shall perform that duty, so that
fraud may be rebuked in the corrupt, and prompt
relief given to the deserving.
