460
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 7,
the Secretary of the Commonwealth, with the re-
quest that I would either hand the same to Mr.
Rantoul on his arrival at the seat of Govern-
ment, or present it to the Senate, as I might think
best. In the exercise of the discretion thus court-
eously afforded me, and at the instigation of the
friends of Mr. Rantoul, I have allowed a day to
intervene, in order that his wishes and intentions
on the subject might be ascertained. 1 am unwill-
ing, however, to be responsible for prolonging
my own term further, ana I therefore present the
certificate to the Senate, with the understanding
that, agreeably to the recent report of the Judici-
ary Committee, the presentation of the credentials
will imply an acceptance on the part of the Sena-
tor elect, so far forth at least as to terminate the
office of the sitting member.
Mr. W. thereupon presented the credentials of
his successor, ana retired from the Senate.
The Secretary having read the credentials of
the Hon. Robert Rantoul, Jr.—
Mr. CLAY. I rise to what I suppose ought
to be considered a privileged question. I think
we ought to dispose of the question of the right
of the member who has just presented these cre-
dentials to retain his seat. I heard the report of
the Committee on the Judiciary read the other
day, and I confess that I do not concur in one
conclusion to which that committee came, and if
the Senate will not concur in it, the retiring mem-
ber will be entitled to retain his seat until there is
some acceptance by competent evidence known on
the part of the person elected. I move, therefore,
to take up the report of the committee, with the
view of deciding whether the retiring member is
entitled to his seat.
Mr. BUTLER. I wish to say a word by way
of explanation of the report of the committee. 1
do not know that it is necessary to take up the re-
port, but it is necessary, perhaps, that the report
should be explained. The view which I entertained
in the committee, and that which I think prevailed
with the members present, was this: that at the
next ensuing session of a Legislature after an Ex-
ecutive appointment has been made, it becomes
the duty of that Legislature to fill the place of the
member holding the seat under Executive ap-
pointment. I am one of those who believe that
the place cannot be filled until the person elect is
ready to fill it, or accepts the commission. That
is my opinion. Ordinarily, the member elect ap-
pears with his credentials, and presents them
through another member. That is an express ac-
ceptance, and invests him with a right to occupy
the seat. In other cases, he may send them on
himself, and when he sends them himself, it is, of
course, an express acceptance on his part of the
office tendered him by the Legislature. When,
however, he does not send them, but they are sent
by the Executive of a State, the Executive under- '
takes to be his agent; in other words, the person
elect authorizes the Executive to send them here,
or they would not be sent. I say, no Governor
ought to send credentials here of his own accord,
without consulting the member elect. The report
goes no further than to say that there is, under
such circumstances, an implication that he does
accept. I admit it is an implication that may
be controlled and rebutted by evidence; but when
the credentials are sent under the authority of the
Executive, I hold it to be an implied acceptance
of the office, and that the party who has been
elected is authorized to fill the seat from that time.
From the time that" fie is entitled to fill it by ac-
cepting the office, the sitting member's right is di-
vested. This question comes up in this way:
These credentials were sent, as I understand, to
the sitting member, with authority to present them
if he thought proper, or to hand them over to Mr.
Rantoul. Mr. Rantoul is not here to receive them.
The sitting member has been embarrassed by the
consideration that if he were not to present them,
he might, in some measure,'occupy by usurpation
a seat to which by possibility he was not entitled.
I understand the delicacy of his situation, and
should certainly have acted as he did if I were
Elaced in similar circumstances. He did me the
onor of consulting me in relation to the matter.
Mr. Rantoul has been elected for some days,
but there has been a perfect silence upon the sub-
ject of his acceptance. If the Governor were per-
emptorily to instruct the Senator from Massachu-
setts to present the credentials, I should regard it
as being on the authority of the member elects I
am somewhat embarrassed in relation to this mat-
ter, because I do not know whether this gentle-
man has accepted or not. But I do maintain that
when his credentials are presented and read in open
Senate, it is a strong implication that he has ac-
cepted, and that he is entitled to occupy the seat,
or to take upon himself the office and franchise of
a Senator. I think it very unsafe to say when
credentials are read in this way that there should
not be an acceptance implied.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. Mr. Presi-
dent, I rose with a view of asking the attention of
the Senate when the Senator from Kentucky rose.
It seems to me that we ought to have some more
distinct, definite, and certain rule than that which
is proposed to be established by the report of the
committee.
My purpose in rising was to offer a resolution
for the consideration of the Senate, to establish
such a rule. But in doing this I ought to say,
what is true, that it is done without conference or
consultation with my colleague, [Mr. Winthrop.]
So far as I know his opinions—and I believe I un-
derstand them very well—it would not be his desire
or wish that, on hisaccount, any measures or steps
should be taken to establish any rule, or change,
or vary, or alter the practice of the Senate in any
particular whatever. The position which he has
occupied here was somewhatembarrassing to him,
as all the Senate can see. He owes, in the first
place, a duty to himself, and would not wish to be
thought to desire a seat here for a few days. On
the other hand, he owes a duty to his State, which
he feels under obligation not to relinquish unneces-
sarily. In this state of things, as tne alternative
was given to him by the Governor or by the Sec-
retary of the Commonwealth, to present the cre-
dentials of Mr. Rantoul, in that I think he has
done entirely right. It accords with my own judg-
ment. But, nevertheless, it has struck me from
the beginning that it is very desirable to establish
some rule that shall guide us in all cases which
may follow.
My reason for that is, that this question now
arises under circumstances favorable to a settle-
ment. There is no personal feeling, so far as I am
aware. There is no party feeling on this question.
It may be settled, therefore, according to the delib-
erate judgment of the Senate; and with a view to
accomplish that object I send to the Chair a reso-
lution which I have drawn up for that purpose.
The Secretary read the resolution as follows:
Resolved, That a Senator appointed by the Executive of
a State to nil a vacancy is entitled to hold a Beat until the
Senate is satisfied that a successor is elected and has accept-
ed the office: Provided, That such electibn and acceptance
takes place during the session of the Legislature held next
after the vacancy occurs, and that such acceptance ought
not to be inferred from the mere presentation to the Senate
of the credentials of the newly-elected Senator.;
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Kentucky to take up
the report of the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. RHETT. Mr. President, I hold in my
hand the Constitution of the United States, a por-
tion of which I beg leave to read to the Senate:
" And if vacancies happen by resignation or otherwise
during the recess of the Legislature of any State, the Ex-
ecutive thereof may make temporary appointments until the
next meeting of the Legislature, which shall then fill such
vacancies."
I could hardly suppose there was any ground
for difference with respect to the meaning of this
clause of the Constitution, so plain does it appear
to be. The appointment is to be temporary, and
is to be only until the next meeting of the Legis-
lature. The word " then" clearly shows that this
is the meaning of the Constitution; " which" (that
is, the Legislature) " shall then (that is, at that
lime—the time of the meeting of the Legislature)
fill such vacancy. It being thus made the duty of
the Legislature, at the time of the meeting of the
Legislature, to fill the vacancy, the appointee of
the Executive of the State cannot constitutionally
be in the occupation of it. His commission can
only run " until the meeting of the next Legisla-
ture." Now, sir, I know that the practice has
been entirely different in this body. Construction
has taken the place of the simple meaning of the
Constitution, and Senators have been allowed to
hold their places under Executive appointments
until they have been superseded by the election of
the State Legislature. But recent events have oc-
curred in several of the States to show that this
Eractice may be a very great abuse. In case the
regislature of a State is unable to elect a Senator
in consequence of a difference in the political opin-
ions of his legislative constituency, he may hold
on here for a succession of terms.
Several Senators. No, no; the next session
terminates it.
Mr. RHETT. I should like to know why.
The Legislature may be in existence for two years';
and if you depart from the restricted view of the
Constitution I uphold, the occupant of the seat by
Executive appointment must hold it until he is act-
ually superseded by another Senator, elected by
the Legislature; and, as I have said, this may not
be for several sessions of Congress. If the words
" until the next meeting of the Legislature" are
not a limitation on the duration of the appoint-
ment, then there is no limitation at all to the ap-
pointment, excepting an actual election; if they
area limitation, as I contend, it is a limitation
"until the meeting of the Legislature." The
meeting of the Legislature puts an end to the ap-
pointment of the Executive, and then, at that time,
a vacancy existing, the Legislature fills it. Sir,
the language of the Constitution appears to me to
be very simple and very plain. If there be any
inconvenience resulting from the fact that a State
is not represented here, it is not the fault of the
Senate; it is the fault of the State. A State may
think proper to send no representatives here at all.
She would suffer by having laws passed for her
by others, and not by her own representatives.
This will not justify us in stretching theConstitu-
tion to give her a representation. I agree with the
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Davis,] that it
is proper we should settle the rule upon this occa-
sion. There cannot be a better time; and it ap-
pears to me we should settle it by reversing the
precedents which have heretofore been followed,
and come back to the unquestionable and plain
words of the Constitution.
Mr. BUTLER. There is authority in relation
to this matter, and I yield to the force of the au-
thority. This subject was well discussed in 1809,
in the case of Mr. Samuel Smith, of Maryland. I
yield fully to the reasoning in that case, and the
authority of it. I ask for the reading of the re-
port of the committee in this case.
The motion to take up the report was agreed to,
and the report was read, as follows:
The Committee on the Judiciary, to which was referred
a resolution directing said committee to inquire and report
at what period the term of service of a Senator appointed by
the Executive of a State, during the recess of the Legisla-
ture thereof, rightfully expires, have had the same under
consideration, and report:
The question presented by the resolution turns mainly
upon the construction of the clause of article 1, section 2, of
the Constitution of the United States, which provides that
"ifvacancies happen, by resignation or otherwise, during
the recess of the Legislature of any State, the Executive
thereof may make temporary appointments until the next
meeting of the Legislature, which shall fill such vacan-
cies. "
Your committee are of opinion that the sitting member
under Executive appointment has a right to occupy his seat
until the vacancy shall be filled by the Legislature of the
State of which he is a Senator during the next meeting
thereof. To fill such vacancy, it is not only necessary to
make an election, but that the person elected shall accept
the appointment. And your committee are further of the
opinion that such acccptance should appear by the presenta-
tion to the Senate of the credentials of the member elect,'or
other official information of the fact; at which time the
office of the sitting member terminates. When the member
elect is present and ready to qualify, his express acceptance
is at once made known, and when his credentials are pre-
sented in hi* absence, his acceptance may be fairly implied.
These general views are sustained by precedents. An
early one may be found in the Senate Journal of 1809, page
381, where the question was settled, after debate, by the
adoption, on the sixth of June, of the following resolution:
" Resolved, That the Hon. Samuel Smith, a Senator ap-
pointed by the Executive of Maryland, to fill the vacancy
which happened in the office of Senator for that State, is
entitled to hold his seat in the Senate of the United States
during the session of the Legislature of Maryland, which,
by the proclamation of the Governor of said State, was to
commence on the 5th day of the present month of June;
unless said Legislature shall fill such vacancy by the ap-
pointment of a Senator, and this Senate be officially in-
formed thereof."
The precedent in this case has been uniformly
followed from that time to the present, in the
many cases that have arisen involving the same
question.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
resolution of the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Davis.1
Mr. CLAY. Upon the first readingof the Con-
stitution, one would be apt to come to the con-
clusion announced by the Senator from South
Carolina [Mr. Rhett] just now. But I think,
upon a more careful and critical examination o
