462
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 7,
thing that the certificate certifies is true, and that j
is, that Massachusetts has elected a Senator. I !
presume Mr. Rantoul is a man of the same sort
of flesh and blood as the rest of mankind, and it is
said that there has never been one elected to the '
Senate that has declined to accept. Therefore it is :
not only derogatory to the State of Massachusetts,
but it is insulting to Mr. Rantoul, to tell him that
he is such an anomaly of mankind that he will not ,
accept an election to the Senate of the United j
States. |
There is another thing to which I wish to call
the attention of the Senate. I find on page 31 of
" Hickey's Constitution" the certificate of Mr.
Buchanan, Secretary of State, that this copy is
" correct in text, letter, and punctuation." I take
it that it is so, and, not to affect any great learning
above all the rest of mankind, I wish to call the
attention of the Senate to that clause of the Con-
stitution which has been quoted, in order to see >
what the adverb " until "qualifies. It strikes me 1
that it qualifies the verb " make." Then the Ex-
ecutive of a State " may make temporary appoint-
ments until the next meeting of the Legislature."
If that be the true grammatical construction of the
clause, it means that the moment the Legislature
meets, his power to make appointments expires; i|
it is functus officio. Then the power is vested in '
the Legislature," which shall then fill such vacan- j
cies." This " until" does not relate to the con- •
tinuance of the person in office, but simply quali- !
fies the time when the power shall be exercised by i
the Governor, and that until the Legislature meets;
then the power is vested in the Legislature. That,
it strikes me, is the true grammatical, as well as
the common-sense interpretation of the Constitu-
tion. It does not follow that it is incumbent on
the Legislature to make the appointment the first
day; but when they have exercised their power
and sent us the usual evidence of their action we
have no further duty to perform.
The honorable Senator from Massachusetts sug-
gests that they may send somebody here that is
disqualified in point of citizenship. Did we not
have a case like that in relation to the honorable
Senator from Illinois? [Mr. Shields.] What ac-
tion did the Senate take on that case ? They took
the certificate of the authorities of Illinois as evi-
dence that he was elected, and administered the oath
and gave him his seat, with all its advantages.
Then under that clause of the Constitution which
confers on the Senate power to judge of the qualifi-
cations of its members an inquiry was instituted into
the matter. The very case the honorable Senator
puts shows that it is the duty of the Senate, in the
first instance, to give full credit to the doings of
the Legislature, as certified to them.
Believing, then, as I do believe most fully, that
the Legislature has done everything required of it,
and that we have nothing else to do, I move to lay
the subject on the table.
At the request of several Senators, the motion
was withdrawn.
Mr. RHETT. I have but a very few words
more to say. The Senator from Kentucky has put
a construction on this clause of the Constitution tq
mean during the whole term of the next session of
the Legislature. Hence he concludes that an ap-
pointee of the Executive can hold his seat during
the session of the next Legislature, but no longer.
Now, if this was the intention of the Constitution,
it was very easy for its framers to have said so.
They have said so in another article of the Con-
stitution, relating to appointments very similar to
Senatorial appointments. The Constitution gives
the President of the United States the power to
fill, temporarily, vacancies to office during the re-
cess of the Senate, exactly as the Executive of a
State fills vacancies in the office of Senator during
the recess of the State Legislatures. The words
are as follow:
" The President shall have power to fill up all vacancies
that may happen during the recess of the Senate by granting
commissions, which shall expire at the end or their next ses-
sion."
Now, the words are very different with respect
to Senatorial vacancies. They are to be filled by
" temporary appointments until the next meeting of
the Legislature, which shall then fill such vacan-
cies." Surely such a difference of phraseology
must mean very different things. The one ex-
pressly provides that the appointee to office shall
office until " the end of the next session
of the Senate;" the other, that the appointee shall
hold the office " until the next meeting of theLegis- ] I
lature." The difference of phraseology in these j
two cases in the Constitution shows that the con- "
struction of the Senator from Kentucky, making j
them to mean the same thing, cannot be correct.
The time for the election by the Legislature seems
to me distinctly declared—it is to be at " the next
meeting of the Legislature," and the Legislature
is " then to fill the vacancy." The Senator from
Kentucky says that this construction would make
the Legislature elect immediately. Certainly, sir.
Is it any new thing, either in the Constitution of
the United States or of the States, that a particu-
lar time is designated for the election of important >
officers? The State can elect immediately,as the ;
Legislature did the other day in electing the Sena- [
tor from Michigan. He was elected on the very ,
first day of the meeting of the Legislature. There
is no difficulty about it. I say, if the State thinks
proper to postpone the election, it is her loss, and
the fault is hers, not ours—the Constitution hav-
ing provided that she shall do it. Why, sir, the
words are not even qualified. They read, " shall
then fill such vacancies." According to the con-
struction given on the other side of the Chamber,
there is indeed no vacancy at all. If a temporary
appointee fills the seat when the Legislature is in
session, there is no vacancy for the Legislature to
fill. According to the strict meaning of the term,
the Constitution intended there should be a va-
cancy at the opening of the Legislature, and, there
being a vacancy, it should be filled by an appoint- I
ment of the Legislature. If the construction of
the gentleman be correct, there is no vacancy at
the time. The seat is already filled, and the word
" vacancy" ought not to exist there in the terms
of the Constitution. I think, therefore, under all
the circumstances, that this is the plain, literal,
sensible view of the Constitution; and being my-
self always accustomed, by habit and reflection,
to look to the plain meaning of the Constitution,
and avoiding, as I have always done, all construc-
tions which, when once begun, are limitless, I
think we ought to stand by the words of the Con-
atitution.
Mr. SEWARD rose and addressed the Chair.
Mr. DOWNS. I rise to a question of order.
There is a standing order of the Senate that at one
o'clock on Friday private bills shall be taken up.
I ask if under the rule other business must not
necessarily cease at that time?
The PRESIDENT. The Chair considers this
a privileged question, inasmuch as the Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Winthrop] withdraws
under the impression that the presentation of the
credentials of his successor vacates his seat. A
resolution has been offered and is under consider-
ation in relation to the matter.
Mr. SEW ARD. I have only a single word to say,
and I rise to say that solely because I find myself
unable to vote for the resolution of the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr Davis,] in fa-
vor of which my feelings and wishes draw me.
If this had been a new question I should have con-
curred at once in the construction of the Constitu-
tion given by the honorable Senator from South
Carolina, [Mr. Rhett,] which I think is the literal
exposition; but it is too late, I think, to review the
construction which has been acquiesced in so long,
and which was adopted soon after the establish-
ment of the Government. Then adopting the con-
struction which has been given in the precedents
heretofore established, that this seat was filled by
the person appointed by the Governor until the
vacancy should be filled at the next session of the
Legislature, I cannot adopt the opinion that the
terms employed in the Constitution were designed
to close the term of the person holding office by Ex-
ecutive appointment on the first day of the session,
or on the first hour of the session, or on the last
hour of the previous recess of the Legislature; be-
cause if we adopt a construction so artificial and
so technical, it would follow that, unless the Legis-
lature should, on the very first day, or in the first
hour, fill the vacancy, or at least make it the first
act of their session to appoint a Senator, the
Legislature would never afterwards have the power
to fill the vacancy. I think, therefore, that the
construction given to that clause of the Constitu-
tion by the honorable chairman of the Judiciary
Committee [Mr. Butler] is sound and correct, to
wit, that the vacancy may be filled by the Legis-
lature at any time during its session.
Then the question arises, what constitutes the
act of filling the vacancy? It strikes me that the
Chair has given a true exposition of that act. The
Legislature have a duty to discharge; they perform
that duty by appointing a person to fill the vacan-
cy. They are to be presumed to have ascertained
the competency or the qualifications of the person
whom they have selected. They are not to be
presumed to have sent here a person constitution-
ally disqualified from accepting the trust; they are
not to be presumed to have selected an alien, one who
has not resided within the United States a constitu-
tional length of time; they are not to be supposed
to have appointed a man under the required age;
but on the other hand, it is due to the Legislature,
due to the State, to suppose that they have ascer-
tained that the person whom they have appointed
was competent to discharge the trust. And I think
further that it is our duty to presume that they
have ascertained also the fact of his acceptance of
the trust, for it is not to be supposed that any State
would notify us of the appointment of the person
who had refused to accept, or about whose accept-
ance they entertained any question. I suppose,
therefore, that a person who is appointed by a
Legislature is from the day of his appointment a
Senator in the Congress of the United States. I
suppose that he is to be deemed and reputed a3
holding that office, and entitled to all its privileges.
The time when he will accept it, the time when
he will enter upon the discharge of the duties of
the office, is a question for himself alone. He
may never accept it, but the State has discharged
its duty, and it remains with the State to take
care that the vacancy shall be filled. It seems to
me, therefore, that we ought to pass over the ques-
tion of acceptance of the office, for if we wait for
an acceptance, how shall we define what is to be
an act of acceptance of this trust. There may be
various forms in which a willingness to accept may
be signified. An exercise of the franking privi-
lege would imply a willingness to accept. If we
wait for an actual acceptance, we ought to define
what that acceptance shall be. After having ex-
amined the question with care, I have come to the
conclusion that we ought to regard the State as
having sent here a person qualified, and therefore,
that it has filled the vacancy which existed, and so
I come to the conclusion that the temporary ten-
ure of the senatorial office in this case has ended,
and that the vacancy which it continued has been
constitutionally filled. It may be that it will prove
to have been imperfectly filled, but the legislative
appointment is sufficient until it shall be found
otherwise.
Mr. WALKER. I desire to present views for
the consideration of the older members of the Sen-
ate, for I think there is a view of the subject which
has not been taken at all, and that it is one which if
looked into will bring us to a proper conclusion
upon the subject. I take it the term "until" in
the clause does not relate at all to the term for which
the temporary appointee shall serve, but is descrip-
tive only of two periods of time, within one of
which periods the Governor may appoint, and aftpr
which the Constitution is mandatory that the Legis-
lature shall appoint. What is the reading of the
Constitution ?
"If vacancies happen by resignation, or otherwise, du-
ring the recess of the Legislature of any State, the Execu-
tive thereof may make temporary appointments until the
next meeting of the Legislature."
That is as much as to say that the Executive
may make temporary appointments until such time
as the Legislature shall next meet. What is to be
done after that time ? Then the Legislature shall
"fill such vacancies." It seems to me clear that
the Constitution intends by using these words to
describe or point out who shall nil the vacancy at
two different periods. "Until the next meeting of
the Legislature" the Governor of the State shall
fill it; after that the Legislature shall fill it; conse-
quently the word " until" has nothing whatever to
do with qualifying the term of Senator.
It seems to me that the Constitution would
clearly express what was intended if it read thus:
" and if vacancies happen by resignation or oth-
* erwise during the recess of the Legislature of any
' State, the Executive thereof may make temporary
' appointments until the Legislature shall meet;
but, after the Legislature shall have met, it " snail
fill such vacancy." It will be observed also that
the term " temporary appointments" in the plural
is used. It does not say temporary appointment.
I take that to mean this: Suppose the Governor
makes one appointment to fill the vacancy tempo-
