464
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 7.
he does to the other clause of the Constitution,
when he supposes the word "until" to apply to
the continuance of the Senator appointed by the
Governor. The Senator from Wisconsin prop-
erly took the ground that the "until" applied to
the time the authority of the Governor was to be
exercised. It is necessarily so, because a vacancy
might happen in the representation of a distant
State, California for instance; and it would require
inconsiderable time before a Senator elect could
make his appearance and have his credentials pre-
sented. The idea of the Constitution was that
the vacancy should be temporarily filled until the
Legislature should elect, and the seat become en-
tirely vacant when the Legislature adjourns with-
out filling it. I do not know exactly what is the
question before the Senate.
The PRESIDENT The question before the
Senate is the amendment of the Senator from South
Carolina to the resolution of the Senator from
M assachusetts.
Mr. DOWNS. I consider the adoption of
either the resolution or the amendment would be
changing the precedents altogether, which I dislike
to do. In order, therefore, to test the question,
I move to lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. BERRIEN. Will that carry the report
■with it ?
The PRESIDENT. It will not. The report
does not conclude with any resolution; and this is
simply a resolution offered in relation to the mat-
ter. The Chair is under the impression that even
if the resolution were laid upon the table the report
■would still be before the Senate.
Mr. BERRIEN. I ask the Senator from Lou-
isiana to withdraw his motion.
Mr. DOWNS. My motion was not intended to
embrace the report, but I withdraw the motion.
Mr. BERRIEN. .As-a member of the Judi-
ciary Committee, and not having been present
when this subject was under its consideration, and
as members of" the committee and other Senators
have thought proper to express their opinions on
this question, I feel that my position requires that
I should state briefly the views which I entertain. >
I have no doubt that the Senator states truly
the views of the framers of the Constitution, when
he says that this provision was made with a view
to keep the Senate full by the representation of
each of the States. In fact that suggestion is
distinctly made in the discussions before the Con-
vention. The importance of the provision was
asserted upon the ground that the Senate was a
comparatively small body to the House of Repre-
sentatives, and that, therefore, it was necessary to
keep it constantly full. With the distinct under-
standing that that was the view of the framers of
the Constitution, with the perfect concession of
that fact is to be taken this other idea, that the
means by which they proposed to carry out their
intentions have been expressed in the language
of the Constitution. The simple question is,
whether we are to read the provisions of the Con-
stitution and understand them according to their
plain literal import, or whether, with the view of
carrying out the intentions of the framers of the
Constitution, we shall give them an artificial con-
struction. I maintain, contrary to the suggestion
of the Senator from New Yokr, that the construc-
tion which is contended for by the Senator from
South Carolina [Mr. Rhett] is the natural and
plain interpretation of the Constitution; and
that that which is contended for by the Senator
from New York results from the artificial tech-
nical idea that the meeting of the session of the
Legislature, like the session of a court, is a unit,
ana constitutes but one day. The interpretation
of the Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Rhett]
is the plain and literal interpretation. Almost
every Senator who has spoken concedes that that
was the first inipression made upon his mftld
by reading the Constitution. It is the pressure
of the idea of the necessity of keeping the Sen-
ate full, of avoiding vacancies in this body,
which induces them to acquiesce in the artificial
construction to which I have referred.
According to the view of the subject which I en-
tertain, this "clause of the Constitution conveys two
distinct powers to two distinct authorities. It con-
veys a power to the Governor of a State, when a
vacancy happens during a recess of the Legisla-
ture, to make a temporary appointment. It con-
veys a power to the Legisluture when they shall
meet to fill the vacancy. Now, in regard to the
appointment to be filled by the Governor, the Con- [
stitution says it shall be " temporary." But it is |
limited further "until the next meeting of theLegis- I
lature." Now, it is said " until the meeting of the j |
Legislature" must include the first day, and there- i
fore all the days of the meeting of the Legislature.
But what is the interpretation of the word " un-
til?" If we look to our common understanding
of the term, or if we consult lexicographers, the
plain meaning of it is " to the time that." Then
the Governor is to " make temporary appoint-
ments to the time that the Legislature next meet,"
is the meaning of the Constitution. Everybody
knows that, in common parlance, when we say
such a thing shall exist until such a time, we mean
it shall terminate just at the point of time preceding
that time. The temporary appointmeut by the
Governor until the meeting of the Legislature is
an appointment, therefore, to expire with the last
moment of the recess of that Legislature. When
the meeting of the Legislature has occurred, then
comes into exercise the second power given by
this clause of the Constitution—the power of the
Legislature to fill—what? "To fill the vacan-
cy."
Now, look at the subject in another point of
view. It is said the Governor has a right to make
an appointment which is to continue until it be
superseded by an election made by the Legisla-
ture. Then the appointee of the Governor fills
and terminates the vacancy, and the office contin-
ues full until the election is made by the Legisla-
ture. But the power which is given to the Legis-
lature is not a power to appoint a successor to the
appointee of the Governor; it is a power to fill a
vacancy subsisting. Now, how can that vacancy
subsist if the appointee of the Governor holds
over after the meeting of the Legislature? It will
be observed that the Legislature has no right to
fill a vacancy except by virtue of the authority
given by this clause. An antecedent clause says:
" Senators shall be elected by the Legislature for
the term of six years." That is a power given
to the Legislature to elect for a full term; but the
power to fill a vacancy is derived only from this
clause; and if the appointee of the Governor fills
the office until after the meeting of the Legislature,
then there is no vacancy for the Legislature to fill,
and the specific power given by this clause can
never be called into exercise.
I am very well satisfied that inconveniences may
result from this. A Legislature may leave a State
in part unrepresented in this body, but that is an
affair for that Legislature. There are distinct sov- i
ereignties represented in their sovereign capaci-
ties in this body, and it is for them to say when
they will be represented here. The Constitution
gives to the Executive of a State the power to make
a temporary appointment until the meeting of the
Legislature which shall fill the vacancy. Then, if
the Legislature has power to fill the vacancy on its
meeting, the vacancy must exist when it does meet.
The Legislature cannot create a vacancy. By the
act of election it fills the appointment, and if it fills
the appointment, and if the person appointed by the
Governor still holds over, they do not fill a vacan-
cy, but appoint a successor.
These are the views which I entertain on the
subject, and which I have felt it my duty to express.
I have adverted to the suggestion made by the
Senator from Wisconsin, that the term "until"
related only to the power of the Governor to ap-
point, and not to the duration of the commission.
The duration of the commission is still more dis-
tinctly ascertained by the preceding term, by the
provision that the Legislature shall fill the vacancy,
since that requires that there should be a vacancy
at the meeting of the Legislature. But if the prop-
osition of the Senator from Wisconsin is correct,
the power of the Governor to appoint must con-
tinue up to the last moment of the recess of the
Legislature. According to his interpretation it
would be in the power of the Governor to appoint
aperson who should hold over during the session of
that Legislature, until superseded by an appoint-
ment made by them. Now, if you will refer to the
debates of the Convention, at the time this provision
was under consideration, it will be found that the
motive for the power which was given to the Gov-
ernor to make an appointment during the recess
was, as I stated before, to prevent vacancies in the
Senate. The proriety of conferring the power
was resisted upon the ground that the Legislative
and Executive departments ought to be kept dis- ,
tinct, and that the Legislatures would meet so fre-
quently as to render it unnecessary. I think the
provision of the Constitution proceeds upon the
supposition that it is the right of the Legislature,
representing the sovereignty of the State, to decide
for themselves when the vacancy shall be filled.
Mr. WALKER. The Senator from Georgia
disagrees with me in regard to my construction of
this clause of the Constitution. I should be glad
to call his attention particularly to the effect of his
own argument. If the word "until" is designed
to be a limitation upon the term of the Senator, it
makes perfect nonsense of the clause of the Con-
stitution itself. What is it? It is that "if vacan-
cies happen, by resignation or otherwise, during
the recess of the Legislature of any State, the Ex-
ecutive thereof may make temporary appointments
until the next meeting of the Legislature." Ap-
pointment or appointments are single, individual
acts. They cannot have duration; therefore the
Senator's construction of the Constitution can-
not be correct, for it would make the Constitu-
tion itself nonsensical. Here is a single act or
succession of acts, not in themselves susceptible of
duration. Then the Senator is concluded on an-
other point, for the reason that the Governor does
not fill the vacancy at all. The Constitution pro-
vides that he shall make temporary appointments
—just as many of them as are necessary during the
time from the occurring of the vacancy to the
meeting of the Legislature. But what takes place
then? The Legislature fills the vacancy. The
Constitution gives the Governor power to make
appointments. He may exercise it until the meet-
ing of the Legislature. That is the literal meaning
of it.
Look at the question in another point of view.
The Senator from Georgia says that if the Gov-
ernor fills the vacancy, there is no vacancy for the
Legislature to fill. The fallacy of his argument is
in assuming that the Governor does fill the vacan-
| cy. The Constitution does not say so. It says,
I merely, that he may make temporary appoint-
ments. Ths vacancy still continues; and it is that
very vacancy that the Legislature has to fill.
When we come to the duration of the term of the
Senator appointed, the Constitution says nothing
upon the subject. When the Constitution intends
to fix the limit or term of an office, it does so in ex-
press terms; but it does not say so in this instance.
There is no reference to the term of the Senator
appointed is this clause of the Constitution. It
does not speak of the term, but only of the time
within which the Governor may exercise his pow-
er. The vacancy continues till the Legislature
elects.
Mr, BERRIEN. The gentleman from Wiscon-
sin asserts, with considerable confidence, that the
construction which I have ventured to give to this
clause of the Constitution makes it nonsensical.
That is a very strong expression. I hope he does
not impute nonsense, or the want of common sense,
to myself.
Mr. WALKER. Oh, certainly 1 did not apply
the term in any personal sense. I stated my opin-
ion that the construction put upon the clause would.
make nonsense of it.
Mr. BERRIEN. The difference between the
Senator from Wisconsin and myself is this: Does
the appointment of the Executive fill the vacancy ?
The Senator supposes that a vacancy can only be
filled by the Legislature. Now, take the case of a
vacancy arising during the recess of a Legislature,
and the meeting of Congress before the meeting of
that Legislature. The appointee of the Executive
comes here with the Executive commission, takes
his seat, and is sworn in as a Senator of the United
States, as every other Senator is. He has all the
Cowers, all the rights and privileges, and is bound
y all the obligaUons of every other Senator. Is
that seat filled, or is it vacant? That is the ques-
tion.
Mr. WALKER. If the Senator will allow me
I will answer him. The seat is filled, but it is by
a distinct method of appointment by the Governor.
The vacancy is not filled, for the Constitution says
the Legislature shall fill the vacancy.
Mr. BERRIEN. The question is answered,
the seat is filled. I suppose common sense would
deduce the conclusion that if it be filled it is not
vacant.
Mr. WALKER. The Senator does not take
my distinction. I would ask him if there is no
distinction between Senators occupying seats by
