THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $1 50 FOR THIS SESSIOJN.
31st Congress, 3d Session.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1851.
New Series No. 30.
appointment from the Governor and those appoint-
ed by the Legislature to fill vacancies?
Mr. BERRIEN. There is a difference between
persons in that situation, but tliat difference is
limited to the duration of their appointments. The
duration of the appointment of a Senator appoint-
ed by a Governor is limited to the meeting of the
Legislature; the duration of the appointment of an j
individual elected by a Legislature to fill a vacancy
is limited by the expiration of the term of him
whose vacancy he was appointed to fill.
But let us recur to the proposition which these i
questions do not affect. The proposition is sim-
ply, when does a vacancy occur which under this
specific grant of power, the Legislature have power
to fill ? My proposition is that it occurs to instante 1
on the meeting of the Legislature. But what the
Legislature may do one day it may do on any
day, and therefore at their pleasure it may be done
early or late in the session. But the Executive
appointment fills the vacancy from the time when
it is made and accepted by the nominee, and fills
the vacancy until the meeting of the Legislature.
The party comes here and takes his seat under
Executive commission; nobody doubts that he is
as much a Senator as if he was elected by the
Legislature. Can there be an individual vested
with all the powers, rights, privileges, duties, and
obligations of a Senator, sitting in the seat of a
Senator, and yet not filling the seat?
Mr. WALKER. I wish to ask the Senator j
this question: do two vacancies occur? j
Mr. BERRIEN. Unquestionably. A vacancy
occurs on the resignation which is filled by Exec-
utive appointment, and a vacancy occurs on the
termination of that appointment, which is filled by
the Legislature.
Mr. WALKER. The Constitution says the
Legislature shall fill such vacancy. Which one
is it? Is it the one which has occurred in conse-
quence of the original vacancy or not ? i
Mr. BUTLER. I am very sorry that my '
friend from Georgia was not in the committee at
the time they agreed to make the report. I can
assure him that the remarks which he has made
to-day would have had very little influence on my
judgment. I understand him distinctly to lay
down the proposition, for I do not intend to meet
kis refinements, that a vacancy filled by an Ex-
ecutive appointment terminates on the meeting of
. the Legislature. Do I understand aright? ,
Mr.'BERRIEN. The Senator is correct in his j
understanding. [
Mr. BUTLER. I want palpable propositions. I
The proposition of the Senator from Georgia is, i
that the vacancy is filled by the Executive, and j
that the Executive appointment terminates upon
the meeting of the Legislature. Now I will put
a very clear case. Mr. Webster was elected for
six years. He resigned bis seat and took a
place in the Cabinet. Upon his resignation the
power devolved on the Executive of Massachu- ;
setts, to do what ? Not to fill the vacancy. Thene
is no such language in the Constitution. You
cannot find it in the Constitution that he is to fill ]
the vacancy. There are two different administra- >
tions to carry out the same power, and the power
is administered in this way. The Executive puts
a man in the seat, not to fill it, not to fill the va-
cancy in the true sense of the word, but he places ,
Jiim there for an assigned period, to take the va-
cant seat until the Legislature shall exercise its
authority of filling the residue of the term of Mr. !
Webster. There is the proposition. It is a plain
one. If I choose to resort to law language, it is a
present estate with the remainder over. Mr. Win- i
throp has had the present estate, with the remainder ]
•ver to Mr. Rantoul, I suppose. I
The vacancy is to be filled in fact, as the gentle- j
man from Wisconsin [Mr. Wat.ker] demonstra- j
ted, by the Legislature, on the termination of the ;
term of the Governor's appointee. And when [
did it terminate ? Was it at the instant the Legis- i
lature met ? My honorable friend from Georgia ;
has so contended, I must be permitted to say, |
with a great deal of refinement. But it is against '
precedent. It is against the intendment of the I
30
Constitution, which presupposes that every State
shall be represented on this floor by two Senators.
This is the intendment. And when the Execu-
tive put a person in that seat, he put him there
until the Legislature should fill the vacancy occa-
sioned by the resignation of Mr. Webster. The
Legislature has filled that vacancy by the appoint-
ment of Mr. Rantoul, and the Executive only ap-
pointed a gentleman to hold the post until the va-
cancy should be filled. That is the plain common
sense meaning of the Constitution, according to
my construction.
Mr. HALE. I wish to suggest that we do not
seem to be coming very near the question. It is
taking up a great deal of the time of the Senate, to
the neglecting of the discussion which we ought
to have had some time ago in relation to the reso-
lution of the Senator from Maine, as to removals
from office under the last Administration. [Laugh-
ter.] With a view to getting; at the question at
some early day I move to lay it on the table.
Mr. RHETt called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish
! wish to state to the Senate
that I have paired off with the honorable Senator
from Kentucky, [Mr. Clay,] and therefore I shall
not vote on this question:
The vote was then taken and resulted as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton, Bradbury, Butler, Chase, Davie
of Mississippi, Dickinson, Douglas, Downs, Felch, Gwin,
Hale, Hamlin, Hunter, Jones, King, Miller, Pearce, Phelps,
Pratt, Sturgeon, Upham, ana Wales—99.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Berrien, Bor-
land, Clarke, Davis of Massachusetts, Dodge of Wisconsin,
Dodge of Iowa, Foote, Greene, Mangura, Mason, Morton,
Norris,Rhett, Rusk, Smith, Soule, Spruance, Turney, Un-
derwood, Walker, Whitcomb, and Yulee—25.
So the motion was rejected.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. It is now half-past two
o'clock, and we cannot go on with the private cal-
endar. The day is wasted, and I rise to make a
few remarks on this resolution, believing that as
we have discussed it so long, it would be well to
settle the question definitely now. I have read the
report of the Committee on the Judiciary. I sub-
scribe to its doctrines. I think they are correct,
and I think we ought to conform to them. Now,
. if you look to the Constitution, you will see that
j Senators are to be elected, according to the provis-
ions of that instrument, by the Legislatures of the
States. That is the commencement. If you look
further at it you will find that, when elected, they
are to be divided into three classes. The term of
one class is to expire at the end of two years, of
the second class at the expiration of four years,
and of the third class at the expiration of six
years. The long duration of these classes, in my
opinion, should cut an important firgure in the ar-
gument. Gentlemen have not attended to that as
] they should have done, as was suggested by the
' honorable chairman of the Judiciary Committee in
his last remarks.
I think if gentlemen of the Senate will attend to
the fact that these terras are to continue for two,
four, and six years by the Constitution, it will set-
tle this question most clearly. When a vacancy
occurs by death, resignation, or otherwise, it is a
vacancy for the entire remainder of the term of two,
four, or six years. The remaining provisions of
the Constitution respect the filling of tnat vacancy.
How is that to be done? It is to be done in two
ways. If the vacancy occurs during the recess of
the Legislature of the State, which by the Consti-
tution, in the first place, is to make the appoint-
ment, it is to be filled by a temporary appointment
made by the Governor. Now, as the chairman of
the committee has asked, most appropriately, (and
there has been no answer given to it,) is that tem-
porary appointment made by the Governor for the
whole two, four, or six years? Certainly not.
Now, for how much of that two, four, or six
years is it made ? Is it for any fixed period of that
time? I think it is not. It depends upon a con-
tingency, according to the admission of every mem-
ber of the Senate. Some gentlemen undertake to
say that it is limited to the meeting of the next
ensuing Legislature of the State after a vacancy
occurs. Does the Constitution say so in terma
It does not. Others say it is extended beyond the
meeting of the Legislature, up to the time when
the election takes place by the Legislature, and
another appointee is elected. That is my opin-
ion.
The question then is, which of these two opin-
ions is correct according to the Constitution?
Now the expression of the Constitution is that
the Governor is to make temporary appointments
until the next meeting of the Legislature. I think
it perfectly clear that the gentleman from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] and the gentleman from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Walker,] have demonstrated
the term " until" qualifies merely the time within
which the Governor is to exercise that power. Be-
fore the meeting of the Legislature the Governor is to
exercise the power of making temporary appoint-
; ments. After the meeting, of the Legislature no-
! body but the Legislature is to fill the vacancy.
This expression, therefore, does not limit the
I duration of the appointment, but only qualifies
I the time within which the power is to be exercised
[ by the Governor. It is to say to his appointee
' " Go and take that seat, and hold it, and exercise
the duties belonging to it." How long? Up to
the time that an individual shall come with a com-
' mission from another authority. He is the locum
tenens of the seat until some other person comes
with a commission from a higher authority, and
says, " Give way to me; I am entitled to take it."
That has been the construction of the Constitution
from the beginning. That is the report from the
Judiciary Committee.. It does seem to me that
the language of the Constitution conveys these
ideas just as plain as any language possibly could.
It carries out the object and intent of the framers
of the Government. It authorizes the locum tenens
to remain in the discharge of the duties of thesta-
i tion until some individual, appointed by a higher
authority—the original source of power, according
to the Constitution-^-comes with the commission
and says, " I claim the place!" That fills the va-
cancy; that fills the rest of the two, four, or six
years, which, by death, resignation, or otherwise,
remained to be filled. The Constitution is express.
The Governor shall not appoint an individual to
fill the whole term. He is to make a mere tem-
porary appointment, a mere locum tenens, until
this higher authority—the Legislature—shall su-
persede him by a commission for the residue of
the term. That has been the construction from
the beginning. It seems to me that the language
authorizes it; we ought to adhere to it.
Apply that construction to this case. The Legis-
lature of Massachusetts have elected. Their com-
mission upon the table shows they have elected.
Their commission comes here under the great seal
of the State, stating that they have elected. They
give you all the evidence of which the case is sus-
ceptible, to show that they have elected. It is &
Question of evidence. Have they elected ? How
o you prove it ? You prove it by the commission
under the great seal of the State, which is before
you. How can you avoid the conclusion, neces-
sarily resulting from' it, that the individual has
been elected? Yon have no right to go into his
qualifications now. You have no right to go into
the question of his acceptance. The Legislature,
by giving the commission, goes on the bisis that
he does accept—that he has already accepted. He
isa Senator from the time the commission issues,
and not from the time he enters upon the discharge
of his duties, by taking the oath of office. There
is a case which illustrates, it completely.
According to the State laws no other authority
is required, as a certificate of election to the other
House, than the certificate of the officers conduct-
ing the election. That makes a man a member of
Congress from the time of the comparison of the
polls and issuing of the certificate. He has a
right to frank according to the laws regulating the
franking privilege. The franking privilege does
not depend upon taking the oath of office on the
meeting of Congress, whether in regard to the
Senator or not. He is a member of Congress
from the time of his certificate of election, and
