466
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 7,
upon the comparison of polls and the feet being
declared that he is a member. So it is in this
case; you cannot go behind the commission on
the table and say, perhaps Mr. Rantoul will not
accept; perhaps Mr. Rantoul is not of the requi- !
site age; perhaps Mr. Rantoul is a foreigner, and
is not naturalized. These questions you cannot
raise upon the commission on your table. They
are precluded by that commission; you take it for
granted that he possesses the necessary qualifica-
tions of age, residence, citizenship, and likewise
that he has accepted.
The appointment of the Governor is not limited
to the commencement of the session, and there is
nothing on the face of the Constitution showing
that it so limited. If he has a right to put a per-
son to hold as locum ttnens until the Legislature
shall fill the vacancy, as is evident from the tenor
of the Constitution, then Mr. Winthrop's period
of service was legitimately continued until the Sen-
ate was informed by the authority of the great seal
that the Massachusetts Legislature had elected a
person to fill the residue of the term; but after that
term he ought not to discharge the duties of the
office. The Constitution shows that it was never
intended by its framers that a person should rep-
resent a State in this body if it could be avoided,
unless he came here by an election on the part of
the Legislature of his State. The Constitution
shows tnat an election is to be preferred to an Ex-
ecutive appointment, and you ought to put such
construction on the legislation of the country as
would give authority to those appointed, accord-
ing to the provisions of that instrument, by the
very fountain of power—the Legislature elected
by the people; ana if you were to continue Mr.
Winthrop, after being officially informed by the
great seal of the State that the Legislature of his
State had made such an election, and appointed
an officer to discharge the duties of a Senator, you
would be acting in violation of the spirit of our
institutions, by continuing in office an individual
appointed by one man, and allowing him to exer-
cise powers, when the persons possessing the
original fountain of power had showed their de-
termination that he should not be continued. It
is well known that, from political associations, I
Would much prefer the continuance of the present
and sitting member to the admission of the other.
But still the great principles of the Government
are much more dear to me than men. And these
are the principles which in the time to come I
think ought to be carried out, as they are proposed
to be carried out by the report of the committee.
I hope, therefore, that we shall reject the resolu-
tion and adopt the report.
Mr. BRADBURY. Being a member of the com-
mittee that made the report upon the subject before
the Senate, it is perhaps necessary that I should
make a single remark, since one of the members
of that committee has expressed his dissent from
the conclusions at which the majority arrived.
After the long debate we have had, I shall not go
into the general discussion of the subject. It may
be sufficient for me to say that I concur in the
report of the committee. The questions raised
are important; and I hope we shall have a direct
vote, and settle, so far as we can, the construction
to be given to that clause of the Constitution which
relates to Executive appointments to fill vacancies
in the Senate.
Three distinct positions have been taken, and
are presented in the propositions that have been
discussed, as to the time when the office of a per-
son holding under Executive appointment, to nil a
vacancy in the Senate happening by resignation
or otherwise during the recess of the Legislature
of any State, terminates.
The first is, that it terminates on the first day of
the next meeting of the Legislature of such State.
This is the position of the Senator from South
Carolina, [Mr. Rhett,] and is intended to be pre-
sented by his amendment to the resolution of the
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Davis.]
The second is, that such office terminates upon
the presentation to the Senate, during the next ses-
sion of such Legislature, of the credentials of the
member elected to fill such vacancy. This is the
position maintained in the report of the committee.
The third is, that it does not terminate until the
member elected to fill the vacancy is present to
take his seat. This is the position embraced in
the resolution of the Senator from Massachusetts.
Those in favor of the report of the committee will
' therefore oppose both the resolution and tlie amend-1
. ment—the one for going too far, and the other for i
the opposite reason.
A single consideration appears to me to be con-
clusive on this subject. The language of the Con-
stitution is, " if vacancies happen, by resignation ,
or otherwise, during the recess of the Legislature
of any State, the Executive thereof may make I
temporary appointments until the next meeting j
of the Legislature, which shall then fill such va- ,
cancies." The limitation expressed by the word '
"until" applies to the making of the appointment
by the Executive, and not to its duration. The
Executive can fill a vacancy on the day preceding
the meeting of the Legislature, as well as he can
the month preceding. And if he can on the day
preceding, it would follow, according to the posi-
tion of the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr.
Rhett,] that the office would be vacated the mo-
ment it was filled.
This subject is one of practical importance to
distant States, such, for instance, as California,
where it would require some considerable time for
the member elected by the Legislature to fill a va-
cancy to reach the Capitol and take his seat in the
Senate, as during all this time such State, without
any neglect of its own, must be deprived of its just
constitutional representation, if the construction of
the Senator from South Carolina is correct. On the
other hand, it appears to me to be going too far, and
opening the door to great uncertainty, if we disre-
gard the presentation of the credentials of the mem-
ber elected by the Legislature to fill the vacancy.
The ground taken in the report of the commit-
tee is sustained by precedent. It is in accordance
with the uniform practice of the Senate in the many
cases that have arisen; and I think it safer to stand
standing of this matter throughout all the States
will be found, I believe, if you look at the various
commissions granted by Governors to appointees
during the recess of the Legislature. I do not think
you will find an instance in which that appointment
was not expressly declared to be an appoinment to
fill a vacancy which had occurred by the resigna-
tion of the person who had resigned. I have be-
fore me the commission granted to Mr. Rantoul,
and its recital is in these words:
" Whereas in the month of January, in the year of our
Lord 1845, the honorable Daniel Webster was by our Legis
lature duly elected a Senator in the Senate of the United
States, and on the 22d day of July, in the year of our Lord
1850, he resigned his commission as a member of said body,
and on the 27 th day of July, in the same year, the honors
ble Robert C. Winthrop was by our Governor and Council
appointed and commissioned to fill the vacancy occcasioned
by the resignation aforesaid until the assembling of the
Legislature," &c.
Here is obviously the understanding of the Ex-
ecutive and the Legislature of the State of Massa-
chusetts, in perfect accordance with the idea which
I suggested; and I believe, if an examination be
made of the different Executive commissions, it
will be found that in every case the appointment
was made expressly for the purpose of filling a va-
cancy. And I ask for what other purpose could it
be made ? If there is no vacancy, on what ground
can an Executive interpose to maJce an appointment
to fill a seat which is already filled ? The occupant
; of the seat cannot be a locum tenens, because, as I
have said, there is nobody of whom he could be
the locum tenens. The Executive can only make an
appointment to fill a vacancy, and the appointment
of the Executive is terminated on the assembling
j of the Legislature.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. My friend's difficulty
Ixioco lUuV 11(4* c at lOvii f uttu i niiim *«< uuivi w ( , . . , « . . •
bv the reasonable construction that has been so i I is this, according to his argument: that there is no
vacancy, and the Legislature cannot elect at all,
unless there be a vacancy created by the arrival
of the meeting of the Legislature, and the termi-
nation of the office of this individual that I call a
locum tenens. In order to obtain the privilege of
making a legislative election, according to his ar-
gument, a vacancy must be created by getting the
individual that I call a locum tenens out of the way;
and, by getting him out of the way, then he says
the Legislature can elect.
Now it so happens that the Constitution relieves
us of all that difficulty. The Constitution just
steps in and says that he shall get out of the way
as soon as the Legislature puts another man in
his place. That is my construction of the Con-
stitution on that point. The Constitution says
that the Legislature shall fill the vacancy; and I
say that it makes it a vacancy bjr that expression.
The vacancy has occurred, in this case, from the
resignation of Mr. Webster. It occurs from the
time of the resignation, and it was a vacancy for
the residue of a term of six years. Now, ac-
cording to the Constitution, the Governor never
had a right to put Mr. Winthrop in for those six
years. What, then, was the limitation upon the
appointment of the Governor? It was a limita-
tion, as we contend on the other side, to be ter-
minated by an election by the Legislature. We
do not say that the Constitution terminated it on
the first day of the session. Now, if any consti-
tutional expression can be shown which terminates
the service of the Governor's appointee on the
first day of the session, I give it up. But there is
no such expression. The expression is that the
Governor may make an appointment before the
! long sanctioned after mature deliberation.
1 Mr. BERRIEN. I desire to say one word.
The chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary
has adverted to the fact of my not being present
during the discussion upon this subject in the com-
mittee, and he intimated, it appears to me unneces-
sarily, that if the argument which I have presented
to-day had been presented in the committee, it
would have had very little influence. I regret this 1
because it imposes on me the necessity of vindica-
ting that argument, and of saying that, even if it
would have had little influence, that would not
have been evidence that the argument was to tail y
valueless.
I have put the opinion which I have expressed
on this occasion chiefly upon this ground; I
have not entered into a discussion of the sub-
jects which constitute a portion of that report, ,
with some of which I agree. But the inquiry
which I put to the Senate, and which has not been
1 answerea yet, is this: The power given to a Le- I
gislature is a power to fill a vacancy, not to ap-
point a successor to an incumbent. Now, then, ;
if the vacancy does not exist upon the meeting of
the Legislature, it does not exist at the time when
election is made by the Legislature. And in
order to make a vacancy exist at the time that the
election is made by the Legislature, the commis-
sion of the appointee of the Governor must ter-
minate upon the meeting of the Legislature.
It is said that this man is a locum tenens. Of
whom? When we speak of a locum tenens, in the j
proper sense of the term, we speak of a substitute i
for an actual incumbent. In this case there is no 1
incumbent; the predecessor had resigned, and the
successor is not elected by the Legislature. Of meeting of the Legislature. But, in expressing
• - - - — ■ ' that idea, the Constitution does not say that the
powers of this appointee are to cease when the
power of the Governor to make the appointment
ceases. By no means. Why, the Governor
may make an appointment and go out of office.
That does not terminate the duties of the appointee.
He is placed there, according to my construction
of the Constitution, to continue until he is super-
seded by a legislative election. Now, in order u 
refute that position, you must show that, accord-
ing to the language of the Constitution, his duties
are terminated upon the arrival of the time when
the Legislature meets. I defy any gentleman to
find any such language in the Constitution.
But my friend [Mr. Bmiw] comments upon
the expression locvm tenens. I gave it to illustrate
my meaning. I did not intend to say that the ap-
pointee of the Governor was holding his seat as a
substitute for another individual, because we all
know that there can be no such substitution m s
whom, then, is he the locum tenens ? Sir, he is a
Senator of the United States, sitting in his own
right, armed with all the privileges of a Senator of
the United States, and authorized to perform all
the duties of a Senator. He is the locum tenens
of no man, for there is no man in existence of
whom he can be such locum tenens. Neither is he
the holder of a particular estate liable to be termi-
nated by the rising of an estate in remainder. He
is the holder of a Senatorial appointment for the
term Which is limited by the Constitution, by the
meeting of the Legislature; that interpretation be-
ing rendered indispensable for the purpose of ere- '
ating that state of things in which alone the legis- ;
lative power can occur, namely, the legislative
power to fill a vacancy. If there is no vacancy
when the Legislature proceeds to elect, the power
given by the Constitution is not called into exer-
cise.
Now, the evidence that this has been the under-
