468
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 8,
mute and some more expeditious mode of settling
them than the present.
I intended to have referred to some high author-
ities on this subject, but I shall not take up my
time by (loins; so now. I will merely refer to them
without reading them.
Judge Story, nt n very early day in the history
of this country, pointed out this very difficulty as
one of important consideration to this Government, i
He then, looking upon it as necessary, recom-
mended the establishment of a board similar to that
which is proposed by the bill under the considera-
tion of the committee. Judge Blackstone recom-
mended the establishment ot such a board, and
pointed out the very difficulties which are now pre-
sented. We have the authority of all the commit-
tees of this House, of the committees of the Sen-
ate, the Senate itself, the Presidents of the United
States, and of our superior and distinguished judges
from the very commencement of the Republic, in
favor of such a board, added to the experience of
this House, which shows that it is absolutely ne-
cessary to establish it. But you ask, if you es-
tablish such a board, will it answer all the pur-
poses that vou design for it ? I answer that it will.
It is very difficult, extremely difficult to establish
such a board as will be satisfactory even to myself.
1 am sure that no measure can pass this Congress
which would not hereafter need some amendment.
Experience will point out deficiencies in the ar-
rangements that we may now make. That does
not prove, however, that it is unnecessary to make
any arrangement. Necessity requires that we
should establish some such board as is proposed.
The chairman of the Committee of Claims has
introduced a substitute for the proposition that
has passed the Senate, which proposes to refer
all causes to the courts now existing, to the Cir-
cuit, District, and Supreme Courts of the United
States. To that proposition I seriously object.
It would open the door to fraud against the
Government to such an extent as would, in my
humble judgment, be entirely objectionable in ev-
ery point of view. In addition to that, should
there be no fraud at all, should everything be fair-
ly done, should the courts act fairly towards the
Government in all these private claims, the vari-
ous district attorneys remote from the seat of Gov-
ernment, and the courts also being so far removed,
would not have the necessary facilities for the in-
vestigation of them, and would not therefore be
enabled to determine them so correctly as if they
were sitting here. They would never be able to
gather from the Departments the various facts
upon which the different claims are based. It
would be, to a very considerable extent, a one-
sided investigation. The attorney for the United
States would not have it in his power to make
such a defence as he would, if the court were es-
tablished at the seat of Government, where all the
records of the facts, all authority, and all prece-
dents of the Government might be easilv found,
and where the attorney would have his whole time
devoted to this particular description of business.
But the very same difficulty that we now experi-
ence would arise if we were to put these cases
in the hands of the courts, because they would be
obliged to be returned to Congress for their con-
sideration, and the amount of business would be
accumulated instead of diminished under such a
system. Congress must make the necessary ap-
propriations even if the courts settle these cases
finally. They must come here for the appropria-
tions of Congress, and they would then have to
undergo investigation. 1 throw out these remarks
for the consideration of the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Daniel,] who has presented the
substitute. Here are claims for French spolia-
tions amounting to some ten millions of dollars
presented to Congress. Suppose that these cases
of French spoliations were referred to the courts
for their adjudication, and the courts were to de-
cide that the Government of the United States
should pay for the discharge of those claims; and
suppose that there was a large majority in Con-
gress decidedly opposed to their payment: Thus
you would have tne Congress of the United States,
by whom the appropriation must be made, in di-
rect conflict with the court that had finally deter-
mined the question against the Government. I
suppose that Congress would not make the appro-
priation unless it thought that the claims ought to
be paid.
Mr. DANIEL suggested that the same diffi-
culty would arise under the operation of the original
bill.
Mr. Mc.LEAN. Oh, no; not at all. This bill
does not propose the final judgment of this board,
except in a case referred to them by Congress. But
your substitute proposes a final judgment by the
courts below. This bill proposes that cases shall
be investigated, and that both sides shall be
heard, and that they shall be returned to Congress,
and remain here from Congress to Congress, (not
from session to session,) until finally acted upon.
Mr. DANIEL. In regard to this feature of the
amendment which I have offered, I would state to
thegentleman that, with the permission of the com-
mittee, I propose to modify it in such a manner as
to obviate the objection which the gentleman from
Kentucky has now presented. |
Mr. McLEAN. Very well. If the gentleman i
modifies his amendment so as to obviate the ob- |
jection which I have made to his substitute, I
would prefer his proposition to none at all. But I
believe, for reasons which 1 have stated before, that
courts away in the country would never be able |
to get at the facts in relation to the claims. "5£ou
must have an attorney with his whole time • and
talent devoted to the investigation of these causes.
You must have courts consisting of men as tal-
ented, as highly educated, and as able to devote
themselves to the investigation of these cases as
you possibly can. Now, sir, I shall occupy but
a few moments more, and I hope to be able to fin-
ish my remarks before my time expires. I shall
refer now to the bill reported by the committee,
and to its bearing. , i
The first section of the bill organizes a Board
of Commissioners. A portion of that section
makes it the duty of the board to hear and deter-
mine all cases pending in any Department that may
have arisen out of any law or regulation referred
to such a board by said Department, and all such
cases as are referred to it by Congress. I propose,
as I did in the committee, to strike out all that
part of the section which enables the Departments
to refer cases to this board for their final arbitra-
ment. And why? The board must determine
cases when referred to them by the laws and reg-
ulations that govern the Departments. Therefore
when the Department is in a difficulty, when it is
disposed to get clear of any responsibility that
now rests upon them, they may shift the respon-
siblility-on to the shoulders of this board. And
when the board comes to the consideration of the
case, they are bound finally to determine the ques-
tion under the laws that govern and regulate the
Departments. But suppose there are difficulties in
the case, and it forms such a case as ought to be re-
|l ferred to this board; the bill compels the board to
decide it, not by the equity of the case, but by the
laws and regulations which govern the Depart-
ments. That is wrong. The Departments should
not thus be enabled to place the responsibility on
other shoulders.
If you thus refer cases from the Departments to
this board, whilst you will accumulate, in all prob-
j ability, the amount of business that it will have to
; accomplish, you will, as I have said, take the re-
sponsibility from off the shoulders of the Depart-
ments, and place it with the Board of Accounts,
where it ought not to rest. The Departments will
refer any cases they choose, with respect to which
they feel any difficulty, and the amount of labor
they ought to perform will consequently be pro-
portionately diminished.
But the Senate bill proposes that the board shall
have very extensive jurisdiction in examining the
various quarterly returns of the Departments. It
will have to make quarterly returns of the various
Departments of Government. I propose to strike
out this, for I know that, with the other business
the board ftiust attend to, it would be utterly im-
possible for it to accomplish.
The seventh section of the bill provides that
members of Congress shall not have any fees for
acting as attorneys before this board. I propose
to amend this by allowing members to aid gratu-
itously in presenting claims to the board. Indeed,
I should have no objection to having the whole
provision stricken out. I would leave members of
Congress as free as other people in this respect. I
, do not believe that any member would receive a
fee; but I do not see why we should provide that
members of Congress should work for nothing. I
' think that such a provision is at least derogatory
j to the dignity of Congress. For myself, I do not
care for the proposition. I have no interest any
way.
The 9th section provides that when the board
reports upon cases, they shall stand over until
Congress finally acts upon them. When the board
decides adversely, and so reports, the decision is
conclusive; but a new trial may be granted by the
Board of Accounts on the principles of law and
equity. If reported favorably on to Congress,
they stand upon the calendar until Congress finally
disposes of them; and as all the facts of the cases
will be reported and laid upon the tables of mem-
bers, as the estimates of the Secretary of the
Treasury now are, much time will be saved in the
settlement of the cases by Congress; and in time,
when this board shall have gained the confidence
of Congress and of the country, they will be able
finally to dispose of all the cases that are referred
to them. It does seem to me, then, that if we
establish this board and give them sufficient sala-
ries, provide them with all the appendages to their
establishment necessary for the investigation of
claims, and let cases be thoroughly investigated
and both sides heard, we shall have cases decided
much more effectually, much more expeditiously,
and much more justly, both towards the Govern-
ment and the claimants. Claimants will not then
be able to complain that their cases have been de-
layed from year to year, and from Congress to
Congress, until they are said to get so old that they
are better than when they were first presented. It
is the fault of Congress, and not of the claimants,
that cases so lie over. Let Congress, then, estab-
lish some board by which claims can be finally
; disposed of, and they will never get old, but will
j be settled while new and well understood, and the
j interests of both parties will be better subserved.
| Mr. DANIEL, having next obtained the floor,
gave way for a few minutes to—
! THE CONDITION OF THE PUBLIC BUSINESS.
Mr. BAYLY, who addressed the committee
upon the importance of pressing forward with the
consideration of the general appropriation bills,
saying:
Mr. Chairman, I avail myself of this opportu-
nity to call the serious attention of the representa-
tives of the people to the condition of the public
business; and I avail myself of it the more readily
as I may not have another in time to effect my
i purpose.
j It will be recollected that I have exerted myself
for some weeks past to induce the House to make
the general appropriation bills special orders; but,
! it requiring two tnirds to do it, I have heretofore
failed. Such being the case, I felt it my duty on
the 21st of January to make a statement to the
House. In it I showed that we had pending at
that time five special orders, viz: for the deficiency
bill, the Mint bill, the bill now before us, (provi-
ding for a Board of Accounts,) for territorial busi-
ness, and the business of the District of Columbia.
I estimated that those special orders would con-
sume twelve days, independent of Mondays,
which are taken up in motions to suspend the
rules, and, as far as legislation is concerned, are
pretty much " dits non." Since then seventeen
working days have elapsed, and, excluding the
Mondays, fifteen, and, excluding the two days
which were devoted to paying the last tribute of
respect to the memory of an esteemed member,
thirteen. But we have not yet got through with the
special order which is now before us, and the busi-
ness of the District of Columbia has not yet been
acted upon. Supposing that we get through with
the bill now before us to-day—and I greatly fear we
will not—we will have nineteen business days re-
mainingof the session, of which four are Mondays,
and six Fridays and Saturdays, that are set apart
by the rules of the House for the consideration of
private bills. Deduct these, and the day appro-
priated to the District, and we have but eight days
left for the consideration of the general appropria-
tion bills, and other business which it is indispens-
able to the public interest should be acted upon.
Of the general appropriation bills, but one has
been considered here, viz: the--deficiency bill,
is certain that bill will be amended by veiy con-
siderable additions in the Senate, and must come
back here for consideration. .
We have nine other general appropriation bills
which it is our imperative duty to consider and
pass, and the failure of any one of which would
lead to great embarrassment These bills ar ,
