1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
469
Military Academy bill, the revolutionary and
other pensions bill, the Navy pension bill, the In-
dian bill, Post Office bill, the Army bill, the Navy
bill, and the civil and diplomatic bill. In these
bills appropriations are made amounting to up-
wards of |40,000,000, and providing for every de-
partment of the public service.
Besides these bills, there are several Senate bills
on the Speaker's table, which the public interest
demands shall be acted upon. I allude particularly
to the Senate bill designed to provide against the
effect of a late decision of the Supreme Court con-
cerning the appraisement of imported merchandise.
If we give Fridays and Saturdays to the consider-
ation of private bills, we will not have one day for
each of the general appropriation bills, to say
nothing about the other business, not to be post-
poned except at the expense of great detriment to
the country. But if we appropriate Fridays and
Saturdays to public business, we will still have
but sixteen days for the consideration of this mass
of important bills to which I have referred. In
this statement I have made no allowance for un-
foreseen occurrences, a melancholy one of which
is fresh in our memories, nor for the fact that, in
the last ten days of the session, motions to sus-
pend the rules are in order at any time, and that
much time will be consumed in efforts of that sort.
Under these circumstances, I feel it my duty
again to call upon the House, in the most earnest
manner, to sustain me on Monday next in making
the general appropriation bills special orders—to
protract its sessions, and to abstain, as far as pos-
sible, from general debate. If it does not, it is
certain that the appropriation bills will pass with-
out proper consideration, or that some of them will
fail altogether. If, after this repeated statement,
I am not sustained, and the public interest shall ,
suffer great embarrassment, as, in the event of the
failure ofeny of the general appropriation bills, it
will, the responsibility, which will be a very heavy
one, must rest upon the House. The House wil}
bear me witness that I have done my duty; and if
the public suffer detriment, the Committee of Ways
and Means will be guiltless.
THE BOARD OF ACCOUNTS BILL.
Mr. DANIEL then addressed the House for
an hour, in a speech which will be published
in the Appendix.
JVIr. EWlNGr next succeeded in obtaining the
floor, and addressed the committee as follows:
Mr. Chairman: Differing as I do from some of
my colleagues from Tennessee upon this question,
I desire, if possible, in the limited time that is al-
lowed me, to express the views which will govern i
my action on the bill now under consideration. I
do not think, sir, that this committee or the coun-
try can be at all at a loss to understand the nature j
and character of the difficulties that surround us |
in the adjustment of claims. It has been an eye- [
sore upon our Government for the last sixty years
—ever since the Government was organized and
since claims were first advanced before this House.
Everybody must see that from the very nature of this
tribunal it is impossible for us to give them that
investigation which is requisite to enable us to ad-
just them properly. This House consists of two
"hundred and thirty-two members. But two days
in the week are set apart for the consideration of
private claims, and it would require that we should
adjust eight or ten in a day to settle any portion
of them to the satisfaction of the country. How
can we look into them all ? How can we investi-
gate them ? How can we cometo any just con-
clusion upon them in such a limited space of time ?
I ask you what chance is there of our doing it?
Why, sir, it must strike us upon the face of it as
an absurdity. What is the Committee of Claims ?
The Committee of Claims is to investigate and
report upon the ex parte testimony of the individ-
ual presenting the claim. Where do you get the
testimony on the other side ? Why, sir, m the
Committee on Military Affairs, which is not a
Committee of Claims especially, but a committee
formed for other and different purposes, I know
how we come to a conclusion upon the cases that
are before us. One member takes the testimony
in a case home, he reads it, and examines it, and
gives us his opinion on that testimony, and we
discuss it in the committee room. But it is all
ex park. But one side is heard, and we are called
upon to decide it upon ex parte testimony.
What is the consequence.' Why, sir, we have
had a dozen times this session reports placed upon I j
the Speaker's table, and there they remain un- !
touched. And why? I shall not now argue the [!
case, but I ask why is it so? You have no chance ',
to investigate them—you have no chance to see 1
into them. And yet it is of great importance to
the country. How is it when we come to adjust
these claims, involving each, perhaps, $500 or
$1,000? It is a perfect absurdity. I ask if it is
not a notorious fact, that when these private claims
are taken up, one half the members desert the
Hall? How, then, are we going to investigate these
private claims? I ask you to look at the amount
of labor that must be imposed upon us. There
are nine thousand or ten thousand upon which we
are called upon to adjudicate. W e cannot possi-
bly arrive at any adjudication upon them.
At the present time, as I have said, the various
members of the Committee of Claims have some-
thing like eighty reports to present to this House?
How can we investigate them? They come to ,
this House; we cannot find time to examine them; i
they are sent to the tomb of the Capulets—the '
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
—there to remain. And yet, sir, if we could ex-.
amine, we should find that nine tenths of them 1
are just claims, and that it is proper that they ;
should be paid. I ask you, Mr. Chairman, and j
I ask this House, whether this is not an evil ? I ask i
you if it is not an evil that ought to be remedied? j
It is well known to be so, and we all are desirous I
of seeing it remedied. Let us, then, if we can, !
remedy it. When the investigation of these bills
comes up, it is admitted on all hands to be a cry-
ing evil in the country; and in view of this, I ask
whether there is not a remedy provided in this
bill? Let us see if we cannot remedy it. |.
What is the opposition of the gentleman from
North Carolina? [Mr. Daniel.] What is the op- .
position of the gentleman from Tennessee? [Mr. ,
Thomas.] What is all the opposition that has
been urged against this bill? I say, sir, that it is
based upon a mistake, upon an entire misappre-
hension of the whole plan. The gentleman from
North Carolina, who has just taken his seat, talks
about this Board of Claims as if it was some new
thing; as if it was a thing that was to take away
the jurisdiction of Congress; as if it was a thing
that was to produce a revolution, and change the
entire system. I say that it is no such thing. I
undertake to say that this bill, reported from the
Committee of Claims, does not alter a single fea-
ture of our present system excepting so far as the j
appointment of commissioners is concerned. 1
The gentleman talks about the agents of claim-
ants coming here and getting possession of the !
Board of Claims. And what is it all for when you [
come to examine it? These agents come here not ,
for the purpose of getting the claims allowed, for
no human being could get a claim allowed by this I
Board of Claims or by the Committee of Claims, j i
They object to the fact that the board should recom- i j
mend to Congress the allowance of claims. Is Con- i I
gress so pure, so industrious that it can take up a
claim and investigate it on ex parte testimony and
decide upon it rightly? The Board of Claims will |
investigate the case on both sides and report their
judgment to Congress, with the evidence on both ;
sides. To say that the machinery of Congress is j |
so perfect, or that Congress is pure and honest h
enough to decide upon claims on ex parte evidence, I
is an absurdity. I say that the machinery is il
wrong. We want Congress enlightened. We
do not want Congress to pass a law to avoid the
adjudication of these claims. We want the ma-
chinery that is necessary to bring forward the cases
so that they may be properly investigated before
Congress. Is it not an absurdity to say that Con-
gress shall not have the machinery to investigate
these claims? If there is no Board of Claims, to
take the testimony and examine it, I ask, can these
claims receive any attention at all? So far as the
Board of Claims is concerned, all we want is, that
it shall prepare and examine the testimony, on both
sides of the question, and bring it forward for the
final adjudication of Congress. The Board of
Claims will decide nothing, excepting recommend J
to Congress that certain claims snail be paid, and ;
that certain other claims shall not be paid. We I
want such a machinery to enable us to decide what j
claims are right." Shall this great body—shall this
House, set the example before the countiy, and
say that they will not hear both sides—that they
will hear but one side of the testimony ?—that this
House will decide without sufficient information,
and without sufficient knowledge?
Yet we are told that this is an experiment that
will cost the country a great deal. I do not think
that it will cost the country $10,000; and you will
prevent, what you now increase, the delay, from
day to day and year to year, of various claims,
at a loss of substance, character, life, property
and everything, to the claimants whose cases are
thus unadjudicated. And is this no loss to the
country? Does not the country consist of the peo-
ple ? and do not the people through these claimants
suffer loss, when their claims are thus left without
adjudication? They may waste their substance
in endless litigation. And is this no expense to
the country? What is the country but the people?
If they are losing by this system, the country is
losing. It is the people who now lose; it is the
people that have to bear the burden occasioned
by this continued delay.
But again: I ask you to discuss and examine
with me into the real cost of the present system
to the country. I call the attention of the House
to this question. The cost of the two sessions of
Congress that are about to close amounts to about
f 2,500,000. Of the whole time that this Congress
as sat, how much has been occupied in the ex-
amination and discussion of private claims? And
yet all the time that has thus been spent has re-
sulted in very little final action.. If you had had
a Board of Accounts, you would have all these
claims, or many of them ready for your decision;
and you would have decided one way or the other.
But, sir, how often have we wasted our time
here in hearing argument after argument upon a
single claim, involving six or seven hundred dol-
lars ? How much has that cost the country ? I
suppose that this Board of Claims will cost some
fifty or sixty thousand dollars annually. We
spend $600,000 here in the investigation of private
claims every two years. I ask, then, if this will
not be a saving of expense, and of immense ex-
pense to the country ?
But I want to present another view of this ques-
tion, and it is this: I appeal to you, whether a
Bo^rd of Commissioners would not be more hon-
est and more likely to investigate these claims
fairly than members of Congress ? and whether
we are not in danger of having some disasters
speedily result from those investigations of claims
by Congress? Why, sir, claims are now pending
before Congress for four or five millions of dollars.
French spoliation claims and other claims are
brought forward to that amount. You have men
here elected for Congress for two years from all
parts of the country. Their situation is not promi-
nent. They are lost in the mass here, and I ask
you whether there is not more danger to be appre-
hended from Congress than froma Board of Com-
missioners? And, sir, if ever the character of
Congress is broken down, then will the country
have no one to look to. If ever the members of
Congress are even suspected of being bribed in the
decision upon claims, the confidence of the coun-
try will be broken down and lost. But how is it
with a Board of Claims ? If you say the agents of
the claimants will bribe and corrupt them, now is
it that they do not corrupt the Judiciary ? I ask
you, how is it that we can appeal to our Judiciary
as pure and above suspicion ? It is because they
sit in open court, and have lawyers before them
upon both sides, in the trial of cases.
If these commissioners are put in a lofty judi-
cial situation before the country for four years,
where they can be seen and judged by the whole
country; and if they have salaries of $3,500 or
$4,000, with lawyers to conduct the cases they
adjudicate, on both sides, and then they are called
upon to give their decisions, and their reasons for
that decision, and their decisions and reasons come
Before Congress for us to decide whether we
think they are right, the idea that any of these
gentlemen could be influenced by bribes or would
nave bribes offered, becomes absolutely outrageous.
We have the strongest reasons on earth to con-
clude that such will not be the case. If, as I have
said, they are thus prominently placed, and liber-
ally paid, thus put above all interests, I ask, is it
more likely they would be subject to bribes than
the Supreme Court of the United States, which
has to decide upon millions of dollars? I have*
been in that court day after day, and I do not
know that anybody suspect them of being bribed
j or corrupted. Not at all. And will you sus-
