470
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 8,
pect the Board of Claims, who have the same
description of work, and will you say that they
are more liable titan others to bribes' 1 hold that
this board will be aa free from bribes and corrup-
tion as any other tribunal.
But, Mr Chairman, 1 want to investigate an-
other feature of this bill, which I think a very
important one. What has been the fact in the
Departments in regard to cases brought before
them? This bill proposes to adjudicate, before
a Board of Accounts, on appeals from the bu-
reaus of the different Departments. I ask, is there
a member here who has had to do with the differ-
ent bureaus of the Departments, who is not per-
fectly satisfied that the different bureaus decide
differently, and that there is no uniformity in
their decisions ? If you bring a case before the
Second Auditor, he decides it one way; if you
bringa perfectly synonymouscase before the Third
Auditor, he decides it another way; and if you
bring it before the Secretary of the Treasury, he
perhaps decides it still another way. Now, thin
is tha most monstrous system that the world ever
saw. There never yet was a financial system in
Europe or anywhere else, where there was no
uniformity in the decisions upon claims. The
system is absolutely absurd. The Secretary of
the Treasury, or Secretary of the Interior, decides
a case one way, and his predecessor decides a pre-
cisely similar cage just the opposite way. What
is the consequence? The consequence is, that
claims are allowed under one Administration that
never can get through under another Administra-
tion. I ask you, Mr. Chairman, whether it is
possible that such a system as this «an last?
Must you not have some judicial head t* the dif-
ferent bureaus of the Departments? I say, sir,
that if you want uniformity; if you want that the
interests of the country shall be protected; if you
want that the country shall be satisfied with the
executive and administrative departments of the
Government, you must have some permanent ju-
dicial tribunal to which claimants can appeal. It
is idle to tell a claimant that Mr. A. B.'s claim
was decided one way, but that his has been de-
cided another way, but that it cannot be hek>ed,
for they were decided by different Departments or
by different persons. No, you must have a com-
petent judicial head, that shall decide eases upon
fixed principles. What would be the advantage
of such a judicial head ? It would be this: More
decisions would be printed, and you would thus
be able to secure something like uniformity. A
case is brought before the head of a Department.
He decides it one way. The claimant appeals to
the Board of Aceounta. They take up the case,
investigate it, and decide upon it, and their decision
is printied. And the next time that a similar case
comes up, the head of the bureau has nothing to
do but to turn to the decision of the board and set-
tle the case according to the precedent.
Now, sir, we want a judicial head to the different
bureaus, to determine what ia the law, and what
is not, that the people may be satisfied in regard
to the decisions that are given. But this feature
has been stricken out of the bill—this feature that
provides for an investigation, to see whether the
different Departments do their duty. But I am
willing to abandon it, as the Committee of Claims
have thought proper to strike it out.
There are still, however, two features of this
bill remaining, and in my opinion they are very
n'jmrtant i :.es, and I am glad to see them pre-
m ved. A.id ihat in, that all claims and appeals
fiuni bureaus and heads of Departments will come
before the Board of Accounts, and will be there
judicially decided. And then, when the claims
shall have been examined, the testimony taken,
the evidence submitted, and the report made to
this House, we shall be able understanding^ to
act upon that testimony and that evidence.
I ask if there is a single man who would not be
willing to pay $30,000 or $60,000, for the purpose
of obtaining these decisions and this evidence, to be
enabled to investigate the claims properly that are
submitted here ?
The centleman from North Carolina [Mr. Dan-
iel]. tells us that the claim agents are in favor of
this Board of Claims. No, sir, they are not in
.favor of it! Qod forbid, God forbid, that they
* should be in favor of it! And for the reasons that
gentlemen can well understand, that they do not
want both sides of their claims heard; they do not
want them to he thoroughly understood. They
want Congress to investigate these claims,because
there is little possibility of more than one side
being examined. ]
Sir, there is not a single claim agent really in
favorof the establishment of this Board of Claims.
They do not want it. They do not want the claims
they prefer to be properly investigated. They
wish them brought before the heads of Depart-
ment, men unskilled in the law, who do not prop-
erly understand the principles on which the cases
that have to come before tliem should be decided.
These are the men before whom tV e claim agents
would prefer to bring their claims for investigation.
Gentlemen are very widely mistaken, if they
suppose that any claim agent is in favor of a deci- !
sion before such a judicial tribunal. The claim |
agent only desires an tx parte examination of one
side of the case, and that a report thus obtained j
should be made here, to Congress, and that upon |
such a report we should finally act. They do not
want the testimony on the other side to be taken
at all; all they ask is, that Congress should con-
tinue to examine these clainw, as has been the
practice heretofore. They do not want them to
receive the close investigation that would take
place before the board, and then have a report made
to Congress; because, if even a favorable report
is made, still Congress can reject the claim; whilst
now, the only decision given is that by Congress,
which is final, and arrived at from an examination
that is not so likely to expose any defects in the
claims.
Mr. EWING was proceeding to argue that the 1
decision of the proposed board would, in point of
fact, be final and absolute, when
The CHAIRMAN, interrupting him,announc-
ed that the hour had arrived at which, by the order
of the House, debate was to cease on this bill. i
Mr. NELSON, who, as the member reporting
the bill, was entitled to one hour to reply to the
various arguments that had been advanced against
it, offered to yield a portion of his hour to the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, to enable him to conclude
his argument.
The CHAIRMAN stated that it could only be
done by unanimous consent.
Mr. DUNHAM objected.
The CHAIRMAN asked if the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Nelson] desired to close the de-
bate?
Mr. NELSON said, that he would not do so at
present. He would postpone his right to reply.
Mr. McLEAN, of Kentucky, inquired what
was the question pending before the committee?
Tiie CHAIRMAN. The Chair will again state
the condition of the pending question. The Sen-
ate bill has been reaa through section by section.
The first section has been read, and an amendment
submitted to the seventh line. By unanimous con-
sent, the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Meade]
has been allowed to present a substitute, and to that
substitute the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Daniel] has submitted an amendment. That sub-
stitute and that amendment are now pending, but
Cannot be acted u;-on until the original bill is per-
fected. An amendment will now be in order to
the pending amendment to the first section.
The Clerk then reported the first section, to-
gether with the proposed amendments.
The parts in brackets [ ] the Committee of
Claims propose to Btrike from the Senate bill, and
to insert in lieu thereof the parts in italics.
Be it enacttd, tfc., That a board shall be established,
to be called the Board of Accounts, and to consist of three
eommission«rs, to be appointed by the President, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate. Each commis-
sioner shall rcceive a salary of [four thousand] thirty-five
hundred dollars per annum, shall hold office for the period
of si* years, and shall be removable by the President for
ofllrial mUconduet. Thd first three commissioners to be ap-
pointed under this act shall be appointed the one for two,
the second for four, and the third for six years, after which
all appointments shall be made for [twelve] six years, un-
less they are made to fill vacancies occasioned by death or
resignation. The said' commissioners may be reeligible.
It shall be the duty of this board to hear and determine all
cases pending in any Department which may have arisen
oot of any law or positive regulation which may be referred
to such board by the head of {such Department, and all cases
wHich may be referred by Congress to the determination of
said board, and their decision upon all such cases when
unanimous shall be final and conclusive. [It shall also be
the duty of the said board to examine quarterly the public
eccounts in the several Executive Departments of the Gov-
ernment, and in the Patent Office, and make report as to ;
the condition of these accounts, or of any errors which may
have been detected, either as to the statement of amounts,
or the method in which they are kept. These reports shall ,
be made annually to Congress, and quarterly to the Presi- 1
dent ofthe United States.] Any claimant, officer,or agent,
who shall make a claim founded upon any law ol'Congress,
or upon any regulation of an Executive Department, or of
the Commissioner of Patent*, or upon anv contract ex-
pressed or implied with the Government "of the United
States, and suggest by bill, in the nature of a bill in equity,
that his claim cannot be brought within the strict provisions
of law, but is good in equity, shall be heard by such board,
and also all petitions which may be presented by claimants
to either House of Congress. No claim against this Gov-
ernmentyfor theatle«ed trespasses of its oficcts, or persons
in its employment, or for their nonperformance of con-
tracts, shall tie heardor considered by this board, unless the
claimant shall, within a reasonable time after such tres-
pass, trench of contract, or non-performance complained
of, (to be judged of bu the court,) shall have been committed,
the notice to said board of such trespass or dejaidt, and
the circumstances attending the same, so as to enable the
attorney of said board to prepare for said defcnce.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, was understood
to say that he wished to move to amend the first
section by striking out the words " appointed by
the President with the advice of the Senate."
The CHAIRMAN reminded thegentleman from
Tennessee that his amendment was not in order at
this time. An amendment, to be in order, must be
directed to the pending amendment to the seventh
line of the first section.
Mr. JOHNSON asked if (lie whole section was
not open to amendment ?
The CHAIRMAN said that it was not in order
at this tune, as there was an amendment pending.
An amendment to the amendment would now be
in order. The gentleman could offer his amend-
ment when the pending question to disposed of.
Mr. MORSE said an amendment had been pro-
posed to the bill of the Senate by the Committee
of Claims, to strike out $4,000 and insert S3,500.
Nothing had yet been said either for or against
that amendment. He desired to know whether he
would be in order in speaking in opposition to it ?
The CHAIRMAN stated that it would be in
1 order.
Mr. MORSE said: I should have been very
glad if the committee, in proposing this amend-
ment, had shown that it would conduce to the in-
terests of the country, and would enable the Gov-
ernment to obtain good and competent men to fill
these important trusts as well on $3,500 as at a
, salary of 44,000, as proposed by the bill of the
Senate. But not having had the benefit of any re-
marks in support of this amendment, I am com-
pelled, in addressing myself for the five minutes
allotted to me in opposition to it, to do so without
| being able, perhaps, directly to meet the reasons
that induced the Committee of Claims to make it.
In the first place, then, it seems to me extremely
undesirable that this House should make any
amendment that will render it necessary for the
: bill to return to the Senate, and again to be returned
to us.
Mr. DANIEL here made a remark wholly in-
audible to the Reporter.
Mr. MORSE, (in continuation.) I am satisfied
that nothing can be said that will have any great
effect upon me, I hold opinions so diametrically
opposed to the great mass of economists of the pres-
ent day. I should suppose, Mr. Chairman, that
any men holding office under the appointment of
; the President of the United States, if they are
, properly to discharge the duties of their responsi-
1 ble offices, must be men of talent and experience.
If, in the case of the gentlemen who are to compose
| Jliis Board of Claims, we are to expect such decis-
ions as shall be entitled to so much respect as to le
considered final, if these gentlemen are to adjudi-
cate finally in accordance with law and the policy
of this Government, I hold it to be the truest sort
of economy to secure men of talent ani experience,
i even if large salaries must be paid. You must get
gentlemen on this Board of Claims whose decisions
] will carry weight with them; men whose legal
knowledge and familiarity with the policy of this
country will enable them to give a judgment that
may be taken as a conclusive and final decision.
Such a board would have an effect on the commu-
nity; and to get such a board you must pay good
j ana sufficient salaries. The office is one of great
responsibility, and you must hold out sufficient
inducements to get the services of men who shall
be insensible to bribery, and who will only be act-
uated by a careful examination of the cases sub-
1 mitted for their adjudication, upon which examin-
ation they shall decide according to law and equity.
I Great labor will be required of them, and much
laborious research. It is a well-known fact that
the custom-house officers of Europe are men who
are open to bribery, and why ? Because their salaries
