1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
471
aw very insufficiWit, perhaps getting $100 per year,
on which they are *xp£ctro to support their wives
*nd families. I desire that no man in this country
should act in any responsible situation for the in-
terests of Government for an inadequate and nig-
gardly recompense. I am willing to vote for any
sum to secure the services of honest and capable
men. I should not think it right to demand such
services for a pittance, because they were performed
for the Government. I do despise that system
which would, at the risk of the loss of talent, offer
small and insufficient salaries. I see no reason-
in 
[Here the Chairman's hammer fell, the gentle-
man's five minutes having expired.]
Mr. THOMAS supposed that it was in order to
advocate the amendment?
The CHAIRMAN stated that it was too late,
but that an amendment to the pending amendment
was in order.
Mr. THOMAS moved, as a pro forma amend-
ment to the amendment, to strike out $3,500 and
insert #3,400 in lieu thereof.
Mr. T. said: I am a member of the committee
that reported this amendment; and, if my memory
is correct, it was at my suggestion that the amend-
ment was adopted. The ground upon which I
place the reduction from $4,000 to $3,500 is, that
the heads of all the bureaus of this Government
(but one) receive less than $3,500. If I am not
mistaken, there is but one who receives $3,500,
and that is the First Comptroller. The Second
Comptroller receives $3,000, and the head of:
every other bureau receives $3,000, Now,
these officers have to give their attendance at
the Departments every day in the year from i
nine o'clock till four, if they do their duty, which !
is probably three hours a day more than these I
commissioners will be expected to devote to their '
duties. These Departments which we already !
have in existence have to determine a greater ;
number of cases, and have to pay out a much !
larger amount of money every year, than this
board will have to do. If, therefore, we are to i
preserve anything like a fair and equitable division
of the pay of public officers of this Government,
$3,500 is the utmost that should be allowed to
these commissioners. These were, I believe, the
considerations which prevailed with thecommittee
in reporting this amendment.
Mr. CARTTER said, I am opposed not only
to the amendment of the gentleman from Tennes-
see and to-the amendment of the committee, but I
am also opposed to this whole concern, to the es-
tablishment of any tribunal of this kind.
The CHAIRMAN, (interposing.) The Chair
will state to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Cartter,] that in order to facilitate the proceed-
ings of the committee he shall require gentlemen
to confine themselves to the pending questions.
The gentleman from Ohio must address himself
to the amendment of the gentleman from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Thomas,] and in opposition to that
amendment, and not enter into the general merits
of the bill.  
Mr. CARTTER. I propose to speak against
the reduction of the salary, against the function-
ary who is to receive the salary, and against the j
bill which creates that functionary, and that course
of remark will be in order. I say, sir, that I am
opposed to the amendment of the gentleman from
Tennessee, and I am opposed to the-creation of i
the officer to whom that amendment proposes to
give a salary, and I am opposed to the bill that ,
makes such an officer necessary, and, in a word,
to the whole bill. What is the proposition that i
is presented to this committee? It proposes to ,
construct a tribunal for legislative purposes. It
is called a judicial tribunal to adjudicate claims.
Under what law is it to adjudicate them? If the
claimants who appeal to Congress have a legal
claim against this Government, you have legal ,
accounting officers to 
Mr. HOUSTON (interposing) raised the ques- '
tion of order, that tne gentleman from Ohio must
confine himself to the amendment of the gentleman
from Tennessee, (Mr. Thomas,] and to the ques- \
tion of the reduction of salary. i
The CHAIRMAN ruled the remarks of the ;
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cartter] in order.
Mr. CARTTER, (resuming.) I have noticed,
in all the discussions on this bill, that gentlemen
who are in favor of the establishment of this tribu-
nal have treated these claims as legal demands
against the Government. Now, if that be true, I
have this answer to them: We have laws regula-
ting our indebtedness to the individual citizens; we
have accounting officers to liquidate that indebted-
mess; we have a Treasury to satisfy that indebt-
edness; and no Government upon tne face of this
earth has ever been more libera! in the adjustment
of claims than this has been. You propose to
create a court to adjust these claims. What rules
will you prescribe for their guidance? Shall it be
the rules regulating the rights of the parties to a
contract? If you adopt these rules, you have a"
tribunal of that character already existing. Will
you adopt the rules of equity for the regulation of
this tribunal ? If so, you will have the same dis-
j position of the matter as you have already. No,
sir; the proposition here is to create a court of be-
nevolence—a court of public charity.
j [Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken on Mr. Thomas's
| amendment to the amendment, and it was not
agreed to.
Mr. TAYLOR. I propose to amend the amend-
i ment of the committee, by striking out " $3,500"
and inserting "$3,800. I am opposed to the
amendment offered by the gentleman from New
York on behalf of the Committee of Claims, be-
cause I think that the commissioners that fulfill the
duties contemplated by this Board of Accounts must
I be men of the highest character—men possessed
I of the very highest qualifications and the highest
| judicial attainments. I look upon this measure
| that is submitted to us as a most important one;
! and to avoid misapprehension in submitting this
j amendment to the proposition of the Committee of
| Claims, I am desirous of saying that I am in favor
i of this bill, and that I am also in favor of paying
! proper salaries to the commissioners who may be
j appointed under it. I am unwilling to consume
i the time of this committee by a general debate j
J upon the merits of the bill, but I cannot omit this ;
' opportunity of expressing myself as decidedly in
favor of this great measure. I conceive it to be
calculated more than any other bill that has been
submitted for the last twenty years, to economize !
the time of this House, and in every way to pro-
mote the true interests of the people of our coun
try, and of the Government, and do justice to all !
parties. >
What is now the condition of our private calen-
dar? It has been shown by the gentleman from i
New York [Mr. Nelson] that the number of
claims presented to Congress for the action of this ■
body has amounted to some nine thousand. This
is in the course of a long series of years; and that
out of this number only two thousand have re- >
ceived any action. Of this number it is to be pre-
sumed that but a small portion are illegal, unjust,
and unfounded altogether.
Sir, I believe that a large portion of these claims ,
are just and well-founded, and ought to be promptly
paid by Congress. Is itany reason because a man
has presented his claim here during a long course ,
of years to say to that claimant that his claim is
not just, and that he has no right to urge it here?
These claims should receive prompt action at the
hands of Congress. It is our dilatoriness that has ,
made these claims old, that has prevented many
claimants from getting what is justly theirs, and
has compelled them to present their claims here
for ten and fifteen years. Let us provide the claim- '
ant with a proper tribunal to present his claim,
and then this delay cannot occur. I might cite
numerous cases of this sort where claims that
are not disputed have been delayed for years, i
As an instance, I may mention the case of a con-
stituent of my own, who has presented a claim ,
for $100,WO, and who has had a favorable re- !
port presented to Congress. Five or six years ago !
the Senate reported, without a dissenting voice,
in favor of granting him $70,000 or $80,000 of his
claim. Ana yet this claimant has for five or six
Congresses prosecuted his claim, having it some-
times reported against and sometimes in favor of,
without being able to get any of his money. His j
claim—all claims presented here, ought either to
be allowed or rejected. There should not be this
delay. It is an injury, it is a positive wrong; and ,
it is because I think that this bill will remedy it that
I shall vote for it. If the proposition be properly
carried out, it will greatly facilitate the admimstra-
tion of justice, and we snail do so both by settling
legpl claims and getting rid of illegal claims.
[Here the Chairman's hammer fell.]
Mr. CARTTER obtained the floor and said: At
the close of my five minutes in opposition to the
amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee',
[Mr. Thomas,] I was remarking that you have
no rules ofjustice to regulate 
Mr. FITCH rose to a point of order. The
gentleman from Ohio had spoken in opposition to
the amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Thomas,] which proposed to reduce the sala-
ries of the commissioners, and he was now speak-
ing in opposition to theamendmentofhis colleague,
[Mr. Taylor,] which proposed to increase those
salaries, and was making the same argument in
both cases.
The CHAIRMAN said that it was the desire
of the Chair to confine the remarks of gentlemen
upon the amendment offered to the pending ques-
tion. At the same time, where a gentleman was
opposed to the whole bill and made his objection
to the pending amendment, a pertinent objection
I to the whole bill, the Chair would hold those
remarks to be in order. The Chair considered
the remarks of the gentleman from Ohio as perti-
nent objections to the amendment and bill, and
therefore entertained them. He did not, however,
so regard the present remarks of the gentleman, And
! must rule them out of order.
The question was then taken on Mr. Taylor's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. VAN DYKE moved to amend the amend-
ment^!^ ^striking out "$3,500," and inserting
]\lr. V. D. addressed the committee as follows:
I do not offer this amendment for the purpose
of making a few remarks and then withdrawing
it. I make it because I think the committee ought
to adopt it, if they are going to pass this bill. I
do not feel disposed to be parsimonious in regard
to the salaries given to persons who have high and
important duties to perform; but I believe that
$3,000 is enough for any person who may be called
to discharge these duties. It muy be that $3,000
cannot command the best talent in the country;
that is to say, there may be individuals in the
) country whose talents cannot be commanded for
ft,000, nor can they be commanded for $4,000.
ut I believe that $3,000 is just as likely to find
the most suitable talent in the country as $4,000.
Now, I believe that there is not a judge of the
j highest tribunals in the States north of Mason and
I Dixpn's line who receives more than $3,000 per
annum. It was only the other day that an at-
tempt was made in this House to increase the
salary of a distinguished judicial officer in Florida
—a gentleman, perhaps, capable of discharging
all the duties appertaining to this tribunal if it'
should be established, a gentleman with as high
talents as we should be likely to get—and this
House refused to raise his salary even from $2,000
to $2,500. Now, sir, $3,000 per annum is more
than any member in this Hall gets. $3,000 per
annum is more than any officer in this country
gets, except the Cabinet officers and the judges of
the Supreme Court, and, in my humble judgment,
it is as much as this Government ought to pay to
three individuals who may be called upon to dis-
charge the duties appertaining to this office. I
repeat that I do not believe that $3,500, or even
$4,000 will be likely to command any better talent
than $3,000. I think that men of the very best
capacity may be obtained for $3,000 to discharge
these duties, and I therefore think that the com-
mittee ought to adopt rny amendment.
Mr. McLEAN, of Kentucky, rose (he said) for
thepurpose of making an explanation.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must con-
fine himself to the amendment, and that by way
of opposition to the amendment.
Mr, McLEAN. That is what I intend to do.
In opposing the proposition of the gentleman, 1
desire to explain the amendment offered by the
Committee of Claims to the Senate bill. The
Senate bill gives a salary of $4,000 a year to these
officers, which the Committee of Claims proposed
to amend by making it $3,500. I think those
who were opposed to the bill voted for its reduc-
tion . The friends of the bill who appeared before
the Committee of Claims, were in favor of retain-
ing the sum of $4,000. For myself, I am deci-
dedly in favor of a salary of $4,000, and opposed
to the reduction proposed by the gentleman from
New Jersey, [Mr. V an Dyke.] A man who is com-
petent to discharge the duties that will devolve
upon the Board of Accounts rannot live upoB
