472
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 8,
S,000 a year, nor $3,500 in this city, as it will
absolutely necessary for him, in order to the ,
proper discharge of the duties of his office, to re- j
main in Washington during the whole year. If
you desire to make him independent, place him
above all extraneous and improper influenSes,give
him a salary sufficient to enable him to lire like a
gentleman. Make the salary large enough to se-
cure the best talent in the country. Sir, as a
friend of the bill, I am opposed to this amendment.
The question then being upon the amendment
offered by the gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr.
Van Dtke,]
Mr. S WLETSER asked for tellers, which were
ordered.
The question was then taken, (Mr. Cartter of
Ohio, and Mr. McLean of Kentucky, acting as
tellers,) and resulted—ayes 44, nays 71.
So liie amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. CROWELL inquired of the Chair what
the amendment of the committee was ?
The CHAIRMAN, in reply, said it was to strike
out $4,000 and insert $3,500.
Mr. CROWELL proposed to amend the amend-
ment by striking out $3,500 and inserting $3,850.
Mr. FITCH thought that the sum proposed by
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Crowell] had
been already submitted to the committee and re-
jected.
The CHAIRMAN decided that the amend-
ment which had been rejected was ' to insert
13,800, while this amendment was to insert $3,850.
Mr. CROWELL. Mr. Chairman, I am in .
favor of the general objects of this bill, although I
must confess, sir, that 11 m opposed to some of its
details. Some of my objections may be removed
by adopting the pending amendments. If the bill
is to become a law, I am desirous that there should
be a reasonable and just compensation paid to the
commissioners. This I believe to be very import-
ant.
Gentlemen have informed us here, sir, that
*? ,000 is as high a salary as is paid to any judicial
officer in any of the northern States. The honor-
able gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Van
Dtke,] in the course of his remarks, made a state-
ment to that effect, if I understood him correctly;
but I think he is entirely mistaken. The judges
of the Supreme Court of the State of Pennsylva-
nia, I am told, receive from $3,800 to $4,200 annu-
ally, or what is equivalent to that sum, and more
than $3,000,1 believe, are paid to judges in some
of the other States.
Mr. Chairman, in order to secure the services i
of able and competent men to fill these posts, and I
men who will discharge the duties of their office j
with credit to the country, it is necessary, in my
opinion, to pay a salary equal, at least, to the sum
reported in the bill as it came from the Senate.
Questions of grave importance are frequently in-
volved in claims upon the Government, and these
questions must be decided by this board, if the
bill become a law. I am in favor of the sum
named in that bill. It is no more than sufficient to
command the legal attainments and the eminent
abilities necessary and proper for the faithful dis-
charge of the duties imposed on the commission-
ers. I am in favor of the creation of this board
for the purpose of relieving this House from act-
ing in the capacity of a court to decide upon the
claims of private citizens, and I hope to see it filled
with upright and competent men. Why, sir, this
is the only national Legislature in any country, so
far as I know, that descends from the performance
of its appropriate functions, to sit in judgment
npon the private claims of individuals. In all the
Governments with whose history I am acquainted,
there is an appropriate tribunal provided, in some
form, to pass upon the claims of its citizens, in
which suits may be prosecuted and justice admin-
istered without denial or unreasonable delay.
Here no suit can be prosecuted against the Gov-
ernment. Sir, there always will be private claims;
this is unavoidable; and that Government is un-
just to its citizens which does not meet them fairly
when they are presented for allowance or adjudi-
cation. It is as much the duty of Government to
provide for the proper adjustment of claims against
itself as it is for the prompt adjudication of suits
pending between the citizens of the same country.
It is quite as imperative and as much the duty of
Government to secure speedy justice in the one
case as it is in the other. But, sir, our own expe-
perience has shown that justice cannot be done,
either to claimants or the Government in this ||
body  i i
[Here the hammer fell.] ;
Mr. DUNHAM. Mr. Chairman, I desire to
submit a single remark in reply to the remarks
made by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Crow-
ell.] It strikes me that members of this House
are very much mistaken as to the extent of the
relief that will be effected if Congress should pass
this bill. Why, how many cases are there pend-
ing before this House that cannot be decided by
any of the recognized principled known to the
common law? There is not one in ten. I will
venture to say, there is not one in a hundred.
They are for the most part cases in which there
are no principles of law to be settled, but cases to
be settled ex gratia, which require special legisla-
tion for each case. You cannot establish a board i
which shall pass upon such cases as these. If
you refer them to such a board, why, they will at
once refer them to Congress, and report that there
are no principles of law upon whic.li to decide
them. They will have to be carried through,
as a matter of grace, on the part of Congress, in
such a way as bills have been passed within the
last few weeks. This is a matter to which I wish
to call the attention of the House. There will be
no final decision by this Board of Commissioners.
Suppose that the case is decided here by this
board. You will not find a single man who
brings a claim before the board who will acqui-
esce in their decision. The claimant will say
that some of his testimony was not here, or that
his testimony was misapprehended, and the result
will be that we shall have to examine the whole
weight and burden of his testimony. He comes
here to Congress, presents us with another peti-
tion, and asks us to pass a law which shall again
refer it to a committee for the purpose of a re-
j hearing, and finally Congress passes a special law
for his relief. The gentleman from North Caro- :
lina [Mr. Daniel] this morning alluded to a case
1 which has been several times before the Commit-
tee of Claims. That very case has been referred
twice to the proper Department and there thor-
oughly investigated and paid; and yet we have
the same claim presented to us again; and the ap-
plicant pressing us for another decision.
I cannot say what will be the result of the ap-
plication before the committee, but we can see,
however, what will be the effect of these applica-
tionsbefore this Board of Commissioners, from this
very case which was referred to Secretary Walker.
He referred it to one of the Auditors, who thor- '
oughly investigated the case, examined all the ;
papers, and after such thorough examination paid I
the claim. But not satisfied with that, the party I
comes back to Congress, and asks for relief in the
I same case,and this, I apprehend, will be the effect of
I cases before this board. I venture the prediction
I now, that you will only give weight by this board
to that class of cases merely, which are decided in
! favor of the claimants, and which are acquiesced
in by the parties themselves. But the board will
not get rid of the claims, if they do not pay as
much as the party thinks he is entitled to; and if
they do not pay such sums as the individuals may
demand, they do not settle these cases by any
means. Suppose you pass a law, providing that
the decision of the board shall be final with regard
to these claims. If you should pass such a law,
and claims should be rejected by the board, why
the next Congress will take the cases out of the
general law, and pass a special law for the relief
of those whose claims are rejected. And all these
cases will be of that character—requiring special
acts of relief, in violation, or rather outside of the
general legislation of the country—cases which
cannot be decided by any principle of common
law, or by any recognized principles of equity.
jjlere the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Crowell, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. CROWELL. Mr. Chairman, I move to
strike out $3,500 and insert $3,900. When I was
interrupted by the fall of the Chairman's hammer,
I was about remarking that justice could not be
done to private claims before this tribunal. The
objections, which I need not dwell upon, are nu-
merous and imposing, and such as cannot escape
the observation of every member of this House.
The practice of diverting the attention of the
National Legislature to objects of this kind is
, entirely improper, and wholly outside of their
appropriate functions, and ought to be at once and
forever abandoned. But I need not remark here
upon that point. The experience of every one
who is a member of this body, and who has had
much experience here, must satisfy him upon that
point. It is impossible for members of this House,
unless they surrender up every other duty, fully to
investigate these claims, so as to understand their
merits and decide them correctly. The objection,
sir, that gentleman urge against the establishment
of this board, that unjust claims are presented
here, is one of the strongest arguments in favor of
this board. Here, claims that are unjust stand
upon about thesame footing as those that are just,
and are quite as often allowed. I want aboard
that has time and ability to discriminate between
the good and the bad, the just and the unjust, and
that will allow the one and reject the other.
The CHAIRMAN here interrupted the gentle-
man, and raminded him that he must confine him-
self strictly to the amendment.
Mr. CROWELL. I consider it essential to the
success of this measure, that the salary should be
the sum which I have named. This, and nothing
less, will command the services of an efficient
board. It is in that view that it is competent for
me to speak of the necessity for the creation of
this board, in order to secure justice to the citizen,
and prevent injustice to the Government. And
such a board I believe to be indispensable for this
purpose.
The CHAIRMAN The gentleman from Ohio
must confine himself strictly, in the remarks he
makes, to the amendment. He may argue here
in favor of a higher salary, in order to command a
! greater degree of talent, but he cannot go back to
I the orignal question as to whether there should be
1 a board or whether these claims should come to
| Congress. The Chair must insist upon gentle-
men 's confining their remarks strictly to the amend-
j ment which may be under discussion, in order to
facilitate business.
j Mr. CROWELL asked if his time had ex-
pired.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair interrupted the
gentleman, not because his time had expired, but
because he thought he was out of order in the re-
marks he was making.
Mr. CROWELL. It is competent, I suppose,
in support of the amendment which I offered, to
show the important duties which this board would
have to perform, and how essential a high salary
was,to securethe highest order of talent. This was '
precisely what I was doing when called to order by
i the Chair. With the view to secure the highest or-
der of talent—to proceed in my chain of reasoning—
it is necessary to give the members of the board a
: reasonable and just compensation. What will be
the duties which this board will have to perform ?
j Why, they will have to pass, in their capacity as
; judges, upon a great variety of private claims.
I Mr. BURT called the gentleman to order.
The CHAIRMAN said, he was of the opinion
that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Crowell] was
, endeavoring to evade the point of order.
Mr. BURT. My point of order is this, and I
' wish it to be decided by the Chair or the commit-
tee, and I am perfectly willing to acquiesce in
their decision, whatever it may be. The point of
order I make is this—that under the five minutes
rule, it is not competent for a member to do more
than explain or make clear the amendment which
he offers, and to make it intelligible. He cannot
make a speech, advocating it. This is my point
of order.
The CHAIRMAN would again state to the
committee, that his construction of the five minutes
rule was, that whenever any amendment is offered,
the member offering it must necessarily confine
j himself to that amendment; and his remarks must
j be directly pertinent to it. As far as the remarks
| of the gentleman are incidentally pertinent to the
original bill, they will be heard by the Chair.
Mr. CROWELL said he had only a word to
say in conclusion. .
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is out of
order, his time has expired.
Mr. MILLSON. It is necessary to advert to
the functions to be performed by this board, in
order to ascertain wnat compensation should be
awarded to the commissioners. Now, unless it
be the purpose of.the House to make the decisions
I of this board final, they cannot be more than mere
