1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
478
agents for the preparation of cases to be submitted
to Congress. *
Mr. CROWELL. I rise to a point of order.
The argument of the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Millson] is not legitimately in opposition to
my amendment, because he opposes the establish-
ment of the board, which is the object of the bill j
before the committee, as useless, because it will do !
nothing more than prepare cases to be submitted
to Congress
The CHAIRMAN thinks the remarks of the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Millson] are en-
tirely pertinent in opposition to the sum named in
the amendment  
Mr. MILLSON. When interrupted, I was
■peaking of what the functions of these agents
must be. They are to collect testimony, ana pre-
pare cases to "be submitted to Congress, unless
Congress should think proper to do, what we have
no idea they would do—make the decisions of
these cases final and conclusive. Now, sir, will
the House be ready to do that ? Shall the people
of the United States be controlled by three men,
called a Board of Claims? The ultimate power
must reside somewhere, and if it be not lodged in
the representatives of the people, there is no safety
for the people.
Sir, if you establish a board which has the right
of final judgment—the right to coerce and compel
the representatives of the people, you will have
occasion to recollect the significant remark of the
celebrated John Randolph, "that the book of
Kings follows the book of Judges."
Sir, I am unwilling, for one, to confer upon any
Board of Claims the right to coerce and compel
the representatives of the people to do what the
people themselves are not willing to do. Now, let
us look at what will be the practical operation of
this board. 1 look upon this whole scheme as cal-
culated to transfer the legitimate duties of Congress
to those 
Mr. EWTNG rose to a point of order, and it
was this: that the gentleman was not discussing
the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN thinks that the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Millson] is not speaking to
the amendment, but to the general principles of
the bill. j
Mr. MILLSON (in explanation) said, he was
about to connect the objects of the board as ex-
plained in the bill, with the appropriate salaries
that should be awarded to them.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Crowkll; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, moved to strike
out that portion of the first section of the bill con-
ferring the power to appoint the commissioners on
the President and the Senate, and to vest it in the
Supreme Court of the United States.
Mr. SCHENCK. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Johnson] and to the
Chair, that it is first in order to act upon the
amendment of the committee, which, I believe,
was referred with the bill to the Committee of the
\V hole on the state of the Union. This amend-
ment, proposed by the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Johnson,] as I understand it, is an original
one. As I have said, we have already before us
an amendment which was offered to the House,
and which had been referred to the Committee of
the Whole, and which it is our first business to
act npon.
Mr. S. inquired whether the amendment of the
gentleman from Tennessee was in order?
The CHAIRMAN. There is no doubt,in the
opinion of the Chair, that the amendment of
the gentleman from Tennessee is in order, an
amendment to strike out from the fifth to the tenth
lines. At the same time it will be in order for the
friends of that paragraph to perfect the original
section before the vote will be taken upon the
amendment.
Mr. TAYLOR inquired if it was in order to
propose an amendment to the amendment proposed
by the committee?
The CHAIRMAN stated that it was.
Mr. TAYLOR asked what was the nature of
the amendment?
The CHAIRMAN said that it was in order to
move an amendment to strike out, embracing the
whole of the part proposed to be stricken out by
the committee.
Mr. JOHNSON asked if he was not entitled to
fire minutes in explanation?
Mr. JONES said, he had understood the Chair
to decide tlmt it was in order to make the amend-
ment to strike out, but that it was in order first to
perfect the portion so stricken out.
The CHAIRMAN replied that it had so ruled.
Mr. JOHNSON said, my object in moving this
amendment was 
Mr. ASHMUN rose to a question of order.
His point of order was, that there was an amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York pending,
and the amendment of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee could not, therefore, be received. He
would like to know what had become of the former
amendment?
The CHAIRMAN stated that the amendment
of the gentleman from New York was to the sev-
enth line, and that the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee embraced other matter
than that contained in that amendment. The
gentleman from Tennessee was entitled to five
minutes by way of explanation, on the subject-
matter contained in his amendment.
Mr. ASHMUN understood that the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Tennessee was to
strike out the sum of $3,500 proposed by the com-
mittee, and insert $3,000.
The CHAIRMAN said the amendment em-
braced other matter, and was in order.
Mr. TAYLOR desired to propose an amend-
ment, by striking out the sum of £3,000 in the
amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee and
inserting £ .
The CHAIRMAN stated that such an amend-
ment would be in order.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, said that he
had moved the amendment that he had submit-
ted 
Mr. FOWLER would like the amendment to
be read.
The Clerk then read the amendment of the
gentleman from Tennessee:
Strike out from the first section after the won)" commis-
sioners" the following words: " to be appointed by the
President, by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate. Each commiituoiier shall receive a salary of [tour
thousand] thirty Jive kuudrtd dollar* per annum, shall hold
office tor the period of six years, and shall be removable by
the Presdent for official misconduct;" and to insert the fol-
lowing words in lieu thereof: " To be appointed by the Su-
I preane Court of the United States."
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. My object in
offering this amendment is to test the sense of
both parties upon what I conceive to be a very
important principle. When the Whig party are
out of power they make war upon Executive pa-
tronage, and when the Democratic party are out of
power they in like manner make war upon Execu-
tive patronage. Both parties when out of power
maintain that that patronage is already too great.
Now I look upon this board which it proposed to
create as nothing more nor less than a part of the
judiciary system of the Government. These com-
missioners are to be judges, and it is constitutional
that their appointment should devolve upon the
Supreme Court, and we should thereby prevent the
exercise of this patronage by the Executive. The
Supreme Court, so far in the history of our Gov-
ernment, has been above suspicion; it stands high
above reproach; and as this is a part of the judi-
eiary system, we should confer these appointments
upon the head of that braneh of the Government.
Both parties when out of power agree in depreca-
ting the extent and increase of executive patron-
age. Then why not remove the exercise of a
portion of that patronage which to some extent
exercises a corrupt and deleterious influence on
the country, from the Executive department, and
confer it upon the proper department of the Gov-
ernment?
Mr. MARSHALL desired to inquire of the
Chair, if the motion to strike out prevailed, what
would become of the amendment proposed by the
committee?
The CHAIRMAN said, if the motion to strike
out prevailed, that amendment would not again be
in order.
Mr. MARSHALL supposed that the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Tennessee would over-
ride the amendment proposed by the committee?
The CHAIRMAN said that it certainly did, but
that by refusing to strike out, the committee would
retain the amendment of the committee.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of the gentleman from Tennessee, and it was re-
jected.
Mr. GORMAN wished to know if the motion
of the gentleman was not to strike out certain
words in the first section, and insert others ?
The CHAIRMAN stated that such was the na-
ture of the pending motion of the gentleman from
Ohio. a.
Mr. GORMAN presumed it would be in order
to move to strike out the words proposed to be
stricken out in that amendment together with
others?
The.CHAIRMAN replied that he had already
stated, in view of the amendment of the gentleman
from Tennessee that it was in order to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio to strike
out these words together with other words in the
first section.
Mr. GORMAN supposed that it would be in
order to strike out the whole of the first section ?
The CHAIRMAN stated that it would.
Mr. GORMAN then made a motion to strike
out the whole of the first section.
Mr. TAYLOR inquired whether he had under-
stood the Chair to decide that a motion to strike
out the whole of the first section would now be m
order ?
The CHAIRMAN had stated that it was in
order to move to strike out either the words pro-
posed to be stricken out by the gentleman from
New York by themselves, or together with other
words.
Mr. TAYLOR understood that the gentleman
from Indiana had moved to strike out the whole
section. Was such a motion in order ?
The CHAIRMAN stated that it was in order.
Mr. MARSHALL supposed that before the
vote was taken on the motion to strike out the first
section, it was first in order to perfect that sec-
tion ?
The CHAIRMAN said that such was the case.
Mr. MARSHALL stated that at the proper
time he should offer an amendment to the first sec-
tion.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the gentleman
from Indiana was entitled to a five minutes ex-
planation.
Mr. GORMAN. I was in hopes that no amend-
ment would be proposed to the motion which I
have made, and that is, to strike out the first sec-
tion of the bill. The Chair and the committee
will perceive, that my object is to bring the com-
mittee to a test vote upon this question. The vote
upon my motion to strike out the first section will
decide whether this bill is going to succeed or fail.
My principal motive is not to make a speech, but
to facilitate the business of the committee; but
while I am up I will express to the committee my
own opinions, humble as they may be, against
this whole project. As was remarked by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cartter,] this bill pro-
poses to establish, not a court of law or of equity—
for we have these already—but a court of benevo-
lence. It is proposed to organize a court to adjudi-
cate upon claims, or rather, it is not a court, but a
new Committee of Claims. In other words, it is
another proposition to add to the expenditures,
and embarrass the finances of the country. The
Committee of Claims of this House has been, thus
far, fully able and competent to meet all the emer-
gencies of the country that have been put upon
them. But why is it that this House does not
act on the business of the country proposed by
the committee? It is not for the want of a dispo-
sition to act on private business, but because the
rules of this House prevent speedy action. If this
is not true, I have had two years' experience to
very little purpose. It is not, I say, for want of
a disposition on the part of this House to act upon
private business, that anybody has gone away
" weeping" (in the language of the gentleman
from North Carolina, Mr. Venable, the other
day) from this Hall. But who are the persons in
this country who have been distressed and broken
down by the withholding of their claims ? Are
they the grandchildren of some revolutionary sol-
diers who have gone away " weeping" from this
Hall? Is it the claimant of some seventy-five-
years-old claim ? Who are they, I want to know,
who have gone away from this Hall " weeping"—
the orphan children to their desolute homes, and
the widows to their graves, because Congress will
not allow their claims ? Where are they ? Sym-
pathy, pity, rhetoric and beau tful language can
paint them, but the truth is, you find no cases of
persons who have gone forth from the Halls of
