474
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 8,
this Congrats with just claims rej&tfd.and de-
nied their rights. But there have be«ai persons
whose claims have been reported against, again
and again, and the watchful and wa/y officers of
the Government have rejected them Again and
again. Some claims, it is true, have beerffost for
want of time. Some that have passed through one
branch of CowgTess have been lost in the other for
want of time. Whose fault is that? Am I, as
one of the representative of the people to blame ?
[Here the Chairman's hammer felt.]
Mr. SCHENCK said: I am opposed to the
proposition of the gentleman from Indiana, because
its object is to defeat the intentions of the whole
bill. 1 am iu favor of this bill, or some equivalent,
and I therefore purpose to reply to his remarks.
I do not want to take up the tune of this House,
but I must say that I do not think that this is the
flace to legislate upon these claims. My colleague
Mr. Tatlor] has referred to the number of un-
settled and long standing claims, many of which,
as he has stated, I believe to be just.
I may mention that a constituent of my own
applied some fourteen years ago at the Land Office,
•na entered a quarter section of land. The
register of the Land Office made a blunder, and
made the entry upon a quarter section that was not
vacant. The #200 required by law were paid.
A year, or thereabouts, afterwards, when he applied
for his patent, he was told that the register had
made a blunder, and that the land he had bought
was not subject to entry. He then requested his
money back, but was informed that it could not
be returned, because it had been paid into the
Federal Treasury, and there was no law, and no
authority in the practice of the Department, that
would warrant it. He was then further told, he
must apply to Congress. And now he has been
fourteen years, session after session, trying to get
this $200 back.
This claim came up the other day, and was ob-
jected to because there was a claim made for the
interest. The case has been acted upon by the
different Departments, and by the different branch-
es of the Legislature, and been reported favorably
upon.
Thus has he gone on for fourteen years, without
a single year's intermission, trying to get back his
$200, which you have got by a blunder of one of
your officers, aud which you will not give him.
Is such a disposition of these private claims be-
coming to this Congress ? Is it a fair and faithful
adjudication upon tnem ? Believing, as I do, that ;
this Congress forms the worst of all possible tri-
buiials for this purpose, I am willing to make any
"experiment" in order to escape from what ap-
pears to me to be unjust to all parties. I have
such faith in the common sense of this House, that
I believe that members on this floor will vote for .
this measure.
I have given but one illustration of the effects of
the present system; but it is but a single example,
or rather a sample, of the kind of treatment the
claimants against Government have to experience.
I might quote cases until I and you got tired of it.
I believe that when I was presenting the case 1
have referred to last the grandchildren were the
claimants. I was some time since trying to get a
claim allowed for a boat that was admitted to be
taken; but at last, everybody connected with the
claim having died, I gave it up. It was a just and
proper claim. This sort of aelay, sir, is a denial
of justice. This bill offers an opportunity to es-
cape from the dilemma in whicn we are now
placed, and I trust that it will be passed by the
committee.
The CHAIRMAN said that the question re-
curred on striking out the first section of the bill.
Mr. MARSHALL wished to perfect the first
section before the vote was taken on striking out,
and he therefore proposed to strike out the twen-
ty-first and twenty-second lines,as follows: "And
their decision upon ail such cases when unani-
mous shall be final and conclusive."
Mr. GORMAN inquired if he had .not the
right of replying to the gentleman from Ohio? [Mr.
ScHEKC|{ 1 I
The CHAIRMAN replied that he had not, as '
the gentleman from Ohio had replied to the gentle-
man from Indiana. ,
Mr. GORM AN thought that the gentleman from i
Ohio had moved an amendment to his amend-
ment. |
Mr. SCHENCK said he had not. He had 1
spoken in opposition to the gentleman's amend-
ment, as he was desirous of seeing it voted down,
and he presumed that the gentleman from Indiana
wifhsd differently.
Mr. MARSHALL proposed to strike out just
so much of the first section as made the decisions
of the proposed Board of Claims in every case
conclusive and final. He understood that there
was a difference in the committee 
Mr. VINTON rose to a question of order. He
believed that the amendment proposed to the first
section of the bill reported by the Committee of
Claims, was to perfect the section by striking out
$4,000 and inserting $3,500. He held that the
vote must be taken on that amendment before the
section could be improved by other motions.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that the motion of the gentleman from Kentucky
includes the words proposed to be stricken out by
the Committee of Claims.
Mr. MARSHALL. No, it does not.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the gentleman's
amendment is not in order.
Mr. FITCH asked if it would be in order to
move to amend the seventeenth and eighteenth lines
of the section ?
The CHAIRMAN replied that it would not be
in order. The amendment now pending was to
the seventh line of the section; and an amendment,
to be in order, must be an amendment to that
amendment.
Mr. FITCH said that he understood the amend-
ment of his colleague to be to strike out the entire
section.
TheCHAIRMAN. TheChair rules the amend-
ment out of order.
Mr. FITCH made a remark which the Reporter
did not catch, but
The CHAIRMAN called the gentleman to
order.
Mr. FITCH said that he was merely asking a
question of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has repeatedly
stated to the committee that the amendment now
pending is an amendment to the seventh line of the
first section, and that any amendment offered must
be an amendment to that amendment. The Chair
would entertain a motion to strike out those words
and insert other words, or to strike out those
words together with other words following or
preceding them, but the Chair will not entertain
an amendment to the eighteenth line of the section.
Mr. FITCH said that he understood the Chair
to say then that no amendment would now to be
order unless it related to the salaries of the com-
missioners ?
The CHAIRMAN. None except the single
amendment moved by the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Gohmav] to strike out the entire section.
Mr. TAYLOR moved to amend the amendment
by striking out $3,500 and inserting $4,500. He
then addressed the committee as follows: I sub-
mit this amendment in order that I may have an
opportunity of continuing the remarks which I
was making when interrupted by the expiration
of my five minutes. My object is to express my
opinion in regard to the importance of having the
commissioners to be appointed under this act men
of high character for intelligence, and of high ac-
quirements in every respect. I think, sir, that
the three commissioners to be appointed under the
act, should be men competent to fill the highest
judicial stations in this country. It is my opin-
ion that you cannot command the talents of such
men unless you provide an adequate salary. What
is the salary now given to the judges of the Su-
Ereme Court? You have nine judges upon the
ench. The Chief Justice receives $5,000, and
each of his associates $4,500, and you pay to the
various officers in the judicial departments of the
Government salaries equal in amount. You pay
your second grade of foreign ministers $4,500 per
annum, many of whom would be incapable of
filling the place of a commissioner under this act.
The labors of the commisioners to be appointed
under this act will be very great, and they should
be men of the highest order of talent and character.
I know that there is great inequality in the pay of
officers of the Federal Government. There is
freat inequality in the pay of members of this
louse, some of whom receive only half the pay,
while other* receive higher salaries than we pro-
pose to pay to these commissioners.
Itis an inequality that ought not to exist; it ought
to be equalized. We pay to the officers of the
navy-yards the highest salaries that you propose
to pay commissioners under this act. You give
them beautiful residences to reside in—better re-
muneration thaji you give your Cabinet Ministers.
These inequalities in salaries are not agreeable to
the rights and good sense of the people of this
country. And when you come to appoint a board
of high character to adjudicate upon from $5,000
to $10,000, and perhaps upon larger amounts, you
must expect it to do justly and legally, or unjustly,
illegally, and fraudulently. You must, then, have
a boara composed of men of the highest charac-
ter, intelligence, and moral purity, that will be en
abled by its decisions to command the approbation
of the country, and silence fraudulent applicants.
Sir, delay in the payment of these claims is a
crying evil, and aoes injustice to the claimant
against Government, It can be done away, and
must be 
[Here the Chairman's hammer fell.]
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, made a
ftw remarks, which were wholly inaudible to the
Reporter, urging upon the committee to dispose
of the bill before rising, if they had any regard to
the condition of the public business.
On motion by Mr. DISNEY, the committee then
rose, and the Speaker having resumed the chair,
the chairman of the committee reported progress.
Mr. YENABLE moved that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. J. A. KING moved that the House ad-
journ to meet on Monday at eleven o'clock, a. m.
The SPEAKER ruledf the amendment out of or-
der, as there was a motion to adjourn pending.
The House then adjourned till Monday.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, February 8, 1851.
The PRESIDENT of the Senate laid before the
body a communication from the Secretary of War,
made in compliance with a resolution of the Sen-
ate of the 6th instant, calling for a copy of any
report in reference to the harbor of New Castle,
and other harbors of the Delaware, transmitting
the report  f Colonel Abert, the chief of the Top-
ographical Bureau, on the subjects embraced in
said resolution; which was read, referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
Also, a report from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, communicating a statement showing the
quantity and value of certain articles imported
into the United States from Canada during the
years 1849 and 1850; which was read, referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. SEWARD presented two petitions from
inhabitants of Sherman, in the State of New York,
asking the repeal or radical amendment of the fu-
gitive slave law.
Also, one of a similar character from inhabit-
ants of Pennsylvania, which he moved to refer
, to the Committee on the Judiciary.
; On motion by Mr. CLAY, ordered that they lie
on the table.
Also, from inhabitants of Pennsylvania, asking
the prohibition of slavery in the Territories, re-
monstrating against the admission of any more
slave States into the Union, and for the abolition
of slavery in the District of Columbia.
On motion by Mr. BERRIEN, ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. MILLER presented a memorial from citi-
zens of New Jersey, setting forth that inventors
and assignees of inventors, holding rights under
the patent laws of the United States, are suffering
great loss from the introduction of products man-
ufactured by machines of American invention in
the British provinces, and stating that the subject
has become one of so much importance as to in-
volve the whole value of the inventions secured to
them by letters patent, and asking that the bill now
before Congress giving further remedies to patent-
ees may be passed; wnich was ordered to lie on
the table. . ,
Mr. CLAY presented two memorials from the
proprietors and operatives of iron forges in Blair
county, Pennsylvania, setting forth the great dis-
advantage under which they labor in consequence
of the present tariff, and asking that it may be so
