476
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 8,
ANNALS OF CONGRE8S.
Mr. PEARCE, from the Committee on the Li-
brary, re-iorted h bill to provide for the distribu-
tion of the annals of Congress; which was read
« first time and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. PEARCE. As that bill proposes no new
contract, but simply to distribute books which
have been ordered to be purchased, and for which
a contract has been made, I would be very glad if
the Senate would consent to consider it at this
time. Several thousand of these books will be de-
livered in the course of the ensuing recess, and
there is no place in which to put them. This bill
is simply to provide for their distribution without
any inconvenience.
By unanimous consent the bill was then read a
second time, and the Senate proceeded to consider
it as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill provides that the two thousand copies
of the " Annals of Congress "contracted for shall
be distributed as follows: one copy to the Presi-
dent of the United States; two copies to each of
the Executive Departments; fivecopies to the Li-
brary of Congress; fifty copies to the Library of
the House of Representatives; twenty-five copies
to the document room of the Senate for the use of
the Senate; six copies to the office of the Secre-
tary of the Senate; three hundred copies to col-
leges and literary institutions; twenty-five copies
for international exchanges; fifty copies for the
foreign legations of the United States; two copies
to the Military Academy; two copies to the
Navul School; one copy to the Smithsonian In-
stitution; one copy to each Circuit and District
Court of the United States: and the residue to be
deposited in the Department of State subject to the
future disposition of Congress.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time.
RESOLUTION 8UBMITTED.
Mr. RUSK submitted the following resolution
for consideration:
Remlved, That tile Secretary of the Senate be required to
procure tor the use of the Senate lour hundred copies of
tho act* of the last and each succeeding session of Congress.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. GWIN, in pursuance of notice, asked and
obtained leave to bring in a bill to establish a
branch of the Mint of the United States in Califor-
nia; which was read a first and second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. DOWNS, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a joint resolution
explanatory of an act entitled "An act to provide
for the adjustment of land claims within the States
of Missouri, Arkansas, and Louisiana, and in
those parts of the States of Mississippi and Ala-
bama south of the 31stdegree of north latitude and
between the Mississippi and the Perdido rivers,"
approved the 17th of June, 1844, and the act re-
vived by said act; which was read the first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
NOTICE OF BILL.
Mr. RUSK gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a joint resolution to enable the
Postmnster General to contract for the carrying
the mails between Aquia Creek and the city of
Washington.
BILL PASSED.
The engrossed bill granting to the State of Mis-
souri the right of way and a portion of the public
land to aid in the construction of a railroad from
Hannibal to St. Joseph, in said State, was read
a third time and passed.
DISCIPLINE OF THE NAVT.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I reported the
other day from the Committee on Naval Affairs a
bill " to enforce discipline and promote good con-
duct in the naval service of the United States."
It is a bill which was drawn up by a board of
officers of the Navy, assembled in this city, and
which; with some corrections, received the appro-
bation of the Naval Committee, and which tliev
hope will receive the approbation of the Senate.
The Senate are aware that Congress has been
urged at this session by the appropriate Depart-
ment to speedy action on this sunject.
The bill is intended to afTord a substitute for the.
corporal punishment which was at>olished by an
set of the last session. It is prepared, as is evi- ,
dent from the bill itself, in an earnest desire and
effort on the part of the officers to carry out in
good faith the wishes find views of Congress on
that subject. I ask the Senate to take up the bill
this morning, with the promise on my part that I
will not detain them by a speech upon it, but will
trust that they will be enabled to understand it
without any explanations, and with the further
assurance on my part that if it should unexpect-
edly give rise to debate by other Senators, I will
cheerfully consent to have it laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill was read a second time, and the Senate
proceeded to consider it as in Committee of the
Whole. The bill is as follows:
A BILL to enforce discipline and promote food conduct ill
the naval service of the United States.
Be it enacted, 4-cThat nummary courts martial may be
ordered upon petty officers, and persons of inferior ratings,
by the commander of any vessel in the navy, for the trial of
offences which he may deem deserving of greater puuiah
ment than the commander of a vessel is, by the act approved
twenty third April, eighteen hundred, authorized to inflict
of his own authority, but not sufficient to require trial by
general court martial.
Sec. a. And be it further enacted, That summary courts
martial shall consist of three commissioned officers, and of
some competent person to act as recorder: Provided, That
in cases where commissioned officers cannot be detailed lor
such service, said court may be composed of any officers
above the rank of midshipman. Before proceeding to trial,
the members shall take the following oath or affirmation,
which the recorder is hereby authorized to administer:
" I, A. B., do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will well
aud truly try, without prejudice or partiality, tlie case now
depending, according to the evidence winch shall he de-
duced, the laws for the government of the Navy, and my
own conscience.''
After which, the recorder of the court shall take the fol-
lowing oath or affirmation, which the senior member of the
court shall administer: " I, A. II., do solemnly swear (or
sffirui) thatl willkeep a true record of the evidence which
may be given before this court, and of the proceedings there-
of."
Sac. 3. And it it further enacted. That the commander
of a ship shall have authority to order any officer under his
command to act as the recorder of a summary court martial.
See. 4. And be it further enacted. That all testimony
given before such court shall be given orally, on oath or
affirmation, which the senior member of the court shall ad-
minister.
Sec. S. And be it further enacted, That summary courts
martial may sentence petty officers, aud persons of inferior
ratings, to the following punishments, via :
1st. Discharge from the service, with bad conduct dis-
charge.
2d. Solitary confinement in irons, single or double, on
bread and water: Provided, No such confinement shall ex-
ceed thirty days.
3d. Solitary confinement in irons, single or double, not ,
exceeding thirty days.
4th. Solitary confinement not exceeding thirty days.
5th. Confinement not exceeding two months.
6th. Reduction to next inferior rating.
7th. Ball and chain, but not to be worn at sea.
8th. Deprivation of liberty on shore.
And loss of pav. not to exceed three months, may be
added to any of the above mentioned punishments.
Sac. 6. And b* it further enacted. That no such sea-
tence shall be carried into execution, without the approval
of the officer ordering the court, who shall have power to
remit in part or altogether, but not to commute any such
sentences: And provided, That no sentence to solitary
confinement shall be directed to be earned into execution
until the surgeon or senior medical officer on board, at the
time, has examined the prisoner and certified that it can be
done without serious injury to his health; ami it shall be
the doty of the commander to remit the whole or any part
of any sentence by a summary court martial, the execution
of winch would, in the opinion of the said surgeon or se-
nior medical officer, produce such injury.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted. That ttie commander
of every ship or vessel in the navy shall cause s conduct-
book to be kept, embracing every petty officer, and person
of inferior rating, under Ins command, in which shall be
noted every instance of meritorious or bad conduct of each
man ; and whenever a man is discharged, either at or be-
fore the expiration of his term of service, he shall take care
that lus general character be noted on lus discharge, giving
M those who merit them, good couduct discharges: and to
those who deserve them bad conduct discharges; and to
those whose conduct shall merit no particular note, dis-
charges in the usual form : Provided, That the character
to be given on a discharge shall be ascertained and estab-
lished under such rules as shall be prescribed by the Navy
Department.
Sec. 8. And to U further enacted, That any petty officer,
or person of inferior rating, who shall be discharged with a
good discharge, a tier a service of not less than two years,
shall have a preference on reentering the service, and in
advance to higher ratings, over persons of similar qualifica-
tions, bat who have not so served ; and wheaever a petty
officer, or person of inferior rating, shall be transferred from
one ship or station to another, his character shall be noted
on the transfer roll.
Sac. 9. And to it further cted. That every petty offi-
cer, or person of inferior rating, who shall receive a good
conduct discharge, after a continuous service of not less
than two years, shall, if he reenters within three months af-
ter his discharge, be entitled to a credit on the books of the
ship to which he may be first ordered, of three months'
wages at his former rating; and alter twenty years' service
in uw aavv, with good conduct discharges at the termina-
tion of each enlistment, every suck petty officer or person
of inferior rating, shall be entitled to admission to and pro-
vision in the naval asylum for life, with half the monthly
wages of his last enlistment.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That commanding
officers may, of Uieir own authority, punish offences com-
mitted by petty officers and others of inferior ratings under
their command, by solitary or other confinement; by dimin-
ishing their rations; by restricting their diet to bread and
water; by imposing extra police and other duties ; by with-
holding permission to leave the ship on liberty, when such
indulgence is granted to others of the ship's company : and
in case of theft not exceeding the value of five dollars, by
making good from the wages of the offender to the owner
the value of the article or articles proved to have been
stolen, and obliging the offender to wear, for an\ time not
exceeding ten days, a badge with the word " thief ," and
such commanding officer may combine any two of these
punishments, at his discretion. But solitary confinement
thus directed shall not exceed fifteen days, nor other close
confinement twenty days ; nor shall any of the other pun-
ishments hereby authorized be continued for a longer bme
than thirty days, nor so long as, in the opinion of the sur-
geon, or senior medical officer present, its continuance
would seriously affect the health of the offender. If the
offences shall be deemed to require severer punishment, the
offender may be confined unul he can be brought to trial be-
fore a court, either general or summary, or his release is or-
dered by proper authority.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That the proceedings
of summary courts-martial shall be conducted with as much
conciseness and precision as may be consistent with the
ends of justice, and under sad) forms and rules as may be
prescribed by the Secretary of the Navy, with the approval
of the President of the United States; and ail such proceed-
ings shall be transmitted, la the usual mode, to the Navy
Department.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted. That any punish-
ments authorized by this act to be inflicted by a summary
court-martial may likewise be inflicted by any general court-
martial.
Mr. BADGER. I desire to submit an amend-
ment to the second section of the bill. In that sec-
tion there is a proviso that "in case commissioned
officers cannot be detailed for said service, said
court shall be composed of any officers above the
rank of midshipman." I propose to amend this
by inserting after the worcl " officers" the words
"of or,"and after the word "of," and before
"midshipman," the word " passed;" so that the
clause will rend, "said court shall be composed
of any officers of or above the rank of passed mid-
shipman."
Mr. HALE. I hope the amendment will not
be adopted. I think, if the Senate saw the purport
of it, they would be slow to adopt it. It is to allow
pasaed midshipmen to be members of these courts-
martial. I think a great part of the difficulty which
has occurred in the naval service has been from
the usurpation of midshipmen and passed midship-
men. In my opinion, they had better learn to
obey before they begin to command. I will not
trouble the Senate, but I hope the amendment will
not be adopted.
Mr. BADGER. I promised I would not make
a speech. I will keep my promise. But I think
the propriety of the amendment must commend
itself to every Senator.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I move to amend
the bill by adding the following additional section:
" Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That hereafter Hm
judges advocate 01 general court-martial shall be appointed
fVoiii the commissioned officers of the Navy."
The object of the amendment is to give to the
Navy judges advocate of similar description to
those given to the Army. It is to prevent the em-
ployment of attorneys to art as judges advocate on
the trial of officers of the >*avy. My belief is that
officers of the Navy are more competent to act as
judges advocate on naval courts-martial than attor-
neys who are not accustomed to military law.
But a greater evil than this might arise: I will not
say it lias arisen. Lawyers might be employed
who would prosecute merely for pay, re^rting to
all the technicalities they could, in order to get
good compensation. Such cases might arise, and
it is our duty to provide against them.
Mr. BADGER. I shall make no speech about
the matter. It may be all verv rijht; but it has
nothing to do with this bill. This is not a bill to
regulate general courts-martial.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. It is tree the bill
is to provide for summary courts-martial. The
object of the amendment is to correct what I !>e-
lieve to be an evil in the administration of general
courts-martial.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HALE. I move to strike out of the seventh
line of the first section the word " is," and insert
"was." The section provides that summary
courts-martial mar be ordered by the comman-
der of any vessel in the Navy, •« for the tnal of
