418
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 8,
t© that temporary appointment but the filling of,
the vacancy. Nothing ends the temporary ap-
pointment but the filling of the vacancy .
Upon the other question I concur with the Ju-
diciary Committee, although I confess that at first
my views were different, as a matter of necessary
construction. Although the vacancy is not filled
by the choice of a Senator, but by the acceptance
of the person chosen, yet when his credentials are
presented I can see no escape from the conclusion
that the Senate must take it as evidence that the
party has accepted.
Mr. BALDWIN. Mr. President, as the yeas
and nays are to be taken on this proposition, I
wish to state very briefly my own views in rsgard
to it. I concur in the construction which has been
given by the Senator from Virginia [Mr. Mason]
to that clause in the Constitution now under re-
view, giving to the Executive of a State the power
of making temporary appointments to the Senate
until the next meeting of the Legislature. I be-
lieve that the word which is claimed by some to
limit the duration of the office merely has respect
to the duration of the power in the Executive.
He is at liberty to make the appointment, or, if
more vacancies than one should occur, he is at
liberty to make appointments, from time to time,
until the next meeting of the Legislature. Then,
if there be in fact a vacancy in the seat, or a va-
cancy of the term, none can fill it but the legisla-
tive body.
But, sir, I do not concur in the views expressed
hy the honorable Senator in regard to the time
when the vacancy shall be deemed to be filled.
The object of the framers of the Constitution un-
questionably was—and that, indeed, seems to be
conceded by all—to make a provision by which
the representation of the States in the Senate
should at all times be full. The Constitution had
Erovided that the Senators should be appointed
y the State Legislature for the term of six years. 1
It a vacancy should happen during the recess of
the Legislature, of course it reauired a distinct
Srovision in order to enable the Executive of the
tate temporarily to supply that vacancy; and it
required, in addition, a provision to enable the
Legislature of the State to make an appointment
for the residue of the term, because the preceding
provision of the Constitution reauired that the Sen-
ator should be appointed by the Legislature for
the period of six years. And were ii not for that (
provision which is now under the consideration of
the Senate, whenever a vacancy occurred the Le-'
gislature would have had no other power than to j
appoint a Senator for the period of six years. But
by this provision the Exeiutive makes the ap- 1
pointment temporarily, and it is the duty of the
Legislature to nil the vacancy; that is, to appoint
for the residue of the term. The Executive by
his appointment does not fill the vacancy. He
merely appoints a Senator pro tempore. Tne lim-
itation upon the duration of the office is made by
the word " temporary." He makes u "tempo-
rary" appointment; that does not fill the vacancy.
The vacancy continues to exist; the Legislature,
when they meet, proceed to " fill such vacancy."
What vacancy ? The vacancy that occurred ori-
ginally, and which the Executive appointment has
never filled. It is, then, the duty of the Legisla-
ture to fill the vacancy; but the Legislature cannot
fill the vacancy alone. It requires, in my judg-
ment, not only the acceptance of the appointment
by the individual chosen by the Legislature, but
it requires the judgment of the Senate upon the
qualifications of the individual who is thus cliosen
before the place can be filled.
Another clause of the Constitution makes this
body—not the Legislature of a State, not the Ex-
ecutive of a State, but this body—the judge of the
qualifications of its own members,and no man can
be a Senator, though elected by the Legislature of
his State, until he has presented himself here with
his credentials and been permitted by this body,
either by a direct vote or bv the silent acquiescence
of the body in case there be no objection, to take
his seat as a Senator. The judgment of the Sen-
ate is presumed to be passed in every case upon
the qualifications of the persons who present them-
selves here for admission into this body. The cre-
dentials are presented; they are read m open Sen-
ate, and if no objection be made, the unanimous
sense of the body is that the party who thus pre-
sents himself is entitled to take his seat, upon the
administration of the oath required by tneOoa-
stitution of the United States, as a Senator. The
judgment of the body is then passed upon him
and he becomes a Senator upon taking his seat.
But until he takes his seat—until he presents him-
self here—is the place filled ? It is occupied by
the temporary appointee of the Governor in the
manner in which the Constitution intends it should
be occupied. But the vacancy is not filled until
the person constitutionally elected by the Legisla-
ture, possessing the necessary qualifications, pre-
sents himself to the body, and is by the judgment
of the body admitted to his seat. Then the place •
is filled. I think, therefore, that the report of the
committee is riget as far as it goes, but it does not
go far enough to meet entirely the exigency con-
templated in the Constitution, and to fulfill the fair
intendment of that provision of the Constitution
which is now under consideration.
Mr. Rantoul's credentials have been presented
here. In the opinion of the chairman of the Ju-
diciary Committee, by whom the report was made,
his acceptance may be presumed from the fact
that the Governor of his State has transmitted to
the Senate the evidence of his appointment. But
is there any fair or legitimate deduction to be
drawn from the mere transmission of his creden-
tials by the Executive? If Mr. Rantoul himself
had received from the Executive the evidence of
his appointment, and had caused that evidence to
be transmitted to the Senate, there would have
been proof of his intention to accept the appoint-
ment; but the transmission by the Executive
alone affords no inference, in my judgment, one
way or the other. It is simply a detail of the fact
that the Legislature of the State of Massachusetts
has selected him to fill thepresent vacancy.
Suppose, sir, that Mr. Rantoul were nominated
to-day by the President of the United States to fill
some office that has been established by a law
passed since the date of his credentials, and the
Senate should he called on to confirm that nomi-
nation, would it be said that Mr. Rantoul was a
Senator, and therefore disqualified from receiving
the appointment? Has Mr. Rantoul assented to
any act of his disqualification ? He applies for
an appointment—an executive appointment; the
Executive nominates hinv, he chooses to accept it.
Is he disqualified because the Legislature of his
State have thought propor to confer upon him the
appointment of Senator? Certainly not. Until
he has accepted it, he cannot be affected by their
action, and the Senate cannot presume one way
or the other, in my judgment, in regard to his ac-
ceptance of the appointment, until ne himself has
manifested that acceptance. The Senate cannot
regard the vacancy as filled until he has presented
himself here; the Senate then being called upon
to decide whether they will admit him to his seat,
to judge of his qualifications, either by a silent
permission for him to take the necessary oath, or
by a direct vote admitting him to his seat. But in
all these cases, according to my view, the judg-
ment of the Senate passes upon the qualifications
of every individual who is admitted to his seat.
To be sure, if it should afterwards be discovered
by the Senate that they had misjudged the facts in
the case, it would be open to the body to recon-
sider its judgment. But in every instance where
a person is elected and takes his seat in this body,
he takes his seat by the permission and judgment
of the Senate, as to his qualifications, and not
simply because he has been appointed by the Le-
gislature of his State. I therefore hope that the
amendment offered by the Senator from South
Carolina [Mr. Rhett] will not be adopted, and,
should that be the case, I shall propose the reso-
lution which I hold in my hand, as an amendment
to the resolution submitted by the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Davis.] It is in these
words:
Rnolrtd, That a Senator appointed by the Kxeentive of
a State, in consequence ot" the happ«ninz of a vacancy du-
ring the itces  of the Legislature, is entitled to hold liis seat
under the temporary appointment of the Executive until
such vacancy is filled by the Legislature at the next session
thereof, and the person appointed to All tlie same shall ap-
pear and be qualified theretor, pursuant to the requirement
of the Constitution.
Mr. HALE. I wish to call the attention of the
Senate for a moment to the position in which we
find ourselves. What is before the Senate? Mr.
Rantoul is not here claiming a seat. Mr. Win-
throp has vacated his seat. He said yesterday
that ne was unwilling to prolong his term here by
his own act, and he therefore presented the cre-
dentials " with the understanding that, agreeably
to the recent report of the Judiciary Committee,
the presentation of the credentials will imply an ac-
ceptance on the part of the Senator elect, so far
forth at least as to terminate the office of the eittin°-
member." And, thereupon, adds the reporter™
Mr. Winthrop retired from the Senate. Then
there is nothing on earth before the Senate but a
mere abstract question. There is nobody that
claims a seat. Mr. Rantoul is not her* and Mr.
Winthrop has gone.
Gentlemen are very fond of making precedents
to govern the future. I do not think it a violent
presumption that the future will be as -.veil able to
settle these questions for itself as we will for it.
Besides, it is an admitted axiom in judicial pro-
ceedings that a decision made on a point not before
the court is not authority at all. Well, there is no
point before the Senate, nothing on earth, and the
most that can be made of it is that the Senate of
the United States, having an abundant leisure upon
their hands for the discussion of abstract questions
and no practical business before thorn, amuse
themselves some Saturday afternoon with discuss-
ing a question that has no possible influence upon
any case before them, or likely to be before them.
In the abundance of their own wisdom and fearful
that the race of wise men was running out, the
Senate undertake to set a precedent for posterity.
That is all we are doing, or attempting to do, for
there is really no question before us. There is
nothing to be settled, except gentlemen wish to
amuse themselves by offering an abundance of res-
olutions to govern the Senate hereafter. I hope
the Senate will see the matter in the light in which
it really exists; and, with the hope that the Senate
may look at it in this light, I move to lay ths
whole subject on the table.
Mr. BENTON. Will the gentleman withdraw
the motion for a moment?
Mr. HALE. Certainly.
Mr. BENTON. In common with the whole of
the Senate, I appreciate the feelings of delicacy
which induced the honorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts to make the application which he did.
But I think it would have been better if he had
presented it in a practical form, applicable to
himself alone, and that form would have been
to have raised the question, either he for him-
self or somebody for him, whether he was entitled
to a vote on any proposition. That would have
brought the matter up, and we should have deci-
ded the question, and we should then havedone with
it. Now, 1 have been accustomed to see Senators
who held appointments under the same form that
the Senator from Massachusetts did, sit in their
seats until their successors arrived. And I have
seen them when their successors arrived introduce
them, get up and give them their seat, and go out.
I have seen- that, and I have become accustomed
to it. It corresponds to what I think is due to
every State, what is due to the system of repre-
sentation , that if there be any doubt at all in a
question of this kind, the benefit of that doubt
snould be given to the State. She should have the
benefit of a full representation up to the last mo-
ment. There should be no gap or interval.
The Senator from New Hampshire has present-
ed a very strong view of this case, that we have
got nothing practical before us. We are debating
a rule to govern our successors in time to come.
He thinks it is a misapplication of time, and at a
time when we have no time to spare. That is my
opinion about it; and if I were to take any part
in this debate—if my opinions were worth express-
ing to the Senate on such a point—I should say
that I would prefer to see this whole subject laid
upon the table. I should prefer to see the Senator
from Massachusetts return to his seat in the Sen-
ate, and he himself, or some Senator for him, raise
the question of his rieht when we were about to
vote on some proposition, and decide his right to
vote.
Mr. HALE. I renew the motion to lay the
subject on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
EXPENSES OF THE CATUSE WAR.
On motion by Mr. DOUGLAS, theSeMte pro
ceeded to consider the amendment of the House of
Representatives to the bill of the Senate to pay the
expenses of the Cayuse war, in the Territory of
Oregon, in the year 1847 and 184#.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Although the amendment of
