1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
the House of Representatives is • substitute for
liie entire bill, the only material change is to re-
duce the appropriation from |190,000 to $100,000.
1 raoTS thst the amendment he concurred in.
The amendment of the House was concurred
in.
LIABILITIES OF SHIP OWNERS.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the Senate to take up
the bill regulating the liabilities of ship owners,
it was under consideration a few weeks ago, and
on my motion was laid on the table. I ruovf that
it be taken up.
The motion was not agreed to.
RIGHT or WAT.
On motion by Mr. BALDWIN, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill granting to the New
Haven and New London Railroad Company the
right of way across the custom-house lot in the
citv of New London.
l'lie bill was read a second time, and the Senate
proceed edto consider it as in Committee of the
Who'e.
It provides that the said company shall have
the right of way across the custom-house lot in
New London, Connecticut; the railroad is to be so
located as not to injure any of the property of the
United S*jues; and if the road is not completed
within one year, the company shall not have the
privilege.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
Mr. GWIN". There is a very important nomi-
nation before the Senate lor its action, connected
with an important office in California, and I there-
fore now more that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business.
The motion was not agreed to.
TREASURERS CLERKS IN THE V. S. MINTS.
Mr. SOULE. I move that the Senate take up
the joint resolution introduced by the Committee
on Finance, changing the mode of appointment of
the clerks of the Treasurers of the Mints of the
United States.
Mr. PEARCE. I hope the Senate will adhere
to the orders. There are special orders which have i
been on the table more than a month, one of which
is in mr charge, and I hope the Senate will pro-
ceed with the special orders first.
Mr. BERRIEN. ! concur entirely in the sug-
gestion made by the Senator from Maryland, that
the Senate should give its attention to the special
orders; bat I ?>eg that its attention may be directed .
to another special order than that named by him,
which is a bill for the relief of the captors of the
frigate Philadelphia. It is among the earliest spe- ,
cial orders, and I hope it will engage the attention
of the Senate during the little remnant of this day.
It is the second special order. I submit the mo-
tion that the Senate take up that bill.
The PRES1 DENT. There is a motion pending
made by the Senator from Louisiana.
Mr. BERRIEN. Then I hope my remarks
may stand as being tnade with a view to resist that
motion.
The question was then taken on taking up the
resolution, and it was agreed to.
The resolution was then considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The resolution provides that the Treasurers of
the Mints of the T. nited States shall hereafter have
the power of appointing their own clerks, which
power is now exercised by the Superintendents of
the Mints, the appointments to be made hereafter
being subject to the approval of the Secretary of
the Treasury.
There being no amendment offered, the resolu-
tion was reported to the Senate and ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading.
DONATION OF LAND TO WISCONSIN.
Mr. WALKER. 1 move to take up Senate
bill 297, entitled " A bill granting to the State of :
Wisconsin the right of way, and a donation of
public land, for the purpose of locating and con- .
strocting a railroad from Green Bay to St. Paul."
It is a bill which is local in its effect, and import-
ant to the interests of my State. ,
Mr. BERRIEN. I wish the attention of the
Senate may be directed to the special order*. I
understand that the bill to which I referred is the j
first special order. i.
The PRESIDENT. The first special order is
the bill explanatory of the act relating to bounty
lands.
The motion to take up the bill alluded to by
Mr. Walker was not agreed to.
ORDER OF PROCEEDINGS.
The PRESIDENT. The first special order is
the joint resolution explanatory of the act of Sep-
tember 528, 1850, entitled " An act granting bounty
land to certain officers and soldiers who have been
engaged in the military service of the United
States."
Mr. YULEE. I would suggest that there may
be some mistake. I observe that in the printed
calendar the bill named by the Senator from Geor-
gia is the first special order.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair finds that the
joint resolution referred to has lost its preference,
although it was first on the file of the Senate, the
adjournment not being made at the time it was up
for consideration. Therefore, the bill for the relief
of the captors of the frigate Philadelphia is the first
to be considered.
Mr. TURNEY. I move then to postpone the
special order with a view to take up the joint reso-
lution which has lost its place.
The PRESIDENT. That resolution has lost
its place, as it was not taken up the next day.
Mr. TTJRNEY. I move then to postpone the
consideration of the bill for the relief of the captors
of the frigate Philadelphia with p view to take up
other orders.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will read the
rule on this subject. It is the fifteenth rule of the
Senate:
" The unfinished business Id whicb the Senate «u en-
gaged at the last preceding adjournment shall have the pref-
erence in tbe special orders of tbe day."
This resolution has therefore lost its priority.
The Senator from Tennessee mores to post-
pone the consideration of the bill for the relief of
the captors of the frigate Philadelphia.
Mr. WALKER. I do hope that will not ft
done. I made a motion to postpone the special
orders and it was refused, on the ground that we t
should proceed with the special orders as they !
stand,and 1 hope we will approach them and con- |
aider them as they stand. If we are to go by the
special orders, this is the only rational mode of
lost on the question of ordering its engrossment,
by the following vote:
YEAS—Maura. Badger, Baldwin, Berrien, Clarke,
Cooper, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson, Houston, King,
Manjnnn, Morton, Phelps, Seward, Smith. Upham, Wales,
andYulee—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Norland, Biadbujy, Bright, Chase,
Davis of Massachusetts, DodgS of laws, Douglas, Ewtng,
Hale, Hamlin, Jones, Mason, Norrls, Pearee, Spruanee,
Turney, Underwood, Walker, and Wtiltcomb—19.
The Senate then adjourned.
Mr. BERRIEN. The Senate will perceive how
much time is lost by the discussion of the question
as to taking up different bills. I think we shall
save time by adhering to the orders. 1 hope, there-
fore, the motion of the Senator from Tennessee
will not prevail.
Mr. TURNEY. When the Senate refused to ;
postpone the special orders on the motion of the
Senator from Wisconsin, it was done with a view
to proceed with the consideration of the joint reso-
lution in its order, the same as if it had not lost
its place, as it was lost by aeeident. It is only to >
place it where in justice it ought to stand, that it
may not suffer in consequence of the question
which occurred yesterday. I hope the Senate will >
give it its proper place. 1
Mr. WALKER. That joint resolution has
cheated half a dozen others out of their places.
There are special orders which were made at the
last session, and if this is displaced, there i  no un-
fairness in it.
The question was then taken on postponing the
consideration of the bill for the relief of the captors
of the frigate Philadelphia, and a division being i
called for, there were—ayes 18, noes 13.
The PRESI DENT. There is no quorum voting.
Mr. SEWARD. I more that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. HALE. There is no quorum, and I move
that the Senate adjourn.
The motion to adjourn Was not agreed to.
The question was again taken on postponing
the special order, which, on a division, was not ''
agreed to—ayes 17, noes 19.
CAPTORS OF THE FRIGATE PHILADELPHIA, j
The Senate accordingly proceeded to the con- .
sideration, as in Committee of the Whole, of the j
bill for tie relief of the captors of the frigate j,
Philadelphia. |1
This bill gave rise tc a longdebata, which will j j
be found in the Appendix. The result was, thatI
hte bill, aftar undergoing some amendment, was I
HOPSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, Ftbrumry 10,1851.
The House met at twelve o 'clock. The Journal
of Saturday was read and approved.
Mr. BAYLY obtained tne floor, but yielileil
it to—
Mr. HOWARD, who asked the unanimous
consent of the House to offer the following reso-
lution:
RetoUtti, That the Clerk of the House ha directed to
settle the account of David 8. Ksuftnan, deceased, late a
member of this House, allowing his per diem until the end
of the session, and pay the balance due to his widow; and
that the Speaker of the House be and he is hereby Author-
ised to pay the account due the said deceased at tbe data
of his death, to his said widow.
Mr. H. stated that the resolution was precisely
the same as two resolutions that were passed at
the last session of Congress on similar occasions.
Mr. JONES objected.
Mr. HOWARDmoved to suspend the rules, to
enable him to introduce the resolution -
The question on the suspension of the rules be-
ing taken; it was decided in the affirmative.
So the rules were suspended.
And the question being taken, the rtaolutioa
was agreed to.
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. BAYLY asked the unanimous consent of*
the House to report, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, sundry of the general appropriation
bills.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, objected, for
the reason, that the committees generally should
be called for reports.
Mr. BAYLY moved to suspend the rules to en-
able him to report the bills.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, inquired whether
it was the object of the gentleman from Virginia,
in moving the suspension of the rules, and wheth-
er he could, in fact, under that suspension, move
to make those bills the special order?
The SPEAKER said, the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Bayly] could not, if the rules were
suspended under tne motion now submitted, pro-
pose to make the bills special orders of the day.
The suspension would enable him merely to re-
port the trills.
The question was then taken on Mr. Bayly's
motion, and it was decided in the affirmative.
So the rules were suspended.
Mr. BAYLY then, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported the following bills,
which were severally read a first and second time
by their titles, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed, viz:
A bill making appropriation for the erection of
certain fortifications of the United States for the
year ending the 30th June, 1852.
A bill to pay for carrying into execution, in
further part, tne 12th article of the treaty with
Mexico, concluded at Guadalupe Hidalgo; and
A bill making appropriation for the civil and
diplomatic expenses of Government for the fiscal
year ending 30th June, 1852, and for other pur-
poses.
Mr. BAYLY asked the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a resolution making the
appropriation bills the special order for to-morrow,
and from day to day until disposed of.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, objected.
Mr. BAYLY moved to suspend the rules.
Mr. HALL appealed to the gentleman from
Virginia to except the fortification appropriation
bill from his motion, as otherwise he (Mr. H.)
would be compelled to vote against the motion ta
suspend.
Mr. McMULLEN inquired of the Chair if the
motion was divisible?
The SPEAKER said that a motion to susnend
the rules was clearly not divisible.
Mr. JONES asked if it was in order to except
