480
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 9.
the fortification appropriation bill from the nio-
t ion r
The SPEAKER replied, that after the resolu-
tion w is before the House it would then be open
: > n.iieiKimeiit.
Mr JONES said, that if that bill was included
in the resolution, he should be commpelled to vote
against it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, asked if it would
be in order to move to insert the river and harbor
bill ?
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair,
a resolution making a special order cannot be
amended by adding another bill. The rules must
be suspended in reference to the bills included in
the resolution, the House voting on that suspen-
sion with a knowledge of the bills intended to be
included.
Mr. JOHNSON inquired whether, if these bills
were made the special order, they would not cut
off all the other business on the calendar in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
till disposed of?
The SPEAKER stated that till disposed of, the
appropriation bills, under this order, would take
precedence of all other business.
Mr. McCLERNAND wished to know from
thegentleman fromVirginia, [Mr. Batlt ,] whether
in making these bills the special order, he pro-
posed to interfere with the morning hour?
Mr. BAYLY, in reply, said that he certainly
did not.
Mr. McDONALD inquired of the Chair wheth-
er, if the rules were suspended, the resolution
would be amendable?
The SPEAKER stated that it would be amend-
able, so far as to strike out any of the bills em-
braced in it.
Mr. WENTWORTH called for the yeas and
nays on the motion to suspend the rules; and they
were ordered.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, asked if the gen-
tleman from Virginia had indicated the bills which
he desired to make the special order
The SPEAKER said that they had been indi-
cated.
Mr. BROWN asked that they might be read,
as his vote would depend upon what bills were
included in the motion.
The SPEAKER read over the list of general
appropriation bills, in the order in which they are !
proposed to be made special orders, as follows: j
A bill making appropriation for the support of the Mili- '
ttry Academy for the year ending 30th June, 1853;
A bill making appropriation fbr the payment of revolu-
tionary and other pensions of the United States for tile year !
ending 30th June, 1853;
A bill marine appropriation for the payment of naval
pension* for the year ending 30tb June, 185-2;
A bill making appropriation for the current and contin-
gent expenses of the Indian Department, for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with the namerous Indian tribes, for the year
en lime SOtti June, 1853 ;
A bill making appropriation for the service of the Post
Office Department for the fiscal year ending 30th June,
185-2;
A bill making appropriation for the erection of certain
fortifications for the year ending 30th June, 1852;
A bill to pay for carrying into execution, in further part,
the l-2th article of the treaty with Mexico, concluded at
Guadalupe Hidalgo; and
A bill making appropriation for the civil and diplomatic
expanses of the Government for the fiscal year ending 30th
Jane, 185-2, and for other purposes.
Mr. FOWLER inquired of the Chair whether,
tf these bills were made the special order, it would
be in order to take up anything else until they
were disposed of?
The SPEAKER said that he had repeatedly
answered the same inquiry this morning, that
special orders take precedence of all other busi-
ness. Were it otherwise, there would be no use
in miking special orders.
Mr. VAN DYKE asked if, in consequence of
their being special orders, the House must neces-
sarily go into Committee of the Whole and take
them up?
The SPEAKER replied in the negative.
Mr McDONALD wished to make an inquiry
of the Chair.
The SPEAKER said that the Chair must arrest
these inquiries. They were out of order, and the
business of the House could not be proceeded
with.
Mr. McDONALD said that he wished to make
but one inquiry of the Chair, upon the answer to
which the votes of some members around him
would depend.
The SPEAKER said that the gentleman could
make his inquiry.
Mr. McDONALD wished to know whether, if
this motion was agreed to, it would supersede any
special orders now pending?
The SPEAKER replied that it would not inter-
fere with any of the special orders, so far as the
Chair could recollect.
The question was then taken on the motion to
suspend the rules, and it was decided in the nega- [
tive—yeas 91, nays 93—as follows: !
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Averett, Bayly, Boeock,
Briggs, Urisbin, Brooks, William J. Brown, Burrows, Burt,
George A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Cartter, Casey, <
Cole, Daniel, Danner, Deberry, Dimmick, Gduiundson,
Alexander Evans, Ewing, Featherston, Freedley, Gentry,
Goodenow, Hamilton, Hammond, Hayniond, Hebard,
Henry, Hibbard, Hilliard, Hoagland, Holladay, Holmes,
Hunter, Inge, Joseph YV. Jackson, George G. King, James
G. King, John A. King, Littlefield, Horace Mann, Job
Mann, Mason, MrClernand, McDonald, McDowell, Mc-
Kissock, McLanahan, McMullen, McQueen, McWillie,
Meacham, Daniel F. Miller, Millson, Moore, Morrison,
Morton, Nelson, Olds, Orr, Otis, Owen, Parker, Peaslee,
Peck, Phelps, Potter, Richardson, Robbins, Rockwell,
Sawtelle, Seddon, Silvester, Thaddeus Stevens, Jacob
Thompson, Jas. Thompson, Toomb.-S Under hill, Van Dyke,
Vinton, Waldo, Wallace, Watkins, Wellborn, Whittlesey,
and Williams—91.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Allen, Andrews,
A-he, Bell, Bennett, Bingham, Booth, Bowie, Bowlin,
Boyd, Breck, Albert G. Brown, Buel, Butler, Joseph Cable,
Calvin, Campbell, Cartter, Clarke, Clingman, Williamson
R. W. Cobb, Colcock, Conger, Corwin, Crowell, Disney,
Doty, Dunham, Durkee, Eliot, Nathan Evans, Fitch, Fow-
ler, Fuller, Giddings, Gilbert, Gott, Gould, Grinnell, Hall,
Haralson, Harlan, isham G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris,
Hay, Howe, William T. Jackson, Andrew Johnson, James
L. Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Jones, Julian, Kerr, La
Sire Lelfler, Levin, Matteson, McGaughey, Robert M.
McLane, F. E. McLean, J. K. Miller, Morris, Morse, Ogle,
Outlaw, Penn, Phoenix, Pitman, Reed, Reynolds, Risley, '
Robinson, Root, Rose, Roes, Rumsey, Sackett, Schenck,
Scbermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Spaulding, Sprague, Stanly, :
Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Stetson, Sweet-
ser, Taylor, Thomas, Thurman, Venable, Walden, Went-
worth, White, Wildrick, and Wilmot—92.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative) the
House refused to suspend the rules. j
• BOARD OF ACCOUNTS.
Mr. INGE moved that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, on the
special order.
Mr. I. said that the present condition of the
public business made it necessary to proceed to
the dispatch of the special orders that had already i
been made, and he hoped that the time of the
Mouse would not be taken up with frivolous mo-
tions to suspend the rules.
Mr. EVANS wished to submit a motion to the
House.
The SPEAKER said that a motion to suspend
the rules took precedence. _ j
The question being taken on the motion to sus-
pend the rules, it was agreed to. j
The House accordingly resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. McLane, of Maryland, in the chair,) on the
special order, the bill for the establishment of a
Board of Accounts.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the pending mo-
tion before the committee was the amendment of
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Taylor] to strike
out $3,500 and insert $4,500.
The question was taken on this amendment,
and it was decided in the negative.
So the amendment was lost.
The question then recurred upon the amend
ment of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Nelson] to strike out " $4,000" and insert
" $3,500;" and being put, it was decided in the
affirmative—ayes 72, noes 45.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question then recurred on the following
amendment of the Committee of Claims: "To
insert after the words " shall be removable by
the President" the words " for official miscon-
duct."
The question was put, and the amendment was
agreed to.
The question then recurred on the amendment
of the Committee of Claims, in the thirteenth line,
to strike out the word " twelve" and insert the
word " six," so that the final appointments under
the bill, after the first three terms, shall be for six
years, unless they are made to fill vacancies occa-
sioned by death or resignation.
The question was taken on the amendment, and
it was agreed to.
The question then recurred on the amendment
reported by the Committee of Claims, to insert
after the word " cases" the words " when unani-
mous," so that it will read, "and their decision
upon all such cases, when unanimous, shall be final
and conclusive."
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment pro-
posed by the Committee of Claims, to strike from
the first resolution the following words:
"It shall also be the duty of the said hoard to examine
quarterly the public accounts in the several Executive De-
partments of the Government, and in the Patent Office, and
make report as to the condition of these accounts, orot' any
errors which may have been detected, either as to the state-
ment of amounts, or the method 111 which they are kept.
These reports shall be made annually to Congress, and quar-
terly to the President of the United States.''
Mr. FITCH inquired if he could propose an
amendment to that part of that section not amended
by the amendment of the committee?
The CHAIRMAN would state that it was in
the power of the gentleman from Indiana to pro-
pose an amendment, which the Chair would en-
tertain.
Mr. PITCH moved to amend the seventeenth
and eighteenth lines of the House bill, as follows:
" Strike out in the seventeenth line the word ' pending,'
and insert the words, 'decided against;' and in the eigh-
teenth line, after 'regulation,' insert the words, 'which
< such Department may report to the board as claims which
may be equitably due.' "
The CHAIRMAN stated to the gentleman from
Indiana that the bill under consideration was not
the House bill; it was a Senate bill. It was in the
power of the gentleman from Indiana to move an
amendment to any part of the first section, before
the vote was taken on the pending amendment.
Mr. BRECK moved to amend the first section
of the bill by striking out from the sixteenth to the
i twenty-second lines inclusive, as follows:
"It shall be the duty ofthia board to hear and determine all
cases pending in any Department which may have arisen out
of any law or positive regulation which may be referred to
such board by the head of such Department, and all cases
which may be referred by Congress to the determination of
said board, and their decision upon all such cases, when
unanimous, shall be final and conclusive."
The CHAIRMAN stated that such an amend-
ment was not in order.
The Clerk then reported the amendment of
the Committee of Claims, to strike out from the
twenty-second to the thirtieth lines, commencing
with the word " It," as reported above.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. FITCH moved to amend the first section
by striking out in the seventeenth line the word
1 "pending," and insert "decided against;" and
in the eighteenth line to insert, after the word
" regulation," the words " which such Depart-
ment may report to the board as claims which
may be equitably due."
Mr. FITCH said: As the bill now reads, its pro-
visions throw the responsibility of investigating
all claims entirely upon the board although they
may be directly in conformity with existing laws
which legally and properly appertain to the De-
partments. The object, of my amendment is to
admit only such claims being referred to this board
as are decided against by the Departments, not
because they are not equitable, but because they
are not legally due. With regard to the second
amendment which I propose to the first section, it
will be seen that it necessarily follows the first.
It is to permit the Departments to submit to the
Board of Claims only such cases as in their esti-
mation may be equitably due, but which cannot
be granted under existing laws and regulations,
by which laws and regulations the Departments
are strictly bound to decide.
If we permit the Departments to throw all'
" pending " cases upon this board, they will be at
once able to rid themselves of the trouble of inves-
tigating or deciding any cases that now come be-
fore them.
Mr. VINTON said: I know no reason, Mr.
Chairman, why claims decided against as proposed
by the gentleman from Indiana, should be sent to
this board; but I can understand why certain claims
that are pending should be referred to the board
for decision. Cases of claims may arise before the
Departments in which the Departments cannot get
the facts, for it will be remembered, that the De-
! partments decide every case, for the most part,
[ precisely as we do in this House, on ex parte tes-
