482
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 8,
people generally hate confidence, and with their
decisions the country is generally satisfied. The
position in which they are placed, and the means
and opportunities which the advocates of the re-
spective parties possess to expose any attempt to he
partial or unjust, render it far more difficult for
them to practice fraud, even if they were so dis-
posed, without the fear of immediate exposure,
than it is for men in other departments of the Gov-
ernment.
Who, air, that has a just claim would not rather
submit its decision to three men, competent for the
station, than to submit it to the decision of this
House ? While we may be as much disposed to
do justice, we do not, nor can we have the same
means of information necessary to a correct decis-
ion. And the very fact, sir, that the information
which we obtain relative to these claims is neces-
sarily limited, leads us, I fear, in many cases to
the commission of great injustice—injustice to
honest claimants by refusing them relief, and in-
justice to the Government by granting relief where
it ought not to be granted. The fact that the Gov-
ernment has no one to look up the evidence for
her, gives the claimant who is the most adroit, in-
dustrious, and unscrupulous in preparing and pre-
senting the claim, ana who is most able to incur
the expense of employing agents and procuring
evidence, the best chance of success, without much
regard to the character of the claim.
I fear, sir, that the poor without friends, and
without money, and whose claims are generally
small, and I may add, full as apt to be just, stand
but a poor chance in competing before this court
with men of wealth and influence. Not so, sir,
before this board: there will be the evidence on
both sides, there will be the advocate of the Gov-
ernment, and the claimant; and he who, under
such circumstances, does any very great injustice
to either party, must be a man who is fatally bent
on mischief, and will be held up to his country as
another Jeffreys. He cannot say, as members
here may well, "I didn't know anything about the
matter. He cannot excuse himself or palliate
his crime by saying, "Well, such a man or such
a member said it was just, or it was unjust, and I
relied on his his judgment." He wiU have to
rely upon his own judgment, formed upon a full
knowledge of all the facts, and for that judgment
he will be held responsible, and that responsibility
will deter him from any very gross violation of
justice.
But, it is said we now pay more than we ought
to these claimants. That is not the question. The
question is, how can we best ascertain what we
ought to pay ? Again: it is objected, that after all
that may be done by this board, Congress will
not thereby be relieved; that the same amount
of time will be consumed in passing upon the
reports that may be made by them. This, in
my judgment, will not be the case. Constitute
a board of such men as the people and Con-
gress have confidence in, and in my opinion nine
tenths of the time we now consume in the consid-
eration of these claims will be saved. We shall
have before us the evidence on both sides in a
condensed form; upon it we can readily, aided as
we shall be by the reasoning of the commissioners,
come to a conclusion. In my judgment, sir, the
greatest objection to this board is the fear that
they will not do injustice; and I doubt whether you
can find one of these blood-hounds—who make a
business of frowning down members of Congress,
who is not opposed to the organization of this
board. They want no tribunal organized to elicit
the truth and to administer justice; they rely upon a
suppression of everything that makes against them;
and the less time and opportunity that is given for
the examination of their claims the better for them,
hoping that by a presentation in its most favorable
li nt of one side of the case, and by limitating
the opportunities for a careful examination, that
they may succeed in carrying out their nefarious
system of plunder upon the Treasury. That
the bill now under consideration is perfect, I will
not pretend, indeed, it is not such a one in many
respects as I would have preferred, and I hope j
to see it improved before it passes, if it should pass.
I would increase the salaries of the commissioners,
so as to command the services of men of unques-
tioned ability and integrity. I would limit the ex-
istence ofthe board to four years: if then it is found
to work well, it can be continued, and if if does
n>t, let it cease to exist. I would not, as proposed
in the bill, refer to its decision cases pending in t
the Departments, and thereby enable the heads of
the Departments to shift the labor and responsi-
bility which they ought to perform and incur,
upon the board. I would make the decision of the
board final in all cases where the amount claimed
did not exceed $2,000. These alterations I would
like to see made, but if they cannot be, I will vote
I for the bill as it is, for I regard the organization of 1
! this board as vitally important, not only to the
claimants, but to the people generally. It will, in
my judgment, be the means of saving annually
many thousands of dollars of the people's money,
that is now squandered in the payment of unjust ,
claims, and paying us for our time in the consid-
( eration of these claims, when we ought to be en-
i gaged in the consideration of subjects moredirectly |
., affecting the people at large. And if there ever was
;. a time when we ought to practice economy, it is 1
i now. An empty Treasury, a public debt of over i
$80,000,000, with a proposition to give away the
1 public domain, should warn us to beware how we ,
,heedlessly squander the public treasures, unless,
* indeed, we adopt the heresy that we must have a
I vast public debt to strengthen the bonds of our
Union, which heresy I trust but few will adopt;
for, sir, I fear if we are bound together by no
dearer, no stronger ties than those created by the
existence of a public debt, that it will soon .
weigh us down, and blast our fond hopes for the i
future.
Mr. VENABLE. I think that the limitation |
of $2,000 is too large. I would not be willing to i
II grant such a control of the Treasury from our pos-
session. The great necessity of some measure i
reforming the abuses and removing the evils of the
present practice, is to furnish the House with a
statement and facts upon which a decision may
be made understandingly. The history of this
whole subject proves conclusively that the present
plan is a failure, because the House have no con-
fidence in the reports of their own committees.
My colleague but the other day, in reply to my
remarks complaining of the tardiness in the admin-
istration of justice, said that most of the claims
here ought to be objected to, because they were
groundless. He did not seem to perceive that he
furnished the most unanswerable argument against
the present mode of deciding on claims. How
came those numerous cases of fraudulent and
groundless claims on the calendar? By the favor-
, able reports of committees of this House. How
■ came those reports to be made favorably to such 1
1 unrighteous claims? Were the committees incom-
petent, corrupt, careless, or indolent? If so, the '
court is certainly a failure where a majority of
the cases prepared and reported by confederated
members of their own organization are fraudulent
or groundless. Surely no better evidence of the
imperious necessity of abandoning such a tribunal
can be adduced. If a claim passed here a few days
since, in favor of the heirs of a revolutionary om-
i cer, was groundless, it only proves that this Con-
gress is an unsuitable court for such causes.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Gorman]
evidently alluded to that case in his remarks. Per-
haps the case was improperly decided, and the
' • claim allowed without sufficient grounds. If this
i be so, it is but another argument for a different :
and better organization. I am not in favor ofi
creating a board with legislative powers. I prefer 1
the courts now constituted, and am unwilling to
. part with the control of Congress over their decis-
\ ions. ;
Mr. VINTON moved to amend the amendment
' by adding the words: " Except in cases which
have been referred to them by the heads of the 1
Departments."
Mr. V. said: Mr. Chairman, I am in favor of
, the amendment which proposes a limitation of
#2,000 in those cases where the claim is referred
to the board by Congress for examination. But
in cases where the head of a Department has
jurisdiction; where the Department has author-
1 rity to pay the claim; cases which they have
! decided according to the rules and regulations
existing laws,—it seems to me to be perfectly
i idle to refer these cases to this board, when
the Departments themselves have decided, in ac-
cordance with the existing laws, to pay it. It is,
. in fact, declaring that no case may be sent to the
board above $3,000. Now, I think that only those
cases which are important, and which, by reason i
of their difficulty, thp Secretary has not time to '*
examine, the Departments can properly refer to
this board.
As to cases sent by Congress to this board for
its investigation and its decision, I think a limita-
tion should be made of from #2,000 to $4,000.
I make this motion, sir, for the purpose of
amending this proposition; and after it is amended
I shall vote against the whole proposition.
This proposition, as I understand it, is to the
cases in which the decision of this board shall be
final and conclusive to claims which do not exceed
$2,000. If the amount exceeds §2,000, it is not
to be paid unless by a special act of Congress. I
move to strike out the words " except those cases
which are referred to this board by a head of a
Department."
The question was then taken on the amendment
i of Mr. Vintov, and it was rejected.
I Mr. DUER asked if it was in order to move to
I strike out a part of the matter proposed to be in-
, serted in the original section ?
The CHAIRMAN said it was not in order
pending the amendment of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Brkbin.]
Mr. DUER. I move to strike out the words
" and their decision shall be final."
The CHAIRMAN said the motion of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Brisbik] was the
pending amendment, and must first be disposed
; of.
| Mr. DUER asked if his amendment would be
in order after the* pending amendment was dis-
I posed of?
> The CHAIRMAN said the gentleman's amend-
| ment would then be in order.
The question was then taken on Mr. Brisbin's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. DUER. I now propose to strike out after
the word " board," in the twenty-first line of first
section, the words "and their decision on all such
cases, when unanimous, shall be final and conclu-
sive."
Mr. D. said: It appears to me that when we
undertake to make the decisions of this board
final and conclusive, we undertake to do something
we have no right to do. Congress may receive
these petitions and decide upon them, and appro-
priate money for their adjustment, but it is a
constitutional right and discretion which belongs
exclusively to Congress; and if we had the dispo-
sition, we could have no power to delegate to this
board such an unlimited control over the public.
Treasury as this bill proposes to give to this
board. We must confine them to cases of law
and equity, and I have no doubt that Congress
will in nearly all cases consider their decisions
binding, and appropriate money for the payment
of such claims as in the judgment of the board
are established upon principles of law and equity.
But we must leave to Congress the discretion of
reversingthe decisions of the board if it shall see
cause. We ought to have too much respect for
ourselves, for the Government, as well as the
claimant himself, to place in the hands of a Board
of Accounts the discretionary power of paying all
the claims presented here, which, if they were to
be allowed, would probably bankrupt the Govern-
ment. If we are to have a Board of Accounts,
let us have one which shall only decide cases
which come under the rules of law and equity, and
not take away the right of decision by Congress.
Mr. McLEAN, of Kentucky, in opposition to
the amendment, said: Mr. Chairman, it is very
manifest, that as far as Congress is concerned, the
action of the board must be final. What is the
meaning of the law, now, in reference to this De-
partment? As far as the Department is concerned,
the case is concluded; hence the law proposes
that such cases as are referred to the board by the
head of a Department shall be final only when
they are decided upon such principles as control
the Department itself. It is the same power which
now applies to the Department, that when they
decide upon a case their decision shall be made
according to principles of law and equity. When
petitions are presented to Congress for the pay-
ment of claims, Congress decides upon those peti-
tions on certain principles of justice to the claim-
ant, and after examining the facts bearing upon the
case, it is decided in accordance with those princi-
ples. Now, this law proposes to refer these cases
to this Board of Accounts; and that, after ascer-
taining the facts connected with the cases referred
to it by Congress, its decision shall be final and
