1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
487
Indiana has offered that amendment. I think it
about the best motion that has been made. I want
to see this Congress, after having passed the bills
called "the compromise," last session,agree to
this amendment. And, air, though I cannot Tote
for it 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must call the
honorable member to order. The Chair would
remind the gentleman, that to be in order, his
remarks must be in opposition to the amendment.
[Laughter,]
Mr. RICHARDSON. I call the gentleman
from South Carolina to order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has already
called the gentleman to order. The gentleman
from Illinois will state his point of otder.
Mr. RICHARDSON. My point of order is,
that the gentleman is advocating the amendment
proposed bv the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
JrLiAK.l [Laughter.1
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has already
called the gentleman to order. The gentleman
from South Carolina can proceed in order.
Mr. HOLMES. I am in opposition to this
amendment. But I want to know whether I can-;
not be in opposition to the amendment and yet '
wish it to pass ? [Great laughter.] It is not the '
first time that we have seen such a thing upon this
floor. I made a speech the other day and then
voted on the other side. [Roars of laughter.]
Last session, too, I was compelled to vote for the
fugitive slave bill, and yet I wish to God it had
not passed. [Renewed laughter.]
ITie CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from South
Carolina must confine his remarks to the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Indiana. >
Mr. HOLMES. I am illustrating a principle.
[Much laughter.] Mr. Chairman, this amend-
ment proposes to exclude from the determination
of this tribunal all claims for slaves. Now, sir,
that I am opposed to that in reality nobody can
doubt, because my opinion is that the largest and
most equitable class of claims against this Govern-
ment is for slaves that they have defrauded us out
of by not passing laws to give us back our fugi-
tives long ago. But look at the principle which
the gentleman advances. That principle is, that 1
slaves are not property. Sir, if they are not prop- i
ertv, then this Congress at its last session, not
with the sanction of the gentleman from Indiana, l
[Mr. Julian,] but by a vast majority, actually ■
violated the Constitution in giving us the right of
reclamation. We have the right of reclamation
by the fugitive slave law, in spite of that gentle- .
man and his coadjutors, and I want to know ,
whether this Congress dare vote to exclude claims
for this species of property from the consideration
. of this bond. After you have recognized it in ,
your claim against Great Britain for staves carried '
away during the war of 1812, in the Enterprise
and Aufwmon, vessels that were taken into one
of the Weft India Islands, I ask can this Con- '
gress dare 
[Hsre the Chairman's hammer fell.]
Mr. TAYLOR inquired where the amendment
of the gentleman from Indiana was to come in ?
The CHAIRMAN said that it was to come in
at the end of the section.
Mr. PHELPS called for tellers on the amend-
ment.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Venable and
Fowler were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 10, noes 117.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BRECK said if it was in order, he would
now move to amend the amendment of the gentle-
man from Indiana, by striking out the first section,
and inserting in lieu thereof the first, second, and
third sections of the bill reported by the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, as follows:
That a board for the settlement of claims against the Uni-
ted States be, and the tame ia hereby, constituted and es-
tablished, to consist of three commissioners, to be appointed
by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, who shall bold flieir offices en til the time appointed
for the expiation of this act. The said commissionen shall
severally take an oath before a judge of the circuit court of
the United States for the District of Colombia, faithfully and
impartially to execute the duties of his office to the best of
his judgment and ability; and each commissioner shall re-
ceive a compensation of three thousand five hundred dollars
per annum, to be paid quarterly from the Treasury of the i
United States.
Bsc. 2. Jni 11 it fwrlktr maettd, That claims against
tha United Stats* shall, as bamofore, be presented to and i
' settled by the proper accounting officers J and said board
shall take cognizance of no claim which should properly be
settled by such officers.
Bar. 3. .ftui bt it JwriKer etwdef, That all petitions
pend ing before Congress when this act tnkvs effect, or which
shall hereafter be presented, asking relief front Congress on
account of any claim against the Government of the United
States uhall, as soon as the same have been presented to
I either House of Congress, be referred to th # said board of com-
missioners; and the Clerks of both Houses shall, immeili-
! ately, transmit to said board the petition and papers in each
ease; and if, during the recess of Congress, any person or
corporation, shall desire to prefer any such petition to Con-
gress, such person or corporation shall be allowed to file
his petition with the Secretary of the Senate or Clerk of the
House of Representatives; and when so tiled, the same
course shall be pursued as if the said petition had been reg-
ularly presented during the session of Congress: and all
petitions so filed shall, after the same shall have been duly
registered, be by the said Secretary and Clerk transinitteif,
together with the accompanying papers, to said Board of
Commissioners.
Mr. GORMAN rose to & point of order. His
point of order was, that the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Indiana was to strike out the first sec-
tion and insert; the gentleman from Kentucky,
therefore, proposed to strike out what had not been
! inserted.
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of order,
and stated that the gentleman from Indiana had
submitted an amendment to strike out, but that it
would not be pending until the matter proposed to
, be stricken out had been perfected.
Mr. GORMAN thought that the Chair had not
' touched his point of order. The gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. McDonald] had moved to strike
out and insert, and the proposition of the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Breck] was to insert,
instead of that proposed by the gentleman from
. Indiana.
The CHAIRMAN again overruled the point of
order. The amendment of the gentleman from
Indiana on his right [Mr. McDonald] was an
amendment in the second degree; but the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Kentucky was an
amendment in the third degree.
Mr. BRECK said: I desire to ask what is it—
what evil is it we are endeavoring to remedy ? Is
it not the delay of justice in this House, in regard
! to the claims which are constantly being presented
here? We do not want to correct any evil in any
, qf the executive bureaus of Government. The
measure that we are discussing enables the De-
II partments to throw before the proposed Board of
•, Claims all controverted cases that the heads of the
< various Departments think proper thus to refer.
If the head of a Department wishes to relieve him-
, self of a knotty case, a very responsible case, he
, will immediately refer it to this Board of Claims;
and there will be no end to the mass of cases that
, will thus be referred to the board for its decision.
Perhaps a case may have been for a year under
the consideration of a Department before it is re-
: ferred to the board, and time of course is consumed
before the board itself can investigate into all the
evidence, and report to this House. In my opin-
ion you thus get really further from the remedy
than at the commencement. Sir, I think that the
■ Departments will be able to transact their busi-
ness, and it is not from fear that they will not
' that the creation of such a tribunal is required.
Let us, however, relieve the evil under which we
do suffer; let us try the experiment. It is a cry-
ing evil that these pecuniary claims against Gov-
ernment should be decided by this House, for it is
notable to investigate them properly, and although
much time is lost, little in the way of settlement is
effected. When a claim is passed here it is made
to override everything, is pushed through, and few
of the members on this floor know anything about
the merits of the case. There are now, to my
certain knowledge, good, valid, and substantial
cases that have been presented for upwards of
twenty years, upon which at one time or the
other, both the Senate and the House of Repre-
sentatives have reported favorably. The two
Houses of Congress are like two laiy horses; one
lies back, while the other pulls, and vice vena.
We rarely get a bill from the Senate through the
House, although it may have passed the House
before. Perhaps when it comes from the Senate,
we have not time to consider it, and so it slumbers
for years. Then it is revived and sent back to
the Senate, and now they fail to carry it.
The great difficulty in all these cases is in regard
to the jurisdiction of the tribunal. The amend-
ment I propose gives the tribunal jurisdiction alone,
in such oases as Congress may refsr to It. It is
then required to report its decisions and the rea-
sons for it to this House 
She Chairman's hammer fell.]
r. McGAUGHEY said we have heard a
great deal said about this " crying evil," which it
is necessary for us to remedy. There is another
" crying evii," which has not been mentioned
here. It arises from the fact that every man who
has a seat upon this floor seems to think that ha
understands every subject that comes before the
House, and that none of his fellow-members know
anything about it, and hence that it is necessary
for him to enlighten his fellow-members upon the
subject, and this eteriuU speech-making, which
i delays the business of this House, is the result.
The CHAIRMAN stated the question to be
upon the amendment proposed by the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Breck] to the amendment of
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. McDonald] to
the first section of the bill.
' Mr. EWING called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Breck and
Ewinc were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers reported
—ayes 70, noes 59.
So the amendment of Mr. Breck to the substi-
1 tute of Mr. McDonald was agreed to.
The question recurred upon the adoption of the
, substitute as amended.
Mr. HOUSTON offered the following as an
amendment to the amendment of the gentleman
1 from Kentucky, to come in as a proviso at the end
of the third section:
Proaitd, That nothing in this section contained shall
authorize a reference to the said board of the French spolia-
tion claims, or the Clerk of either House to transmit the
petitions and papers in these cases to said board.
Mr. H. explained that if the proposition of the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Breck] should
prevail and beeome a law, all claims now pending
before *the House would be referred to the pro-
posed board, and the Clerks of the two Houses
t would be required to refer the petitions and papers
in all cases of claims to that board. The ob-
ject of the amendment was to exclude that class
of claims commonly known as French spoliation
claims from the operation of this bill.
The question was taken, and the amendment
j was not agreed to.
Mr. MARSHALL inquired what was the prop-
osition now pending ?
j The CHAIRMAN stated that the committee
had adopted the amendment of the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Breck] to the amendment of
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. McDonald] to
, the first section of the bill. The question now
pending was on agreeing to the substitute for the
i first section as amended.
Mr. DUER proposed the same amendment to
the amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky
i as he had before proposed to the original bill, viz:
11 And the said board, in all their decisions shall be gov-
erned by the established principles of law and of equity/1
The CHAIRMAN put the question, and an-
nounced that the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, asked for
a division, and wished to make a remark in op-
position to the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN said that it was too late.
Mr. THOMPSON stated that he had asked for
' a division before the Chair had announced the re-
sult of the vote.
The CHAIRMAN stated that he had not heard
the gentleman, but that the .gentleman might pro-
ceed with his remarks and the Chair would put
the question again.
Mr. THOMPSON said that hi merely wished to
explain that this amendment was entirely unneces-
sary, as the board proposed to be established by
this amendment 
Mr. DUER here rose to a point of order. He
understood that his amendment had been already
adopted, and it was not therefore in order to dis-
cuss it.
The CHAIRMAN stud that he understood that
the gentleman from Pennsylvania had asked for
a division before the result of the vote was an-
nounced.
Mr. DUER said that at any rate the Chair had
put the question to the committee* and had an-
nounced that the amendment was carried.
Mr. THOMPSON merely wished to state that
the board proposed to be established by this
i amendment was only to inquire into and investi-
