490
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 10,
sary in the prosecution of the duties assigned by this act.
Paid board shall appoint a chief clerk, whose salary shall
be *1,800 per annum, and messenger at a salary of ,$500, to >
be paid quarterly at the Treasury. The said clerk shall be
under the direction of said board in the performance of his !
duties, and lor misconduct or incapacity may be removed
from office by it; but, when so removed, said board shall '
make report thereof, with the cause of such removal, to 1
Congress if in session, or at the next session of Congress.
Said clerk shall take an oath for the faithful discharge of
his duties.
By Mr. BRISBtN: The memorial of Scianton k Piatt
and 160 others, citizens of Luzerne county, Pennsylvania,
praying a modification of the tariff of 1846, and an increase
of duties upon coal and iron.
Also, the petition ofGershom Biddle and 100 others, citi-
zens of Columbia, Montour, and Lycoming counties, Penn-
sylvania, for a mail route from Bloomsbury to Muncy.
By Mr. DOTY : The petition of John H. Manahan and
Samuel L.Rose and others for a mail route from Beaver
Dain, by Elba and the village of Portland, to Altaian.
Also, the position of Samuel Scott, F. E. Whiton, Evan
Also, the petition of John Martin, Jr., Julius Ashby, B.
F. Smith, and others, for the repeal of the fugitive slave
[Note.—The part in brackets [ 1 in sec. 4,' • Thomad.and others, for a mail route from Beaver Dan. to
■was proposed by the Committee of Claims to be - - 
stricken out; and the parts in italia to be inserted.]
The question was taken, and it was agreed to.
Mr. WRNTWORTH moved that the commit-
tee rise and report the bill as amended.
The question was put, and the motion pre-
vailed.
The committee rose accordingly, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman of the
committee reported that the committee had had
under consideration the Union generally, and par-
ticularly the bill to establish a Board of Accounts,
and had directed him to report the same with an
amendment.
Mr. DANIEL moved the previous question on
the bill.
Mr. McDONALD moved that when the House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet at eleven o'clock to-
morrow.
law.
By Mr. BOBBINS: The resolutions of the Senate and
House of Representatives of the State of Pennsylvania, re-
questing ttieir Senators and Representatives in Congress to
vote in favor of granting to those persons who served in
the war of 1812, whether upon land or water, as well as in
the Indian wars, one hundred and sixty acres of the public
domain.
Also, the joint resolutions from the same, requesting their
Senators and Representatives to ask Congress for an ap-
propriation of such sum out of the Treasury of the United
States as will be necessary to repair the public piers at
Chester on the Delaware river.
By Mr. JOHN A. KING: The petition of John W. De-
mon and John A. N. Molt, assistant marshals of Queen's
county, New York, to take the census, for additional com-
pensation.
By Mr. HOWE: The petition of Joseph L. Chase and
75 others, eiti sens of Crawford county, Pennsylvania, pray
ing Congress to establish a post route from Titusville, in
said county, via Chapmanville, Sugar Lake to, Meadville,
the seat of justice of said county.
By Mr. ANDREWS : The petition ofN. C. Boyntonand
The CHAIRMAN decided that themotion was
not in order. I. 15 others, citizens of Jay, New York, asking Congress to
Mr JONES moved to lay the bill upon the pass a law imposing specific duties on all articles of foreign
table, and on that motion demanded the jZ* and ^andise which come in competition with American
nays; which were ordered.
The question was then taken, and resulted—
yeas 59, nays 100—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Averett, Bay, Beale, Bine- :
ham, Bowlin, Albert 6. Brown, Joseph Cable, Campbell, ;
Canter, Clarke, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colcock, Danner, ,
Deberiy, Durkee, Fowler, Giddings, Gilmore, Gorman,
Hall, Hamilton, Haralson, I sham G. Harris, Thomas L.
Harris, Hibbard, Joseph W. Jackson, Jones, Julian, Lit- |
tlefield, Job Mann, Matteson, McMullen, McQueen, John
K. Miller, MUlson, Morris, Orr, Otis, Parker, Penn, Phelps,
bobbins, Ross, Sackett, Savage, Schoolcraft, Shepperd, ,
Silvester, Spaulding, Sweetser, Thomas, James Thompson,
Walden, Wallace, Wellborn, Whittlesey, Wildrick, Wil- !
mot, and Young—59.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Alston, Anderson,
Ashmun, Bayly, Bennett, Bocock, Bokee, Booth, Bowie,
Boyd, Breck, Brooks, W. J. Brown, Burt, ^Butler, George A.
Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Casey, Chandler, Clingman, i
Cole, Conger, Corwin, Crowell, Daniel, Dickey, Dixon,
Doty, Duer, Duncan, Dunham, Edmundson, Alexander )
Evans, Nathan Evans, Fitch, Freedley, Fuller, Gentry, ;
Gilbert, Gott, Gould, Grinnell, Hammond, Hay, Haymond, j
Henry, Hilliard, Holladay, Holmes, Houston, Howard, j
Howe, Andrew Johnson, Kerr.Geoiie G. King, James G.
King,JohnA. King, La S£re, Horace Mann, Marshall, Mc- j
Donald, McDowell, McGaugbey, McKissock, McLanahan,
Robert M. McLane, Finis E. McLsan, McWillie, Meacham,
Moore, Morrison, Horse, Morton, Nelson, Ogle, Outlaw, '
Peaslee, Powell, Putnam, Reed, Kisley, Robinson, Rock- i
well, Schenck, Schemerhorn, Seddon, Sprague, 8tanly,
Taylor, Thurman, Underhill, Venable, Vinton, Waldo,
Watkins, Wentworth, White, and Williams—100. j
Mr. ASHE, on his name being called, rose and
stated that he had paired off with Mr. Thompson,
of Mississippi.
Mr. EWING stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Strong.
So the bill was n6t laid on the table.
HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. McDONALD asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer the following resolu-
tion:
Retolved, That until otherwise ordered, the Sour of meet-
ing of this House shall be eleven o'clock, a. m.
Mr. BURT objected, and the motion was not
therefore entertained.
Mr. BURT moved that the House adjourn, but
withdrew the motion at the request of
Mr. Mc&UEEN, who asked and obtained the
unanimous consent of the House to withdraw cer-
tain papers from the files of the House.
Mr. BtJRT then renewed his motion, and
The House adjourned.
PETITIONS, fcc.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
tinder the rule, and referred to appropriate committees:
By Mr. JULIAN: The petition of 10 citizens of West-
field, in Massachusetts, praying Congress to repeal the fu-
gitive slave law passed at the last session.
Also, the petition of 60 citizens of Webster, in the same
Btate, praying the same.
By Mr. OGLE: Resolutions adopted by the Pennsylva-
nia Legislature, relative to the public piers at Chester, in
that State.
Also, resolutions of the same Legislature, relative to
granting bounty land to certain classes of soldiers who
served ia the war of 1813 and Indian wars.
Also, the petition of R. D. Linsay and 300 others, citizens
of Schroon, New York, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of J. Parmenter and 135 others, citizens
of North Hudson, New York, for the same purpose.
Also, tile petition of H. O. Tallmage and 50 others, citi-
zens of Chesterfield, New York, for the same purpose.
Also, the remonstrance ofC. T. Hammond and 150 others,
citizens of Essex county,New York,against the passage of
the bill called the Canadian reciprocity bill.
By Mr. MILLER, of Iowa: The joint resolution of the
Legislative Assembly of die State of Iowa, instructing their
Senators and requesting their Representatives in Congress
to use their influence in procuring an appropriation from
the General Government to pay for the expense of survey-
ing the public lands lying within the limits of Iowa, and to
cause them to be surveyed at the earliest date.
Also, the petition of John C. Hargrove and other citizens
of Iowa, praying Congress to establish a post route from
Centreville, in Appanoose county, Iowa, to St. Johns, the
county seat of Dodge county, Missouri.
Also, the petition of Daniel C. Brainard, Timothy Day,
and 411 other citizens of Iowa, praying Congress to estab-
lish a mail route, commencing at the city of Keokuck and
running from thence through the villages of Summitville,
Charleston, Primrose, Harrisburg, Winchester, Birming-
ham, Libeityville, Ashland, Agency City, and Dahlonega,
to Osealoosa, all in Iowa.
By Mr. SCHENCK: The memorial of 85 citizens of Cam-
den. Ohio, representing that the present condition and in-
sufficiency of the Louisville and Portland Canal constitute
a " grievous injury to the business and navigation of the
whole Western country," and praying some relief.
Also, the memorial of 70 citizens ef the Seventh Ward,
in the city of Washington, representing the bad condition
of Maryland Avenue, and praying for an appropriation to
grade and improve that thoroughfare.
By Mr. EVANS, of Ohio: The petition of Gilbert Me- j
Cully and 13 other citizens of Guernsey county, Ohio, for
the repeal of the fugitive slave law.
By Mr. BRIGGS : The petition of J. H. Brown and 27
others, assistant marshals of the United States, praying Con-
gress tor an increase of compensation for taking the census
of the city of New York.
By Mr. STETSON: The petition of William Tozier, for
arrearage of pension.
By Mr. MANN, of Pennsylvania: The petition of A.
McAllister, Samuel Royer, and 69 others, proprietors and
operatives at Springfield Furnace, Blair county, Pennsylva-
nia, and citizens of the vicinity of said Furnace, being inter-
ested, directly or indirectly, in the manufacture of iron,
setting forth that they are, and have been for some time, la-
boring under serious disadvantages in consequence of the
operation of the present tariff, and praying a modification
thereof so as to afford reasonable protection against the im-
portation of foreign iron.
Also, the petition of Daniel H. Royer, John Aurandt, and
76 others, proprietors and operatives at Franklin Forge,
Blair county, Pennsylvania, and citizens in the vicinity of
said Forge, of same import.
Also, resolutions of the Legislature of the State of Penn-
sylvania, relative to granting a portion of the public lands
to soldiers and sailors that served in the war of 1812, and
soldiers of the Indian wars.
Also, the resolutions of the Legislature of Pennsylvania,
asking an appropriation by Congress for the repairs of the
public piers at Chester, Pennsylvania, on the river Dela-
ware.
By Mr. THURMAN: The petition of D. E. Kingsbury
and 200 other citizens of Black Brook, Clinton county, New
York. Also, of Himan G. Powers and 100 other citizens
of Clinton county, New York. Also, of J. T. Everest and
53 other citizens of Schuyler Falls, Clinton eounty, New
York. Also, of A. D. Banter and 68 other citizens of
Chazz, Clinton county, New York, all asking a modification
of the tariff of 1846 so as to give greater protection to do-
m«iti« labor.
By Mr. CONGER: The petition of 50 citizens of Cayu-
ga county, New York, for the repeal of the fugitive slave
law.
Also, of 31 voters of the town of Cato, in the same coun-
ty, for the same purpose.
By Mr. OGLE: The memorial of the members of the
Senate and House of Representatives of the State of Penn-
sylvania, praying Congress to establish a line of steamers
to the western const of Africa.
By Mr. FULLER : The petition of Henry Young, et al*.,
inhabitants of the island of Mutinicus, praying to be set otf
from the collection district of Penobscot, and to be annexed
to the collection district of Waldoborougli, in the State of
Maine.
By Mr. HENRY: The memorial of Horace Eaton and
143 others of Middlebury : of F. H. Palmer and 238 others of
Pittsford : John Barrett and 171 of Grafton : E. Merrill and
183 of Castleton : Ira Button and 173 of Brandon : II. But-
ton and 46 of Wallingt'ord : David Tuck and 87 of Jeneo:
A. T. Bancroft and 80 of Plainfield: W. Steele and 75 of
Sharon: A. B. Blake and 70of Sutton: J. Worthington and
67 of Irasburgh: P. Turnain and 66 of Tunbridge: 65 of
Jay: Edward Kirklandand 168 of Brattleboro': JaredRich
and 62 of Bethel: A. Metcalfand54 of East Montpelier: P.
T. Snoeo and 42 of Snaw's Store: J. Hause and 43 of Cor-
inth : R. Luckwood and 42 of St. George : J. Fisher and 11
ofHartland: I. J.Cressey and 38 of Johnson: G. W.Brown
and 25 of New Haven: Horace Lesslieand21 of Plymouth :
B. B. Butler and 11 of Essex: Asa Herwinway and 42 of
Shoreham: A. Bliss and 15ofPoultney: Aldis Kent and 59 of
Calais: J. L. Marsh and 70 of Clarendon: B. Hutchinson
and 69 of Sherburne : J. S. Hulett and 56 of Wells: W. C.
Kitredge and 33 of Fair Haven : B. Ames and 88 of Rupett:
B. F. Southworth and 42 of Benson: R. Smith and 60 of
Wilmington: D. Gloren and 209 of Rutland: R.Brooks and
31 of Wmdhall: T. I. Goodrich and 30 of Sudbury: F. Mer-
rifield and 54 of Brookline : J. Farnum and 96 of Jamaica :
Abel Patten and 22 of Marlboro': P. Haseltine and 33 of
Townsend: L. Smith and 56 of Ira: Joseph Needliainand
98 of Shrewsbury: John Lynde and 48 of Guilford: Abel
Grant and 53 of Strattan: J. D. Wick 1mm and 72 Manches-
ter: H. K. Hunt and40 of West Haven: W. O. Harrison
; and 72 of Chittenden: in all 3,508 legal voters of the State
of Vermont, that Congress may pass a joint resolution, re-
questing the President to propose to all nations the estab-
lishment of a board, for the peaceable settlement of all in-
ternational disputes.
I By Mr. CALVIN : The following petitions, asking for
i mollification of the tariff of 1846:
I One from Joshua Burley and 37 others, of Blair eounty,
I Pennsylvania.
Also, one from James L. Shultz and 19 others of the same
j county.
Also, one from Francis Doves and 16 others, citizens of
, same county.
; By Mr. OTIS: The petition of William R. Prescott and 179
1 inhabitants of Hallowell, Maine, for the immediate repeal
! of the " fugitive slave law."
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 10, 1851.
The PRESIDENT of the Senate laid before
the body a report from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, made in obedience to the law of 21st April,
1808, and the act further to amend the several acts
for the establishment and regulation of the Treas-
ury, War, and Navy Departments, approved
March 2, 1809, exhibiting a statement of contracts
authorized by the Treasury Department during the
[ years 1849 and 1850; a statement of payments
made according to law at the Treasury from the
1st of July, 1849, to the 30th of June, 1850; and
a statement of the expenditures of the marine hos-
pital fund for the relief of sick and disabled sea-
men for the year ending 30th of June, 1850; which
was read, and,
; On motion by Mr. MILLER, ordered to lie on
' the table and be printed.
i Also, a report from the Treasury Department,
. communicating a computation of a manual of
tables to be used with the hydrometers recently
adopted for- use in the United States custom-
houses, prepared under the superintendence of
Professor A. D. Bache by Professor R. S. Mc-
Culloh; which was read, and,
On motion bv Mr. HUNTER, referred to the
Committee on Finance and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the ■ Secretary of
War, made in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate calling for copies of the reports of Colonel
McCall, in relation to the population and military
resources of New Mexico, transmitting the inform-
ation desired; which was read, and, ....
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
CREDENTIALS OF MR. PRATT.
Mr. PEARCE presented the credentials of the
Hon. Thomas G. Pratt, elected a Senator by the
Legislature of the State of Maryland for six
from and after the 4th day of March next; which
were read.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. SEWARD presented a memorial from
members of th# American Institute in the city of
