1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
493
enough to pay for the works thus printed and de-
livered according to contract. This subjected the :
contractors to great delay, a year intervening before '
they could get the money for that property of
which they had put us in possession. That did
not seem to be fair, and the committee thought it
right and proper that the contractors, as there
could be no doubt as to the amount to which they
were entitled—that being fixed by a contract made
in pursuance of law—should have their pay when
the work waa delivered. The second section pro-
vide* only that when these works are delivered
they shall be paid for out of any money in the'
Treasury not otherwise appropriated. The object
is to supersede the necessity of future appropria-
tions as parts of the work are delivered, and to
prevent the contractors suffering the inconvenience
and loss which they must sustain if payment be
delayed, by their waiting for another session of
Congress and the passage of the general appropria-
tion t>iH.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I very candidly ac-
knowledge that my object is to stop this publica-
tion, and I thought my instructions embraced that
point. I am very willing to pay for the books that
nave been ordered, but I am utterly unwilling that
we should go on now and continue these Annals
of Congress from the time at which they were
discontinued up to the present time. This matter
commenced, I believe, in the early part of the year
1849, when the Secretary of the Senate and the
Clerk of the House were authorized to subscribe
for one thousand copies of the Proceedings and
Debates from the termination of the 1st Congress to
the end of the ith Congress.
The resolution is in these words:
Retolped, $-e., That the Secretary of the Senate and tbe
Clerk of the House of Representatives are hereby authorized
to subscribe, under the direction of the joint Library Com-
mittee, on behalf of Congress, for one thousand copies of
the debates and proceedings of Congress from the termina-
tion of the tint Congress, where the present publication
•tops, until die end of the fourth Congress, the same having
beua compiled and ready for the press; and that the Joint
Library Committee be directed to examine any further com-
pilation of such debates and proceedings from the end of the
fourth Congress until tbe commencement of the Register
of Debates, already published, from eighteen hundred and
twenty-four; and that such committee report, from time to
time, upon the propriety of subscribing for such continua-
tion ; ami that one copy of such debater and proceedings be
furnished each member of the present Congress, and the
residue be deposited in the Library of Congress, subject to
tbe further order of Congress.
Approved March 3d, 1849.
Notwithstanding the act of the 30th Septem-
ber, 1850, the general appropriation bill of the last
session, authorized a subscription for two thou-
sand copies of the debates and proceedings of
Congress from the commencement of the 1st ses-
aion, of which one thousand copies of the first four
Congresses had been subscribed for up to the sec-
ond session of the 18th Congress, where the Regis-
ter of Debates begins. The game act appropri-
ates the sum of $30,000 to pay for the thousand
copies authorized by the act of 1849, to include
the 1st Congress as well as the 2d, 3d, and 4th.
"To include the first Congress,as well as the 2d,"
&c. These words that found their way into the
appropriation bill will cause us- to have to pay
120,000 foVbooks of which a very large number,
1 know not how many, have been bought and dis-
tributed. As the subscription was first directed
these duplicate volumes were not ordered; and in
the original act of 3d March, 1849, it was expressly
provided that the one thousand copies then ordered
should begin at the " termination of the 1st Congress,
where the present publication begins." But the
words " to include the first Congress," which got
into the act of September 30, 1850, have taken or
are likely to take $20,000. This appropriation
was got in to include the first Congress, under
which these books, of the same size and containing
the same matter, have been published and distrib-
uted, and which it is proposed now to oontinue to
publish and distribute.
I am not going to make a " book speech " this
morning, but I have looked at the expenditures
which have been made for this object, anfl I think
it is time that we should stop. I wish to refer the
matter back to the committee that they may intro-
duce a resolution providing for the payment of the
books that we have received, and tne discontinua-
tion of the further publication of the Annals of
Congress, as the commencement of just such an-
other job as the publication of the Documentary
History of the Revolution, of which, or the con-
tract portion of which, the Senator from Missouri
[Mr. Benton] spoke thus at the last session:
"Mr. Bknton said: I was a member in 1833, and so
were you, sir, [addressing the Chair.] An act was then
passed for printing a Documentary History of the Revolu-
tion. I was an attending member at the ume, but I knew
nothing of the passage ol that act, and so stated in my place,
as did you, I think. [Mr. King nodded assent.] The Sen-
ator from PJorth Carolina [Mr. Manocm] first informed me
of its passage, and of the enormities that were likely to be
perpetrated under it. Welookediuto it,and found that the
terms of the act were so loose and comprehensive that it
was computed that the work to be done under it would
amount to a million and a half of dollars."
" Beginning with the Documentary Hiatray, which waa
about the commencement of the great abuse, and putting
down $500,000 lor that item; payable at intervals as a vol -
uine is delivered, each delivery being about $25,000, and I
the most part yet to come, and I find in the year 1832
$55,000 lor one set of books, ami $13,000 for another; in
1833 1 find the several sums of $50,U00, l'i), and $1,000;
in 1834 the sums of .$20,000, $40,000, $33,930, $5,100; in
1835 the sums of $6,600, $40,000, ,$10,860 ; m 1836 .$5,883,
£15,606; in 1837 (J4.490, $4,588, $15,000; in 1839 #5,604.
**********
" Thus we find in 1846 the sums of $7,000 and £24,449;
in 1847 the sums at'§7-2,205 ami ot'$45,000; in 1848 tne sums
of #8,000, of $16,250, of $24,3*27, and of $4,270; in 1849 a
considerable unascertained amount; and now, in this year,
1850, both Houses of Congress employed on the work.
**********
" Recurring to the Documentary History, I will here say,
Mr. President, that while the House has felt itself embar-
rassed with the contract of Clark & Force, Mr. Clark has
not felthimself embarrassed at all bv his part of the contract.
While we were denying ourselves the power to give up this
contract, he was selling it to a gentleman who perhaps is
here now, Mr. John U. Rives. He purchased Mr. Clark's
interest, and he has authorized me to say that if the Senate i
choose to terminate the contract be asks tor no damages.
He speaks lor himself; he does not speak for Mr. Force,
who may not be willing to do as he does. Now, sir, the
work of Clark & Force was to be done by an officer, at that
time, ot the House, whom we all know, Mr. Clark. Being
an officer of the House, he was somewhat under tlie control
and in the power of the House. The contract with him was
personal; he was to do the "head work.'-' It was a trust
not to be delegated; it was a contract with him, an officer
of the House and an educated man, to do a work which
required head and education. He was to collect the matter
proposed to be published. It was a personal trust and not
negotiable and assignable. He has assigned and gone out
ot it, and Mr. Rives, who succeeded him, pretends to noth-
ing but the workman, whose business it is to make money
out ot his contract. That is all be pretends, and he prints
the manuscript as tarnished to him. The whole idea on
which tbe contract was made is lost and gone. The lead- !
ing partner in the contract has left it. He quits it and yet
we must stick to it. Such is the argument, and such the
practice, and such the abuse of this book-buying business.
The greater part of this Documentary History is yet to come.
At first there was no, limitation upon time or quantity.
Both were unlimited. We got a limit upon the quantity so
as not to exceed so many volumes, but tliere is no limit
upon time; periodically Congress is called upon for about
$25,000 to pay lor a new bound volume, and some one or
two thousand dollars to buy voluihes not in existence to
give to dead men."
This work, if we continue to subscribe for it,
will involve an expenditure of about $150,000, and
I suppose it would be safe to say, as the Senator
from Missouri said of the other, that he had not
read it, that very few members would read this,
especially as a large portion of the debates are em-
braced in other publications.
Mr. PEARCE. I have but a few words to say
in reply to the Senator from Iowa. I perfectly
agree with him in this, that the Senate has done
too much in the way of publishing and purchasing
books. That consideration has been so strongly
impressed upon the minds of the Library Com-
mittee, who have been generally charged with this
subject, that during the present session they have
not recommended an object of that sort. We
have had many such objects before us, but have in
every instance declined recommending the Senate
to make any further purchase or publication of
books; and it is my purpose to adhere to that de-
termination hereafter. I think we have been lav-
ish enough in this way. The Government has
been getting into a course of expenditure entirely
foreign to its true purposes. It has been asked to
patronize works of literature and of art which
have no connection with any of the objects usually
within the scope of Governmental action. I am
opposed to all that, and, so far as depends on me
—so far as depends on the Committee on the Li-
brary, there will be no further extravagance in that
line.
But how can the Senator from Iowa ask us to
repeal a contract ? The law has fixed this thing.
The law has directed life Secretary of the Senate
and the Clerk of the HouBe to make a contract,
and they have made a contract in pursuance of
law. If the Senator had urged his objections at
the last session of Congress, they would have had
„ some force, but it is not possible for u  by act of
Congress to cut loose from a contract. We can-
not vest people with rights and then tear them
away. I think we should discredit ourselves by
jndertaking to do such a thing, wrong in itself
and impossible to be done.
I do not agree with the Senator that these works
are valueless. I believe they are valuable. I be-
lieve they will not only be read, but extensively
read, and I believe no man can thoroughly under-
stand the political and Congressional history of
the country that does not look to the facts con-
tained in them. They furnish the only complete
record of the debates of the Congress of the United
States from its origin under the present Constitu-
tion down to the present time. They furnish the
most authentic materials for ftiture history, and
supply statesmen with the best evidence of the
course of legislation heretofore. We have pur-
chased and been supplied with all the Registers of
Debates from the Eighteenth Congress to the pres-
ent time. We have purchased and been supplied
with the debates of the first four Congresses, and
the bill of the last session proposes to fill up the
hiatus, and to complete the series.
The gentleman has remarked upon the impro-
priety of purchasing one thousand copies of a doc-
ument that had been already purchased. Perhaps it
was unnecessary to include the debates of the First
Congress, but then it was said that it was neces-
sary, in order to make the series complete, and
that this Congress should be added, because other-
wise we should be distributing a partial history of
the legislation of the country. Be that as it may,
it is not my fault, if any mult there be, that the
appropriation was made for the purchase of copies
of the debates of the First Congress. But they
have been delivered, and the gentleman cannot get
rid of that. All that he can do, if he succeeds, is
to break a contract which we have no right to
break. For these reasons, I hope that the Senate
will not recommit the bill.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I do not propose to
make a book speech, nor one upon the inviolabil-
ity of contracts. My object in sending the matter
to the committee is, that they should report some
way by which, by paying tne damages for any
material that may have been obtained, we can
stop the publication; for as soon as the books are
published then will commence their distribution,
&c. It may be that Messrs. Gales & Seaton do
not wish to continue this work, and that we can
get rid of the contract without detriment to any
one. 1 think, Mr. President, that it is time we
should pause in our career of book publishing and
1 distribution. The amount now paid for books
and documents is perfectly appalling. I supposed
, that perhaps the committee might confer with the
publishers in this case, and that something might
be agreed upon between them. I would not pro-
pose under any circumstances that the publishers
should not be paid for what they have done; al-
though they may have been paid for the very
same work which we have been distributing to
members of Congress for the last eight or ten
years. I propose that my friend from Mississip-
pi [Mr. Davis] and the Senator from Maryland
[Mr. Pe rce] should look into the subject, and
see if they cannot stop this book business. And
I ask the sense of the Senate whether we are to
continue this business or not?
Mr. FOOTE. I have one difficulty in relation
to this matter, which does not seem to have been
considered by the honorable Senator who intro-
• duced this proposition. These gentlemen, doubt-
less, have provided materials, &c., for the publi-
j cation of the whole work—that is to say, they
have, at much expense, prepared themselves for
I the execution of the whole contract. If this be
the case, it seems to me that we cannot violate the
contract made with them—we cannot relieve our-
selves from the obligation assumed under it, with-
out doing the contractors serious pecuniary injury,
j I wish to be enlightened on this point. At pres-
; ent it seems to me more than probable that we
'• shall inrure them if we attempt to relieve ourselves
! of the contract, although we should pay them the
value of the books actually delivered or prepared
to be delivered; for they may and doubtless have
made extensive preparations for the execution of
the whole work, now in active progress.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I will explain
how the item to which reference has been made got
into the appropriation bill of the last session.
I Congress had authorized a contract to be made for
