494
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 10,
the publication of the Annnls of Congress,
from the ®f th< resolution which directed,
the contract it seemed doubtful whether it was in-
tended to include the first Congress or not. The
publishers, however, sent in volumes for the first
Congress along with the other volumes which had
keen contracted for. Last year this matter was
discussed in committee. The volumes for the first
Congress had been delivered, and the question
was whether they should or should not be inclu- :
ded in the contract made by the publishers. It was
decided that they should, and hence an appropria-
tion was made to cover them. I did not know at >
that time that there were two volumes so nearly
alike as those which have been referred to. I find
now that there were other two volumes which
would have answered the purpose; but they cer-
tainly do not correspond to the present series, and
would be objectionable on that score, as also on
account of difference in size; nor do I know that
we should have been enabled to get them. I am
not in possession of any information in relation to
the ola publication of the debates of Congress,
which would enable me to say whether they could
have been purchased or not. And if they could ;
have been purchased, we should have had to pay
for them what we paid for the volumes which we
have received. But what is past is gone.
This is now a matter of contract, from which
Congress can only get rid by compounding with
the contractors, and paying them damages. If it
was desired, that might be attempted. For myself,
however, though usually opposed to the publica-
tion of books, I think that filling the gap which
has been left by recent and old appropriations is
entirely proper. We have published from the first
to the end of the fourth Congress, and from the
eighteenth Congress down to this time. The ques-
tion is, whether we shall fill the gap intervening
from the end of the fourth to the beginning of the
eighteenth Congress. I say yes.
The second section of this bill, to which refer-
ence has been made, does not vary the contract at
all. It merely provides that the money shall be
paid as it falls due, instead of requiring the con-
tractors after the money falls due to wait until
Congress meets and appropriates the money, which
is a great loss to the contractors, and no benefit to
the Treasury. This second section, therefore,
against which the movement of my friend from
Iowa is particularly directed, neither enlarges the
contract nor increases the appropriation, but merely
directs the manner in which it shall be paid.
Mr. HALE. I will detain the Senate but a
moment to present a view of this matter which
has not been presented, and which I think ought
to be taken. It is a practical common-sense view
of the thing. As long as there are two great po-
litical parties, there must be two great political
presses supported at the seat of Government; and
just so long as their list of subscribers cannot sus-
tain them they must be sustained out of the Na-
tional Treasury. And when parties are so nearly
balanced as they are here, no one patty can sus-
tain its own press without a little help from the
-other. Now, we want to sustain the "Union"
*nd the editor of that paper, and we are going to
do it by a direct bill; but we cannot expect those
who belong to an opposite party to help us do that
unless we give some jobs to their press-. If you
want your back scratched you must tickle your
neighbor's elbow. It is upon that principle that
we are bound to carry these measures out, so that
the public, Whig and Democratic, shall be fur-
nished with a good Whig and a good Democratic
journal at the seat of Government. That is one
of the objects in view, and it is to carry out that
object that I vote for all these contracts.
Mr. FOOTE. I wish it to be understood that
in voting for this measure the last session of Con-
gress I had no such consideration operating on me
as that mentioned by the honorable Senator from
New Hampshire. I conceived then, and I con-
ceive now, that the publication of this work will
be exceedingly important in furnishing materials
fjr the future authentic history of the country. I
am sure that all who have looked at that portion
of our history which is covered by these annals
have become satisfied that there is a great want of
the means of ascertaining, in an authentic man-
ner, important political facts, which means I have
thought would be supplied by the publication of
this work. Such was ray motive in voting for
the proposition before. I eaBnot vole for the mo-
tion of the Senator from Iowa now, unless I am
better satisfied than I am at present that it will
not, in effect, violate a contract existing between
ourselves and the publishers.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. A serious objection
I have to this bill, is, that I do not know what
amount of money will be appropriated by it. I
inquired of older members in my vicinity, who
1 supposed were better acquainted with this mat-
ter than I was, and they did not know the amount
of money involved in it. It seemed to me that
an indefinite amount might be paid without the
healthy supervision of the committees, and with- 1
out the money being appropriated specifically for
that object, so that we might know what it was
for. It was that which first directed my attention
to the matter, and then when I looked at the books
and saw that they duplicated upon each other, I
thought it time that the matter should be investi-
gated.
I will modify my motion so as to move to re-
commit the bill with instructions to the committee
to inquire into the expediency of striking out the
second section, and on that I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered and were:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton, Borland, Bright, Cass, Dodge
of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Downs, Felch, Gwin, Ham-
lin, Houston, Hunter, Jones, King, Norris, fthett, Shields,
Sturgeon, Turney, Walker, and Yulee—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Berrien, Butler,
Clarke, Clay, Davis of Massachusetts, Dawson, Ewing,
Foote, Greene, Hale, Mason, Miller, Morton, Pearce,
Phelps, Pratt, Rusk, Seward, Smith, Spruance, Underwood,
Upham, and Wales—26.
So the motion to recommit was not agreed to.
The bill was then passed.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
The Senate, on the motion of Mr. Hunter,
proceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to the
consideration of the bill to supply deficiencies in
the appropriations for the service of the fiscal year
j ending the 30th of June, 1851.
| The Senate first considered the amendments re-
ported from the Committee on Finance.
The first was an addition to the item for contin-
gent expenses in the office of the First Auditor of
the Treasury, as follows:
" For contingent expenses of the office of Indian Affairs,
$922 05."
Mr. HUNTER. That is according to estimates.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment, a correction of a clerical
error, substituted $29,950 for $34,068 15 as the
gross amount of thirty-seven temporary clerks in
the office of the Commissioner of Pensions, re-
quired in consequence of the passage of the bounty
land bill. Also, an addition of "and one third
to the words which fix the salaries of the clerks at
$3 33 per day.
The amendments were agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the fol-
lowing item:
" For expenses of holding treaties with the various tribes
of Indians in California, in addition to the appropriation of
the 30th September, 1850, {$25,000."
Mr. HUNTER. Twenty-five thousand dollars
were appropriated for this purpose at the last ses-
sion. The Secretary of the Interior estimated for
$75,000 in the deficiency bill. The House cut it
down to $25,000; but the Committee on Finance,
considering that the expenses were so large, deter-
mined to dispense with the item entirely.
Mr. GWIN. I have received intelligence from
California of constant collisions between the whites
and Indians. It is absolutely necessary to hold
treaties with the Indians, or there may be a gen-
eral Indian war. The appropriation of the last
session was only $25,000. The appropriation
| which passed the Senate last year was for $100,000,
but the House cut it down to $25,000. The De-
partment recommends this appropriation as abso-
lutely necessary to enable the commissioners to
hold treaties, and the last news from California
renders it necessary that such treaty should be
held in order to avoid a general Indian war. I
hope the appropriation will not be striken out.'
Mr. EWING. Since this amendment was
agreed upon in committee? I have also received in-
formation from California which leads me to the
same opinion with the Senator from California. I
believe it i« necessary to retain the appropriation.
Mr. HUNTER. I am not disposed to insist
very strongly on the amendment. I am willing
that the Senate should retain the appropriation if
they think proper.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment of the committee was to
: insert among the appropriations to the Indian
I tribes the following item:
" For the payment of the Cherokee nation of the amount
due under the 9th article of the treaty of the 6th August,
1846, as ascertained by the proper accounting officers "pur-
suant to the resolution of Congress of 7tli August, 1848, and
on amount paid to agents and others employed by the Gov-
ernment in carrying out the provisions ot the treaty with
the Cherokees of 1835-'6, $'724,603 37, and interest cm the
above sum at the rate of five per cent, per annum from the
12th day of June, 1838, until paid, shall be paid to them out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
But no interest shall be paid after the 1st of April, 1851, if
any portion of the money is then left undrawn by the said
Cherokees: Provided, however, That the sum now appro-
priated shall be considered as a final settlement of all claims
under the treaties with the Cherokees of 1835-'6 and 1846,
and no part thereof shall be paid to the said Cherokees until
they bind themselves, in soma mode deemed sufficient by
the Secretary of the Interior, to make no further claims
against the United States, under the said treaties, for re-
moval, subsistence, spoliations, rents, preemptions, reser-
vations, ferries, or for any other matter growing out of trans-
actions under those treaties."
Mr. HUNTER. This item is an old acquaint-
ance of the Senate. It is a matter which has been
discussed here several times, and on which the
opinion of the Senate has been expressed more
than once. It is an appropriation to wind up the
transactions between the United States and the
Eastern Cherokees under the treaties of 1835,
1836, and 1846. The amount has been ascertained
by the proper accounting officers of the Treasury.
And there is but one portion of it in relation to
• which there is any doubt or difficulty. That is, in
regard to $96,000 for agents employed in their re-
| moval. It was the opinion, however, of the office
of Indian Affairs, that this sum should not have
been charged to the Cherokees, in view of the fact
that the Government had not generally charged the
Indians with the expenses of the agents in remov-
ing them. There was some doubt in relation to
it, but when we came to look at the item we found
that if the Cherokees were bound by it, they were
not bound to pay improper charges, and the fund
had been administered very wastefully. It was
thought best, however, under all the circumstances,
for the purpose of closing the transactions fully
and entirely, to take the amount estimated by the
Department. We have been bountiful and liberal
to these Indians heretofore, and I think it best that
we should now make this appropriation, and so
close accounts with them.
Mr. BELL. As a matter of courtesy I ask the
Senator from Virginia to inform the Senate whether
this is or is not in conformity with the recommend-
ation of the Committee on Indian Affairs, made
at the last session? That committee, or some
members of it at least, felt that the course of that
Senator, and the committee to which he belonged,
sustained as they were by the Senate, had been
somewhat "in Coventry" in relation to these In-
dian questions.
Mr. HUNTER. I would say to the Senator
that this is strictly in conformity with the report
of the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. BELL. I will state that the Committee on
Indian Affairs had the subject under consideration
for two whole sessions, and they did not feel that
the Finance Committee, or any other committee
of this Senate, should undertake to say that they
would not consider the subject because they had
not some two or three days or even a week's time.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not understand this dis-
cussion. I do not know what thegentleman wants.
We propose to give him all that ne asked.
Mr. BELL. Very well. I do not want any
more; but I want what is courteous on the part of
the Finance Committee. I suppose they have ex-
amined the subject. v
Mr. HUNTER. I will say that I examined
the question, not only at the time to which the
Senator refers, but I have examined it since, and
my opinion is now the same as it originally was,
but I yield to the opinion of the Senate.
Mr. DAWSON. I wish to ask the ehairman
of the Committee on Finance whether this amend-
ment closes ail obligations under that treaty to these
Cherokees ?
Mr. HUNTER. It does.
Mr. DAWSON. Is it to be final and conclu-
sive ?
Mr. HUNTER. It is.
