496
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 10.
take it that the attorneys in this case have as good
clients in these accomplished und highly-educated !
Indians. Therefore his argument shows no rea- |
son why we should interpose as a court between j
them and their clients. I appeal, on behalf of ,
these Indians, whether we shall not carry out the '
treaty, and leave them to pay their attorneys'fees.
Mr. FOOTE. I merely intend to say, in reply
to my friend from Wisconsin, that I do not re-
gard this as a judicial tribunal for any such pur-
pose as the present. It is a mere legislative body.
There lies his mistake. If we were actually a
court, I should not hesitate as. to the course proper
to be pursued under such circumstances as have
been suggested. The honorable Senator from
Wisconsin moves us to interpose between the at-
torney and his client. 1 see no necessity for it,
for the reason stated by the honorable Senator
from Virginia, that the Cherokees are understood
to be a tribe perfectly qualified to attend to their
own business, and therefore that this conduct on
our part would be officious in the extreme, and
justly insulting even, to some extent, to those in
whose behalf our unsolicited protection is invoked.
Mr. BUTLER. This matter, perhaps,requires
that I should say a word in connection with the
subject. As early as 1842 or 1843, I was very
intimately connected with the agent of the Chero-
kee people. I had occasion to assist in making
out his report, and I examined this whole subject.
So far from any mystery being thrown over the
transaction, I recollect the strong impression of the
agent as to the justice of the claim, and his rec-
ommendation to Congress on this very subject.
As far as I then examined it, without any bias, I
thought it a fair claim.
And with regard to the mode of payment, per-
haps I may make a remark. The present agent
was appointed under circumstances highly gratify-
ing to nis feelings, by the unanimous recommend-
ation of the officers at Fort Gibson. Although
comparatively a young man, they had every con-
fidence in his integrity. No doubt he does his
duty to the best of nis ability; but I would prefer
that a delegation of the Indians should take the
money and distribute it, than that it should get
into his hands, and subject him to the responsibility
of delivering it per capita. It will be more safe,
more satisfactory to the Indians, to let their dele-
gation here take the money, carry it home, and
distribute it, than to put it into the hands of the
agent of the Government, and subject him to a
responsibility not connected with his office.
With regard to contingent fees, a great deal
may be said one way or the other. I ao not un-
dertake to enter into the subject at all, but I say
that, under all the circumstances, it will be more
satisfactory to the Indians that their delegation
here should take the money and distribute it than
for the agent to distribute it. It would involve him
in a great deal of difficulty, and perhaps lead to
very much dissatisfaction.
Mr. BELL. If I understand this question, it is
not deserving any further discussion whether the
amendment shall be adopted or not. It is required
by the treaty of 1846 that this money shall be paid
per capita. The question arises whether Congress
can control the Government as to the mode of the
payment of this money. The ninth article of the
treaty of 1846 requires that " the balance thus
' found to be due shall be paid over per capita in
' equal amounts to all those individuals, heads of
* families, or their legal representatives, entitled to
• receive the same under the treaty of 1835, a nd the
' supplement of 1836, being all those Cherokees
' residing east at the date of said treaty, and the
' supplement thereto."
I do not understand that the proposition of the
Senator from Wisconsin goes further than this
treaty, and if it goes no further it is merely an act
of supererogation, and I should doubt the propriety
of attempting to go further. In justice to these
claimants, though I cannot vote contrary to the
provisions of the treaty to pay a reasonable per-
centage to these agents for their services in the
prosecution of these various claims, I will say
something which may appear extraordinary; but
it is what would exist under any Government on
earth, under similar circumstances, and when the
contest was between Governments of such relative
strength on the one side, and weakness on the
other, in any question to be settled of this magni-
tude between a great and powerful Government and
a weik tribe of Indians. I mean to gay on behalf
of these agents, extraordinary as it may seem, \
that I believe but for their active exertions year
afteryear, then pursuing their applications before
the Executive Government in the first place in or-
der to get this treaty, and then to get the officers
of the Government to audit and settle these ac-
counts, I do not believe justice would ever have
been done to these Indians. This does not arise
from any want of the disposition in'Congress to
do justice, but because these claims, arising under
the treaty of 1835, have been of the most compli-
cated nature, involving the antagonism oftwopor- i
tions of the tribe, and the partition of the country
west between the two parties. The treaty of 1835
was disputed as to how it should be construed in
relation to the Eastern and Western Cherokees,
and at last they got the treaty of 1846, and it
has been a most difficult matter to settle accounts
under the provisions of that treaty.
The honorable Senator from Virginia [Mr.
Hunter] says he has examined this matter. I
do not understand the honorable Senator as stating
that he has examined the vouchers and items
under these various claims, and that he has be-
come satisfied as to the specific amounts due under
any one head. I presume the honorable Senator
has examined the general principles on which the
matter rests. 1 know hecould not have examined
further, because he has not had the time, for I
perceive that he has been too well and profitably
employed upon some other subjects to have given
his whole time to this subject, and his whole time
would not authorize him or any other Senator to
examine the details of the matter. It has been a
, most difficult and complicated question. But few
! members of Congress, and but few members of
' the Executive Government, have ever had time to
j come to a clear and satisfactory conclusion upon
I the question. These agents have somewhat co-
erced, I may say, the Government into looking
I into and settling these claims. I have seen noth-
ing but what was honorable on the part of these
agents. The Committee on Indian Affairs, of
which I am a member, have had this under con-
sideration for the last two sessions. Their labor
has been greatly relieved by the previous research
of these gentlemen, bringing hundreds of volumes
of public documents of both Houses up to this
time, which shed light upon the subject. Not-
withstanding all this, it was difficult for the com-
mittee to come to any satisfactory conclusion.
These agents, I say, have been the main instru-
ment and cause even of this late settlement.
The treaties with these Indians of 1835 and
1836 were made some fifteen years ago, bat the
Senator from Wisconsin must recollect that these
Indians were not finally removed until 1839, and
then we had great difficulties with them. The
Army had to be employed to some extent in co-
ercing their removal. Conflicting claims grew out
of that. Some subsidiary auxiliary agreements
were made by Executive authority, which still
complicate ana perplex the question. The treaty
of 1846 was executed a few years ago, but we
could not get the Senate to execute it, to decide
on the arbitrament provided by it till the last ses-
sion. The Senate finally acquiesced in the opin-
ion expressed by the committee on that subject,
so that when the whole subject is understood, it
will be perceived that, although the delay has been
extraordinary, it has not been unnatural or un-
reasonable.
Although I have been conversant with Indian
affairs to some extent for the last twenty years,
and although up to 1841 I had some intimate
knowledge of the questions arising under the trea-
ties of 1835 and 1836, I was astonished when I
returned to Washington a few years ago to find
what seemed to be these enormous claims on the
part of the Western Cherokees and the Eastern
Cherokees who went West in 1839. I had no
' impression that any such sums were due until
I gave the whole question mature consideration
- The Senate, the House, the country was not
: prepared to sanction and to acknowledge these
I large claims. They exceeded the expectations
of every one except such men as these agents,
who had given their whole time and attention
' to the elucidation of the subject. These agents
i finally eviscerated all the facts on which the Exec-
i utive acted in making the treaty, on which the
Senate acted in making the award under that
| treaty, and to which the accounting officers have
\ subscribed.
I have felt it due, under these circunjstances, to
say thus much with regard to the agents. 1 am
sorry we have it not in our power to pay them a
reasonable percentage by authority of Congress.
I would be willing, with the greatest pleasure, if
we were at liberty to do so. With regard to the
policy of making treaties and paying money per
capita to the Indian tribes—I may not always have
had this opinion, but of late years I have come to
the conclusion that it would be much better to pay
the money to the governments of such tribes as the
Choctaws, Cherokees, and Creeks; that it would
be more beneficially appropriated to the advance-
ment of their people, to the maintenance of schools,
than it would be if doled out in these per capita
pittances, which only encourage the dilatory and
the idle. The idle Indians rely upon these pit-
tances each year for support, instead of betaking
themselves to the hoe and the plough.
Mr. HUNTER. I certainly never said that I
had examined this Cherokee claim item by item.
I did no more than look at the general principles
of the case and examined the report of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs. I rise for the purpose of
saying that I am, for one, opposed to this Gov-
ernment inteiposing for the purpose of managing
the private affairs of these Indians. I believe we
have had enough of that sort of responsibility, and
that it generally ends that we manage their affairs
in such a way as to displease them. I am for car-
rying out our treaty stipulations by paying what
we owe them, and letting them dispose of it as they
choose. I think it will be very imprudent for this
Government to embark in the sort of legislation
which is proposed by the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin. I hope, as we are anxious
to get through with the bill, and as there are more
amendments to come, we may be permitted to pass
this item without the addition of the proviso of the
Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. BORLAND. It seems to me that two sub-
jects of consideration have been introduced into
this discussion that have very little or nothing to
do with it. The first is the character of the indi-
vidual agents employed in this matter, and the sec-
ond is the character of the Indian population. To
my mind these things have nothing to do with the
question presented to the Senate. The object of
the amendment of the Senator, as I understand it,
is to execute the treaty of the 6th August, 1846.
The portion to be executed by this amendment is
to be found in article ninth. After referring to cer-
tain amounts to be paid to the Indians, the article
goes on to say:
" The aggregate of which several sums shall be deducted
from the sum of $66,470 67; and the balance thus found to
be due shall be paid over per capita, in equal amounts, to
all those individuals, heads of families or their legal repre-
sentatives, entitled to receive the same under the treaty of
1835, and the supplement of1836, being all those Cherokees
residing east at the date of said treaty, and the supplement
thereto."
! This treaty provides for paying; the amount per
capita in equal amounts to certain individuals men-
; tioned, or to their legal representatives. '' Legal
representatives," I understand to mean, not the
representatives of a tribe as a body, but the money
is to be paid to the individuals or their legal repre-
sentatives. The amendment of the committee is
therefore proper, as far as it goes; but I think it is
necessary to adopt the amendment of the Senator
from Wisconsin, because it puts the matter be-
yond all doubt, and declares to the Indians that
! the treaty shall be carried out in letter and in
spirit. I cannot understand why any opposition
; should be made to this amendment by Senators
who seem to approve of the course of having these
; agents employed to perform the duties of their sta-
tions, unless it be, if this amendment be not adopt-
ed, the terms of the treaty will be as well complied
| with as if it were adopted. The most they can
say with regard to it, if they intend to carry out
the treaty, is that it is surplusage; but, inasmuch
as the amendment of the committee goes no fur-
ther than providing for the payment of the money,
this amendment simply provides that the terms of
the treaty shall be observed in the payment of it,
It says in express terms what might be inferred,
but, from the opposition to this, does not seem to
be inferred by gentlemen opposed to the amend-
ment. .
A strange view seems to be taken with regard
to these agents. It is said they examined the
matter, they eviscerated the truth, and enabled
Congress to settle the question - I wish I knew
