THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $ 1 50 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1851.
Niw Series No. 32.
what we have a Commissioner of Indian Affairs
for—for what have we Committees of Indian Af-
fairs in both Houses of Congress, if not to exam-
ine into these mattery? My understanding is,
that the annual reports of the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs have laid this subject before us. It
is the duty of that bureau to ascertain the facts,
present them to us in a proper form, and enable
us to act upon them understanding^.
Inasmuch as the policy of this matter has been
alluded to, I will take occasion to say, that if there
be any one thing which ought to be guarded against
by Congress more than another, in a matter so
small as this, they should discourage the interpo-
lation of other agencies and other influences De-
tween the Government and those with whom they
have treaties, and which treaties they propose to
^execute and carry out by law. It amounts to a
very material subtraction from the amount to be
paid the Indians, or any one else, to have agents
some in and receive large compensation. We
know that in all the bounty land laws, pension
laws, and everything of that sort, a very large
amount, in many instances more than one half of
that which goes out of the Treasury, never reaches
those that are intended to be the beneficiaries of
the law.
As I remarked in the beginning, there is no ques-
tion of that kind before the Senate. It is a simple
proposition to carry out the provisions of a treaty,
ana the amendment of the Senator from "Wiscon-
sin is intended to secure that end. I had occasion
to look into theannual report of the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs just now, and my eye fell upon
a passage which it may be as well to read, in
answer to the suggestion of what would be satis-
factory to the Indians. In speaking of the distri-
bution of the money paid to Indians, he says:
" They naturally desire to receive individually the full
amount of their respective shares, and consequently their
entire asmuities have been distributed equally among them.'
Here the Commissioner embodies in his annual
report the wish of the Indians—a wish which they
have expressed on more occasions than one, and
in the most emphatic manner. Their wish is to
have this money paid to them strictly in conform-
ity with the provisions of the treaty. I hope the
amendment of the Senator from Wisconsin will
be adopted, because it accomplishes nothing more
than is provided for by the treaty.
Mr. HALE. I shaH vote against the amend-
ment to the amendment, and for this reason: I un-
derstand the Seiiator from Georgia [Mr. Dawson]
says there is but a single individual to be affected
by it, and he is a gentleman of very high reputa-
tion. I do not know to whom he refers. He says
that this gentleman's claim does not amount to
more than three or four per cent. It seems to
me that when we are about, to establish a general
principle we ought to do it by a general law, and
not put it in such a shape that it may be construed
as an impeachment of tne integrity of an honora-
ble man. It seems to me that for the assertion of
a great principle, it is rather improper to select a
solitary individual. It is for this reason that I shall
vote against the amendment to the amendment.
If tne honorable Senator from Wisconsin will
bring in a general bill, and make it applicable to
all cases, I will go for it with all my heart. But
as I understand this is only a hit at one solitary
individual, I am unwilling that the reputation of
one solitary man should be affected in the manner
which would result from such an enactment as this.
In doing justice to the Indians, I am unwilling to
do injustice to an honorable man; and I hope that
the Senate, if they mean to assert the principle,
will seek some other occasion than this to do so.
Mr. RUSK. I shall vote against this amend-
ment, and I hope that the Senate will not adopt it.
I am satisfied the motive of the honorable Senator
in offering it is a laudable one, and if he will at any
time bring forward a proposition which accom-
plishes that object without getting us into worse
mischief, I will most cheerfully go with him for
the accomplishment of it. There are so many
agents employed about Congress that the term
" agent" has become unpopular. This is an evil,
3$
and it has its origin back in the carelessness of
Congress in providing the means for fulfilling the
treaties entered into, and making provision for pri-
vate claims against them. We nave now hun-
dreds of claims to which there is no sort of objec-
tion, lying on the table; and yet we cannot reach
one of those bills; and this constant delay is, in
my opinion, the cause of so many agents being
employed about the seat of Government, to the
annoyance of members of Congress.
What is the amendment of the Senator from
Wisconsin? Gentlemen say it is only to carry
out the treaty. Then there is no necessity,for it,
if that is all they want. The money is required
to be paid according to the treaty. If that is the
only effeet of it, it accomplishes nothing, except
that it is a reflection on the officers of the Treas-
ury, whose business it is to pay out this money
after the appropriation is made, because the rule
by which they are to pay it is the treaty. Then
it accomplishes nothing in that respect. I have
not investigated its bearing on the questions which
may arise here. I know something on this sub-
ject, and my own opinion is that this per capita
payment is one of the most corrupting things and
one of the worst policies that could be adopted
towards the Indians, and particularly such as are
in the condition of the Cherokees. They have
had for a number of years a regularly-organized
government—legislative, executive, and judicial—
going on pretty well, unless some cause was
thrown among them by these very treaties, to
produce ruptures and difficulties to which other
societies are frequently liable. The operation of
the amendment will m fact produce confusion,
and we can hardly see the operation of it. Is it
intended we shall send agents to collect the whole
Cherokee nation in one mass and pay them per
capita, amounting in every instance to a very small
sum? It would be practically no benefit to the
Indians, and a very serious inconvenience to us.
The practical result is to call them together to get
their small pittance; there are traders there from
every part of the country with intoxicating liquors,
| and everything of that sort; a drunken frolic would
: ensue among the Indians, five or six of them
would be killed, and the next morning a majority
of them would not know what had become of the
I money. Thus unlimited confusion would be pro-
duced. The question, then, is, whether it would
be better to introduce these means of corruption
among them, or give the money to their Governor
for the purpose of education, or something else of
■ general interest and profit to the Indians ?
The objection I have to the amendment of the
Senator from Wisconsin is, that we cannot tell
what will be its operation. The amendment of
the committee requires the accounting officers to
pay the amount ascertained to be due, and to pay
it under the treaty. The accounting officers will
of course comply with the terms of the treaty.
Hence the amendment, to the amendment is unne-
cessary. I have had no time to investigate it and
see what would be its effects, and therefore, for
fear that R might produce mischief in its practical
operation, and as it can give the Indians no fur-
ther security than they now have, I shall vote
against it.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall be allowed
to take the vote now. There are several other im-
portant amendments, and I am anxious that we
should get through the bill to-day.
Mr. WALKER. I am anxious the vote should
; be taken, but I wish to say a few words in view
of what was remarked by the Senator from South
Carolina, [Mr. Butler,] and what was said by
the Senator from Texas. We have nothing to do
with the policy of paying the Indians per capita or
in solidum, but we have to look at the treaty. W e
have treated to pay them per capita, and" the only
question is, whether we shall follow the treaty, or
make the payment in violation of the treaty, and
then be called upon to pay again, as we did not
pay according to the treaty stipulation.
The Senator from South Carolina says he would
much prefer that this money should be paid to the
1 delegates of these Indians now in the city of Wash-
ington, that they might take the money homeand
distribute it. We ought to look back to one warn-
ing on this subject. There was a treaty some years
ago with the Creek Indians, if I mistake not, which
bound the Government to pay a certain fund to
the Indians. The sum of #141,000 was left un-
paid, however, and during General Jackson's ad-
ministration that distinguished President ordered
that amount to be paid to the Governor of Georgia,
and at the very first session, when I had the honor
of first taking my seat here, that sum was reap-
propriated to the Indians. There is one example
we have of the consequence of violating a treaty
and paying the money in a manner different from
what the treaty stipulated.
Now, I wish to inquire of the Senator from South
Carolina, who is at the head of the Judiciary Com-
mittee, and from those in the Senate who are
learned in the law, if we should pay the money to
the delegates of these Indians now in Washington,
and they should be robbed on their way home, or
the money from any other cause should not reach
the Indians, would not this Government be in
honor and in law bound to make an appropriation
again ? It seems to me they would. And in case
the money should be lost, it seems to me there
would be a much stronger claim on the part of the
Indians for the reappropriation than there was on
the part of the Creek Indians for the reappropria-
tion of the $141,000 of which I have spoken.
And these robberies are rife in the country. We
have lately heard of an express car being robbed
between Philadelphia and Baltimore in broad day-
light, I believe, and the car locked up and under
superintendence of one of the most vigilant, of the
express agents. We hear of robberies, in every
direction, of the mails, of stage coaches, and of ex-
press wagons. I think the Government would in-
volve themselves in immense peril by paying this
money to arty delegation at all. We ought to pay it
according to the treaty.
Mr. CLAY. I am sorry to protract this dis-
cussion, which I think has occupied enough of
the time of the Senate; but I am opposed to the
amendment of the Senator from W isconsin, and
wish to assign my reasons. I was almost entirely
satisfied with what was urged by the Senator from
I Texas, [Mr. Resit.] We have stipulated to pay
I this money in a particular mode by a treaty. We
! appropriate it, and direct the accounting officers to
pay it, and the treaty directs how it is to be paid.
■ But there are other views of the question which
strike me. If the treaty is to be taken strictly,
that is to say, if the payment is to be made
per capita, to every individual entitled under
the appropriation, the consequence would be that
these Indians would come here to receive out of
the public Treasury their respective portions of
the fund. There is no part of the treaty which
stipulates that we shall send the money out there
and distribute it. The general stipulation is for
payment per capita. The question is, how is it
to be carried out? Two modes are suggested. One
is by agents of this Government; the other is by
agents whom the parties themselves have chosen.
A delegation of the Indians are here with full
powers, representing their whole nation, and pros-
ecuting this claim with authority to receive the
amount. Now, sir, shall we not trusttheseagents
whom the Indians themselves have trusted, rather
than an Indian agent who may happen to be at
some one of the posts near the Cherokee Indians?
I think it is evidently the most proper. This del-
egation are the agents of the Cherokees—the ac-
credited, acknowledged, and confided in agents.
They have come here to get this claim. They
have carried it through Congress; and the ques-
tion is whether we should pay it to these In-
dian agents or substitute agents of our own. It
is possible that there may be mistakes in any mode
of payment. It is possible that these Indian agents
might not pay to every one per capita, and it
might be so in the other case. But it is most likely
that the Indian agents would know every individ-
ual entitled to the payment, and would distribute
the money properly. If there be any doubts about
jheir powers, the accounting officers will not pay
