498
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 10,
it to them. If there be any doubts about the dis-
tribution, the accounting officers will place them
under proper bonds to pay. In any point of view,
it seems to me better for us, safer for the Treas-
ury, and right and proper in itself, tliat we should
confide in those Indian agents who have the con-
fidence of their nation, instead of substituting an
agent whom they never confided in. ;
Mr. TURNEY. I shall vote for the amend-
ment, and I wish to submit about half a dozen
words in order to express my reasons for so doing. 1
The first is, the treaty contemplates the paying of
this nation per capita, so that each individual In-
dian shall receive his proportion of the amount
due. The second is, that if this amendment is not
adopted, I am very well satisfied from the history
of the past that the mass of the common Indians
of the tribe will receive no portion of this fund. It
will go into the hands of those whom they term
chiefs. It is said they are honorable men, intelli-
gent, and well educated; all which may be true for
aught I know. I think it will go into their hands
ana the common Indians will not receive it, and
by and by these Indians will make a separate ap-
plication to Congress, and will urge and prove that,
while the treaty required that the payment should
be made per capila, it was not so paid, and that
they have never received their share.
1 understand a precedent has been established
by the accounting officer of the Treasury Depart-
ment that this fund may be paid out to the chiefs,
and I understand that it has been so paid in one
case at least, and that the money was appropriated
by the chiefs to the satisfaction of their private
debts. Is that complying with the treaty? Is
that paying to the Indians per capita, when it is
appropriated by accounting; officers either to the
chiefs or to their creditors in the discharge of their
individual debts? When they come and ask that
a sum shall be paid in addition, after it has been
thus disposed of by their chiefs for the payment of
their debts, and call our attention to the treaty,
how is Congress to refuse to pay them ?
I do not understand liow these gentlemen could
be agents for the nation. I understand they know
how to perpetrate as gross frauds as any people in
the world. I was told the other day that applica-
tion was made to Congress to pay a large amount
which had been obtained by collusion, and which
had been once paid wrongfully. The agent bad
obtained from the Indians a contract to receive
some seventy or eighty thousand dollars for es-
tablishing their right to a certain amount, which
had nevar been contested. Afterwards the chiefs
of the nation made a protest against its payment.
The superintendent, Mr. Armstrong, came and
protested, and under that Administration it was
not paid. The nation ascertained what had been
done, dismissed these chiefs and elected new ones,
and they sent on their protest against this payment.
But under the present or last Administration, if
we may term it so, it was paid. But application
will be made to refund it to the nation. I obtained
the history of this matter from an agent who is
acting in the prosecution of these claims. Is it
not time that, while we are thus appropriating
money to carry out in good faith the stipulations
of the treaty, it should be done in a manner to
gremote the interest of the Treasury of the United
tates as well as the interest of the Indians, and
not depend so much on the high honor or -the
learning of the Indian chiefs. I think we had bet-
ter take the treaty as it ig, and comply with it and
pay the common Indians who are entitled to re-
ceive their per capita. That is our contract, our
treaty; and being so, I shall vote for the amend-
ment of the Senator from Wisconsin with a view
to accomplish that object.
Mr. BELL. I have but one word to say in
reply to my colleague, with regard to the agents,
and I think if the matter were understood, better
it would save a great deal of discussion. The
treaty provides that this fund shall be paid per
capita, and it has not been the practice of the
Government to pay to the Indian chiefs any pro-
portion of the amount to carry into effect the
treaty. No member of the executive department
under this appropriation will pay to John Ross,
or his associates of the Western Cherokees, one
single cent of this money; they will never touch
it except as they are entitled to do it by the ex-
press terms of the treaty. They will pay to no
delegation in Washington; they will transport it
ft the charge of the Government, and it will cost
a Very handsome sum to carry it to Arkansas,
because it is to be taken in specie. Every cent
will be transported at the expense of the Govern-
ment to the Cherokee nation, and there it will be
placed in the hands of the agents of this Govern-
ment, and in the hands of no delegation or agents
of the Cherokees. The agent of that tribe, or the
superintendent of the district generally, will be re-
quired to pay over every cent per capita, accord-
ing to the treaty. We made an appropriation of
some one or two thousand dollars under this
treaty at the last session, and that portion, with
that which was passed with the recommendation
of the Committee on Finance, amounted to five or
six hundred thousand dollars, the whole balance
due the Western Cherokees. They had their
agents here, who showed Congress that they had
Eower to receive their percentage for their service
ere. When they failed in Congress they went
to the executive officers of the Government, and
they failed there, and could not get one single dol-
lar. But the whole amount of five or six hundred
thousand dollars—and the Senator from Arkansas
must know the fact—was transported at the ex-
pense of the Government, and paid into the hands
of the officers of this Government superintending
Indian affairs West, who was required to pay it
into the hands of the Indians per capita.
Sir, there is no risk and no danger of robbery
or thieves in the transportation. This has ever
been the practice of this Government, unless the
Superintendent of Indian Affairs or the agent takes
upon himself to be responsible here. But it has
never been paid to Indian chiefs, as my colleague
seems to suppose, nor to any delegation, unless
under a treaty which expressly authorized it. I
have heard of no case in which agents have been
paid a percentage by any officer where the treaty
required it should be paid per capita.
i Mr. TURNEY. I will give to my colleague the
information I have upon the subject. I had a con-
I versation with the Second Auditor, who told me
that what I have stated was the fact—that a decis-
ion was made by the Secretary of the Interior,
when the Senator from Ohio was in that office,
under which decision was paid thisper capita fund,
so as to "apply it to the individual debts of the
! chiefs of the nation; and he informed me that he
1 would make a recommendation, or that he thought
Congress should make a law forbidding officers to
I allow any such claim. A decision has recently
j been made by the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
| in relation to a similar question, and a question
which has arisen under that decision is now pend-
i ing before the Second Comptroller. It is upon
this information that I have made this statement;
but if the facts are as my colleague has stated, all
that I desire is accomplished.
Mr. BELL. My opinion is that all which my
colleague wishes is accomplished by the treaty and
i the practice of the Government, and I must still
think that my colleague is mistaken with regard to
i the statement he has made respecting the money
■ having been for the benefit of the chiefs of the
nation. He may have alluded to the Indians in
1 North Carolina, because all these agents come to
the head of Indian Affairs, and want resolutions
offered here, and want aid in getting their funds.
I heard that the accounting officers of the Treasury
were willing to pay the North Carolina Indians,
upon the ground that the agents had the power of
attorney from every individual in the nation in
; writing. I heard they were likely to do it, or at
( least were considering whether they would do it.
I do not know whether they did it. It is possible
that is the case to which my colleague refers.
After that power of attorney had been given, Con-
gress passed a law that no payment should be
made by power of attorney. I was opposed to
the law at the time, for it was an act of gross in-
justice to the Indians west of the Mississippi; but
it was an act of Congress, and there was no treaty
in reference to that appropriation. The basis of
that appropriation to the North Carolina Indians
was an act of Congress under the treaty of 1835.
What the specific treaty of 1835 was, I do not
remember; but that of 1846 requires that payment
should be made per capita, and I repeat there is
no danger so far as I know. I know the execu-
tive officers of the Government are not thinking of
paying this money to the Indians. It goes to the '
agents of the Government for the Cherokees, or
the Superintendent of the Western Indians gen-
erally, and will be paid out per capita on their 1
responsibility, this Government being responsible
that these officers shall pay the money per capita,
according to the treaty. Since the last session of
Congress, some §500,000 has been thus paid out,
and there never has been any danger. I think,
therefore, the amendment is a mere act of superer-
ogation .
Mr. EWING. The statement of the Senator
from Tennessee [Mr. Tuhney] is incorrect with
respect to the payment having been made in the
I manner and under the circumstances he states. It
i is, like all that kind of loose information, not
j worth a straw. The payments he speaks of were
i made according to the law and treaty. How, I can-
;J not now explain, because I cannot remember every
j' legal proposition I have considered and decided
II within a few years past. It cannot be expected
that I should do so. But it had no relation to the
! state of things existing in this case. It was a to-
tally different thing. There is a confusion of ideas
\ in respect to the whole matter. It would, I have
1 no doubt, be easy to demonstrate the perfect cor-
'! rectness of the payment referred to, if the case
were given and the papers before us. It is very
clear to my mind that in this case no amendment
| of the kind proposed is necessary. The treaty
j provides that the payment should be made in a
! particular manner per capita. Now, if we provide
a fund out of which this is to be paid, the Execu-
! tive will see that the payment is made according to
: the treaty. We need not direct how it is to be
I done. If,at any time and under any circumstances,
there have been executive officers who have not
done their duty, which is highly probable, what
has that to do with the form of this appropriation ?
i If they violate a treaty they can violate a law also,
and a double provision is no better than a single
one, if, as in this case, it be explicit. But the spe-
cial case which the Senator brings forward as a
warning to us to be particular in our appropria-
tion, as far as I remember and believe, never ex-
isted, or anything that touches or approaches it.
Then, Mr. President, the better way, in my
opinion, is to make the appropriation here, in the
manner proposed by the Committee on Finance.
It has been well considered by them. The execu-
tive officers by it are required to carry out the
treaty and make the payment according to it. And
they are required to do another thing—to obtain a
release and make this a payment in full. They
are to obtain such a release as will be satisfactory
to the Secretary of the Interior. Now, shall we
go on and tell that Secretary how he is to pay or
now to get the release; or had we not better leave
it to the executive officers, who understand these
things, and know how it can be done effectually
and satisfactorily to the Indians and the Govern-
ment? I think it is better to leave it just as it is.
The provision made by the Committee on Finance
is, I think, everything that is necessary as a guide
to the executive officers in carrying out the treaty,
j Air. TURNEY. The Senator from Ohio thinks
1 there is a great confusion of ideas, and that my
| statement is wholly incorrect. I do not know
1 what may be the confusion of ideas. I am certain,
I however, of one thing: I have not added anything
j to that confusion. I have made a plain statement
of fact, as communicated to me on yesterday even-
ing by the Second Auditor of the Treasury; and
whether it was this identical case or not, that was
the case according to liis account. I take him to
be a gentleman who would be incapable of making
a false representation, and hence I place implicit
; confidence in the facts he communicates to me. It
was a Case of a per capita fund being applied to the
payment of the debts of Indian chiefs. Now, that
was done, according to the account of this officer,
f under the Senator from Ohio, when he was Secre-
i tary of the Interior.
Mr. EWING. I would be glad to know the
case, and when it was done. It is not within my
memory.
| Mr. TURNEY. I have not the name of the
case. He went on to inform me that his object
i was to procure the passage of a law upon this sub-
ject, to prevent this species of speculation upon
i the Indians, and preserve to them a fund which
1 by treaty belongs to them. And, in presenting
the reasons why such a provision should be made
by law, gave me these facts; and, in addition to
that, he said the present Commissioner of Indian
Affairs had passed just such a case of a per capita
fund, directing it to be paid out for the benefit of
the chiefs, under the decision made while the Sen-
