1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
499
ator was Secretary of the Interior; and that he had i
rejected it upon the ground that they had not the
power thus to appropriate it; and the question was
pending before the becond Comptroller, and pos-
sibly it would be carried before the Attorney
General. Now, these were the reasons, these
were the facts communicated to me. Whether ,
they are false or true, is a question depending upon j
the Senator from Ohio and the Second Auditor. I
do not know how that is. i
But certainly no injury can result from the
adoption of the proposed amendment. Take it in
any light you please, it can be but a guard thrown
around the ignorant Indians to protect them—not
the chief whom we hare had described as a chief
with all his attainments and with all his character-
Not him, for I take it for granted he will protect
himself. But all the guards thrown around this
fund are to protect the ignorant Indians—and there
are many of them in the nation, unless they have
been educated since they left their old residence in
Tennessee and Georgia. If the object of this
amendment is to transfer the fund to the agent to
distribute among the Indians, why oppose it? Can
it do any harm ? Can it prejudice the rights of the
common Indian? Will it enable these executive
officers to give the fund a different direction? Is
not its only tendency and effect to guard and pro-
tect the interests of the common Indians? This
amendment can do no injury, as my colleague and
the Senator from Ohio supposes. I think it ought
to be adopted. I have given the practice as I un-
derstand it has been, and the source of my inform-
ation; and I must say to the Senate, in the dec-
laration of that officer, as an officer and a man,
and as a gentleman, I have implicit confidence.
Believing, therefore, in this abuse having been
practiced by the officers of the Government in vio- 1
lation of the treaty, I am disposed to vote for the '
amendment to protect the interests of the Indians.
Mr. EWING. I did not at all dispute that the
Senator from Tennessee had obtained his inform-
ation from the Second Auditor. I have no doubt
of that at all. But whether he understood the
Auditor exactly or not,J am unable to say; or
whether the Auditor understood exactly the facte :
and the legal point decided, I do not know. But, j
■where there has been a decision upon a treaty, or j
upon the law, it would have been better perhaps,
before advancing a position of that kind in the
Senate, to have examined the treaty and the law,
and the decision, so as to see what the decision
was, and what the elements which compose it.
Then there would be no mistake. We cannot
always get at the point of a judicial decision, the
judgment of a court, by merely getting the state-
ment made by A to B, and then making B the
reporter at second-hand. Such a report would
hardly be taken as authority in a court of justice.
If my conjecture is right as to the case referred to,
the fact is entirely the reverse of what has been
stated, although 1 cannot perfectly remember and
state it in its details. But I am satisfied that it is
not what was stated by the Second Auditor to the
Senator from Tennessee, and by him repeated
here, but as remote from it as possible; that it was
a case where there were debts of individual In-
dians, assumed by the nation, and the decision
was that the assumption was good. I suppose
that to be the case, but I do not know certainly.
Indeed I do not know what the Second Auditor
had in mind, or what the Senator from Tennessee i
has, but that I suppose to be it. However, there
is nothing within my knowledge or recollection
like that which has been presented. No case in
which an annuity provided by treaty to be paid to
the individual Indian per capita was ordered by
me as Secretary of the Interior to be paid, other-
wise than as directed by the treaty. If there be
any such case it has not left a trace on ray mem-
ory.
Mr. BADGER. I desire to offer an amendment
if it is in order.
The PRESIDENT. The amendment of the ,
Senator from Wisconsin is an amendment to the
amendment, so that it is not in order.
Mr. BADGER. I will then take the liberty to j
suggest that the amendment of the Senator from
Wisconsin makes it imperative upon the officers
of the Government who have charge of this money
in every instance to pay it directly to the Indians.
I can readily perceive there may be cases in which
it would be no favor, but on the contrary an
injury to have it paid in that manner. I haTe ,
reason to be satisfied that, with regard to the Cliero- ] [
kees who live in my State, it is highly important j
that the Secretary of the Interior should have dis-
cretionary power to appoint public agents to make
the payment into the hands of the individual In-
dians who are entitled to receive it. And I shall
propose, when it is in order, an amendment which,
instead of making it imperative, as the amendment
of the Senator from Wisconsin does, shall provide
that the money shall, in such cases as the Secre-
tary of the Interior shall think proper, be paid di-
rectly to the individual Indians entitled according
to the treaty.
Mr. BORLAND. I desire to say a word or
two with regard to a single point which has been
made in this discussion, which I thought not very
pertinent to the occasion. It relates to the fees
paid to agents for attending to these claims. But
since the subject has come up, it has occurred
to me that we might as well ascertain what the
amount would be in this particular case. The
amount provided to be paid by the amendment is
$724,000, in round numbers. The interest upon
it at five percent, will amount to $435,000, making
an aggregate of $1,179,000. The attorneys' fees
woula be probably, in round numbers, $45,000.
The Senator from Tennessee stated that the com-
l pensation of these agents was very small, they
making but about four per cent, on the amount.
That is something like $45,000 on the whole. '
Mr. BELL. I said nothing about the amount,
for I did not know what it was.
Mr. BORLAND. Some Senator stated it, and
it will be seen that if the money is to be paid to an
agent, the fee will amount to about $45,000.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I shall support the
amendment of the Senator from Wisconsin, and I
I wish to state the reason why I shall do so. With
some knowledge of Indian character, I can say
that as long as they are in their wild state, that is,
when they are not corrupted by their intercourse j
with the whites, one of their virtues is the pay- '
ment of their debts, and I think they retain that
virtue even after they become semi-civilized. 1
have seldom known annuities paid to Indians in-
dividually, where each individual received his
amount per capita, and where the creditors of any
■ one of them were present, that the individual did
\ not pay whatever was justly due to those creditors. ,
On the other hand, a very great injury always oc-
curs to individual Indians from the payment of
annuities to chiefs to be paid over by them. If
money is paid to the individual himself, he will
probably pay his just creditors, and if he does
! not, we are not the guardians of their creditors.
Mr. TURNEY called for the yeas and nays on
the amendment to the amendment, and they were
ordered, and being taken, were— j
YEAS—Messrs. Baldwin, Benton, Borland, Bright, '
Chase, CJarke, Davis of Mississippi, Dodge of Wisconsin, j
Dodge of Iowa, Downs, Fetch, llainlin, Houston, \orris, '
Seward, Spruance, Turney, Underwood, Walker, Whit-
comb, and Vuiee—2L. [
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Berrien, Butler, Clay, ,
Cooper, Dawson,Ewing, Foote,Greene, Gwin, Hale, Hun-
ter, Jones, King, Mason, Miller, Morton, Pearce, Phelps,
Pratt, Rusk, Smith, Sturgeon, and Wales—35. ^
So it was not agreed to.
Mr. BADGER. I now offer the amendment
which I indicated before, leaving the words of the
amendment, which was offered by the Senator
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Walker,] as far as "ap-
propriate," after which insert the following:
Provided, That the money hereby appropriated may, in
such cases as the Secretary of the Interior shall think prop-
er, be paid directly to the Indian or Indians entitled thereto,
by on agent to be appointed by the said Secretary.
Mr. WALKER. I wish to inquire by what
vote it will be necessary to adopt that, if it is
adopted at all. If it is an amendment to the treaty
I think it will require a two-thirds vote.
Mr. BADGER. I only desire to reduce to a
certainty what I think needs explanation. As I
stated to die Senate when I intimated that I would
offer this amendment, I have reason to know that, I
in the Departments, it is a matter of doubt whether
they have the power to appoint agents for the
purpose of making this payment directly to the
Indians. I want to settle that question.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The question then recurred upon the amend-
ment reported by the committee,
Mr. BADGER. I wish to inquire of my friend
from Virginia whether, if this money is paid in
full, and the Indians bind themselves that they will
make no further claims, they shall give security,
or whether we shall trust to their honor?
Mr. HUNTER. That is proposed to be left
for the Secretary of the Interior to settle.
Mr. BORLAND. I would like to understand if
the action of this Congress is to bind all future
Congresses, so that no future claim can be paid ?
Mr. BADGER, (in his seat.) It binds the In-
dians not to come here.
Mr. BORLAND. Can this Congress bind the
Indians, and make an appropriation to satisfy a
claim arising under a treaty which will prevent
any future Congress from making an investigation
of claims, or prevent any Indians from coming
here ?
Mr. BADGER, (in his seat.) It will be inde-
cent for them to come.
Mr. BORLAND. The Senator says it will be
indecent for them to come. I do not understand
that we are basing our legislation here upon the
future decency of the Indians, or their sense of
honor. We are to settle this matter according to
the terms of the treaty. We have taken steps to
ascertain what is due, but I do not understand that
we shall preclude other Indians from bringing their
claims here in the future.
Mr. HUNTER. It is not supposed that we
can bind the action of any future Congress, but
we can bind the action of the Indians, if they
choose to sign a release, and it is proposed they
shall do it in a manner satisfactory to the Secretary
of the Interior. It was supposed he would be bet-
ter able to suggest the mode than we ourselves;
and for one I see nothing wrong or improper
in obtaining such a release. We have had these
accounts audited and settled. I believe we have
already paid the Indians more than they are enti-
tled to under the treaty stipulations, or upon prin-
ciples of equity. But the Senate decided differ-
ently, and that we were bound to pay an amount
greater than I supposed we were bound to pay;
and they decided that, upon whatever was paid,
the interest must also be paid from 1838 up to the
time of payment. The amendment limits that last
item, because it prescribes the time within which
the Indians shall draw the money, or not have the
interest. I do not see how the appropriation can
be better guarded.
I Mr. BORLAND. The Senator from Virginia
! has made a point with respect to which I differ
with him materially. He thinks the appropria-
tion is more than we owe. I think it is less, and
for one should be willing to take up other claims.
I am perfectly satisfied that a large amount is due,
in addition to this, which should have been paid
, long ago. If the view of the Senator from Vir-
ginia is correct, that we ought to exact a bond
i from these Indians, that they will not come upon
us for any additional claim, it demonstrates the
propriety of the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin just now; because, if we
take the obligation from anybody, it should be
from those to whom the money is paid. I think it
shows conclusively that the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin ought to have been adopted.
Mr. HUNTER. The amendment does not
prescribe to the Secretary of the Interior how he
shall pay, or to whom, or by what agent; it
leaves him to carry out th  words of the treaty,
presuming he will understand the treaty, and how
it should De executed. I know of no instance in
which, in an appropriation bill, we have under-
taken to prescribe to the Secretary how lie shall
carry out a treaty. It is to be presumed he will
understand his duty, and will discharge it.
Mr. BRIGHT. There are two points about
which I should like to be satisfied before I vote
for this appropriation. The first is, that we owe
the money; and the second, that the persons to
whom we owe it will actually receive it under the
law. I could be much more easily satisfied about
i the first than the second. I believe these Indians
have been harshly dealt by, but nevertheless I
think the history of the legislation of this country
shows they have been most generously paid. But,
, I say, about the first proposition I might be easily
1 satisfied; about the second, I fear I cannot. I
would like to have some assurance that this mon-
ey, when appropriated, will be received by the in-
dividuals for whom it is designed; that it will not
go int  the pockets of men who bring an outside
pressure on the legislation of the country. I can
see no good reason why the amendment should
