500
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 10.
not provide, when this money is appropriated, that
it actually goes to the pockets of the individuals
entitled to it. It is said the Secretary of the Inte-
rior Will provide against any evil on that score. I
fear not. I fear the same interest that I spoke of,
which has been brought to bear upon similar
claims, may be brought on this case. I know
nothing of this case particularly. I do not know
who press it. 1 do not know whether there are
agents connected with it. But 1 know there have
been cases of a similar character, where the money
neverreached the pockets of the Indians, but went
into the pockets of men who were interested in
hunting up these claims and ferreting them out,
that they and the agents may profit by them, and
not the Indians. I say I do not know that this is
one of that class of cases; but I do not see any
good reason why we should not provide against
it for fear it may be, and the amendment of the
Senator from Wisconsin would provide against
this evil.
Mr. FOOTE. I simply rise for the purpose of
moving an adjournment. It is quite a late hour,
and there seems to be no possibility of coming to
any action on the bill.
Several Senators. Oh no!
Mr. FOOTE. Well, then, I withdraw the mo-
tion.
Mr. PEARCE. I do not rise for the purpose
of making a speech, but to state n single fact. This
amendment requires a release from the Indians
which shall be satisfactory to the Secretary of the
Interior, so that we may not be troubled again. In
a conversation between myself and young Ross,
he said that his tribe would be perfectly satisfied
with the amount provided by this amendment. It
is just the same as was passed the last session by
this body, but was lost in the other House. He
said also that the Indians would be perfectly satis-
fied to bind themselves to make no further claims.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, called for the yeas
and nays on the amendment, and they were or-
dered, and, being taken, were:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger. Baldwin, Bell, Benton, Ber-
rien, Borland, Butler, Clarke, Clay, Cooper, Dawson,
Downs, Ewing, Foote, Houston, Hunter, Jones, Kin , Ma-
aon; Miller, Morton, Pearce, Phelps. Pratt, ltu.sk, Sevvard,
Smith, Soule, Spruance, Underwood, and Wales—31.
NAYS—Mes9rs. Bradbury, Briffht, Chase, Divlg of Mis-
sissippi. Dod^e of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Gwin, Ham-
lin, Norris, Turney, Walker, Whitcomb. and Yulee—13.
So it was agreed to.
The next amendment proposed by the commit-
tee is to insert the following item:
" For expenditures incident to the issuing of the ten mil-
lions stock for Texas indemnity, ten thousand dollars."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I received this morning, since
the bill was called up, an estimate from the War
Department founded upon a mistake formerly
made. One is in relation to the pay of the Texas
volunteers. I propose to strike out the words
" for the pay of Texas volunteers called into ser-
vice by the requisition of Brevet Major General
Brooke, $156,424," and insert the following:
" For tile pay of the several companies anil the expenses
of the three companies of the Texas volunteers called into
the service by the requisition of Brevet Maj. Ren. Brooke,
$233,934 33."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. There is a similar amend-
ment in relation to the four companies of volun-
teers called into the service in New Mexico by
Brevet Lieut. Col. Washington, in the year 1849.
I propose to strike out §18,410 80 and insert
$35,530 20, so as to read $35,530 20. This, too,
was an error in the original estimate, not having
included transportation and subsistence.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. YULEE. I have an amendment to offer
in the phraseology of a part of the bill, without
increasing the amount appropriated. It is to make
the provision for the payment of certain troops in
Florida conform to the phraseology of a bill for
the same purpose passed at the last session. I learn
from the other House that it is necessary, to ena-
ble the intention to be carried out. I believe there
is no objection made by the chairman of the com-
mittee.
The amendment is as follows:
In line 209, page 9, after the word " forty-nine," insert:
" Under such rules and regulations as have heretofore gov-
erned the adjustment of simitar claims of the several States
on the United States, for moneys advanced and paid, and
ftir expenses incurred and obligations contracted by said
Stats, for subsistence, supplier, and service of local tfoops
called into service during the year 1849, by and under au-
thority of said State."
The amendment was agreed to.
' Mr. BORLAND. I have an amendment which
I desire to offer, to come in after line 153:
For liquidated balance found due the Creek Indians for
losses sustained during the last war with Great Britain, by
that portion of the tribe that was friendly to and cooperated
with the United States, in accordance witli the promise of
the Government, $110,417 90."
Mr. BADGER. I desire to inquire whether
that amendmeut is in order under the rules ?
Mr. HUNTER. It is in order. It is an esti-
mate which was made in the Department, but was
omitted in the House of Representatives and in the
Finance Committee. It is a very old transaction,
and involves many considerations, commencing in
1814, and the payment was made in 1818. It will
take some time to enter into an examination of it
now. I had supposed it was designed to wait,
and not introduce this amendment until the Indian
bill came up. I have not examined the claim very
fully, and would rather reserve my opinion with
regard to it.
Mr. BORLAND. The amendment is in order,
I presume, for it is one of the regular amendments
of the Department. The suggestion of the Senator
from Virginia, that it is an old transaction, is not,
in my opinion, any argument against its payment.
If the claim has been a long time due, I think
that, instead of lessening our obligations to pay,
it increases them just in 'proportion to the time
which it has been delayed. As the Senator has
suggested, it would take some time to go fully into
the explanation of the subject, and therefore I will
state that, in my opinion, it is perfectly germane
and proper as a part of the deficiency bill, because
it is intended to supply a deficiency in a former
appropriation. As far back as 1818 an appropria-
| tion was made, these claims were investigated, and
not quite half was paid—the appropriation notbeing
sufficient to pay the whole amount of the claims
which were established, and they were paid in the
proportion of $800 for every $2,000.
The fact that these individuals have been kept
out of their money since 1818 for their services in
the late war with Great Britain, I think, consti-
tutes a high and imperative obligation on the Gov-
ernment to make compensation now, and not to
J delay any longer. I am not aware that these In-
i dians have had any agents here to urge their
j claims, and I will state simply the reason why I
j advocate them. There is but a single case that I
| know of in my State. It is the case of an old
woman, the widow of an old Indian chief, Joseph
Fletcher, who was friendly to the United States
during the war with Great Britain. During the
j war he suffered and lost his property, so as to
] break him up and destroy the little means he had.
j He had engaged in the war under the promise
from the Government or its officers that he should
be compensated. Strong exertions were made to
break off these Indians from their friendly relations
towards the United States, but the agents of the
Government told them to remain firm and faithful,
and that they should be compensated for all their
losses and all the injuries they sustained. Trust-
ing to the promises thus made to them, they re-
mained faithful, and in some cases they suffered
the loss of all their property. When in 1818
their claims were pressed, a proportion was paid,
but not enough to cover the ascertained amount
by half; but, as is stated, it was paid in the pro-
portion of $800 for every $2,000. They have
waited patiently, and not been clamorous in their
demands. But this matter has been brought for-
ward at different times, and, I am sorry to say,
has been rejected. Last Spring, in May, 1850,
the then Commissioner of Indian Affairs, Mr.
Brown, addressed a letter to the chairman of the
Committee on Indian Affairs, which letter is in
the appendix to the report of the present Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, explaning this whole
matter, and stating all the facts and arguments.
Based upon the facts of that report, the present
Commissioner has renewed the recommendation,
and the Department has adopted this appropria-
tion to meet the balance due. It is not a claim to
be ascertained, but it is already ascertained, and
the payment of it stands pledged.
Mr. HUNTER. There are more doubts in rela-
tion to this claim than the Senator from Arkansas
seems to imagine. The question is whether it
was a claim or whether it was a donation, and it .
j i is a question how far these agents can t .ind th,
Government without the authority of P-mgra-
But I will not undertake to decide "that, because 1
suppose it will come up in another bill Then
there is a question whether the eighty thousand
dollars w^s not given as a gratuity,~and -s a fuP
discharge of all claims It is stated ilut Mr
Hawkins assumed the amount due at c.100,000
Congress has paid 585,000, and that amount wa'-
distributed on the same principle that wedmri'iuted
other claims upon ourselves or foreig.i n.ition;
When the amount was unliquidated we have paid
or agreed to receive a certain sum, in lieu of
all demands, to be distributed pro rata run- ngst tiu-
claimants. We say the same respecting c laims m
our citizens upon Mexico, and especially may wv
say it if this was a gratuity to satisfy t'icni, deal-
ing with them as we were with a weak anJ de
pendent tribe. But I hope the Senator from Ar-
kansas will not press his amendment here, but
reserve it for the Indian bill.
Mr. BORLAND. I do not like to withdraw
the amendment, and I am sorry to see so much
t opposition to it. I was really in hopes that the
amendment was so obviously proper m itself, that
it would meet with the concurrence of the Senate
Should it be rejected, I shall endeavor to bring it
up hereafter.
But the Senator says that the estimate of Haw-
kins, the Indian agent, was that $100,000 would
be enough to cover all the losses. That was a
mere guess, if I may so say, and did not bind the
action of the Government at all, nor of the In
dians. The promise made at the time was not a
positive promise, but such an assurance as that
they, trusting to the good faith of the Govern-
i jnent of the united States, under representations
i; made by its officers, agreed to sign the treaty on
condition that this application and this statement
( should be sent on with the treaty, and be consid-
i ered at the time the treaty was adopted. The es-
| timate of Mr. Hawkins that $100,000 would cover
: all, did not affect the rights of individuals. He
1 was mistaken, for when the officers of the Gov-
ernment went into an investigation of the matter,
they clearly found that $100,000 was not enough
by one half; and only $85,000 was appropriated
The balance now necessary to make up the defi-
ciency is $110,000. Because Mr. Hawkins made
a mistake in the amount necessary to be paid, we
should not refuse to pay what was actually lost
It has been estimated item by item, as any one
will see who looks into the affair, and upon good
evidence, such as satisfied those who examined
it, that these articles were lost, making up the
amount claimed.
Mr. PEARCE. This is no claim of right by
these individuals. If it was it would have been
! inserted in the treaty. But the Indian agent
I thought proper, at the time the treaty was being
negotiated, to say to the Indians that no doubt the
United States Government would indemnify them
for losses sustained at the hands of hostile troops.
The Indians, therefore, relied upon this, and ex-
pected from the bounty of the Government indem-
nity of some sort. The losses were estimated at
$100,000, and four years after the treaty was made
Congress appropriated the sum of $85,000, which
in their judgment was a full settlement of any
might upon their bounty, which these Indians
claim under the circumstances advance. In 1824,
I think, another claim was set up for further lib-
erality. The matter was referred to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means in the House of Repre
sentatives, which reported against it, and it was
refused. I do not know that it has ever been
pressed since, and it seems to me that after thi-
lapse of time, after Congress has given what they
thought proper as a gratuity, it is rather too late
now to ask more. I hope it will not be adopted
The amendment was not agreed to.
The bill as amended was then reported to the
Senate.
Mr. TURNEY. I would ask the chairman of
the Committee on Finance to explain the amend
meat making the appropriation for contingent ex-
penses of the office of Indian Affairs.
Mr. HUNTER. The Commissioner of Indian
Affairs sent a letter giving an account of money
expended by his predecessors, amounting to $922,
and the amendment covers the arrearages which
were found to be due. The letter contained a bill
of particulars, showing the matters for which the)
were expended.
