1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
501
The amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole were concurred in.
Mr. PEA.RCE. I desire to amend the bill by
striking out the following: " For thirty-seven tem-
porary clerks in the office of the Commissioner of
Pensions, required in consequence of the passage
of the act of 28th September, 1850, from 1st Octo-
ber, 1853, to 30th June, 1851, one clerk at the rate
of $1,600 per annum, one clerk at the rate of $1,400
per annum, and for thirty-five clerks at $3 33g per
day, $29,950;" and inserting what I send to the
Chair. I wish to offer it in consequence of a cor-
rection in the estimates made by the Department
of the Iuterior. In consequence of the passage of
the act of the 28th September last, it was neces-
sary to employ temporary clerks in the Pension
Office. The item which I propose to strike out
provides for the employment of a temporary clerk
at $1,600, and one at $1,400 per annum. The
amendment proposes to have no temporary clerks
at such salaries.
The amendment is as follows:
" For temporary clerks in the Pension Office, in addition
to the balance of appropriation now on hand, $32,933 27:
ProMci, That said temporary clerks shall not be allowed
mote than S3 3S}£ per day."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WALKER. 1 wish to offer an amend-
ment, to come in at the same place with the amend-
ment I proposed before, as follows:
" Proru!ci. That the money appropriated in this item
shall be paid in strict conformity with the treaty with said
Indians oi' 6th August, 184S."
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were then ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
IN HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Tuesday, February 11, 1851.
The House met at twelve o 'clock, m. The Jour-
nal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. EVANS having obtained the floor 
Mr. JONES rose to a privileged question. He
moved to reconsider the vote by which the House
had yesterday adopted the resolution proposed by j
the gentleman from Texas, [Mr. Howard,] to !
settle the accounts of the late David S. Kaufman, 1
a member of the House of Representatives, au- '
thorizing the Speaker to pay those accounts up to
the end of the present session. He (Mr. J.) was
satisfied that the House had no right to pass such
a resolution. The law prescribed what should be
the compensation 
Mr. INGE rose to a question of order. He be-
lieved that the regular business, the special order i
—the Board of Accounts—took precedence of the j
privileged motion made by the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Jones.]
The SPEAKER stated that it would. j
Mr. INGE called for the regular order of busi-
ness.
Mr. EVANS complained that the gentleman
from Tennessee had taken the floor from him, and
subsequently the gentleman from Alabama had
moved the regular order of business, he (Mr. E.)
still retaining the floor. He held that that motion
could not be made until he had yielded the floor.
He would, therefore, ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a joint resolution, which
was read for information, as follows:
I Mr. INGE having withdrawn his call for the
! regular order of business,
| Mr. JOHNSON moved that the report in ques-
j tion be printed, and laid on the table for the use of
! the House.
! The motion was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. YOUNG, by unanimous con-
sent, leave was granted to withdraw from the files,
for the purpose of transmission to the proper De-
partment, the petition and papers of Mary Wilson,
the widow of Thomas Wilson, for a pension.
DEFICIENCY APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message was received from the Senate by Mr.
Dickens, their Secretary, returning the deficiency
appropriation bill withsundry amendments; which,
On motion by Mr. BAiLY, by unanimous
consent, was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
A short time afterwards another message was
received from the Senate, asking for the return of
the bill, on account of some informality. It was
returned. Subsequently it was again received from
the Senate, ana referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. INGE renewed his call for the regular or-
! der of business.
BOARD OF ACCOUNTS.
; The SPEAKER stated that the regular order of
: business was the consideration of the report of the
Committee of the Whole on the special order, be-
i ing a bill to establish a Board of Accounts. The
pending question was on agreeing to the amend- j
ments reported by the Committee of the Whole '
on the state of the Union, on which question the
previous question had been demanded.
Mr. INGE inquired whether this day had not
been set apart for the consideration of the business
of the District of Columbia?
The SPEAKER stated that it had been, and
that when the previous special order had been dis-
posed of it would be the next business in order;
but that the special order, the Board of Accounts,
took precedence of any other business.
Mr. INGE said, that if the previous question
received a second, it would then take but a short
time to dispose of the bill. But if it was not sec-
onded, he would then move to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of the special order until to-
j Mr. DUER rose for information. He said that
, he wished if possible to save this bill, and to put it
in a shape in which it might pass. He wished to
inquire of the Chair whether, if the previous ques-
tion was reconsidered, it would then be it order to
move an amendment to the original bill, like that
which he had moved in Committee of the Whole,
viz: that this board in their decision's shall be
governed by the established principles of law and
equity ?
The SPEAKER replied, that an amendment
would be in order under the practice of the House.
Mr. BURT wished to know whether, suppos-
ing the previous question was reconsidered, the
qustion would not be first on the amendment re-
ported by the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union ? and whether if that amendment
should be voted down, it would not then be in
order to amend the original bill ?
The SPEAKER stated that the gentleman from
South Carolina was correct in his statement of
the question as it was pending, but the Chair
would remind the gentleman, as the Journals of
the House would show, that the practice had long
existed in this House that where a committee re-
ported various amendments, the Chair entertained
an amendment either to the original bill or to any
of the pending amendments. Such a practice was
rather an innovation on the correct parliamentary
proceeding, but it was nevertheless well established
by the usage of the House.
Mr. DUER moved to reconsider the vote on
ordering the main question, and gave notice that
if the motion prevailed he should then move his
amendment.
Mr. VINTON inquired whether, if the vote was
reconsidered, the second to the previous question
could be reconsidered ?
The SPEAKER replied, that where the vote
ordering the main question to be now put was re-
considered, it was a reconsideration of the second.
The second is a mere appendage to ordering the
main question to be now put, and is reconsidered
by the motion reconsidering the main question.
The question was then taken on Mr. Diter.'s
motion to reconsider the vote by which the main
question was ordered to be now put; and it was
not agreed to.
,, - , , , The question recurred on the amendments re-
morrow, and that the House proceed to take up the „ ported ?rom the Committee of the Whole on the
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representative* of
the United States of Jlmerica in Congress assembled, Thai
so much of the act passed September 30,1850, as provides
for the extension of the Capitol, bo and the same is hereby
repealed.
Mr. INGE, objected, and the resolution was not
received.
Mr. INGE renewed his call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, requested the
gentleman from Alabama to suspend his call for
the regular order of business, in order that he
(Mr. J.) might introduce a resolution to have the
report of the Committee on Indian Affairs printed
for the use of members of the House. It was a
report of the very highest importance and neces-
sity, in regard to the whole of our Indian relations,
and he hoped that the House would consent to
have it printed, that it might be laid on the table
for the use of the House. If this was not done,
when the Indian appropriation bills come up, the
House would be compelled to act in ignorance.
business of the District of Columbia.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, inquired if the
call of the committees for reports was not the first
business in order?
The SPEAKER said that the special order
must first be disposed of before any other busi-
i ness would be in order.
j The previous question having received a sec-
| ond, the main question was ordered, which main
question was first on agreeing to the first amend -
1 ment reported by the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER stated that the first amendment
reported by the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union was to strike out the first sec-
tion of the bill and insert in lieu thereof the bill
reported by the gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. Daniel.]
Mr. ASHMUN rose to ask, in order that the
House might vote understanding^, if the House
should reject the amendment proposed by the gen-
tleman from North Carolina, the first section
would not stand as originally reported by the
committee as it came from the Senate ?
The SPEAKER said that such would be the
case. All the amendments to the first section
of the original bill were lost, and the substitute
for that section being reported the committee did
not report them to the House. The committee
had reported two amendments to the House; the
one to strike out the first section and insert the
bill reported by the gentleman from North Caro-
lina, [Mr. Daniel,] and the other to strike out
the remaining sections of the bill to make it con-
form to the first amendment. It appeared to the
Chair that there would be no impropriety in tak-
ing the question on both these amendments at
once, for the last was dependent on the first. If
there were no objection, to save time, the ques-
tion would be propounded on agreeing to both
amendments at the same time. The question was
really between the original bill and the bill report-
ed by the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Daniel.]
state of the Union.
1 Mr.McLEAN, of Kentucky, called for the yeas
and nays; which were ordered, and being taken,
resulted—yeas 85, nays 106—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Averett, Bay, Beale, Bell,
Bingham, Bowlin, Boyd, William J. Brown, Buel, Joseph
Cable, Campbell, Cartter, Clarke, Daniel, Danner, Dim-
mick, Disney, Doty, Durkee, Rliot, Alex. Evans, Feather-
I ston, Fitch, Fowler, Fuller, (.'entry, (Jerry. Giddings, Gil-
more, Gorman, Hall, Hamilton, Haralson, Harlan, Isham
G. Harris, Thomas I.. Harris, Hibbard, Hoagland, Inge,
Joseph W. Jackson, Andrew Johnson, La S6re, Leffler,
Littlefield, Job Mann, Mason, McDowell, McLana-
lian, McMullen, Morris, Morrison, Olds, Otis, Outlaw,
| Parker, Peaslee, Penn, Phelps, Potter, Richardson, Rob-
bins, Robinson, Ross. Sackett, Savage, Haw;ellt\ Shep-
perd, Silvester, Spaulding, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard
H. Stanton, Stetson, Sweetser, Jacob Thompson, Toombs,
Van Dyke, Venable, Walden, Wallace, Wentworth,
Whittlesey, Wildrick, Wilinot, and Young—85.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Alston, Anderson,
Andrews, Ashmun, Bayly, Bennett, Boeook, Bokee,
Booth, Bowie, Breck, Brisbin, Brooks, Albert G. Brown,
Burrows, Burt, Butler, E. C. Cabell, George A. Caldwell,
Joseph 1". Caldwell, Chandler, Clingman, Williamson R.
W. Cobb, Colcoek, Cole, Conger, Corwin, Crowell, De-
berry, Dickey, Dixon, Duncan, Edmundson, Nathan
Evans, F.wing, Freedley, Gilbert, Goodenow, Gott, Grin-
nell, Ilalloway, Hammond, Hay, Haymond, Hilhard, Hol-
laday, Holmes, Howard. Howe, Hunter, William T. Jack-
son, James L. Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Jon«, Julian,
James G. King, John A. King, Levin, Horace Mann,
Marshall, Matteson, McGaughcy, McKiysock, Robert M.
McLaue, Finis E. McLean, McCiueen,Meacham, Jolin K.
Miller, Daniel F. Miller, Millson, Moore, Morse, Morton,
Nelson, Ogle, Orr, Peck, Pha-nix, Pitman, Putnam, Reed,
Reynolds, Itistuy, Rockwell, Root, Rose, Rumsey, Schenck,
s?chenuerlioni, Seddon, Kprague, Stanly, Thaddeus Ste-
vens, Taylor, Thomas, James Thompson, John B. Thomp-
son, Tliurmau, Vmton, Waldo, Watkius, Wellborn,
White, and Williams—10C.
So the amendments were not agreed to.
The question then recurred on ordering the bill
to a third reading.
Mr. VAN DYKE moved to lay the hill upon
the table.
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana, called for the yeas
and nays on that motion; which were ordered;
and being taken, resulted—yeas 95, nays 99—as
follows:
YEAS—Menra. Albertson, Averett, Bay, Beale, Bell,
