1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
503
On motion by Mr. GORMAN, the House then
adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
under the rule, and referred to appropriate committees:
By Mr. CHANDLER: The memorial of numerous citi-
zens of Philadelphia, asking for protection against the vio-
lation of the patent laws of this country by manufacturers
in Canada.
Also, several memorials from citizens of Philadelphia,
asking for a modification of the tariff with regard to raw
silk.
Also, several memorials from numerous citizens of Phil-
adelphia. asking for a modification of the bounty land law
of 1*50.
Also, from seamen employed in the Gulf of Mexico in
the late war, asking for bounty land.
Also, from Catherine Williams, of Marietta, Ohio,
asking compensation for losses by French spoliations pre-
vious to 18(H).
By Mr. MOORE: Two memorials of citizcns of Penn-
sylvania,asking that all persons entitled to the benefits of
the late bounty land act may receive not less than one hun-
dred and sixty acres.
By Mr. WATKINS : The petition of sundry citizens of
Jefferson county, Tennessee, asking for the repeal of the
act which recently passed the House of Representatives to
reduce and modify the rates of postage.
By Mr. TAYLOR: The petition of David Walker and
24 others, for a new post route from Washington to Good-
hope, in Fayette county, Ohio.
By Mr. OGLE : The petition of John M. Austin and 80
other citizens of Fayette county, Pennsylvania, asking a
modification of the present tariff laws.
By Mr. HUNTER: The petition of Thomas Wilson and
61 other citizens of Somerset township, Belmont county,
Ohio, for the repeal of the fugitive slave law.
Also, the memorial of Richard White, assistant messen-
ger in the Sixth Auditor's office, for an increase of compen-
sation.
By Mr. BELL: The petitionof John N. Sloan and
others, for a light-house at Sloan's Point, on Lake Erie.
Also, the petition of William Hack and others, of Ohio,
fbr a post route from Shelby, Richland county, Ohio, to
Broken-Sword, Crawford county.
By Mr. JULIAN: The petition of 62 citizens of Monroe
county, Indiana, praying Congress to repeal the fugitive
slave law of the last session.
Also, the petition of 180 citizens of Leicester, Massa-
chusetts, praying the same.
By Mr. RrCHARDSON: The petition of sundry citi-
zens of Fulton county, Illinois, for a mail route from Ver-
mont, via Marietta, Lee Centre, and Virgil, to Woodstock.
Also, the petition of sundry citizens of Illinois, for the
free use of the public lands for actual settlers.
By Mr. HOWE : The petition of John Bell and 525 oth-
ers, citizens of Mercer county, Pennsylvania, praying
Congress to repeal the fugitive slave law.
By Mr. DOTY : The memorial and letter of J, O. Hen-
ning on the subject of a mail route from Ezhoorah, (Pres-
cott,) by Willow River, to St. Croix Falls.
Also, the petition of William Miller, A. M. Gard, Asahel
B. Foster, James S. Ewing, and others, for a mail route
from Berlin, by Willow Creek, Poysipi, Pine River and
Land, to Waupaca, in Wisconsin.
By Mr. ALBERTSON: The petition of C. J. Bat fell
and 63 other citizens of Evansville, Indiana, praying Con-
gress to establish a national armory and foundry at that
point.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 11, 1851.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, presented a
memorial from merchants and residents of Valpa-
raiso, setting forth the extreme inconvenience to
which they are subjected from the want of such
postal arrangements as in their opinion may be
easily obtained between Valparaiso and Panama,
and, through the American mail packets, with the
United States. They ask that the Government
should avail itself of the services of the mail
steamer already established there, as they under-
stand that offers have been made to receive and
de'.iver our mails in the same manner as the mails
of Great Britain to such agents as the Government
may appoint; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, a memorial signed by citizens of Lynn,
Massachusetts, inventors and interested in pat-
ents, asking that the patent laws may be amend-
ed; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. UNDERWOOD presented a memorial
from William B. Tucker and others, inventors
and interested in inventions, asking a postpone-
ment of the present bill for the amendment of the
patent laws, and asking that no action may be
had, and that the matter be referred to a select
committee to take evidence, hear all parties, give
notice of time and place, and report such facts as
they find important, and the state of the patent
laws as they now exist; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, presented three
memorials from officers of the army stationed in
the ninth military district in New Mexico .asking
for themselves and the soldiers under their com-
mand, to be allowed extra pay on account of the
extraordinary expenses of living in that country;
all of which were referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Also, a memorial of Richard Eldward, late
deputy postmaster at Natchez, asking to be al-
lowed certain items which had been rejected in the
settlement of his accounts by the Post Office De-
partment; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. ATCHISON presented the memorial of
BelaM. Hughes, late receiver of public moneys at
Plattsburg, Missouri, asking to he allowed addi-
tional compensation for locating military bounty
land warrants; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Also, additional documents in relation to the
claim of Margaret Drew, for a negro that escaped
from the service of a quartermaster in the Army;
which was referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. CHASE presented the memorial of James
B. Moore and his associates, asking that a con-
tract may be entered into with them for the estab-
lishment of a line of mail steamers from Califor-
nia or Oregon to China.
Mr. C. observed that the difference between this
and other memorials on the subject was simply
this: the memorialist proposes that the Govern-
ment pay in quarterly payments a sum equal to
the amount received on all letters, newspapers,
and mail matter carried between the points desig-
nated, provided that the rates of postage shall not
be less in proportion to the distance than the rates
charged from New York to Liverpool, and, also,
that Government shall sell to the memorialist, or
his successors, fifty sections of land of six hun-
dred and forty acres each, to be selected from
lands in the Territory of Oregon, at the rate of
$1 25 per acre.
The memorial was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, a petition from Elijah Murray, asking
that an appropriation may be made for the con-
struction of a marine railway on an improved
plan invented by him; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BRADBURY presented a memorial of ship-
owners, and other citizens engaged in commercial
pursuits in the town of Bath, in the State of Maine,
remonstrating against any increase of the tariff,
and especially against any increase of duties on
iron and coal; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Mr. PRATT presented the petition of Sarah
Ann Watson, widow of the late Colonel W. H.
Watson, asking that her pension may be contin-
ued during her natural life; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CLAY presented a memorial from citizens
of Pennsylvania, asking a modification of the tariff;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. NORRIS presented the memorial of Isaac
Adams, asking an extension of the patents granted
him for improvements in printing presses; which
was referred to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office.
COLONIZATION.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have received, and been
requested to present to the Senate, the memorial of
the Mayor and the Boards of Aldermen and Com-
mon Council of the city of Washington, upon the
subject of African colonization of free negroes. I
believe the memorial is signed unanimously by
those bodies, with one exception, that of a mem-
ber who was absent from the city. They ask the
favorable action of Congress upon the proposition
for the colonization of the free negroes of this couit-
try upon the coast of Africa, upon a plan reported
favorably upon in the House of Representatives.
They state, in reciting the evils arising from the
increase of the free negro population in this coun-
try, and especially in this District, that out of a
population of forty thousand within this city, eight
thousand are free negroes. I move that the me-
morial be referred to the Committee on Commerce,
to which similar memorials have been referred.
The motion was agreed to.
CASE OF GEORGE MORRIS.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I wish to present the
memorial of George Morris, who was a soldier in
the war of 1812, whose story is one of some inter-
est. He represents that he was captured at the
battle of the River Raisin, with the troops engaged
in that action; that after the battle he was taken
I by the Indians to the region near Lake Superior,
., and kept at the western termination of that lake,
II and in that quarter, going to and fro, as the Indians
'' migrated about, until the year 1816, three or four
years after the battle. When he obtained his
liberty, it being purchased by some persons near
Detroit, and returned to Kentucky, he found that
most of his officers had been killed or had died, so
that it was impossible for him to obtain the pay to
which he was entitled. He represents that when
voung and active he cared very little about his pay,
but as he has grown old and has a large family of
children,he thinks that, in consequence of his long
detention among the Indians, growing out of his
service for the United States, Congress ought to
pay something for those sufferings and services.
I move that the memorial be referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. Phelps, it was ordered that
leave be granted to withdraw the papers of William
: Johnson and G. Kidwell.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee of
Claims, to which was referred House bill for the
relief of Isaac Cook, reported back the same with-
out amendment.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the memorial of Samuel Boots, asking the
payment of a balance of salary claimed to be due
him as a clerk in the Treasury office, submitted
a report in writing, which was ordered to be print-
ed, recommending that the prayer of the petition
be rejected.
Mr. NORRIS, from the Committee of Claims,
to which was referred the memorial of Tobias
Purrington, a clerk in the Comptroller's office,
asking an increase of compensation, submitted a
report in writing, which was ordered to be print-
ed, recommending that the prayer be not granted.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the memorial of certain clerks in the Sec-
ond Auditor's office, asking an increase of com-
pensation, submitted a report in writing, which
was ordered to be printed, recommending that the
prayer be rejected.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of John McAvoy, submitted
a report in writing, accompanied by a bill for his
relief; which was read and passed to a second
reading.
Mr. DAWSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which was referred the memorial
of William Wood, in behalf of himself and a com-
pany of riflemen, asking to be placed on the same
footing in regard to bounty land as the volunteers
in the war with Mexico, asked to be discharged
from the further consideration of the same; which
was agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the memorial of William H. Payne, in
behalf of himself and a company of Florida vol-
unteers, asking compensation for their services in
the Florida war, asked to be discharged from the
further consideration of the same; which was
agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the memorial of S. L. Sparkman and
John Parker, captains of rangers during the late
difficulties with the Florida Indians, asking remu-
neration for their services and losses, asked to be
discharged from the further consideration of the
same; which was agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to"which was
referred the documents in relation to the claim of
Aaron Jernigan and the men under his command
for fcompensation for services during the Indian
disturbances in Florida, asked to be discharged
from the further consideration of the same; which
was agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of Wm. R. Shoemaker, mil-
itary storekeeper at Santa Fe, New Mexico, ask-
ing an increase of pay for his services while per-
forming the duty of commissary, asked to be
discharged from the further consideration of the
same; which was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee of Claims,
to which was referred the petition of Richard G.
Dove, asking compensation for his services as as-
sistant messenger in the Third Auditor's office,
