504
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 11,
submitted a report in writing against the prayer
of the petition; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BALDWIN, from the Committee of Claims,
to which was referred the memorial of Thomas
M. Hope, asking to be reimbursed for moneys
paid out by him as United States marshal, made a
report in writing, which was ordered to be printed,
recommending that the prayer of the petition be
rejected.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of Nicholas M. Kerr, asking
to be discharged from the further consideration of
the same; which was agreed to.
Mr. WHITCOMB, from the Committee of
Claims, to which was referred the memorial of
Mary B. Renner, asking compensation for the
property of her husband destroyed during the
last war, submitted a report in writing, which was
ordered to be printed,accompanied by a bill for the
relief of John F. Callan, administrator of Daniel
Renner, deceased, which was read and passed to a
second reading.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to which was referred the communication
from the Treasury Department, transmitting the
report of Professor McCulloh, prepared under the
superintendence of Professor Bache, asked to be
discharged from the further consideration of the
same, and that it be referred to the Committee on
Printing; which was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. PEARCE that three thou-
sand additional copies be printed for the use of
the Senate, the motion to print was referred to the
Committee on Printing.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, to which was referred the
report of the Secretary of War, communicating,
in compliance with a resolution of the Senate, Col.
McCall's report in relation to New Mexico, re-
ported back the same to the Senate with a recom-
mendation that it be printed, as coming from a
highly intelligent officer and containing information
extremely valuable to Congress and the country.
The recommendation of the committee to print the
document was agreed to.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the motion to print the
memorial of the members of the Virginia Legisla-
ture, in favor of the establishment of a line of mail
steamers between the United States and the west-
ern coast of Africa, and the memorial from the
members of the Virginia Reform Convention, in
relation to the same subject, reported in favor of
printing the same; which was agreed to.
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED.
Mr. SEWARD submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and agreed to:
Retained, That the Committee on Finance ba instructed
to inquire into the expediency of reducing the standard of
the fractional silver coins of the United States.
Mr. TURNEY submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Retolved, That, until otherwise ordered by the Senate,
the messengers be continued during the recess, whose duty
it shall be to fold and transmit to Senators all public docu-
ments ordered for the use of the Senate.
Mr. NORRIS submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Retained, That the Committee of Claims be authorized
to employ a clerk from the commencement of the present
wssion of Congress, to be employed during the recess in
making a classified index and digest of the reports heretofore
made on private claims, with such other duties as the com-
mittee may require, at the usual rate of compensation.
WESTERN ARMORY AT PADUCAH.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I offer the folio wing res-
olution :
Retolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in- j
ftructed to inquire into the expediency of establishing a '
western armory, which may be hereafter erected, at Padu-
cah, in the State of Kentucky.
As this is a mere resolution of inquiry, I ask
the Senate to consider it now. I hold in my hand
a communication from the people, through their
representatives, who have prepared statistics of
Paducah, which I will not detain the Senate with
recapitulating, but will hand it to the Reporter,
andask that it may be published as a part of my
speech; and I would ask Senators, if the subject
is acted upon, to take into consideration the sta-
tistics of that place and its suitableness for the
Purpose of erecting an armory.
The following is the communication referred to:
Statistics, fcc.—The under-
fed, with the view to have presented fairly and fully the i
; business of the town of Paducah, addressed the following '
interrogatories to leading businessmen and manufacturers |
and mechanics:
From Watts, Given 4' Co., and Smedley 4' Mct'owiell.
Gentlemen: In answer to your interrogatories we iepl>
as follows:
1st. Can boat stores and all articles necessary for the re-
pairing of steamboats be had here at prices as low as at any ,
other place below Cincinnati, and in sufficient quantities ?
Answer. Yes, certainly they can.
2. What amount in value the consumption of boat stores
sold here in lSMl?
Answer. We would say $100,000.
3d. How many tons of way-freight reshipped from Padu-
cah in 1850 ?
Answer. It is impossible to speak with accuracy. Some
days, for instance tins day, 2,000 tons. The amount is very
great. WATTS, GIVEN & Co.,
SMEDLEY &. McCONNELL.
From Messrs. W. F. Norton and James Larmon.
1st. How many stores and business houses in Paducah ?
Answer. 63; 18 dry goods stores, 24 groceries, "2 boat
stores, 3 furniture warehouses, 3 tin and stove factories, 3
harness makers, 3 millinery shops, 5 merchant tailor shops,
aud 2 drug stores.
2d. What was the probable amount of business done in
1850 in dry goods, hardware, and groceries, and by the
houses above mentioned?
Answer. About $600,000. JAMES LARMON,
W. F. NORTON.
FromMessrs. LangstaJJ 4' Hulme, recently of New Jersey.
1st. How many manufactories are ther§ in Paducah aiid
its vicinity ?
Answer. 9 propelled by steam, 2 tanneries, 1 flouring
mill, 1 planing machine, 2 saw-mills, three saws each, 1
foundry, 1 star candle and lard oil factory, ] stave manufac- :
tory, and other manufactories not propelled b\ steam. These
establishments employ about two hundred white operatives
and laborers.
2d. Can white labor be had here at fair prices, and in
what number?
Answer. We can always engage white labor as low as
at the East, and no doubt any demand cau easily be sup-
plied.
3d. What amount of rahitof lumber sawed and sold here
| m 1850?
j Answer. Four minions of feet; and the amount from the
Tennessee and Ohio rivers is very great. Our sales of lurn- 1
ber in 1850amounted to $75,000.
4th. From your knowledge and experience, having lived ;
until recently m New Jersey, do you believe white labor
cau be had here to supply a largely increased demand ?
Answer. We would sooner rely upon procuring white
labor here at fair prices and in large numbers than in New
Jersey. LANGSTAFF & HULME.
From Messrs. W. W. Hurt and if. W. Brown.
1st. How many houses were built in Paducah in 1850 ?
Answer. Ninety.
2d. How many house-carpenters and joiners, brickma-
kers and masons, plasterers and painters ? j
Answer* Not less than four hundred, all white men;
white labor can be had at any time to meet any demand.
H. W. BROWN,
W. W. HURT.
Mr. J. D. Allard states that he resided in Illinois on the
Ohio above Paducah about ten years; that he moved to this
place in 1849; that he cultivates a large farm in Illinois, op-
posite Paducah, and that white labor can be had here in
greater numbers than in Illinois, and that he hires his hands
in Paducah to cultivate his farm.
Mr. U. C. P. Pool makes a similar statement.
Mr. W. A. Lee and L. W. Rawleigh state that they are
boat builders, residing in Paducah; that in 1850 not less
than one hundred ship-carpenters and men were employed
at that business; that hot less than sixty-five steamboats
were built and repaired at Paducah in 1850, and at least
$300,000 was paid out in 1850 at Paducah for boats built
and repaired.
Letter from Lt. Col. S. H. Long, Topographical Engineer,.
Louisville, January 29, 1847.
Dear Sir : At the instance of our mutual friend, Judge
Campbell, of Paducah, I take leave to offer a few remarks
on the port of Paducah, expressive of my conviction of its
eligibility as a commercial depSt.
Paducah is situated on the Ohio, about forty-eight miles
above its moutb. This portion of the river, viz: from Pa-
ducah to the Mississippi, is navigable in the lowest stages
of the water, for steamers and other craft, drawing at least
three feet. Below this point no navigable stream enters the
Ohio. It is the uppermost point accessible to the descend-
ing navigation, both of the river itself, and of all its naviga-
ble tributaries.
In view of the great thoroughfare from the Atlantic coast
via Charleston, Savannah via the Western and Atlantic
Railroad of Georgia, and the Tennessee river, which is
expected to be opened at an early date, Paducah may be
regarded as the most favorable position on the Ohio as a
depOt for the cotton trade. It will be no less favorable as a
depot for pork, bacon, flour, aud other provisions which
will constitute return freights in connection with the trade
just mentioned.
The tobacco, hemp, &c., reared on the Ohio and its trib-
utaries above this point may very conveniently be stored
here, and reshipped as occasion may require, to New Or-
leans, Charleston, or Savannah.
Large supplies of salt are required in the inferior and
back part of Tennessee, Alabama, Georgia, aud the Oaroli-
nas, &c., which may be collected and deposited at this,
more conveniently than at any other point.
The town site is sufficiently elevated to be above the
reach of the highest freshets, presents an even aspect, and
is easy of access from the river, which in its passage by the
town affords a deep, safe, capacious and commodious har-
bor, along the Kentucky shore from the mouth of the Ten-
nessee downward, in all stages of the river. Boats can
land and remain here secure from drift wood, floating ice,
and all other annoyances.
Among the products that may easily be concentrated at
Paducah, are abundant supplies of iron, of the best quality,
horn the Cumberland and Tennessee rivers ; choice timber
and stone tor building from the same sources. Stone coal
from llawsville and Tradewater minei. Luail fiom tile
upper Mississippi, &.c., See.
These brief nnd linsty remark* are submitted with the hope
that they ma\ throw some light 011 the character ajid import-
ance of the locality 111 question as a commercial depot.
I am, sir, very re^peettullv, voui' most obedient servant,
H.LONG
Hon. R. A. Patterson,
Senate of Kentucky, Frankjort. Kentucky.
The statistics in these documents show that seven hun-
, dred intelligent and Skillful mechanics and operatives arc
employed in the various departments of labor; that sixty-
five steamboats, built and repaired at an expenditure of
.§300,000, and boat-stoics to the value of jji 100,000, have
been built and expended in the year 1850, and distributed in
the city. From this biismes- a market aud a readj sale is
afforded for all the surplus of our farmers; and each year
this profitable branch of business will no doubt continue to
increase. It is so much foreign capital paid out for labor
and supplies, the product and growth of our immediate vi-
cinity. In addition to this. .<$75,000 woith of lumber is cut
aud sold from the growth of our forest-, bordering upon tile
Tennessee river, and lumber to ail equal amount is pur
chased from mills on the Ohio and Tennessee, and consumed
and resold at Paducah. These large sums amount to more
than a half million dollars. At the same time the sales of
| dry goods, hardware, and groceries amount to V600.000,
and the estimated value of houses built .^50,000, making the
aggregate of one million two hundred thousand dollars.
It will be perceived that the business of four tanneries
and other manufactories are not included, and no doubt
would swell tlie amouiit to §1,500,000. It may he stated,
111 connection with the above expose, that this business done
at Paducah in 1850 promises to be greatly augmented 111
each subsequent year. Situated at the junction of the Ohio
and Tennessee, healthy, and above the overtlow ot the high-
est freshets, a navigation but seldom impeded, coal and iron
in the greatest abundance in it*, vicinity, Paducah possesses
superior advantages over any town upon the Western rivers.
Tlie Ohio passing for more than one thousand miles from
the north and east, through different degrees of latitude,
and a country unsurpassed in fertility of soil and mineral
wealth; the Tennessee, coming from the States of Georgia,
| Alabama, and Tennessee, bring together at Paducah tlie
I varied products of ten States. As a point for manufactories,
I it has 110 rival in natural ad vantages—a large and fertile back
i country—within fifty miles of the Mississippi—its river
communication places it in connection with every portion
of the Valley of the Mississippi. Paducah now attracts
a large share of public attention—her back country, but re-
cently a wilderness, is being filled up by enterprising farm-
ers; her commercial and manufacturing interests are daily
increasing, and the enterprise and public spirit of her citi-
zens will soon develop all her natural resources, and by a
judicious system of improvement, multiply and increase her
business and her wealth. J. CAMPBELL,
N. LANK.
The resolution was agreed to.
THE MOUTH OF THE MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. SOULE moved to print two thousand five
hundred additional copies of the report of Mr.
Charles Ellet, on the subject of deepening the
mouths of the Mississippi.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. It is known that
an appropriation was made to defray the expense
of a survey of tlie Mississippi river, with a view
to ascertain the best mode of preventing its over-
flow, by deepening the entrance into the Gulf of
Mexico. Reconnoissances were made by officers
of the topographical corps, and by the corps of
civil engineers. We have already ordered the
publication of an extra number of copies of the
report of the topographical officers. This motion
is to print an extra number of the report of the
civil engineers. Anterior to this examination a
very full survey was made by a very distinguished
officer of the engineers, and this report rests main-
ly on that survey, made at a former time, and at
great expense to the Government.
The proposition, if ever entertained, should be
entertained now, before the types may be broken
up. Yesterday morning the report was laid upon
our desks, and if the number of extra copies is
ordered now, it is probable they may be stricken
off without new composition. I believe the report
to be a very valuable one; it has been examined
by the distinguished officer of the engineers upon
whose report it rests. The publication of an ex-
tra number of copies is thought quite desirable, at
least to that portion of the country most interested
in the work.
Mr. BENTON. I wish merely to ask on what
principle it is proposed in the report to deepen the
river; whether by tapping it ana letting the water
out, or by building embankments and keeping it
in ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The report, of
which it is now asked that an extra number of
copies may be printed, is that of the civil engi-
neers, and relates to the opening of the mouths
of the Mississippi, and deepening the water upon
the bar.. So far as I can answer the Senator s
