1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
505
inquiry, 1 think the report rather indicates " a tap-
pine" than a closing of the river.
The motion to print an extra number of copies
was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED ON LEAVE.
Mr. DO WNS,in pursuance of notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill granting the right
of way and making a grant of land to the States
of Louisiana and Arkansas, in aid of the con-
struction of a railroad from Providence, or some
other point on the Mississippi river, to Pulton, or
some other point on Red river; which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
COMMITTEE ON PENSIONS.
Mr. BORLAND asked to bt excused from
nerving on the Committee on Pensions; which was
agreed to.
On motion by Mr. JONES, ordered that a mem-
ber be appointed to fill the vacancy on the Com-
mittee on Pensions, and Mr. Rhett was appointed
to fill the same.
COMMITTEE ON PUBLIC LANDS.
On motion by Mr. FELCH, it was ordered
that a member be appointed to fill the vacancy oil
the Committee on the Public Lands; and Mr.
Borland was appointed to fill the same.
CAPTORS OF THK FRIGATE PHILADELPHIA.
Mr. MASON. I desired to make a motion
yesterday which I was unable to make, and which
I wish to make now. On Saturday a vote was
taken, rejecting the bill for the relief of the captors
of the frigate Philadelphia. I voted with the ma-
jority, and at the request of several persons, and
among others, that of a Senator who was not in
his seat when the vote was taken, being obliged
to leave the Chamber on account of indisposition,
not knowing that the vote would be taken, I ask
the Senate to reconsider the vote rejecting that
bill. I do not mean to debate the question at all.
1 make the motion with pleasure, at the request of
other gentlemen, reserving my own judgment upon
it. I ask only that it may be reconsidered now,
and if it is agreed to, it may lie upon the table to be
called up at the pleasure of its friends.
Mr. CLAY. I hope the Senate will reconsider
the vote, not with any expectation on my part to
take np the subject now, or perhaps this session,
to be again discussed, if it is reconsidered, as I
think it should be under all the circumstances. It
will be recollected that the Senate was very thin.
Little over a quorum was present, and the decision
to which they came was by one or two votes
only—two votes I am informed; and it was against
the repeated decisions of the other Houseana this.
Under all the circumstances, I think it is due to
the parties interested, due to the memory of the
gallant officer Decatur, who, whilst he lived, I
take pleasure in saying, was my favorite in the
Navy of the United States. It is due to all par-
ties concerned to give it a full and fair consid-
eration when there is something like a full Senate.
I hope the reconsideration will be made, and the
subject be laid on the table, to be taken up, if it
can be at this session, and if not, at some other
session, without any prejudice arising from the
decision of Saturday.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to, twenty-
seven voting in the affirmative and thirteen in the
negative.
Mr. CLAY. That subject is mow before the
Senate for consideration. I move to lay it on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, ordered that a
message be sent to the House of Representatives
asking the return of the bill to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for the service of the fiscal
year ending the 30th of June, 1851, which had
been sent by mistake.
Subsequently a message was received from the
House or Representatives by Mr. Young, return-
ing the said bill, which was then read a third time;
and the question was stated to be upon its passage
an amended.
Mr. EWING. I avail myself of the occasion
of the passage of the bill to correct an error into
which the honorable Senator from Tennessee [Mr.
Tcrvet] fell yeBterday. He took occasion to
•ay, in the debate on tn« bill, that while I was
j! Secretary of the Interior I had ordered to be paid
to individual creditors of Indians, money which
was due by treaty to the Indians, and directed by
treaty to be paid per capita. I said in reply to him
that I did not think anything of the kind had oc-
curred, but I could not say positively. He stated,
in reply, that he had it directly and explicitly from
the Second Auditor of the Treasury. Knowing
in my conscience it was impossible that such a
thing could have occurred, I addressed a note last
evening to the Second Auditor, inquiring of him
whether he made such a statement, and, if so, re-
questing him to refer me to the case, that I might
see whether he was correct in his facts and his
construction. I now have his reply, which is as
follows:
Washisotok City, D. C.
Sir: In answer 10 your note of this date, stating that
"Mr. Turney said in debate to-day, and referred to me as
' authority, that you. while Secretary of the Interior, or-
' dered a sum of money to be paid the creditors or agents
! of certain Indian tribes, which money was by treaty stip-
' ulation made payable to the individual Indian's of the tribe
■ per capitaI have to answer That I paid, that under a de-
cision of yours the Indian Bureau I Kid directed the Indian
•Annuities in certain cases to be applied to the payment of
individual claims against the Indian tribes. The cases to
which I referred were the Pottawatomies and other claims,
which, not being in my officc, I cannot now refer to spe-
cifically, but which ifyou desire I can give you a list of to-
morrow. I do not recollect having used the expression per
capita during the conversation. I expressed my opinion
against the power to apply the Indian annuities to the pay-
ment of individual claims against the Indians, in their indi-
vidual or associate capacity.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
P. CLAYTON.
Hon. Thomas Ewing, U. S. Senate.
Now, Mr. President, I have examined the treaty
under which the payment was made. It is the
treaty of the 5th and 17th of June, 1846. The
part of it which bears upon the question is the
seventh article. It does not direct the payment of
the annuities to be made per capita at all. It directs
that they shall be paid to the tribe or nation gen-
erally.
Mr. TURNEY. Will the Senator be kind
enough to read that part of the treaty ?
Mr. EWING. I will do so with pleasure:
Extract from the xventh article of the treaty of the 5th
and 11th June, 1846.
" The balance of the said sum of $850,000, after deduct-
ing the cost of removal and subsistence, Sli:.. it is agreed
shall remain with the United States, in trust tor said In-
dians, and an interest of Ave per cent, aunually paid there-
on, commencing at the expiration of one year atter the re-
moval of said Indians, and continuing lor thirty years, and
until the nation shall be reduced below one thousand souls."
There is not a word about payments per capita,
but, as I said before, the interest or annuity was
to be paid to the nation generally, subject of course
to the then existing law regulating Indian inter- .
course. This was the act of June 30th, 1834, and
will be found in the 4th vol. of the United States
Statutes at Large. The section which bears on the
matter in question, and which I read, is on page
1137:
Section 11 of act for the organization of the Depart-
ment of Indian .iffairs, approved June 30, 1834.
" Jlrui be it farther enacted, That the payment of all an-
nuities or other sums, stipulated by treaty to be made to any
Indian tribe, shall be made to the chiefs of such, tribe. or to
suck person as said triheshall appoint; or if any tribe shall
appropriate their annuities to the purpose of education, or
to any other specific use, then to such person or persons as
such tnbe shall designate."
This is the law which was in force at the time
of the execution of the treaty, and which, in con-
nection with the treaty, constituted the rale by
which I was governed, and to which I conformed,
or ought to have conformed, in making the order
objected to.
I have before me a printed copy of the several
claims on which my decision was asked. They
purport to be national obligations, and they were
proved to have been executed at the same time
and by the same councils of Indians, chiefs, head-
men, warriors, and young men of the Pottawato-
mie nation, that executed the treaty, and are
witnessed by the official interpreter and Superin-
tendent of Indian affairs. One of the obligations,
and they are all alike in substance, is as follows:
"<>6,410 70. We, the chiefs, headmen, warriors, and
young men oftl)? Pottawatomie nation of Indians, solemn-
ly bind and pledge ourselves to pay to W. G. and G. W.
Ewing, or order, six thousand four hundred and ten dollars
and seventy cents, without defalcation, for value received
in merchandise and provisions, due by U3 to said W. G.
and G. AV. Ewing, up to this date; the funds to pay the
amount above stated, $6,410 70, to be taken from the first
moneys accruing from the treaty made at Council Bluffs,
6th June, 1846, and Osage River, S. Agency, 17tli June,
1846, payable in two annual installments.
" Given under our hands, this 17th June, 1846.
Signed by To-pe-na-bee & Others.
" Interpreter—J. N. Bowrassa.
" Witness to signatures—Titos. H. Harvey,
" Superintendent Indian Jiffairs."
And the whole effect of my decision was, that
this bond, and others like it, given by the Indians
in council, at the time of the execution of the
treaty, signed by the chiefs, the headmen, the
warriors, and the young men, and witnessed by
the Superintendent of Indian Affairs, should be
considered as a national obligation and dealt with
accordingly. I have a copy of the decision before
me. It is as follows:
Extract from letter qf instructions of April 14, 1849,
from the Secretary of the Interior to the Commit*
sioner of Indian Jiffairs.
" I have determined, in the case of the claims of the un-
dermentioned individuals, to regard the obligations given
by tlie Pottawatomie Indians on the 6th and 17tli June,
1846, as settling the question as to the liability of the nauon
to liquidate them. They may, therefore, be paid, and as
follows—except as hereinafter stated, in three equal install-
ments—the first out of the amount of the annul tie* to be re-
mitted this Spring; the second out of the sum to be remit-
ted for the Fall payment of this year; and the third and
last, out of the amount payable in the Spring of 1850. The
last two installments to be paid when the annuities for the
respective penods named are forwarded."
The question once settled that the obligation was
national, and that the annuity was payable to
the chiefs or the person whom the nation should
appoint, the settle rule of practice in the Indian
office, as I found it, was to treat the obligation to
pay out of the annuity a* an appointment of the
obligee by the tribe to receive so much of the an-
nuity as he was entitled to. It was to that extent
a valid letter of appointment. This, it is to be
remembered, was no new rule of mine, but the set-
tled practice as 1 found it in the office. As to the
opinion of the Second Auditor that my decision
was wrong, that is a matter of very little conse-
quence. I do not think he intended to misrepre-
sent anything, or to make mischief by his some-
what free and loose communication. It was, I
suppose, a specimen in a small way of what my
friend from South Carolina [Mr. Butler] calls
"autobiography." But he certainly misled the
honorable Senator from Tennessee entirely. The
case had no connection or relation to that which
the Senator supposed, or any principle in common
with it.
Mr. TURNEY. As to the conversation be-
tween myself and the Second Auditor, I recollect
distinctly that he spoke of the per capita fund.
The object was to amend the law, so as to pre-
clude the possibility of squandering that fund, or
giving it a direction different from that intended
by the treaty. But I do not see that the state-
ment of the Senator at all changes the matter.
Here was a fund which belonged to the Indians.
The treaty did not provide specifically that it
should be paid per capita; but the fund belonged
to the Indians, and the order, it seems, was to pay
out these funds in discharge of a debt owed by
the chiefs of the nation. It seems that the money
was not paid over to be distributed according to
the provisions of the treaty, but was to be applied
to the payment of an individual debt of the chiefs.
That, in my judgment, was a direct and flagrant
violation of the treaty, and a fraud upon the In-
dians. The national fund of the Indians was ap-
plied to the payment of individual debts, and thus
their fund was diminished, and thus far the object
of the treaty was defeated. So I think the case
brought up was not warranted by law, and was
certainly a violation of the treaty and a fraud upon
the Indians.
Mr. EWING. The Senator has departed from
the issue we had yesterday, and has made an en-
tirely new one. I am perfectly ready to meet him
upon that whenever it may be in order. I think
I can, in the course of half an hour, perfectly
satisfy any disinterested man that the payment
was made strictly according to the treaty and ac-
cording to the law.
Mr. HUNTER. Is this debate in order?
The PRESIDENT. It is not strictly in order,
as it seems to have no connection with the subject-
matter of the bill.
Mr. EWING. I merely wish to say that on a
proper occasion I shall be ready to satisfy any-
body of the correctness of the payment.
Mr. TURNEY. I wish to say that I have not
changed the issue. I reiterated what I stated yes-
