510
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 11,
it has been done heretofore it does not follow it
shall be done hereafter; yet such is the conclusion
at whir a the Senator must arrive from his argu-
ment. 1 never advocated a grant of land for
"great national" objects, which means in prac-
tice objects for which a congressional majority
will vote. I never proposed to grant lands for any
other considerations than those connected with the
grant itself, which have brought it strictly within
the rule of a grant inuring to the benefit of the
Government. If a grant were for great national
objects it might follow that it had no connection
with the locality of the land. A grant may be
made of lands in Wisconsin, which the Senator
before me [Mr. W alker] so carefully guards, for
the purpose of widening and deepening the en-
trance to the harbor of Baltimore, or for paving the
landing of some other harbor on the sea-shore.
It is exactly because of the strict limitation in
regard to time and locality, which has been con-
sidered the rule heretofore, and which I think
should be closely adhered to, that I have been
willing to make any grant. It is this double limit-
ation of space and time that would probably pre-
vent the grants thus made from becoming a great
incumbrance on the Treasury, even if they were
improperly made; but if properly made they would
always redound to the benefit of the Treasury and
to the Government of the United States.
Mr. PEARCE. I beg leave to say that al-
though the grant of the sixteenth section in every
township to the new States, and the percentage
which they hare received from the proceeds of the
sale of the public lands, should be considered as
having been given for a consideration which the
Senator has mentioned, that consideration does
not apply to the innumerable grants of a different
character which have been made. There was no
such consideration, for example, for granting a
township to Kentucky and one to Connecticut,
or making grants of land in Tuscarawas county,
Ohio, or a grant of her waste or unsold lands to
Tennessee, on condition that she should apply
forty thousand dollars to the establishment of a
college. There has been a great number of cases
in which we have made grants not all in fulfill-
ment of any contract of that sort.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I admit that two
grants have been made for eleemosynary purposes,
one in Connecticut and the other in Kentucky.
But if the Senator will recur to the history of Ten-
nessee he will find that there are many reasons for
that grant, to which he refers, which wiil not ap-
ply to one of this character.
'Mr. PEARCE. The grant of five hundred
thousand acres, under the act of 1841, to the States
in which public lands lay, (in all six millions of
acres,) was not made in fulfillment of any such
contract. Various grants have been made to dif-
ferent States, which were not for the purpose of
fulfilling any such contract; so that I am right in
the position which I took. Although I repeat the
expression that I am not now to be fettered by sup-
posed constitutional restrictions, I by no means
intend to be understood a? saying that I do net
recognize the validity of constitutional prohibitions
or restrictions, as the Senator does. Not at all.
The truth is, the constitutional power of Con-
gress over the public domain and the public
money has repeatedly been the subject of doubt
and contest in Congress. The construction of the
Constitution I consider as settled by the repeated
precedents of nearly half a century. If I had en-
tertained any doubt heretofore, I should no longer
entertain it, for it is dispelled by repeated legisla-
tive decisions in relation to this subject, affirming
the power of Congress over the public domain to
be greater than the Senator from Mississippi sup-
poses it to be. And indeed we have not limited
ourselves to the disposition of the public lands in
this respect. We have given away the public
money in many instances almost as freely as the
public, lands. In 1812, I think it was, when
Mr. Madison, that strict constructionist, was
President, we appropriated $50,090 to be ex-
pended in provisions to be sent to supply the peo-
ple of Venezuela, who suffered from the great
earthquake. When the town of Alexandria was
burn', we gave $20,000 to assist the indigent suf- '
ferers by that calamity. We have used the public 1
lands and the public money without any such re-
striction as seem* to be supposed by some gentle-
men to be imposed by the Constitution. What I
■ay, therefore, is, that the construction given by ii
these repeated precedents, is such as to make me
feel perfectly at liberty to vote for the provisions of
this bill. •
Mr. BORLAND. Although I arrive at the
same conclusion, us to the vote I shall give on
this bill, as the Senator from Maryland, I desire
to say that 1 have not done so from the same con-
siderations which have been suggested by him,
nor under the same sense of obligation which he
seems to feel to conform to precedent. 1 have a
very high respect for precedent; I think it is our
duty to look to it in making up our minds as to
our powers and obligations here. But it seems to
me that there is a want of discrimination in regard
to the obligation, the force, and authority of pre-
cedent. Precedent, as I understand it, is strictly
a law term; and it is proper, so far as the decis-
ions of the courts are concerned, and they become
obligatory upon succeeding courts, because it is
necessary to have the law interpreted, and some
fixed rule of administration adopted. But in re-
gard to precedents, so far as they may affect the
legislation of Congress, or of any legislative as-
sembly, 1 consider them only as so many lights
on our path, to guide us by the experience and
wisdom of those who have preceded us, rather
than as rules by which we are to be governed.
We are not here, as I understand, to interpret and
to execute laws which have been already passed,
but we are here to pass laws; and in passing those
laws we ought to look to the source of our author-
ity, enlightened, it is to be hoped and believed, by
the interpretation given to that authority by those
who have preceded us, but we are not to be gov-
erned and absolutely controlled by precedent, con-
trary to the dictates of our own judgment.
But I rose principally to respond to some of the
remarks of my honorable friend from Mississippi.
It seems to me that he makes the rule under which
we should exercise the power to dispose of the
public lands rather more narrow than I have here-
tofore understood it. He announces the rule to be
that we can only dispose of the public lands as a
proprietor, where pecuniary benefits will result
directly to the proprietor. Now I do not think
the rule requires that we should limit ourselves to
the direct pecuniary advantages that may result
from the disposition of the public lands, but any
advantage that may be sufficient to bring their dis-
position within the rules. Even by the rule which
the Senator himself has laid down, I think this bill
can be fully sustained. He asks if a grant of land
in Arkansas to the State of Connecticut, for the
purpose of supporting the indigent insane in that
State, can result to the direct advantage of Arkan-
sas, and if it can result to the direct advantage of
the United States? I answer that, in my opinion,
it results directly both to the advantage of Arkan-
sas and of the United States; and upon every
firinciple on which these donations of public land
lave been made, certainly upon the principle on
which I have voted for them, that they would
bring a portion of the public land, which might not
otherwise be brought into private hands, into cul-
tivation, and divest the United States of their title,
which would contribute to the general interests of
the country, and to the enhancement of the value
of adjacent lands. We vote for appropriations of
alternate sections of land, for the purpose of con-
structing railroads, upon the principle that by car-
rying a railroad through that part of country we
induce the settlement of adjacent lands, and thus
bring the lands into market and enhance their
value. It is upon the principle of a great land
proprietor, so disposing of a portion of his domain
as to increase the value of the remaining portion
to an extent greater than the value of the whole
before the donation was made. That is my un-
derstanding of it.
I think the Senator from Mississippi is wrong in
his recollection of the views of the distinguished
Senator to whom he alluded, now no more among
us. I think, if he will refer to an authentic, clear,
and powerful declaration of the views of that dis-
tinguished individual which is among our public
documents, (I mean the memorial of tne Memphis
Convention,) he will find that he distinctly lays
down a proposition embracing the very principle
I have mentioned. He argues in that paper that
it is not only within the power but that it is the
duty of the Government to make these grants of
the public domain, so as to enhance the value of
the remaining portion, and make it exceed in value
the amount of the whole before the donation. That
is my recollection of the doctrine laid down in that
paper. I am perfectly well satisfied, upon fre-
quent consultations with the distinguished indi-
vidual alluded to, that I understood him to reiter-
ate those views, and on two different occasions,
when 1 had to make reports from the Public Land
Committee of this body, I consulted him before
writing these reports. One was m favor of grant-
ing the swamp and overflowed lands to the States
in which they lay for purposes of reclamation and
internal improvement; and the other was a report
in support of a bill to grant a section of land in
each township to the States in which the public
lands lie for common school purposes. In both
these reports the same doctrine is asserted, as to
the propriety of which I was very careful to con-
sult the distinguished individual alluded to. Both
of those bills, I believe, passed the Senate without
a dissenting voice. One of them is now pending
in the other House.
I do not think, therfore, that I have deviated at
all from the rule of strict construction which I
have never before understood to deny the power
of Congress, as a great land proprietor, to make
use of any portion of its public domain for a pur-
pose that would enhance the value of the remain-
der.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, I do not deny
that.
Mr. BORLAND. I understand the Senator to
admit the principle.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I will state very
briefly what I have said so often before that I fear
some will grow weary of it. I do not deny the
power of the United States to do that which a
proprietor may do—to grant some portion of lands
to enhance the value of the remainder. I have
not denied that. While up, I would also say that
I referred to a projet for the disposition of the pub-
( lie lands brought in by Mr. Calhoun, and not to
; the memorial of the Memphis Convention,
j Mr. BORLAND. The Senator from Missis-
sippi and myself, then, do not differ as to the
general principle, but we differ as to whether this
bill comes within that principle. I think I have
shown that this bill does come within the princi-
ple, because it produces the effect I have men-
tioned. Will any one deny that the sale of ten
millions of public lands, in different States, scat-
tered at intervals throughout the whole body of
the public lands, will enhance the value of the re-
maining lands ? When these ten millions of acres
in detached portions are sold and go into private
hands and become cultivated, they will enhance the
value of the remaining lands. If not, how will
the running of a railroad through the public do-
main, and the settlement and cultivation of ad-
joining lands, enhance the value of the remainder
, of the public domain ? It is precisely in the same
I way that a donation for a railroad would enhance
the value of the public lands that a donation for
any other purpose would enhance their value. I
can see no difference between the cases. And, be-
sides, there is the consideration which I have men-
tioned of divesting the United States as soon as
possible of their title to the public lands.
Mr. BELL. I do not rise to enter into any dis-
cussion upon this bill, because I hope its friends
will bear with me while I say that, in this House
and in the other, it has been discussed over and
over again. I have heard it discussed in most of
its details, both of principle and of fact, twenty,
or thirty, or forty times. I know that the Sena-
tor from Mississippi [Mr. Davis] feels very keenly
that he cannot permit this question to pass with-
out giving a new expression to his opinion. I
! have not risen to enter into a discussion, but to
beg that honorable members who are in favor of
this measure will not discuss it any further. This
proposition has been before the Senate in its pres-
ent form for two years. I am not certain that it
was not introduced the session before last in the
identical form in which it is now presented. It
underwent some discussion at the last session, and
some amendments were made in it, either by gen-
eral consent or by vote of the Senate; but finally
there seemed to be such a disposition to discuss it
at length, and other business intervening, that
even its friends were obliged to consent to nave it
postponed. I have to say to the friends of the bill
that it is not probable that one additional vote will
be obtained by further discussion. ^Vhat support
the bill will get is doubtful; W whether it gets a
majority or not, I hope its fate may be decided.
