5t£
leeed question. TheChairoverrules the point of or- P ma
der.upon the ground that the 21st rule of the House
provides that it shall be in order for the Committee
on Printing to report at anytime. The rule places
no restriction whatever upon the subject-matter to
be reported; and, in the opinion of the Chair, it is
limited only by the fact whether or not the subject
be legitimately before that committee.
Mr. TOO\lBS. Is the appeal debatable ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. BURT. I desire that the Speaker should
inform the House whether I am right in my sup-
position, that under the rules, although the com-
mittee may be authorized to report as a matter of
privilege, it is for the House to determine whether
the matter reported by that committee be a matter
of privilege.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not exactly
comprehend the suggestion made by the gentle-
man from South Carolina. The Chair bases his
decision upon the ground that the rules of the
House provide that the Committee on Printing
may report at any time. They can report at any
time upon such matters as are legitimately before
them.
Mr. ORR asked that the 30th. joint rule might
be read.
The Clerk read the 30th rule, as follows:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBjfi.
Feb 12.
•'A committee oonaisting of three members of the Senate
and three members of the House of Representatives "hall
be chosen by their respective Houses, which shall consti-
tute a Committee on Printing, which shall have power to
adopt such measures as may be deemed necessary to rem-
edy any neglect or delay on the part of the contractor to
execute the work ordered by Congress, and to make a pro
rata reduction in the compensation allowed, or to refuse
the work altogether, should it be inferior to the standard;
and in all cases the contractor and liis securities shall be
responsible for any increased expenditure consequent upon
the non-performance of the contract. The committee shall
audit and pass upon all accounts for printing; but no btll
shall be acted upon for work that is not actually executed
and delivered, and which they may require to be properly
authenticated."
Mr. BURT inquired whether debate was in
order ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. McLANE,of Maryland, moved to lay the
appeal from the decision of the Chair on the table.
Mr. BURT demanded the yeas and nays on
that question; and they were ordered.
Mr. ASHMUN inquired whether the report was !
based upon a memorial that had been referred to j
the committee?
The SPEAKER. It was stated so by the chair-
man—by the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr.
McWillie.]
Mr. BURT asked to have the resolution referred
to read, in order that the House might determine
whether it was a private claim.
The Clerk read the report and joint resolution,
as follows:
The Committee on Printing, to whom was referred the
memorial of Thomas Ritchie, a party to the contract of
William M. Belt, to execute certain classes of the printing
of Congress, asking that some arrangement may be made
bv which he may he suitably compensated, report the fol-
lowing joint resolution:
Retoleed, That William M. Belt, the contractor for exe-
cnting the second, fourth, and fifth classes of the printing
for the Thirty-first Congress, be and he is hereby relieved
from the ternis of his contract, and that in lieu of said terms,
he shall receive as compensation for the work he has al-
ready executed under said contract, payment at the rate of
one half the prices paid for the public printing under the
joint resolution of 1819; and that he shall faithfully execute
the remainder of the work contemplated by said contract,
and be paid for it at the same rate: Provided, The said Wil-
liam M. Belt shall notify the Secretary of the Senate and
Clerk of the House of Representatives, within five days
from the passage of this resolution, of liis acceptance of and
agreement to its terms.
Resolved, That, the executive powers and duties of the
Committee on Printing, as defined in the second section of
the joint resolution directing the manner of procuring the
printing for the two Houses of Congress, approved August
3d, 1846, be, a-'.d the same are hereby, conferred upon the
Secretary of the Senate and the Clerk of the House of Rep-
resentatives; and in case any inconvenient delay should be
at any time experienced by either House in the delivery of
its work, said Secretary and Clerk, respectively, shall be
authorized to employ another printer to execute any portion
of the work of the Senate or House, and charge the excess
in the account of said printer for executing such work,
above the price at which either of the present printers have
agresd to execute it, to the printer guilty of such negligence
or delay.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I submit
that this cannot be the resolution referred to by the
gentleman from Mississippi. This joint resolu-
DiniT38 stated to be for the relief* of Thomas
Ritchie; and the resolution read has reference to a
man named Belt. I ask that the other be read—
the one that has reference to Ritchie.
The SPEAKER. This is the resolution re-
ported from the Committee on Printing; and the
question is upon laying the appeal taken by the
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Burt] from
the decision of the Chair, on the table. The Chair
in giving its decision just now, did not state that
the case to which he referred was in reference to
the appointment of a clerk; and in order that any
misapprehension may be corrected, the Chair will
read the passage from the Journal:
" -lugusf 14,1848 Mr. CONGER, from the Committee
on Printing, reported the fallowing resolution:
" Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That the jointCom
mittee on Printing be, and they are hereby, authorized to
sit during the recess of Congress, in order to carry out the
intention of the joint resolution directing the manner of
procuring the printing of the two Houses of Congress, ap-
proved August .Id, 1846 : Provided, That no pay be allowud
for anything beyond the actual necessary traveling expenses
of said committee, in coming to and returning from the
' Capitol, in the performance of the duties of said committee ,
and the usual per diem while thus engaged.
" The resolution was read; when
"Mr. HOWELL COBB raised the question of order,
that the rule authorizing the Committee on Printing to re-
port at any time, contemplated the expediting of the public
printing; and that in reporting the said resolution, the com-
mittee had transcended its powers; and therefore the reso-
lution was not in order.
" The SPEAKER decided the resolution was in order.
" From this decision Mr. COBB appealed; and,
" The question being put, Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the House ?
" It was decided in the affirmative—yeas 111, nays 37.''
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland. I desire that the
Chair may further state whether a precisely simi-
lar report was not received as a privileged motion
at the last session of Congress ?
The SPEAKER. The report was received, but
no point of order was made at that time, and no
decision was made upon the question.
Mr. BURT. I should be very happy to hear
the Chair upon a point of order, at this time, and
should also be very happy to have the privilege of
replying to the positions taken by the Chair, if
any debate was allowed. 1 therefore suggest to
the Chair that, as the proposition is not debatable,
it is not competent for the Chair to make debate in
favor of the decision that the Chair has made.
The SPEAKER. The Chair holds that it is not
only his privilege but his duty, when the Chair
has made a decision, to state the reasons for that
decision to the House. If he does not go beyond 1
that point, and does not enter into any arguments
further than to state his reasons, it is not only the
privilege but the duty of the Chair.
The question on laying the appeal on the table
was then taken by yeas and nays, and resulted in
the affirmative—yeas 108, nays 74—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, A.-hmun, Avcrett, Bay, Bay>
ly, Beale, Bell, Boeock, Boyd, Breck, Brisbin, William J.
Brown, Buel, E. C. Cabell, George A. Caldwell, Joseph P.
Caldwell, C'lingman, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Daniel,
Danner. Deberry, Dimmick, Disney, Dixon, Duer, Duncan,
Dunham, Edmundson, Eliot, Ewmg, Fitch, Fuller, Gentry,
Gerry, Gorman, Grinnell, Hall, Hamilton. Hammond, Har-
alson, Ishaui G. Harris, ThoinasL. Harris, Hayinond, Hib-
bard, Hoagland, Holladay, Holmes, Howard, Inge, Jones,
La Sere, Letfler, Levin. Littlefield, JobMann,Mason,Me-
Clernand, McDonald, McDowell, McGaughey, McLana-
han, R. M. McLanc, Finis E. McLean. McMullen, Mc-
Willie, Meade, John K. Miller, Millson, Moore,Morehead-
Morrison, Morton, Olds, Outlaw, Parker, Peaslee, Peck,
Phamix, Potter, Powell, Richardson, Robbins, Robinson,
Ross, Sawtelle, Scheiick, Schermerhorn, Silvester, Stanly,
Frederick P. Stanton, Richard II. Stanton, Stetson, Strong,
Sweetser, Taylor, Thomas, Jacoli Thompson, James
Thompson, Venabkf, Waldcn, Waldo, Watkins, Wellborn,
Whittlesey, Wildrick, Williams, and Young—108.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Andrews, Bennett,
Bingham, Bokee, Booth, Bowie, Bowlin, Brig"*, Albert G.
Brown, Burrows, Burt, Butler, Joseph Cable, Campbell,
Cartter, Casey, Chandler, Clarke, Colcock, Cole, Conger,
Corwin, CrowcII, Dickey, Durkee, Alexander Evans,
Nathan Evans, Featherston, Fowler, GidilingJ, Gilbert,
Goodenow, Gott, Halloway, Hampton, Henry, Houston,
Howe, Hunter, Joseph W. Jackson, William T. Jackson,
Andrew Johnson, Julian, George G. King, James G. King,
John A. King, Preston King, Horace Mann, Marshall, Mat-
teson, McKissock, McQueen, Meacham, Morris, Orr, Otis,
Phelps, Pitman, Putnam, Reynolds, Risley, Rockwell, Rum-
«ey, Sackett, Schoolcraft, Spauldmg, Sprague, Thaddeus
Stevens, Toombs, Underbill, Vinton, Wallace, Wentworth.
and White—74.
So the appeal from the decision of the Chair
was laid upon the table.
The joint resolution for the relief of Thomas
Ritchie, was then read a first and second time by i
its title. I
Mr. McWILLIE said: At this period of the ,
session I will not detain the House by an argu-
ment in favor of this resolution. The committee i
of which I am a member, at the last session of !
Congress made a report upon this subject, which
led to considerable discussion. There was also a
report made by a select committee of this House,
which brought very fully before Congress the facts
connected with the public printing. There was
also, during the last session of Congress, a propo-
sition somewhat similar to that which is now upon
the table, and I presume, therefore, that this House
is about as well informed now upon the subject as
it would be after two or three days' debate. I
will, however, say that the resolution is reported
from the committee unanimously, and we recom-
mend it to the House for its adoption, because we
feel that it is founded unon principles of justice and
of equity. As I shall nave an opportunity hereaf-
ter of replying to the arguments advanced against
the resolution, I will not detain the House further
at present.
Mr. ORR obtained t he floor and said:
Mr. Speaker: Before entering upon the dis-
cussion of the bill submitted to the House for con-
sideration by the chairman of the Committee on
Printing, I desire to put myself right, in reference
to a controversy which has arisen by the publi-
cation, in the Globe, of a speech which I made at
the close of the last session, on the proposition to
release the public printers from their contracts.
If there was any wrong perpetrated by publish-
ing on Wednesday, remarks made on the prece-
ding Friday, I am responsible for it alone. The
debate which gave rise to the remarks occurred
on Friday night. Congress adjourned on Monday,
at twelve o clock. That evening I consolidated
the remarks of three five minutes' speeches in one,
and carried it that night to the Globe office, and
requested its publication in the Daily Globe of the
next morning. The Foreman stated that they
were too much crowded to accommodate me. I
insisted that its publication should not be post-
poned longer than Wednesday morning, and gave
him substantially this reason, that I expected Mr.
i Ritchie would at once assail those who had been
prominent to defeat him, in carrying a bill which
would give him from $20,000 to $50,000, as a gra-
tuity for the non-performance of his contract; and
that it was due to us, as well as the country, that
the facts elicited by the discussion should go forth
at once to repel his unjust assaults. The sequel
showed that I had not misjudged Mr. Ritchie's
purpose. On Tuesday morning, the Union con-
tained two columns of the most reckless perver-
sion of facts, concluding with a slanderous impu-
tation upon the motives of the honorable members
from Kentucky [Mr. Marshall] and Maryland,
[Mr. Evans,] us well as my own. But his per-
verted facts and slanderous imputations were
short-lived. They did not survive the rising of
two suns. If I had succeeded in procuring the
appearance of my remarks on Tuesday morning,
as J had desired, the little effect which Mr. Ritchie s
prosy broadside produced would have been neu-
tralized; my antidote would have rendered en-
tirely harmless his poison. Whatever of harm
remained after Wednesday morning to truth and
justice, in Mr. Ritchie's philippic, was most sig-
nally dissipated by the publication of the remarks
of my gallant friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Mar-
shall,] on Thursday morning. I trust, then, no
prejudice will result to Mr. Rives, the House Re-
porter, from the publication of my remarks on
Wednesday instead of Tuesday morning. The
whole responsibility is upon my shoulders.
In a subsequent article Mr. Ritchie, in very gen-
eral terms, charged that my remarks were " filled
with misstatements indicative of mingled ignorance
and hostility." I do not claim to be infallible, Mr.
Speaker, but I can with truth declare that " hos-
tility" to a political adversary has never yet caused
me'willfully to perpetrate against him any injus-
tice. In the discharge of the high trusts confided
to me by a generous constituency, my rule has
thus far been the wise admonition of the fallen
Wolsey—
" That once trod the ways of glory.
And sounded all the depths and shoals of honor,
to his faithful friend Cromwell, when hebade him—
" Be just and fear not: ,
Let all the ends thou aim'st at be thy eountry s,
Thy God's, and truth's."
I, sir, repel the charge that my course has been
actuated by hostility to Mr. Ritchie. I was placed
on the investigating committee on the printing
without my knowledge, and I attended its sittings
more punctually than most of my associates, for the
