51#
TtfE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 12,
Trenholm, «oen after the execution of the hind, say tiicy
had an unprofitable contract, but they intended to comply
with it and rely upon Consrese."
TP. 5Q.1 Robert Farsham: "Is a paper dealer. Sup-
plies Mr. Ritchie with all his paper. Keeps but one ac-
count with Mr. Ritchie, and that with Mr. Ritchie alone,
and not a firm or partners. Charges Mr. Ritchie $4 75 for
best paper, $3 30 for second quality, which weighs thirty-
two pounds per ream. Is paid forhis paper by Mr. Ritchie's 1
check."
(P. 56.] Klins Woodward: "Trenhota said to witness [
he would not take .$20,000 for the contracts. He, Tren- j
holm, expected Congress would relieve the contractors. I
These conversations were before the meeting of Congress."
[p. 57.] Wm. Fuhks " Lund Washington and witness
submitted proposals for public printing. Asked Gordon,
of the Union office, for information. Gordon furnished
the information, and requested Flinn not to divulge. There
was a verbal understanding that Gordon was to be a copart- ,
ner if Flinn & Washington got the conaact." ,
[P. 58.] "Trenholin told witness that some old laws of j
Congress would be raked up, through which he expected to
make money. Witness and Washington were to start a po- !
titical newspaper if they got the contracts. An editor was
written to." [P. 59.] " Mr. Gordon did promise posiiiveiy |
to go into the arrangement with Flinn k Washington, and i
(hare the profits" |
E. B. RoBiNsoN,one of the compositors in the Union of- t
lice: [p. 59.1 "The work has been well done, and with more |
expedition than before. It has been the practice heretofore 1
to print the extra humbere on an inferior paper to the regular ]
nnmbers." [P. 60.] "The material has been one third more 1
in the Union office than any establishment in this city since ,
witness has been here. At the beginning one font of small
pica type (ten thousand pounds) was ordcrd!. The work
taa been hurried on." [P. 60.] "Witness considers the con-
tract of Belt two hundred per cent, better than Wendell's, i
if the census printing had not been taken from him. The j
censusprinting would have been placed in part C.,Class 5."
C. Wendeij,recalled by Mr. Ritchie,—page 63. "Had :
many conversations with Trenholm, to the effect that the
contract system was to be broken up. Trenholm left the
impression on witness's mind, that Congress would be
forced by the delays in printing to break np the contract |
system, and that the contractors-would so delay the printing
as to force this result on Congress, and that the contractors
would not put on extra labor, or work extra hours on work,
the amount ordered being large."
[P. 63.1 "Witnesss made no difference in the paper used
by himself as public printer—it wasaH of the same quality.
The contractor under my contract got the binding of the
tegular numbers, and we had it as an incident to the con •
tract—the binding was profitable, but the amount was small.
The officers of the Ilduse have refused to give the present
contractor the binding."
[P. 64.] "The profit I made on the binding was $6,000.
Witness lost money by his other binding contract—the .
Patent Office report. We run our presses night after niglit .
When printers to Congress, and for months we run tlieni eigh-
teen hours in twenty-four. While doing the printing, wit
ness told Trenholm he was losing money, and it was Tren-
holm 's opinion when we commenced that we would lose
money."
George Gordon recalled by Mr. Ritchie: [p, 65.] " Mr.
Ritchie is interested in Belt's, but is not in Trenholm's
contract."
[P. 66.] "Both Mr. Ritchieand Mr.Trenholm believed,
at the commencement of the session, that the contract would
be profitable. It has always been the custom to make the
difference between the numbers fUrnished to the members
ibr themselves, apd those for distribution to their constitu-
ents. The contractors took the work as low as they did I
because they believed they conld make money by it." I
" I declined going into partnership with Flinn fc Wash- |
Ington. He (Flinn) said if he got the printing he would '
force Ritchie to sell out the Union, or he would buy anew ]
office and set it up overR.'s headland that he had good
backers in the Senate. The bid of Flinn h Washington
was next lowest to those accepted. I communicated all
these facts to Mr. Trenholm. I told Mr. Ritchie of it.
Witness had not seen either Belt's or Trenholm's kids be-
fore. but he knows those bids were changed in consequence of
this information, and that to secure the contracts they were
placed lower than the bidders originally designed."
[P. 67.1 " About the second or third week in January,
or towards the close of the month, I ascertained the con- -
tract would he a losing business. The contract Is so low
that it will hardly> pay Tqt the white paper—he has heard
Trenholm and Belt say so. I never was in business for
myself^ and never made a calculation. Force of the press
room for the Union, jobs, and all the printing, one super
'Intendent, two assistants, twenty-four boys, and three la- i
borers. For the extra work we use the twenty five cent
ink, for the regular numbers forty cent ink. The repairs of
all the presses cost about .$300 annually.
IP. 68.] " We have only run our presses ten hours since
1 last testified, 7th August.
" When the contractors bid theu expected the printing of
Mi census returns. It trottld not be profitable under this
contract, however, and I consider U a relief to them to get
rid of it,though I have made no calculation."
John BoWen: [P. 69.] " Superintending composing
room, Union office. The amount of work executed exceeds
'any preceding session. No effort has been made to delay
the work; it has been occasioned mainly by the delay of Hie
'maps. In the 4th class Flinn Sl Washington's bid .are
$10,214 higher than Belt's. In the 3d, 4th, and 5th classes
ill Belt's bids are lower than Flinn fc Washington's, some
•#18,758 51." ^
[P. 70.] " No more composite™ could have been em-
ployed in the office; there were, however, fifty empty
'eases, and some empty stttnds, that might have been fitted ,
•P—they were mot fitted up because the presses did not re-
turn the letter fa«t enoogh. Some of the work was dis-
tributed, and afterwards reset, on account of the scarcity of
Jp>e. There is a type foundry at Baltimore. Large addi- ,
none made to the office, but do not know if the con-
tractor* were unable to procure more type. It would have ,
been better to have bought new type, if the prices had jus-
tified it, than to distribute and reset. It has been usual
heretofore tu print the regular number on good paper, and
the extra numbers on inferior.
J. A. Slake: [p. 71.] " The principal cause ofthe delay
in the public printing, is the large amouht ordered, and the
delay in furnishing the maps." |
Mr.MOREHEAD obtained the floor, but yield- 1
ed to |
Mr. BAYLY, who said: The gentleman from i
South Carolina [Mr. Orr] has stated that one of < j
the successful bidders for the publie printing on |
Saturday, has engaged to do the work lower than ,
Mr. Ritchie is doing it for  j
Mr.ORR. In one class.
Mr. BAYLY. That gentleman (Mr. Hamilton) i
is in the House, and has authorized me to state
that his bids are higher than Mr. Ritchie's on j
every description of printing. j
Mr. ORR. I will say to the chairman of the !
Committeeof Ways ana Means, that Mr. Rives's
bid is lower than Mr. Ritchie's upon one class. ]
Mr. BAYLY. I merely wish to say, that tlf® I
gentleman who gets the greater part of the printing !
has authorized me to state that he gets upon one
class fifteen cents a page higher than Mr. Ritchie's j
bid, on another $1 10 a page higher, and on the i
press work he is paid from five to seven cents
higher—certainly five cents, and probably seven
C6nts higher.
Mr. MOR'EHEAD (resuming) said: Mr. Speak-
er, I have listened with much attention to the
argument which has just been made by the gentle-
man on the other side of the House, [Mr. Orr,]
and I confess 
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, (interrupting,)
said he would like to ask the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Orr,] if he was not under mis-
apprehension in saying that the class of printing
obtained by Mr. Rives, on Saturday, was taken
for less than Mr. Ritchie's bid ?
Mr.ORR said, that according to his understand-
ing of the matter, there was but one class assigned
to Mr. Rives, and that was the class before as-
signed to Mr. Trenholm.
Mr. McLANE said he understood that there
was but one class assigned to Mr. Rives, and that
was the class before assigned to Mr. Towers.
Mr. WENTWORTH (addressing Mr. Mc-
Lane) said his statement was correct.
Mr. MOREHEAD (continuing) said: Mr.
Speaker, if I can get the attention of the House
for a short time, I will endeavor, as briefly as may
be, to state some of the reasons which will influ-
ence me in the vote I may give upon the resolu-
tion now presented for. our consideration. Acci-
dentally, m consequence of not being here at the
commencement of this session, I have been placed
upon the Committee on Printing for this House.
I have consequently, sir, as a matter of duty, had
my attention called to the very subject of inquiry
now before the House. I have no disposition to
do injustice to any human being. I have no feel-
ing to do ought but justice to Mr. Ritchie. Un-
flinching justice, and that alone, is all that I desire
to mete out to him on the present occasion. I
know, sir, that there is much in the argument
made here that has weight upon my mind—that
this is an attempt to break up the existing laws of
the land, and that, as such, we ought to discoun-
tenance and frown uppn the proposition to give
the compensation asked for on the part of Mr.
Ritchie and those employed by him, or those who
1 bid for him. I have looked at the matter, and I
confess that the arguments used have had some
weight upon my mind. I find that one gentleman,
one of the contractors, has made assertions tend-
ing to show that he had such a motive in making
the bid which he did for the printing. I have been
unable, however, to perceive the slightest shadow
of testimony that Mr. Ritchie ever participated in
that feeling or design. On the contrary, he has
distinctly and emphatically disavowed it. Mr.
Ritchie differs with me in politics. As far back
as I cAn remember, we have been upon opposite
sides. I have as strong party feelings as most
gentlemen in this House, but with all that, and
from every inquiry which I have made, or from
all that I ever heard in my personal intercourse
with him, I have never been able to find a single
instance of his making—unnecessarily making—
an untrue statement upon a matter of this kind.
He states, in the most emphatic terms, that when
he made that contract, he had no such intention,
as has been charged, of defeating the purposes of
a law of Congress. That being the case, that
matter, so far as it should affect my mind, is out
of the question altogether.
I call the attention of the House to the question,
whether or n5t this contract is likely to be, or has
been, a matter of loss to Mr. Ritchie? The gen-
tleman who has just taken his seat [Mr. Orr] has
admitted the fact—as it is admitted by all those
who have at all investigated the subject—that this
contract for printing will involve a ruinous loss to
all who are concerned in it. Prom the investiga-
tion which I have made—slight as it is—and from
the little knowledge I have had in relation to print-
ing, I am perfectly satisfied that with Mr. Ritchie
it is a question of utter and entire ruin. Unless
some relief is afforded, he is, in a pecuniary point
of view, totally and entirely ruined. That being
the case, are there any considerations which should
influence our votes in his behalf? I think there
are, sir.
Wha't are the considerations which have influ-
enced my mind and judgment in relation to this
matter, and which have compelled me to come to
the conclusion, that we ought to do what is pro-
posed in this resolution, as an act of simple, sheer,
and naked justice ? It is not unknown to us—to
every member here—that we commenced the last
session of Congress under the most peculiar cir-
cumstances. Congress was not really organized
for more than six weeks after it convened, and
there was difficulty until the day before Christmas
—the day before the Speaker was elected. There
was still a longer time before the Clerk was elect-
ed. During all this period Mr. Ritchie, with
about one hundred hands under engagement and
pay, was entirely idle. When he entered into the
contract he had every reason to believe that the
printing would commence as soon as the session
of Congress commenced, and that he could go to
work at the usual period. He went on printing
as soon as the documents were placed in his
hands. On the 4th of February, when the Presi-
dent's message and the report of the Secretary of
the Treasury had been finished, and were ready
to be delivered, the contingent fund of the Senate
was exhausted, and the fund was very soon ex-
hausted in the House. From that period until
the time when the deficiency bill was passed, re-
plenishing the contingent fund of this House,
documents were printed, but were not paid for
according to the contract—according to reasonable
expectations—according to what had been the
constant and unvarying practice of Congress in
paying for its printing.
From the time when these documents were pre-
sented, there were no funds from which he could
be paid. Mr. Ritchie wrote a letter to the Com-
mittee on Printing, on the 4th of February, 1850,
in which he says: "that unless I get money to
meet my indebtedness, as the work is delivered, I
cannot progress;" and in consideration of the pte-
culiar state of circumstances by which he was
surrounded, he asked, at that early day, to be re-
1 lieved from his contract, and stated that Congress
| might do with it whatever they saw proper. That
furnishes a truly powerful consideration—one
| which will influence me in the vote I may give to
1 extend him relief.
! Mr. Speaker, this being the fact, that the delay
! at the commencement of the session rendered it
I impossible for the printer to get any pay for the
j work, I took occasion to look into the quantity of
| work which, tinder circumstances so disastrous to
i the contractors, had been performed. I found that
i from the commencement of the public printing
of that session of Congress, there had been 649
; documents ordered by the House, and 425 ordered
I by the Senate—making 1,074 documents in all.
j These were comprised in 33 volumes of 800 pages
each, and two volumes of the Jtmrnal of 1,768
pages, making a sum total of 39,168 pages. The
whole number of pages of matter printed and de-
, livered to this House, and ready to be delivered, is
203,605,000, which, calculating 600 pages to each
1 volume, makes about 800 volumes per day during
the whole twelve months.
Under circumstances so disastrous, with such
difficulties attending him, the impossibility of
getting money without paying enormously high
rates of interest; notwithstanding all these, I find
there has been more printing executed than had
been executed In any ont session from the organ-
ization of the Government up to the present day.
This being the case, another question presents it-
