520
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 12,
■ that fifth class in 1849 was onlv
£5,000? I will call my friends
cent, oft the prices of 1819 Would Rite the coll- i
tractor from loss. I appeal to him, then, whether, !
the contract being set aside, wecan, upon princi- i
pies of equity,give Jess than sixty per cent, off :
those rates ? My friend canriot escape that con- '
elusion on his own showing of the case. , He surely J
will not, because he thinks the f12,500 given to |
the printer for the printing of the opinions of the
Supreme Court was more than he was entitled to j
under the contract. He set aside the contract and
prescribed an arbitrary rule of adjustment—this is
neither equity nor law.
The honorable gentleman has referred to the
Buries of tirades against himself, to which he has
called our attention. Does he, suppose him^lf
insensible to their influence? When we listened
with so much respect and attention to the gentle- ■;
man's vindication of himself, could we have sup- !
posed him insensible to the injustice done him, if !
injustice there was—to the wrong done him, if
wrong there was, by these offensive imputations?
For one, I do not. I believe that they are active ;
in their influence upon his temperament and upon ;
his, line of action here. Because, how else am I \
to understand my honorable friend's course, when
he tells me that the contract has been violated,
that it would be a losing contract if it had not been i
Violated, and that we had to violate it to keep it -
from being a losing contract? I am disposed to I
exercise the largest charity towards the gentle- j
man, but he certainly did say that it was the vio- !
lation of the contract that made up the losses of
the contractor, and that sixty per cent, off tfie I
prices of 1819 was necessary to pay the losses .
under the original contract.
If the gentleman will agree to give sixty pet 1
cent. I am ready to go for it. I should not like to j
be found taking the initiative in voting the smallest j
sum while the whole concurring testimony is in 1
favor of a larger sum; but I have too much anxie- i
ty to prevent wrong to the contractor, that if the
honorable gentleman will go for sixty per cent, off
the prices of 1819, I should like to see that course
carried out, rather than an arbitrary determination
to violate the contract. As I have already said, if
my honorable friend will agree to send the contract ;
to the Attorney General, I would agree to that set-
tlement rather than to any other. I think it would
relieve those who have undertaken to violate the
contract, if we were now to send the contract and
the contractor, tinder the auspices of the Commit-
tee on Printing, to the Attorney General, and to
abide by his decision. But I cannot respect that j
course which refuses to allow the contract to be
construed under the auspices of the law officers of i
the Government, but would violate it whenever ti>e j
discretion of Congress Shall choose to violate it, '
and carry it out just when Congress chooses to carry |
it out. Such a course is morally wrong. I should 1
be very glad if those who entertain these views '
would agree to such a settlement as would provide
an efficient check in future against demands for
extra compensation; but if exceptions ard thus
made to prevent the contractors from demanding ! entitled to under the contract, and having been
extra, cdmpensation, I should suppose that ah ex- paid the Unconscionable charge by a committee
ception would also be made to prevent Congress appointed to audit his accounts during the recess,
from construing the contracts according to their is now to insist that the original contract was vio-
discretion, without regard to the laws of the land. ! lated by Congress allowing him more than he was
I have entertained the only two objections that j entitled to, instead of less; and because Congress
work dt>ne under
about $4,000 or $5.
attention to the audited account, and he will find
that that fifth class to which he has referred, and
which Mr. Rives has bid for at an insignificant
price, is composed of three parts. The whole
work done in the first part amounted to $1,520;
the Whole work done in the second part to $686,
and the whole work in the third was §997. The
total was $3,903.
Why, sir, men are talking about a coalition.
How will they explain it when the bids are fifty
per cent, higher than last year on the great body of
the work; fitly per cent, higher on the four prece-
ding classes, and only a littlelo weron the fifth class?
1 have to apologize for detaining the House so
long, and thank gentlemen for their attention.
Mr. HAYMOND moved the previous question.
Mr. MARSHALL appealed to the House to
vote it down.
Mr. CROWELL asked the gentleman from
Virginia to withdraw the demand for the previous
question to enable him to offer a resolution.
Mf. HAYMOND refused.
Mr. THOMAS called for tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Richardson, and Harris
of Tennessee, were appointed.
The question was taken, and resulted—ayes 51,
noes 78.
So iheprevious question was not seconded.
Mr. CROWELL offered an amendment to the
resolution. *
The SPEAKER stated that it was not in order.
Mr. CROWELL asked that his amendment
might be read for the information of the House.
Several Members objected.
Mf. CROWELL said that he would then offer
it as an amendment to the instructions, instead of
as an amendment to the resolution. It certainly
was in order as an amendment to the instructions.
The amendment was read, as follows:
^Snd provided, alto, The same relief be granted and com-
pensation allowed to the printers of the Thirtieth Congress,
and upon the same terms and considerations as are allowed
to the said William M. Belt under this act.
The CHAIR Was understood again to rule the
amendment out of order.
Mr. MARSHALL next obtained the floor, but
yielded it to
Mr. ORR, who said: Before the gentleman from
Kentucky commences, I desire to make a remark
iti reply to the gentleman from Maryland. The
gentleman from Maryland said that this claim had
to be settled either according to the contract or ac-
cording to equity; that according to my own ad-
mission the contract has been violated on the part
of the House, and that there is, therefore, noth-
ing left to rely upon but the equity of the case,
for a settlement. Well, sir, that is assuming this
position: That Mr. Ritchie, after making a de-
mand of $12,500 for the payment of the printing
of the opinions of the Juages of the Supreme
Court, an amount far beyond what I insist he was
does not institute legal proceedings against him for
the recovery of the e&ceSs wrongfully paid him, he
is entitled to insist that the contract has been vio-
lated, and that new terms are to be agreed upon for
paying him for the balance of the work. What a
monstrous proposition. Having paid him more
than contract prices for a part of the work at his
I understood my friend from South" Carolina to
present. First, that it is difficult to get at the i
prices of 1819, or at a settlement under those !
prices. I have answered that by avowing my will- <
mgness to abide by a reduction as proposed on a '
reference to the Attorney General. Again: I have >
drawn the concession from his own lips, that the !j
contract has not been enforced, and that it cannot j! own solicitation, that authorizes him to abro
be made the rule of action; and let me say to him, ; gate the entire contract because we have violated
what the House may not have reflected upon, that '; it! Is this not allowing a man to profit largely
this class of printing in relation to which the con- i by his own wrong? We violate the contract at his
tract was violated, is the very class upon which the ! request in one particular, and for his advantage
contractor relied to make his aggregate and aver- alone, and then he claims that the whole contract
age profit. [* shall on that ground be entirely Set aside!
Now, I will briefly refer to the bids of the Tast ; Mr. MARSHALL said: The resolution that is
session of Congress. It has been said upon this ; now pending before the House, introduced by the ;
floor, that Mr. Rives bid for the same class, at a Committee on Printing, of which my colleague is
lower rate than Mr. Ritchie did, and that this is, J a membir, is in fact a resolution to change and
therefore, conclusive evidence to the House that j; nullify the existing laws of the land. I Want to '
no relief was necessary. |j call the attention of gentlemen in this House who
I ask my friend from South Carolina if he has j are in favor of this resolution, to what at the last ;
ever read Mr. Rives's bids? Does he know that ; session of Congress I denounced as a coalition
Mr. R.ives's bids are fifty per cent, higher than among the metropolitan printers, for the purpose I
the prices of last year for all the classes of print- l | of breaking down the laws through the instro- j
ing except the fifth class, and thdt the aiftount of it mentality of this House. I want them to come
up to their work in the broad light of open day.
The gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. McLane,]
who has just addressed the House, undertook to
say that Congress, at its last sessioYi, would have
been liberal in its determinations, but for an im-
! putation which he says I cast out against Mr.
Ritchie.
I have re-read the remarks that I made upon
that occasion. I now endorse them, letter for let-
ter, and will stand by their verity. I never said
this contract was going at ruinous rates. 1 do not
believe it. Among the remarks I made on that
occasion, at the lastsession of Congress, I call the
attention of the House to these sentences:
" But, sir, the country win be startled to ascertain that,
after all the sympathetic tears shed here and elsewhere
over the ruin with which this gentleman is said to be over-
, whelmed by these contracts, not one word of testimony has
s4>een introduced—not a particle of evidence has been exhib-
ited—to prove a specific lots. We have called fce attention
of witnesses and parties to tbe desire to know the sources-
of loss, and the specific losses suffered. We have exam-
ined ttte chiefs of various departments of business in the
Union office—in the employment of Mr. Ritchie himself;
; and I should have been pleased to assist in ferreting out
the ways and sources by which he is oppressed by these
> contracts; but notwithstanding these witnesses were, by
their position and acquaintance with the business, best
qualified to show in what and how the losses Imve been in-
curred, and notwithstanding it must have been suggested
to the mind that the country would require to know exactly
in what the loss had been sustained, I repeat that the ex-
amination has been confined, on his part, to general decla-
rations that the terms of the contracts were too low, and
would result in loss to the contractors, without, in any in-
[ stance, showing bow, where, and to what amount the loss
r was incurred. We have taken testimony as to the elements
, of cost; we have examined the force of the office employed
cm the Congressional printing; we know how many presses
, are run by the engine, the cost of fuel, the wages of tbe en-
gineer, the wages of the pressmen and boys, the cost of
paper aud ink, the price of composition, of folding, stitch-
ing, sewing, gathering, collating, binding—in fine, of every-
thing, even to the percentage on prime cost which makes
up " wear and tear" of the material of the office—and we
are unable, by a comparison of these witb the contract
prices, to perceive the means, under prudent management,
oy which these contractors are to be overtaken by the ruin
[ so much deprecated by gentlemen in Congress and out of
doots."
I again call for the exhibit of this specific loss-.
I again call upon those who are about to vote this
'■ bonus to Mr. Ritchie to exhibit to the country
' the sources of this loss. Well may my colleague
stand up in his place and say that he throws
I arithmetic to the dogs. Well may he announce
| to the country that ne cannot depend upon paper
| calculations to justify the vote which he was ready
j to give at the last session of Congress, and in ready
! to give now.
1 No matter what diatribes have appeared in the
| Union, I care nothing about them. Whatever
i they are they will not affect me in the slightest
degree. I am not animated by any animosity
towards the editor of the Union. I am only desir-
ous, in the presence of the country and the House,
to maintain the law as it stands, and to prevent
this man from going hand over hand into the
public Treasury. I said, at the last session of Con-
gress, that when these contracts were given out
they were improperly procured; and according to
the testimony which was before the committee it
appeared to me that they did not intend to perform
the contract. And I repeat that statement now.
But I defy the gentlemen who pretend to argue
this case on the part of Mr. Ritchie, to take the
testimony of Mr.'Wendell and others upon this
point. And lest they may have forgotten it, I
will read a single passage on this point. From
this passage we shall see how they expected to
get rid of the contract, and the source from which
assistance was to be derived:
" Trenhoim bw repeatedly said to me that Ae reason for
such low bidding was tb break up the contract system. I
never saw Belt—do not know him.
" The way Trenhoim stated in which they designed to
break up the contract system was by bidding low, and, the
Democratic party having a majority in Congress, the con-
tract system would be broken up by the party, and the old
man (meaning Mr. Ritchie) would get the benefit of it, and
would then be elected printer to Congress. This scheme
was conveyed to me by Trenhoim in freqoent conversa-
tions, always alluding to Ritchie as being the real contractor
fpr the public printing, and he never intimated that he or
Belt had any interest ia tbe contract; and Trenhoim de-
clared, several days before the contract was given in form
to Trtnholm and Belt, and on the days the bids were opened,
that Ritchie meant to Aavc Me entrant if he took it for a
hundred thousand doliart lets than the work could be done
for.. Since the meeting df the present Congress, Mr. Tren-
hoim has suggested to me that, if the contract system could
be broken up, Father Ritehie might be elected printer to the
House, and Gales and Seaton printers to the Senate, and if
I would aid in accomplishing the object, two papers—that
is, the Union and National Intelligencer—and their friends
would aid In getting ns such an allowance as would make
