<22
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb 12,
special attention to the memorial, and request
them to take the whole subject into consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD presented a memorial from cit-
izens of New York, asking the passage of an act
empowering the courts to declare a patent illegal,
ana repeal the same where proved Jo be so, in any
suit brought to test the legality of such patent;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. COOPER presented a memorial from Jo-
seph Rodney Croskev, late American Consul at
Cowes, in the Isle of Wight, in the year 1844,
asking to be reimbursed one thousand dollars for
extraordinary expenses incurred by him in sup-
porting the dignity of the country; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affaire.
Also, some seven or eight petitions from citizens
of Pennsylvania, surviving officers and soldiers of
the war of 1812, and others, asking that the mili-
tary bounty land law may be so amended as to
allow them in all cases one hundred and sixty
acres; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Also, some eight or ten memorials from citizens
of Pennsylvania, setting forth the great necessity
that exists for a proper modification of the tariff
of 1846, and asking that additional duties may be
imposed on iron, coal, Ac.; which were referred
to the Cojnmittee on Finance.
Abo, joint resolutions from the Legislature of
Pennsylvania, in favor of granting to the soldiers
and sailors who served in the late war with Great
Britain and Indian wars the same quantity of
bounty land as was allowed to those who served
in the war with Mexico; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Also, the memorial of Amelia Dumas and Lou-
isa Dumas executrix of Abigail Dumas, asking
indemnity for injuries done their property by the
capture of a vessel and cargo by a French priva-
teer in the year 1303, and carried into the Island of
St. Jago de Cuba and sold; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HAMLIN presentedapetition from thirty-
one citizens of the town of Bangor, in the State
of Maine, asking the immediate repeal of the fugi-
tive slave law; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. NORRIS presented the petition of Hannah
Webb, asking to be allowed an increase of pen-
sion; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, presented a me-
morial from citizens of Pennsylvania, asking a
modification of the late bounty land law, which
he asked might be read; and the petition was read
accordingly, and he moved to refer it to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands.
Mr. FELCH adverted to the fact that the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands had already been dis-
charged from any further consideration of these
petitions.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Weil, let it lie on
the table.
It was so ordered.
Mr. WALKER. I have a petition more or-
thodox in its character, signed by one hundred
and seventy-two citizens of Orange county, New
Jersey, asking the free settlement of the public
lands; meanim? that they be granted to actual set-
tlers in limited quantities who are not possessed
of other lands.
The petition was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CHASE presented a petition of the Indi-
ana Yearly Meeting of Anti-slavery Friends,
asking the abolition of slavery in the District of
Columbia, which he moved to refer to the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia.
On motion by Mr. BORLAND, it was ordered
that it lie on the table.
On motion by Mr. MASON, it was ordered
that Captain Thomas Ap Catesby Jones have
leave to withdraw his memorial ana accompany-
ing papers.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred House bill No. 287,
for the compensation of James W. Low and oth-
ers, for the capture of the British private armed
■vessel Ann, during the late war with Great Britain,
reported back the same without amendment, and
recommended its passage.
Mr. BRADBURY, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which was referred the joint resolu- ,
tion explanatory of the act entitled " An act to
provide fbr the adjustment of land claims within
the States.of Missouri, Arkansas, and Louisiana,
and in those parts of the State of Mississippi and
Alabama south of the 31st degree of north latitude,
and between the Mississippi and Perdido rivers,
approved 17th June, 1844, and the act revived by
said act," reported back the same without amend-
ment, with a recommendation that it do not pass.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, to wnich was referred the
hill to provide for the just settlement ofthe accounts
of John C. Bergh, late an assistant paymaster in
the army of the United States, submitted a report
in writing, which was ordered to be printed, rec-
ommending that the bill do not pass.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
! referred the memorial of A. W. Burns, assistant
1 paymaster, asking to be allowed a balance found
against him in the settlement of his accounts, sub-
mitted an adverse report; which was ordered to be
printed.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. SOULE submitted the following resolution;
which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, Tbat the Secretary of War be requested to in-
fbrm the Senate whether or not it would be expedient to
surrender up the fort of Chef Menteur to the owner of the
land on which it was erected.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution
for consideration:
Resohptd, That the Committee on Naval Affaire be instruct-
ed to inquire into the expediency and propriety of putting
the compensation of chaplains in the Navy on the same foot
ing as that of surgeons, or increasing the same on some
other basis; and if said committee shall be of opinion that
said compensation shall be increased, that they prepare a
bill or propose some amendment of some bill to carry the
same into effect.
CLERK TO COMMITTEE OF CLAIMS.
The following resolution, submitted yesterday by
Mr. Norris, came up for consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee of Claims be authorised to
employ a clerk from the commencement of the present ses-
sion of Congress, to be employed during the recess in ma-
king a classified index and digest of the reports heretofore
made on private claims, with such other duties as the com-
mittee may require, at the usual rate of compensation.
Mr. NORRIS moved that the resolution lie over
for the present; which was agreed to.
INDIGENT INSANE.
i The engrossed bill making a grant of public
lands to the several States of the Union for the re-
fief and support of indigent insane persons, was
read a third time, and on the question, Shall this
bill pass ?—
Mr. YULEE demanded the yeas and
which were ordered:
TEAS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Benton, Berrien,
Borland, Bradbury, Chase, Clarke, Clay, Cooper, Davis of
Massachusetts, Dawson, Dayton, Downs, Ewing, Greene,
Hale, Hamlin, Miller, Morton, Norris, Pearce, Phelps, Pratt,
Rusk, Seward, Shields, Smith, Soule, Spruance, Sturgeon,
Underwood, Upliam, and Wales—36.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Cass, Davis of Mississippi,
Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa. Felch, Gwin, Hous-
ton, Hunter, Jones, King, Mason, Rhett, Turney, Walker,
and Yulee—46.
So the bill was passed.
HOUR OF MEETING.
The following order, submitted by Mr. Badger
on Monday, came up for consideration:
" Ordered, That from this day, until the further order of
die Senate, the hoar of meeting be 11 o'clock a. m."
Mr. EWING. I am in favor of that resolution
if we can get the Senate together at that hour. I
come here regularly at twelve o'clock, and wait
until half past twelve, before we get organized. If
there is any hope that we shall meet at the time
specified I am in favor of the resolution.
Mr. WALKER. I think if we adopt the reso-
lution it will be the means of getting us here at
twelve o'clock at least.
Mr. BADGER. I would say to the Senator
from Ohio that this is the state of things. The
hour of meeting is twelve, and we meet at half-
past twelve; if the hour of meeting were at eleven
we should meet at half past eleven perhaps, and
thus gain an hour. m,
Mr. EWING. If I was sure of that, I snould
be in favor of the resolution, but I do not wish to
come here and wait half an hour every day.
Mr. HALE. I am opposed to the resolution
for this reason: It is holding out to the country
false pretences. The Senator from North Carolina
admits that if we agree to meet at eleven we shall
not do it. I am opposed to holding out to the j
country such false pretences. I
nays;
The question was taken on the resolution, and
a division being called for, there were ayes 20,
noes 24.
So the resolution was not adopted.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBES.
The Senate next proceeded to consider the fol-
lowing order, which was introduced by Mr. Bad-
ger:
"Ordered, That each member of the Senate be supplied
with twelve additional copies of the Congressional Globa
and Appendix of tlie Inst session, and that the Secretary
cause the same to be bound."
Mr. BADGER. Since that resolution was in-
troduced, I have had a conversation with the pro-
prietor of these works. The resolution was intro-
duced without any conversation with him, or knowl-
edge by him, from the consideration ofthe import-
ance of preserving, as fai* as practicable, the very
important debates of the proceedings of the two
Houses of Congress at the last session. I under-
stand it will be doubtful whether he will be able to
supply the order at present. I move, therefore,
that tne resolution lie on the table for the present.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSENGERS DURING THE RECESS.
The following resolution, introduced by Mr.
Turkey, next came up for consideration:
Resolved, That, until otherwise ordered by the Senate,
the messengers be continued during the recess, whose duty
it shall be to fold and transmit to Senators all public docu-
ments ordered for the use ofthe Senate.
Mr. HALE. I move that the resolution be re-
ferred to the Committee on Contingent Expenses
of the Senate.
Mr. TURNEY. I hope it will not be referred.
I think there is a manifest necessity for some res-
olution on this subject, and each Senator can judge
of the propriety of su«h a resolution as well per-
haps as the committee. We know that during
the recess some persons should be in charge of
the committee rooms, to preserve the books and
papers; and the messengers ought to be retained
for that purpose, as well as for the purpose ex-
pressed on the face of the resolution. The prac-
tice now is to discharge them at the close ofthe ses-
sion of Congress, and then employ other persons to
j fold these documents. I do not see the necessity
jj of discharging the messengers who are here in the
service of the Government, who are responsible and
known to the Senate, and then to employ others.
Besides, I think it is but an act of justice to them
that they should be continued. We employ them
for three months in the year, and for the other
nine months they are idle. 1 hope, if the Senate
is not prepared to adopt the resolution now, it
may be postponed to some future day; but I do
not see the necessity of referring it to the com-
mittee.
Mr. HALE. My object in asking to have it
referred to the committe was that we might be in-
formed How many messengers would be wanted,
and how long it would be necessary to employ
them. This resolution proposes to employ them
during the whole vacation, which will be nine
months. If the resolution is referred to the com-
mittee, they can inform us how many will be
wanted, ana how long it will be necessary to em-
ploy them.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
LIEUTENANT GENERAL.
Mr. BERRIEN. If the morning business is
through, I ask the Senate to proceed to the consid-
eration of the bill to regulate the fees of the attor-
neys and marshals, and other persons connected
with the courts of the United States.
Mr. GWIN. I hope that will not be done.
There are more important cases, and I shall cer-
tainly be bound to oppose the passage of that bill.
I hope it will not be taken up this morning.
Mr. SHIELDS. I crave the attention of the
Senator from Georgia one moment. I am in favor
of taking up this bill and having it acted upon, but
there is a resolution which was reported by the
Committee on Military Affairs some time ago, and
if it is acted upon this session, I think it ought to
be very soon, else it will not be necessary to call
it up at all. It is a resolution authorizing the
President to confer the title of Lieutenant General
by brevet for eminent services. I want to have it
disposed of. 1 merely want to have a vote on it,
ana I hope there will be no discussion. For my
own part, I shall not say a single word. I will
ask, therefore, the Senator from Georgia to with-
draw his motion for a moment for the purpose of
