1851.
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOtiE.
5% 3
taking this up, and I will renew the motion to take
up his bill, and join him in it.
Mr. BERRIEN. With the understanding that
the expectation of the Senator from Illinois will be
realized, that there shall be no debate upon the
question, or in the event of its being debated that
he will move to lay it on the table, so as to allow
this bill to be taken up, I will acquiesce.
Mr. SHIELDS. If it rives rise to debate, as I
sincerely hope it will not, Iwill consent instantly to
make it the order of the day for some future day.
Mr. TURNEY. I will promise, for one, that
I am not prepared to vote for a measure, in a time
of profound peace, to create an office which was
deemed inexpedient in the time of war. Before I
vote I shall expect to hear the friends of the meas-
ure set forth some substantial and sound reasons
for the creation of such an office in a time of pro-
found peace. I cannot say whether it will lead to
debate or not, but I should like to be informed of
the reasons for it before I vote upon it.
Mr. SHIELDS. I move to postpone all prior
orders for the purpose of taking up the resolu-
tion.
Mr. BERRIEN. I beg to inquire whether it
ia the object of the Senator from Illinois, in taking
up that resolution, to make it a special order for
another day, or whether it be his object to enter
into a discussion which, as intimated by the Sen-
ator from Tennessee, must take place before a
vote is taken upon it?
Mr. SHIELDS. I have already stated that if
any discussion take place, I will not insist upon it
to-day, but Will take it up for the purpose of
making it a special order. But if there is no dis-
cussion I want to have a vote on it. Let it be
beaten if there is a majority opposed to it; and if
a majority is in favor of it, let it pass.
The motion was agreed to.
The resolution was read a second time, as fol-
lows:
Joint Resolution authorising the President to confer the title
of lieutenant general by brevet, for eminent services.
Retained by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United State* of America in Congrets aatembied,
That the additional grade of lieutenant general be, and the
mm is hereby, created in tile army, and that when, in the
opinion of the President and Senate^ it shall be deemed
proper to acknowledge eminent services of officers of the
army, in the mode already provided for in subordinate
grades, the grade of lieutenant general nay be conferred
by brevet, and by brevet only.
Mr. ATCHISON. I move to la^ the resolu-
tion upon the table; and I make that motion as a
test vote, upon which I call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. SHIELDS. Very well, let us have the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and, being
taken, were:
YEAS—Henra. Atchison, Borland, Bradbury, Cans,
Chase, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Mississippi,
Downs, Felcb, Gwiif, Hale, Hamlin, Houston, Jones, King,
Norris, Rusk, Spruance, Sturgeon, Turney, Wales, Walker,
aad Ynlee—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Benton, Ber.
rien, Butler, Clarke, Clay, Cooper, Dawson, Dayton, Dodge
of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Ewing, Greene, Hunter,
Mason, Miller, Pearce, Phelps, Pratt, Rhett, Seward,
Shields, Smith, Souid, Underwood, and Upham—28.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The resolution was then considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, and a long debate ensued, in
which many Senators took part. It will be pub-
lished in the Appendix.
The resolution was reported to the Senate, and
on the question of its engrossment for a third read-
ing, the yeas and nays were taken:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Benton, Berrien,
Batter, Clarke, Clay, Cooper, Davis of Massachusetts,
Dawson, Dayton, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa,
Douglas, Ewing, Foote, Greene, Hunter, Mason, Miller,
Morton, Pearce, Pratt, Rhett, Seward, Shields, Smith, Spru-
ance, Underwood, Upham, and Wales—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Borland, Bradbury, Bright,
Chase, Davis of Mississippi, Downs, Fetch, Gwin, Hale,
Hamlin, Houston, Jones, King, Norris, Rusk, Sturgeon,
Turney, Walker, and Whiteomb—20.
The Senate then adjourned.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL._
Mr. BAYLY asked the unanimous consent of
the Tiouse to report fronvthe Committee of Ways
and Means the army appropriation bill, that it
might be referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union and printed. If the ]
House waited until reports were called for from
the Committee of Ways and Means, in the regu- i
lar call of committees, that committee would have
to wait so long before it could report, that there
would hardly Be time for the bill to be printed be-
fore the House would be called upon to proceed to
its consideration. I
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, inquired wheth- i
er the call of the committees for reports wets not :
in order?
The SPEAKER did not understand the gentle-
man from Tennessee as objecting to the introduc-
tion of the army bill. ''
Mr. STANTON said he did not wish to throw
any obstruction in the way of its introduction.
Mr. BAYLY then, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported a bill making appro-
priations for the support of the Army for the year
ending 30th June, 1852; which was read a first and
second time by its title, referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and or-
dered to be printed. " .
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. BAYLY said that he was directed to report
back from the Committee of Ways and Means the
deficiency bill, with sundry Senate amendments,
and an amendment to one of the Senate amend-
ments. He moved that it be referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The bill waa so referred.
Mr. CROWELL asked the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a resolution.
Mr. GORMAN said that, before that resolution
was read, he would ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to withdraw from the files, for
the purpose of sending to the proper Department,
the memorial of the citizens of Owen and Greene
counties, Indiana, praying for a mail route from
Bloomington to Point Commerce.
Leave was granted.
Mr. BURT called for the regular order of busi-
ness.
The SPEAKER stated that the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Crowell] had asked the unanimous
consent of the House to offer a resolution.
The Clerk then read Mr. Crowell's resolu-
tion, as follows:
Retained, That the Secretary of War communicate to
the House of Representatives a copy of the report and draw-
ings of Captain Stansbury, of the corps of Topographical
Engineer*, of his expedition to the Salt Lake, in the Territo-
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 13, 1851.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. The Jour-
nal of yesterday was read.
Mr. RISLEY asked and obtained leave to with-
draw from the files of the House, for the purpose
of reference to one of the Executive Departments,
the papers in the case of John Russell.
ry of Utah, in 1849-'50.
Mr. BURT objected.
CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL.
Mr. JACKSON, of Georgia, wished to correct
the Journal with reference to his vote on the ap-
i peal taken yesterday from the decision of the
Chair. He found by the Globe of this morning
that he was recorded as having voted in the nega-
i tive, on the motion to lay the appeal upon the
i table. He had really voted in the affirmative. As
j it would not alter the result, he asked that themis-
j take might be corrected.
The SPEAKER said that the Journal would be
■■ so amended.
| INDEMNITY TO THE PUBLIC PRINTER.
| The SPEAKER stated, that the regular order
of business was the consideration of the report of
; the Committee on Printing on the memorial of
' Thomas Ritchie, and the pending question was on
1 the motion of the gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Burt,] to recommit the resolution with in-
structions. On this motion the gentleman from
| Kentucky [Mr. Marshall] was entitled to the
i floor.
1 Mr. McCLERNAND wished to know whether
| that was the immediate question before the House,
[ and whether the pending question was not on the
! amendment of the gentleman from Ohio? [Mr.
I ^HOWELL* 1
j The SPEAKER. The gentleman from South
Carolina moved to recommit the bill with instruc-
tions, and the gentleman from Ohio moved an
amendment to the instructions.
! Mr. McCLERNAND raised the point of order,
j that the amendment to the instructions was not in j
1 order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the amendment to the instructions is out of order.
If the point of order had been raised yesterday,
the Chair has no doubt that the amendment would
have been ruled out of order by the occupant of
the chair at the time, [Mr. Botd.] This bill is
for the relief of a particular individual. The Chair
has repeatedly ruled, during this session, in con-
formity with the universal practice of the House,
that it is not in order to amend a bill or resolution.
for the relief of A, by appending to it a provision
for the relief of B; and but a few days since, when
an amendment was offered to a bill from the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims, to add thereto a
general proposition, the Chair ruled it out of order
as an amendment to the bill. The question now
is in reference to instructions, but the Chair holds
that where the House cannot amend a bill;' it can-
not instruct a committee so to amend the bill.
Mr. CROWELL said that he intended to ap-
peal from the decision of the Chair, but that he
would not ask for a vote on the appeal now, as he
did not wish to interrupt the gentleman from Ken-'
tucky, [Mr. Marshall. 1
The SPEAKER said that the question could be
disposed of when the gentleman from Kentucky
had concluded his remarks.
Mr..ASHMUN called the attention of the
Chair to the fact, that although the first part of the
resolution related to the relief of an individual,
the latter part of it affected the general system of
public printing.
The SPEAKER said that he would examine
1the point of order more critically before the vote
was taken on the appeal.
Mr. MARSHALL. I have occupied the time
in attempting to show that this contract secured
j by this contractor was originally procured without
! any intention to execute it. I shall not multiply
1 proofs upon that point, but I shall proceed at once
to answer some of the considerations which have
been presented by my colleague [Mr. Morehkad]
in favor of granting the relief prayed for. It will
be observed that my colleague alleges*, according to
his reported remarks in the Globe, as the first
consideration which should induce us to pass
these resolutions, the delay which existed at the
commencement of the last session of Congress in
the organization of the House, accompanied by
the allegation on his part that Mr. Ritchie was
compelled to keep in his employment under pay,
and idle, during that delay, about one hundred
hands. I take issue, emphatically, on this point.
The allegation is utterly disproved by the testi-
mony presented to the committee, and I will seek
to enlighten this House on the subject by reading
testimony presented to the committee by Mr.
Ritchie himself. I read from the evidence of Mr.
John Bowen, who. is the superintendent or fore-
man of the composing-room in the Union office,
and who was examined before the committee at
the instance of Mr. Ritchie himself. He says:
" There are about twenty-five compositors in the office
on Congressional work; the number has been as great as
twenty-eight. There are sixteen compositors at the news-
paper."
There is a very great disparity between that
and a hundred hands under pay. Now, I go one
step further. They were not under pay at all
when idle. This foreman of the office tells us
what is the custom of the office. He says:
" There was a furlough at one time at the Union office
of a portion of the hands; and the cause of it, witness says,
was, that the presses could not return the letter to keep the
compositors employed, in consequence of the large number
of each document to work off. The first part of the Patent
Office report was the only document that was stereotyped.
The second part of the Patent Office report has not yet been
commenced, and witness does not know whether it is to be
| stereotyped or not. Thinks it will make a volume about
the size of the first part."
That shows to the House that, when the hands
were idle, they had a " furlough;" in other words,
that if there was any loss, it was to fall on the
journeymen printers, and not on the employer.
The second consideration which my colleague
[Mr. Morehead] urges upon this House why
they should grant this relief is, the inability of
those contractors to procure their pay for the work
done. Well, sir, if you will examine the testi-
mony, that point also vanishes like frost-work be-
fore the sun. You passed the deficiency bill in
May, and both the pay-clerk of this House and
the Secretary of the Senate were examined before
the special committee in July; and although it is
pretended that there was an inability on the part
