1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOKE.
Mr. MARSHALL. I understand  llab<mtth *t '
correspondence. I wish I had time to pay my re-
spects to it. I invite the attention of tne House,
in answer to the statement of the gentleman, to a
single point in the testimony of Mr. Hamlin, the
chairman of the Committee on Printing of the Sen-
ate. Propositions were addressed to the various
printers of this House—to Mr. Rives, Messrs.
Galea & Seaton, and the rest of them; and after
they had answered, the committee reported on the'
subject. Hare is Mr. Ritchie's bearing, and it
will show whether he had any intention to give up
his contract, except upon the basis of a return to
the law of 1819.
Mr. Hamlin swea  —
""Shorty after th«M reports W«m onto to Ike Senate,
Mr. Ritchietaiil to nie, 'Mr. Rives Khali not do anyof the
work. He has already a contract under the Government,
mrt of wiiieh he is making a large sum of mom\v, and 1
will da tk€ /rmtnt arteli*; at any torn rutker Wait' A«
«tonU fcale at."
Now, what sort of a disposition does that
evince? Wheteortof language is that to use in
reply to the chairman of a committee of Congress,
that committee being intent on relieving him?
That he does net intend to be relieved unless he
can be relieved according to his understanding
with his brother printers.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, (again
interposing,) made some remarks, which the Re-
porter was unable to catch distinctly. He was
understood to say that the contractors had un-
qualifiedly agreed to give up the contract, and that
Mr. Ritchie was not the contractor, but that
Messrs. Trenholm & Belt were the contractors.
Mr, MARSHALL. By the by, talking about
Mr. Trenholm, he is not an applicant for relief.
When the chairman of the Committee on Public
Printing introduced his resolution, why bad he
not in it taken care of the case of Mr. Trenholm?
Why are Mr. Trenholm and Mr. Towers to be
pat upon a different basis to that on which Mr.
Ritchie is proposed to be placed ? What sort of a
system of " Cast and loose" is this, which makes
fish of one and flesh of another ?
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, (again in-
terposing,) requested Mr. Muiiitu to yield him
the floor; but—
Mr. MARSHALL said, 1 would prefer pursu-
ing my own course, without bang subject to in-
terruptions that only tend to throw me off my
train of argument. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania is quite as able as T am, 1 am sure, to form
an opinion as to whether he had a right to give up
his contract or not. I have but a few moments
left, and in that time I propose to recapitulate the
positions that 1 have maintained.
In the first place, I say that there wasadesign—
well known even to the journeymen printers a bout
this city, and before we convened here in Con-
gress—to break up the contract system. There
was an expectation, not only en the part of jour-
neymen printers, but among persons generally,
that Mr. Ritchie would look to Coagngss for re-
muneration for what he thought was a bad or a
roinons contract directly after it was obtained, and
before he commenced its execution. It was proved
before our committee that he gave expression to
such a sentiment directly after the bid. Secondly,
I think that there was an impropriety -on Mr.
Ritchie's part in standing in the attitude of a pub-
lic contractor with his name signed as a security
to the bond. If he had intended Jo become a con-
tractor, the bids ought (o have been in his own
name, and the bond also; because when he puts
his name as security to a bond, and we know that
he is the principal party whose interest is in-
volved, it does not require a very deep knowledge
of ethics to characterize the transaction.
Bat what will be our attitude before the country
when it is known, by testimony which I shall col-
late and publish in connection with my speech, that
- before tee comtrenrd hen every journeyman printer in
this town knew how we were to legislate ? Should
our legislation run qualuor pt&btu with their antici-
pations ? There, is another proposition which I
nave held. It is, that this combination existed
among the metropolitan printers, at least of the
Uftienand Intelligencer, (the Republic was netex-
pected to interfere,) and that they agreed to use
their inflaence with their friends in this Hall to
change the basis on which the public printing is
done; and calculated, by the use of that influence,
to produce the desired result upon legislation. And
wear*now called upoato break downssystem, that
has been established after mature reflection, in order I
1 to meet the wishes of those gentlemen, and to put !!
it on a basis on which thry think tkty eon auike
monnj. Another proposition that I maintain is,
that no loss has been shown, and that no loss can
be shown; that when you separate the public
printing from tbe political newspaper, it is impos-
sible to show a loss. I am free to admit that I do
not think any great profits can be shown. Another
proposition is, that if we intend to adapt the prin-
ciple of indemnifying—
{Here the Chairman's hammer fell, the gentle-
man's hour having expired.]
Mr. HOLLADAY said: I should not, Mr.
Speaker, trespass upon the attention of the House,
but tor the fact that 1 was the humblest member of
the special investigating committee of which the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Maimb*m.] and
the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. Quit]
were members. But differing in opinion with
both of these gentlemen, I have felt it in some
manner iacumbent on me to state to the House
why I differ from them, and the reasons for the
\ote winch I shall give no this occasion. But be-
fore 1 go further permit me to aay, th*t those gen-
tlemen have rested their arguments chiefly upon
the testimony taken by that investigating commit-
tee. Now, I desire to say to this House that, in
my judgment, a large portion of that testimony
can furnish no safe basis for the judgment of this
House, for the reason that by far the greater por-
tion of that evidencf, indeed almost all of it, was
taken ex parte, in the absence of the persons chiefly
interested in it, who had therefore no opportunity
of cross-examining "the witnesses, or of rebutting
their testimony, by the evidence of other witnesses.
Here, then, was an investigation in which the in-
terests of Mr. Ritchie and his contractors were
most deeply involved, conducted in their absence.
. And not only was this done, but the privilege was
denied tbe contractors of being present and cross-
examining the witnesses before that committee.
It is not my intention to cast the slightest imputa-
tion upon the members of the committee, or upon
the witnesses who testified before it. But this
House cannot safely rely upon testimony taken
! under such circumstances, to come-to a just and
, (air judgment upon this question. Nor shall I
1 rely at all upon what, in my mind, I may con-
, ceive to have been the covert purposes of these
! contractors. My honorable friend from Kentucky
[Mr. Marshall] ascribes to them purposes and
acts that have not been proved to be entertained
by them, and bases his opposition to this measure
of relief on the idea that they entertained these
purposes.
Now, sir, I apprehend that in a case like this
we should do precise and exact justice to the par-
ties concern ed;yid if you suppose, for argument's
sake, that there was a covert purpose entertained, of
which this House was cognizant, I ask if it is a
. sound principle that this House, in the adminis-
tration of its power, should do injustice, because it
believes that the parties interested have entertained
improper purposes ? Sir, I do not recognize it as
a sound principle of legislative action, that we
should renise todo justice because the parties inter-
ested have in our judgment secretly harbored pur-
poses that we do not approve of. It is not a sound
principle of action for this body. It is one I can-
not recognize.
But what are die facts ? It is true that there have
' have been delays, great delays in the printing.
But they have been attributable chiefly to the ac-
tion of Congress itself. And let me call the atten-
tion of the House to seme of the reasons forthat de-
lay, which I shall do very briefly. This House
was not organized for nearly six weeks after the
commencement of the session. That was the cause
of great delay. The amount of public printing has
been increased: that was another cause of delay.
Both of tftese causes are attributable in no way to
the neglect of the contractors. Not long after the
i organization of Congress, it was provided by law
that documents of a specified size should be bound,
which was never done before. Hundreds and hun-
dreds of thousands of volumes have been bound,
| and this binding has led to the most extAtoijinary
- delays. AH these delays then are attributable,
I and properly attributable to the action of Con-
1 gress itself, and not to any neglect of duty on
j the part of the contractors. But what has been
j done by those contractors, admitting that there
[ lua been delay—a del y which hat he&) felt
very seriously by members of this House? Thy
actual amount of printing which hM been exe-
cuted, and which has been delivered to Congress,
is greater than was ever executed before by any
other contractor wifliin the same time. That, if I
have not been misinformed, is the truth upon this
subject. Is it not a refutation of the charge, that
these contractors have deliberately and designedly
neglected to perform their duty, for the purpose .of
breaking down the contract system ?
My honorable friend from Kentucky [Mr. Mar-
uutL] overlooks some of the testimony taken be-
fore that committee—one-sided testimony as it
was—that went to show that there was never
greater diligence and energy in the execution of
gublic printing, than has been exhibited by Mr.
.ilebie. That is the testimony of men who hove
been engaged in the work—and not only is it the
testimony of the workmen who are engaged in
the execution of this contract, but of the very
identical workmen who have been engaged in exe-
cuting the public printing under the various con-
tracts for twenty years past.
Well now, Mr. Speaker, upon what ground,
than, may this contractor reasonably expect relief?
He has a right to expect it for this reason, that
not only has Congress itself been the cause of the
delays which have been complained of, but that
Congress has so acted in connection with this sub-
ject as to throw upon the contractor every portion
of the work which would be most onerous, and
which would yield him the least compensation,
but has withheld from him that portion of the
work from which his profits were to be expected.
There are many classes of work which wee under-
taken at low prices. But some sort of documents,
for instance, those like the opinions of the Supreme
Court, belong to a class of work which gives high
prices. But the contractors have not received far
that work the price which they believed they were
entitled to under the contract. They have received
a less prioe than was believed to be due them under
the contract, according to the opinion of gentle-
men who are eminently qualified to form a judg-
ment on4his subject.
Mr. Speaker, there was one job which those
1 contractors conceived themselves to be entitled to,
which would have yielded them a very handsome
; profit, and would, perhaps, have made up their
i losses on other classes of the work. I refer to the
1 printing of the census,—not the blanks, but the
| document itself. The con traders had a right to
! expect that they would have the execution of this
i worki for, with one single exception, the public
.printer of Congress has always had the printing
of these documents; and on that occasion the pub-
lic printer claimed the right, but a controversy
arose on the subject between him and the Secre-
tary of State. It was expressly in proof before
this investigating committee that the contractors
relied upon the fact that the public printer, with a
«ingle exception, always had the printing of the
, census documents, and that the estimates upon
which the bids were made on this occasion ware
based upon the fact that tbe census would he de-
livered to them. But, Mr. Speaker, the printing
: of tbe census has not been given to them. The
j truth, then, is, that they have been required toper-
form, and have performed, all those classes of
i printing which yield the lowest price, and that are
the most onerous, and that all ttiat portion of Lbs
printing from which alone they could be expected
to make profit has been withheld from them; and
, that all tne printing upon which large profits could
be made has heen executed by others.
\ Congress has deprived these protractors of the
; only two classes of work on which they could ex-
: pect to realize.* profit. Congress cannot, there-
: fore, expect rightfully to enforce this contract when
j it has deprive! the contractors of the only work
! upon which they could have expected to make any
profit. I have but little respect for the precedent
to which the honorable gentleman [Mr. Mar-
shall] alluded yesterday. I wish to call the at-
tention of the House to this subject for a moment.
At the last session,a complaint was made to this
House that the gentleman who prints the Con-
gressional Globe, (Mr. Rives,) was.losing money
in -consequence of tbe protracted session of Con-
gress. There was no allegation that he had not been
paid precisely what was bargained for; and yet
this House, without debate—without opposition,
gave him the relief for which he asked. Tlieygave
u at oaee; aud liberal relief it wml This was 4ot
