S2B
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 13,
done because Congress had not fulfilled its part of
the contract with Mr. Rives. There was 110 alle-
gation that it had not .performed it to the letter.
A stronger case was referred to in the committee:
I think it was in the Twenty-seventh Congress.
Gales and Seaton were then the public printers, and
had engaged to do the work at prices twenty per
cent, less th n the prices of 1819. They said they
were losing money, and Congress at once passed
a resolution granting to them the relief they asked,
by giving them the prices of 1819, without any
reduction. In this case, there was nothing in the
shape of an allegation that Congress had done the
contractors any wrong. There was no complaint
that Congress had done anything to make the
compensation less than the contractors had reason
to expect. The case now before us is, therefore,
one which presents itself more strongly to our
sense of justice than either of the cases referred to.
Why, in all respect and kindness, I ask my hon-
orable friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall,]
who addressed the House to-day, why it is that
with these precedents fresh in our memories, with
these facts Known to every member of this House,
that he should seem to invite this spirit of party,
in which we are to participate in making up this
judgment ? Sir, 1 apprehend that if we intend to
dispense justice upon this occasion, all party spirit
had better be excluded; that spirit would tend to
blind our judgments, and not assist us in coming
to a clear and impartial decision in the case.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, (interrupting,) said he
wished to ask whether Mr. Ritchie was allowed
to appear before the committee, and examine wit-
nesses when the testimony was taken?
Mr. HOLLADAY. He was not.
Mr. COBB. Was it refused him ?
Mr. HOLLADAY. It was. He made appli-
cation, but it was expressly refused that he (Mr.
Ritchie) should appear before that committee and
examine witnesses. The investigation progressed
several months in the absence of Mr. Ritchie.
After the examination in chief had been comple-
ted—at almost the last of the session—the com-
mittee gave him permission, and he availed him-
self of the privilege.
Mr. COBB. Had the witnesses been discharged
at that time ?
Mr. HOLLADAY. The witnesses had been
dismissed.
Mr. COBB. That is what 1 wanted to know.
Mr. HOLLADAY, (in continuation ) I will
not say anything more about this spirit of party,
except that on an occasion like this, when the
House is called upon to dispense justice—simple
justice—I think that spirit of party had better be
disregarded. 1
Mr. ASHMUN here asked permission to make
a remark; but
Mr. HOLLADAY refused to yield, and con-
tinued: Mr. Speaker, it seems to me that whether
this Congress will regard any principles of justice,
or whether they will regard the precedents which
have been heretofore established, they cannot re-
fuse the relief which is asked for upon this occa-
sion in behalf of these contractors, without pro-
claiming to the world that they no longer act
upon principles of equal justice to all men. You
deny to this contractor that measure of justice
which you have given to other contractors—to
other undertakers. The circumstances in those
cases did not appeal so strongly to us for relief,
as do the circumstances of this case.
I will say nothing in regard to the imputations
which have been made against these contractors,
that they engaged to work for less than cost, for
the purpose of breaking up the contract system;
because it was equally the interest of all parties
to break down this contract system. I have noth-
ing to say in regard to the motives of the parties
concerned in making this contract; I cannot look
into the human heart; I can only look into the
facts which are knswn to me, and the evidence
which I have heard. There is no proof whatever
that that was the purpose of the contractors, and
in fact, the manner in which the work has thus
far been executed is a refutation of the charge that
•uch was their purpose. As far as Mr. Ritchie is
concerned, it is but just to say, that there is not a
particle of testimony which connects him with
such a design. It is due to him to say, that what-
e/er views may be entertained of his political opin-
ions, or of his political conduct, that throughout a
long life his reputation as an honorable gentleman,
as a man of veracity and strict integrity, he is
without a blemish.
Mr. McCLERNAND said: I wish to make an
inquiry. I have heard some questions relating to
the public printing, about which I wish some in-
formation. I understand that during the last ses-
sion of Congress a resolution was passed author- j
izing and directing the Secretary of the Interior to
cause to be printed the Report on Commerce and
Navigation, and that, in executing the order, the
Secretary of the Interior gave the job to Mr.
Gideon, or somebody else, out of which he has
made a profit of some $15,000. I wish to know i
whether these are the facts of the case? |
Mr. HOLLADAY was understood to say that
he had no knowledge upon the subject.
Mr. BAYLY was understood to say that the
facts were so.
Mr. ASHMUN. I do not rise for the purpose
of entering into this debate. I think, sir, consid-
ering the limited time we have for the performance
of the business which the public interest demands
of us, that we have spent sufficient time in discuss^
ing this question. I Delieveit has been clearly dis-
cussed on both sides,and thatthe minds ofthemem-
bers of the House are made up in relation to it.
I therefore move the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state in rela-
tion to the question of order which is now pending
before the House, that a resolution was introduced
by the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. McWil-
lie,] containing two sections; both having reference
to the public printing. The first section proposes
to change the mode of compensating the public
printers; the second makes provision in reference
to auditing the accounts of the printers during the
recess. It has been moved by the gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Burt] to recommit the reso-
lution to the Committee on Public Printing, with
instructions in reference to the mod? of compen-
sating the public printers for their losses. The
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Caowell] moved to
amend the instructions by adding a provision for
the public printers of the last Congress. The
Chair rules the amendment to be out of order. It
is not in order as an amendment to this resolution,
to provide for the claim of another individual; and
he thinks that it is not in order to instruct a com-
mittee to report an amendment to a bill or resolu-
tion which the House itself is not competent to
amend. The Chair stated that it has Deen the
uniform practice of the House, not only during
the present Congress, but in all former Congresses,
that it is not in order to add to a bill providing for
the relief of a private individual, a provision for the
relief of another private individual. If this prin-
ciple were to obtain, all the private bills on the cal-
endar could be attached to this section of the reso-
lution. The Chair has thereforatruled the amend-
ment to be out of order. From that decision the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Crowell] appeals.
The question now being, Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the House?—
Mr. WHITE demanded tellers; but they were
not ordered.
The question was then taken, and the decision
of the Chair was sustained.
The question recurred on seconding the demand
for the previous question; and on a division there
was a second.
Mr, STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, moved to
lay the resolution on the table, and on that motion
demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. McWlLLIE asked if it would be in order
for him to speak in opposition to the motion to
lay the resolution on the table?
The SPEAKER replied that it would not be in
order until the main question had been ordered.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
Stevens to lay the resolution on the table, and
resulted—yeas 90, nays 110—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Anderson, fiennett,
Bingham, Bokee, Bootb, Bowie, Briggs, Albert 6. Brown,
Burrows, Burt, Butler, Calvin, Campbell, G'artter, Casey,
Clarke, Colcock, Cole, Conger, Corwin, Crowell, Rickey,
Dixon, Doty, Duncan, Durkee, Eliot, Alexander Evans,
Nathan Bvans, Fowler, Freedley, Gentry, Giddings, Gil-
bert, uould, Halloway, Hampton, Hay, Henry, Houston,
Howe, Hunter, William T. Jackson, Julian, Kerr, George
G. King, James G. King, John A. King, Horace Mann,
Marshall, Matteson, McQueen, Meacham, Daniel F. Miller,
Moore, Morris, Morrison, Nelson, Ogle, Orr, Otis, Peaslee,
Phelps, Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds, Risley, Rock-
well, Root, Rose, Rumsey, Sackett, Schenck, Schoolcraft,
Silvester, Spaulding, Sprafue, Thaddeus Stevens, Stetson,
Thurmnn, Toombs, Van Dyke, Vinton, Wallace, VVent-
worth. White, and Wilmot—90.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Ashe, Ashmun, Averett,
Bay, Bayly, Beale, Bell, Bocock, Bowlin, Bovd, Breck,
William J. Brown, Buel, Billiard, E. C. Cabell, Joseph
Cable, George A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell. Clingman,
Williamson R. W. Cobb, Daniel, Danner, Deberry, Dim-
mick, Disney, Dunham, Edmundson, Ewing, Featherston,
Fitch, Fuller, Gerry, Gilinore, Gorman, Green, Grinnell,
Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, Haralson, Harlan, Ishain G.
Harris,Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Raymond,
•Hibbard, Holladay, Holmes, Howard, Inge, Joseph W.
Jackson, Andrew Johnson, Robeit W. Johnson, Jones,
Leffler, Levin, Littlefleld, Job Mann, Mason,McClernand,
McDonald, McDowell, Robert M. McLane, McMullen,
McWillie, Meade, John K. Miller, Millson, Morehead,
Morton,Olds, Outlaw, Owen, Parker, Peek, Penn, Phoenix,
Potter, Powell, Richardson, Robbins, Robinson, Ross, Sav-
age, Sawtelle, Seddon, Sliepperd, Stanly, Frederick P.
Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Alex'r H. Stephens, Strong,
Sweetser, Taylor, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, James
Thompson, John B. Thompson, Undeilnll, Venable, Wal-
den, Waldo, Watkins, Wellborn, Whittlesey, Wildrick,
Williams, Wright, and Young—110.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
The question recurred, "Shall the main question
be now put?" which main question was first on
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Burt.]
The question was put, and the main question
was ordered.
Mr. Mc WILLIE, availing himself of his right,
under the rule, to close the debate, said: Mr.
Speaker, it is not my purpose, sir, to trespass
upon the time of this House by making a speech
of an hour. I shall say nothing but what I believe
to be pertinent to the issue. 1 will not ulter one
word which I do not believe to be true, either as
a matter of fact or argument. I trust that, with
this promise of brevity, the House will give me
its ear, while I state what I believe will conduce
to the ends of justice.
Mr. Speaker, I have reported the resolution
lying upon your table, and I did so in pursuance
of the instructions of the committee of which I
am a member, upon the conviction that the reso-
lution was a just one, and upon the conviction
that the relief asked for should be granted. Sir, I
approach this subject as an individual, and feeling
as a man. I have but one conscience and one re-
sponsibility. As a member of this House, I feel
it is my bounden duty to grant the relief asked for
in this individual case. Let me ask the members
of this House, if an individual member of this
House had made such a contract, would they dare,
in the face of public opinion, to enforce it? The
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Orr,] who
spoke first on yesterday, referred to the case of
Shylock. This would be a case worse than that
of Shylock. Shylock was the creature of the
fioet's brain, and the principle upon which Shy-
ock acted has been consigned to everlasting in-
famy. He asks in that contract where the pound
of flesh is required, for the execution of the promise,
but in that case Shylock had not the proposition
of his debtor offering to pay the debt before due,
and asking for release. In > this instance the con-
tractor otme forward at the very beginning of the
execution of this contract, praying Congress for
relief, or for a discharge from that contract. Sir,
if I had made a contract with a mechanic to con-
struct a house, for which I had agreed to give him
$5,000, and soon after the commencement of this
contract he should discover that this house would
cost him $10,000  and pray me to increase his
price or release him from his .bond, if I held him
to that contract, before high Heaven I would fear
to have my wife and children sleep in that housr,
lest fire might consume them and it, or the house
might fall and crush them.
Sir, at the commencement of this matter, Mr.
Ritchie sued to and implored this House to be re-
lieved from his contract—or that a new arrange-
ment should be made. But the House did neither
one thing nor the other. Nothing was done until
the very close of the session. Yet he went on,
and faithfully and diligently performed the print-
ing of this House according to his contract. _ He
transacted his business with this House with a
fidelity and dispatch, as the testimony before the
select committee shows, that was never shown be-
fore.
Sir, ought we not to give him, for the faithful
services he has rendered, the relief he asks for?
Ought we to insist upon the strict execution of
this contract to the very letter ? Sir, it is a principle
of every law, human and divine, that justice should
be tempered with mercy. We are bound to do
justice, and in the same precept which inculcates
