1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
627
this idea we are ordered to love mercy. We
ought to do to others as we would wish, under
similar circumstances, others should do to us. If
there be a fact on earth proved, it is the fact that
the present contractor has not received for his
work anything like its value. Mr. Rives, an ex-
perienced contractor for this House, has told us
in his testimony before the select committee, (and
as I have it in my hands I will read it,) "that the
contract for the printing of this House could not
be executed for less than thirty-three and one third
per cent." discount from the prices of 1819—one
third deduction. Now we have proposed to pay
Mr. Ritchie only one half the price of 1819.
Mr. ORR, (interrupting.) This testimony will
be explained by referring to Mr. Rives's card, pub-
lished in the Globe of this morning. I would like
to answer him upon this point, by reading what
bears upon this point.
Mr. McWlLLIE. I will not allow it to be
read, or allow such testimony to come before this
House. A man shall not explain his oath, by a
letter or statement not under oath, to the prejudice
of another, who is an open enemy to him. Sir,
it is not only Mr. Rives who has testified to this
fact, but Mr. Wendell, the printer for the last
Congress, gives you similar testimony. Mr.
Wendell tefls you that his bids were under sixty-
six and two-thirds per cent, under the prices of
1819. He tells you that he lost $18,000, and that it
would require eleven per cent, to indemnify him,
aa it brought his compensation down to fifty-five
and two thirds per cent.
Well, now, Mr. Speaker, it is in proof before
that very same select committee, that he did not
execute nis work within ten or fifteen per cent, as
well as it had been done by Mr. Ritchie. Mr.
Gordon tells you the same thing; and every parti-
cle of his testimony which has been presented is
to the effect that the compensation which we rec-
ommend to be given is much less than what he is
entitled to for services rendered. We should not
be willing to give less. The "position of this Gov-
ernment towards its citizens ought to be paternal,
and we ought not to assume the attitude of an
oppressor and tyrant, and sacrifice every victim
which we can get upon our altars! I trust not.
Mr. Speaker, we have not only the testimony
of witnesses taken upon oath before the commit-
tee, but I have here a report made by a committee
of this House in 1846, upon the subject of public
frinting, and they tell us that the printing for this
louse cannot be executed for less than forty-five
per cent, upon the prices of 1819.
Now, with this view of the subject, is there a
doubt that fifty percent, will not give to Mr. Ritchie
more than a just compensation. I think there can
be no doubt about it. My friend from South Caro-
lina, [Mr. Oaa,] who has private griefs with Mr.
Ritchie, may think otherwise.
Sir, I am not a printer, as he is. I know noth-
ing of public printing. I have, never been in any
form connected with the press. But I am a buyer
and reader of books, and if this contract can be
executed upon these terms which the gentleman
states, I will say that I, nor any member of this
House, ever bought a book in which we were not
cheated. I never heard of such prices—a book,
octavo size, of nine hundred pages, at thirty cents
a volume. The calculations of that very commit-
tee would allow the Patent Office report, which has
been published, but nineteen cents per volume of
six hundred and twenty six pages.
Now, there is something wrong about this.
There was not an estimate of capital—there was
not an estimate of wear and tear—there was some-
thing wrong, for the work cannot be done for the
money.
Mr. Speaker, I have been frequently asked
why it is that the committee have reported a re-
duction of fifty per cent, upon the prices of 1819 ?
Why are these prices of 1819 always brought up
in this House.' It is because these are the only
prices about which we know anything certain.
You will find that every witness who has testified
before the special committee of this House, referred
his estimates to the standard of the prices of 1819?
The select committee, who reported formerly upon
this subject, say that forty-five per cent, upon the
prices of 1819, would be a fair reduction. Mr.
Rives, iii testifying before the select committee,
■ays that the reduction was thirty-three and a third
per cent, upon the prices of 1819. And so every
witness testified who was called up.
I generally am able to give a reason for what I
may do, good or bad. If the committee had re-
ported in any other form, their report would have
been entirely unintelligible. What do the mem-
bers of this House know about brevier prices, and
the various technical forms used by printers? Sup-
pose the committee had undertaken to say
precisely what should be given for the work done
by Mr. Ritchie—the precise compensation to be
given to him. By referring to the resolution of
1819, you would find language there which we
could all understand.
But here is a scale of prices adopted by the Ty-
pographical Society of this city, in which you find
provisions embodied in technical language:
" Piecc Work.—1. All works done in the English lsn"
guage, common matter, front Pica to Minion, 31 cents per
1,1)00 eina; Minion and Nonpareil, 37 cants; Agate, 39 cents;
Pearl, 41-cents; Diamond, 50 cents. The head hue, with
the blank after it, and the loot line, in all cases, to be
counted as three lined. An en, in length or width, to he
counted an em; if less than an en, not to be reckoned.
Above Pica to be charged as Pica."
Now, sir, if we should have made a report using
this technical language, who would have under-
stood it? We might as well have made a report
in Arabic or Chinese. But a reference to the rates
of 1819 everybody would be supposed to under-
stand and know something about. If we were to
make estimates, varying ten, fifty, or ninety per
cent, from the prices of 1819, we should know
something about what we were doing. If you es-
tablish a new basis, you will again be deceived,
and you will know nothing about your duties.
Now, Mr. Speaker, there is another matter
which has been pressed upon us. It has been asked
us, why did we not report a specific sum to Mr.
Ritchie? Why did we not make out Mr. Ritchie's
accounts, and submit them to this House? The
resolution of the gentleman from South Carolina
[Mr. Burt] proposes to refer the resolution back
to us, directing us to report to this House—the
rule work, figure work, the ems, and prices; and
all that kind of matter, when you had this morn-
ing a resolution offered to order the work hereaf-
ter to be done. Why. sir, the work already or-
dered by Congress—I mean at the last session—is
not yet completed, and much of the Work this ses-
sion is not yet even ordered.
Whether it will embrace ten thousand volumes
or two hundred thousand volumes, as at the last
session, we cannot tell; and to send the resolution
back to the committee to give this information,
would be an absurdity, for it would be impossible
to give it.
Mr. BURT, (interrupting.) I would be glad'if
the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. McWillie]
would state to the House how he knows, or how
Mr, Ritchie knows, that fifty per cent, from the
price of 1819 wqjild compensate him ? How does
he know that he has lost at all, except by facts
which could be reported in particulars? If Mr.
Ritchie has lost, he must know why he has lost.
Mr. McWlLLIE, This question is very easily
answered. I have given my answer already. 1
have given it in the words of Mr. Rives—in the
words of Mr. Wendell—in the words of Mr. Gor-
don—in the report of the select committee, and in
the testimony taken before the committee. The
committee raised in this House in 1846, said that
forty-five per cent, was the greatest reduction that
could be made on the price. It was impossible
for the committee to give the particulars in any
other form than in the resolution. The work is
not done yet, and the loss, therefore, cannot be
precisely estimated, and it was necessary to es-
tablish some general principle—some general basis,
with a view to some approximation of the truth.
Sir, there is not a man upon this floor who, in
his heart, believes that fifty per cent, will more
than compensate Mr. Ritchie. I do not believe
that any one who will look at the testimony can
question that fact a single moment. But we are
told that we ought not to relieve Mr. Ritchie—
that we ought to hold him to his bargain—and
that the contract system will be violated.
My friend over the way from Kentucky, [Mr.
Marshall,] who last spoke, has made an appeal
to the Whig party. Mr. Speaker, I am not cer-
tain that 1 really belong to any party. I am not
certain that I am a Democrat, although I was
brought up one, and have always acted with that
party. I may be rejected from the party, because
I certainly do not agree with Mr. Ritchie, the
editor of the Democratic party organ, which
is to be pensioned upon the Treasury. In the
present confusion of parties it i  hard for a
man to find to what party he belongs; but I still
think myself a Jeffersonian Democrat. Sir, I
know that I am not a Whig, a Free-Soiled, or
Abolitionist, and I know, too, that I am not one
of the present so-called Union party. I hear of
no Union party North. I hear of it in Missis-
sippi, in Georgia, and in some of the southern
States. I hear of no such party North. I dono4
like this sectional organization. I desire to be a
national politician, according to the fashion.of the
times. Permit me to appeal to the national feel-
ings of this House. '
Mr. LEVIN, (interrupting.) I congratulate
the country, then, Mr. Speaker, on an accession
of strength to the Native American party. The
honorable gentleman from Mississippi is certainly
a party-man, and as he is neither a Whig nor
Democrat, an Abolitionist or Free-Soiler, he must
have become a Native American. [Laughter.]
Mr. McWILLIC. I beg the gentleman's par-
don for having omitted the Native American party.
[Laughter.]
Well, Mr. Speaker, we are told again, for di-
vers reasons, that Mr. Ritchie should not be com-
pensated. My friend from South Carolina [Mr.
Our] says he should not be compensated, for the
reason that he took the contract to keep another
Democratic organ from being established here.
In addition to that, he thought that it would be a
good bargain, and that was the reason why he
took it; and he seems to have taken it to break up
the contract system. My friend over the way
[Mr. Marshall] seems to think that he took the
contract for some other reasons—to build up here
a central influence, and corrupt this Government.
All of these reasons eannot be true. Truth is
always single. Some of these four propositions
are false. Which is true? Why, if Mr. Ritchie
be an honest man, which I have never heard ques-
tioned, they are all untrue. I would ask for evi-
dence, that any of these motives operated upon
the mind of Mr. Ritchie. I was astonished that
my friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Mar«hall,] who
last addressed the House, dwelt upon the argu-
ment which he did. I really could account for it
only upon the supposition that he was suspicious,
and was jealous of the action of this House, lest
it might prove favorable to~Mr. Ritchie. You
know that to a "jealous" mind "trifles light as
air are confirmations strong as proofs of Holy
Writ." I can give the gentleman credit for sin-
cerity, upon no other ground than in supposing
that his understanding was perverted by his sus-
picions.
What is the evidence new that Mr. Ritchie was
intending to break down the contract system? It
was that Mr. Trenholm, or some workman em-
ployed by Mr. Ritchie at some timeorsome place,
God knows where, said that Mr. Ritchie wanted
to break up the contract system. Now, my friend'
knew very well that Mr. Trenholm has made no
declarations which, in any court of law or equity
upon the face of the earth, should operate to the
prejudice of Mr. Ritchie or Mr. Belt. There is no
priority or connection proved between Trenholm,
Belt, and Mr. Ritchie. Why, sir, I venture to
say, if you respect such testimony, there is no
pressman, or any person connected with the pub-
lic press in this city, -who will not express the
identical opinions which Mr.Trenholmdid. Why,
there is not a magistrate's court in this District—
there is not a magistrate's court in the world,
where upon such testimony you could find a ver-
dict against Mr. Ritchie for five dollars. The
truth is that the testimony is utterly incompetent,
and ought to have been ruled out. On having thus
fot a clew to the fact, they ought to have sent and
roughtMr. Trenholm, and proved his connection
with Mr. Ritchie. Sir, Trenholm has testified that
he was in this city. This select committee omit-
ted—for what reason it is not for me to say—but
they omitted to present to this House the best tes-
timony which the case permitted. They presented
thatwhich is no testimonyin fact, and upon which
they ask you to find a verdict. Well, the only
witness to that point was Mr. Trenholm, who has
no connection with this case, but was a contractor
on a different matter to the amount of three thou-
sand dollars for printing the Journals of this House,
and who has faithfully executed his contract.
But, Mr. Speaker, there was another witness
introduced. 1 refer to Mr. Seaton. Well, now,
