528
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 13.
I happen to knout more about that matter than my
honorable friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Mu-
ihall.] Mr. Seaton'  connection with this mat-
ter, as testified before the committee, was in Feb-
nary last, and that conspiracy to break down the
contract system, if it was ever entered into, must
therefore nave been entered into more than a year ;
before. You might as well charge a man with be- 1
ing an accessory before the fact, a year after the
crime was committed, a* implicate Mr. Seaton in
this affair. Why charge Mr. Ritchie with this
conspiracy for Oales ana Seaton's action in regard
to this matter ? The contract had been mpde more
than a year before the time in reference to which
Mr. Seaton testifies.
Now, it does seem to me, that most, if not all t
the objections which have been urged against Mr.
Ritchie's claim are very slight. It is true, a letter
was laid upon your desk and read this morning,
God knows for what effect it was intended, though
it is very evident it was hoped it would have an
-effect upon our notion in this House—if it was not
so, why waait introduced ? Now, I appeal to you,
whether it is proper to introduce such testimony
here, to influence our action, when we ore holding
« solemn inqueat upon the rights of an individual.
Why was the letter sent here? Mr. Towers
has sent no memorial to this House; he has made
no complaint of being a loser; on the contrary, 1
he has been repeatedly appealed to, and has ex-
pressed himself perfectly well satisfied with his
contract, and expressed his intention to go on
and execute his contract.
My friend from South Carolina, [Mr. On*,] I
think it was, yesterday referred to the biddiog of
last Saturday. It was also referred to and com-
mented on yesterday by tfi# gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. McLane,] the object of which
Was to show that Mr. Rives had bid off something
Jower than the fifth class of matter under Mr.
Ritchie's contract. But what does it amount to ?
Is it not known that Mr. Rives, upon that very
occasion, stated that many of the bids would not
pay for the white paper upon which they were
printed; and did not Mr. Rives also say upon this
occasion, that this whole affair of bidding was
but a gambling operation for the census printing,?
I suppose this might have been his object in his ;
action on this occasion. This is the only legiti-
mate construction I can give which is in any way
creditable to Mr. Rives. If I were to, make im-
putations—if 1 were to undertake to give the rea-
sons which might be imputed to him—if I were to
undertake to scan the motives which operate on
the human heart—I might any that Mr. Rives did
this for the purpose of making a point upon Mr.
Ritchie; but J do not «ay that these were his mo-
tives. He might have been influenced by other
nee sons; and when honorable motives can be im-
puted to a man, I never impute dishonorable
ones.
Now, gentlemen on this floor have spoken with
f eat apparent earnestness about holding Mr.
itchie to the very letter of his contract. Why,
- this Government has twiee violated its part of the
contract, by not being ready to pay when money
was due. It may not have been asked for—I be-
lieve it was not asked for—but it was none the less
the duty of Government to have paid it prompt-
ly, in accordanoe with its contract. We should
remember that we ace in a position where the
. contract cannot be enforced, while Mr. Ritchie is
-in a position where it can be; aad should we, who
occupy the vantage ground, enforce our contract
upon tikis arbitrary rule of action? I trust not.
It would be incompatible with justice—with the
magnanimity which ought to characterize our
legislative action.
Rut, air, we have precedents in this matter.
,My friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall,} who
has just addressed the House, has given us a pre-
aedeut. My friend from South Carolina, [Mr.
Oaa,] who addressed the House on yesterday,
has given us a precedent. These gentlemen both
voted-at the last session to relieve Mr. Rives from
his contract. That gentleman, finding that his
contract with this House was a losing one, makes
his statement to us, and the House generously
changes his contract and gives him indemnity
enough—more than to cover his losses.
Now I ask—I appeal to gentlemen, why is it
that Mr. Ritchie is to be made the victim ? Can it
be because he is a Democrat ? Can it be because
ha atauds in an attitude «f pah tigs 1 hostility to
many persons «pon this floor? Sir, the contract
system does not ask for such sacrifices. The
country does not ask for sjch sacrifices. We
should do justice and love mercy.
Mr. MARSHALL (interrupting) asked if the
gentleman from Mississippi, in his previous re-
marks as to his vote giving additional compensa-
tion to Mr. Rives, referred to the resolution ma-
king appropriation for paying Mr. Rives for pub-
lishing the debates of Congress in the Globe?
Mr. McWILLIE. Yes. It was not only in
the case of Mr. Rives that this was done. It was
done in the case of Messrs. Gales & Seaton,
whose contract with Congress was originally twen-
ty per cent, leas than the prices of 1819, but who
were relieved by Congress from that deduction,
and were paid the full price of 1813. This was just
twiee as much as this resolution asks for Mr.
Ritchie.
Now, Mr. Speaker, is this right, that we should
make fish of one and flesh of another? Are not
all citizens of the Republic entitled to even-handed
justice at the hands of tlus House? Sir, what
would be the effect of refusing to adopt this reso-
lution ? Why, it is to turn this old man of three
score yean and ten upon the world,and leave him
penniless, without the slightest provision for his
wife and helpless family. Sir, I admit that this
House has the power of making him a victim; and
though he may be hound upon the altar, some
other hand than mine must be found to use the
sacrificial knife. Before Heaven, as an individual
or as ^politician 1 will never do it.
The question recurred on Mr. Bust's motion
to recommit the resolution with instructions.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, called for the yeas
and nays, which were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 109, nays 91—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Alston, Anderson,
Andrews, Bennett. Bingham, Bokee, Booth, Bowie, Briggs,
Burrow*. Burt, Butler, JMeph Cable, George A. Caldwell,
Jose nil P. Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell, Cartter, Casey,
Clarke, Clinguian, Colcock, Cole, Conger, Corwin, Crowell,
Dickey, Doty, Duer, Duncan, Dunliain, Eliot, Alexander
Evans, Nathan Evans, Featherston, Fitch, Fowler, Freed-
lny, Gentry, Gerry, Gilbert, Gnu, Gould, Halloway,
Hampton, Harlan, Hay, Hebard, Henry, Houston, Howe,
Hunter, W. T. Jackson, Andrew Johnson, Julian, Kerr,
George G. King, James G. King, John A. King, Horace
Mann, Marshall, Matteson, McGaughry, Finis K. McLean,
McQueen, Meaohaui, Daniel F. Miller, Moore, Morris.
Morrison, Nelson, Ogle, Orr, (Mis, Peaslae, Phelps, Pliteuix,
Pitman, Putnam, Beed, Reynolds, Risley, Rockwell, Root,
Rose, Rumsey, Saekett, Savage, Sawtelle, Schenck, i
Schoolcraft Silvester, Spauldlug, 8prague, Stanly, Thad-
deus Stevens, Statsnu, Taylor, Ttmnnan, Underhill, Van
Dyke, Vinton. Waldo, Watkins, Weutworth, White,
Wildrick, and Wilmot—109.
NAYB—Messrs. Albertson, Ashe, Ashman, Averett,
Bayly, BeaJe, Bell, Bocoek, Bowrion, Bowlin, Boyd,
Albert G. Brawn, William J. Brown, BueL Bullard, E.
Carrington Cabell, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Daniel, Ban-
ner, Deberry, Dunmick, Disney, Edmundson, Ewing,
Fuller, Gilmore,Gorman, Green, Grinnell, Hall, Hammond,
I sham G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris,
Haymond, Hibbard, Jloiladay, Holmes, Howard. Joseph
W. Jackson, James L. Johnson, Robert W. Johnson,
Jones, La Sure, Lefller, Levin, Little'Beld, Job Mann,
Mason, McClernand, McDonald, McDowell, R. M. Mc-
Lane, McMullen, McVVillie, Meade, J. K. Miller, Millson,
Morekead, Morton, Okis, Outlaw, Owen, Parker, Peck,
Penn, Potter, Powell, Richardson, Bobbins, Robinson,
Ross, Seddon, Sheppertl, F. P. Stanton, R. H. Stanton,
Alexander H. Stephens, Strong, Sweetser, Thomas, James
Thompson', John B. Thompson, Venable, Walden, Wal-
lace, Wellborn, Whittlesey, Williams, Wright, and Young
So the joint resolution was recommitted to the
Committee on Printing with the following in-
structions;
" To inquire and report whether Mr. Site hie ha* execu-
ted the public printing, having regard to the quality of the
work and to lime, agreeably to his contract, and wist sum
be has lost by his contract.''
Mr WENT WORTH moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was recommitted,
and to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY said that th ere was a communica-
tion on the Speaker's table from the Secretary of
the Navy, designed for theCommittee of Ways and
Means, in reference to a subject now before that
committee. He asked that it might be taken up
and referred.
The communication, which related to a naval
den6t at New Orleans, was so referred.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the rules be suspended,
and the House resolve itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BUEL wished to know whether, if the
House refused to resolve iiidf into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, it would then
be in order to move to proceed to the consideration
of the business upon the Speaker's tal.le r
The SPEAKER replied that it would not.
Mr. BUEL asked if the order of business would
not then be the call of committees for reports ?
The SPEAKER stated that it would; the morn-
ing hour had not yet commenced.
Mr. BAYLY demanded tellers on his motion;
which were ordered, and Messrs. Sawtelle and
Calvin were appointed.
And the question being taken, the tellers report-
ed—ayes 88, noes 47.
So the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Meade
in the chair.)
Mr. BAYLY moved that thecommittee proceed
to the consideration of the deficiencies bill, and the
Senate amendments thereto.
Mr. DUER moved that the committee take up
the river and harbor bill.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. I rise to a
question of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion of the gentle-
man from New York is out of order, as there is a
motion now pending, that made by the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly.]
Mr. DUER. Well, I give notice that I will re-
new my motion if his motion is voted down.
[Loud cries of " Order!" and greatconfusion.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a question of order.
The river and harbor bill being the first general
appropriation bill on the calendar, it is in order.
[Laughter and confusion.]
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland. I rise to a point
of order, and I call the attention of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Dock,] and of other friends
of the river and harbor bill, to my point of or-
der  •
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. I rise to
another point of order. No debate is in order.
[Loud cries of "Order!" and increased con-
fusion.]
Mr. McLANE. The point of order I submit
The CHAIRMAN. There is already one point
of order submitted by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Schemck.1 The gentleman from Ohio raises
the point of order that the river and harbor bill w
the first business in order.4
Mr. McLANE. Will my friend from Ohio
withdraw his point of order ?
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well, I will.
Mr. McLANE. The point of order I submit
is, that it is not in order for the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Does] to move to take up the
river and harbor bill, while the motion of the gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] is pending.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has already ao
decided.
Mr. McLANE. We can vote down the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Virginia, and then it
will be in oraer. [Loud cries of "Order!"]
Mr. DUER. I content myself with giving no-
tice, under the decision of the Chair, that if the
committee refuse to take up the bill proposed by
the gentleman from Virginia [shouts of " Or-
der!"]
Mr. BAYLY. And I give notice that it is re-
garded by the Administration aa exceedingly im-
portant that this deficiency bill shall pass at once.
[Laughter and loud cries of "order and " ques-
tion T']
Mr. DUER aaked for tellers on Mr. Bayly's
motion; and they were ordered.
Messrs. Fowleb and Thomas were appointed
tellers, and the oueation being taken, they pro-
ceeded to count tne vote; but, owing to the con-
fusion which prevailed in the Hall, they were un-
able to agree, and a new count was ordered.
The question was accordingly again taken, and
the tellers reported—80 in the affirmative, 101 in
the negative.
So Mr. Bayly's motion was not agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY obtained the floor, and moved that
the committee take up the Military Academy ap-
propriation bill.
Mr. DUER. I thought that I had the floor. I
had the floor, and my motion was postponed natal
the motion of the gwitleman from Virginia wan
disposed of, but it is in order afterward^.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's motion
i out of order, and was so ruled by the Chair.
Mr. DUER. I supposed that after having <
