530
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 13,
river below the Fills at Louisville, and the Missouri and
Akransas rivers, $240,000.
For the improvement of the Red river, $80,000.
For the repair of the dam at the head of Cumberland
Island, in the Ohio river, $50,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Stamford, Connec-
ticut, ,$5,000.
For the improvement of the Hog-Island channel, in the
barbor at Charleston, South Carolina, $25,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Manitowac, In the
State of Wisconsin, $10,000. i
For the improvement of the harbor at Sheboygan, in the [
State of Wisconsin, $10,000.
For the improvement of the upper and lewer rapids of
the Mississippi river, $50,000.
For the improvement of the Hurlgate channel, in New
York harbor, S?30,000.
For the removal of rocks obstructing die navigation of
Cobscock Bay, near Falls Island, below the Port of Pem-
Iroke, on the coast of Maine, $5,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at the momh of Sag-
inaw river, in Saginaw Bay, on Lake Huron, $10,000.
For the improvement of the Bayou La Fourche, in the
Mississippi river, $£5,000.
For the improvement and farther survey of the harbor at
file mouth of Clmtonriver, on Lake St. Clair, in the State
of Michigan, $10,00(^
For the improvement of the harbor at Poltneyvffle, in the
State of New York, on Lake Ontario,$10,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at the mouth of Black
river, in the State of Michigan, $10,000.
For a survey of the harbor at Beaufort, North Carolina,
with an estimate of the cost and advantages to said harbor,
of connecting the river Neuse therewith, .$9,500.
For the survey of the Mississippi river above the Falls of
St. Anthony, for the purpose of ascertaining what improve-.
■lents (and die expense thereof) can be made in the navi-
gation at Sauke and Pike rapids, $5,000.
For completing the topographical and bydrographical sur-
vey of the delta of the Mississippi river, together with addi-
tional surveys, having reference to the overflowing of the
Mississippi river, $30,000.
For a survey of the harbor at Mobile. $5,000.
For surveying the entrance to Taunton harbor, Massa-
chusetts, $1,500.
For the improvement and farther sorvey of the harbor at
Richmond city, Virginia, and the James river from said
harbor to the month of said river, $90,000.
For the construction of snag and dredge boats, and dis-
charging scows, for the removal of obstructions in the har-
bors on the coast of Texas, $50,000.
For the removal of Middle Rock, designated on the chart
as " Rocky Buoy," in the harbor of New Haven, Connecti-
cut, $6,000.
The first section of the bill was then reported,
and the Chairman stated that it was now open to
amendment.
Mr. McLANE obtained the floor and Skid: It
is suggested to me by some gentlemen around me,
that I should move that the committee now rise.
So far as I am concerned, I hope the committee
will not rise.
[Loud cries of "Go on with your speech!"
and " Don't give way!"1
Mr. POTTER. I ask the gentleman to give
•way, that we may test the sense of the committee
on the question of rising.
Mr. McLANE. I will give way for that pur-
r>se, but I wish to be distinctly understood that
prefer that the committee shall not rise.
Mr. POTTER moved that the committee now
rise.
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana, called for tellers on
the motion that the committee rise.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Thompson,
of'Mississippi, and Haymond were appointed,
and the question being taken, the tellers reported—
ayes 30, noes 92.
So the committee refused to rise. i
Mr. McLANE again took the floor. |
Mr. MORSE. With the permission of the '
chairman of the Committee on Commerce, I desire
to propound to him a question. ;
Mr. McLANE yielded the floor. '
Mr. MORSE. 1 desire to ask the chairman of ,
the Committee of Commerce, who reported this
bill, if it is his intention to force it through the
House without debate, or is there any time within
which he proposes to restrict the debate ? Because
I desire to-be heard upon this bill.
Mr. McLANE. If the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means [Mr. Bayly] would
spare mje till the 4th of March, it would give me
great pleasure to continue the debate till that
Say. And I will say farther, in answer to the in-
quiry of the gentleman , that 1 will leave it to the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
to regulate this debate with a view to the other
appropriation bills. He may give as much or as
little time to it as he pleases.
Mr. BAYLY. As the gentleman has referred
to me, I beg to say to him that it seems pretty e'vi-
dent that the House does not intend to give the
Committee of Ways aiid Means a day until the
4th of March. .
Mr. MORSE. I wish only to state, as I may
not have an opportunity of speaking again in this
debate, that if the general appropriation bills are
not passed, it will be because a bill of this kind
has been attempted to be forced through Congress
at this late stage of the session, which will cost
more money than all the appropriation bills put
together,
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, said: When oitr
friends have disposed of this disposition to come
to an understanding as to the time to be given to
this bill, it will give mevery great pleasure to pro-
ceed with the few remarks I have to make. I
shall not tax than long, but I feel at liberty to
call upon them to give me their attention lor the
short time that I shall detain them.
The excitement and agitation manifested on
both sides of this House in regard to this bill, are,
so far as I am concerned, an indication of its high
interest and its high importance to the country.
If there were wanting considerations to warn me
that I should approach this subject with some de-
liberation and with some care, it would be the very
unusual demonstrations of feeling which have ac-
companied the motion to take up this measure as
an appropriation bill.
Sir, I have not forgotten, and the committee
must not forget, that the very last time the river
and harbor bill was considered in this House, it
was received as as appropriation bill by the Chair,
and the decision of the Chair was sustained by
the committee, and the bill proceeded with as
such. Therefore, Mr. Chairman, when I find
this unusual interest evinced, this unusual amount
of feeling manifested, and that, too, in opposition
to this bill, I am bound to assume that there are
considerations connected with it, bearing upon
the national policy of the Government, as well
perhaps as matters intrinsic to the bill itself, that
demand of me a careful and a grave consideration
of the responsibility I have undertaken in report-
ing it to this House. It becomes my duty to
make such explanations of its general character
and its particular features, as may be calculated
to induce the House to give it their support and
enact it into a law.
Now, sir, the committee will pardon me, I am
sure, if I suggest that, in my humble judgment,
there is no relation whatever between a general
system of internal improvements, as known to
the politics of the country; as known to the pub-
lic men of the country; as known to the national
policy of the country,—I say, that there is no re-
lation whatever between what is known as a gen-
eral system of internal improvements, and a spe-
cific appropriation made for the improvement of a
specific river, or a specific harbor, either by light-
house, by buoy, by pier, or by the direct removal
, of obstructions. I make this distinction, and I
adopt this course of argument, merely to call the
attention of gentlemen to the principle upon which
the bill is founded.
The bill proposes to provide for public works,
indispensable, in the full, and fair, and general ac-
ceptation of that term, to the commerce of the
country. That is to say, Mr. Chairman, if the
regulations of commerce—if the laws regulating
commerce, provide that vessels shall clear and en-
ter at particular ports in this country, shall in
those particular ports get their registers and
their licenses, then this bill assumes that it is the
duty of the power that thus regulates commerce,
to make the transit of these vessels safe, both into
and out of these ports; and the bill ought not to
go beyond these limits.
Whatever, sir, there is defective in the details
of this bill, I, for one, am ready to consider and
reject. Because I have reported it to the House,
it must not be supposed that I am insensible to its
defects, or that I shall refuse to vote for amend-
ments. There are items in the bill which, when
we reach, either upon my own motion, or the
motion of others, I shall be ready to amend and
modify. And it is that gentlemen may direct
their attention to the details of the bill, that I have
troubled them with this enunciation of the princi-
ples upon which I feel myself at liberty to advo-
cate this river and harbor bill. And in speaking
of feeling myself at liberty to advocate this bill, I
hope I am understood as referring to my political
opinions, and to my associations in the politics of
tne country. I do not suppose that any reference
to these opinions and associations are of any in-
terest to the other side of the House, but it is im-
portant to me to be understood on this side and
before the country.
But, sir, when I report a bill here, which in its
general principle and in three fourths of its details,
is analogous to laws for the construction of public
works heretofore enacted by Congress, and made
law by the republican Presidents of the United
States—when,sir, I report such a bill, three fourths
of the details of which are analogous to laws
which have been digested and signed by the re-
publican Presidents of this country—when I report
a bill which, in its phraseology, as well as in its
details, is almost a fac simile of the bill sanctioned
by the Democracy of this country prior to and
pending it* canvass in 1836, '40, and '44,1 may
be allowed to express some surprise at the heat of
the opposition, which has become so clamorous—I
might almost say, so factious—in view of the po-
litical dement involved in the question. When I
hear gentlemen indulge in bitter exclamations of
what constitute, in their eyes, Republicanism and
Democracy, I may be allowed, I hope, to express
some surprise at their want of candor, or at tlieir
want of information.
Mr. BURT, (interposing, and Mr. McLane
yielding the floor.) I would be very glad, as to
these party topics which the gentleman from Ma-
ryland is discussing, if he would say whether the
Democratic party, as a party, " made battle," in
his own language, in favor of internal improve-
ments, whether that was the Baltimore platform,
or whether it was theSouthern platform? or where
he finds his authority for that assertion?
Mr. McLANE, (resuming.) I will give the
gentleman an answer to his interrogatory. First,
be it observed that I said nothing about inlernnt
improvements, as sanctioned by the Democratic
party—I spoke of rivers and harbors; and I, with
great care and candor, presented,- before I made
that declaration, my distinction between the two.
I said, and I repeat it, that this river and harbor
bill, now before us for our consideration, is the
type of those bills which have at various periods,
and to a greater or less extent, received the sanc-
tion of every Republican President that was ever
I elected. That is what I meant to say. Now sink
[ down, if you please, to Baltimore platforms, or
Southern platforms—to individuality of 'opinion
and individuality of principle, and create, from
day to day, some new caprice for an issue and
. test of Democracy, and whether your new test be
a national, or a sectional, or a local question, I
will reject it. I would as lief submit myself to
the guardianship of honorable and conscientious
friends on this floor, who would make the econom-
ic principle alone the standard of my republican-
ism. Much as I respect their fidelity and their
usefulness, I should have to endure a separation
from them, whenever it is their pleasure to prescribe
obedience to this test, as a bond of association.
Because, sir, the economic principle is but one
element in the formation of a statesman, or of the
policy of this country. And I repeat, sir, that
1 however much I may admire the virtue and integ-
! rity and the fidelity of public servants and public
men, whose undivided attention, energy, and skill,
are contracted within this one element, I shall re-
gret their want of liberality and scope of states-
manship, when they are confined whithin this de-
ment alone. Therefore, sir, supposing this bill
once perfected in detail, no clamor which relates
to the expenditure proposed to be made receives
my respect. And if the gentlemen suppose that
well-matured opinions of mine are to be surren-
dered to their idle declamation, as to what they
will or what they will not support, either as to
men or measures, they will find themselves more
remarked on for their simplicity than respected for
their statesmanship.
Mr. BURT, (interposing.) I do not like to
interrupt the gentleman from Maryland, but I
desire to say that I happen to have looked into
this subject, and I find that some of the most
distinguished Presidents of the United States
would be placed in that category of narrow mind-
ed politicians which he does not admire* 1 find,
sir, that Mr. Jefferson, Mr. Monroe, General
Jackson, and Mr. Polk believed that an amend-
ment of the Constitution of the United States whs
necessary to make improvements in rivers and
harbors. „ , . , ,
1 desire the gentleman from Maryland to show
why these Presidents do not fall into the category
which he is so disposed to censure.
