1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
531
Mr. MeLANE, I shall be very glad to give
the gentleman from South Carolina the informa-
tion he requires, ^
Mr. BURT. And I shall be glad to answer
the gentleman from Maryland in the course of the
deflate.
Mr. McLANE. Would that I could believe
that the gentleman would be governed in his
conclusions by the facts from the record with
which I shall respond to his inquiries.
I did not say that Mr. Jefferson, Mr. Madison,
or that Mr. Folk did not express the opinion that
an amendment of the Constitution was desirable—
or rather to be desired, (for that is about their
phraseology.) I did not question that; but what
1 did say was far more pertinent, because far more
pregnant with instruction to us in the matter now
at issue. I said that they signed bills in principle
and details not differing materially from the one
under consideration.
Mr. BURT. Mr. Jefferson?
Mr. McLANE. Yes, I may even say Mr. Jef-
ferson. They signed bills making, or rather con-
taining appropriations for the same description of
expenditure I have spoken of. I did not mean to
go so far as to say that which the gentleman has
supposed. I have, however, abundant refer-
ences, to which I might call his attention, of river
and harbor improvement bills signed by Jeffer-
son, Madison, Monroe, Jackson, Van Buren, and
Polk, although I did not intend to occupy my time
in this way. Mr. Jefferson—(and I will begin
with him, because, perhaps, he was the first re-
publican President that I could begin with.) I do
not want to go back to General Washington,
though I do not believe that we ever Jiave had as
good a President; I do not think it necessary, as
ray honorable friend has indicated Mr. Jefferson
and the republican presidents succeeding him,—
Mr. Jefferson signed bills for light-houses, bea-
cons, piers, and buoys within the rivers and har-
bors embraced by our laws regulating commerce,
to say nothing of roads if not canals.
Mr. BURT. What river?
Mr. McLANE. f think the Delaware river;
to protect it from the ice, at Port Penn and New
Castle, and I think at other points further south; but
we had not then acquired our western rivers, and
the tide-water streams of the Atlantic only required
light-houses, beacons, buoys, and stakes or piers.
I desire to state in passing what I believe in my
conscience, that Mr. Madison, to whom wj next
come, took the true position on this question; and
I do not believe that Mr. Jefferson did. He (Mr.
Jefferson) took a general objection, it is true, to
the whole system; but he never pressed that ob-
jection, never insisted on that objection. He took
a philosophical jriew of the subject: pointing to the
abuses that would be introduced by this system,
" questioning its constitutionality, and advising an
amendment to the Constitution, which, while it
would give power to Government, would also limit
that power; but meanwhile acquiesced in the ex-
ereise of the power without further constitutional
amendment. Madison took issue on this sub-
ject with the statesmen of his day, and elaborated
the whole question, while at the same time he es-
tablished the policy of the Democratic party in
regard to it.
1 say, I believe he took the true distinction, a
distinction upon which I desired this bill to be
founded. Whilst Mr. Adams (I take him as the
most illustrious and most consistent of the cham-
pions of the other system) illustrated the opposite
policy, the policy known and combated as the
, internal-improvement policy.
I take him (Mr. Adams) rather than Mr. Mon-
roe, not because he went further than Mr. Monroe,
because he did not go so far, but I take him be-
cause he was consistent, steady, and, I think, the
most intelligent in his views on the question. He
aaid that the clause in the Constitution to levy
taxes, to lay duties, and provide for the general
welfare, was one power; the phraseology in the
latter part of the clause giving character to the
phraseology of the first part of it; that the object
for which the taxes were levied was the general
welfare, and that whenever, in the discretion of
Congress, the general welfare would be secured or
promoted by appropriations, then it was constitu-
tional and desirable. Mr. Madison tookissue, and in
paper after paper addressed to thepublic in his own
State, and to the nation, and more particularly in his
famous letter to Andrew Stevenson, hegave his ex-
Fosition to that clause of the Constitution to which
have referred, as constituting a simple and single
! power to raise money and not to spend it, and that
; those words " the general welfare were insignifi-
cant expletives; that what was the general wel-
fare must be looked for in specific grants of power,
and that none of the money thus raised by direct
taxes should ever be expended unless it were to
carry out an express power of Congress. There
was the distinction upon which the Republican
party placed itself in opposition to the internal
improvement policy so ardently advocated by the
National Republican party of that day, following
the administrations of Madison and Monroe, and
taking issue on this question before the people du-
ring the administration of John duincy Adams.
I am not afraid that these positions, either as re-
gards their historical accuracy, or as to the princi-
ples involved, can be refuted here. And, sir, in
the pursuit of this policy where did we find our-
selves under Jackson's administration, which re-
sulted in the overthrow of John duincy Adams ?
Go and read those messages. I shall not take up
my time in reading them to you. Take his veto of
the Maysville road bill, or the Wabash river mes-
1 sage, and you will find General Jackson striking
at the unbridled policy and principles set forth by
Mr. Adams, and at the abuses growing up under
this system of internal improvement, while he vin-
dicates the views of Mr. Madison, and cheerfully
acquiesced in the legitimate use of the commercial
! power to build light-houses, piers, and to remove
the obstructions from the Ohio, Mississippi, and
otherrivers, while he objected to the Wabash as
' an unnecessary and local improvement; he treated
it, I believe, as neither national nor necessary, and
in no sense incidental to the exercise of any granted
power.
Thus General Jackson first illustrates the prin-
ciples of the Republican party, and then he signs
the river and harbor bill, inorderto give the coun-
try a practical illustration of what those principles
are. From General Jackson's administration, we
come down to Mr. Van Buren's—and no new
issues of the day, whether sectional or otherwise,
can deprive that Administration of its excellence,
its purity and sound republicanism, so honorable
in comparison with any that ever governed the
country, for sound constitutional doctrine and
statesmanship,—and, sir, during that Administra-
tion we passed the bill Upon which this bill is
framed. I did not choose, Mr. Chairman, to ex-
pose myself to any misrepresentation, whether in
or out of this House, on this subject, therefore I
addressed a letter to the Secretary of War, desiring
him to inform me what public works were in ex-
istence and authorized bylaw, when that bureau of
the Government was created on their superintend-
ence and construction in the years 1837-'8. And,
sir, I hold in my hand a report from that bureau
which gives at length the public works then in ex-
istence. It opens with the last act previous to the
transfer of these works, an act passed in 1838.
Let me tell my honorable friends on this side of
the House, that that act was reported to Congress
by Silas Wright of New York. And, as I said
before, there was no Republican Administration
that ever illustrated more fairly and more truly the
Republican policy than that of Martin Van Bu-
ren ; and I say further, that no man among those
who ever gathered round him was more brilliant
or more sound and true in his advocacy of that
policy than Silas Wright.
Mr. HOLMES. He voted for the tariff. I
Mr. McLANE. Well, sir, I would have voted
for the tariff which he voted for, probably, under
the circumstances of his vote. He was not the
only distinguished statesman of his party that so
voted.
Mr. HOLMES. Will the gentleman be kind
enough to tell me what Democracy is, then ? [Great
laughter.]
Mr. McLANE. If I wanted a practical sarcasm
with which to adorn any attempted illustration of
professing Democracy or Democrats, I would have
propounded that very inquiry to my friend from
South Carolina before all other men. [Loud
laughter.]
Mr. HOLMES. I have the advantage of the
inquiry. Will the gentleman answer me ? [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. McLANE. He has not the advantage at
all, because those who live in glass houses ought
not to throw stones, though even they had for a
target a vessel yet more frail than he is likely to
find me.
Mr. HOLMES. But tell me what Democracy
is?
Mr. McLANE. If he will have the candor to
take my explanation in good faith, I will tell him
what I think a good Democrat is, though he is
interfering greatly with my subject. I think a true,
fair, and virtuous adherence to a party organiza-
tion which professes principles, and which carries
out the principles professed by the organization,
is the true test of a party man, whether Democrat
or Whig. [Great laughter.]
Mr. HALL here made a remark inaudible to
the Reporter.
Mr. McLANE. The gentleman from Missouri
had better not interrupt me, for he is already in
the category of sound men, and not a broken ves-
sel like my friend from South Carolina. [Cries of
"Oh ! Oh !" and laughter.]
So much for a Democrat, #r Democracy as it
lives in the hour; but if you ask me what abstract
Democracy is, you throw me back into philosophy
and abstraction. I would rather deal with those
more substantial and existing bodies, or parties,
that would rule us all. The Democratic party,
known to the policy and history of this country,
is the test in question it would seem, I have an-
swered for.  
Mr. CARTTER. If the gentleman will giv*
way, I will move that the committee rise. [Laugh-
terj
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Maryland yield the floor?
Mr. McLANE. No, sir; I would rather not.
I only ask gentlemen to give me their attention for
a short time. If the gentleman is getting hungry
he can leave. I am asked by the gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Holmes] to waive this gen-
eral question of Democracy, to waive this general
question of republicanism. But what are the
principles ot, or what' is the Democratic party?
It would not be difficult to find those who thought
it in 1848 to be embodied in the Baltimore resolu-
tions, and " Cass and Butler." So in 1844 it was
" Polk, Dallas, Texas, and the whole of Oregon."
Mr. STANLY. Mr. Chairman, there is .so
much " noise" and confusion" we cannot hear.
[Laughter.]
Mr. McLANE. There now', sir. I have indi-
cated what to many, who seem very fastidious now,
was enough for the type and symbol of the Dem-
ocratic party in 1844 and in 1848. In 1840 " hard
cider" and " coon skins" veiled everything and
all sides, unless it were in Virginia, where Mr.
Poinsett's militia law wfc looked upon as the em-
bodiment of the monster party, as my friend be-
fore me will testify, perhaps.
Mr. SEDDON. Do I understand the gentle-
man from Maryland as making allusion to me?
Mr. McLANE. Yes, I thought you would rec-
ollect the tempest of that hour against Mr. Van
Buren's standing army.
Mr. SEDDON. He knows well, that in that
memorable company we remembered the old adage,
that we were to regard principles rather than men.
Mr. McLANE. So did we at Baltimore, sir. ■
Mr. CARTTER. I call the gentlemen to order.
In the first place, neither of the gentlemen have
the power of defining what the Democratic party
is, even if they have the ability. [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. What is the gentleman's
point of order?
Mr. CARTTER. I eall the gentleman from Ma-
ryland to order. It is only in order to discuss this
bill or the state of the Union generally.
Mr. McLANE. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his point of order. I am sorry that I
have been invited to this course of remark. It
would have been more agreeable to me to have
confined myself more particularly to the bill; but
the questions that my friend from South Carolina
felt himself At liberty to ask, Jed me off into a train
of remark I had not intended or desired. So far,
the remarks that have been addressed to me are
somewhat of a party character. It matters very
little to me whether the attack be covert or direct.
It is rather my policy to go more than half way
to meet it. Whether these questions be large and
general and national, or wnether they be local
and sectional, I have lived long enough to know
that the true course for a public man, is to pursue
his own line of judgment and action, within the
circle of his own principles. Let him be placed
