£32
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 13
where he may, it often happens that men of very II
opnosite opinions are, by pursuing that line of
conduct, thrown in^o very extraordinary conjunc- ,
tious; though, as a general rule, some of us con-
tinue steadily enough in one line of association.
Mr. HALL. Is your name on that paper ?
Mr. McLANE. That paper! I think I know :
the paper to which the gentleman alludes. My 1
name is not on that paper, and never will be, sim-
ply because I thought it injudicious to put it on.
I saw no wisdom, so far as my position or opinion
was concerned, in signing the matter in question; 1
but I have never thrown stones at those who did,
and I leave them without any reproach of mine to
their own obligations.
• Without concluding, Mr. McLane here gave
way to
Mr. CARTTER, on whose motion the com-
mittee rose", and the Speaker having resumed the
chair, the chairman of the committee reported i
progress. •
On motion of Mr. BURT, the House adjourned, j
PETITIONS, &c. i
Tlie following petitions and memorials were presented i
under the rule, and referred to appropriate committees: j
By Mr. WALDO: The petition of the heirs of Colonel ,
Bbenezer Gray, deceased, asking that the act granting re- '
lief to Mrs. Charlotte Lynch, one of the heirs-at-lanr of the
fiid Ebenezer Gray, be so amended that the sum therein
amed shall be paid to all the heirs of said deceased, in the
same manner that it would have been distributed to them
as a part of the intestate estate of said deceased, or that .
they may have other relief. I
By Mr. ROBBIN3: The petition of Charles B. Engleand
49 others, citizens of the county of Philadelphia, Pennsyl-
vania, asking Congress to modify the act passed September
18,1850, so as to give to each person intended to be bene-
fited thereby, one hundred and sixty acres of bounty land.
By Mr. FREEDLEY: Resolutions of the Legislature of
Pennsylvania, m favor of granting to tlie soldiers of the war
of 1812, and of the Indian wars, to each one hundred and
sixty acres of land.
jVIjo, resolutions of the same, asking Congress to- make
tho necessary appropriation for the repairs of piers at Ches-
ter, on the Delaware.
By Mr. JULIAN: The petition of 30 citizens of Wayne
county, Indiana, praying Congress to repeal the fugitive-
slave law passed at the last session.
By Mr. THOMPSON: The memorial of citizens of Penn-
sylvania, for a modification of the tariff law.
ByMr. ALLEN: The petition of 47 inhabitants of Barrc,
Massachusetts, for repeal of fugitive slave law.
Also, of 166 inhabitants of Sterling,-Massachusetts, for '
the samp.
Also, o£B19 inhabitants of Gardner, Massachusetts, Tot the ;
same.
Also, of 233 inhabitants of Townsend, Massachusetts, for j,
the same. • 1
Also, of 63 inhabitants of Sudbury, Massachusetts, for the | j
same. \
. Also, of 150 inhabitants of Narthborougb, Massachusetts, !
for the same. B \ j
By Mr. HAMPTON: The petition of sundry members of 11
&e Pittsburghar, prayingforan inquiry into the official con- i
duct of the Honorable Thomas Irwin, judge of the district ■
court of the United States for the Western district of Penn-
sylvania. j
The following are the charges preferred against him:
That he lius appointed his son clerk of the said court
when he knew he was incompetent to discharge its duties, i
and continued him in office when he knew that the duties
of the clerkship were grossly neglected, and required of his 1
son no security for the faithful performance of his duties,
ilthough the receipts of the clerkship were enormous.
He has reserved and enforced the payment to himself of
large amounts of fees as due to his sun from the United ;
" States, which he knew the United States ought not t« have ,
paid. 1
He was himself the recipient during the clerkship of his
son of the fees of his clerkship to an enormous amount.
He conducted the business of the bankrupt court, for his -
own emolument, without regard to the public interest.
He has caused entries to be made in the dockets  f tlie
court of the sittings of the court for long periods when no :
eonrt was held, and he was absent at a distance during all
llie time, for the purpose of placing fees in his own pocket.
He has pretended, for his own emolument, to keep open
his court, at other times, from day to day, when for six
months at a time no business would be transacted what-
ever, whereby the Government has been subjected to great
expense.
lie has enforced from marshals and officers of the court
the payment to himself of largo sums as fecsdue to his son,
when no such fees were due, or to whieh he had no lawful
authority.
He has repeatedly, for his own emolument, and to the great
expense of the Government, certified to the ke-jping open
of his court when no court was open, or no business trans-
acted for long periods, and certified to the Government for
large amounts of fees, when no such fees were due.
He has appointed clerk* of the court over which he pre-
sides, with the understanding that he or his family were to
receive the fees of office., or large portions thereof have
been paid to him.
He has entered rules and judgment* and ordered processes
to compel the payment, for his own emolument, of large
amounts of fees, when no such fees could, on any pretence
of law, be claimed of the parties oppressed.
He drew out of bank and used for his own emolument
th« funds deposited by order of the court over which he
presides.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 13, 1851.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a memorial from
citizens of New York, interested in patents, com-
plaining that then is no law by which 1 Legal or
fraudulent patents can be repealed, and asking that
a law may be enacted empowering the courts to
declare a patent illegal when proved to be so. They ^
complain also that all-grants of. patents are secret
and ex parte, and express their belief that under
the present system many unscrupulous persons ,
procure fraudulent patents, which are made to act
oppressively upon the rights of the public. >
Also, another from O. C. Morgan and others; j|
inventors, &c., asking the Senate to defer action
on the patent laws until next session; both of which ; i
memorials were ordered to lie on the table. j
Mr. GREENE presented a memorial from offi- |
cers of the United States Army of the ninth military I
district, asking for themselves and the soldiers un-
der them to be placed on the same footing with
: regard to pay and emoluments as those stationed j
in California and Oregon; which was referred to i
" the Committee on Military Affairs.
Also, a memorial from officers of the Army sta-
tioned at Fort Adams, in Rhode Island, asking an .
appropriation of $5,000 for the construction of a !
military road from that fort to Newport; which 1
, was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs. ,
! Mr. YULEE presented a petition from Samuel
Lawrence, asking to be allowed compensation for
his services as acting gunner in the United States j
i Navy, which was referred to the Committee on
i Naval Affairs.
I Also, a memorial from the Jacksonville and ,
• Alligator Plank Road Company in Florida, asking
: to be allowed certain alternate sections of land in |
j the State of Florida; which was referred to the |
i Committee on the Public Lands.
> Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, presented a raemn-
j morial from the American Institute and others of ,
| New York, asking that no further legislation may •
i be had by Congress on the patent laws until the :
subject has been fully examined by a select com- 1
' mittee appointed for the purpose; which was or-
dered to he on the table.
Mr. MILLER presented a memorial from citi- [
zens of New York, asking that a law may be ,
passed empowering the courts to declare a patent
to be illegal when proyed to be so; which was or-
dered to lie on the table.
i Mr. HAMLIN presented a memorial from ,
j Thomas Thurston, owner of the schooner Wan-
' derer, asking the passage of a law by which he
I can be enabled to receive #136 80, due to him as
j! fishing bounty; which was referred to the Commit-
j tee on Commerce.
;! Mr. STURGEON presented a memorial from
j i inhabitants of the city and county of Philadelphia,
1! engaged in the manufacture and sale of mathemat-
; icid, optical, and pliilosophicalinstruments, remon-
'; strating against the law by which such articles are
; j admitted free of duty when imported for educa-
: tional purposes by the numerous colleges and
academies of the United States, while on the other
; hand a duty of thirty per cent, ad valorem is levied
I when imported as articles of trade and commerce,
which inequality of imports is highly detrimental
1 to the American manufacturer. These memorial-
' ists ask, in conclusion, that a law may be passed
imposing a duty of twenty-five per cent, aa valo-
' rem upon the importation of all mathematical,
optical, and philosophical instruments, without
i exception to any privileged bodies or wealthy cor-
porations, or any individuals whatever, and thus
reduce to practice that abstract principle of equal
1 rights which forms the pride and boast of every
American. The memorial was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. CASS presented the memorial of Charles
Goodyear, in relation to his patent for certain im-
provements in the preparation of India rubber for
manufacturing purposes; which was referred to
the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. WALKER presented a petition from in-
habitants of Centreville, Indiana, asking that the
public lands may be granted in limited quantities
to actual settlers not possessed of other lands;
, which was ordered to lie on the table.
- Mr. SEWARD presented a memorial from the
; assistant marshals for taking the census in Dutch-
; ess county, New T£prk, asking to be allowed addi-
■ tional compensation; which was referred to the
I Committee of Claims.
Mr. DAWSON presented the petition of Eliza
Ann Kendall, widow of Captain Henry Kendall,
who'was killed in Mexico, asking that the pension
she now receive* may be continued during her
natural life; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. PEARCE presented the memorial of E
Mickle & Co., asking the refunding of certain du-
ties on goods imported by them into California in
1849; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
On motion by Mr. JONES, it was ordered that
Hugh C. Davis have leave to withdraw his peti-
tion and papers.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, to which was referred the
memorial of William E. Woodbridge, asking an
appropriation to test by experiments with guns of
heavy caliber an implement in gunnery invented
by him, asked to be discharged from, tlie further
consideration of the same; which was agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the memorial of T. P. Shaffner, asking
the establishment of military posts from the fron-
tier of Missouri to Santa Fe, for the protection of a
line of telegraphs which he proposes to establish,
asked to be discharged from the further consider-
ation of the same; which was agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the resolutions of the Legislature of Penn-
sylvania, in favor of granting to the soldiers and
sailors who served in the last war with Great Brit-
ain and the Indian wars, the same quantity of
j bounty lanji as was allowed to those who served
: in the war with Mexico, asked to be discharged
j from the further consideration of the same; which
was agreed to.
' Also, from the same committee, to which were
1 referred the various memorials from citizens of
Pennsylvania, some eight or ten in number, in
favor of such modification of the bounty land law
as will secure one hundred and sixty acres to all
those who served in the war of 1812, asked to be
discharged from the further consideration of the
same; which was agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred so much of the President's message as re-
late to the Army, reported a bill to increase the
efficiency of the Army, by a retired list for disabled
officers; which was read and ordered to a second
reading.
.Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Mili-
; tary Affairs, to which was referred the memorial
of Charles W. Carroll, asking redress for injuries
I suffered in consequence of his arrest and detention
|on an alleged false charge of being a deserter from
!; the recruits enlisted for the army, submitted an
, elaborate report, which was ordered to be printed;
II closing with a resolution that the prayer of the
! petitioner be rejected.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
I referred the petition of E. P. Hale for bounty land,
' three months' pay, and compensation for services
>' as assist surgeon in the second regiment of T«n-
II nessee volunteers in the Mexican war, submitted
I a report in writing, which was ordered to he
; printed, adverse to the prayer of the petitioner.
1 Also, from the same committee, to which was
I referred the memorial of Dr. H. R. Robards, for
' payment due him as surgeon in the Army during
the Mexican war, submitted a report in writing,
! which was ordered to be printed, adverse to the
prayer of the petitioner.
Mr. JONES, from the Committee on Pensions,
; to which was referred the bill for the relief of cer-
tain widows of officers and soldiers of the revolt!-
! tionary war, submitted a report in writing, which
, was ordered to be printed, recommending that the
bill do not pass.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred House bill No. 276, for the relief of Wil-
liam B. Edwards, reported back the same without
amendment.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred House bill No. 271, for tlie relief of Geo.
C. Thomas, submitted a report in writing; which
, was ondered to be printed, recommending that the
bill do not pass.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred House bill No. 268, for the relief of
James F. Green, submitted a report in writing;
which was ordered to b« printed, recommending
that the bill do not pass.
