534
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 13,
relation to this subject, my views are not exae'Jy
so matured that I would be willing to vote upon it
now. I wish further time to look into it, and I
alao desire to reward the Senator from Georgia for
yielding «he floor yesterday.
Mr. WALKER. I think the reasons urged by
the Senators from Georgia and Illinois for taking
up the bill which they desire to have taken up are
not very well founded. Yesterday the motion
was made to take up that bill, and the Senate
would have concurred in taking it up, but the Sen-
ator from Georgia gave way that the joint resolu-
tion to confer titles of distinction might be taken
up. His day in consequence was exhausted, and
now, having had his day, I think it is well enough
that the large class of our fellbw-citizens, who are
interested in the patent bill, should have their day.
I do hope the Senate will take it up.
Mr. BERRIEN. I certainly did hope that the
disposition manifested to accommodate others yes-
teraay, and other d#ys, by yielding to other Sen-
ators, would have been met in a different spirit
from that in which it has been met by the Senator
from Wisconsin. But I do not rest the claim for
the attention of the Senate to this bill upon that
consideration. The bill which it is proposed to
take up on the motion of the Senator from .New
Hampshire, is a bill to regulate the granting of
patents. The existing law of patents may or may
not require the amendments proposed by this bill.
But, whatever be its defects, it is general and
universal in its operation throughout the United
States. The act which it is proposed to regulate
by this bill -which I ask the Senate to consider, is
at this moment liable to three distinct rules or
regulations—to the laws of. the United States, to
the laws of the several States which have been re-
ferred to by acts relative to the fees of officers of
the courts, and to the usages and practices which
have grown up in the different States of the Union;
the result of which is that there is no uniform rule
regulating this subject throughout the United
States, the practice in the courts being as various
as the States in the Union are numerous. This
operates to the great injury of the Government. It
is to release it from that injury that this bill is
pressed upon the consideration of the Senate. 1
notice that in the discussion of a motion to take
up a particular bill the merits of that bill are alone
hefore the Senate; but, with great deference, I
think it is perfectly consistent with parliamentary
Tule to assign the reasons which induce a member
to oppose the consideration of that bill. It is with
that purpose that these reasons have been given,
I hope without any departure from parliamentary
rule. However, having presented these views to
the Senate, 1 have no farther interest in this bill
than other Senators. The labor of preparing it
has been imposed upon me, and I desire to submit
it to the Senate. Their decision will be perfectly
acceptable to me.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to say merely that, so
far as considerations of courtesy due to Senators
is in question, I think the motion of the honorable
Senator from Georgia is entitled to preference,
upon two grounds. In the first place, he gave way
yesterday to the motion of the Senator from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Shields,] under the expressed pleasure
of a majority of the Senate that he should do so,
which implied that they would to-day give their
consideration to his own bill. This, however, is
a matter of mere courtesy. But in regard to the
Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Phelps,] there is a
question of not mere courtesy, but of justice. I
happen to know that he has qualified himself to
discuss the bill of the honorable Senator from
Tennessee in all its parts. I do not happen to
know that any other one is prepared to do so. It
is stated to us, and I believe it, that the Senator
from Vermont is detained by sickness to-day.
That being so, I should be unwilling, under any
circumstances, to deprive him of the opportunity
of being heard. I hope the Senate will take up
the bill proposed by the Senator from Georgia. If
we shall go through with it to-day, and I presume
we shall in a short time, the Senator from Ver-
mont may then be in his place; and if he should
not, then on to-morrow he may be expected to
give us the benefit of his examination of the sub-
ject—a benefit which I confess I desire to have
before I shall be called upon to vote on the bill of
the Senator from Tennessee.
Mr. BORLAND. I do hope that the motion
of the Senator from New Hampshire to take up
the bill relating to the patent laws will prevail.
Whatever others may intend to do, it is certain
that I shall not enter mto tiny discussion of its
merits. I am prepared to vote upon it at once. I
think the bill has nada thorough examination. I i
have been, and I suppose others have been per-
fectly inundated witn letters flhd documents with
regard to this subject. They have seemed to I
come from every quarter; and if any one wishes ;
to understand the subject, I think we have had a |
fair opportunity, and if we do not understand it
now, we never shall. It has become an incubus j
upon us, from the attention which we are called 1
upon to give to it. The missives sent here have '
been as annoying as were the frogs of Egypt;
they follow us everywhere—in the Senate chamber, ;
in the committee rooms, in our own chambers,
and at the dinner table. We are overwhelmed ,
with them. I feel it is due to ourselves to get clear
of them, and that the Committee on Patents should i
be clear of the subject. They have been for weeks
urging its- consideration upon the Senate. They ;
do not ask anything but Ihe action of the Senate
in some way. They do not press its adoption,
but are willing, if the Senate desire it, that it |
should be laid on the table, so that we may be i
done with it. i
Mr. BADGER. I wish to say a word to ex- ;
plain the vote which I shall give. I recognize the !
nigh claims which the Senator from Georgia has i
on the courtesy of the Senate to proceed to the ;
consideration of his bill, as well as the additional i
reasons he has stated of its importance to the coun-
try; but I must say that, after looking at the course
taken with regarfl to the bill reported by the Sena- i
tor from Tennessee, [Mr. Tcrney] I do feel that I
he has a prior right to have that bill taken up and
disposed of. I recollect that during the last ses-
sion, in the heat of Summer, he over and over
again made the most earnest and anxious appeals
to the Senate at least to relieve him from the re-
sponsibility imposed upon him, by making some
disposition of it. It lias been made the special
order of the day, and has been postponed for other
business almost times without number. All that
he asks is, that the question may be taken, so as
to dispose of the bill in some way. I do not say
this for the purpose of relieving myself from the .
embarrassment which some Senators have under- '
gone; for, although I receive almost every day
written or printed communications on the subject/
I am a little too wise to permit them to annoy me. '
But, though I am not, it seems others are annoyed,
and I should be glad that they might be relieved i
from the personal suffering which is inflicted upon 1
them. If the bill is taken up, I shall hope that it
will be pressed to some action immediately, to test |
the sense of the Senate whether they will pass it
or not, so as to relieve the committee from press-
ing its consideration every day. I think it is due
1 to the Senator from Tennessee that we should get
rid of it in some way or other.
Mr. BUTLER. I cannot do justice to myself
without making a remark in relation to this bill.
If we take up the bill relating to the patent laws,
from the considerations presented by the Senator
from Arkansas, it will be yielding to the importu-
nities of private agents, who are urging the claims
of this bill upon the Senate, instead of yielding to
the demands of justice and the claims of the coun-
try. I have also been annoyed by the importuni-
ty of these persons. I can scarcely sit down to
my breakfast without receiving something by way
of a communication on the subject of the patent
laws. But when the bill upon the patent laws
shall betaken up, I want some gentleman who un-
derstands the subject better than I do, to explain
the bill before I shall feel prepared to vote upon it.
I believe the Senator from Vermont has made him-
self familiar with the subject, and is as well able
to explain it as any one on this floor. I leave the
Senate to say whether they will take up a bill in
consequence of private importunities. I believe it
is saia that an unjust judge once did so.
Mr. DOWNS. I think this discussion has
proved very clearly that the best plan is to take
up the special orders in their order. We have al-
ready taken up more than half an hour in the con-
troversy as to which bill shall be taken up. I do
hope that the special orders will be taken up and
proceeded with according to their order.
Mr. President, it is urged by some members
around me that I should make a motion to take up
the special orders. I conceive that no such a mo- I
tion is necessary. That is a matter of course, if
we refuse to postpone the previous orders to take
up a particular bill. So far as the particular bill
now the subject of this motion is concerned, there
is certainly a very strong reason why it should
not be taken up to-day. It is stated on all sides
that a gentleman has prepared himself to give his
views at large upon tnis subject. When that is
the case, ai\p the subject is of so much importance
to the country, involving so ninny interests, which
it is understood the Senator from Vermont is so
well prepared to discuss, I think it is a departure
from the usual course of the Senate to insist on
taking it up under the circumstances.
A great deal has been said by the Senator from
Georgia and the Senator from South Carolina
about the fee bill. It seems to me there is a great
deal of unnecessary zeal on that subject. It was
reported here at the last session. If so indispens-
ably necessary, why was it not brought to the at-
tention of the Senate, and urged more strenuously
before we got so far into the session, when other
matters of pressing importance are brought up !
But I can-inform Senators, that as to the neces-
sity which they urge for that bill, the enormous
amount paid, or likely to be paid in fees, under the
laws as they exist, I can relieve their apprehen-
sions on the subject, for the existing officers have
put a stop to the payment of these large fees with-
out the action of Congress. They have taken it
into their own hands. At least I know of one case
in which they have refused to pay anything beyond
the limit made by the laws of 1842; which is, that
district attorneys shall not receive exceeding six
thousand dollars, and clerks and marshals not ex-
ceeding three thousand dollars. Now, this being
so, as we have executive officers who can take the
laws to themselves to prevent these inconveniences,
since we have suffered this bill to remain through
the long session, and to this time in the present
session, it will be no great inconvenience to lay it
over a little longer. I know the subject requires
action, but there is no danger that these enormous
fees will be paid. I therefore hope, both as a gen-
eral principle of practice and for the convenience
of all concerned, that instead of agreeing to a mo-
tion to take up any particular bill, we will take
up the special orders in their order.
Mr. BUTLER. I am afraid my friend from
Louisiana has some other motive for desiring that
this bill should not be taken up than simply a wish
to follow the order of the calendar. I will venture
to say that one of the first bills on the calendar
will be found to be one to make some provision
to prevent the overflow of the swamp lands in
Louisiana.
Mr. DOWNS. The honorable Senator from
South Carolina has the advantage of me and oth-
ers; for, while almost all others have some partic-
ular bill in their charge, he is so fortunate as to
have none. [Laughter.]
Mr, BERRIEN. I think it necessary to an-
swer the suggestion of the Senator from Louisi-
ana, as to the delay in bringing forward this bill,
by saying that it is a bill of multiplied detail;
that it has been necessary to subject it to repeated
supervisions of different persons supposed to be
qualified to judge of its provisions. It is owing to
that circumstance, and with a view to render it as
perfect as this examination could make it, and
thereby save the Senate from some unnecessary
labor, that it has been delayed. I hope this answer
is sufficient to a member of the Judiciary Com-
mittee.
With respect to the suggestion that the Senator
makes, that the existing laws will prevent the evils
which this bill is intended to remedy, and with
reference to the act of 1842; I have to say that the
effect and operation of that act is limited to some
few of the larger States, and does not extend be-
yond them. When I speak of the larger States, I
mean those in which a greater amount of judicial
business is performed. In both of these particu-
lars, I think the answer is adequate to the sugges-
tion of the Senator from Louisiana.
Mr. DOWNS. I wish to suggest to the Sena-
tor from Georgia that the very difficulty of under-
standing this bill and the multifariousness of its
provisions, and the long time required to prepare
its details, shows that this bill requires great re-
search, and therefore that we have not time to dis-
cuss it at this session.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on taking
up the bill proposed by the Senator from New
