538
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 14,
elsewhere, that he will make expediency override
the Constitution.
But, sir, it is my deep conviction that this bill
is not only justly subject to such exception, but it
is one of such paramount importance to the coun-
try, that I am induced to raise my feeble voice in
its defence. I said that I could, not offer any-
thing new to this committee upon this subject—
I should be arrogant, and egotistic if I fancied that
I could. All wno are-at all familiar with legisla-
tion in this country, know that the constitutional
power of Congress to provide for improvements
in rivers and harbors, has been the subject of pro-
found and matured investigation. It has received,
if not the fiat of the Supreme Court, and the su-
preme judicature of the country, it has at least re-
ceived the favor of the people. I am not one,
however, of those who hold that constitutions are
to be interpreted by popular clamor: I am one of
those who hold that a reasonable construction
must be given to that Constitution, and if we find
powers are ntft assigned by that Constitution to
make the improvements, however dear, however
essential, ana however indispensable they may be,
they must be abandoned.
But, sir, we must see that we have upon the
face of the Constitution of this Federal Govern-
ment, a power given to Congress to regulate our
commerce with " foreign nations, and the several
States." We have further an express power
given to enact all laws necessary to carry out
those granted and -specific powers. Now, can
any man, entertaining tolerable views of things—
can any man doubt that harbors are essential to
our commerce, whether upon the Atlantic, the
Pacific, or our inland oceans—necessary, both
in our commerce with foreign countries and the
several States? Look at our peculiar situation;
consider that we have two thousand miles of fron-
tier upon the lakes; that these lakes are now bor-
dered with commerce, infinitely greater than the
Atlantic seaboard when these States first threw off
the character of Colonies. There are nine millions
of people dependent upon commerce, indirectly or
directly, in this country; and there are from three
hundred thousand to five hundred thousand tons
of shipping upon these frontier lakes. Nations
like these, people like these, dependent upon the
salutary exercise of this power of Government
on their rivers, and in constructing harbors—can
it be possible that they have a Government pow-
erless to do it, according to the construction that
some of the learned gentlemen who have addressed
this committee ? Is it possible that our fathers,
that those who stood upon the political Pisgah,
and looked over this fair country, ever anticipated
that they had arrived at so feeble a conclusion ?
Is it possible that these men, who were framing a
Constitution not only for the feeble Colonies
which contained only some three millions of peo-
ple, but who were framing a Constitution ample
enough to cover the gigantic limbs of a continent,
could possibly have forgotten to insert a clause
sufficiently strong to embrace this essential power?
" Commerce'with foreign nations and the several
States," is the grant. How can commerce be
carried out without ships? And how can ships
arrive at shore in safety without harbors? Our
commerce is therefore not only external but inter-
nal. Not only by tea, but by land. There is no
limitation in the Constitution that it shall be car-
ried by sea. It would be, in my judgment, a most
narrow and straitened and illiberal construction,
to say that it was commerce by sea on the ocean
alone, that was implied by the Constitution. And
those who hold thqt Congress has no power to
construct harbors in lakes, and improve rivers,
must arrive at this impotent conclusion.
But what is the alternative? If the General
Government has not the power, who has it? Who
can do it? I ask, who are to make these essential
improvements? The States? But what means
have you left them to do it? Where are their
resources? Where are the sinews necessary to
accomplish this gigantic work ? The States have
ceded all of them away. They have parted with
them, and under the express contract that these
onerous duties were to be discharged by the Gen-
eral Government.
Where is New York, where is Pennsylvania,
where is Michigan, or Wisconsin to derive re-
sources sufficient to improve these harhors ? Where
do the millions go that are daily collected in the
city of New York? They go into the Federal
Treasury. What constitutes the basis of that
revenue ? The supplies that are. going to the people
of the West. The people of those States do not
consume a tithe of these supplies; and the people
of the West, of the great and flourishing West,
pay millions upon millions by way of tribute, upon
the articles of consumption gf almost primary ne-
cessity. And yet, we are told that the Federal
Government, which enjoys these vast revenues,
which receives these grants, with the express con-
dition that they should regulate commerce, not only
with "foreign nations, but with "the several
States,"—we are told that the Federal Govern-
ment has not the power to do it—not that it has
not the will, but the power to do it.
Where shall we look for a just interpretation of
the power of the Government, according to the
Constitution ? Where, but to those who designed
to grant this power, and those who framed the
instrument? And those who are at all familiar
with legislation, know that the very first Congress
—the Congress of 1789—enacted an act for the im-
provement of harbors, if not for rivers—for the
improvement of harbors, specifically. Did that
venerable body—did these sainted politicians, (I
might almost say,) purified by the fire of the Revo-
lution—did these men conceive, that, with the oath
of fidelity to that instrument fresh upon their lips,
they were violating its provisions ? That they did
that, and that they were setting a precedent which
would brand them forever? The idea is wholly
inadmissible. And from 1789 to the present day,
whatever administration has prevailed, whether
Whig or Democrat, has directly or indirectly sanc-
tioned this course.
It is ascertained, by evidence entitled to implicit
confidence and credit, that the Federal Govern-
ment has already embarked some $17,000,000 in
improvements on the lakes, rivers, and harbors of
the country. In 1789, and up to the present time,
until this kind of legislation was arrested by Presi-
dent Polk, the Government recognized its consti-
tutionality, its expediency, and its necessity.
But in 1846 this question was submitted to the
people, and the people of the West met by their
representatives at Chicago. They felt the bur-
den under which they labored; they felt their lives
were being sacrificed and their property destroyed,
for want of the protection of Government, and
they appealed in the strongest language for pro-
tection. What answer did they receive? They
received the laconic and potential answer, "I for-
bid it!" I forbid it because I deem itunconstitution-
al. I forbid it because I deem it inexpedient. And
that act alone, perhaps more than any other, was
instromental in drawing the people of the West
from their adhesion to the then Administration.
That act alone convinced them that it was time to
take the protection of their rights in their own
hand&. That act alone convinced them that it was
time that they should require the Constitution to
be interpreted rationally. They have spoken.
They have spoken in a voice of thunder. Their
representatives are here now uttering their senti-
ments when they ask of the Federal Government
to reenact those acts, the execution of which was
only prevented by the interposition of the Execu-
tive veto. Now, will the representatives of the
' people of the United States be deterred by any
morbid apprehensions or constitutional scruples
upon this subject? Can they fear to tread where
Washington and Jefferson and Madison have
trodden ? Is it worthy of our consideration whether
the particular instances in which those statesmen
acted were precisely similar to those now existing ?
If those statesmen, under the exigencies of the then
times, sanctioned appropriations corresponding in
spirit with those which we now ask for, it is
enough. We do not ask a literal example. I
would ask, in the name of Heaven and in the name
of the people of these United States, when is there
to be an end to disputation upon this subject?
When is there to be an end to litigation ? In our
Government it seems that old issues are being
continually revived. Surely if this Government
is to be equal to the age—if it is to be a pro-
gressive Government, we are not to retrace our
steps every day. It would be an incubus on the
people—it would be altogether inefficient for the
purposes for which it was designed and adopted,
if it had not these parental and beneficial powers.
I say, then, that considering this bill in its true
aspect, as a bill to promote the improvement' of
i rivers and harbors, those rivers and harbors being
of a national character, it is our solemn duty to
sustain it and to adhere to it, unless by so doing
we should involve our Government in some irre-
mediable embarrassment. I shall now advert very
cursorily to that view of the question. I acknowl-
edge frankly and candidly, that I could not have
been placed in a position in which I should have
more reluctantly voted for this measure than at the
pysent time, upon considerations of Apediency,
and of expediency alone. I have listened atten-
tively to the array of facts that has been presented
to us thil evening by the gentleman from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Jones,] showing the immense indebted-
ness of the Government and its great expenses.
But, sir, looking over the whole surface and con-
dition of our country, it seems to me, that if the
people are to be burdened, this is one of the most
obvious ways qf enabling them to bear their bur-
dens.
It is in evidence to the country, if not to this
committee, that the annual loss upon the lakes
amounts to infinitely more than the principal re-
quired from year to year in order to make the
necessary improvements. Yes, not merely these
calculable losses, not merely losses in dollars and
cents, but hecatombs go down every year into the
unfathomable deep, for want of this protection.
How many families are now weeping for their
lost members—lost for want of it! I shall net
attempt to make a pathetic appeal to the commit-
tee on this subject; but any one who has been at
all observant of the minor calamities on these in-
land oceans, must know that many of them are
attributable to the want of harbors, into which ves-
sels might put in in distress. One such loss would
be infinitely more to be deprecated by the people
of this country than all that is asked for by this
bill.
If gentlemen meet this bill upon the ground that
it proposes appropriations for places of merely
local interest, let them point them out; but let them
not meet the bill with the general objections that
have no application to it. This House, or this
committee, have certainly discrimination and im-
partiality enough to separate those which are
merely of local interest from those which are na-
tional in their character. But I apprehend that
we may safely confide in the wisdom and intelli-
gence of the Committee on Commerce to ascertain
whether these works are of a national character or
not. I have only had leisure to look over'the sur-
face of this bill, but I find that the first two or
three pages are devoted almost exclusively to Erie,
Ontario, and Michigan. These inland oceans be-
long to no State. There is no State which has
verge and room enough to embrace them. They
are the property of all the States. They are our
frontier seas. They are seas already made mem-
orable by the glorious victories of our Navy. They
are seas upon which many a battle may yet be
fought for ultimate supremacy. Ought not seas
like these to be furnished with harbors by the
Congress of the United States ? It seems to me
that we are taking an exceedingly limited view of
the future destinies of our country, if we are to
leave these lakes without proper harbors and im-
provements until the casus belli occurs.
I am not disposed to unnecessarily consume the
time of the committee, by throwing out observa-
tions which are trite to them. I have only taken
this occasion to express the general principles
which will actuate me in the vote which I shall
give; and being convinced that this bill is within
the constitutional power of the Government, and
that the present necessities of the Government are
not such as to warrant it in withholding from nearly
half of its citizens, and nearly two thirds of its
territory, the protection which it desires, I shall
give my cordial support to-the bill.
Mr. FEATHERSTON obtained the floor, but
gave way to
Mr. McDONALD, who moved that the com-
mittee rise.
Mr. CROWELL hoped the motion would not
prevail. If the gentleman from Mississippi did
not desire to address the committee to-night, he
(Mr. C.) should be glad to occupy their attention
for ten or fifteen minutes.
Mr. FEATHERSTON said that he had no de-
sire to speak to-night, and that if he could retain
his right to the floor, he would give way to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Crowkll.]
Mr. JONES suggested, that by unanimous con-
sent the gentleman from Mississippi could be
