540
THfe CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 14,
Government to make appropriations, to b« deter-
mined by the resolutions of * Convention, which
are often drawn up merely to have an influence
upon a presidential election? Why, as long aa
we have the power, the constitutional power, to
protect commerce—foreign and domestic—I do
not care a fig what you have resolved at Buffalo,
or what you have resolved at Baltimore. These
resolu'ions, which are too often drawn up in secret
conclave by ambitious and designing politicians,
shall never control my vote upon a great and be-
neficent proposition like this, whether it squares
with the weed of some partisan with whom I have
at some time acted, or not, is a matter about which
I do not give a moment's concern. I trample such
base motives under foot, and come here and at-  .....     „ ^
tempt to rise to the dignity of a statesman and 1 within the bounds of the Constitution. Let all 1
i o:_ T ..lil) tm anfl vola unAii 1 sutinnii  !>a /tAiintrv Ka nmtPfl AM thft CollStl- '
under foot and disregarded. 1 know the writ ot ||
habeas corpus has not been taken away, but it*;
would have been, if the Constitution had permitted ,
it by the language of that law. I know that the '
Attorney General administered an opiate to the i
doubts of the President, in the form of mi opinion,
before he had signed the bill, and after it was pass-
ed. It struck him, as it now strikes me, and as it
does the great majority of the people in this coun-
try, that the provisions of this law were needlessly
harsh; that it was calculated to irritate the feelings
of the people in that portion of the country where
the institution of slavery does not exist.
I am, therefore, in favor—and I avow it here
boldly and fearlessly—of such a modification of
that law as shall confine the language of that act
legislator. Sir, I will come up here and vote upon
this subject as a sense of justice demands. I will
throw to the winds all attempts to influence my
vote, and I will express the opinions which I hold,
in regard to my constitutional duties, upon this
subject. I will hurl such attempts from me, come i
they from what source they may. That, sir, is my
platform; and whether it squares with the princi-
ples of the Baltimore platform, with the Demo-
cratic creed, or with the Whig creed, is a matter
which shall never give me a sleepless night as
long as 1 continue to act as a legislator upon this
floor. Never', no, never!
Mr. Chairman, I believe the time I had al-
lotted to myself is out, but I will nevertheless i;
say a word or two more in relation to a subject
which was under consideration at the last session
of Congress. I refer to the fugitive slave law. ,
Now, I hope I shall not be deemed guilty of im- ;
propriety, if I open my mouth upon this subject,
ft is true I voted upon this auestion when it was i
before this body, but I had no opportunity to
speak on it at that time, and I will here say that
I intend to go into this matter more fully when
I come to write out my remarks, if I shall ever
do so.
Now, sir, I acknowledge my obligations to my
brethren in every section of the country. I am
prond of my country, and as long as sense and jj tained and agreed to."
 —   " I * I " *        ^  AA ^ MM A Mtvt* MH* 11 Avtftw • 1 ^ f
sections of the country be protected as the Consti-
tution designed they should be protected, and not
to protect one section at the expense of another.
Mr. Chairman, I ask pardon for trespassing so
long upon the patience ofthis committee, and with
these remarks I conclude.
Mr. FEATHERSTON obtained the floor, but
gave way to
Mr. McDONALD, who gave notice of the fol-
lowing amendment, which he intended to offer to
the bill: ^
" For the improvement of the Wabash river above the
rapids, the sum of $50,000."
Mr. McDONALD moved that the committee
rise, which motion prevailed. The committee
rose accordingly, and the Speakerhaving resumed
the chair, the chairman (Mr. Buei.) reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had the Union generally under consid-
eration, and particularly the river and harbor bill,
and had come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. CLINGMAN moved that when the House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet at eleven o'clock to-
morrow.
The SPEAKER stated that the motion coulil
only be entertained by the unanimous consent of
the House.
There being no objection, the motion was enter-
sensibility remain to me, no vote of mine shall ever ,
go to do injustice to any man in this country.
They are all my countrymen; they are all my
brethren. Our fathers fought and bled together; j
together they triumphed, and together they estab- j
lisned this glorions fabric—our Government. j
But, sir, it is my fortune, or it is rather my ,
misfortune, to differ with these gentlemen upon
On motion by Mr. CLINGMAN, the House,
at ten o'clock p. m., adjourned. ;
IN SENATE.
Fridat, February 14, 1851. f
A message was received from the President of
_ . the United States, transmitting a communication
many questions. Let these differences be healed— ' from the Department of State, made in compliance
let us all live together as one family-—one circle of > wjth a resolution of the Senate of the 1st instant,
friends. Now, with regard to this measure, I calling for copies of all correspondence that had
would not preach the rignts of one section^ against taken place between the Government of Spain and
the rights of all. If it was intended, as I have no
doubt it was intended, to secure by the provision '1
of that bill the constitutional rights of one portion
or one section of the country, I am willing those <
rights should be secured. But whether it was in-
tended or not, the constitutional rights of one sec-
tion of the country have not been respected, as I
think. But, sir, I am aware that this question is
a delicate one—that it is a difficult and embarrass- .
ing one; and when I look at the measure, I am '
almost induced to despair of the success of this
free Government from the difficulties which en-
viron the question of slavery.
But I hope, sir, our countrymen will be guided
by the wisdom which has always characterized
them; that they will be able to surmount all diffi-
culties, and to go on triumphant as they have
always gone on. T say it is a question full of diffi- ;
cullies, and full of embarrassments; but, never-
theless, I hope they will be all removed and sur- '
mounted, and that we shall live as long as time
lasts a united and harmonious people. But, sir,
the provisions of that bill, in my humble opinion,
are needlessly harsh and unnecessary, and in-
tended to irritate, or rather calculated to irritate,
the feelings of the people in that portion of the
country where the institution of slavery does not
exist. Is it not enough for you to secure your own
the United States touching the claim of the owners
of the Amistad, for compensation on account of the
liberation of the negroes on board said vessel.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, it was ordered
that the message and so much of the accompany-
ing documents as have not heretofore been printed,
be printed for the use of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT of the Senate laid before the
body the report of the Commissioner of Patents,
showing the whole number of applications for pat-
ents, the number of patents issued, the number
that have expired, and the receipts of the office,
tionary or locomotive engines admit of great im-
provement by the use of stame, instead of steam;
and, as the subject is one of great national import-
ance, he a*ks Congress to constitute a committee of
their most learned members, or some equally candid
or capable judges, to examine his statements and
engines, and to investigate a discovery so credita-
ble to the nation, and so useful and beneficial to
mankind. I move to refer the memorial to the
Committee on Manufactures, and ask that it may-
be printed. •
The memorial was so referred, and the motion
to print was referred to the Committee on Print-
ing-
Mr. SEWARD. I have also a petition signed
by one hundred and forty citizens of New York,
asking that the public lands mny be granted in
limited quantities to actual settlers not possessed
of other lands; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
1 have also another from inhabitants of Cumber-
land county, in the State of New York, asking
that the right of trial by jury may be secured to
fugitives from service or labor; which I move be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CLAY moved to lay it on the table; which
motion was agreed to.
Mr. WALKER presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Wisconsin, requesting that the salt
springs, and lands adjacent thereto granted to the
State for a university, may be exchanged for
other lands. Mr. W. observed that a bill had al-
ready been reported from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands which covers the wishes of the Legis-
lature; he would move to lay it on the table.
And the resolution was laid on the table accord-
f^r. HAMLIN presented a petition from citi-
zens of Bangotf, in the State of Maine, asking the
immediate repeal of the fugitive slave law; which
' Oas ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. TURNEY presented a memorial from the
clerks in the post office at Nashville, Tennessee,
asking an increase of compensation; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a memorial from
1 citizens of New York, asking that further reme-
'' dies may be applied for the modification of the
j' patent laws; which was ordered to lie on the table.
!; Also, a memorial from the assistant marshal of
j Greene county, and one from the assistant mar-
' shal of Sullivan county, in the state of New York,
1 asking additional compensation for their services
in taking the census in said counties; which he
. moved to refer to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SEWARD. I desire to state to my col-
I league that the several memorials presented by
I me in relation to this subject have invariably been
referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. DICKINSON. I think the Committee
i- on the Judiciary will be the more appropriate, be-
cause there is a question of law involved, and I
! would prefer that this take that course.
The memorials were referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. DICKINSON also presented the proceed-
ings of the Chamber of Commerce of the city of
New York in favor of the plan of opening a good
inlet to Albemarle Sound, in North Carolina;
which were ordered to lie on the table, and the
&c., for the year 1850. motion to print was referred to the Committee on
On motion by Mr. TURNEY, that the report + pr;ntin-r.
be printed, and that fifteen thousand additional
copies be printed for the use of the Senate, said ,
motion was referred to the Committee on Printing. ,
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. SEWARD. I received a memorial from
James Frost, a civil engineer, residing at Brook-
lyn, in the State of New York, who states that he i
has made a very important discovery of an element ,
which, by way of distinction, he has named ;
" stame, which he says maybe employed far !
more safely, effectively, and immensely more eco- ,
nomically, than steam to stationary or locomotive !
engines. It appears that he has constructed sev-
constitutional rights without trampling upon, and cral small engines, from one to eight-horse power,
disregarding the feelings and even the prejudices j for the express purposeof being propelled alternate- j
of our citizens in other sections of the country? ; ly by steam and stame, to test the relative merits of
It seems to me that you ought to be satisfied with 1
that. Why, sir, if the principles in that bill were
to be carried out fully, I do not hesitate to eay i
that, yon would destroy all the principles of our '
common law, and ihni they would be trampled
ly by steam ,   ___
tne two elements; and he maintains that vessels of
the largest class may be propelled by the latter, at
double the present speed, by only half the fuel so
disadvantageoijsly and discreditably employed.
He informs ns also that every description of sta-
Mr. 5ASS presented a memorial from citizens
of Rending, in the State of Pennsylvania, asking
a modification of the late bounty land law; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented a memorial
from citizens of Iowa, asking Congress to make a
donation of public land to aid in the construction
of a railroad from Burlington to the city of Fort
Des Moines, with a branch to Keosauqua; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. SOULE, from the Committee on Commerce,
to which was referred the memorial of C. fctoddart
and his associates, asking that a contract may be
entered into with them to carry the mails in steam-
ers from Norfolk, in Virginia, to Gibraltar,touch-
ing at certain ports in the Mediterranean, reported
a bill authorizing the establishment of a monthly
line of mail steamers between Norfolk and JNew
Orleans, alternately, and Gibraltar, and certain
ports in the Mediterranean sen.
