1861.
TttH CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
541
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Print- i
in<r, to which was referred the motion to print the I
ici>ort oi'the Secretary of the Treasury, commit- ,
n<. rating the report of Professor R. S. McCulloh,
«n esnus.ma! hydrometers, and the motion to
print three thousand additional copies, reported in
Fn.Tor of printing the same. [
Mr. BORLAND explained the object of print- 1
irg the additional numbers, which was to enable
the Secretary of the Treasury to supply the cus-
tom-house with copiesof the "tables; and the report
having been considered, it was
OrJirtJ. That the report be printed, and that three thou-
sand additional copies be printed, fifteen hundred of which
tor the aae of the Treasury Department.
BILLS INTRODUCED ON LEAVE.
Mr. BELL, in pursuance of notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill supplementary
to an act entitled " An net to provide for the pay-
ment of horses and other property lost or de-
stroyed in the military service of the United
States," approved March 3d, 1849; which was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. CHASE, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to provide
for the cession to the State of Ohio of the unsold
remainder of the public-lands within the limits of
■aid State; which was read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands.
MISSOURI TWO PER CENT. FUND.
Mr. BENTON. Mr. President, I rise to ask
leave to introduce a bill, of which I gave notice on
yesterday morning, being a bill to pay to Missouri
the two per centum that has been withheld from
her—the same bill which was rejected by the Sen-
ate last week. In asking this leave, Mr. Presi-
fSt other reasons, 1 think it proper to brine this
subject again to the notice of this legislative body,
and that there should bea new examination of the
feneral principle of property. There are, Mr.
'resident, other reasons, and they are very strong !
ones^why I bring this case again before the Senate.
The points comprised in these bills, as will be seen
by the Senate, are of great importance. When
this subject was last before the Senate, the Sena-
tor from Kentucky who sits furthest from me
e,lr. Clay] was the qnly speaker against the bill.
pon this state of the subject, and expecting to
change the position or answer the objections of
that speaker, I hope to have better luck with the
bill now than I bad then.
It will be recollected, Mr. President, that the
main point of the contest between us was as to
the true construction of the compact in 1820 with
the State of Missouri, by which the United States
bound herself to make a road to the State of Mis-
souri. I will not repeat what I said upon that
objection; and I barely refer to what the Senator
from Kentucky said, for the purpose ofgiving him,
as far as I can, the benefit of his own words,
in quoting his objections to the bill, as he has
printed them, and as I recollect them. The point
of his argument was, sir, that it was not the true
interpretation of the act of the compact that the
road was to be made up to the line—that it was
sufficient that the road should be made in a direc-
tion towards the State, from which she would have
the benefit, and there was no necessity for a road
to go up to her until a sufficient sum should accrue
from the sales of the pnbliclands. Mr. President,
it is very clear that if, by the compact, the road
was J.o go to the State, she is entitled to have the
road made, or to have the money given back to
her—one or the other.
I will now say, sir, that the Senator from Ken-
tucky plead that case for Missouri once, and then
plead it with as much zeal as I did for her the
other da'', and with better Buccess than I had.
His words were, as I find them printed:
" I contend the riztd Interpretation which will require
you lo curry the rmi op to the very line of the Statu of
Missouri in not the true Mid just interpretation of the set."
I give him the benefit of the words as he hai print-
ed them, because I mean to take the benefit and
advantage of his words against himself, sir. I will
now read an extract from his speech delivered in
the House of Representatives, in January of the
year 1825, in which, among other things pertinent
to the matter now before the Senate, he used these
words:
111 will rimply ask if the United Htates were not tinder
s positive obligation to extend this road ? What was the
history of this undertaking f It arose out of a eompaet be-
tween the United States and the Stat* of Ohio, at the time
that Stale was admitted into the Union, by which two per
cent, of the net proceeds of the sales of the public lands
was to be applied to the making of a road leading to the
State of Ohio. A similar provision was aim made in the
compact* by which Indiana, Illinois, Missouri, Mississippi,
and I believe Alahauia, were admitted as States. It had
been contended by some gentlemen that the construction of
the Cumberland road was a fulfillment of this compact on
the part of the United States. That, sir, I deny."
Mr. B. was proceeding to read extracts from the
speeches of Mr. Clay, in 1825 and 1850, when—
Mr. FOOTE (interposing) said: I rise to a
point of order: and I do so with great pain, seeing
that no other Senator will do it. I simply make
this point of order, that it is not in order to dis-
cuss the merits of a proposition upon a motion to
be allowed merely to introduce a bill.
The PRESIDENT. There can be no question
with regard to the point of order raised. A Sen-
ator asking leave to introduce a bill must simply
give the substance of the bill, assigning one or
two reasons why he shall be permitted to intro-
duce it; but no argument in regard to the merits
of the bill is in order until the Senate has given
leave for its introduction.
Mr. BENTON. The contrary has been decided
heretofore. When I first commenced my move-
ments against the Bank of the United States, I
made as full, labored, and complete speeches as I
could against the bank, upon asking leave to in-
troduce the bills. The Senate and Presiding Offi-
cer will surely recollect it.
The PRESIDENT. I have no recollection of
it. The Presiding Officer has no doubt upon the
question of order at all. The Senator from Mis-
souri and other Senators have been indulged sev-
eral times during the session in going much further
than the rule of parliamentary proceedings justi-
fies, in discussing tht merits of a bill before its re-
ception. But when the attention of the Chair is
called to it, he is bound to enforce the rule. The
Senator from Missouri will therefore confine him-
self to a statement of the substance of his bill. ,
I He cannot go into a discussion of it until it is re- '
ceived by the*Senate.
j' Mr. WALKER. Mr. President, I presume it j
;, is in the power of the Senate to give leave to the
Senator from Missouri to proceed, and I have no
doubt there is a disposition to do so, particularly
as he has partly gone through his remarks. I
therefore move that it be in order, and that the
Senator from Missouri have leave to proceed with
his explanation of his bill.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair has no dispo-
• sition to curtail any Senator; but if the question
is made, it is a thing of parliamentary law, and
must be decided strictly in conformity with parlia-
mentary usage.
Mr. WALKER. My motion is based upon
the supposition that the Chair is correct in his de-
cision, and the object of it is to obtain leave for
; the Senator from Missouri to proceed.
Mr. FOOTE". I hope I may be allowed to say
, that I have as little disposition to oppose the mo-
tion of the Senator from Wisconsin as any one;
but I shall vote against it simply on the ground
that a speech is being made by the Senator from
Missouri, and there is no opportunity, according
to parliamentary rules, for any member to re-
spond. That seems to me to be an unfair course
of proceeding, and therefore I have made the point
of order. ,
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Mis-
souri will confine himself to stating the substance
of the bill.
Mr. BENTON. The Senator from Missouri
will do what he has done heretofore, and what he
did heretofore in asking leave to introduce a bill to
make a great national road to the Pacific ocean.
The Senator will do what he has done four or five
times this session, and what other Senators have
done, or he will do nothing. The Senator will
have the rights which he has enjoyed here for
thirty years, in making a full exposition of the
merits of this bill, when he asks leave to introduce
it, or he will have nothing. He will have one
thing or the other.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is obliged to
decide according to rule.
Mr. BENTON. Well, sir, the Senator will
not have his rights mutilated. He will have all
or none.
The PRESIDENT. The question is, thqn, oo
giving the leave. If it is objected to, leave cannot
be given.
Mr. WALTER. It has occurred to me that
the motion has been made several times—even
when the Chair has called a Senator to order, (not
the present Presiding Officer,)—that the Senator
should be allowed to proceed in order.
Mr. FOOTE. I rise to another point of order:
Unless there is an appeal from the decision of the
Chair, I suppose all discussion is out of order.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair has decided.
He is compelled to decide as he has done by a
sense of what he knows of parliamentary law.
His attention being called to it, although he hits
no disposition to curtail the remarks of any Sen-
ator, whatever may have been heretofore allowed
by general consent, he is bound to decide according
to parliamentary law and the rules of strict order,
which ought to Be preserved in the Senate.
The CHAIR will repeat again, that until leave
is granted to introduce the bill, the Senator must
confine himself to stating' the substance of it,
without going into a general argument upon its
merits.
Mr. WALKER. I make another point of or-
der.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator appeal ?
Mr. WALKER. No, sir.
The PRESIDENT. Then there is an end of it.
Mr. WALKER. Then I may be permitted to
make a point of order. Leave has been asked by
the Senator from Missouri to introduce a bill that
has once been disposed of at this session of Con-
gress. The Senator from Missouri, knowing that
the rule precludes him from introducing that bill,
was proceeding to show why that rule should be
dispensed with, and was arguing the question
before the Senate. It was not for the purpose of
going into the merits of it; but he was showing
with great force the reasons why the Senate should
give leave to introduce the proposition the second
time at this session. The question, then, is this:
May not he be permitted to go on, and show why
we should step aside from the rule, and allow him
to introduce the bill a second time?
i Mr. FOOTE. I hope I tmay be permitted to
I remark that I have not the least objection to the
1 speech of the Senator from Missouri being made,
if we can accord to the Senator from Kentucky
[Mr. Clay] the privilege of replying; but it does
seem to me unfair to allow a speech to be made
that cannot be answered.  
The PRESIDENT. That cannot be done.
Every Senator will perceive what will be.the con-
sequence of making speeches and discussing the
whole merits of a subject before it is before the
body, when no person can reply. You get up a
discussion upon a matter not before the Senate;
and hence it is wheat gentlemen introduce petitions,
they simply state the substance of them, and the
Senate then decides what will be done with them
—whether they will refer them or not. So, when
leave is asked to introduce a bill, the Senator in-
troducing a bill simply states the substance of it,
in order that the Senate may decide whether leave
shall be given to introduce it or not. Nothing
beyond that is allowed, To go into a general ar-
fument upon the meritsof a bill cannot be allowed
y the Cnair when his attention is particularly
called to it. But, inasmuch as it has been done in
several instances, the Chair acquiesced in it in this
instance; and he would not have interfered had
not his attention been called to it, in which case
he is bound to decide according to parliamentary
law.
Mr. WALKER. I now object to the Senator's
introducing his bill, and I want to know his rea-
sons for introducing it.
The PRESIDENT. Objection is taken to the
Senator's having leave to introduce his bill. The
Chair will state what is the parliamentary law
upon the subject; and, while he does that, he will
state at the same time that it certainly is in the
power of the Senate to change that law, if they
think proper to dc so. The parliamentary law is
this:
" A question onee carried cannot he a question a rain at
the same session; it must stand as the judgment of the set -
sion. And a bill once rejected, another of the same sut-
•tance cannot be brought in again the same session."
Mr. WALKER. The only question, then, is,
