1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
643
struggling for the passage of certain measures. I |
hope the Senator from Missouri will have leave i
now to proceed in order, and that Senators will be
allowed to reply when he has done.
Mr. FOOTE. It was with theutmost pain that
I Made the point of order. I applied to other mem-
bers, to some extent similarly situated with my-
self, to do it; and finding no one willing to make
the point of order, conceiving the public time to
be uselessly expended, and seeing that private
bills and bills of a public character, in which my
constituents were interested, were likely to be de-
layed, and perhaps ultimately defeated, I felt it
my duty as a member of this body to raise the
point of order. Now, I state again very frankly,
that if it can be the distinct understanding of this
body that when one speech is made another
speech may be made in response to it—a single
speech even from the Senator from Kentucky,
vindicating himself in his public course, and vin-
dicating all of us who voted with him the other
day on this bill of the Senator from Missouri—I
shall be entirely content. But I do not know of
any such general understanding. My generous-
minded friend from Iowa says lhat himself and
his friends around him would willingly accord to
any Senator an opportunity to reply;but it is not
certain that a majority of the Senate would, and I
have thought that the most certain mode of se-
curing that privilege would be to amend the prop-
ttsition. Then, I tell my friend that I will vote
for it in its amended form; and I will do it on the
same principle of courtesy, notwithstanding great
public interests may suffer materially in conse-
quence. I will not stand alone for the rigid en-
forcement of the rules of the Senate, when, by
doing so, I exhibit the appearance of peculiar un-
graciousness, and subject myself personally to the
imputation of illiberal motives.
Mr. DAWSON having reduced his amendment
to writing, submitted it in the following words:
" And that ertrj other Senator have the right of being
la reply or rapport of the motion."
The question being taken on the amendment of
Mr. Dawsok, it was agreed to—ayes 33, noes not
counted.
Mr. UNDERWOOD moved to lay the motion
on the table.
Mr. SOULE demanded the yeas and nays on 1
the motion; which were ordered. j
The Secretary proceeded to call the name of Mr.
Atchiso.v, who answered to the call.
Mr. BENTON. Does that carry the motion to
introduce the bill with it?
The PRESIDENT. It is possible the Senate
will not understand the operation of the motion.
It is the motion of the Senator from Mississippi,
as amended by the Senator from Georgia, that it
is proposed to lay on the table. That motion being
laid on the table, it precludes the Senator from as-
signing the reasons, as proposed in the motion of
the Senator from Mississippi, but goes no further.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not know what the de-
sign of the Senator from Kentucky' [Mr. Under-
wood] was in making the motion he did; but I
insist that that motion cannot be submitted to the
Senate, and I will state, in a word, why. The
Senator from Mississippi moves that the Senator
from Missouri be permitted to proceed in a certain
way. That motion is amended, and the Senate,
by an affirmative vote of 33, grant leave 
The PRESIDENT. The Senator is entirely
mistaken in regard to that vote.
Mr. HAMLIN. I understood the vote to be
on the motion of the Senator from Mississippi.
The PRESIDENT. It was on the amendment
of the Senator from Georgia.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. My object, I will in-
form- the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Hamlin,] in
making the motion to lay this matter on the table,
was to get rid of the whole subject, from begin-
ning to end, in order to proceed to other business.
Mr. BORLAND. I would inquire if the motion
to lay on the table is debatable.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I am not debating it. I
was going to ask a question: Will my motion
have the effect of getting clear of the wnole sub-
ject?
The PRESIDENT. The motion will simply
lay upon the table the proposition to grant leave
to the Senator from Missouri to assign reasons
why he shall be permitted to introduce the bill. If
that motion is laid on the table, then the Senator
will still be permitted to introduce his bill, but
must confine himself to a simple statement of the
substance of it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Can that motion be laid
upon the table by a motion?
Mr. ATCHISON. I call the Senator from Ken-
tucky to order. My name was called upon the
yeas and nays, and I answered to it; and I take it
to be a settled rule, if there be any rule settled in
the Senate, that when we progress thus far, all
debate stops.
The PRESIDENT. Most assuredly; but it is
in the power of any Senator to ask for informa-
tion in regard to the effect of the vote he will give.
It is always in the power of a Senator to do so
without entering into any discussion.
. The call of the yeas and nays having"been com-
pleted, they stood as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Berrien, Borland, Butler. Daw-
son, Dayton, Downs, Ewing, Foote. King, Morton, rearce,
Phelps, Spruance, Underwrod, ana Uphara—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Baldwin, Benton, Bradbury,
Cass, Chase, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Mississippi,
Dickinson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas,
Felch, Gwin, Hamlin, Houston, Hunter, Jones, Mason,
Norris, Rhett, Kusk, Seward, Shields, Smith, SouW,
Sturgeon, Turney, Wales, Walker, Whitcomb, and Yulee
So the motion was not laid upon the table.
Mr. BUTLER. I would be very glad to allow
the Senator from Missouri to go on, and I would
not resist it in any way. I would not, by any |
vote that I could consistently give., refuse him
what is asked now. But you are now doing—
what? Why, dispensing with what seems to be
regarded—if I am not mistaken in what I have
heard this morning—as the fixed parliamentary
law. You are for the occasion repealing that
law—to do what ? Why, to give two distinguished
fentlemen upon this fiooran opportunity of debate.
believe I may say that whenever a law is viola-
ted, it is by usages of this kind. I am sorry, that,
with this conviction, I cannot vote to extend to the
Senator from Missouri that courtesy that I would
otherwise have done.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. We have every
day departed from the parliamentary law in the
course of the Senate. We constantly give leave
to gentlemen to do that which, under the rules of
, the Senate, it would not be proper for them to do.
If the parliamentary law depends upon such ex-
ceptions made by the will of the Senate, it has been
repealed too long to say anything about it now.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I rise for the purpose
of asking for the yeas and nays upon the passage
of this resolution. My object in doing so is to
record my name against this precedent, and to let
my constituents, at all events, see that I am not
willing at this period of the session to allow the
abolition of the parliamentary law, to hear speeches
made by gentlemen, however distinguished they
may be. 1 think it 4a a misapplication of the time
that we have left to us. I call for the yeas and
nays upon the passage of this resolution.
The yeas ana nays were ordered.
The question being then taken upon the motion
submitted by Mr.DAVis.of Mississippi,as amend-
ed by Mr. Dawson, it was adopted by yeas and
nays—yeas 34, nays 14—as follows:
YEAS—Menra. Atchison,. Baldwin, Bradbury, Cass,
Chase, Clarke, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Missis-
sippi, Dickinson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa,
Felch, Foote, Greene, Gwin, Hamlin, Houston, Hunter,
Jones, Mason, Norris, Watt, Rhelt, Rusk, Seward, Shields,
Smith, Soule, Sturgeon, Turney, Wales, Walker, Whit-
comb, aad Yulee—34.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Berrien, Borland, Butler, Daw-
son, Dayton, Downs, King, Morton, Pearce, Phelps, Spru-
ance, Underwood, and Uptaam—14.
So that the motion as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. BENTON. About how much time has
been consumed by this interruption ? That is not
a Shrewsbury clock, (pointing to the clock oppo-
site the President's chair,) but it keeps the time
sufficiently well to let us know that about an hour
has been consumed. Sir, I wash my hands of that
consumption of time; for I should have been
through long ago if I had been let alone. And
from the decisions which the Chair has made, the
interruption which I received was disorderly. I
put the question to the Chair, whether there is any
'rtile against my proceeding in the way that I was
going on. I know there is no such rule—the
Chair has said there is none; and there was, there-
fore, nothing for the Chair to interfere about, but
a principle of the parliamentary law for the Senate
to decide, and which principle I was putting be-
j fore them.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator is mistaken.
When a question is raised, it is for the Chair first
to decide, and then, if the Senate choose, they can
put aside that decision.
Mr. BENTON. The Chair did not decide in
the case ofpacking the bills last Summer.
The PRESIDENT. The present presiding of-
ficer was not in the chair at that time.
Mr. BENTON. No matter who filled the
chair. Law is law. The point that I make is
this: that there is no rule against my introducing
this bill a second time—no rule against granting
the leave, much less a rule against my asking the
leave. There is no such rule, and therefore there
is nothing on which the President can decide.
Every principle of the parliamentary law goes to
the body for them to decide as they please, to en-
force it or not as they choose. This is my view
of die case ; and if it is right,'' the interruption
which I have received has been a disorderly and
an unparliamentary interruption.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator apply
the interruption to the Chair ?
Mr. BENTON. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT. Then the Senator is out
of order, and his statement is not correct.
Mr. BELL. "Order!" "Order!"
Mr. BENTON. The Senator is correct in say-
ing that there is no rule. The Chair has decided
that there is ho such rule; and the Senator is cor-
rect in saying that there is nothing buta principle of
parliamentary law against it—a principle of parlia-
mentary law only—which is to be placed before the
body for them to enforce or not. This is what
the Senator from Missouri says, and is what he
stands by, for he has the law and books upon his
side. He was interrupted, then, not upon a rule
of the Senate, which is in the keeping of the
Chair, but upon a principle of parliamentary law,
which is in the keeping of the body; and therefore
the Senator says that the interruption was disor-
derly and unparliamentary.
The PRESIDENT. The position of the Chair
is a little uncomfortable, in consequence of the re-
marks of the Senator. The Chair decided—and he
has made the statement once, and will make it
again, for the benefit of the Senator from Missou-
ri—the Chair decided that there was no express
j rule upon the subject. The parliamentary law
| was plain; and when the question was raised, it
j was not for the Senate to decide until it was first
: decided by the Chair. The Chair did decide, in
I accordance with strict parliamentary law, stating
at the same time that it was in the power of the
Senate to depart from that rule, if they thought
aer to do so. The Senate have thought proper
0 so. The Chair will remark, in connection
with this statement, that the statement of the Sen-
ator from Misssuri is incorrect, and in every way
unjustifiable.
Mr. BENTON. That is the opinion of the
Chair. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDENT. And he will maintain it.
Mr. BENTON. And there is the opinion of a
Senator of thirty years' standing to the contrary,
that every question of parliamentary law goes to
the body, and cannot be decided by the Chair. He
has no power over the law.
Mr. PEARCE. I beg leave to call the Senator
to order. The question that he has leave by the
vote of the Senate to discuss, is to express the rea-
: sons why he has a second time asked leave to in-
• troduce this bill. He is not at liberty to speak to
1 a question of order which has been decided. I
i1 hope that he will see the reasonableness of this,
! ana confine his remarks to the matter really before
the Senate.
The PRESIDENT.' The Senator from Mis-
souri understands that as well as any Senator in
the body.
Mr. BENTON. I am exactly at the point where
1 I was at the beginning—*«t the place of starting.
I set out with stating that my object was to ask
leave to introduce the bill which has been rejected,
and that, in asking leave to introduce the same bill
again, 1 felt myself bound to give my reasons why
I it should be done, and these reasons were to be
1 found in the arguments in favor of granting leave,
and of passing the bill even, which were offered
on a former occasion by Mr. Clay; and I mean
to ask the reporters to commence my speech now
where I am here, and to consider what I said in
j the beginning as now being said over again, and
Ji especially to consider this paper, which I was
