1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
551
to find what there was in the bills that they rejected
■which may apply to the message enunciating his
views, that does not necessarily reach as objections
to the bill that they did sign. The gentleman from
Georgia, with an astuteness and closeness of rea-
soning that is preeminently his own, did suggest
that if a river or a harbor happened to be one in
which revenue was collected he could comprehend
that the President might sign a bill for the improve-
ment of such a harbor or river. "
_ Sir, he would find that these are precisely the
rivers and harbors that James Madison and Thomas
Jefferson did improve. He will find that they
signed bills that were confined to such rivers or
such harbors. He will find that from the founda-
tion of the Government, bills for the improvement
of rivers and harbors that related to the regulation
of commerce were signed by thesePresidents, while
they vetoed bills that involved roads and canals
and the improvement of water-courses generally,
and without limitation. This is my argument,
and the whole of my argument. Mr. Jefferson, in
his annual message at the opening of the second
session of the Ninth Congress, held this language
on the subject:
" The question, therefore, now comes fbrward, To what
other objects shall these surpluses be appropriated, and the
whole surplus of impost after the entire discharge of the
public debt, and during those intervals when the purposes
of war shall not call for them ■ Shall we suppress the im-
post, and give that advantage to foreign over domestic man-
ufactures f On a few articles of more general and neces-
sary use, the suppression, in due season, will doubtless be
right; but the great mass of the articles on which impost is
{Mid are foreign luxuries, purchased by those only who are
rich enough to afford themselves the use of them. Their
patriotism would certainly prefer its continuance and appli-
cation to the great purposes of the public education, roads,
rivers, canals, and such other objects of public improvement
as it may be thought proper to add to the constitutional
enumeration of Federal powers. By these operations, new
channels of communication will be opened between tbe
States ; the lines of separation will disappear; their inter-
ests will be identified, and their union cemented by new
and indissoluble ties. Education is here placed among the
articles of public care; not that it would be proposed to
take its ordinary branches out of the bands of private en-
terprise, which manages so much better all the concerns to
which it is equal; but a public institution can alone supply i
those branches which, though rarely called for, are yet ne- ;
cessary to complete the circle, all the parts of which con-
tribute to the improvement of the country, and some of them
to its preservation. The subject is now proposed for the
consideration of Congress, because, if approved by the time
the State Legislatures shall have deliberated on thin exten-
sion of the Federal trusts, and the laws shall be passed, and
other arrangements made for their execution, the necessary
funds will be on band and without employment. I suppose
an amendment to the Constitution, by consent of tbe States,
necessary, because tbe objects now recommended are not
among those enumerated in the Constitution, and to which
. it permits the public moneys to be applied."
Again, in his last annual message, in 1808, Mr.
Jefferson says:
" The probable accumulation of the surpluses of revenue
beyond what can be applied to the payment of the public
debt, whenever the freedom and safety of our commerce
■ball be restored, merits the consideration of Congress.
Shall it lie unproductive in the public vaults ? Shall the
revenue be reduced, or shall it not rather be appropriated to
the improvement of roads, canals, rivers, education, and
other great foundations of prosperity and union under the
powers which Congress may already possess, or such amend-
ment of the Constitution as may he approved by the States ? :
While uncertain of the course of things, the time may be
advantageously employed in obtaining the powers necessary
for a system of improvement, should that be thought best."
1 read these entire paragraphs that the whole
force of them may be appreciated, and that I may
make clear the exceptions I take from them in
favor of harbors, and to a limited extent in favor
of rivers.
And again, in the protest prepared by Mr. Jef-
ferson for the Virginia Legislature during Mr.
Monroe's administration, he says, speaking of
Congress:
"They claim, for example, and have commenced the
exercise of a right to construct roads, open canals, and effect
other internal improvements within the territories and juris-
dictions exclusively belonging to the several States, which
this Assembly does declare has not been given to that branch
by the constitutional compact, but remains to each State
among its domestic and unalienated powers, exercisable
within itself and by its domestic authorities alone."
Now, what right has any man to suppose that
Mr. Jefferson meant to exclude absolutely and en-
tirely the improvement .of rivers by these words,
" other objects," in this protest, or in the message
wherein he refers to rivers generally? He had
already given his exposition, that some rivefs, 1
such as were embraced by laws in force regulating j
commerce, might be improved without an amend- j
ment of the Constitution. He had signed two or
three bills to appropriate money for the improve- I
I ment of rivers. It is true they were rivers already,
! as I have said, embraced by the regulations of
i commerce. They were rivers whereon the Con-
j, gress of the United States had directed vessels to
; enter and clear. They were rivers on which the
II commercial marine would have suffered, on its
! way to and from ports of entry, if obstructions
had not been guarded against; and having signed
I' bills containing appropriations for the protection
of commerce, and to provide against those obstruc-
tions, and furnish harbors of safety,—having signed
bills of this character, I say, he might well be
supposed to state the general propositions referred
to in his messages, in view of his official acts as
the Executive. .So in regard to Mr. Madison.
This message of his, which has been appealed to
as against all river and harbor bills, is waste pa-
; per. When he finds a bill introduced which pro-
|i vides for roads and canals, and water-courses, not
| within the limits of the revenue regulations, but in
' • general, broad, undefined terms of providing facil-
' ities for internal commerce between the States, he
vetoes it. He uses this language:
" ' The power to regulate commerce among the several
States' cannot include a power to construct roads and ca-
; nals, and to improve the navigation of water-courses, in
1 order to facilitate, promote, and secure such a commerce,
' without a latitude of construction departing from the ordi-
nary import of the terms, strengthened by the known incon
veniences which doubtless led to the grant of this remedial
power to Congress." <
Look, sir, at the bill that Mr. Madison vetoed:
"An Act to set apart and pledge certain funds for Internal
Improvement.
" 1. Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
j atives of the United States of •America, m Congress assem-
bled, That the sum to be paid to the United States by the '
twentieth section of the ' Act to incorporate tbe subscribers
to tbe Bank of tbe United States,' and the dividends which
' shall arise from their shares in its capital stock during the
! present term of twenty years, for which the proprietors
| thereof have been incorporated, be, and the same are here-
! by, set apart and pledged as a fund for constructing roads I
i and canals, and improving the navigation of water-courses, !
i in order to facilitate, promote, and give security to internal j
! commerce among the several States, and to render more
easy and less expensive the means and provision necessary
1 for their common defence."
Why, surely, I entirely agree with what he ,
; states there. There is nothing in that message
from which I could dissent. Mr. Madison denies
that this power to regulate commerce embraces a
wide and unlimited right to improve all welter-
courses that were in any way to facilitate the com-
merce of the country; and I beg permission to de-
fer to and acquiesce in that opinion. I voted
against the resolutions introduced into the last ses-
sion of Congress, by the gentlemen from Illinois,
Virginia, and New York," because they asserted
the unlimited power of Congress, when there is no
such power. I believe it to be a limited, well-de-
t fined power—confined to improvements of rivers,
: &c., embraced by the laws of commerce. I do not .
' believe that you can improve a single river in the
country, that is not.in advance of the impro^p-
! ment-already embraced in the regulations enacted
by the laws of the United States. For that rea-
son I would vote for this bill; I would vote to im-
; prove the Ohio, the Mississippi, the Illinois, the ■
Arkansas, Red river, and the Tennessee. 1 would
vote for them all, in view of the fact that they
have already been in advance of this bill, and not
; alonebecausetheyweredeemednational,embraced
1 in the commercial regulations of the country; and
we are therefore bound to put up light-houses, and
buoys, and beacons,and piers in those rivers which
we have embraced in the regulations of commerce.
That, sir, is consistent with the doctrines of Madi-
son and Jefferson. Therefore, I say to the gen-
tleman from Georgia, that when Madison and Jef-
ferson signed bills of this character, they did not
degrade uiemselves. It is an assumption to put
upon me the allegation that I am degrading them,
and making them inconsistent with themselves. It
would be more intelligent to admit that I am ma-
king them more consistent with themselves. So
much for Madison and Jefferson. But, sir, it has
been denied that General Jackson sanctioned this I
system. I have already said in my remarks in |
opening, when I talked about Democracy in the ,
abstract, that I belonged to the Jackson party— j
the party organized in this country against John 1
Quincy Adams. The principles of that party I ,
profess and hold to faithfully; and I maintain that
the bill on your table is the very bill sanctioned by
that party,-in lieu of the original system of inter-
nal improvements. Gentlemen cannot gainsay it.
They may take new objections to this bill, and ,
they may'denounce General Jackson for having
supported this system, as the gentleman from Geor-
gia [Mr. Toombs] did, but they cannot deny but
that this was his policy. It was in that school of
politics that I was educated. The principles of
that school I profess to-day. That is the school
to which the people that I represent profess to be
attached.
This limited power to improve the navigation of
rivers, which are embraced within the regulations
of commerce as established by law, has been exer-
cised from the earliest periods of our history. It has
received the sanction of the most illustrious Repub-
licans; the very men, too, who framed the Consti-
tution. See an act approved August7,1789, prori-
I ding for light-houses in the Chesapeake bay, and
for repairing piers in certain other waters. See also
a report made to the House of Representatives 19th
March, 1802, from the Committee on Commerce,
! by Samuel Smith, of Maryland, a Democrat of
deserved distinction and virtue, and at that time
' the immediate friend of Jefferson, and a Repre-
sentative of the city of Baltimore, elected by the
Republican party.
" That by the adoption of the present Government the
t States relinquished the right of imposing tonnage duties,
1; which Pennsylvania had previously applied to the support
II of her light-house, beacons, buoys, and public piers; and
j | that the original intention of the tonnage duty on vessels of
• the United States appears to have been to provide for the
| erection, repairs, and support of light-houses, beacons,
] buoys, and piers, which, in all the laws relative to these ob-
I jects, appear to be placed on the same footing; and the pnb-
! I lie piers of the river Delaware were accordingly ceded to
] the United States by the State of Pennsylvania, at the same
j time and on the same conditions with the light-house on'
Cape Henlopen."—American State Papers, Commerce
and Navigation, vol. i., p. 500.
| Again, July -22, 1790, further appropriations
were made for the same purpose.
Again, 12th August, 1790, an act to defray the
I expenses of certain establishments for the security
' qf navigation, fyc.
Again, March 3,1791, another act of like char-
acter.
Again, April 12, 1792, another act of like Aax-
acter.
Again, June 7, 1794, and March 2, 1795.
Again, more particularly, on the 27th of April,
1798, an act was passed improving the navigation
of the channel of Warren river, and for some other
purposes of like character.
Again, on the 6th April, 1802, an act signed by
Mr. Jefferson, appropriating money for piers, &c.,
in the Delaware river, and for such like purposes.
Again, on the 1st March, 1805, another act of
: the same kind, signed by Mr. Jefferson.
And so it went on, steadily and wisely, until in
1830, General Jackson gave some account of it in
his annual message:
" The practice of defraying, out of the Treasury of the
' United States, the expenses incurred by the establishment
i and suppport of ligbt-houses, beacons, buoys, and publio
! piers, within the bays, inlets, harbof%, and ports of the Uni-
ted States, to render the navigation thereof easy and safe,
is coeval with the adoption of the Constitution, and has
been continued without interruption or dispute. As a nat-
l ural consequence of the increase and extension of our for-
eign commerce, ports of entry and delivery have been mul-
tiplied and established, not only upon our seaboard, but ia
the interior of the country, upon our lakes and navigable
rivers. The convenience and safety of this commerce have
led to the gradual extension of these expenditures; to the
erection of light-houses, the placing, planting, and sinking
of buoys, beacons, and piers, and to tne removal of partiu
and temporary obstructions in our navigable rivers, and in
the harbors upon our great lakes, as well as on the sea-
board. Although I have expressed to Congress my appre-
hension that these expenditures have sometimes been ex-
travagant, and disproportionate to the advantages to be
derived from thetn, I have not felt it to be my duty to refuse
my assent to bills containing them, and have contented my-
self to follow, in this respect, in the footBteps of all my pre-
decessors."
And again, after repeated allusions to the sub-
ject and elaboration of opinion, in December,
1834, he again goes fully into the question. He says
in that message:
" There is another class of appropriations for what may
be called, without impropriety, internal improvements,
which have always been regarded as standing upon differ-
ent grounds from those to which I have referred.
"I allude to such as have for their object the improve-
ment of our harbors, the removal of partial and temporary
obstructions in our navigable rivers, for the facility and se-
curity of our foreign commerce.
" The grounds upon which I distinguished appropriations
of this character from others have already been stated to
Congress. I will now only add that, at the first session of
Congress under the new Constitution, it was provided by
law that all expenses which should accrue from and after
the 15th day of August, 1789, in the necessary support and
maintenance, and repairs of all light-houses, beacons,
buoys, and public piers, erected, placed, or sunk, before the
