5*4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 17,
three feet deep only. So great was the washing
away of this promontory, that the United States
found it necessary to establish a species of wharf
or dock on its outside and east end, to protest it
from being entirely washed away.
This oar renders the entry and departure of ves-
sels, when the wind blows in certain directions,
exceedingly difficult. The removal of this bar is
part of the improvement sought for by the amend-
ment 1 have proposed. Much of the timber of
which the fleet of twenty vessels was made was
drawn upon the ice in the harbor, and hewed and
framed there. This timber was usually drawn in
the Winter, and many logs, sticks of timber, and
much of the rubbish of a ship-yard, where twenty
vessels had been built, found its way into the bot-
tom of that harbor, and it is made shallow by , ■
those materials. ~ j
The proposed amendment requires the United !■
States to clear out this harbor to its original depth
—to remove the bar at its mouth—in short, to
make the harbor as deep and accessible and as
good as it originally was. It is the duty of the ;|
Government to do this, by way of amends for the
injury it has done; it is proper to do it because it j
is on the frontier of the Republic; because it is a
military post and naval station, and has been the
seat of great military and naval operations, and
may be again. It is just and necessary, be-
cause this harbor is the natural outlet of much of
the produce of that region, and because it is the
seat of great and increasing commerce. There is
now a plank road that connects it with the public
works of the State of New York at Rome, eighty
miles in the interior, and a railroad is now in a I
state of rapid progress, and which will probably ■
be completed next Summer, connecting the same
places. There is another railroad in contempla- j
tion, connecting Sackett's Harbor with Saratoga
Springs, and thence with Albany and Boston,
which road will, I have no doubt, be completed.
When these improvements are completed, nothing ;
will prevent Sackett's Harbor from becoming Che
queen of Lake Ontario. The improvements are
due, are needed now? and their necessity is con-
tinually increasing.
I take occasion to say, that sound policy and
stern justice require that this improvement should
be made. The Government have made the village
of Sackett's Harbor the seat of war—for nearly
three years it was one continual scene of vigilance,
alarm, and battles; and was filled with military
and naval preparations—and we deem it hardly
possible that their reasonable request should be
denied.
The Government have carefully surveyed this
harbor, and pursuant to that survey have com- ,
menced the work. The map which i hold in my ;
hand was made by the Government, and shows i
the extent of the improvements made, and clear-
ly and fully sustains every material fact I have
stated*
Mr. BURT said he was opposed to the amend-
ment and to the tyll itself. He should have been
very happy if the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
McLane,] when he (Mr. B.) gave him notice the ij
other day of his desire to answer him, had, in his ,j
opening speech, argued the constitutional question, j 1
His friend from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] had inter- I
posed such insurmountable obstacles in the way :j
of the gentleman from Maryland as to render it ; |
unnecessary for him (Mr. B.) to attempt to enlarge ;
upon the constitutional question. He called upon
that gentleman to answer it—nay, he defied him
to answer it. He (Mr. B.) maintained that under
the Constitution of the United States this Govern-
ment could make no improvement or structure
whatever within the jurisdiction of a State, except
in cases clearly specified in the Constitution for
dock-yards, arsenals, fortifications, &c. He
would like to hear some gentleman attempt to an-
swer it—that the .consent of the State cannot en-
large the power of this Governmen*, or the legis-
lative department of the Government—that they
have no more right to make a harbor and open a
river than they have to make a railroad through
any State in this Union. He made that point.
Mr. B. also maintained that no system, as such,
of internal improvements had ever been attempted
bv the Federal Government—that it was impractica-
ble to adoptany system—that appropriations which' j
have been heretofore made, were mostly local in i
their character, as were the most of the appropria- ! i
tions in this bill. The most of them were entirely (j
local, and as such were highly objectionable. Mr.
B. then adverted to the fact of the vast expendi-
tures which have been heretofore made by the
Federal Government for works of the character in
this bill. He recited many statistics upon this
point to show the vast amount of the moneys col-
lected from the agricultural portions of the coun-
try which have been appropriated in violation of
the Constitution, and wasted in vain attempts to
build harbors where nature never intended that
there should be any..
Mr. CARTTER moved to amend the amend-
ment by striking out "810,000," and inserting
"$9,000."
"Mr. C. Mr. Chairman, in reference to the harbors
on ther western seas, I say that they are not only
necessary to the national defence—necessary to the
efficiency of the navy upon those seas—but they
are necessary for the protection of the great
amount of commerce that floats upon the bosom of
those magnificent waters. These lakes bear to the
West almost the entire emigration that has been,
and is now filling up that immense and wealthy
region. They bear upon their bosom the produce
that supplies the eastern States. They not only
carry the produce destined for the eastern States,
and much of that which goes to Europe, but they
bear back the merchandise of the East to the west-
ern and southern States. When you have sur-
veyed all the results of this commerce, you will
find that there is not a hamlet in the United States
but what is reached by the facilities these lakes af-
ford. Not only are they great national lines and
highways, but they are directly within the national
control. In all the details of their business, they
fnure directly to the support of every part of the
Government. They are not comprised within the
limits of a single State. But my time does not
permit me to make an elaborate argument upon
this point. I wish to say, Mr. Chairman, that I
will support and vote for no bill which does not
meet my own judgment and conscience. Any
system of rog-rolling and propitiating votes by
accumulating measures, is vicious in itself, and
ought not be tolerated. My rule of action upon
this bill when called upon to vote, will be to vote
for that which is demanded by the public welfare,
and what I conceive to be within the power of the
National Legislature to reject or approve.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, (inter-
rupting.) I rise to make an inquiry 
Mr. CARTTER. I desire not to be interrupted.
My time has almost expired. An inquiry has
been raised by gentlemen in the course of this dis-
cussion how you are to get the money by which
these internal improvements are to be made—these
improvements wnich are so beneficial to the wel-
fare of the Republic, and that will bring such un-
told advantages to the country. I have an an-
swer to this ques'tion. Take the money appro-
priated for fortifications—$739,000 appropriated
in baubles—that produce no good results, but only
ends in a system of corruption.
Mr. CLARKE opposed the amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cartter,] and urged
upon the Committee of the Whole the importance
of the adoption of his amendment. He again ad-
verted to the necessity of clearing Sackett's Har-
bor, the impediments in which, he said, were
placed there by the United States.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Cartter, and it was rejected-.
The question then recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Clarke, upon which he demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Bowlin and
Hallowat were appointed; and the question
being taken, the result was—ayes 68, noes 46.
No quorum voting, several members demanded
a call of the House.
The tellers then reported two more in the af-
firmative, which the Chair decided-to be a sufficient
number to make a quorum. Objection was made,
but the Chair decided that since there had been
two more reported there was a quorum voting.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, insisted upon
calling the roll.
The CHAIRMAN, in reply, said that the
question had been already decided.
Mr. JOHNSON wished to know what author-
ity the Chair had for deciding this question when
there was no quorum voting when the tellers re-
ported ?
Loud cries of " Call the roll!" Great confusion
in the Hall.
The CHAIRMAN understood the tellers tore-
port two more in the affirmative, which, in his
opinion, made a quorum of the members present.
If gentlemen are not satisfied with this decision of
the Chair they can appeal.
Mr. JOHNSON appealed from the decision.
Mr. BAYLY said that there was a quorum
present without counting the two who voted after
the tellers had reported. If the Chairman counts
himself, there was a quorum without counting the
two.
The question now being, Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the committee?
it was taken, and the decision of the Chair was
sustained.
Mr. McLANE moved to strike out the follow-
ing items:
" For a breakwater structure at the harbor of Burlington,
Lake Champlain, $15,000.
" For the improvement of Sackett's Harbor, Lake Onta-
rio, and the removal of a ship of the United States Navy
sunk there, $10,000."
Mr. McL. said: Now, sir, the Chair will observe
that I have moved to strike out so much as has
been inserted, together with so much as provides
for a structure at the harbor of Burlington, on
Lake Champ lain, and to insert the following
words:
" For the harbor at Burlington, Lake Champlain, $14,000."
Let me say to the committee, in support of that
amendment, that if they are disposed to'putinto
this bill additional items which have been already
submitted to the committee, either upon memorials
from this House or upon estimates sent to that
committee from the bureaus at the request of
members, and the bill should thereby become bur-
dened with so much weight as to fail in getting the
support of this House, the Committee on Com-
merce must be exonerated from all blame.
Mr. CALDWELL, of Kentucky. I rise to a
point of order, and it is this: The gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. McLane] proposes to strike out
that which the committee have inserted in the bill
upon the motion of the gentleman ftom New York
[Mr. Clarke.1
Mr. McLANE. Together with other words,
" for a breakwater structure at the harbor of Bur-
lington, Lake Champlain, $15,000."
Mr. CALDWELL. He proposes at the same
time to reinsert the other words which he strikes
out. It is substantially, in effect, to strike out that
which the committee have reinserted. I hold it to
be out of order.
The CHAIRMAN understands that the amend-
ment is to strike out that which the Committee
have inserted together with another portion of the
bill, which the Chair thinks is in order.
Mr. CALDWELL. That which he proposes
to insert is the same as that which is already in
the bill.'
Mr. McLANE said heproposed a different sum.
Mr. CALDWELL said that the sum proposed
to be inserted in the amendment was precisely the
sum which was proposed to be stricken out.
Mr. McLANE proposed to modify the amend-
ment so as to meet the objection of the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Caldwell.]
The CHAIRMAN, addressing the gentleman
from Maryland, inquired what his amendment
was?
Mr. McLANE. It is to strike out the appro-
priation of 815,000 for Burlington, and $10,000 for
Sackett's Harbor, and to substitute an appropria-
tion o£ $14,000 for Burlington.
Mr. CALDWELL insisted that the amendment
was not in order.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment to be
in order.
Mr. CALDWELL insisted upon his point of
order. The amendment offered by the gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. McLane] is, in effect, noth-
ing more nor less than to strike out that which the
committee have inserted. The gentleman pro-
poses to carry with it another provision of the bill,
and then to reinsert substantially that same pro-
vision. If the Chair decides that the amendment
is in order, he (Mr. C.) would appeal from the de-
cision.
The CHAIRMAN understood that the gentle-
man from Maryland had changed the sum from
the amount'now in the bill.
Mr. McLANE. Yes, sir.
The CHAIRMAN said that he must overrule
the point of order.
