556
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 17,
the city of Pittsburg. The Alleghany is naviga-
ble in its natural state about six months of the
year as far as Franklin, one hundred and thirty
miles from its mouth, and admits of boats of one
hundred and fifty tons burden. It is seldom closed
by ice—it has always been open, with few excep-
tions, and navigable except in the time of drought.
The Alleghany river should be improved at that
point, for it forms the connecting link between the
cities of New York and New Orleans, and is the
most direct route between those two great com-
mercial emporiums. A survey was made some .
ten years ago of the Alleghany, and*a favorable .
report was made to the Government; but-by some
accident that report was lost, and it could not be
found in the archives of this Government. I ask, |;
therefore,that the committee will adopt this amend- ;
ment, that there may be a resurvey of this river;
because, if directed and a report made favorable, .
as before, gentlemen can see the great importance ,
of at once improving the river, opening a link be-
tween New York and New Orleans, and thereby
opening a channel for commerce, the most direct
and speedy way of getting from the North to the
South. I am sure there can be no objection to this.
It is a national work, and of national importance.
It is one of those great rivers that connect two
States or more, and washes three States, or two.
States three times. I believe it comes within the
constitutional meaning of a navigable river of a
public nature, and one which is entitled to public
improvement. Besides that, it is of the very first
importance in every national point of view in
■which it can be viewed, and in every aspect. In
time of war it will be of great importance to our
country, and in time of peace and prosperity, it
■will be a great thoroughfare for the commerce and
for the travel between the East and the West, be-
tween the North and the South. Therefore, look-
ing at the subject in every point of view, I am
satisfied that the committee will adopt this amend-
ment, the appropriation asked for being but small.
I am perfectly satisfied that this river is of easy
improvement, and would be cheap in its expendi-
tures; and, above all^ that it would be of the first
importance when such improvements should be
made.
I, Mr. Chairman, am a river and harbor im-
provement man; but I would not carry the princi-
ple to an unreasonable extent. I would go for the
improvement Of such rivers as are national in
their character—that are of public importance and
utility, and are easy of improvement, and where
they make such important connections as this river
does with the great East, North", West, and
South, being about two hundred miles from its
mouth to the point designated. This river, in its
natural state, without any improvement extended
to it by Government, was navigated by steamboats
from Pittsburg three miles above Olean Point,
some fifteen or sixteen years ago. It has been
navigated almost constantly ever since, without
any improvement, to a point about two hundred
miles above Pittsburg, where the New York and j
Erie Railroad leaves the river and goes to the lake, j
A distance of forty-five miles above Buffalo it is i
navigable for six or eight months in a year by i
steamboats, without any improvements at all. Sir, :
the Alleghany river is the great arterial cord  j
[Here the hammer fell.] j
Mr. HILLIARD said: Mr. Chairman, in the
five minutes which are allowed me at this time I
desire to take occasion to say something distinctly ,
in relation to the bill at large, but as my time is
limited I will pass rapidly over the remarks made
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Howe.]
There can be no finer comment upon the grounds ;
upon which the bill rests than the remarks of the
gentleman himself, and upon the arguments of:
other gentlemen who have remarked upon the j
several objects of the bill. They have endeavored
to impress upon the committee that these were na- j
tional objects, that they were for the protection of
commerce, and that, therefore, it was within the
power granted by the Constitution to. appropriate
money for them. Now, if they were disposed to
concede that the commerce, the foreign commerce
of a port or harbor would bring it within the con-
stitutional rule, I would like to ask whether there
hi anything in the Alleghany river which would for
a single moment bring it under that class? But I
am not willing to concede that wherever foreign
commerce touches that there Government has a
light to construct works of improvement. I am
not willing to concede that Government has a right
to select certain points upon our coast and say it
will improve this point, while it will exclude the
other. It is utterly impossible to improve them
all, and what right has Government to select arbi-
trarily one to the exclusion of others? What
principle is to govern the action of the Govern-
ment? Why, when I turn to the Constitution,
the source of all the power which the Government
possesses, I ask where shall I find the power to
construct works of such a description as are con-
tained in this bill? I appeal to every gentleman
upon this floor, who professes to adhere to any-
thing like a constitutional and faithful construction
of the Constitution—I appeal to any man to say
whether there is in the whole range of constitu-
tional grants of power one single power to con- i
struct works of a local kind for the benefit of par-
ticular places ? I admit that wherever a work is
essential for the .protection of any great national
interest you may construct it and you may im-
prove it. I will not stop to inquire into what par-
ticular works cothe under this head, which author-
ize a national expenditure for their erection or im-
provement; but I will say, that unless it is a work
for the protection of the navy or of some public
property., or looking directly to the actual com-
merce of the country, that work cannot be erected.
There is no power within the Constitution which i
will authorize it. It is said that if any port enjoys
a large commerce, that any improvement upon this
port is a national work, and, therefore, within the
power of the Government to make appropriations
for the construction of that work. But you must
first show that a large commerce has concentrated
upon the point for which you propose to make your
appropriations, before 1 can admit the argument
to be a just and pertinent one.
Mr. Chairman, I do not shrink from the im-
putation of being a national man. I am a na-
tional man, and I intend to live a national man. I
intend to cultivate that spirit which should char-
acterize a national man. But, sir, a national man
is one who endeavors to keep the Government
within the powers which are conferred upon it by
the Constitution. As long as you poise it upon
that basis, it will exist, and exist in all its glory;
but when you undertake to transcend those pow-
ers, you weaken it. It is for this reason that I
am opposed to making the required appropriations
for the items contained in this bill, for I believe
they are not national in their character, but rather
local and sectional.
Mr. JOHNSON* of Arkansas, offered a pro
forma amendment. I shquld (he said) be exceed-
ingly glad to gjve any vote that would be gratify-
ing to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Howe,] who has offered the original amendment.
I offer this amendment to the amendment for the
purpose of opposing the whole system of offering
amendments to the Dill as it has come to us from
the committee. Unless the friends of this measure
will unite in opposition to all amendments and
cease to offer them themselves, they may as well
give up all hope of passing the bill this session.
If all tnese amendments are saddled upon the bill,
it can never become the law of the land. I desire
that this bill shall pass, even with all its sins and
all its defects; and.1 hope, therefore, most sincerely
and anxiously, that those who are the friends of
. the measure will at once cease to offeramendments,
' and oppose all amendments that may be offered.
| For myself, if 1 vote for any amendment, it must
! be in exceedingly rare cases. Those who are con-
| tending, for this measure, are chiefly western men.
( It is true, that this doctrine is a Whig doctrine, and
has been generally opposed by the Democratic par-
! ty; but it has been one of the greatest thorns in the
side of the Democratic party, particularly through-
out the great valley of the Mississippi, that they
have refused to make appropriations for these pur-
! poses. Whenever anything is wanted on the
I Atlantic coast, we can get millions expended, but
when it comes to something for the benefit of our
own people, and not to be divided with foreigners,
not a cent is to be had.
Now, I ask the friends of this measure, whether
they be Whigs or Democrats, to let the bill be
rsed as it is. But if they are against it secretly,
them come up and vote in amendments. A
great many amendments have been shown to me
in private, which I think are just and proper, and
which I should be glad to go for, but in view of
what I conceive will be the consequence ®f adopt-
ing any amendments to the bill, I cannot do it, and
I say again that I hope the friends of the bill will
pass it without amendments.
Mr. McGAUGHEY said: I am opposed to the
amendment to the amendment, which has just been
pwsented, and I am equally opposed to the amend-
ment itself; and in relation to the former I wish to
say a few words. My associates on this side of
the House have been charged with a factious sup-
port of this bill. It has been defined as one of the
measures of the Whig party, and that that parly
have been in favor of internal improvements by
the Federal Government.
I am myself prepared to vote for this bill, al-
though there is not any provision in it for an ap-
propriation for any improvements within three
hundred miles of me. 1 should vote for it even if
the appropriations for the Mississippi river were
stricken out; I would vote for it even if half the
appropriations were stricken out of it that are now
contemplated. Even if the appropriations for im-
provements on the northern lakes were cut out, I
would vote for the bill. And I would simply say,
that my reasons for so doing are these, and forme
they are ample and sufficient reasons: I think that
the bill contemplates the'accomplishment of a good
object, and I would prefer to do a little good, rather
than do none at all. If gentlemen consider and
wish that Government should make appropria-
tions for every object that appears to be desirable,
that appears national in its character, they must
reflect that so large an amount of appropriations
would bear too heavily on the Treasury of the
Government. I appeal to those gentlemen who
desire to have appropriations made for local objects
that may perhaps be very meritorious, that because
those objects are not included, it is no argument or
sound reason why they should vote against the
whole bill. There is the Wabash river, with a
valley as rich as the valley of the Nile—a valley
that pours more products into the markets of the
North, and into the markets of the South, than
any other country of the same extent anywhere,
and for this there is no appropriation proposed in
the bill. I proposed an appropriation for it, but
the committee decided against me; but because
that is rejected, believing, as I do, that the bill pro-
poses to effect some good, I shall vote for it, if we
cannot get a better and more comprehensive one.
I therefore appeal to those wno profess to be
the friends of this measure, that they abstain from
"offering amendments themselves,ana that they vote
down all that are proposed, in order that we may
sooner arrive at a rate upon the bill itself. The
committee that have reported this bill to the House,
are very anxious to get rid of it as soon as is
practicable. Why do we refer these bills to com-
mittees? It is that the committees may investigate
every item of appropriation asked for; and this is
done; as it is reasonably supposed that a committee
is more competent to do so than this body. We
therefore expect that the bills that are thus referred
shall come from their hands in a more perfect con-
dition than that in which they could be put in this
House unaided. I therefore ask that the committee
will use its influence to come to a vote on the bill,
and that gentlemen will abstain from retarding its
progress by the proposal of amendments.
The gendeman from Pennsylvania has now be-
come so patriotic, that he must have everything
he thinks needful in the bill, or he will have no bifl
at all. I hope 
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken on Mr. Johnion's
(of Arkansas) amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, said: Mr.
Chairman, I move to strike out $20,000 and insert
$10,000 for a survey of the Alleghany. I do this
| for the purpose of saying a worn not only in re-
| gard to the amendment, but in relation to the bill
itself. The Alleghany river is the most important
! tributary of the Ohio, and the latter the most im-
i portant commercial tributary of the Mississippi.
: To improve this river is to extend the navigation
j of the Ohio. But I will not enlarge as to its mer-
i its after what my colleague' [Mr. Howe] has so
| well said. I agree in the main with the views of
j the honorable gentleman from Arkansas, [Mr.
! Johnson,] and the honorable member from In-
| diana, [Mr. McGaughet,] that if the bill is to
! pass at all, it must be kept intact, as increasing the
amount of the appropriations. _ So strong, how-
ever, is my conviction of the importance of the
improvement proposed by my colleague that I
