1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
557
shall make it an exception to this rule and vote
for it.
But, sir, I intend to say a word or two on the
general policy of the bill. We were favored this
morning by the gentleman from Louisiana [Mr.
Morse] with some new light in regard to Che
character of General Jackson. I understood him
to say that he signed appropriatio%bills under the
pressure of existing circumstances. Sir, this is
new. I had thought if any one thing more dis-
tinguished that great man .than anything else,5t
was resistance to pressure. Pressure was ever
met by increased resistance on .his part. Sir,
no pressure could induce him to do what in all
things he did not approve of. Now, sir, I would
not refer to this matter but for the fact, that gen-
tlemen opposed to rivers and harbors claim that
they are exclusively Democratic. In 1832, Gen-
eral Jackson signed and "approved" an appro-
priation bill more extravagant in the system it
projected, vastly more So, than the present. It
contained fifty-six specific appropriations, and
commenced all the works on Lake Erie to which
appropriations are now proposed to be made. But
after this great number of specific appropriations,
that bill contained an authority to the President
to cause improvements and expenditure of money
on the Ohio, the Mississippi river above New
Orleans, the Missouri up to the Kansas, the Mis-
sissippi below New Orleans, and the Mononga-
hela from Pittsburg to Brownsville. These were
general objects without specific appropriations.
In 1833, a bill somewhat similar passed.
Mr. EWING raised a point of order, that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania could not remark
generally, but must be eonfined to the amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of or-
der.
Mr. THOMPSON resumed and said: Mr. Van
Baren signed and "approved" of several harbor
and river appropriation bills to continue generally
the work began before his Administration came
into power. In short, including Mr. Madison,
who was of opinion that improvements of harbors
and rivers were constitutional, Mr. Monroe, Mr.
4 Adams, General Jackson, Mr. Van Buren, John
Tyler, General Taylor, and Mr. Fillmore, have
all believed the matter to be constitutional, and
recommended or approved of it; while the only
one on the other side who believed and acted on.
the contrary principle was Mr. Polk. Men of
both parties supported these objects as local re
quireroents, ana under the necessity to provide
for the safety of our commerce, and sustained it.
It was and is exclusively a local question. Good
Democrats have been found supporters of such
improvements. Whigs have also supported, and
sometimes in sections have opposed it; so it has
been with both parties.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DUER. I am opposed to the amendment
to the amendment, and I am opposed also to the
amendment. It is obvious that the opponents of
this bill are seeking to defeat it by overloading it
with amendments. I do not complain of this; it
is a parliamentary mode of defeating a bill. It is
true that it is often a dangerous mode of opposi-
tion, as they may often get a worse bill than the
one they are opposing. That, however, is a
question for the gentlemen themselves to consider.
But I desire to call the attention of the friends of
the bill to that fact, and I desire also to vindicate
the good sense of the principle, that it is well for
this committee, in questions embracing details, to
take the advice given to them by committees
which are constituted for that purpose. The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Casey,] who
addressed the committee a short time ago, seemed
to think that there was something very tyrannical
in the doctrine that we should take the advice of
committees. If we were asked to follow their
commands, I admit that there would be justice in
what he says; but I do not understand any com- j
mittee here to have contended for the doctrine
that we are to foliow their orders. But we appoint
committees for the very purpose of doing that
which they can do better than we can do. I
think, therefore, that we should do well, unless in
very strong cases, to follow the advice of the
committee. I cannot conceive of anything more
fatal to a system of improvements of rivers and
harbors, than to attempt to make a bill in Com-
mittee of the Whole of two hundred and thirty-
two gentlemen. I have no doubt of the power to
improve rivers and harbors. I do not doubt the
expediency of exercising that power within cer-
tain limits; but I see as well as other gentlemen
see, that it is a dangerous power, which ought to
be exercised with the greatest discretion. I see
that unless you limit your expenditures to great
national objects, you will break the system down.
I know not which is the most dangerous of the
two opposite doctrines—that which denies all
power to this Government to do anything for the
improvement of our great rivers and harbors, or
that other dangerous policy of carrying on a vast
and extensive system of internal improvements.
And I am sure that the party which m its policy
adopts either one of these doctrines, is sure to
break down. .
Let ub, then, if we wish to,pass this bill, act
wisely and discreetly. There is a very inadequate
appropriation for a harbor at the place \jhere I
reside, (Oswego,) but I will not, for that reason,
seek to increase the appropriation. 1 shall feel
compelled, therefore, to vote against all amend-
ments, seeing that the result of the adoption of
amendments must be the entire defeat of this bill,
and of this system; for I tell you, that upon the
action of this Congress probably depends tlie exis-
tence of this system. Let us, then, vote down all
amendments, abstain from speeches, and pass the
bill to-day, and as speedily as possible.
The question was taken on Mr. Thompson's
amendment to the amendment, and it was not
agreed to.
Mr. CASEY offered a pro forma amendment to
increase the sum to $21,000, in order to reply to
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. McGAueHET,]
and te the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Duer..]
Mr. ROOT rose to a question of order. He
wished the rule providing for five minutes speeches
to be read, [Rule 34.]
The Clerk then read the thirty-fourth rule,
as follows;
" Provided, That when debate is closed by order of tll6
House, any member shall- be allowed, in comniittee, five
minutes to explain any amendment he may offer, after
which any member who shall first obtain the floor shall be
allowed to sraak five minutes in opposition to it, and there
«hall be no further debate on the amendment; but the same
privilege of debate shall be allowed in fkvor of, and
against any amendment that may be offered to the amend-
ment."
Mr. ROOT said that his question of order was,
that in speaking under this rule, members were
required to address themselves pertinently to the
amendment pending. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania had announced that it was his intention
to address the committee, not in relation to the
amendment he offered, but in reply to the gentle-
men that had preceded him. He (Mr. R.) held
that he was out of order in so doing.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Casey] had not pro-
ceeded so far as to enable the Chair to decide
whether the gentleman was, or would be out of
order. The gentleman from Pennsylvania could
proceed in order with his remarks.
Mr. CASEY said: I have been, and am in favor
of an appropriation for a survey, as proposed to
be made on the Alleghany river, inasmuch as I
believe that it would very greatly facilitate com-
merce in that region of country. I am in favor of
the original amendment, and yet the gentleman
from Indiana sets me down as opposed to river and
harbor improvements. When I was up I said no
such thing. _
Mr. ROOT called the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania to order. The gentleman had proposed to
strike out $20,000, and insert $21,000, and under
the rule was required to explain his reasons for
proposing the latter sum.
The CHAIRMAN decided that the gentleman's
remarks were in order.
Mr. CASEY.. If the gentleman from Indiana
had listened to my remarks, he would have found
that I was in favor of improvements of this kind.
Mr, ROOT inquired if he was to understand that
the Chair ruled the remarks of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to be in order?
The CHAIRMAN stated that it had so ruled.
Mr. ROOT appealed from the decision of the
Chair, and demanded tellers on the question of the
appeal.
Tellers were ordered, (Messrs. Levin and
Seddon acting,) and the question being taken,
Shall the decision of the Chair Btand as the judg-
ment of the committee ? was decided in the nega-
tive—ayes 60, noes 67.
So the decision of the Chair was reversed.
Mr. HOUSTON inquired whether there was
any amendment pending?
The CHAIRMAN stated that an amendment to
the amendment was pending.
Mr. BAYLY said: I am opposed to this appro-
priation for the Alleghany river. The course of
argument pursued by the gentleman from Georgia
I was new to jjne, inasmuch as it is the Whig party
, that have always been the party to run the Gov-
i I ernment in debt. The gentleman from Maryland,
j knowing that to carry out the work proposed in
j this bill money must be had, has undertaken to
' i show that the receipts in the Treasury for the en-
:! suing year will be so much larger, that there will
| be a large surplus income, and he comes at this
i conclusion in this way: He says that the en-
: tire receipts for the past six months have been
; $23,125,600 86, and he supposes that the next six
I months will yield larger receipts. Supposing that
!1 the next six months should be as large in the ag-
i gregate, that would give a monthly aveaage of re-
ceipts of $3,854,267. But the gentleman from
.Maryland arbitrarily .estimates that the average
^vill be $4,200,000. Now, upon what principle,
when the first six months liave only yielded
$23,000,000, does he estimate that the receipts for
the next .six months will be augmented ? So far
i from coming to any such conclusion, the history
of our finances shows that very large receipts on
importations during one part of the year should
not lead to our expectation that that amount will
continue during the remainder of the year. They
are almost certain to decrease. The gentleman
predicates from very large receipts for the first six
months, that we shall have increased receipts du-
ring the rest of the year.
Again: he has referred to the public lands, and
although for the year 1850 the receipts from this
i source have been only $1,859,000, yet he estimates
that those receipts will be for the,current year at
least $2,000,000. What is it that will tend to pro-
duce this increase in our receipts for the public
lands? Is it because we have voted nearly all of
them away ? Unless from this fact, he comes to the
conclusion that our receipts from the public lands
will be greater for the current year, I know not
what else it is.
Again: he goes upon the supposition that the
appropriations that will be made by Congress will
be no larger tl*in the estimates. At the same time
we all know that not a year has past that has not
had its appropriations exceed the estimates con-
siderably.
Mr. sTRONG. I desire to ask the gentleman
a question.
Mr. BAYLY. I do not wish to be interrupted,
as ray time is very short. I hope interruptions
will not come out of my time.
Mr. STRONG. I desire to know whether, by
a recent decision of the Supreme Court, then will
j not be large sums of excess of duties to be refunded ?
Mr. BAYLY. Yes; unquestionably such will
be the case, and they will have to be repaid out of
the estimates.
I was saying, when interrupted, that the gentle-
man from Maryland goes on the assumption that
the appropriations will be no larger than the esti-
mates, when we all know that they are constantly
larger. [Here the Chairman's hammer fell.]
Mr. HOUSTON wished to offer an amendment.
The CHAIRMAN stated that there was already
an amendment to the amendment pending.
The question was then taken on Mr. Caset's
amendment to the amendment, and it was lost.
Mr. GORMAN moved to amend the amend-
| went by adding, " for the improvement of the
| Wabash river, $50,000." He said that the prop-
osition of his colleague, which had been rejected,
was for an appropriation for the Wabash river
above the rapids; this was for the Wabash above
as well as below the rapids. •
Mr. CARTTER raised the point of order, that
the committee had just acted on the same amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN said that the gentleman from
Indiana stated that his embraced the whole Wa-
bash; the other amendment, to which the gentle-
man from Ohio referred, only included a section
of that river.
Mr McLANE asked what had become of the
