558
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 17,
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania?
[Mr. Howr.l I
The CHAiRMAN replied that the amendment
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania was now be-
fore the committee, and that tKe amendment of the
gentleman from Indiana was an amendment to that
amendment.
Mr. McLANE raised a question of order on the
amendment. He held that it was out of order to
move as an amendment to one paragraph a dis-
tinct appropriation for a different object. The
ruling ot the Chair, which deprived tie committee
of an opportunity of going back to a paragraph
which had been passed, necessarily required that
the rule should be adhered to in all cases.
The CHAIRMAN had ruled the amendment of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Howe] to
be in order; and if that was in order, the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Gor-
man] to that amendment was certainly in order.
The Chair therefore overruled the point of order of
the gentleman from Maryland.
Mr. McLANE appealed from the decision of
the Chair; and before making the appeal, he
wished tiAtsk whether he understood the Chair to
rule that these paragraphs of the bill were sections,
and that it was not in order to go back to a para^,
graph which had been passed? He made the ap- I
peal upon that statement of theChair—a statement, j
in his opinion, altogether inconsistent with the
parliamentary law. But if the Chair adhered to
his ruling, the friends of the bill must hold him
strictly to it. i
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair stated, when '
this bill w%s taken up, that it must be considered
by paragraphs, and that when one paragraph was
passed or acted on, no amendment to that para-
graph would be in order. To the paragraph now
tanaer consideration the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Howe] had moved an amendment,
and to that amendment the gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Gorman] had moved, as an amendment,
an additional appropriation.
Mr. STRONG inquired if the Chair ruled that
an amendment proposing to appropriate a sum of
money for (he improvement of the Wabash was
germane to an amendment proposing to appropri- j
ate a certain sum to the Alleghany?
The CHAIRMAN said that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania would observe that the amendment
appropriating a sum for the Alleghany was an
amendment to the original paragraph, and if it
was in order, the amendment to the amendment
must be in order likewise. •
The question was then taken on Mr. Mi-Lave' 
appeal, and being put, •' Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the committee?"
it was decided in the negative, on a division—ayes
51, noes 60.
So the decision of the Chair was reversed, and
Mr. Gorman's amendment was ruled out of or-
der.  
Mr. CARTTER moved to limit the appropria-
tion to $1,000, and was proceeding to address the
committee, when
Mr. GORMAN rose to a point of order. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Howe] had
moved as an amendment to one of the paragraphs
of this bill, an appropriation for an entirely differ-
ent work. The committee had ruled his (Mr.
G.'s) amendment to that amendment out of order
on the ground that it was for a different work, and
he now made the point of order that the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania was out
of order for the same reason.
Mr. CARTTER thought that the time had
passed by at which the objection could be raised
to the amendment of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania.
The CHAIRMAN said that, in pursuance of
the decision of the committee on the amendment
of the gentleman from Indiana, the Chair was
bound to rule the amendment of the gentleman
from Pejuisylvania also out of order.
Mr. PaRKER rose to a point of order. He
had understood the Chair to announce the division
on the appeal of the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. McLane,] ayes 51, noes 60, which was not
a quorum. Now, he wanted to know what was
the decision of the committee on the appeal ?
Mr. CARTTER called the gentleman to order.
It was too late to raise the question now.
The CHAIRMAN said that the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Puut] was not in order.
"TT
Mr. PARKER said that it could not be too
late to make the point of order. !
The CHAIRMAN decided that it was toolate. 1
Mr. MASON wished to amend the bill by
striking out the twenty-first and twenty-second
lines, appropriating $10,000 for the improvement
of the harbor at the mouth of Little Sod us Bay, on
Lake Ontario, and inserting what he would send
to the Chair in lieu thereof.
The CHAIRMAN ruled that the amendment
was out of order, as the committee had not yet
reached that paragraph in the bill. It .would be
in order, unless an amendment were moved to a
previous paragraph.
Mr. McLANL inquiral what had become of
Mr. Howe's amendment?
The CHAIRMAN stated that the Chair had
ruled it out of order.
Mr. HALL appealed from the decision of the
Chair*
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mis-
souri appeals from the decision of the Chair.. The
Chair had ruled that the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Howe] was out
of order. Upon the ground that no appeal had
been taken at the time, and the committee had ac-
quiesced in the decision of the Chair, the Chair
overruled the point of order.
Mr. HALL said that the Chair entirely mis-
understood the nature of his appeal. He had un-
derstood the Chair to rule the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Kentucky to be out of order;
and it was from that decision tnat he appealed.
The CHAIRMAN stated that he haa ruled it
out of order, unless an amendment were proposed
to a previous paragraph of the bill.
Mr. ANDERSON inquired what was the pend-
ing question?
The CHAIRMAN stated that the amendment
of the gentleman from Kentucky, unless an amend-
ment were proposed to a previous paragraph.
Mr. ANDERSON offered an amendment.
Mr. McLANE asked whether a vote had been
taken upon the amendment of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania?
The CHAIRMAN stated that that amendment
had been ruled out of order, and the pending ques- ,
tion was on the amendment offered ufy the gentle- (
man from Tennessee. [
Mr. McLANE understood the gentleman from
Kentucky to have offered an amendment.
The CHAIRMAN stated that Mr. Mason's
amendment had reference to a subsequent para-
graph in the bill to that proposed to be amended
by the gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. McLANE desired that Mr. Mason 'i amend-
ment might be read. |
The CHAIRMAN said that Mr. Anderson'*
amendment took precedence of it.
Mr. HOUSTON believed that the amendment
of the gentleman from Tennessee did not refer to
a previous paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the amendment
had not been read.
Mr. RICHARDSON moved that the committee
rise.
The question being taken, the committee refused
to rise.
Mr. ANDERSON moved to amend the bill by
adding, as an additional paragraph, an appropria-
tion of $100,000 for the improvement of the Ten-
nessee river.
Mr. McLANE rose to a question of order. His
point of order was, that no amendment was in
order, except an amendment to perfect one of the
paragraphs in the bill. As this amendment was
proposed as an additional paragraph, he held it ;
could not be entertained until the bill shall have |
been gone through with. |
The CHAIRMAN stated that the Chair was '
of opinion that the point of order raised by the
gentleman from Maryland was well made. But
an appeal had been taken from the decision of the .
Chair in a similar case, and the committee had re- 1
fused to sustain the decision of the Chair. The J
Chair must therefore overrule the point of order j
raised by the gentleman from Maryland. j
Mr. HALL appealed from the decision of the 1
Chair. j
Mr. GORMAN demanded tellers, and they were !
ordered.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, inquired
whether the committee had decided that an amend-!
went would be in order before the bill was per- [
fected, that was not pertinent to some paragraph
in the bill?
The CHAIRMAN stated that such was the
case.
Mr. STEVENS. That is such a manifest ab-
surdity, that J hope the committee will reverse its
decision. [Confusion.]
The CHAIRMAN stated that an amendment
had been offered by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, containing an appropriation for an object
not contained in any paragraph of the bill. The
Chair, pursuing the decision of the House, had
ruled the amendment out of order, and from that
decision the gentleman from Alissouri had ap-
pealed.
Mr. ANDERSON. If my amendment is not
in order I will withdraw it. (Cries of "It is in
order!")
Mr. STRONG desired to ask whether this was
an amendment to the bill, or an amendment to an
amendment ?
The CHAIRMAN stated that it was an amend-
ment to the bill.
The question on the appeal was then taken by
tellers, (Messrs. Corwin and Harris acting,) and
decided in the affirmative—ayes 72, noes 57.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. INGE said that as there was no prospect
that the bill could be disposed of to-day, he would
move that the committee rise.
Mr. HALL demanded tellers on the question of
rising, and they were ordered.
The question on rising was then taken by tellers,
(Messrs. Thurman, and Caldwell of Kentucky,
acting,) and decided in the negative—ayes 49,
noes 87.
So the committee refused to rise.
The Clerk then proceeded to read the bill by
paragraphs.
Mr. MASON moved to strike out the appropri-
ation for the improvement of the harbor at the
mouth of Little Sodus Bay, on Lake Ontario, and
to insert an appropriation for the improvement of
- Big Sandy river, in Kentucky.
Mr. CONGER submitted that the amendment
of the gentleman from Kentucky was not in order, t
as it had been already decided by the committee
that it was not in order to move to amend an ap-
propriation for a specific work, by inserting an
. appropriation for an entirely different work.
The CHAIRMAN said that he understood that
the harbor proposed to be improved by this ap-
propriation was at the mouth of the river to which
the amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky
related. The gentleman from Kentucky only pro-
posed, therefore, to strike out the phraseology of
the bill and insert a different phraseology, but
having the same object.
[Loudcries of "Oh, no!"]
Mr. SACKETT. The Chair is mistaken. The
one is on Lake Ontario, the other in Kentucky.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the amendment of
the gentleman from Kentucky is out of order.
Mr. MASON asked if it was then in order to
move to strike out the appropriation for Little
Sodus Bay ?
The CHAIRMAN said that it was.
Mr. MASON submitted that motion.
Mr. GORMAN raised the point of order, that if
it was in order to strike out, it was in order to in-
sert anything that was gefmane to the subject-
matter proposed to be stricken out.
The CHAIRMAN decided according to the de-
cision of the committee) that to propose to strike
out and insert sofnethirtg relevant to the paragraph
was in order, but that to strike out and insert some-
thing different, was not in order. He therefore
overruled the point of order made by the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Gorman.]
Mr. MASON said, I do not exactly understand
the distinction made by gentlemen in relation to this
bill, as regards the policy of the Whig party, nor
yet in relation to striking out and inserting. If I
understand the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
McLane,] it is perfectly competent and perfectly
Democratic for this Government to . appropriate
sums for large national objects, such as Big Sodus
Bay 
Mr. CONGER (interposing) raised the point of •
order, that the gentleman from Kentucky must con-
fine himself to showing why this appropriation
should be stricken out.
Several Members. So he is.
