1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
650
The CHAIRMAN decided that the gentleman
from Kentucky was in order.
Mr. MASON. I understand that the principle
of the friends of this bill is, that large national ob-
jects, big matters, can be properly appropriated to
by this Government, but that it is not within the
scope of the powers of this Government to make
appropriations for small matters. Well, here is
a large appropriation for Big Sodus Bay; that I pre-
sume comes within the scope of the power of the
Government, and I do not propose to strike it out.
It is a big matter—Big Sodus Bay—and, of course,
a national matter. (Laughter.) The next pro-
vision in the bill is for an appropriation to little
Sodus Bay. (Laughter?) I do not think that that
appropriation comes within the scope of even the
Whig principle. The gentleman from Indiana
says that the improvement of rivers and harbors
is a Whig principle, but I do not think that the
Whig principle ever included little bays and rivers,
(laughter;) I am therefore opposed to the appro-
priation for Little Sodus Bay, and I had desired to
move to insert in lieu of it an appropriation for
Big Sandy river in my own State. (Great laugh-
ter.) In my district there is a Little Sandy river; I make the motion in good faith, and not merely
judgment of the committee? and decided in the
affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
[ Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, moved that the
committee rise.
j Mr. McDONALD moved that the committee
take a recess till seven o'clock.
The CHAIRMAN said the motion could only
be entertained by unanimous consent.
Mr. DUER objected.
The question was then taken on Mr. Harris's
motion; and the committee refused to rise.
The question recurred on Mr. Mason'* amend-
ment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY .moved to strike out the words
" $10,000" from the appropriation for Little So-
dus harbor. He said: I desire to say, that I make
this motion in consequence of the information-1—
Mr. HOUSTON raised the question of order,
that this was in-point of fact the same amendment
as the one just disposed of.
'Mr. BAYLY. To save time in settling the
point of order, I modify my amendment, and
move to reduce the appropriation to one dollar.
to that I would not propose any appropriation.
(Renewed laughter.) It is a small river, navi-
gated by flat boats. But Big Sandy river certainly
comes within the scope of the principle of the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce [Mr.
McLane] on this subject, and I do not know but
what it comes within the principle of Jefferson and
Madison, which he was so specific in explaining
the other day. (A laugh.) But certainly this
Little Sodush Bay is outside of the principle of
Whigs, Democrats and all, and I hope, therefore,
that it will be stricken out; and some time, if it
ever gets to be in order, I shall move to insert an
appropriation in the bill for Big Sandy river.
appropriation
(Laughter.)
Mr. CONGER said: I will not occupy much of
the time of the committee in opposing the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Kentucky. This
hrfrbor may not be a fortunate one in the name of
the place where it is located,but it appeared that in
other respects the gentleman from Kentucky knew
very little about this harbor or the bay- on which j
it was situated. The gentleman is entirely mis-
taken in supposing that Little Sodus Bay is a small
bay; for in point of size there is little distinction
between Little Sodus Bay and Big Sodus Bay.
They are both located on the same lake. I will
send to the Clerk's table a report, made by Colonel
Abert, in relation to this proposed work. It is a
work that has been surveyed by order of Govern-
ment; and the harbor there is recommended by ;
Government. j
The Clerk then read an extract from Colonel i
Abert's report, speaking of the high importance j
of this harbor on the lakes.
Mr. C. said: I only desire to say in addition, !
that this harbor is of so much importance that a !
collector of customs is stationed there. j
Mr. MASON inquired whether the collector [
did not live at Oswego, about two miles off? . j
Mr. CONGER said that there was a collector ',
at both places. ![
Mr. McDONALD. I desire to amend the mo- '
tion of the gentleman from Kentucky, by changing ; j
the name of this bay from Little Sodus to Big :j
Sodus, so as to make it constitutional. [Laughter !|
and cries of " Order!"] j
The CHAIRMAN decided such a motion i
would be out of order. 11
Mr. GORMAN wished to amend the paragraph '
before it was stricken out. He believed that it ;
was in order. He moved to add after the word j
" dollars," " also $50,00(Lto improve the Wabash |
river." j
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out :
of order.
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio, inquired what was the '
opinion of the Chair? 1
The CHAIRMAN stated that the Chair had \
two or three times ruled the amendment, or simi- '
lar amendments, out of order. j
Mr. GORMAN. Is it in order to appeal ?
The CHAIRMAN. Yes, it is. j
Mr. GORMAN. Then, in the name of all ,
that is sacred, if the rules are to be so administered, 1
I shall appeal from the decision of the Chair.
The question was then taken on the appeal, i
" Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the >
for the purpose of hanging a speech upon it. The
committee has* decided that this is a general
appropriation bill. The rules require that noth-
ing snail be put in a general appropriation bill
which is not for the continuation of work already
provided for by law. Now, the report of the
engineer which was read at the table, shows that
tms is an entirely new work, and the Committee
on Commerce, if this is an appropriation bill, had
no right therefore to put thid item ^n the bill, and
I call upon the committee to strike it out.
Mr. WENTWORTH said that it was not a
new work, for it had been appropriated for, to
his knowledge, some three or four times.
Mr. McLANE called the gentleman to order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the ,
point of order made by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Batlt.] 1
Mr. BAYLY (interposing) said that he did ;
not choose to be put in a wrong attitude. He
had raised no point of order. He had moved to
cut out this appropriation, because he believed ]
that it had been improperly put in the bill. j
Mr. HOUSTON obtained the floor, and said: I j
understand the motion made by the gentleman
from Virginia to be a motion to reduce the appro-
priation to one dollar. He does not raise a ques-
tion of order, but he expresses a hope that the
committee will sustain him upon grounds which
appertain exclusively to the point of order, that
this being a general appropriation bill, it is not in
order to insert in it appropriations for works not
already authorized by law. Now, I wish to say,
in answer to what has fallen from the honorable
gentleman, that granting this to be an appropria- |
tion bill, yet by the uniform practice of the House 1
from the earliest time down to the present day,
we have always authorized works like this, in '
bills sim lar to this. i
Mr. BAYLY. But it has never been treated |
as a general appropriation bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. Yes, sir, it has usually been [
treated as a general appropriation bill. It has
come up among the appropriation bills, and it is
nothing in fact but an appropriation bill. It pro-
vides for nothing but appropriations for rivers and
harbors. I say, then, that the remarks of the hon-
orable gentleman, even granting them to be well
founded, have no weight, so far as this bill is con-
cerned, as it has always been treated as an excep-
tion to the rule.
The question was then taken on Mr. Batlt's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, moved to strike out
the forty-second and forty-tliird lines, " For the
improvement of a harbor on Cunningham's bay,
lake Erie, $10,000." He said that he should not
occupy his allotted five minutes, but he wished to
say that on looking at the bill 4ie found four dif-
ferent appropriations for harbors, at points not
more than twenty-five and forty miles from it.
Cunningham's harbor was a place he had not
heard of, as a place so useful for the shipping on
the lakes. He merely wished that the committee
might exactly know what they were voting for.
He believed that there was nothing said about it
in the engineer's report. He did not think that
the appropriation should be granted.
Mr. G1DDINGS said, that for the informa-
tion of the gentleman, he would state that the
harbor was commenced about 1832. For years
appropriations had been voted for it, but that
presuming that it was in a good condition, no
further appropriations had been made for the past
six or eight years, andin the last recommendations ■
of the Topographical Bureau, it was entirely, by
some oversight, overlooked. The works had now
become so diplapidated, that upon inspection it
was thought necessary to make an appropriation
to preserve it from total dilapidation.
This harbor was the first landing-place on the
northwestern lake border—the first landing-place
of the old Western Reserve. The first pioneers of
the West had settled found there, and a large
quantity of products—more cheese, and products
of every description, were sent from that portion
of the country than any other of the same popu-
lation.
As regards its situation, for the benefit of the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Harms,] he would
state, that although he could not say exactly
whether it was on one or the other side of the line
between the two counties, it is not forty rods dis-
tant from either, or the southern shore of the lake.
The question was then taken on the adoption of
; Mr. Harris's amendment, and it was lost.
j# Mr. BAYLY moved to strike out the item
| " for the improvement of the harbor at Ashtabula,
i #15,000."
; Mr. B. said that he made the motion for the
| purpose of asking the chairman of the Committee
! on Commerce how it happened, if the statement
; of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Harris] was
correct, that this particular district had been so
fortunate in getting appropriations when many
] districts had got none at all ?
Mr. McLANE said that he was very happy to
! have an opportunity of informing the gentleman
from Virginia, that all .such sectional issue^as
were presented by him in his inquiry, found no
place whatever in* the consideration of the Com-
mittee on Commerce. That was the answer he
had to give the gentleman.
Mr. BAYLY said that he. was quite sure of
that, because the bill was sectional from beginning
to end.
Mr. McLANE wished to inquire of the gentle*
man from Virginia, if he had made any estimate
of this bill ? and if he could inform the committee
how much money it proposed to appropriate
north of Mason and Dixon s line, and how much
south of it? *
Mr. BAYLiT said that he had, and that he
■ would just say, in answer to the gentleman, that,
whilst the bill appropriated three hundred and
i odd thousand dollars to New York, it only appro-
I priated twenty thousand to Virginia!
j The question was then taken on Mr. Batlt'*
I amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. McDONALD moved to strike out the fol-
lowing: " For the improvement of the harbor of '
Dubuque, on the river Mississippi, $90,000."
Mr. McD. said: When some time since I offered
an amendment for the improvement of the Wabash
river, I held that it was in the power of this Gov-
ernment to improve its rivers, harbors, and lakes,
whilst I repudiated the doctrine that has been laid
down as the basis of the Whig platform on this
subject—that Congress has any power to enter
into a general system of internal improvements.
As I said before, I hold that the Federal Govern-
ment has unquestionably under its control the im-
provement of its rivers and harbors. I move,
then, in good faith, to strike out this appropria-
tion for the construction of a harbor at Dubuque,
on the Mississippi river. I am willing to take out
the obstructions that exist in the Mississippi; I
am willing that those snags that have been the
death of thousands of our citizens, shall be re-
moved. But what will be the use of constructing
harbors for boats to land ? It is not a harbor that
is to be constructed, but a wharf, and every town
on the Mississippi is as much entitled to a wharf
as the town of Dubuque, or the city of St. Louis.
A harbor, according to the definition of geogra-
phers, is an inlet of the ocean, in which vessels
can ride in safety. What would be the use of a
harbor on the Mississippi ? What can it be pro-
posed for, but for the benefit of the small town of
Dubuque ? It is but a result of this Whig system
of internal improvements by the General Govern-
ment, of building up a system by appropriating
money at any and every peiat. The chairman of
