560
THE CONGRESSIONAL t^LOBE.
Feb. 17.
the Committee on Commerce has told us that all
th« items in the bill have undergone investigation.
And now you are called upon to vote down all
amendments and everything that is in opposition
to this bill. But let me place the House in pos-
session of some of the working of a committee
room. They have placed in the bill sufficient ap-
propriations for various objects to carry with it a
certain and sufficient number of votes; and the;
now sure that this has been so well effeci
Jiey are
tea that
they confidently call upon the Committee to carry
through the bill without amendment or diminution.
The bill is not framed according to the judgment
of the country perhaps; yet the Committee on
Commerce propose, and tnis body is expected to
endorse all the appropriations contained in it. If
the friends of the bill feel confident of its real mer-
its—if they think that each and all of the appro-
priations contained in it are sanctioned by the
necessities and interests of the country—if they
have no other motive than that ostensibly professed,
I ask why should all amendments be thus sum-
marily dismissed ? My worthy colleague has said
that internal improvements by the General Gov-
ernment was one part of the Whig creed; and that
if one plank of the 1
e P>
was it. I hope it will long remain in the platform
of his party, and when his system of squandering]
the public money on indiscriminate works of in- :
ternal improvement has reduced the Government
to bankruptcy, the frown of an indi&nant, betray-
ed, and oppressed people, will sink both platform
and party into merited oblivion.
Mr. WENTWORTH spoke in opposition to
the amendment. He said, I think that this harbor
at Dubuque does not belong to the Whig .party, j
It will come under the Baltimore platform, and is,
in every sense of the word, a Democratic harbor,
although it is oa the Mississippi river. I am free
to Confess, that the policy of the Democratic party
has not always been consistent in relation to this
question, and therefore I will Say nothing on the
subject. I think that there are as good Democrats ;
opposed to the improvement of harbors by the i
General Government as there are for it, and vice |
pen*. The estimate for this work was furnished j
to the Committee on Commerce by the Depart-
ment. The harbor at Dubuque began frith Mr.
Polk, at a time that Iowa wasaTerntory; and the
only question now is, shall the work already be-
gun be completed !
Mr. CARTTER. I wish to inquire of thegen-
tllbian from Illinois, if he thinks that the Federal
Government has the same power 40 take care of
harbors in the States as in its Territories ?
Mr. WENTWORTH. I am not talking about
the power of Government oyer harbors. A great
deal is said about the powers of this Government,
but I find that when a man wants a thing under
this Government, he finds a power to do it. The
harbor at Dubuque was commenced when Iowa
was aTerritory, and is now nearly completed. The
only question is, shall the work already done be
wasted and go for nothing, or shall we appropri-
ate (25,000 for its completion ? I am in favor of
keeping in the appropriation for its completion.
Mr. ORR moved that the committee rise.
Mr. THOMAS called for tellers, which were
ordered, and Messrs. MeWiLLW and Caiet ap-
pointed. • J
The question was taken, and the tellers report- <
ed—ayes 34, noes 87. j
So the committee refused to rise.
The question was then taken on Mr. McDon-
ald's amendment, and it was rejected—ayes 30, '
noes 81. _ j
Mr. McDONALD said: As I desire to put this !
bill in a shape in which I can give it my support i
when it comes into the House, Fmove to strike out!
the following item: " For the improvement of the
harbor at St. Louis, on the Mississippi river, j
|50,000." |
[Loud cries of " Question !"}
I suppose the question will not be taken till my
five minutes are through. [" (Question!" "ques- j
tion!"] I am, as I said before, favorable to the
principles contained in this bill to some extent. |
But I am not one of the initiated. I had not had
an opportunity of being behind the curtain and
engaged in tinkering up a bill for the purpose pf
being presented to the House for its indorsement, j
I am, therefore, under no obligation to follow |
the lead of the chairman of the Committee on j
Commerce. I am not one of his clansmen, and I I
hig <
ilati'orm still remained, this •
need not, therefore, obey the summons of his pi-
broch. I have a perfect liberty to examine this
bill in all its details, and to move to strike out what
I deem objectionable; and if, when this bill comes
before the House, it is not of such a character as
that I can give it my support, I shall feel per-
fectly at liberty to vote against it. I should like to
know how any Democrat who has denounced the
idea of a system of internal improvements—and I
understand the chairman of the Committee on
Commerce to say that he is opposed to any such
system—can vote for the bill? The bill contains a
proposition for the construction of a wharf at the
city of St. Louis. It is one of the principles of
the Whig party that it is within the purview of
the power of this Government to enter into a sys-
tem of internal improvements, and to expend
money for the local advantage of any particular
place within the limits of the United States. Those
men who entertain that doctrine can consistently
vote for such a bill as this. Those men who •
entertain that doctrine of course have no difficulty
in supporting this clause of the bill. But I asfi
those who still call themselves Democrats, and
draw a distinction between a general system of in-
ternal improvements and the improvement of na-
tional objects by the Government, how they can
reconcile it to themselves to vote for an appropria-
tion to construct a wharf for the city of St. Louis,
under the pretence of improving the harbor? That ,
certainly is not the doctrine which has been laid
down by the chairman of the Committee on Com-
merce, [Mr. McLane.1 However much he may
be disposed to extend the Democratic construction
of the Constitdtion,"he has not* attempted to give
it any such construction as would embrace such,
such improvements as this.
If, sir, it is in the power of Congress to construct
! this kind of public improvement for the benefit of
t St. Louis, it is in the power of Congress to con-
l struct any other kind of improvement, of any kind
I or description*. It may make roads and canals for
the local benefit of the particular places where they
are created; and, in short, there is no expenditure
of the public money which it is not within the
power of this Congress to make, if it can do this.
I have, therefore, with an earnest desire to put
this bill in a shape in which I can support it,
moved in good faith to strike out this item. I
might complain, perhaps, that justice has not been
done to the section of the Union that 1 in part rep-
resent here, in leaving out of this bill a river five
hundred miles in extent, that passes between two
of the sovereign States of the Union. I cannot
say, with my colleague, [Mr. McGaughey,] that
I am glad the committee have voted down the prop-
osition for the improvement of that stream. He
says that he felt forced to vote for it. Sir, that is
not the course I pursue. When I oppose a thing
I oppose it openly. I cannot be " forced " to vote
for what I do not approve of, nor will I rejoice
when my vote is overridden by a majority of the
committee.
Mr. BOWLIN said: I shall not occupy my five
minutes. The gentleman who lias just addressed
the committee, it seems to me, knows no more of
constitutional principles than he does of the differ-
ence between a wharf and a harbor. I wish to
correct him in all kindness, and to inform him that
whilst he has been talking about harbors and
wharves, he should have remembered that they are
two very separate and distinct things. Cities can,
and have full power to make their own wharves;
and such a thing as asking this Government to
make a wharf has never been known. When we
draw this distinction, in reference to the honorable
gentleman's argument, it*11 falls to the ground.
Mr. McDONALD. Does the channel of the
Mississippi want deepening opposite St. Louis ?
Mr. BOWLIN. I will explain the whole mat-
ter directly. It does not want deepening. The
channel of the Mississippi opposite St. Louis, as
everybody knows, has an alluvial bottom, and the
river at this particular spot separates to an enor-
mous width. Islands and bars grow up so as al-
most to obstruct the navigation of the river alto-
gether, immediately opposite the city, as a very
natural consequence of this movable bottom. It
is to check this operation that the Government
had engaged in this work before ever I had a seat
in this House. Estimates are regularly made at
the Department for this work, ana I think that it
is one that as much as any deserves appropriations
from this Government. It is intended to ferae the
channel of water to keep its natural course, and to
prevent it from throwing up sand-banks and sand-
islands so as to, as it has sometimes done, almost
obstruct the navigation of the river for some five
or six miles below the city.
Mr. McGAUGHEY moved to amend Mr. Mc-
Donald's amendment by reducing the appropria-
tion to #25,000.
Mr. McG. said: I will reply to my colleague,
who seems to have been desirous of a controversy
withme, that if he seeks such a controversy he shall
not find me disinclined to enter into the lists with
him. I did not say that I rejoiced that the com-
mittee had voted down his proposition for an ap-
propriation for the improvement of the Wabash
river. I said that I approved of the wisdom of
the friends of the bill in voting it down because ho
was sailing under false colors. He pretends to be
a friend of this bill, and yet he voted in every way
to postpone its consideration. He pretended that
if this a:
adopted
Jh
ppropriation for the Wabash had been
ne would vote for the whole bill, when
really his object was to destroy it. He did it
not for the purpose of strengthening the bill or
improving the Wabash, but for the purpose of
breaking it down. He proposes the appropriation
for the Wabash, and as an object of appropriation
I confess it seems to me that it is a very proper
one, and therefore I could not vote against it. At
the same time, as I said, his object was so evident-
ly to break down the bill and not to assist in good
faith in its passage, while I was not rejoiced, I could
not fail to see the wisdom of the friends of the bill in
voting down a proper object when it was proposed
by an enemy in disguise, and for the purpose of de-
stroying the measure. When an enemy openly as-
sails you for the purpose of destroying what you
are anxious to accomplish, it is wise to resist him
and destroy his means of attack, even though
the thing to be destroyed is in itself good. It is
necessary to destroy these means, good as they
may be. I know that the valley of the Wabash
is one of the richest in the United States, and its pro-
ductions are as valuable and as, abundant as thefae
of any portion of the country. I think also that
proper appropriations ought to be made for the
improvement of the navigation of that river, and
if I thought it would pass I would propose an ap-
propriation. But when I ask other members to
leave out their appropriations I am willing to make
an equal sacrifice myself. I am therefore really a
friend to this bill. I would vote for it if you struck
out all the appropriations for the Mississippi river,
although I believe these appropriations to be the
most just and needful of any proposed. 1 will not
refuse, if necessary, to sustain the commerce of
the lakes because my own favorite appropriation
cannot be adopted—the improvement of the Mis-
sissippi river. I am for doing as much good of
this kind "as we can, and will not refuse to do any
because I cannot accomplish all that I desire. Not
like my colleague, who has pushed this appro-
priation for the Wabash river, did I try to make
the various other general appropriation bills spe-
cial orders, on the motion of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, with a view to
cut off this bill. On this motion my colleague
[Mr. McDonald] was voting with Mr. Baylt,
and so were all my colleagues except the gentle-
man who represents the lake district. That gentle-
man and myself are the only Representatives from
Indiana who did not vote thus to postpone the
river and harbor bill. They have sailed under
false colors.
Mr. JULIAN, (interposing.) Does the gentle-
man include me amongst those of his colleagues
sailing under false colors?
Mr. McGAUGHEY. Oh, no; I believe you
are right." I had my ejfe on the Democracy, and
I overlooked Free-Soilism. [Laughter.] I believe
my respected colleague is right on this point; and
it is about the only thing upon which ne is right.
[Laughter.] " I will give him that credit at least.
I hope he will excuse me for overlooking him.
There is so little Free-Soil iti my State that I had
forgotten there was any, and that it had a repre-
sentative here.
Now, sir, my colleague can vote for this bill,
when he can get it right. When did we ever get
a general appropriation bill right ? And yet we
are compelled to vote for them. I never voted for
a general appropriation bill that was not at least
$5,000,000 too much. But we must choose be-
tween two evils. We must either refuse these
