564
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 11f
says: " By openin? tJiis channel, and preserving !
a tree passage ot tlic wtiW through it s tne groM th
of the sand oar through which it is to pass may
be effectually checked, and a navigable commu-
nication kept open between the island and the
Kentucky shore, leading from the head of the
island directly into the mouth of the Cumberland."
We do not choose, Mr. Chairman, to be made
dependent on the will of an executive officer for a
decision so momentous in its consequences to
thousands of the citizens of Tennessee and Ken-
tucky. We know not what influences, rivalship,
prejudice, or misapprehension, might bring to
bear on a single individual who might be desig-
nated for the survey, and in an evil hour be
wrought upon to decide against our interests.
Gentlemen seem to think that this question is
one exclusively in reference to the improvement
of the navigation of the Ohio river.' Far from it,
sir. There are other and equally vital interests in-
volved, which, although they ought not to control
the first, and induce the House to provide for any
serious obstruction in the navigation of the Ohio,
still are entitled to great and overwhelming weight,
where the advantages of two different channels
are nearly balanced. The Cumberland river is
navigable for upwards of seven hundred miles;
she floats upon her bosom the entire commerce of
a great portion of the States of Kentucky and
Tennessee; her banks are lined with thriving and
prosperous towns, including amongst them the
capital of our State; and fifty or sixty steamboats
ply regularly on her waters. The Cumberland
river enters the Ohio immediately opposite Cum-
berland Island, on the southern side of which is
erected the dam whose merits we are now dis-
cussing. The natural channel of the Ohio is
unquestionably on the Illinois shore, on the further
aide of the island from the mouth of the Cumber-
land. It is well known to all those who are
familiar with the navigation of the western rivers,
that where the channel forms around one side of
an island, it always causes a sand bar at the head
Mid foot of the island on the other side. The
eddy water at the head, where the current leaves
that shore to make the circuit of the island,
causes a deposition of sand there, and when the
water passes its foot, sweeping 011 to a point on
the bank it first left, there is usually a still greater
deposit of sand at that place, and thus burs are
formed on the shallow side of the river, both
above and below the island.
Now, Mr. Chairman, the committee will com-
prehend the vast interest of the people residing on
the Cumberland in the decision of this question.
If the dam is removed, a bar will inevitably be
formed at its mouth, which, in low water, will ;
prevent our commerce fram either ascending or r
descending the Ohio. During high tides in our |
river we will sweep out a channel below, but even
then we might have to make the circuit of the
island in order to go to Louisville or Cincinnati.
Should the dam be repaired, it will throw the cur-
rent of the Ohio on the Kentucky shore, and give
onr boats a free entrance and departure into and
out of the mouth of the Cumberland. There is ,
another interest affecting a less number of persons,
but more vital in its character, which is to be se-
riously affected by the decision of this question.
The people of Smithland exist and are sustained
almost entirely by the commerce of the Cumber-
land and Ohio; two thousand persons have, on the
govermental improvements at this place, located
themselves there and vested their all in the prop-
erty of the town; they fondly and very properly
trusted that as we had already constructed a dam
at this point, we would not abandon the system
without some imperious necessity, and capri-
ciously ruin those who had put their faith in our
consistency. I know it is often necessary for the
interest of a few individuals to be sacrificed to the
public good; some hearts must fall crushed and
bleeding beneath the juggernaut of State necessity;
but, sir, this is always a melancholy spectacle,
and ought never to be ruthlessly and heedlessly
done. If the welfare of the people of Smithland
alone was concerned in this matter, I would never
consent to their sacrifice, and would still vote and
speak for them in the face of all opposition.
It remains for me to show that so far from the
repair of the dam being injurious to the navigation
of the Ohio, it is really "beneficial. If authority
■ alone were decisive, it would be unnecessary for
us to do more than read the memorials on your
table. In addition to the report of the engineer
already referred to, we have the petitions of the
insurance companiA of New Orleans, Cincinnati,
Nashville, Memphis, and Clarksville, together
with one signed by ninety-seven steamboat cap-
tains, all asking for the repair of this dam. Sir,
these persons have little or no interest in this ques-
tion beyond the general benefit of navigation. Are
they all blinded and deceived ? Have they mis-
understood their own interests ? The supposition
is absurd, and we who are so far removed from
the scene of this improvement, and most of us
wholly uninformed as to the localities and necessi-
ties, might well- rely unhesitatingly on these repre- j
sentations. It must be obvious, however, to any
person acquainted with the history.of the flow of the
river since the erection of the dam, and th e nature
of the soil underneath, that the current of the stream
can as advantageously pass on the Kentucky as the
Illinois shore; the sand which has now collected at
the head and foot of Cumberland Island would be ;
rapidly swept away and deposited on the other
shore so soon as the channel was turned by raising ;
the dam. Indeed, Mr. Boyd, of Kentucky, has i
just received a letter stating that a small rise in !
the Cumberland had carried away the sand ac-
cumulated at the lower end of the island during |
the Pall, and made a good channel for the-present
at that point. This result would be permanent if
the current of both rivers could be made to unite
on the southern side of the island, so as to give
their joint weight in sweeping out the obstructions.
The quantity of water in the Ohio would be the .
same whether it passed one side or the other of
the island, and if it passes along the Kentucky
side, it would have the addition of the waters of i
the Cumberland. If this question of making a ;
dam to obstruct the natural channel of the Ohio ;
were res Integra, it might present some difficulty; )
but, sir, when we made the experiment, found it
to work well, incurred a heavy expense, and com-
menced a system, it would be idle now to turn
back, and we are urged by every consideration to
make this appropriation for the repair instead of
the removal of Cumberland dam.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Schenck, and it was rejected.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, moved to amend
the paragraph appropriating $80,000 to repair the
dam at the head of Cumberland Island, by stri-
king out "$80,000" and inserting " $85,000" in
lieu thereof. •
Mr. J. said, that from an examination of Licif-
tenant Colonel Long's plan and estimate for the j
repair of this dam,lie was thoroughly convinced 1
of the pressing necessity of this appropriation. |
Considering that there were some seven or eight 1
hundred miles of navigable water on the Cumber- 1
land river above Smithland, on which there were
constantly plying some thirty or forty steamboats i
freighted with property from Tennessee and Ken- j
tucky, he thought it was due to the people of those !
States that this small sum at least should be ex-
pended in making such repairs as would enable !
the boats, freighted with their property, to pass i
immediately down the river from Smithland. In :
addition to this, even if it were practicable to re- j
move the dam, there can be but little doubt that j
it would cost as much or more to remove the ob- j
structions as it will to repair the dam. He had j
witnessed with some degree of pleasure that there .
was a gradual but firm and reliable change of pub-
lic opinion going on throughout the whole of the
great valley of the Mississippi 011 the subject of
the improvement of our river navigation by the
General Government. The great necessity for
this improvement, and the impossibility of leaving
it to be accomplished by State enterprise, make it
the imperative duty of the General Government to
stretch forth its helping hand, and thus foster and
encourage the improvement of our great thorough-
fares of commerce—the Ohio and Mississippi riv-
ers. The constitutional power of the General
Government over the subject had long since been
established and acquiesced in, and it was now too
late for gentlemen to dispute a power which had
been exercised nearly ever since the adoption of
| .the Constitution. It was but the other day that
1 he had read an account in the papers of the steamer
John Adams having struck a snag in the Missis-
, sippi river and went down to the bottom of that
; stream in five minutes, taking with it upwards of
one hundred passengers who were unable to extri-
cate themselves from the waves. The survivors
of that disaster have sent a petition to Congress
urging immediate action on thiy subject. The ap-
anation asked for to improve the dam at Smith-
is a part of a great system which addresses
itself to tlie favorable consideration of all. The
amount appropriated in the bill reported from the
committee for the improvement of the Ohio and
Mississippi rivers below the falls at Louisville, is
comparatively small. There should be an appro-
priation of at least $500,000. Our property is just
as valuable, and our lives just as precioui as the
property and lives of those who reside on ihe sea-
board , where the greatest appropriations have ever
been made. Equal justice is all that we ask; equai
justice we will have, sooner or later.
Mr. BRISBIN (in opposition to the amend-
ment)said: Mr. Chairman, I hope this amendment
will not be adopted. I ain opposed to ail amend-
ments. I hope the beauhj of this bill will not be
marred. It is now perfect in all its parts, dimen-
sions, and proportions, and most admirably cal-
culated to accomplish its design. A more perfect
system of plunder cannot be conceived. It is true
that we seldom find perfection in any bill, as it
comes from the hands of a com l.ittee; but this is
an exception to all general rules. It was evidently
moulded liy a master workman. None other
could have removed so many snags, rock;:, dams,
and sand-liars. None other could have so calmed
the raging billows, and made every rivulet, creeks
and river, jn this great Union flow on so smooth-
ly and harmoniously, bearing upon their placid
bosoms with such unerring certainty the represen-
tatives of this nation to the same haven, at the
same time, and for the same purpose. And, sir,
the current of these streams is not only made
smooth by this bill, but strong—so strong, that all
resistance seems futile and unavailing. Such
being the case, I hope this craft maybe permitted
to float on uninterruptedly: let those on board
have a pleasant passage. But I would remind
them, that while they may bear down all obstacles
tee may present, they will have to steer str'aight,
or they may find their sails rent by a squall of"
the people's indignation. I find, sir, that in this
bill there^ire eighty-two distinct appropriations—
a number sufficient to insure its success if each ap-
propriation commands one vote, and of that there
can be no doubt, for it cannot be supposed that
an appropriation would have been put into this
bill unless it would command at least one vote.
Now, sir, strike from this bill some ten or fifteen
of the appropriations therein made, and there is
not another one contained in it, that, standing upon
its own merits, would command twenty votes
in this House. No attempt has been made by
the advocates of this bill to justify this universal
distribution of the public treasures, but the bill is
brought in here and attempted to be gagged down,
right or wrong. Its friends are exhorted to vote
down all amendments, no matter what their merits
or claims may be. Now, sir, votes enough have
been secured to pass it, and it must be swallowed
; as it is, no matter how bitter the draught. And
if it must pass, if the Treasury is thus to be
plundered, 1 hope it may pass as it is, with all
its enormities in full bloom upon its face. If the
1 people are to be robbed of their money by this
log-rolling system, whatever course others may
pursue, my skirts shall be clear.
Mr. JOHNSON asked leave to withdraw hi*
amendment.
Mr. CALDWELL, of Kentucky, objected.
The question was taken on the amendment, and
1 it was not agreed to.
| lyir. DUNHAM offered the following amend-
> ment:
1
1 " For a survey for a canal at the Falls of the Ohio upon
1 the Indiana side, $5,000. Said survey to be made under the
direction of an engineer to be appointed by the President of
1 the United States."
Mr. EWING raised the point of order, that
the committee were considering that part of the
bill which related to the Cumberland Dam, and
this amendment related to the falls of the Ohio. •
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out of
: order. '
Mr. BURT moved to strike out the following
appropriation from the bill:
" For the improvement of the Hog Island channel in the
harbor of Charleston, South Catolina, 185,000."
Mr. McLANE said that that was as important
an appropriation as any in the bill.
Mr. BURT called the gentleman to order.
