1661.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBlS.
507
on one aide there is Long Island Sound, and on
the other there is the river, navigable for sloops
for some fifty miles. The great object is to pro-
tect and favor the commerce and trade of certain
manufacturers in the neighborhood of Hart-
ford. I am in favor of the manufacturers in that
neighborhood, as I am in favor of manufacturers
everywhere else, and I wish tq give them every
chance of prosecuting their business successfully;
but it is my opinion that they have water enough
there to float all their craft, and I think there is
bo reason for giving then! a deeper channel.
Sir, if we are to act upon every proposition that
may be made here for the particular accommoda-
tion of every member, and of the constituents of
every member, we shall really give weight to the
objection made here with regard to the amount to
be appropriated by this bill. On the one hand we
•retold that this is an exceedingly partial, unfair,
and illiberal measure, and on the other we are told
that the amount is enormous and extravagant.
We cannot obviate both these objections. There
is not a member here, I presume, who does not
know that the appropriations for his neighbor-
hood are entirely inadequate and insufficient for
the successful prosecution of the work. But we
know that the whole subject has been submitted
to a competent commmittee, who have had better
opportunities of coming to a correct conclusion
than this House can possibly have, and I hope,
therefore, if we intend lo pass this bill, we shall
stick to it as it was reported by the committee.
The question was then taken on Mr. Waldo's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. BELL offered the following amendment:
" For removing the tar at the mouth of the Sandusky
linr, m the State of the Ohio, $10,000."
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. McLANE offered a substitute to the bill.
Mr. McDONALD wished* before the gentle-
man from Maryland offered his substitute, to of-
fer an amendment.
Mr. McLANE yielded the floor.
Mr. BUEL offered the following amendment: I
"To connect Lake Superior with the lower lake* by ]
rontinaous navigation around the Falli of St. Mary's river,
f5e,000."
Mr. B. said: I beg the indulgence of the com-
mittee for the purpose of making a few remarks in
explanation of the merits of this amendment.
That region of the country which I in part repre-
sent, is deeply interested in its adoption. There
are but few measures, if any, now pending before
Congress, to our action upon which the people of
the Lake valley are looking with more interest,
and I may say with more anxiety, than that which
proposes a connection of Lake Superior with all
the lower lakes, by means of a ship canal around
the Falls of St. Mary.
I am aware, Mr. Chairman, that J bring for-
ward this amendment under unfavorable circum- !
stance*. The friends of this bill seem to consider
that its safety requires a strict adhesion to its terms
just as it was reported by the Committee on Com-
merce. Hence they seem to fear amendments
rather than deny their justice. Besides, a bill has
already passed the Senate appropriating five hun-
dred thousand acres of'land for the construction
of this canal. But this fact, sir, in view of the
present position of that bill, gives my amendment
superior and extraordinary claims upon the atten-
tion of the committee. That bill passed the Sen-
ate towards the close of the last session. It was
referred in this House to the Committee on Public
Lands, and nearly from the commencement of this ]
session that committee has stood ready to report i
it and recommend its passage. But, sir, it is well .
known here, and I desire my constituents and the i
country to understand, that neither that nor any |
other committee of this House, with but three or j
four exceptions, has had any opportunity to re-
port at this session of Congress; and it is now
quite certain that the Land Committee cannot be
reached at this session, even if the call of commit-
tees be proceeded with. I have good reason for
believing that a large majority of the House is in
favor of the amendment standing as a separate
measure and on its own merits, but the circum-
stances to which I have alluded furnish a strong
motive for inducing the comYnittee to give success
to this measi#e while it now has an opportunity.
I desire briefly to present to the committee some
of the reasons which claim its earnest attention,
and call loudly for the completion of this proposed
canal.
First of all, let me say, this measure is not just-
ly subject to those prejudices which are frequently
entertained against those of a similar nature, as
i being local, State or sectional in their character.
It is not a local measure, for its benefits will ex-
i tend to many localities a thousand miles distant.
It is not a State measure, for its benefits will be
reaped by many States remote from each other
in the Confederacy. It is not a sectional measure,
for it will immediately open the largest of all the
lakes to the commerce of the entire lake valley,
and at the same time, in view of the free naviga-
tion of the St. Laurence, which we hope ere long
to secure, it will connect a great inland sea with
the coasting and even foreign trade of the country.
Construct this canal, and the vessel huilt upon the
shores of Lake Superior may yet find its way to
Liverpool, and those built upon the head naviga-
ble waters of the Missouri and Mississippi may,
alter circumnavigating nearly the whole country,
along the Gulf of Mexico, the Atlantic coast, and
the St. Lawrence, report themselves at Fond du
Lac.
Can it be justly called a State work when at
least eight Slates of this Union—Vermont, New
York, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Michigan, Wisconsin,
. Illinois and Indiana—are interested in the benefits
which it will secure ? All these States, containing
nearly one half of the entire population of this coun-
try, border upon the chain of lakes, and are there-
fore interested in promoting their commerce. But
is the magnitude of the great Upper Lake duly
appreciated? Connect its waters with those of
Lake Huron by means of this canal, and to our
present continuous lake coast of twenty-five hun-
dred miles you will add, sir, about six hundred.
A comparison of this with the other lakes may
enable us better to appreciate the great addition to
our continuous lake navigation, which this amend-
ment proposes to accomplish:
Champlain av. 105 long, 48 wide, has a surface of 840 ml'a.
Ontario " 180 « 40 « " 7,300 "
Erie " 340 " 38 " " 9,120 "
St. Clair ' « 18 " 12 « " 216 «
Huron " 270 " 70 « " 18,900 "
Michigan " 340 " 58 « " 19,720 "
55,996
But Lake Superior is four hundred and twenty
miles long and averages one hundred miles in width,
and, therefore, has a surface of ferty-two thousand
square miles. This is a few thousand less than
the aggregate surface of all the others, whilst it
exceeds by several thousand that of Champlain,
Ontario, Erie, St. Clair and Huron.
It appears that there are thirteen States, each of
which is of smaller dimensions than the lake
whose commerce this bill is designed to reach and
promote. It is larger than even the great State of
Ohio, and is nearly equal to Vermont, New Hamp-
shire, Massachusetts, Connecticut, Rhode Island,
New Jersey, Delaware, and Maryland combined.
But the nationality of the work in question has
been also claimed in a military and naval point of
view. The Committee on Roads and Canals Khd
it under consideration in 1844, reported strongly
in its favor, and even recommended its construc-
tion by the General Government. Say this com-
mittee: |
" The indispenaabie importance of the proposed canal, in
a military and naval point of view, seems so evident to the
committee that they cannot deem it wise in Congress any
longer to delay its construction." " That the country lying |
south of Lake Superior is destined to a course of rapid set-
tlement, there can no longer be a doubt Its northern shores
swarm with numerous hordes of savages in the interest of,
because subsidized by, the British Government."
The committee, supposing a war with England,
farther say:
" In such an event the shores of Lake Superior, without i
this improvement, will be what those of Erie, Huron, and
Michigan were—the scene of foreign conquest, of merciless ,
Indian massacres, perhaps of national dishonor and shame.
Without a naval force oa Lake Superior, the defence of
that country would be impracticable. The building and ;
equipping of a separate fleet for that purpose would there- J
fore become unavoidable, and at a cost far beyond what
would be required to open this proposed communication." 1
To this opinion I may well add the views of |
the present assistant agent of the mineral lands, !
Hon. 8. V. R. Trowbridge, who is well acquainted
with the wants and situation of the country. In
his report of September 35th, 1650, to the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, he says:
"Ths great argument Mr the eoutraettoaof tkiscuai
| is of a national character. A great portion of the vast
country north and northwest is held by the British Govern-
ment and her Indian allies. It is well known that the In-
diansarc all disaffected towardsthe United States. A canal
here would enable the Government to concentrate a military
force on Lake Superior at any time, and hold possession of
the great inland sea. The work seeina indispensable for
the protection and safety of the western couutry.
'■It will not only advance the settlement of the country,
but protect the settlers and miners in their isolated condi-
tion."
Such were the opinions of the Committee on
Roads and Canals in 1844, and of the present
mineral land agent, in reference to the nationality
of this work; and I am happy in being able further
to sustain its claims upon the attention of Con-
gress, by the views of the President. This meas-
ure has attracted the attention of the Government;
and the President, exercising a just discrimination
between those improvements which are purely
local in their character and those which may be
considered national, has placed this proposed
canal, in respect to its merits, on the same footing
as the Delaware breakwater. It is no more a State ,
measure than that. As that may benefit the whole
coastwise navigation of the Atlantic States, so this-
may benefit the navigation of all the lake States.
In the language of the message, " it is a mistake,
' to regard expenditures judiciously made for these
' objects, as expenditures for local purposes. The
'position, or site of this work, is necessarily local;
' but its utility is general. A ship-canal around
' the Falls of St. Mary's of less than a mile in
1 length,though local inits construction,would yet
•be national in its purpose and its benefits, as it
■ would remove the only obstruction to a navigation
' of more than a thousand miles, affecting several
' States, as well as our commercial relations with
' Canada."
Besides, no one can justly appreciate the notion*
ality of this measure without an eye to the exist-
ing and future commerce of the lakes. That com-
merce springs from the various States situate upon
the lakes. Although it may be said to be sec-
tional in ita origin, it will yet be national in its
blessings, and hs fruits be enjoyed and diffused
throughout the great commercial marts of other
countries as well as our own. It has already
reached an extent astonishing to those who are
not familiar with its details; and even those who
are most actively engaged in it can hardly keep
pace in their estimates with actual results. As
early as 1846, its net amount was $61,914,910 for
that year, and in 1848 it had increased to #90,500,
276. These estimates can doubtless be relied on
as substantially correct, since they are based on
detailed reports from the yarious collection ports
and districts of the lake country.
We are thus able to form some idea of the pres-
ent commerce of the lakes. But to measure their
future commerce is not so easy-a task, when we
consider that present and actual results have sur-
passed all former calculations. Experience in this
field does not enable us to judge the future cor-
. rectly by the past, when we find that the develop-
| ment of the commercial resources of a new
country is in no direct ratio with an increase of
commercial facilities for intercommunication. If,
' however, we will estimate the future by the past,
and adopt seventeen per cent, as an approved rate
1 of annual increase of the lake commerce, its aggre-
gate net value in 1857 will be $170,545,257. If,
| from $62,000,000,in 1847, it is destined to increase
to at least $170,000,000 in 1857, at what sum shall
we estimate it at the end of another quarter or half
< of a century ?
Such is this vast commerce. This bill proposes
still further to stimulate and enlarge it, by connect-
ing it directly, by means of a continuous naviga-
tion, with the great natural resources of the upper
peninsula of Michigan and the contiguous lake.
That lake I have already shown to be nearly equal
in dimensions to all the other lakes combined. Let
1 us look for a momeht into those resources.
I will not call the Lake Superior region an agri-
cultural country; but I think, from reliable informa-
tion, experience is demonstrating that it is capable
of producing, in time, most of the agricultural
staples that may be needed for its own consump-
tion. Any deficit, however, in this respect, will be
easily supplied from the neighboring States.
The white-fisheries of this region are well wor-
thy of notice. Although, perhaps, not yet fully
explored and tested, yet for many years they have
been prosecuted with great advantage and profit,
and sufficient is known of them, it is believed, to
