W6h
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
The question being taken on the amendment to
the amendment, it was not agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Buel's amend-
ment.
Mr. Mc-DONALD offered-the following amend-
ment to the amendment:
'• For the improvement of the Wabash river, $30,000."
Mr. WENTWORTH raised the point of order,
that the amendment of the gentleman from Michi-
gan [Mr. Buej/J was not in order, as a bill for the
same purpose had passed the S«nate and was now
in the hands of one of the committees of the
House.
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of order.
The bill to which the gentleman referred was not
identical with the provision of this amendment;
the bill, as the Chair was informed, made an appro-
priation of land.
Mr. McDONALD said that before the vote was
taken on his amendment he wished to make a re-
mark or two.
He had understood his colleague (Mr. Mc-
Gai'ghey] to say 
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, raised the
point of order, that this amendment had been
rejected by the committee three or four times
already.
Mr. McDONALD said the gentleman was mis-
taken; the amendment offered before proposed to
appropriate $50,000, this only $30,000.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, raised the
point of order, that the amendment of the gentle-^
man from Indiana [Mr. McDonald] was not in
order as an amendment to the amendment of the
gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Bctel,] as it was
not germane to that amendment.
Tne CHAIRMAN overruled the point of or-
der.
Mr. McDONALD said: I understood my col-
league [Mr. McGtaughet] to say that I was not
in favor of this bill, and that I should vote against
it even if my amendment was adopted. Now,
I will inform my colleague that on that point he
is mistaken. I do not suppose that he would in
tentionally misrepresent me or my position, but
when he undertakes to say for me that I will not
support the bill even if my amendment -was ;
adopted by the committee, I assure him that he 1
is totally mistaken.
Mr. McGAUGHEY, (interrupting.) I inter-
rupt my colleague to say that at the time I made
that declaration, he hitd not then moved to strike
out the appropriation for the harbor of St. Louis,
and he had torn me that he would not vote for this
bill even if the Wabash appropriation was put
into it, unless the appropriations for the harbors
at Dubuque and St. Louis were stricken out.
Mr. McDONALD. My colleague is mistaken
in point of time. He made that remark in reply
to my colleague, [Mr. Robinson*,] and he did not
offer his amendment until I had submitted mine.
But with regard to my amendment I do not sup-
pose that it will be adopted however meritorious
it may be. I 'can hardly expect, when one so
deeply interested in the success of this measure
as my colleague has expressed himself as gratified '
at the result of an amendment somewhat similar .
to it in character. He admits that this amend-
ment is a proper one, and he is in favor of it.
Sir, I never understood that there was any exclu-
sive time to do right, except the present time. There
would be no reason that would prevent my voting
on this measure and supporting it, if I thought
that it was right. There are at least thirty ap-
propriations in the bill that are not meritorious,
do not affect a large region of country, that are
not national in their character: at least not as much
so as would be an appropriation for the Wabash
river. These appropriations have been grouped
together, and I suppose are to be passed together.
At any rate I will offer my amendment.
Mr. McGAUGHEY rose amidst loud cries of
"(Question!" He said, the committee wifl bear
me witness that I did not engage in this contro-
versy until I was drawn into it. I do not wish to
waste thetime of the committee, but it i3 necessary
that I should say a few words in reply te this last,
and I hope only attack to be made on me by my
colleagues who are opposed to this bill, let it be
amended ao it may.
Mr. McDONALD. I will not be misrepresent-
ed. I am not opposed to the bill; let it be properly
amended, and I am ready to vote for it; but I will j
not vote for unconstitutional appropriations. i
Mr. McGAUGHEY. I will answer my col-
league, who is now so fierce in support of the
Wabash appropriation, which he charges me with
having deserted, and who has become so for the
• purpose of using the popularity of that appropri-
ation to shield himself and friends in Indiana from
the odium of opposing this bill. That is their
only object. How have they supported western
interests? Why, sir, when this Wabash appro-
priation was first presented, it got a very respect-
able vote, though nothing like enough to carry it;
and now they have been advocating the Wabash
until they have killed it, and cannot get twenty
votes for it. Another Democratic speech in its
favor from a member opposed to this bill, and it
will not get ten votes. And if my colleague, [Mr.
Brown,] who made a speech here a while ago, at-
tributing his election to Congress to his opposition
to this system, when really it was attributable to a
vote of his competitor for an appropriation for
Morse's telegraph, will get up ana propose an ap-
propriation of $50,000 for,the Wabash, it will get
two votes. The people of Indiana will be duly
grateful when they understand what sort of ad-
vocacy the Wabash has met with here, and I will
take especial pains to make the facts known to
them.
Mr. BROWN. Let my colleague offer the
amendment himself, and see how many votes it
will get.
Mr. McGAUGHEY. "When I offer it itwill
get a large vote of the Whig party. Come out
and put yourself upon open ground, and then I"
will show you a Whig vote in favor of that amend-
ment. Come out and put yourself where you re-
ally are—in opposition to all such improvements—
ana then 
Mr. McDONALD. If I withdraw my amend-
ment will my colleague renew it ? I am anjstous
to obtain justice for the region of the country he
and I jointly represent; and if he can carry it 1
am willing he should take the lead, and I will fol-
low in good faith.
Mr. McGAUGHEY said: For the purpose of
showing the gentleman exactly in what position
his known opposition to this measure has placed
him, I will oner the amendment myself.
Mr. McDONALD withdrew his amendment;
and—
Mr. McGAUGHEY moved that, " for the im-
provement of the Wabash river, $40,000."
i Mr. McDONALD called'for tellers on the ques-
■ tion of the amendment.
! The CHAIRMAN stated that the gentleman's
' amendment was not in order. The amendment of
the gentlemafi from Indiana [Mr. McDonald]
must first be disposed of.
Mr. McGAUGHEY said that his colleague had
withdrawn his amendment.
The CHAIRMAN stated that it could only be
done by unanimous consent.
Several Members objected.
The question was then taken on Mr. McDon-
ald's amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. McGAUGHEY renewed his amendment,
and called for tellers on talcing the question, and
they were ordered.
Mr. BAYLY rose to speak in opposition to the
amendment. He said: I desire to call the atten-
tion of the committee and the country to the exhi-
bition that has just been made. It shows the
character of this appropriation bill for internal im-
provements. The gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
McGauchf.y] has disclosed to us the way in which
such appropriations are made.
Mr. McGAUGHEY, (interposing.) I desire
to ask of the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, whether he is in favor of the Wabash
appropriation? And I may tell the gentleman
that if there is a new Richmond in the field, 1 shall
take the first opportunity to join issue with him.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BAYLY. I happen to be in the line of
sound with the gentleman from Indiana, and al-
low me to tell that gentleman that that remark is
not his own, but that it is the suggestion of the
gentleman from Kentucky. • I beg the gentleman,
therefore, to say that his smartness is Borrowed.
The gentleman from Indiana trades in borrowed
capital,and therefore, according to Jackson, ought
to break. [Laughter.]
Now, Mr. Chairman, what is this exhibition
that we have had before this American Congrats!
Here the gentleman from Indiana, a leading
man of his party, comes forward and .sjjs that
certain men may come forward here, ana move
! to insert appropriations for objects right enough
in themselves, quite proper, quite meritorious,
and yet they will be votea down. Why? Be-
cause these men will not enter into the general
scramble. The gentleman then tells us that he
will propose the same propositions and they will
be carried. What a comment is not this upon
the character of this bill? I hope, for the Bake
of decency, that the committee will not, in this
way, commit itself to such action.
Tellers were ordered on the amendment to the
amendment, and Messrs. Fowler, and Harris
of Tennessee, were appointed.
The question being taken, the tellers reported
; —ayes 41, noes 80.
j- So the amendment to the amendment was re-
1 jected.
I Mr. DUNHAM moved the following amend-
I ment to the amendment:
!' " Por a survey of the falls of the Ohio, for a canal, on the
j Indiana side of said river, $4,000."
II Mr. D. said: I do not propose to enter into the
:' controversy between my colleagues on the right
1 and on the left. I have only to say, that I trust
if my friend over the way [Mr. McGauohet]
ever undertakes to piny fit brag again, he will
have better success than he has naff torday. [A
laugh.] My object is to reply to one remark
which yrfus made by him, apd that ip, that all the
gentlemen from Indiana on this, side of the Hou&e
are opposed to all sorts of public improvements.
Sir, it jp not no. The gentleman made his state-
ment without any authority to justify him in
making it. I undertake to say that he does not
know the sentiments of one half of the Indpna
delegation upon this side in relation to this bill.
I know one member of that delegation whose
sentiments he knows nothing about, and I know
one who, he is not warranted in qayipg, is op-
posed to .all sorts of improvements.
Mr. PARKER rose to a point of order. He
fskfd if this was an.explanation of the amend-
ment?
Mr. DUNHAM. I hope the gentleman wiH
allow me to repudiate a charge of this sort 
[Loud cries of " Question!'']
Mr. D. Gentlemen will not have the question
until my five minutes have expired, so they need
not think to hurry me. The gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Marshall] says that there is no
necessity for this survey. In that, I think he is
mistaken. I do not think, so far as my State is
concerned, that we have ever had a fair a d im-
partial survey ef the Falls of the Ohio, with a
view to a canal on the Indiana side, made by the
'Government, for reasons which I will not now
dptjiil. I undertake to say that the people of my
State feel that we have never had a fair and im-
partial survey. These surveys have never been
made by Government officers. A competent per-
son, however, lately made a survey under the di-
rection of the company, Mr.-Ball, and according
to the gentleman from Kentucky, reported that a
canal could not be made on the Indiana side under
$2,000,000. The gentleman appears to know little
of the engineer to whom he has referred, and less
of the report that he has made. So far from his
assuming that the cost of a canal on the Indiana
side would be $2,000,000, he says that $500,000
would be amply sufficient. According to his own
showing, the canal on the Kentucky side cannot
be enlarged for thatsum, nor do 1 believe that it
can be enlarged for $2,000,000.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, obtained the
floor, and said: I wish simply to express my op-
position to this amendment, hoping, by that
means, to save a little time, and that we may get
a vote on the bill without further delay.
The question was then taken on the amendment
to the amendment, and it was rejected.
The question recurred on Mr. Bcel's amend-
ment. '
Mr. BUEL called for tellers, but they were not
ordered; and the question being taken, the amend-
ment was not agreed to.
Mr. CALDWELL, of Kentucky, offered the
following amendment, to come in at the ehd of the
bill:
" Provided, That no portion of the money appropriated by
this hill shall he expended until it shall te ascertained that
