mo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 17,
the current revenues of the Government shall be sufficient
to cover.aii the expenditures authorized by this and all other
acts of Congress lor the year ending Juue 30,1833."
Mr. C. said: My object in offering this amend-
ment is to endeavor to arrest this Government in
its present alarming tendency to the creation of a
large and permanent national debt. I desire to
call the attention of the committee and of the
country to a few facts collected from the report of
the Secretary of the Treasury.
The country should know, that with a debt
hanging aver us of sixty-four millions, and a most
unexampled commercial and financial prosperity,
exhibiting a revenue of nearly fifty millions annu-
ally, we are making no provision for the payment
of any part of that debt, but are actually proceed-
ing to increase and enlarge it. I propose to
prove by this report the startling fact that the cur-
rent expenses of the Government during the four
years of this Administration will be far greater
than the expenditures of Mr. Polk's administra-
tion, including all the cost of the Mexican war.
Gentlemen need not start. I shall exhibit facts
and figures for what I say, and challenge investi-
gation. On page 6 of the report of the Secretary
of the Treasury, reference is made to a table ac-
companying the report, (marked H,) showing the
expenses of the Government for a series of years.
This table exhibits only the current expenses, ex-
clusive of payments on account of trust funds,
and the principal and interest of the public debt,
expenses of collecting the revenue from customs
and public lands, and the expenses of the Post
Office Department; but includes the expenses of
carrying on the Mexican war.
Turn to this table on page 56 of the report, and
you will see that for the four years ending June
30, 1849, the four years of Mr. Polk's adminis-
tration, during which the war was commenced
and prosecuted to a glorious termination, the ag-
gregate expenditures, including the cost of the
war, were $163,249,836 19.
The same table shows that the expenses of the
next year, commencing the 1st of July, 1849, the
first fiscal year of the new Administration,
were • $32,804,500 66
For the next year, commencing
July 1, 1850, the estimates ana
appropriations are  46,068,859 08
Take this last sum as the amount
to be expended in each of the
two succeeding years, and we
have for those two years  92,137,718 16
Making, in the aggregate, for the
- four years of this Administra-
tion 171,011,077 90
An increase over the expenses of
the preceding four years, inclu-
ding the cost of the war, of..... 7,761,241 71
I am not only justified in assuming that the
expenditures of the two coming years of this Ad-
ministration will amount to the sum I have
assumed, but I might assert with entire safety,
that they will amount to much more. I might
also put down the expenses of the present year
much higher than the honorable Secretary has
done; for you will perceive that the Secretary
bases his calculation on estimates and appropria-
tions made at the date of his report, when the fact
is, that during this session, a bill has passed this
House making appropriations to supply deficien-
cies for this year, amounting to about two milHons,
and the Senate have already swelled it to three.
This sum ought to be added in the calculation to
the amount set down as the expenditures of this
year, commencing on the 1st of July, 1850. Then,
again, the Secretary tells us that further experi-
ence will result in compelling still greater expend-
itures. I might also add, that this House have
passed a bill which will saddle the Treasury with
a million and a half annually for the Post Office
Department; and the Senate have passed a bill
appropriating five millions for French spoliations,
which will probably pass this House. With all
these facts before us, no one will controvert the
fact that the excess of expenditures of this Ad-
ministration, over those of the last, including the
cost of the war, will far exceed the amount at
which I have placed it, and must result in greatly
increasing the public debt.
It is to this that I wish to call the attention of
the House and of the country; It is under this
state of things that we are now called on to pass
this bill, appropriating more than two millions of
dollars to commence a wild system of internal im-
provements by the General Government, to be
swelled annually to unnumbered millions; and if
once begun, to be arrested God only knows when
or how. In view of these alarming facts, I have
offered this amendment, with but little hope, I con-
fess, but with the view of attempting, at least, to
confine the expenditures within the means of the
Treasury. If we are determined to squander the
enormous revenues of the Government in riotous
expenditures, in the name of decency, let us con-
fine ourselves to the money on hand, and not add
to the amount of our present debt.
We have a revenue of nearly fifty millions annu-
ally, which, properly managed, is amply sufficient
to pay the current expenses of the Government,
and extinguish rapidly the public debt. For my-
self,-1 am determined that no effort of mine shall
be wanting to accomplish this high public duty.
We have heard much of economy, but have gone
steadily on, disregarding its obligations, till the
very word seems to have lost its significance. We
must pause—this profligacy must be arrested. The
corrupting influence of the prodigal expenditure of
public money is not less baleful on the public
morals now than in all former periods of history.
The rapid strides our Government is making to-
wards the practices of the most profligate Govern-
ments should strike every considerate patriot with
the deepest concern.
The acquiescence of the people thus far can only
.be accounted for by reference to the indirect mode
in which our enormous revenue is extracted from
the labor of the country by means of the tariff.
My word for it, if the same amount of money were
taken from the people directly by the tax gatherer,
a stricter accountability would be enforced, and
this profligacy would be arrested, even at the haz-
ard «f revolution.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, reminded the gen-
tleman from Kentucky that he had forgotten to
take into account the loss which the Treasury
would sustain in consequence of the large grant of
public lands for which the gentleman had voted at
the last session of Congress, .and he had forgotten
that the Secretary of the Treasury declared that
there would be no revenue from the public lands
for the next twenty years. The gentleman would
bear in mind that there was the same outcry
against amendments to that bill, and that the
friends of the bill were called to vote down all
amendments, and to submit to none.
[Cries of " Question !" " question !"]
Mr. BAYLY said: I have just one or two re-
marks to offer. [Confusion in the Hall.] I pro-
pose to add an amendment to that offered by the
gentleman from Kentucky, " to include a reserva-
tion to meet the payment of the principal of the
five per cent, loan of the 3d March, 1843."
I move this amendment, for the purpose of
bringing before the committee and the country the
distinct issue, whether we will take loans to carry
on these internal improvements or not. The
Whig party has heretofore always taken the
ground that they were unwilling to appropri-
ate anything more than the surplus in the Treas-
ury for these improvements. That has been the
ground they have heretofore taken. I desire to
take them at their word. My amendment pro-
vides for that contingency, in connection with the
amendment of my friend from Kentucky. This
amendment provides that the money shall not be
expended unless there is a surplus in the Treasury
for the year ending 30th June, 1852, and I have
moved to include the ten years loan of 1843. If
that amendment is adopted, we shall not be com-
pelled to borrow money to carry this measure into
effect. If the amendment is rejected, we shall
have to borrow money for that purpose. I pre-
sent that amendment with a distinct view to rais-
ing the question before the country, whether we
are to support a Government upon loans for ob-
jects of this sort.
Mr. HOUSTON next obtained the floor, and
said: I wish to say that I for one am prepared to
meet boldly the issue presented by the gentleman
from Virginia. I wish to state, however, that I
am not, and never have been, the advocate of what
can be properly termed, and what in the better
days of the Republic was universally known as a
system of internal improvements. Sir, that sys-
tem had its origin some twenty or twenty-five
years ago, and it contemplated a grand system of
improvements by roads and canals through the
interior of the country. But this system of river
and harbor improvements for the protection of the
commerce of the country on the waters of the
country, had its origin with the foundation of the
Government itself. Sir, it was coeval with the
Constitution under which we live. The very first
session of the first Congress of the United States,
there was a cession invited of all those public
works, those artificial harbors which had been
erected by the several States of the Union prior to
the adoption of the Federal Constitution; and in
that first session of the first Congress of the United
States, the faith of the Federal Government was
gledged, in express terms, to each and all of those
tates, that those works should henceforth and
forever be supported out of the Treasury of the
United States. Sir, that was not a system of in-
ternal improvements. Gentlemen are guilty of a
grand confusion, not only of ideas, but of public
measures, whenever they choose to denounce it,
or to designate it as such. Gentlemen ask whether
we are willing to risk a loan, to contract a public
debt for the purpose of carrying on these great
public works? Sir, I for one am ready to do it if
necessity requires. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Caldwell] has spoken of' the great
expenses of the Mexican war. Did not the friends
of this grand system sit in silence, or, if not in
silence, without murmuring and without com-
plaint, and see the whole of the time during which
we were engaged in the Mexican war pass by
without a dollar being appropriated for any of
these purposes? What supported the war? and
what now furnishes the revenues of the country?
Why, the very commerce which we design to
protect, to promote and to extend by this system
of appropriations. And when you protect that
commerce, and give it all that it requires, by that
very protection the Government will add two mil-
lions of dollars to its revenue. Sir, it is a system
that pays itself. The producers of our country
have forever been taxed for the support of the
Government, and they now imperatively demand,
and have a right to ask for every dollar which we
now propose to give in this bill, ay, if we must
issue Treasury scrip to-morrow to raise the
money.
[Loud cries of "Question!" "question!"]
Mr. McMULLEN said that it appeared to him
that the bill could not be disposed of to-night, and
he would therefore move that the committee rise.
Mr. RICHARDSON called for tellers, which
were ordered, and Messrs. Van Dyke and Savage
were appointed.
The question being taken, <he tellers reported—
ayes 47, noes 83.
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. CALDWELL, of Kentucky, stated that
he had accepted the amendment of the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] to his amendment.
Mr. HALL called for tellers on Mr. Cald-
well's amendment, as modified by the amend-
ment of Mr. Bayly.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Fowler and
Mason were appointed.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, raised the point
of order, that the amendment was clearly equiva-
lent to annulling the bill. These appropriations
were made for the year 1852, but if the amend-
ment was adopted not a dollar of it could be ex-
pended during the year prior to the conclusion of
the term for which the money was appropriated.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment in or-
der.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and the tellers reported—ayes 56, noes 83.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. ANDERSON offered the following amend-
ment:
" For the removal of obstructions in the Tennessee river,
- above the Muscle Shoals, $100,000; and (fbr the Hoiattn,
between Knoxville and Kings port, $50,000; and for the
French Broad, between Knoxville and Dandridge, ,$25,000."
Mr. A. said: Mr. Chairman, I regret that the
shortness of the time allowed me under the rule
will prevent me from showing to the committee
the great and grouting importance of the improve-
ment I propose, not only to my constituents, but
to the whole State of Tennessee, as well as several
other of the southern and southwestern States.
Instead of consuming the short time allowed me
by the rule in an attempt at a speech, I -will con-
fine myself to the statement of a few facts, which,
