1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLGB&
*73
offer; but I will wait until the " noise and confu-
sion'1 is ox er.
Mr. II. said K« would offer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the" 129tft line of
the substitute proposed by the honorable chair-
man of the Committee on Commerce:
" And that fan power and authority is hereby given to
Jntut W. Walker, of the town of Lewes, Delaware, to con-
•Wrt, at his own cost and expend, a Nontiiu dock in the
harbor of the said Delaware breakwater, and to move the
same at such points of the stone piles thereof as may be
convenient; and also to construct a small house on the
said stone pile, for the accommodation of the fixtures and
machinery of skid dock, subject to be removed from the
said harbor and the said stone pOe, whenever he shall be
notified and required by the Secretary of the Treasury of
the failed Sates lo remove the same, or either ef them."
Mr. H. said: The line to which I propose that
u an amendment, contains an appropriation for
the Delaware breakwater. I will state to the
romnu'.tee that I introduced a memorial at the
last session of Congress, in behalf of the gentle-
man mentioned it, (Mr. Walker,) asking author-
ity to construct in that harbor, a floating dork,
(to build it at his own cost,) for the repairs of
such vessels as were admitted there. Also to
autltorize that gentleman to construct a small
building on the atone pile, for the accommodation
of the machinery of the dock,.removable when-
ever so required by the Secretary of the Treasury.
I had it reterred to the Committee on Commerce,
bat nothinr was done with it; and several applica-
tions have been made this session, but no action
has been taken upon them. I cannot see any
particular objection to it, for it asks for no appro-
priation however small. Even if Mr. Walker .
could not construct the dc;k at his own expense,
no appropriation would be solicited. Inasmuch
as this is a public harbor, belonging to the Gov-
ernment of the United States, he cannot, without
the permission of Government, construct this
dock, however useful it may be to the people
and their interests'. I will state that Mr. Walker
is a most worthy and nepeetable, meritorious
and enterprising gentleman, of the town of Lewes;
and to my friends on the other side of the House
(would aav that, to exonerate me from political
partiality, he is not a Whig.
Mr. ROOT said that it was perfectly obvious
to any one who had examined this amendment,
that the object of it was to establish a grocery.
[Great laughter.] The object of this amendment
was twofold: first, to enable this individual to
have a floating-dock to take in vessels; and, sec-
ond, to enable him to have a grocery to take in
the sailors. [Laughter.] It was clearly a private
speculation, and one that ought not to be enter-
tained as an amendment to this bill. He hoped
the friends of temperance would go against this
amendment. [Laughter.]
The question was then taken on Mr. Hcustom's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
The question recurred on the substitute offered
bv Mr. McLave.
"Mr. CALDWELL, of Kentucky, offered the
same amendment to the substitute which he had
offered to the original hill, as follows:
At eat of substitute add:
"Provided, That no portion ofthe money appropriated by
this lull shall be expended until it shall be ascertained that
the current revenue of the Government shall be sufficient
to cover all the expenditures authorized bjr thin and all
other acts of Congress, for the fear ending Jane 30, 1853,
including a reservation to meet the payment of the principal
of the five per cent, loan of the 3d of March, 1843."
Mr. C. said: I offer that amendment in good'
faith, and I am glad that another opportunity is
offered to the House of adopting it as an amend-
ment to the bill. I desire very much that this
amendment should go to the House, that it should
go to the country, and that the country shall
know who it is in this Hall that desire* to create
an enlarged public debt for purposes of internal
improvement. Sir, if there is any objection to
the amendment at all, it can only arise from an
apprehension that the current revenues will not
be adequate to meet the appropriations to be made
by this Congress. The rejection of this amend-
ment looks directly to an increase of the public
debtof the country. And, sir, this substitute is -
even larger than tfie bill was. It embraces mote
than two millions to be added to the public debt,
to swell its amount, and ultimately settle on the
country a funded debt. I desire to have an op- '
portumtyof offering this amendment in the House,
that we may have the yeas andnays on the prop- i,
osition, and that they may go fojtn to the coun- |
try, s6 that the country may know who is for,
" and who is against, a public debt. I desire that
that issue may be made here to-night, and let us
go before the country on that issue, and let the
people determine whether or not wc are to have' a
public debt. This, sir, is but the entering wedge.
If this bill is passed, the next Congress which
shall assemble here will go into a general scram-
ble, as to wlio shall have the largest share of the
spoils.
Mr. GIDDINGS said that he desired to appeal
to gen 11 em eft to get as soon as possible to a vote
upon the bill. Every consideration of self-respect
demanded that the committee should do so.
Amendments were being offered that had been
frequently acted upon, and which were wholly
unnecessary. At last session, in two hours, Con-
gress had sanctioned the raising of two regiments
of men, and incurred a debt of $3,000,000. We
had paid (8,000,000 to Texas, declared war with
Mexico, and incurred a debt of $300,000,000. On
all these occasions, those who are now deferring
the passage of this bid sat silent; and when we
proposed to give #2,000,000 for the benefit of the
people they were up in arms against it—they were
thrown into convulsive eloquence. But he (Mr.
Cx.) had not intended, when he rose, to discuss, as
he Jiad done, but simply to appeal to gentlemen to
come to a speedy vote on the bill.
Mr. C ALU WELL demanded tellers on the
adoption of his amendment; and they were or-
dered.
And the question having been taken by tellers,
(Messrs. McMullen and Thcrman acting,) re-
sulted—ayes 36, noes 86.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CLEVELAND desired to renew the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Thompson,] for the purpose of linving the work
properly and economically done. He desired to
say a very few words in relation thereto.
(The two additional sections, [to be found in a
preceding column,] providing for the issue of pro-
posals for contracts for materials, or for executing
such works as are appropriated for by the bill,
having been read)—
Mr. C. wished to call the attention of the commit-
tee and of the country to the fact, that this bill was
being pressed through by a packed majority, who
were m the hands of the Committee on Commerce.
The day had .been spent in fruitless attempts to
amend the bill; and when it was thought that the
bill was ready for a vote, the chairman of the
committee had come forward and proposed a sub-
stitute, embracing in its appropriations an increase
of at least $200,000. The same majority that had
held the original' bill free from amendments, was
found ready to vote for the passage of the substi-
tute. If tnis were in the "green tree," what
might not be expected by the country in the
" ary r" He hoped that the question would go
fairly before the country, and that the country
would see who were ready to vote in this manner
for an appropriation of some $2,000,000. He (Mr.
C.) would tell gentlemen that $500,000,000 would
not pay the ultimate results of these appropria-
tions. All objects that had been appropriated for
would again demand appropriations; and year by
year the amount would swell, until, if not checked,
it might end in national bankruptcy. He wished
that this might be the work of the Whig party
alone; but the chairman of the committee who
reported the bill was a leading Democrat. He
hoped that gentlemen would vote to sustain the
principles they professed, altogether irrespective of
all sectional interests. He concluded by again
warning the committee of the probable result of
the commencement oT such a system of internal
improvements.
[Cries of''Question!'' "question!"]
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, opposed the
amendment, and would simply say that he consid-
ered the remarks of the gentleman from Connecti-
cut n.ot distinguished so much for their good breed-
ingas for their want of application to the subject.
The question was then taken on Mr. Cleve-
land's amendment, and it. was rejected.
Mr. BRISB1N offered the following amend-
ment: ,
"For the improvement of the north b/anch of the Susque-
hanna river, $50,000."
Mr. B. said: I was, as I before expressed my-
self, opposed to all amendments to this bill. I
hoped, if it must pass, it would pass as reported.
But, sir, since its beauty has already been marred
by the substitute offered by its friends, and by
some amendments that have been made, as thia
system for the distribution of the public moneys
seems to be expanding, I see no impropriety in
throwing in the claim of my constituent"! for a
share. m
A Voice. Will you vote for the bill if your
' amendment is adopted ?
Mr. BRISBIN, No, sir; if you would increase
it to $500,000 I would not vote for the bill. How-
ever important the adoption of this amendment
might be to my constituents, I -am not to be in-
duced, even by a motive so strong as that always
moved in my breast by a prospect of benefiting
my own constituents, to become a party in the
consummation of such an outrageous wrong upon
the people at large. I will not become a parlkcps
crimints to such an infamous system of log-roll-
ing. I merely throw in the claim; and if the
friends of this measure in perfecting this system
of Galphinism, see fit to vote in favor of it, I will
leave the responsibility of accepting or rejecting it
with my constituents. I suppose me adoption or
rejection of this amendment depends very little
upon its propriety or impropriety. ' But I may be
permitted to say, that there is not an appropriation
made in this bill that is more neeaed, or one
from Which greater benefits would result than the
one I propose. By it this noble river could be
made navigable for more than one hundred and
■ fifty miles, for all classes of boats, passing through
a country rich in its agricultural productions, rich
in minerals, peopled with' an intelligent, indus-
trious, and enterprising people. But, sir, not-
withstanding the benefits that would result from
this appropriation, we do not ask that the treasures
of the nation should be diverted from their proper
channel._ Wewantno special privileges, benefits,
or bounties.
Mr. MILLER, of Ohio, was opposed to the
amendment, as he was opposed to the whole bill.
There was a manifest determination on the part of
a majority, to override all the rules of construction,
to stifle all discussion upon the matter, and to pass
( this bill as rapidly as possible. He regarded the
i system as one of the most vital blows that had
1 been aimed at the Democratic party for the past
| twenty years. Such a system as this was passed
:] by the indirect manner in which the votes and in-
fluence of members were bought. Appropriations
for their particular localities had a strong force in
determining a man in favor of the general system.
What was the bill ? It was one founded on this
very plan. It contained appropriations for some
ninety-four different localities. Ninety-four mem-
bers were, by the original bill, to receive appro-
priations for their constituents, and doubtless ii
would receive the votes of the vast majority of this
number. Items were added as additional support
was required to systems of this kind. In this par-
ticular instance, the bill was pretty sure of a
1 speedy passage, and hence the determined and in-
variable veto of all amendments.
The question was then taken on Mr. Brisbin'*
amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, moved to amend
the substitute by striking out from the plragraph
providing for the Mississippi, Ohio, Arkansas,
Tennessee, and Illinois rivers, the two Just-named
rivers.
Mr. J. addressed the committee to the following
effect: Mr. Chairman, I belie've I have occupied
, as little of the time of the committee as almost any
fentleman here, and I now ask tlreir attention for
ut a very few moments, while I briefly assign
my reasons for the motion which I have just sub-
mitted. I assure the friends of the Tennessee and
Illinois rivers that I do not make this motion from
any hostility to those rivers. I am willing that
they should be provided for in a separate section,
but I feel that the chairman of the Committee on
Commerce, in inserting these two rivers in the
sanie clause of his substitute with the Mississippi,
Ohio, and Arkansas rivers, has done gross injus-
tice to the whole West and Southwest. And why?
In the original bill $240,000 were appropriated for
these three first-class rivers—the Ohio, Missis-
sippi, and Arkansas. Every gentleman felt that
1 that was a mere pittance in comparison with the
vast interests involved in these three great rivers
■ and that the appropriation was.wholly inadequate
for the purposes for which it was designed. Well
sir, the chairman of the Committee on Commerce
