574
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 17,
comes forward now with a substitute, in which hel
has included the Illinois and Tennessee rivers in j
the paragraph with the three, rivers I have named,
without increasing the amount of the appropriation.
Mr. PHELPS inquired if there was any esti- ,
mate from the War Department for the Illinois
and Tennessee rivers ?
Mr. JOHNSON replied that he dm not know.
Mr. PHELPS said that there was none.
Mr. JOHNSON, (resuming.) The consequence
of this provision in tlie substitute is, that the sum
of $240,000, wholly insufficient before, is to be di-
vided between two more rivers. I hope, therefore,
as no quorum had voted on a motion which was
i still pending.
i Mr. PHELPS said that no quorum being pres-
ent, he believed it was in order.
: The CHAIRMAN ruled the motion out of or-
\ der; and
The Clerk having called the roll,
The SPEAKER resumed the chair, and the
chairman of the committee reported the absentees;
and a quorum being present, the committee re-
sumed its session. •
Mr. VINTON moved that the compiittee rise.
        , He was satisfied, from the great number of absent-
that the committee will strike out the Illinois and i ees, that they could not pass this bill to-night.
Tennessee rivers from this section, and I will move ' Mr. DUER. If the gentleman makes a speech
to put those two rivers in a separate section, with in favor of rising, I shall wish to make one against
proper provision for the purpose of giving them | it. We can and will carry this bill through.
It
the necessary improvements. It is unnecessary
for me to dwell on the importance, in a commercial
point of view, of these three rivers, nor am I pre-
pared to do it at this time, as 1 have not examined ;
into the matter with sufficient minuteness. I re- j
peat that 1 am not opposed to a proper appropria- j
tion being made for the improvement of the Illi-
nois and Tennessee rivers, but I do object to their :
coming in and- sharing the pittance which it was i
proposed to give to the Ohio, Mississippi, and ;
Arkansas rivers.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, next obtained the floor. 1
He said: I little expected, Mr. Chairman, to par-
ticipate in this discussion, But when I see that
gentlemen upon this floor are not willing to mete ' resumed the chair, the chairman of the committee
out- justice to the particular section of country - reported progress.
would be miserable to yield to a faction. [Cries
of "Order! order."] ;
Mr. VINTON said: I was about to say when j
I was interrupted, that I was satisfied, anxious as j
I am, that we cannot dispose of the bill to-night.
It is therefore useless to exhaust ourselves now. |
I am the more desirous 
Mr. DUER. I must object to debate.
Mr. VINTON demanded tellers on the question
of rising. Tellers were ordered, and Messrs.
Richardson and McLean of Kentucky, appoint-
ed. And the question being taken, resulted—ayes
61, noes 59.
So the committee rose, and the Speaker having
which I represent, and to rivers in that section, in
the navigation of which six or seven States are
interested, I feel bound to raise my feeble voice.
When I see gentlemen objecting to the Tennessee
river being included in these appropriations,! say
that I feel bound to raise my voice here. Sir, I did
not expect to take part in this debate. I haul deter-
mined to allow the friends of this measure to perfect
it without interference from me; but to content my-
self with a single and simple vote on the passage of
the bill. But why is the gentleman from Arkansas adjourn.
"Mr. BXYLY asked the unanimous consent of
the House ta introduce a resolution, tliat.the hour
of meeting of the House hereafter be eleven
o'clock, a. m., until otherwise ordered.
Objection being made,
Mr. BAYLY moved to suspend the rules; pend-
ing which motion,
Mr. HALL moved that the House do now ad-
journ.
The question being taken, the House refused to
ao tenacious about dividing this appropriation of
$240,000 between the Illinois and the Tennessee, as
well as the Arkansas rivers? Is it because he
thinks that his own river and his own State have
not received enough at the hands of Government? j
The gentleman ought to be mindful that we have
been extremely liberal to Arkansas during the
present Congress; that we have given her four
million acres of swamp lands, besides other things
that I could enumerate, since the commencement
of this Congress. Then, sir, why should the gen-
tleman from Arkansas object to dividing these
appropriations in the manner proposed in the sub-
stitute of the gentleman from Maryland? [Mr. Mc-
Lane.] There have been several ineffectual efforts
made to attach amendments to the bill providing
for the Tennessee river. And now that the chair-
man of the Committee on Commence has become
Satisfied that it is right and proper to embrace it
in the bill, and to let it take a small share among
the western rivers, we find the gentleman from
Arkansas railing against it. I am willing to take
the pittance offered us to be divided amongst these
fivers; Ijfit I think that it is only fair and just that
the Tennessee river should have a small appropria-
tion.
Mr. WILLIAMS wished to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment.
ITie CHAIRMAN said that it was not in order,
as there was an amendment to the amendment now
pending.
Mr. WILLIAMS understood that the motion
of the gentleman from Arkansas, [Mr. Johnson,]
was to strike out theTennessee and Illinois rivers.
The C H AIRM AN remind ed the gen tleman from
Tennessee, that a substitute had been offered to
the original bill, and that the gentleman from Ar-
kansas had moved an amendmeut to that substi-
tute.
The question was then taken onMr. Johnson's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. SEDDON moved that the committee rise;
and demanded tellers on taking the question.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Shepperd
and Hibbard were appointed.
The question being taken, there was found to be
no quorum voting—ayes 8, noes 96.
Cries of "Call the roll!"
Mr. CALDWELL moved the committee rise.
The CHAIRMAN stated it was not in order*
The question recurred on the motion to suspend
the rules.
Mr. FOWLER called for the yeas and nays on
that motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
I And the quastion being taken, it was decided in
the affirmative, and the rules were suspended
Mr. BAYLY moved that the hour of meeting
j of the House be eleven o'clock a. m., until other-
l wise ordered. He moved the previous question.
Mr. DUER hoped that, before the gentleman
from Virginia moved the previous question, he
would allow him (Mr. D.) to offer an amendment
to substitute " ten o'clock " for " eleven o'clock."
Mr. VINTON hoped not.
Mr. BAYLY declined to withdraw his call for
the previous question.
The previous question received a second, and
j the main question was ordered, which mainques-
: tion was on agreeing to the resolution, which was
; adopted.
! Mr. JONES moved to reconsider the vote by
! which the resolution was adopted, and to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table; which latter
! motion was agreed to.
i On motion by Mr. BROWN, of Indiana, the
; House, at half-past ten p. m., adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Mondat, February 17, 1851.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. M. P. Fii.lmore, his
Private Secretary, transmittjpg a report from the
Secretary of State, in compliance with the resolu-
tion of the 28th ultimo, communicating further
correspondence in relation to the seizure of the
British ship Albion by the collector of Astoria, in
the collection district of Oregon; which was read,
and,
On motion by Mr. MILLER, ordered to lie on
the table and be printed.
The PRESIDENT of the Senate laid before the |
body a communication from the Department of
State, made agreeably to law, showing the dis-
bursements for tjie service of the same, including
foreign missions, to the 30th June, 1850; which
Was read and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the Department of
State, made agreeably to law, showing the num- il
ber of clerks and messengers employed therein,
and stating that the number of persons so em-
ployed could not be dispensed with without injury
to the public service; which was read and ordered
to be printed.
credentials of general cass.
Mr. FELCH presented the credentials of the
Honorable Lewis Cass, elected a Senator by the
Legislature of the State of Michigan for the term
of six years, commencing the 4th day of March
next; which were read.'
memorials and petitions.
Mr. MILLER. I have received and been re-
quested to present a memorial signed by the Gov-
ernor and members of the Legislature of New
Jersey, expressing their very decided approval of
the establishment of a line of steamers to the
western coast of Africa, agreeable to the proposi-
tion which was submitted by the Committee on
Naval Affairs last session of Congress. Among
other reasons assigned for the step, they assert
their belief that it would be the best, if'not the
only means for the suppression of the African
slave trade, by planting jon the coast of that be-
nighted country communities of civilized ajid
christian people, who, by their example and influ-
ence and civil institutions, would be brought in
immediate opposition to the odious traffic. Sec-
ondly, that it would be the means of developing
the vast resources of that country by exciting ag-
riculture, industry, and enterprise among the ab-
origines, and direct their attention to such pur-
suits as would tend to their own comfort and
happiness, and the increase of commerce, and, if
properly encouraged, will add to our own national
prosperity; and, thirdly, that the regular inter-
course afforded by a line of steamers would in-
duce thousands of free people of color to emigrate
from this country to Liberia. I move its reference
to the Committee on Commerce.
! The memorial was so referred.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, presented a
'• memorial, signed by Charles Loring, Rufus Choate,
and other members of the Boston bar, setting
; forth the great losses sustained by inventors and
assignees of inventors holding rights under the
, patent laws of the United States, from the intro-
' duction of products manufactured by machines of
j American invention in theBritish Provinces, which
! evil has become so glaring as to involve the whole
value of inventions secured by letters patent, and
that too in the very face of decisions both at law
and equity covering the validity of such inven-
tions. The depredators having been driven from
the United States, colonize in Canada, and from
that point send in their productions, thus defeat-
ing the purpose for which protection is given to
i inventors. They ask that some suitable remedy
may be proposed by which the evil can be reached,
and ask that the present bill before Congress "giv-
ing further remedies to patentees" may be passed;
which was referred to the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office.
Mr, DICKINSON presented a memorial nu-
merously signed by citizens of New York, asking
that a law may be immediately passed empower-
ing the courts to declare a patent illegal, and repeal
the same whenever proved to be so; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Also, a memorial from assistant marshals em-
ployed in taking the seventh census in Broome
county, in the State of New York, asking to be
Allowed additional compensation for the same;
which was referred to the Committee on the Ju«
diciary.
Mr. FELCH presented a petition from Joseph
W. Edward#, asking a pensioa.for service per-
formed in the New York militia during the laat
war with Great Britain; which Was inferred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, presented a memo-
rial very numerously signed by citizens of Phila-
delphia, asking such modification of the boanty-
land law as will secure one hundred and sixty-
acres to all those engaged in the war of 1812;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Also, from Charles Cooper & Co., asking to be
allowed interest for delay in payment of an amount
due them under contract with the Quartermaster's
department; which was referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
Also, two petitions from citizens of the State of
Maine asking that Congress will send the United
