57«
TttE CONORlESSlONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 17.
have, by this very course, increased the agitation
which it was their object to allay.
I may say this, sir, I am sure, because, al-
though "I have been distinguished on some occa-
sions by the epithet of agitator, I happen to be at
least one member of this oody—how many others
there  re I do not know—who ntver introduce
this agitating subject of slavery here, Who have
beeh content with the debates which were had
upon it, when it came legitimately before us in the
form of bills requiring debate; bills which, in the
process of legislation, became, or might become
laws. I am one who has never Spoken on the sub-
ject in this house since' the bills referred to became
laws, and of whom it cannot be said that I have
on Sny occasion, by speech, writing, or otherwise,
addressed the people on the subject since those
bills became laws. Sir, I claim then to be one of
those who have been conteht to leave these meas-
ures to the scrutiny of the people, and to abide
their judgment and the test of time and truth. I
have added no codicils, and have none to add, to
vary, enforce, or explain what I had occasion to
say during the debates on these questions. Hav-
ing thus no desire to interfere with the public in-
vestigation of these questions in any manner, but
content to leave them to the examination of the
people Without interference on my own part, I may
tfertainly be allowed to express my feelings on the
present question. And I do therefore express my
desire that the right of petition, whatever else we
may do, nl&y be respected and held sacred here;
and fbr that reason especially, as Well as for the
others already stated, I shall vote against the re-
consideration.
Mr. BERRIEN. I desire simply to say that,
. as 1 understand the bill introduced by the Senator '
from Indiana, it is a bill which proposes to declare
that the act of 1850 did not repeal the act of 1793.
That is a very distinct proposition from the one
contained in the memorial presented to the Senate.
That seeks a modification of the act of 1850, and
therefore throws open this subject to that agitation
which it is desirable on all hands should be avoid-,
ed. I trust that the motion of the Senator from
Missouri will prevail, and that the memorial will •
be laid on the table, as those of a similar character
have been.
Mr. BADGER. The distinction between the i
bill offered by the Senator from Indiana, as stated
by the Senator fr6m Georgia, (TVfr. Berrien,] and
the memorial under consideration, is clear and pal-
pable. That was a bill the object of which was
not to interfere with the provisions of the act of
the last session, nor with the provisions of the act
of 1793; but to declare—and very unnecessarily,
as I think—that the act of the last session to
amend the act of 1793 did not repeal the act of
1793. That is all. The bill proposes to touch
the provisions of neither of these acts, but to de-
clare the sense of Congress that the last act does
not repeal the first.. Still, Mr. President, I am
extremely sorry that the Senator from Indiana, in-
troduced that bill. I was verry sorry that the bill
was not instantly laid on the table; for although
the distinction between the two cases is plain and
obvious, I saw then, and stated/.o several of my
friends, that subsequently propositions on the sub-
ject of this description would be brought before
the Senate in consequence of the reception and
reference of that bill.
I will say one word about the humbug concern-
ing the right of petition. This we know, in con-
nection with the course taken by the two Houses
of Congress, has been seized upon and made a
subject of fruitful denunciation and discussion and
no small amount of mischiefthroughout the north-
ern portion of the United States, because a rule
was adopted in the House of Representatives that
the question of receiving, such petitions should be
laid upon the table; in other words, that the peti-
tion should not be received. We have now a
new edition, and an extension of the right of pe-
tition; for, if I understand the Senator who last
addressed the Senate, he considers that to lay the
question of receiving a petition on the table, and
to lay a petition on the table after it is received
here, are, in substance, one and the same thing;
each involving a particular denial ot the right of
petition. Then let us see what this leads to. Ac-
cording to the Senator, if we receive a petition or
memorial, although the whole Senate may be of
the opinion that nothing ought [to be done with
reference to the subject, we are obliged to refer it,
to a committee; for if we lay it on the table it is iTjj
refusal of the right of petition. We must refer it. j
I Well, then, from a precisely similar course of j
reasoning, if the committee do not report, the i
Senate must require them to report, because a ref- 1
eren<& is made solely for the purpose of obtaining :
a report; and if they do not report, and the Senate j
do not compel them to report, it is, by the same
process of reasoning, adenial of the right of petition.
Well, suppose the committee report a bill not
in conformity with the prayer of the petition, and
it is moved that that bill lie upon the table. Ac-
cording to the same reasoning upon this subject, f
' that is equal to a violation of the right of petition; '
for it will be said: What, will you receive a pe- j
titiou, and have it referred, ana a report made, j
and then treat the petitioners so contemptuously j
as not to consider it, but order it to lie on the ta-
ble?
Mr. President this is what we habitually do.
We receive memorials and petitions and we order
them to lie on the table, or we refer them or not
according to our sense of the necessity or propri-
ety of the reference. And when we receive a pe-
tition, to say that we are bound to do anything
more, out of regard to the rights of the petitioners,
is to say that when they think proper to petition or
memorialize Congress on any subject, Congress
is not only obliged to hear but to act upon it, and
for aught I can see, to do what is desired.
Mr. BERRIEN. And substitute their judg-
ment for our own.
Mr. BADGER. Yes, as the Senator from Geor-
gia_ suggests, it is to substitute the judgment of the
, petitioners for our own. Now, Mr. President-,
, i we are told that if we pursue this course we shall
promote agitation, and the Senator from New
1 York is exceedingly solicitous to prevent it, and
talks about the philosophy of government, or the
, philosophy of obligations. I think we have no
need to involve ourselves in any intricacies of phi- |
losophy., Here is a law passed at the last session,
and if the Senate are satisfied that the law ought
■ to be .suffered to stand until time and experience
have tested its wisdom, its merits or demerits, then
• the Senate, with a due regard to the interests of .
the country and their own duty, dare not prema- '
turely agitate a subject which they believe has
; been once closed; which would be otherwise un-
■! just and offensive to the public itself, and injuri- :
, ous to the public interests. The agitation of the ,
; subject in an unfriendly and hostile manner now,
; would be to reopen the agitation of the subject
' before there has been an opportunity for the pub--
lie to know whether the measure is wise and good
or not. It therefore seems to me that this ques-
l tion has nothing to do with the right of petition,
unless the right of petition be the right to compel
l this body to consider and act upon a subject irre-
; speetive of its own judgment of its propriety. I
| snail vote for the reconsideration of the motion by
| which this memorial was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary with the intention of voting
' to lay the memorial on the table, because I believe
its consideration will be injurious, and cannot be
beneficial. In the exercise of my own judgment
I feel that I have invaded the privileges or rights
of no portion of the citizens of the United States.
Mr. .BRADBURY. I regard the decision of this
question of no great practical importance, whether
the vote of reference be reconsidered or the -me-
morial be left with the committee to which it has
been referred. The Judiciary Committee has the
subject fully before it at the present time—as fully
• without this petition as it can be with it. A peti- <
tion of the same character as this was referred
some months ago, and the committee have agreed
, upon a report upon that petition. The bill intro-
duced by the honorable Senator from Indiana was
referred in like manner, and the comifiittee have
also agreed upon a report. •
Perhaps it may be well that I should take the >
occasion to add that the committe deem any legis-
lation upon the whole subject inexpedient. It can,
then,make no practical difference whether the per ,
tition is referred or not. The first petition which ;
was laid on the table was so disposed of, amongst ■
other reasons, for the purpose of stopping useless
debate. It was known that the morning business
was interrupted by unnecessary and prolonged
discussion on this subjeet, to the exclusion of all '
other business. I voted to make that disposition 1
, of such petitions, and shall do it again under like
circumstances. !
Now a different question is presented; apetition
has already been referred, and the motion is to re-
consider the vote of reference; if the petition had
i been suffered to remain with the committee there
would have been the end of it. If, however, the
motion to reconsider is pressed, we know not how
long the discussion may be continued, nor how
much of the time of the Senate may be taken up
in this unnecessary debate. I regret that the Sen-
ator from Missouri [Mr. Atchison] felt it to be
his duty to make the motion to reconsider, and
open the door to all this discussion—for thedispo-
' sition of the petition which had been made could
do no manner of injury. As I voted to lay peti-
tions on the table to prevent a waste of time, so
now, to put an end to this profitless discussion, I
move that the motion of the Senator from Mis-
souri be laid on the table.
Mr. BUTLER. Will the Senator withdraw
that motion for a moment ?
Mr. BRADBURY. Certainly, if the Senator
will renew it.
Mr. BUTLER. I wish to make an explanation,
as the Committee on the Judiciary has been pretty
freely alluded to, and I have no doubt in good
faith, by the Senator from Maine. When the sub-
ject came before the committee, I positively refused
to have anything to do with it one way or the
other. What has been done by the other members
of the committee I know not; but I wish to make
one explanation, that my course now and hereaf-
ter may be intelligible to the Senate. I did as
much, or endeavored to do as much, and in good
faith, as any Senator on this floor to arrest agita-
tion on this subject. During the greater part of
the last session, while others were casting impedi-
ments—for they were but impediments—in this
stream of agitation, I publicly declared to the Sen-
ate that, so far as I was concerned, I should not
from that time forth raise any opposition to any
petition of such a character which might be intro-
duced to this Senate; and I say now, in my clos-
ing remarks, that you might as well attempt to put
a maniac asleep by lullabies as to restrain agita-
tion on this subject.
Mr. HALE. I am exceedingly gratified by the
remarks of the Senator from South Carolina on
this subject, and I think there is a great deal of
truth in them. But I want to call the attention of
the Senate to this consideration in the disposition
of this question. I take it it will be conceded by
everybody that it is desirable to have the laws
which we pass, particularly our quiescent laws,"
uniform in their operation. I have not read all
the papers, and I am not posted up upon the pro-
ceedings in all the States; but I do know that this
law has operated differently in several States. I
think 1 know how it has operated in three of the
States, and a more diverse operation of a simple
law cannot well be conceived. This is the reason
why I think a little more legislation is needed.
For instance, in New Yorkaslave has been seized
and sent back to his master and sold. I suppose
that is carrying out the objects of the law, to the
full extent, in the minds of some. In Pennsylva-
nia a freeman has been kidnapped and sent into
slavery. That is the operation of the law in Penn-
sylvania; but it so happened that the man to whom
the freeman was sent had more humanity than the
law and |he officers of the law, and he sent him
back again to freedom. Come to Massachusetts,
and what is the operation there ? I learn by the
newspapers received this morning that a slave has
been arrested there under the law, and has been
taken by a mob out of the United States court
room and liberated. There is not much uniform-
ity then in the operation of this law in New York,
Pennsylvania, and Massachusetts; and I would
suggest to the Senate whether, in consideration of
the fact that there is not more uniformity in the
operation of the law, a little more legislation is not
desirable. It is possible we may wish to make the
law a little more stringent. There is a distinction
admitted between this petition and the bill of the
honorable Senator from Indiana; but I think the ■
honorable Senator from North Carolina exceed-
ingly unfortunate in his illustration, because he
says the bill of the honorable Senator from Indiana
was to declare what was the meaning of the law of
1850, whereas this petition is for, an alteration of
the law. 1 trust it is too kite in' the day for the
Senate of the United States to undertake to adju*
dicate as to what was the legal effect of the act
passed a year ago. I think the Supreme Court
