• THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $1 50 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1851.
New Series No. 37.
would be justified in sending an injunction against
our proceeding any further in such a wild-goose
chase as that; because if there is anything which
belongs properly to the judicial department of the
Government, it must be to consider the construc-
tion of a law passed a year ago. It belongs ex-
clusively to the judiciary. But 1 think the argu-
ment of the Senator from North Carolina operates
against the introduction of the bill of the Senator
from Indiana, and in favor of the petition; because
the petition is what we act upon, and the bill calls
for action upon a subject which belongs to the pre-
ro^tives of the judiciary. •
When we were discussing this subject a year
ago, one of the most astute and clear-headed
lawyers in the Senate, I mean my friend from
Kentucky, [Mr. Un'derwood,] undertook to lay
down a distinction between a petition which comes
from those among whom it is to operate, and one
coming from those among whom it is "not to on-
erate. If the law is to operate upon the people
who make the petition, or if it is to be executed
amongst them, then clearly they have a,right to
petition, and consequently we are bound to re-
ceive their petition. Well, this is exactly the
case. This petition comes from a part of the
country where the law is to go into operation, in
the frqp Suites. It is to operate upon the citizens
there. It imposes duties upon them, and puts
them under heavy responsibilities, and therefore
it comes within the case put by the Senator from
Kentucky, where there is a clear obligation to re-
ceive the petition. That being the case, I trust
we shall have the vote of the Senator from Ken-
tucky against the reconsideration of the vote
making the reference.
_ But much has been said by Senators on the
right and left about the right of petition. Let me
say that I do not attach much importance to the
right of petition to this body. The right of peti-
tion should be to the people; and it is to them that
I mean to make my appeal. I have tried it here
enough to know that this is not the place; and if
the people will listen to me I will tell them to
spend their breath among themselves.
Some gentlemen seem to eschew the epithet of
agitator. Sir, everything valuable in the institu-
tions we enjoy is the result of agitation, and it is
only error that skulks from it; truth does not fear
it. Instead of washing my hands of the. charge
of being an agitator, I glory in having done what
little I nave to merit the name in which O'Connell
rejoiced, and to merit the name given to all those
through whose exertions in times past, whenever
a political reformation has been wrought out, it
has -come. Aye, sir, where there is no agitation
there is stagnation, foetid corruption, and death.
But agitation is the great element of life; it was
through agitation that the American Revolution
sprung into being; it was agitation which gave
birth to the American Constitution; it is the life
and breath of everything valuable, and when it
ceases everything worth having In our existence
will die. Under the foetid exhalations that will
■pring up from that putrefaction which must en-
sue when the life-giving element of agitation is
withdrawn, all these will perish.
No, sir, I glory in the name of agitator; I wish
the country might be agitated vastly more than it
is. The great fault is that it is not agitated half
enough. There are many errors which require
agitation, and nobody but those who are hugging
delusion and errors—fatal errors—have anything
to fear from that life-giving element which will
impart its healing as dia the waters of the pool at
the Beautiful Grate of the Temple. Noboay that
stepped into that pool could be healed until the
angel had gone down and stirred and agitated the
waters.
Mr. BERRIEN. When the Senator from New
Hampshire advises his coadjutors to transfer these
speeches, calculated, if not intended, to produce
excitement among the people of this Union, from
the Senate Chamber to the stump, it would have
been gratifying if he had enforced his precept by
his example. But I rise for the purpose of calling
the attention of the Senate to the nature of the
37
memorial which has produced this discussion.
Unquestionably it was by an oversight that the
vote of the Senate to refer it to the Judiciary Com-
mittee was taken. Sir, what is it? We tire told
that the signers of this paper are respectable per-
sons. What evidence is there in the paper pre-
sented to the Senate that this memorial was ever
' signed by these individuals? Here are several
sheets of paper on which names are inscribed, and
on the top of these papers is pasted a memorial.
There is not the slightest evidence upon the face
of the paper that the memorial was ever subscribed
by the individuals whose names are attached to it.
And, sir, if they are of the respectable character
which is given to them by the Senator from Maine,
of which I will not permit myself to express, be-
cause I do not entertain a moment's doubt, the
inference is a plain one that such men of respect-
able character have never signed such a petition.
What is it? It states that you passed a law at
the last session of Congress which violates the
Constitution of the country, which is in conflict
with the duties which we owe to benevolence, to
humanity, and to God; a law with the requisitions
of which they are not willing to comply, and to
the penalties of which they are not disposed to
submit. It is this memorial, calling therefore for
a modification or repeal of the fugitive slave law,
which, by a vote of the Senate, is to be referred
to the Judiciary Committee. And now, I pray
you, what is the inquiry or what are the inquiries
which that committee is to make? We are to in-
quire if the Congress of the United States at the
last session have passed a law in violation of the
Constitution, have passed a law violating the du-
ties of benevolence and humanity, and the duty
which we owe to God; we are to inquire whether
these memorialists are bound by the requisitions
of that law to submit to its requirements, or bear
j the infliction of its penalties. I ask whether this
j I is such a memorial as ought to be referred by this
11 Senate to one of its committees? I think, apart
from all that has been said on this subject, the
character of this memorial is one that forbids such
a reference. I trust that the motion of the Senator
from Missouri will prevail; that the subject will
be reconsidered; and, since the memorial has been
received, we shall do, from respect to ourselves,
what that respect would have indicated if this sug-
gestion had been made anterior to its reference,
;! that we shall dispose of this memorial in the most
1 summary manner possible. Such a memorial, if
'! its substance had been known to the Senate, I
trust, would not have been received; and the mo-
tion to reconsider having been made, I trust it will
! prevail.
1 Mr. FOOTE. After all that has been said, I do
not deem it proper to occupy the attention of the
Senate very long; but as a portion of the remarks
of the Senator from New Hampshire have not
' been responded to, I deem it expedient to give
them a slight passing notice. The Honorable Sen-
ator proclaims, what it was not necessary for him
to have proclaimed—for all the world knows it—
that he is an " agitator." He says he glories in
the title of " an agitator," and his manner at the
time was so marked with exultation that no one
could doubt the sincerity of the declaration. There
' is one thing, however, about his adoption of the
agitating vocation that we did not know before,
though some, perchance, had suspected it: that
the honorable Senator from New Hampshire, in-
stead of imitating any of the great models of rhe-
torical splendor on this side of the Atlantic, had
singled out Mr. O'Connell as his model in the line
' of popular agitation. He tells us, in fact, this
morning, pretty plainly, that he is the disciple of
Mr. O'Connell, and that he is endeavoring to imi-
tate him; that he glories in having the title affixed
to him upon which Mr. O'Connell shed such ex-
' traordinary glory. I leave him to all the satisfac-
tion which he can possibly derive from imitating
1 such a model, and in such a style of imitation,
j too!
j The gentleman tells us he is " an agitator." It
j was not necessary, I say again, that he should have
I made this known to us. We knew him to be an
agitator before, by many and unmistakable to-
kens; but we had hoped, from his having de-
meaned himself during the present session of Con-
i gress wiui much greater quietude and gentleness
; than formerly, that he had to some extent come to
the conclusion that the bu.sinessof agitation was, for
him, rather ail unprofitable one, niid that it would
be decidedly better for a man of genius, like him-
self, and of no little intellectual promise, to pursue
a different vocation altogether. But it seems that
we were mistaken in this. It seems that he is reso-
lutely determined to agitate hereafter, as hereto-
fore; for he says that agitation is about the most
useful and glorious occupation that can possibly
be exercised, in connection with all those matters
which concern the dignity and welfare of man on
earth. I think, indead, that he has almost intima-
ted to us that the Saviour of the world was an
"agitator, although I am certainly of opinion that
there was a mildness and moderation, a godlike
dignity and majestic serenity about him, which as
little comported with the violence and declamatory
fierceness of the real agitator of this poor world
of ours as can well be conceived of. According
to my poor judgment, there was but little of the
true spirit of agitation in his noble sermon upon
, the Mount; but a placid dignity, a gentle and af-
fectionate persuasiveness, which one of your fierce
and murdering agitators would find it difficult
either to understand or to imitate. I beg the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire to read the Scriptures
1 a little more attentively, and to act upon the pure
j models of genuine benevolence and apostolic wis-
] dom, and I think that he will be no longer known
i as an agitator.
But it seems that the gentleman cannot restrain
that disposition to ajritate which is native to him.
Well, sir, we do well know that there is a class of
men, who have been more or less known in all
ages of the world, who seem to be so organ-
I ized by nature as to make it their " inevitable des-
| tiny" to seek rather to be propagators of discord
and stirrers up of strife than upholders of quiet
I and maintainers of order; v/ho are always seeking
to convulse and disturb the society with which
! they stand connected, instead of endeavoring to
propagate peace and to diffuse the calm and kindly
' sentiments of true brotherhood on earth; who, in
fact, are always most unhappy if they cannot in-
! volve everybody else in trouble and confusion.
These persons are felicitously described by the poet
who thus writes:
" But quiet to quick bosoms is a hell,
And there hath been thy bane; there is a fire
And moUon of the soul winch will not dwell
In its own narrow being, but aspire
Beyond the fitting medium of desire;
And, but once kindled, quenchless evermore,
Preys upon high adventure, nor can tire
Of aught but rest—a fever at the core,
Fatal to him who bears, to all who ever bore.
« TUis makes the madmen who have made men mad
By their contagion; Conquerors and Kings,
Founders of sects and systems, to whom add
Sophists, Bards, Statesmen, all unquiet things
Which stir too strongly the soul's secret springs
And are themselves the foots to those they fool;
Envied, yet how unenviable ! what stings
Are thine ! One breast laid oycn were a school
Which would unteach mankind the lust to shine or rule.
" Their breath is agitation, and their life
A storm whereon they ride, to sink at last,
And yet so nursed and bigoted to strife,
That should their days, surviving perils past,
Melt to calm twilight, they feel overcast
With sorrow and supineness, and so die;
Even as a flame unfed, which runs to waste
With Its own flickering, or a sword laid by
Which eats into itself, and rusts ingloriausly."
But I rose for a much graver purpose. The
honorable Senator from New Hampshire has
thought proper to speak of this particular law as
operating differently in different States of the
Union. I think there is but little foundation for
what the honorable Senator has said upon this
point. But, inasmuch as he has singled out a par-
ticular case, which has recently occurred in the
city of Boston, concerning which I happen to know
something,'I feel bound to make the explanation
which I am about to give, so that what fell from
