578
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 17,
the Senator's lips may not have that injurious and
mischievous effect which it would be otherwise cal-
cul.ited to produce.
The Senator has told us what has recently hap-
pened in the city of Boston, although 1 ha\e seen
a telegraphic communication, which was forwarded
to the Secretary of State, which harmonizes in all
8 ibstantial particulars with the statement found
in the .NewVork Herald this morning. All the
members of this body may not be aware 4iat what
the Senator has stated is actually true, and that an
armed mob of about two thousand black men have
actually broken into a room where there was an
alleged" fugitive slave in a state of confinement,
under the eare of ministerial officers of the court,
and have violently rescued him under circum-
stances of great aggravation, and removed him; so-
that, I presume, he has been by this time carried
off in triumph to the British aominions. It is a
most astounding circumstance, antl I regret that
the honorable Senator has referred to it; but,being
an agitator, I suppose he thought it his duty to do
it. 1 feel bouna to say, though I do not speak
specially by authority, that I deemed it important
to have recourse to the proper source for informa- ,
tion as to what was likely to be the action of this
Government upon the subject; and, without being
authorized, I say again, to speak for the Govern-
ment specially in regard to this matter, I feel
bound to give this formal assurance, that the Gov-
ernment will without any hesitation do its duty
and its whole duty, in upholding and enforcing the
Constitution and laws, and that this particular law
will be carried out as efficiently as any law upon
the statute book.
Mr. COOPER. As I shall be called upon to vote |
on the pending motion, I desire to malte an ex- i
planation in reference to the vote which I shall
give. I will state in the outset, "however, that I
am opposed to all agitation here or elsewhere on
the subject of the fugitive slave law. I do not
concur in the recommendation made by the Sena-
tor from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] to agitate,
to keep up the strife and bitterness which have
pervaded the country too long already. If my
recommendation would be of avail here, and could
be heard and responded to beyond these walls, it
would be that all agitation should cease; that har-
mony and good feeling between the different sec- j
tions of the Union should be cultivated; and that
everywhere obedience to the Constitution and j
laws should be inculcated and acted upon. I do (
not believe in the virtue of agitation and excite- ;
ment at any time. The Senator has told us that
every great good is achieved by agitation; and that
it was by agitation that impulse was given to the I
Revolution in the beginning. Sir, our fathers de- |
liberated, resolved, and acted; but they did not j
agitate in the manner recommended by the Sena- ,
tor from New Hampshire; they did not agitate for ;
the purpose of stiring up strife between the differ- j
ent colonies which were to be united afterwards
in the struggle for independence. There was
nothing of that. But what is it the Senator now
recommends to his people at home, and regrets
that he cannot effect here? "Why, sir, that they
should encourage sectional feelings, rekindle the
fire of strife, and keep alive the spirit of animosity
and discord here. I am opposed to all this; and I
am sure that those whom I have the honor in part
to represent are opposed to it. In the main, my
constituents believe that the act of the last session
for reclamation of fugitive slaves is constitutional;
that it.enjoins nothing but what the Constitution
enjoined in the beginning; and that it only points
out the mode by which the Constitution, in that
particular, is to be carried into effect. They are
disposed to stand by and sustain the law, and
carry it into effect as far as it is practicable. The
Senator has referred to a case which took place,
under this law, in 'the city of Philadelphia, in
which a freeman was adjudged to be a slave. Sir,
it is well that the facts of that case should be
known. It is well that it should be understood |
that it was through no fault of the law that this
wrong against the rights of a freeman was com-
mitted. It was through haste, mistake of its re-
quirements, or indiscretion on the part of the com-
missioner, that proof was refused which _was
competent under the law, and which, if received,
would have established the respondent's right to
freedom. There is no doubt whatever of this;
and the refusal to receive the proof which was
tendered was an inadvertence, an error on the .
part of the commissioner, and no fault of the law.
There was nothing in the law which required the
rejection of the proof, or the hnste with which
the alleged slave was delivered up to the agent of
the claimant. , .
One word in reference to the vote I shall give.
I shall vote against the motion to reconsider. I i
shall do so, because petitions which I presented,
of a kind similar to this, went to the Committee
on the Judiciary. I presented one praying for the
repeal of the fugitive slave law some weeks since, i
which, on my motion, was referred to that com-
mittee. I believed it was proper that it should go
to that committee; and I have not changed my .
opinion since. Whilst I am opposed, totally op-
posed, to the agitation of this question, believing
that it can produce nothing but mischief, I am
nevertheless against the reconsideration; and allow
me to say, that I believe if all petitions unon this
subject had been treated as other petitions are
treated, it would have taken away a ground of
agitation at the North. Refusing to refer these
petitions, and to treat them as other petitions are
treated, is made a ground of complaint; and even
those who do not sympathize in the object of the
petitioners at all, sometimes complain of the man-
ner in which these petitions are treated. I think
it would be the part of wisdom to receive and refer
all respectful petitions. Sir, I have no counsel to
give to the Senate on this subject, beyond what is
contained in these suggestions. I shall vote against
the reconsideration, because similar petitions pre-
sented by myself have gone to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and that I am opposed to any dis-
crimination that might appear invidious. For the
repeal of this law, I see no necessity. The con-
struction which has been given to its provisions,
in my own State, by the judicial officers of the
United States, is such that there ia no danger to
apprehend that these provisions will be abused,or
perverted to purposes of oppression. I am there-
fore opposed to its repeal, and opposed to agitating :
the question of repeal here and elsewhere. |
Mr. HAMLIN. I will detain the Senate but a '
single moment, and I regret that I deem it neces-
sary to occupy the attention of the Senate at all.
I should not do so but for the manner in which the
Senator from Georgia [Mr. Berrien] assailed this
memorial. It is true that the memorial is com-
posed of detached sheets of paper attached together j
by wafers. The original memorial, it is also true, |
was printed. I believe it is the usual course of
Senators here to present printed memorials almost
every day, and neither the Chair nor any Senator
takes any exception to them because they are
printed. They are presented on various subjects.
The PRESIDENT. If the Senator alludes to
the Chair, the Chair will say that he could not
possibly take exceptions to them until his att.en- j
tion was called to them. But the Chair" is under
[ the necessity of rejecting printed memorials when
his attention is called to the matter.
Mr. HAMLIN. From the noise in the Senate, I
I did not hear the suggestions of the President. I
nave now to state the reasons which enable me to |
sustain the character of the men who have signed
.that memorial, and who forwarded it tome. I
hold in my hand a communication from William
Milliken, well known to myself and to my col-
league as one of the most worthy citizens of the
State of Maine, a ipan for whose honor and in-
tegrity I stand ready to vouch. He is at th's time
a member of the State Senate; is now, has always
been, and I have no doubt always will be, a Dem-
ocrat. He forwarded the memorial to me, and, in
his communication, he states that the memorial
was signed by the persons whose names are at-
! tached to it. Upon that authority I present it,
and upon that authority I stand, and am willing to
be held responsible to the fullest extent.
The reasons which the memorialists give are
their own, and not mine. One may be in favor of
I the repeal or modification of that law for reasons
quite different from those contained in the memo-
1 rial. Their reasons and opinions are their own.
j I may agree or disagree with them in their opin-
: ions, but still, in either case, it is my duty to pre-
sent their memorial. They express the opinions
which I have no doubt they honestly entertain.
| Without regard to their views, it is the conclusion
to which they come—a repeal or modification of
the law that the Senate is to act upon.
Inasmuch as there is now a bill virtually in-
creasing the penalties of the Ipw, ^vhich has al-
ready been referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, this also, being of a counter character,
should go to the same committee. To say nothing
of right, that is but equal justice. I said that the
Senate by a vote had determined that memorials
for the repeal of that act should not be sent to the
Committee on the Judiciary. Though that decis-
ion was against my own judgment, yet, in accord-
ance with the decision of the Senate, I had uni-
formly moved to lay them on the table. But in
this case I can see no reason why a memorial for a
modification of the penalties of'that law, to miti-
gate them, should not receive at least as favorable
consideration as a bill whi. h seeks to impose ad-
ditional penalties. For these reasons, as well as
because right in itself, I asked its reference to the
committee, and it went quietly to them. Who,
then, is answerable for this debate? Let the Sen-
ate and the country judge.
Mr.'PEARCE. Mr. President, the Senator
from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] using very
free language, has spoken of a case which recently
occurred in Philadelphia as a case of kidnapping.
That word has a distinct and well-known signifi-
cation—not'a mere legal meaning, but a sense in
which it is universally applied m ordinary use.
Neither in that nor any other sense in which it is
ever understood, can it be properly applied to the
case in Philadelphia to which he has alluded. I
know the parties, sir, and the commissioner by
whom that case was decided. He is a man of
honor and a lawyer of ability, and as little likely
to be guilty of anything to justify the application
to him of the word kidnapping as the Senator from
New Hampshire himself. Sir, it was a <Ase of
ordinary occurrence. Regular process w$s issued
for the recovery of a fugitive slave; testimony was
taken pro and con, and the commissioner decided
according to his own judgment, and with perfect
integrity of purpose, I am very sure. There was,
I admit, unfortunately a mistake of identity; noth-
ing more; just such a mistake of identity as has
occurred a thousand times in judicial proceedings,
civil and criminal. And I take it that no gentle-
man has a right to apply to a mistake of identity,
unless he is prepared to make a charge of fraud,
the term kidnapping. There has been no case of
kidnapping, and the gentleman to whom I suppose
that term would apply—the commissioner who
made the decision—is one of the last men in the
community to which he belongs to whom it could
with propriety be applied. I know the parties,
and I may say this: that the promptitude with
which the mistake was corrected by one of my
constituents and neighbors is a very good proof
how false have been the charges that this law
would be deliberately converted into an instrument
of fraud and oppression. The mistake was cor-
rected as promptly as was possible. That ia
enough for southern character.
But the Senator from New Hampshire tells us
that he delights in agitation, and he has ma<ie a
discovery in philosophy that agitation is an " ele-
ment." What sort of an-" element" I have not
chemical knowledge enough to ascertain.
The Senator compares the agitations of what he
calls foul and fetid corruptions to the heavenly
and benign action told of in Scripture; that gentle
stirring of the waters occasioned by the angelic
presence which invited suffering humanity to re-
ceive its benign influences! This he likened to
that agitation which, stirred by a mistaken, a
feigned philanthropy, has wrought so much evil,
and has threatened so much more to the destruc-
tiort of national harmony, and everything good
and valuable among us. He delights in agita-
tion, he says. I abhor it. That gentle stirring
of the waters can scarcely be compared, without
irreverence to the mischievous agitation which he
seems to cherish. Sir, I abhor agitation, because
the first agitator ever heard of in the world was
the very last being of whom a man should speak
with anything but abhorrence. The devil was
the first agitator. He it was who, in the guise of
a serpent, crept into Eden. He found thepnmal
pair living in peace, innocence, and obedience.
The woman's heart he corrupted, and so
" Brought death into the world, and all our wo."
He was the first agitator. Who will be the last,
it is not for me to tell; but the Senate can well
imagine how easy it would be to describe some of
his followers, who are prominent agitators at the
present day in the strict line of diabolical succes-
