1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
579
Mr. RHETT. Mr. President, I understood
the Senator from Pennsylvania to assert that the
State of Pe insylvania was perfectly satisfied with
the late fugitive law, and that his constituents are
opposed to all agitation, and are perfectly prepared
to enforce that law. 1 rise now merely to inquire
of that Senator, whether his State has repealed
those laws which were passed some years ago, by
which the operation of the act of 1793 was embar-
rassed, or whether those laws still continue on the
statute book of the State of Pennsylvania?
Mr. COOPER. 1 can reply without hesitation
to the question propounded by the honorable Sen-
ator from South Carolina. Bills have been intro-
duced into both houses of the Legislature of Penn-
sylvania to repeal the act to which the Senator
refers, known as the act of 1847, and I presume
that those laws will be repealed. But I did not
say that all my constituents were opposed to the
repeal of the fugitive slave law which was passed
at the last session of Congress. I said that I be-
lieved a very large majority of my constituents
were opposed to all further agitation on the ques-
tion of slavery; that they were satisfied with the
measures adopted for the restoration «f harmony
and the preservation of peace. I have no doubt
that this is so. I have had many opportunities of
conversing with gentlemen froin all parts of the
State, and they all united in saying that there is a
sentiment generally prevalent, favorable to stand-
ing by the measures adopted at the last session of
Congress, and believe them founded upon justice,
. and that they ought at least to be satisfactory to
a'l portions of the country. If I chose to do so, 1
might enter into some of our domestic politics, and
explain to the honorable Senator why it may be
difficult, though I think it may be achieved, to re-
peal those laws. But I forbear, because it would
be unprofitable to do so. You, perhaps, sir, are
aware of it; I certainly am, and I know there are
others.
Mr. RHETT. My object in making the in-
quiry of the Senator from Pennsylvania was, that
his former statement might not go out without the
qualifications which he has just made. It is very
true, as he states, that these laws have not been
repealed. It is very true that efforts have been
made to repeal them, but in the Senate of Penn-
sylvania an effort made to do that failed. So far
from showing, then, what the Senator from Penn-
sylvania has just asserted, that the people of Penn-
sylvania are satisfied with the fugitive slave law,
and are prepared to enfotae it, I think the gentle-
man's statement proves to the contrary. There
are some localities, I do not doubt, that are in
favor of enforcing the law—for instance, all the mer-
cantile interests. I suppose that is so in New
York. I have no doubt the entire mercantile com-
munity are in favor of enforcing the law. But I
presume it is not so in the interior of those States,
and if my information be correct, there is great
hostility in all the interior of Pennsylvania and
New York, and all the northern States, to the en-
forcement of the law. The time has not yet come
for the full development of this feeling, but I fear
it will not be long before the Senator from Penn-
sylvania and others who are for referring this peti-
tion to-day to the Judiciary Committee, will be in
favor of some modification of.the fugitive slave law,
the design of which will be to nullify and destroy
it by the legislation of Congress, if rt shall not be
nullified or destroyed before that time by the ac-
tion of the people.
Mr. HALE. I want to say a word to the Sen-
ator from Maryland, who has undertaken to give
me a most christian admonition. I think, without
&n affectation of great sanctity, or any peculiar
knowledge of scripture, I am about as well versed
in it as that Senator. I think he has made a gross
mistake. I think he has done great injustice to
the individual whom he terms the first agitator.
[Laughter.] If I read scripture aright, the devil—
for we will call things by their right names—when
he went into Paradise, instead of going in the
character of an agitator, went there to enforce a
fugitive slave law. He pretended that the inhabit-
ants of Paradise were his servants, and under that
false claim he stole the children of God from the
garden in which {ie had planted them, and carried
them to the slavery of hell.^ind there detained
them.
Again, the honorable Senator is disposed to refer
all these things to the devil, and he thinks it is very
irreverent to give any other construction to it. Sir,
I read that all scripture is profitable for instruc-
tion; I read, also, that from the time that God
first spake to his children by the mouth of I lis
fellow-men, it has been charged upon those who
have coine with a message to reprove the genera-
tion ill which they lived for the crimes of which
they have been guilty, that they were of the devil.
Sir, when the great mission of salvation was first
proclaimed on the plains of Galilee, those in
whose ears the message came said it was of the
devil; and when the Author of that great system
vindicated his right to speak by divine authority,
: by commanding winds and seas and they obeyed
I him, instead of producing conviction on the obdu-
rate hearts of those to whom he spoke, they
said that he cast out devils by Beelzebub, the
i prince of devils. It is no new train of remark
which the honorable Senator has taken up. He
has not even the credit of originality. It is as old
as the history of the world. There never has
been a truth unwelcome to the passions of de-
praved human nature that has sounded in their ears,
come whence it would, when the rebellious natu-
ral heart has not retorted upon the reformer that
he was of the devil. Yes, sir, it affords me assu-
rance, if a confirmation were wanted, of the truth
and of the rectitude of the position in which I
stand, and of the force of the truths which I am
compelled to utter, and that they are producing
the same effects to-day that truth has always pro-
duced from the day that it was first promulgated.
If it did not have the effect to silence and still the
voice that proclaimed the truth in olden time, so
long as I have a place in which I can be heard, it
shall not have that effect upon me now.
Again, sir, the Senator from Maryland says he
abhors agitation. "Well, there are a great many
people that abhor agitation. I have no doubt that
all the aristocracy of Europe, seated in their places
of power, and wealth, and comfort, and reveling in
luxury wrung from the sweat and blood of toiling
millions, are very much content with things as
they now are. They do not like agitation. They
feel very comfortable. But I will tell you that
there are some people that are now in favor of agita-
tion with me. Some of the overgrown monopo-
lists of this country have found their dividends
growing less under the operation of the progressive
legislation we have had, in making trade more free
and lessening duties. They are in favor of a little
agitation, provided you confine it to coal and iron
and coarse cotton. They are very much in favor
of agitation thus far. We have had printed peti-
tions—petitions put on to detached sheets just like
this abolition petition;—come here after having been
printed in this city and sent by mail all over the
United States. And in that case such is a whole-
some way of collecting public sentiment, I sup- j
pose. There is no agitation in that, so long as it !
is confined to those particular classes of articles, j
The odium with which agitation is received is I
neither new nor strange. But I am sorry for the
honorable Senator from Maryland, for whom I !
I entertain the highest respect, and of whom I had
I hoped better things, that he should have shouted
: his amen to-day to the denunciation against all agi- :
tation. But even he is in favor of a little agita-
tion, a little quiet, heavenly stirring. [Laughter.]
He does not want to go very deep. He just wants
to stir up a few little matters, but not to go to the
bottom at all. He is in favor of a little heavenly
agitation. Now, I am in favor of agitation, and
if it is good to stir us a little on the top, it is good
to go to the bottom.
The honorable Senator from Pennsylvania says
that our revolutionary fathers were not agitators. I
It is well that the bones of Washington do not
rest under this Capitol. If they did* they would
not rest easy in their place when such a declara-
tion as that was made. They not agitators, sir! 1
Go to Boston, and tell them they were not agita-
tors. Why, they agitated sea and land. They
took cargoes out of ships and threw them into the ;,
ocean, and they made Boston harbor a great tea-
pot with their agitation, and the British merchants'
cargoes furnished the material'with which they
agitated. They not agitators! The British stamp •
act was passed, and stamps were sent over to die
commissioners of the Crown. And what did those
heavenly stirrers do in that day ? Why, they made
such an agitation that no man was safe in his
house if he had any Government stamps, and he
was obliged to burn them before he could sleep
quietly in his bed. Was not that agitation ? It is
idle to deny it. It is idle to denounce it. There
has been no reform that has not been produced by
agitation. We rejoice in it. Never was there any
reform of a great abuse proposed that the movers
in the reform were not denounced as the Senator
from Maryland now denounces agitators.
The honorable Senator seems to think that the
agitators want to produce bloodshed, and every-
thing that is dire and terrible. It is not so. Such
are not the ends at which we aim. Such are not
the legitimate consequences of the measures which
we propose. No, sir; let the Senator read history,
and he will find it different. Let him look at the
existing state of things to-day, ansl he will find it
different. Let him look the world over, and he
will find it different. No, sir; no truth, no right,
nothing that has a legitimate foundation upon
"truth and right, fears agitation. It is said that the
showers may fall upon a rock, but that.they will
make no impression upon it, and so it is with
every institution that is founded upon a rock. It
need not fear the storms and the rains of heaven,
though they should descend in torrents upon it.
Nothing that is founded upon truth and justice can
j be shaken. No friend of truth, no friend of jus-
1 tice has anything to fear form agitation. It is
only he that rests npon a false and sandy foun-
dation that fears any storms or any torrents that
the feeble br«ath of man can excite. He has rea-
son to be alarmed. He is alarmed, and well he
may be, but truth and right stand on stronger,
firmer foundations; and when agitation is over,
and the storm has ceased, and the tempest has
calmed, nothing, nothing that is worthy of endu-
ring will be found to have been injured by any
agitation which is so much feared.
Sir, I will do justice, rather slow justice, I con-
;i fess, to my friend from Maine, [Mr. Bradbdry,]
who is so anxious to have this subject laid on the
table, and I renew his motion to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
! Mr. PEARCE. Will the Senator withdraw it
for a moment ?
Mr. BRADBURY. I will withdraw it if the
Senator will renew it.
Mr. PEARCE. I do not propose to follow the
Senator from New Hampshire through the various
excursions he has made over the realms of biblical
literature and historic lore; not at all, for I do not
speak for the amusement of the Senate, nor for
that of the spectators in the galleries. Nor shall
I deny to the Senator the superior acquaintance
which he claims with scriptural history. But I
insist upon it that in this instance I am right, and
that my account of the first agitator is correct,
i The devil was the first agitator, and the first agi-
i tation was an attempt to seduce the creatures of
God into disobedience of his law. He had pro-
I mulgated a law, and the devil sought to induce
j them to disobey it. He bade them eat of the fruit
, of the tree of knowledge, and said, " ye shall be
I as gods." He was, therefore, the first agitator.
But the agitation of which the Senator speaks is
not an agitation which anybody here has talked of
fearing. I said I abhorred agitation—that is, such
agitation as he seems to delight in. But neither I
nor any one else has talkA of fearing it. The
Senator seems to think there can be no purity in
peace, no truth, no right, nor anything founded
on truth and right, except in agitation. He has
forgotten some of that biblical literature of which
he professes to know so much. Does he forget
that when the waves rolled high and the ship was
threatened with destruction the Divine command
was, " Peace, be still ?"
I think the Senator is oblivious. His reminis-
cences are not apt at the present time. No, sir.
It is not a good spirit, in which right and truth are
predominant, which delights in agitation; the spirit
of discord, the spirit of revenge and hate; that
spirit which animated Zanga, when he said I like
this rocking of the battlements—
'• Rage on ye winds, burst ye clouds and torrents,
Roar—for ah! ye bear a just resemblance
To my fortune, and suit the gloomy habits of my soul."
That is- the spirit of agitation which the Senator
seems to think is necessary to purity and truth and
right. I do not complain of his undertaking to
defend the first agitator, for 1 admit the propriety
of backing one's friends. Having no such con-
nections myself, no such duty is devolved upon me
I will not, however, pursue this irregular debate
further. I do not know that it is profitable. Ac-
cording to my promise I must move to lay the
