580
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 17,
motion to reconsider on the table. But with the
assent of the Senator from Maine I will withdraw
it.
Mr. BRADBURY. My only purpose was to
stop agitation on the subject and proceed to our
legitimate business. However, I will withdraw
the motion for the accommodation of Senators.
Mr. BUTLER. In some particulars I differ
from mv honorable friend from Maryland as to
the attributes of the first agitator, so well described
by him. He did not approach Paradise as a vo-
ciferous rhetorician, speaking loud enough to be
heard.by a ferryman on the other side of the river.
No, sir, the evil spirit assumed the form of a ser-
pent, and whispered to Eve that there was a
" higher law.' * [Laughter.]
Mr. FOOTE. I propose to continue this play-,
ful discussion by a single remark, although my
friend from Maryland does not need my aid, for
he is certainly learned in Scripture. It is abso-
lutely true, as he stated, that the devil did come
into Paradise for the purpose of agitation. "To be
sure, he made a wily and insidious discourse to
the mother of mankind, in order to accomplish her
destruction, and the destruction of her posterity;
but yet it was as an agitator that he came. He was
the first agitator, and he agitated to his own de-
struction and the disturbance of the peace of Heav-
en, upon the basis of a " higher law*' discovered
by him as a rebel to the almighty Ruler of the Uni-
verse before the establishment of the Garden of
Eden. Was he not an agitator in Heaven when
he rebelled against the Almighty? Milton has
described the scene in language which I will quote
for the purpose of sustaining my friend from
Maryland in his position:
" Say, first, what cause
Mov'd our grand parents, in that happy state,
Favor'd of Heaven so highly, to fall off
From their Creator, and transgress his will
For one restraint, lords of the world besides ?
Who first seduc'd them to that foul revolt ?
The infernal Serpent; he it was, whose guile,
Stirr'd up with envy and revenge, deceiv'd
The mother of mankind; what time his pride
Had cast him out from Heaven, with all his host
Of rebel Angels; by who*; aid, aspiring
To set himself in glory above his peers,
He trusted to have equall'd the Most High,
If he oppos'd; and with ambitious aim
Against the throne and monarchy of God,
Rais'd impious war in Heaven, and battle proud,
With vain attempt. Him the Almighty Power
Hurl'd, headlong, flaming from the ethereal sky,
With hideous ruin and combustion, down
To bottomless perdition ; there to dwell
In adamantine chains and penal fire,
Who durst defy the Omnipotent to arms."
And I will say, who ever dares defy this Repub-
lic to arms will, in my opinion, experience a fate
equally woful.
Mr. BRADBURY. I now renew the motion
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. TURNEY. What would become of the
petition if that motion should prevail?
• The PRESIDENT. It will remain in the hands
of the Judiciary Committee. * |
Mr. SEWARD. I call for the yeas and nays j
on the motion.
The yeas and nayg were ordered, and, being
taken, were as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Baldwin, Bradbury, Chase, Clarke,
Cooper, Davis of Massachusetts, Dodge of Wisconsin,
Ewing, Felch, Hale, Hamlin, Miller, Norris, Seward, Smith,
Upham, and Walker—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bell, Berrien, Bor-
land, Cass, Clay, Clemens, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson,
Dickinson, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Downs, Foote, Gwin,
Hunter, Jones, King, Mason, Morton, Pearce, Phelps, Pratt,
Rtiett, llusk, Sebastian, Soule, Spruance, Sturgeon, Tur-
ney, Underwood, and Whitcoinb—33.
So the motion was rejected.
The motion to reconsider the vote was agreed
to. !
The question then recurred on the motion to
refer the memorial to the Judiciary Committee, i
Mr. BADGER. I move to lay the whole sub-
ject on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. CHASE, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to which was referred the petition •
of the heirs of Joseph Reynes, submitted a report
in writing, which was ordered to be printed, ad-
verse to the prayer of the petitioner.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the motion of Mr.
Toh.net to print the first-or mechanical part of
the report of the Commissioner of the Patent
Office for the year 1850, made a report recom-
mending that the motion to print lie on the table
until the second or agricultural part of the Patent
i Office report was presented.
I The motion to print was ordered to lie on the
! table accordingly.
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED.
Mr. CLAY submitted the following resolution;
which lies over one day under the rule:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to lay before the Senate, if not incompatible with
the public interest, any information he may possess in re-
gard to an alleged recent ease of a forcible resistance to the
execution of the laws of the United States in the city of
Boston, and to communicate to the Senate under the above
condition what means he has adopted to meet the occur-
rence, and whether, in his opinion, any additional legisla-
tion is necessary to meet the exigency of the case, and to
more rigorously execute existing laws.
Mr. SEWARD submitted the following resolu-
tion; which lies over one day under the rule:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested, if not incompatible with the public interest, to
communicate to the Senate any information he may have
received concerning the forcible abduction of any citizen of
the United States, or of any person living under their pro-
tection within the Territory of New Mexico, and of his
conveyance to be reduced into peon servitude in the Re-
public of New Mexico.
Mr. BALDWIN submitted the following reso-
lution; which lies over one day under the rule:
Rssolved, That the Committee on Pensions be instructed
to inquire into the justice and expediency of so amending
the act lor the relief of Charlotte Lynch, sole surviving
child of the late Lieutenant Colonel Ebenezer Gray, of the
Connecticut line of the revolutionary army, as to provide
for the payment of an equal share ot' the amount granted by
said act to Charlotte Lynch to the children of her deceased
brother, Samuel Gray, as being equally with the said Char-
lotte Lynch representatives of the said Lieutenant Colonel
Ebenezer Gray, and entitled to succeed to his rights.
BILLS INTRODUCED ON LEAVE.
Mr. FOOTE asked and obtained the unanimous
consent of the Senate to bring in a joint resolution
for the relief of Lewis Kossuth and his associates,
exiles from Hungary; which was read and passed
to a second reading.
The resolution provides that the President shall
have power to send a national vessel to the Medi-
terranean to bring Kossuth and his companions to
this country.
On motion by Mr. FOOTE, it was ordered that
it be printed.
Mr. WHITCOMB, in pursuance of notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to aid
in the construction of a railroad from Martinsville,
by Morgantown, to Franklin, in the State of In-
diana; which was read a first and second time by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, gave notice of
his intention to ask leave to introduce a bill for
the relief of Caroline L. Eustis.
Mr. CLEMENS gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to authorize the issu-
ance of a land patent to Britain Franks. i
PRIORITY OF BUSINESS. j
Mr. RUSK. I move to postpone the prior
orders, for the purpose of taking up the bill to :
reduce the rates of postage.
Mr. BERRIEN. I beg to say to the Senate
that the bill which has occupied their attention for
the last few days is now so far advanced, that we
can probably bring it to a close in a very short
time. We nave a portion of the day still left us,
after having gone through with the morning busi-
ness, which has extended beyond the ordinary 1
hour, and I do hope that the Senator from Texas
will allow the bill to which I refer to be brought
to a termination. If it be abandoned now, it is
abandoned for the session, and the Senate will of
course have wasted the two days which they have
employed on that bill. From various sources I
have received communications which assure me
of the importance of having this bill acted on, and
I do not doubt that if the Senate proceed to its
consideration it can be finished to-day.
Mr. RUSK. It" I thought there was any possi-
bility of passing the bill to which the honorable
Senator alludes, I should not interpose to make
such a motion as I have made. I am satisfied from
the course of the debate on that bill that it is to !
consume more of the time of the Senate, and I
doubt whether, if it be passed, that it can betaken
up in the House of Representatives. I propose to
take up a bill of importance to the country, one
which comes from the House of Representatives.
Important amendments are to be proposed to it,
and it will be necessary that it should go back to
the House at an early day if there be amendments
made by the Senate.
Mr. BERRIEN. The suggestions made by the
Senator from Texas remind me of what I ought to
• have stated before. The bill which he proposes to
; bring under the consideration of the Senate is a
1 bill which has been passed by the House, and
i which will be sure to command the attention of the
j House if it be necessary to return it there with
i amendments, while the bill which constitutes the
unfinished business did not originate there, and
cannot command the attention of the House, un-
less it be promptly sent to them, and we are nearly
through with it.
Mr. DOWNS. I think the Senator from Geor-
gia is very much mistaken in supposing that the
bill which he wishes to have taken up is likely to
be terminated in a short time. There are many
serious difficulties in the way; many amendments
are to be offered, and after these amendments have
been gone through with, the indications are clear,
and they grew stronger as the discussion proceeds,
that the bill, so far from remedying the evils and
lessening the cost^of judicial proceedings, will in-
crease them; hence I think a long discussion will
ensue. It is one of those bills which, from its
very nature, cannot be disposed of without several
days' discussion. We have been on it two or
, three days now, and I .have been trying to offer
several amendments which I wish to offer. Other
gentlemen, too, have amendments to offer. There
are but two weeks of the session left, and there is
but very little probability that the House will take
up the bill and pass it if we send it to them. I
therefore really think it is a useless waste of time.
I hope that, as we all concur in the importance of
the bill which the Senator from Texas wishes to
call up, his motion will prevail.
Mr. BERRIEN. I would say in reply to the
Senator frem Louisiana, that he has had every
opportunity to offer amendments to that bill. I
suppose I should depart from a parliamentary
usage by entering into the consideration of the
merits of that bill on this motion; I therefore will
not do it; but I will say that if we are to be deterred
from proceeding in this discussion by the menace
of amendments, it will be in the power of any
Senator to stay the discussion of any bill by inti-
mating such a course.
Mr. RUSK. I ask for the yeas afid nays on
my motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BUTLER. I feel bound to make one ex-
planation to the Senate before this matter is finally
disposed of. The bill which the Senator from
Georgia has in charge, and to which he has at-
tended with so much care, has been attributed to
different authors. I took the liberty of saying the
other day that I believed it had the sanction of the
judges. I was correct in saying that Judge Story
nad at one time drawn up part of this bill, and I
believe as far as his work was concerned it had the
sanction of another judge. But I have been in-
formed, and it is due to the judges to say, that it
does not meet the approbation of the judges, or a
majority of them. I could not acquit myself of
my duty to my country and these gentlemen with-
out saying this. The authorship of the bill I pre-
sume is mainly attributable to the Treasury De-
partment and my friend from Georgia.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to say, in order to
guard against misapprehension, that I shall vote
against .the motion of the Senator from Texas, not
because I am not in favor of considering the post-
age bill, but because I think it unwise, after we
have proceeded so far on the bill of the Senator
from Georgia, to lay it aside.
Mr. BERRIEN. The statement of the Senator
from South Carolina renders it necessary that I
should say a word. I am under the impression
that the objection spoken of by the Senator from
South Carolina, of the judges of the Supreme
Court, hasarisen from their having a copy of this
bill which is not the one under consideration. I
am under that impression, from a knowledge of
the fact in relation to one of the judges, who com-
municated in writii^j his objections to the bill, and
those objections were removed by reference to the
bill which has been under consideration by the
Senate. His objections were therefore withdrawn,
in consequence of the correction of that error. I
