1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
581
do not believe that any one of the judges who has
examined the bill that has been discussed by the
Senate has stated any objections to it.
Mr. BUTLER. I will not name the gentleman
referred to; perhaps that is not parliamentary, nor
would it be e.ntirely right; but one of the judges
waited upon me yesterday, and said he thought
in s«me respects the principles of the bill were ob-
jectionable, and that he had the authority of the
Chief Justice for saying the same thing of him. I
told him that some Dill of the kind was under con-
sideration, but which bill I was unable to say.
His reply was very much like that made by the
honorable Senator from North Carolina the other
day, that a bill to equalize the fees of clerks, mar-
shals, and attorneys would be an unjust bill, so
far as it regarded different parts of the United
States
Mr. DOWNS. It is very evident, from the
conversation now taking place, that the difficulties
in regard to this bill are increasing. When the
fee bill was first taken up it seemed to be univer-
sally acquiesced in, and it was said the Judges of
the Supreme Court agreed to it. We find now,
as the discussion has progressed, that that is not
the fact; and we find that, as the discussion goes
on, and as members look into it, more become
opposed to it.
Mr. BUTLER. I did not say that I was op-
posed to it.
Mr. DOWNS. I admit that this is a bill of
importance, and it ought not to be disposed of"
hastily. I do not know what the Senator from
Georgia meant by the remarks which he made in
relation to amendments. But I am sure he must
have very different views from those which I en-
tertain in relation to the duties of Senators here,
if he supposes that, however urgent he may be to
get through the subject, other Senators are not to
propose amendments wRen they think the inter- i
ests of the country require it. More especially is !
this the case in regard to this bill, which is wide-
spread in its effects, which is to operate on every
State in the Union, and which adopts new princi-
ples and new features with regard to the subject
of cost. Many of the provisions, I think, make
the law worse than it was before; therefore, it is j
not to be supposed that it will go through without
any impediment such as the offering of amend-
ments. Gentlemen must not suppose that be-
cause they think there is a pressing necessity in
this bill, that their views are to govern the actions
of all the Senators. I have not had an opportu-
nity to offer several amendments which I propose ;
to offer. They are amendments of importance, ;
and perhaps may lead to discussion. I do not in-
tend that a bill of this importance shall be hurried j
through in such a manner that the Senate and the j
country cannot look through it and judge of it as I
it is. Having this idea, and possessing some !
knowledge of the subject, 1 shall not allow it to j
be passed in hot haste, and I am sure it will not be. !
Mr. BERRIEN. I am bound to answer the
inquiry of the Senator from Louisiana. My ob-
servation in relation to amendments was simply
this: that if the declaration by any Senator of the ;
intention to move amendments to the bill would
prevent the Senate from entering upon its discus- '
sion, it would be in the power of any Senator to
stay that discussion at any moment he pleased.
I beg to say also, that I hope the Senate is not
about to adopt as a rule of its action the opinions
which may be entertained beyond these walls by
any individuals, however elevated their station, in
regard to measures pending here. We have been
engaged in the discussion of the bill to which I
referred for two days. That time will be ost to
the country if we lay the bill aside. I am not
urging it beyond the duty imposed on me by my
position. That the Senator from Louisiana, a
member of the Judiciary Committee, by whom
this bill has been reported, should not have had
an opportunity of informing himself as to its pro-
visions, I regret. I trust the question will be pre-
sented to the Senate, and I shall have discharged
my duty when the Senate shall have acted upon
the motion which has been made.
Mr. DOWNS. I wish to state in reply to the re-
marks which have just been made by the Senator
from Georgia, that although I am a member of
.the Judiciary Committee, I never until the discus-
sion arose examined the details of that bill. I
think I may venture to say that no other member
of the committee examined the bill in detail ex-
cept the Senator from Georgia. Like many other
measures of the kind which require the ex-
amination of details, it was placed in the hands of
one member of the committee, who took upon
himself the labor of collecting the materials and
preparingthe bill. It was so in this case. I cer-
tainly did not examine the details of the biil, and '
that is no extraordinary occurrence 1 think. If I
had so informed myself, I certainly should not
have taken a different view of the bill from what 1
have taken. Certainly it cannot be supposed that
a Senator being a member of a committee which
reports a bill is precluded from offering amend-
ments or making objections to the bill when it
comes up.
The question was taken on the motion to post-
pone the prior orders for the purpose indicated, by
yeas and nays, with the following result:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison. Badger, Baldwin, Cass,
Clarke, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Mississippi,
Dickinson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodee of Iowa, Douglas,
Downs, Felch, Gwin, Houston, Hunter, Jones, Norris,
Pratt, Rusk, Soule, Sturgeon, Underwood, L'phajn, and
Walker—35.
NATS—Messrs. Bell, Berrien, Borland, Chase, Clay,
Clemens, Cooper, Dawson, Ewing, King, Mason, Miller,
Morton, Phelps, Seward, Smith, Spruance, Turney, Whit-
comb, and Yulee—20.
So the motion was agreed to.
REDUCTION OF POSTAGE. 1
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, ]
proceeded to the consideration of the bill to re-
duce and modify the rates of postage and to au-
thorize the coinage of a three cent piece.
After some discussion on the amendment offered,
of which a report will be found in the Appendix,
without disposing of the bill,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 18, 1851.
-The House met at eleven o 'clock, a. m. The Jour-
nal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, wished to give
notice to the House that, after the expiration of
the morning hour, during which reports from com-
mittees would be received, he would move the
House to go into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. BURT called the gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. McLane] to order; and called for the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER stated that the regular order of
business was the call of the committees for reports.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to permit him to introduce a
resolution to discharge the Committee of the
Whole from the consideration of a private bill,
(the title of which was not heard.)
Mr. BURT objected.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER said that reports from the
Committee on Military Affairs were in order;
when,
On motion by Mr. BURT, the Committee on
Military Affairs was discharged from the further
consideration of so much of the report of the
Board of Officers upon the subject of the relative
rank of the officers of the Army and Navy—com- |
municated to the House by the President in com- 1
pliance with a resolution of the House—as related
to the rank of naval officers, and that the same be
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BURT asked that the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs be discharged from the further con- ,
sideration of the report of the Board of Army i
Officers relative to brevet rank and Staff commis- |
sions, ana the President's message on the same
subject; and that they do lie on the table.
Mr. B. said: Mr. Speaker, the Committee on
Military Affairs have found this to be a subject of
so much delicacy—so nicely affecting the Army
and public service—and having been communica-
ted to Congress at so late a period in the present
session, that they cannot hope to secure any prop-
osition which they could recommend with any de-
gree of confidence to this House. For myself, I
am free to declare that I utterly dissent from the
principle upon which the recommendation for the !
Army are placed. I ask that the Committee on I
Military Affairs be discharged from the future con- I
sideration of this matter, and that the report be
laid upon the table, subject to be taken up at a fu-
ture session.
The question was pi^t, and the motion was
agreed to.
On motion by Mr. BURT, the Committee on
Military Affairs was discharged from the further
consideration of the following subjects, and they
were ordered to lie on the table:
The resolution of the General Assembly of
Arkansas, in favor of the establishment of a Mil-
itary Academy at some healthful point in the South,
on the basis and principles of the Military Acad-
emy at West Point;
The memorial of A. R. Spafford and other citi-
zens of Cincinnati, Ohio, in favor of a Congress
of Nations, for the peaceful settlement of inter-
national disputes;
The petition of Robert Brannan, praying for
compensation for the use by the Government of
his patent paint;
The petition of E. Woodbridge, for an appro-
priation to try experiments on certain improve-
ments in gunnery; and
The petition of certain inhabitants of Westmore-
land county, Pennsylvania, praying a provision of
law for the organization of companies of volunteer
militia, to be armed as mounted riflemen, and to
be settled on the most exposed sections of the
Western frontiers, to protect the settlers from In-
dian aggressions.
Mr. B., from the same committee, reported the
following bills, which were severally read a first
and second time by their titles, referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and, with the reports accompanying, ordered to be
printed:
A bill authorizing one of the regiments of in-
fantry to be converted into an additional regiment
of mounted riflemen, and for other purposes; and
A bill to diminish the compensation of officers
of the Army incapable of active service, and to re-
duce the number of majors in the regiment of in-
fantry, artillery, dragoons, and mounted riflemen.
Mr. B. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of George Talcott, brevet Bri-
gadier General in the United States Army and
Colonel of Ordnance; which was read a first and
second time byits -title, referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and made the order of the
day for to-morrow, and, with the report accompa-
nying, ordered to be printed.
WIDOW OF LIEUT. COL. WILLIAM GREY. -
Mr. BURT from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of the widow of the late Lieu-
tenant Colonel William Grey, of Arkansas; which
was read a first and second time by its title.
Mr. B. said: I now move that the bill be put
upon its passage; and as I shall not ask that any
other bill which I shall report from that commit-
tee be put upon its passage, and as the gentleman
from Arkansas [Mr. Johnson] takes a very
great interest in this bill, whose term of service
expires with the present session of Congress, I
am the more earnest that it should receive imme-
diate consideration of the House. I shall be
greatly obliged if the House allow me five min-
utes to explain the general merits of the bill, after
which I hope it will be disposed of at once.
Mr. Speaker, this bill is for the relief of the
widow of the late Lieutenant Col. William Grey,
of the State of Arkansas, whose husband rose
from the rank of a private soldier to that of lieu-
tenant colonel of a full battalion of infantry and
dragoons, who volunteered from the State of
Arkansas in the Mexican war. He enlisted as a
private soldier, but was elected to the command
of a battalion of infantry, consisting of three com-
panies, and two companies of dragoons. He com-
manded that battalion with great credit to himself
and benefit to his country; but inasmuch as he
and a majority of the troops under his command
were infantry, the Department paid him only the
compensation of a lieutenant colonel of infantry.
I suppose that by some construction of the rules
of that Department he was entitled to no higher
pay. They recommended that he should receive
relief from Congress. His widow, I am informed,
is entirely destitute, arid that is my only excuse
for asking this House now to take up and pass
this bill. I believe that were the merits of the bill
well understood, not a single member on this floor
would object to its immediate passage.
Mr. WILLIAMS moved that the bill be de-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. BURT. I would remark that the bill aska
