582
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 18,
only the difference between the pay of a lieuten-
ant colonel of infantry and dragoons. I ask that
the bill be read.
It was rend.
The SPEAKER said the bill could only be con-
sidered by unanimous consent.
Mr. GIDDINGS objected.
Mr. BURT said the hill maks no appropriation,
and on this account he thought it dia not require
the unanimous consent of the House to entertain
the bill.
The SPEAKER said that the bill provided an
appropriation of money out of the Treasury to
jvij? the additional compensation provided in'the
Mr. GIDDINGS withdrew his objection.
Mr. FOWLER asked if the bill required an ap-
propriation ?
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. FOWLER asked what was the amouot
asked to be appropriated ?
Mr. BURT said it merely asked to raise his pay
to that of lieutenant colonel of cavalry instead
of the pay of that grade in the infantry.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, "this gentle-
man has lield the rank of lieutenant colonel in
the Army, and has performed a highly meritori-
ous service.
During the Mexican war he commanded a bat-
talion of troops. Those troops consisted of two
companies of caTalry and three of infantry. The
Department determined t' at, as a majority of his
troops were infantry, he should receive pay as an
officer of infantry only. Now, his services were
rendered more as an officer of cavalry than that of
infantry. The Department thought they had not
the power to pay him more than for the service of
an officer of infantry, but they recommended his
case to Congress for relief.
Now, sir, the widow of this gallant officer is re-
duced to destitute circumstances. Her husband
died soon after the close of the war, and left his
accounts unadjusted. It is for these reasons that
this bill has been presented. It seems to me to be
a very meritorious case. Thg bill allows only the
difference of $18 per month greater than the De-
partment was permitted to allow. I hope the bill
will receive the favorable consideration of the I
House.  
* Mr. FOWLER. I do not know that the case
is not a meritorious one; but when I am called
upon to put my hand into the Treasury I want to
know how much is to be appropriated. Now, as
do not know the amount which is demanded, I
think I have the right to ask, if I can get that in-
formation.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Well, sir, six
months, I understand, is the time for which the
service continued. Now, the bill asks for an in-
crease on his pay off 18 per month. The gen-
tleman can maKe the calculation for himself.
Mr. FOWLER. That is something definite; I
know what that meins.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed; and
having been engrossed, it was read a third time
and passed.
Mr. BURT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and to lay that motion
on the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. BURT, the Committee on
Military Affairs was discharged from the further
consideration of the following subjects, and the
memorials and petitions, and they were severally
ordered to lie on the table, viz:
The petition of the citizens of Tioga county,
New York, against war, and in favor of the settle-
ment of international disputes by arbitration;
The petition of officers of the 4th artillery,ask-
ing an alteration of the law in relation to promo-
tions in the line and staff of the Army;
The memorial of Hamilton P. Bee and seventy-
five other citizens of Florida, asking for a company
of mounted men to protect them against the In-
dians;
The memorial of James Johnson, Assistant
Commissary of Subsistence, praying compensa-
tion for services in the 2d Pennsylvania volunteers
in the war in Mexico in 1847;
The memorial of sundry officers of the staff de-
partment and staff corps, remonstrating against
the passage of a law requiring officers of the gen-
eral staff serving with troops, to execute, accord-
ing to their respective duties, all orders emanating
from the senior officer of the line which may re- ,
late to the discipline, police,und good order of his
command, and for which he alone is responsible;
The petition of A. R. Potts, praying lor pay ns
assistant commissary of subsistence, with the
rank of captain;
The memorial of Lieutenant V. S. Grant, of
the United States Army, praying forth* discharge
from obligations to the Government for money
which was stolen from him near Jalapa, Mexico,
in 1848; 1
The petition of citizens of Benton county, East
Florida, for compensation for military services
rendered in the Slimmer and Fall of 1849;
The memorial of Dr. Thomas M. Morton, ask-
ing to be recognized as surgeon of Colonel Doni-
phan's command, instead of assistant surgeon;
The petition of Charles G. Layton, for com-
pensation for the value of the schooner Albert Gal-
latin, captured by the enemy in the late war with
Great Britain, while used as a transport vessel by
the American troops, in November, 1814.
The memorial of William Hutchison, of Ken-
tucky asking for compensation for services ren-
dered in the war of 1812 as a spy;
The memorial of Benjamin Moore, late master
armorer at Harper's Ferry, in Virginia, praying
compensation for an improved mounted percus-
sion flint lock, which has b'een adopted by the
Ordnance Bureau; and
* The petition of Mr. George Landrum, of Sabine
Parish, asking compensation for beef furnished to >
the United States Army at Fort Jesup.
On motion by Mr. fiURT, the committee was
discharged from the further consideration of the 1
following bills, and they were ordered to lie on the
i table, viz:
The bill respecting the national armories at
Springfield and Harper's Ferry; and
i The bill to regulate the brevet rank and retired
disabled officers.
Mr. CALDWELL, of Kentucky, from the
Committee on Military Affairs, reported a bill to
authorize the enlistment of mechanics, teamsters,
and laborers, in the Quartermaster's Department;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
I Mr. C. also, from the same committee, reported
the following bills, which were severally read a
first and second time by their title, referred to the
Committee of the Whole House, and made the
; order of the day for to-morrow, and, with the re-
ports accompanying, ordered to be printed:
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Anthony T.
j Willis; and
| A bill for the relief of George P. Smith. ,
PAYMENT TOR HORSES.
| Mr. CALDWELL from the same committee,
] to which had been referred the bill of the House to
amend an act entitled " An act to provide for the
payment of horses and other property lost or de-
stroyed in the military service of the United
States," approved 3d March, 1849, reported the
same back with amendments.
! Mr. CALDWELL asked that the bill be put
on its passage.
Mr. PHELPS asked that the bill be read, with
the amendments, and said that he would endeavor
to give it a brief explanation, in order to show
that it ought to be passed.
The bill watf read, as follows:
Be it enacted try the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
! That the above recited act be, and the same is hereby so
i amended as to embrace the claims of any field, or staff, or
other officer, mounted militiaman, volunteer, ranger, or
( cavalry, who has sustained, or shall sustain damage bv the
abandontnentordcstractionofahnnie or horses, and equf-
page, or either, by the order of the rommanding General or
t other commanding or superior officer, quartermaster, or
wagon master, or by the loss of a horse or horses, and
equipage, or etther, in consequence of his being unable to
groeure a sufficient supply of forage, when incumbent upon
im by the terms of his appointment or enlistment, to fur-
nish his own forage, or he shall have received commutation
in money therefor, r in consequence of having sold,
abandoned, or otherwise disposed of his horse or horses,
and equipage, or either, because ordered by his officer to
embark and leave the same, and the United States failed to
supply transportation therefor, or by the loss of a horse or
horses, and equipage, or either, in consequence of said
horse or horses, and equipage, or either, having escaped,
strayed, or been stolen or injured, or by any other unavoid-
able accident whatever, or by having, by order of the Com-
manding General, or other commanding or superior officer,
turned flver his horse or horses, and equipage, or either, to
any quartermaster, or other authorized agent of the United
States, whether a receipt therefor is produced or not, or by
' having ridden his horse or horses on express, or any other
severe and (atiguifur doty, by orderof his CommandingO'eri-
ernl, or other commanding or Mipmnr olhccr: Provided,
That, in the adjudication mnl settlement of the claim:'. under
this net, nnd ttie act to which it is amendatory, there shall
hereafter be deducted from the value of-ueli horse or hni.-es,
and equipage, or other property, only such pnwncnt as the
claimant shall have received for the n-e and ii-k oi, or for
liwnge for, sueli horse or horses niter the fo-s thereof, anil
before he was again remounted ; anil 111 ea-es where the
eliiunant wa~ not again remounted, there shall be deducted
only such payments as lie shall have received lor the use
ami risk ol, or for forage for sucli horse or hoi <es a'ter the
loss thereof, and up to the date ot Ins di-eliargc, hut not lor
the use and risk thereot, or tor Ibiage tlierelor, while trav-
eling home.
Sec. 2. And he it farther enattcd, That all the p-o\ i -ion*
of this act, and of the net to wlneli it is nniendatorv, -11:11h
be construed to, and shall embrace the claims ol otticeis of
the regular armv as well ns the claims of volunteer*, and
claims for the loss of any horse, mule, nv, wagon, cart,
boat, sleigh, and harness, or either, while Mich propertj
was in the military service of the United States, either bv
impressment or contract, and for the loss of a horse or
horses, and equipage, or either, furnished vnliinteei.-,
whether minors or ot" full age, by any guardian or other per-
son, and for the loss of military arms and accoutrement-,
or necessary clothing furnished by the claimant liimselt, or
received hj him from the United States by the terms of his
enlistment.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That in the adjudica-
tion and settlement of any and all claims under thi- act, or
the act to which it is amendatory, where it is impracticable
to obtain the evidence of the witness or witnesses required
by the rules prescribed by the Secretary of War under the
act to which this act is amendatory, by reason of such wit-
ness or witnesses not being present at the place of residence
of the claimant, the evidence of any other officer, or of any
two privates of the company to which the claimant belonged,
. shall be considered, and be sufficient to establish the claim
and authorize its allowance, and that the omission, erasure,
or obliteration of any loss or losses, or any remark or re-
marks, made on the muster rolls, shall not be considered,
or be contradictory of, or prevent the allowance of any loss
or losses when the same shall have been testified to under
oath.
Sec. 4. Jind ie it further enacted, That in auditing and
settling the claims provided for in this act, and the act to
which it is amendatory, an appeal may be taken and prose-
cuted from the decision of the Auditor, whether heretofore
or hereafter made, rejecting the claim, to the Second Comp-
troller of the Treasury, whose decision shall be conclusive.
The amendments proposed by the committee
were then read, as follow:
Amend 1st section:
1st. In line 16 strike out the word " sold;" also, in same
line, strike out " or otherwise disposed of."
2d. In line 29 strike out the word " fatiguing," and insert
in lieu thereof, " extraordinary."
Amend 3d section:
1st. In line 8 strike out the word " evidence," and insert
the word " affidavit" in lieu thereof.
2d. After the word " other," in 9th line, insert" credible
and respectable;" and also insert samg words after the
word " two," in same line.
3d. Strike out all in the 14th line, after the word " not."
4th. Add at the end of the section the words, " in the
manner hereinbefore prescribed."
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That the provisions
of the second section of the act entitled " An act to provide
for the payment of horses and other property lost or de-
stroyed in the military service of the United States," ap-
proved March 3, 1849, be construed to extend to officers
and soldiers who have been in the military service of the
United States, whether mounted militiaman, volunteer,-
ranger, or cavalry.
Mr. P. said: Mr. Speaker, I have obtained the
floor at this time more for the purpose of answer-
ing any objections which may be urged against
the passage of the bill, than to enter at length into
a discussion of the bill, or into an explanation of
itsprovisions.
The bill was introduced by me early in the last
session of Congress, but the committee who had
charge of it never were able to report during the
last session; and in the present session they have
not been able to offer their report until now.
It will be recollected by every member of this
House, that not long since a discussion took place
upon this floor in relation to providing for an ad-
ditional force of clerks for the Pension Office and
the Third Auditor's Office. Now the claims which
are provided for in this bill are those which have
not been adjudicated in the Third Auditor's Of-
fice. At the time to which I have alluded, com-
plaints were made nt the manner in which the
Auditor had executed the law, and the great delay
which had arisen in the adjudication of the claims
upon which he was called upon to act. Perhaps
this delay was not so much attributable to the
Auditor as it was to the law. I recollect that in
the discussion which took place at the time, the .
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Averett,] who
had a case which, under the law, was referred to
the Third Auditor, upon examining the books in
relation to the case, found that these accounting
officers of the Treasury were so bound down by the
precedents made by previous officers, that really
there was but little discretion left to them in adju-
