1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
585
Robert W. Johnson, Kerr, GeorgeG. King, James G.King,
John A. King, Horace Mann, Mason, Matteson, McKis-
sock, Finis E. McLean, McQueen, Meacham, Meade,
Moore, Morse, Morton, Nelson, Outlaw, Owen, Plimnix,
Pilman, Putnam, Reed, Richardson, llisley, Rockwell,
Rose, Ruuisey, Sawtelle, Schenck, Schermerhorn, Sed-
don, Staepperd, Silvester, Sprague, Stanly, F. P. Stanton,
R. H. Stanton,Taylor,J. R. Thompson, Thurman, Under-
bill, Van Dyke, Vinton, White, and Williams—86.
So the bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HALL moved to reconsider the vote on the
above, and to lay that motion on the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
CORPS OF ENGINEERS.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, reported a bill to provide
for the gradual increase of the corps of engineers,
by an annual addition to the lowest grade.
Mr. E. said that this was a bill to diminish the
expenses of the Government; but as the appropri-
ation bills were yet to be disposed of, he would
move the reference of the bill to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The bill was then read a first and second time
by its title, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and, with the
report accompanying, ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. MATTESON, the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs was discharged from the
further consideration of the following subjects,
and they were ordered to lie on the table:
The memorial of William J. Alston, praying for
the erection of a fortification on Dauphin Island;
The memorial of John Phelps, praying for cer-
tain bounty land;
The memorial of James S. Abeel, for additional
' compensation, <fcc.;
The resolution of the House of the 16th De-
cember last, on the subject of extending the pro-
visions of the act to pay certain Tennessee volun-
teers to other persons belonging to the regiment em-
braced by said act; and
The bill for the settlement and payment of the
claims of the State of New Hampshire for the ser-
vice of the militia, and for disbursements for mili-
tary purposes, during the late war with Great
Britain.  
Mr. MATTESON, from the same committee,
made adverse reports in the following cases; which
were ordered to lie on the table, and be printed:
The petition of Thomas J. Churchill, of Arkan-
sas; and
The petition of Captain J. L. Fremont, for res-
toration of his rank in the Army.
Mr. J. A. KING, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported back, without amendment,
the bill for the relief of certain USnnessee volun-
teers; which was committed to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
RIVER AND HARBOR BILL.
On motion by Mr. McLANE, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union on the river and harbor bill,
(Mr. Meade in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated that the pending ques-
tion was the substitute offered by the gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. McLane] to the original
"bill.
The following clause in the substitute was read:
" For the improvement of the Mississippi river below the
Rapids, the Ohio river below the Falls at Louisville, and
the Missouri, Illinois, Tennessee, and Arkansas rivers,
$248,000."
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, moved so to
amend the above clause as to read as follows:
" For the improvement of the Mississippi river, the Ohio
river below the Falls at Louisville, and the Missouri and
Arkansas rivers, ,$340,000; and for the Illinois and Tennes-
see rivers, $50,000 each."
Mr. J. said: The friends of these two rivers
(the Tennessee and Illinois) will perceive by
this amendment, that I propose to give to these
rivers by this arrangement just as large an appro-
priation as they will or can get out of the appro-
priation of $240,000, if they choose to place these
two rivers in the same section with that containing
this appropriation for the Mississippi, Arkansas,
and Ohio rivers. Now every gentleman in this
House mustallow that an appropriation of $240,000
for the Mississippi, Ohio, and Arkansas is alto-
gether inadequate and insufficient. I perceive that
there is a general conviction in the committee, that
this appropriation of $>240,000 for these rivers is
at best but small; and that to place two other
rivers with them, to diminish the amount of ap-
propriation that would be applicable to the improve-
ment of each, is very little short of sacrificing and
treading upon the rights of the whole valley of the
Ohio and Mississippi. I
Mr". WILLIAMS. Might I suggest to the !
gentleman from Arkansas to enlarge his motion? j
Mr. JOHNSON. I have reflected upon pro- l
posing a larger appropriation, but it appears to
me that if my present motion carries, the gentle-
man can afterwards move to enlarge the amount.
If I were to consult my own convictions as to
what I consider would be a proper amount, I
should have proposed an appropriation of at least
$80,000 to each. If, as I have already said, the
committee should afterwards conclude that a larger
amount would be preferable, it can be so voted.
Now it must be remembered, that upon the .
bosom of the Mississippi alone, commerce to the
amount of at least $200,000,000 is annually borne.
On the Ohio, very nearly $100,000,000. Certainly ,
on these rivers together, the amount of commerce
must be over $300,000,000. I would ask gentle-
men to remember the fact, that these are all rivers
of the first magnitude and class. I know it is said
that if we come to analyze the amount of com-
merce that is actually borne on the bosom of the I
Arkansas river, that that river cannot make so
great a show. But allowances fhould be made, in
view of what will be the fact after a series of years.
We know not the changeMhat forty or fifty years
may effect in the amount of commerce on this
particular river.
The Arkansas is, I believe, in point of length
the second river in the United States, if not on the
whole continent of America. I know that the
extent to which it is navigable has never been
ascertained. It has been proved to be navigable
seven hundred miles from its mouth, and under
ordinary circumstances can be navigated, I have
every reason to suppose, a distance of one thou-
sand miles. No vessel, it is true, has ever pene-
trated so far, from the simple fact that there are
no settlements at so great a distance from the
mouth, that civilization has not yet penetrated so
far.
This Arkansas river takes its rise in the Rocky
Mountains, and, as I have said, it is a river of the
very first magnitude, and I trust that the friends
of a fair and general system of internal improve-
ments will not overlook it. I merely wish to add
that I am a friend of internal improvements, and
that I offer this amendment in good faith.
Mr. FITCH opposed the amendment. He said:
j I am sorry to be found in opposition to any amend-
I ment which my friend from Arkansas may think ,
I proper; but I am opposed not only to his amend-
I ment, but also to the substitute, which embraces 1
the Illinois and the Tennessee rivers. I find nei- ;
ther in the estimates of the last or of the present ;
I year any estimatefor those streams. Of the Ten-
nessee river I have no personal knowledge. It
may be a very large and important river, and it
may demand the fostering care of the Federal
Government. The Illinois river I know to be no -i
such thing. I grant that it is a beautiful, naviga- ,
ble stream, but it is confined exclusively within
the limits of one State, and there is no reason
whatever why there should be a discrimination
made in favor of it and against the Wabash. You
may allege that the Wabash is confined within the
limits of Indiana, but such is not entirely the case,
because it forms in part the boundary between
that State and Illinois. It is a river of certainly '
equal importance with the Illinois river, and if
the one is excluded the other must be, so far as my
vote is concerned. My opposition, then, is not
solely to the amendment now proposed by the
gentleman from Arkansas, but it is also to the ap-
propriation proposed in the substitute offered by !
the chairman of the Committee on Commerce for
the Illinois and Tennessee rivers. If there is no j
other mode of avoiding that appropriation, I shall
feel constrained to vote against the entire substi- !
tute, although the original bill has, since its intro- I
duction, been so amended as to be objectionable,
and include appropriations for which I shall hesi-
tate much to vote.
The question was then taken on Mr. Johnson's
amendment, and it was agreed to. j
Mr. McCLERNAND offered the following
amendment: ;
" For the removal of the remains of the Cumberland Dam
in the Ohio river, $5p,006." 1
Mr.'McCLERNAND. The reasons which in-
fluenced me to move to strike out the appropriation
for the repair of the Cumberland dam, so called, are
the reasons which should induce the committee to
adopt mv amendment as a whole. What are those
reasons ? The Ohio river is, as well known to those
who are acquainted with it, sweeps on a straight
course, or nearly so, for several miles above and
below this dam, along the Illinois shore. The
natural channel of the river is along that shore;
and before the erection of the dam, the way was
clear and safe for boats. But Smithland was in-
terested to divert the channel to the opposite side
of the river, along the Kentucky shore. A few
facts will disclose the reason. Smithland is situ-
ated on the east bank of the Ohio, immediately at
the mouth of the Cumberland river. Opposite
and near stands an island—Cumberland Island—
extending for some distance above and below the
town. Between this island and the Kentucky
shore, the Ohio gives out a narrow chute—not
only narrow but very shallow, and especially
between the head of the island and the Kentucky
shore, above the mouth of the Cumberland. The
dam was designed to obstruct the channel between
the island ana the Illinois shore, and to force the
volume of water between the island and the Ken-
tucky shore. The effect was very seriously to
endanger the navigation of the river at this point.
This resulted from the fact that the water sweep-
ing down against the dam, was suddenly and
abruptly turned across the head of the island to
the Kentucky shore. The consequence was, that
flat boats often run on the dam, or the head of the
island, and were wrecked. This gave great cause
of complaint, and boatmen themselves took meas-
urse—of course unauthorized by law—to break
the dam by removing the material of which it was
composed. In addition to this, the current of the
river sweeping down, especially in times of
freshets, first measurably undermined the dam,
and after sweeping over it, forced a way for the
return of the channel to its old bed. This will
probably result again if the dam should be re-
stored. It is very doubtful whether a sufficient
dam can be erected at this point, or any point on
the Ohio. Besides, why should the channel
be turned from the town on .the Illinois side to
the Kentucky side? Why sacrifice one private
interest for the benefit of another of no more
merit? My constituents have sent up numerous
remonstrances against the renewal of the obstruc-
tion caused by the Cumberland dam. I appeal
to the candor and justice of the committee to sus-
tain my amendment.
Mr. EWING said that this subject had been
fully and laboriously discussed last night 
Mr. MORSE (interposing) said: I desire to
speak against the amendment offered by the gen-
tlaman from Illinois; and I submit that it cannot
be in order for the gentleman to speak, except in
opposition to the amendment. I want to make a
speech about it, and I hope the gentleman will
yield me the floor.
Mr. EWING having yielded the floor,
Mr. MORSE resumed. He said: If there was
anything yet wanted to render this system of in-
ternal improvements supremely ridiculous—to
show up in brilliant and beautiful colors this mon-
strous system of distributing the treasures of this
vast Union, it is afforded us by this amendment
proposed by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
McCleiinanit.1 Sir, what is the object of that
amendment? It is a petition, or rather a proposi-
tion, that the Government shall undo what it has
already done, and upon which it has expended
hundreds and thousands of dollars. It is a fair
sample of what may be expected to result from
the adoption of a general system of internal im-
provements. It shows that the real object of this
system of general internal improvements is not to
make improvements, but it is for the purpose of
expending money at different places, and those
that get the money thus spent, hope to secure the
interest and favor of the people of the particular
localities that are benefited. After a time, some
one, hoping to get the interest of the people in his
behalf, comes here and asks to have more money
expended in the name of internal improvements;
and to have the " improvements" for which the
appropriations were previously made. Govern-
ment is actually asked to undo what it has before
been asked to, and has actually expended thou-
sands, perhaps millions, of dollars in executing.
