586
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 18,
Again: if you vote $50,000 this year for any im- |l
provement, next year you will find the people of i
the locality where this money is expended, asking
for #50,000 more, if not for a larger sum. I say
that such a system is supremely absurd and ridic-
ulous. It reminds me something of the first
Yankee pedlar of clocks of which we have any
" authentic account." He (the pedlar) provided
himself with a number of clocks, next to worth- '
less, and traveled through a section of country,
and disposed of all but one. He then retraced
his steps and calling at the place he left the last
clock he had sold, was informed that it was use-
less. The pedlar then sold at a higher price the
clock he had remaining, and took the rejected
clock with him to the next man to whom he had
sold hie time pieces. Here again he made a
similar bargain, effecting another profit. And so
on he went through his whole list of purchases,
and made a double profit on every one.
I believe that there are not ten items in this ap-
propriation'bill that are really asked with a belief
that improvements are actually wanted. This is
not the object. The only object is to spend money
at different localities. Look at this amendment.
Years ago an appropriation was asked for, and
granted, to make this Cumberland dam; and now, :
in order to spend more money at this particular lo- ■ i
cality, Government is asked to grant more money
to undo its own work.
Mr, McCLERNAND, (interposing.) The gen-
tleman from Louisiana misunderstands and mis-
represents me.
Mr. MORSE. 1 cannot now be interrupted; I
have but a very short time more.
Mr. McCLERNAND. The gentleman seems |
to think, and so represents me, that my simple and 1 j
only object is to obtain an appropriation in order
to squander the public money. Sir, I should have
abstained from all action on "this subject, did I not
think that it was the duty of this Government to
remove an obstruction that is felt to be injurious to
the navigation of the river.
Mr. MORSE. I had no desire to charge the
gentleman with this motive personally, for I be-
lieve that he is one of the sound men; I believe
him to be a good Democrat.
I was saying that I hold this to be a spending
and squandering system, but I hold that it is also
a system that involves a continually increasing ex-
pense. Whatever you appropriate to now, you
will have to give larger sums of money in future.
As in the case of this Cumberland dam, you will '
in many instances but spend money to make a
pretext, and, indeed, it may be, to make a neces-
sity to spend more.
Mr. BAYLY moved to reduce the proposed ap-
propriation one half.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the amendment
•was not in order, as an amendment was pending
to the substitute.
Mr. McCLERNAND demanded tellers on the
question of the adoption of his amendment.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Bowlin and
Matteson were appointed. The question being
taken, resulted in the negative—ayes 24, noes not
counted.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BAYLY moved (pro forma,) to strike out
the first item in the Substitute.
Mr. DUER raised the point of order, that the
committee had gone through th& substitute last
night, and that, under the decision of the commit-
tee, the gentleman could not go back to amend the
first paragraph.
Mr. BAYLY asked if the substitute was open
to amendment?
The CHAIRMAN replied that it was. The
•substitute was read through yesterday before any
proposition was made to amend it, and amend-
ments were afterwards received.
Mr. DUER understood that amendments had
been offered to parts of the bill after the first clause.
TheCHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
York will remember that the substitute was of-
fered to the original as an entire amendment, and
of course it was open to amendment. Amend-
ments have heretofore been proposed to different
portions of the substitute indiscriminately.
Mr. DUER understood that the committee had
decided that it was not in order to go back to a
part of the bill already passed.
The CHAIRMAN repeated that it was an
amendment to the entire bill, and was open to
amendment in any part of it.
Mr. WENTWORTH raised the point of order,
that the bill could be amended by adding sections
to it, but that it was not in order to go back to any
portion of the bill already passed.
Mr. BAYLY. All I want is to make a speech.
I move to increase the appropriation for James
river to'$50,000. I will assign reasons for it.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, rose to a point
of order. He was determined, he said to do all in
his power to confine the debate within the rules.
He raised the point of order, that as the substitute
had been read through by sections, and passed
by sections, it was not in order to go back to
amend anv paragraph that had been passed.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ma-
ryland is mistaken in regard to this bill. The bill
was read through by paragraphs; and, after it had
been read, the gentleman from Maryland moved
a substitute for the entire bill, which was read for
information, and then the question was on adopt-
ing the substitute in place of the entire bill. The
substitute is open to amendment in any part of it,
and such amendments were repeatedly offered yes-
terday.
Mr. BAYLY. I stated on yesterdaj that this
bill was a sectional bill in its appropriations. My
friend from Maryland [Mr. McLane] took issue
with me on that point, and asked me if I had made
any calculation as to the amount appropriated
south of Mason & Dixon's line. I had done it,
but I had not the statement by me then. I will
now give it. There is appropriated to the States
of Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina,
Georgia, Alabama, Louisiana, Texas, and Ken-
tucky, (all of them large States,) the sum of but
$312,500. There is appropriated to the State of
New York alone the sum of £340,000. So that
this bill contains a larger amount of appropriation
for the single State of New York than for all
these slaveholding States put together. That is a
fact, and it was not necessary that I shouldhave
looked to the provisions of the bill to enable me to
characterize it, with great confidence, as a sectional
one. Sir, partiality is the vital principle of a bill
of this sort. If you distribute to every section no
more than is raised from it, it will not be desirable
to any, for they will only get back their own mo-
ney, less the cost of collection. To make it desir-
able to any, you must make it unjust to some.
Partiality is the vital principle of this system; and
that being so, I say that it is not only unconstitu-
tional, there being no express provision in the
Constitution to pass such laws, but is in conflict
with the spirit of the whole instrument. Sir, im-
partiality—uniformity is the great characteristic
of the Constitution of the United States. It re-
quires that duties shall be uniform, that no prefer-
ence shall be given to the ports of one State over
the ports of another. It requires that taxation
shall be in the ratio of population. Why, sir,
what benefit is it to the people of this country that
you provide in your Constitution that no more
taxes are to be taken from one portion than from
another, if the spirit of that instrument will, after
the money is collected, allow you entirely to dis-
regard impartiality in your appropriations? It is
just as violative of the principles of the Constitu-
tion that a preference should be given to one section
over another in any Of our financial arrangements.
Mr. HILLIARD said: Like my friend from
Virginia, I am opposed to this bill, but my oppo-
sition rests upon a wholly different ground.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, raised the point
of order, that the gentleman was not opposing this
particular amendment.
Mr. HILLIARD. I am opposed to this par-
ticular amendment, and I am opposed to every ap-
propriation of this kind, and I was going on to
say why I am opposed to it. I will not look into
the bill to see whether it gives more to one section
than it does to another, for I do not think that
that is a true principle of objection to this bill. If
the commerce of the country demands that a larger
appropriation shall be made for the northern States
than it does for the southern States, I, as a Repre-
sentative in the American Congress, will vote to
make that appropriation, even if it is for the im-
mediate benefit of the northern States. Sir, the
great question which must guide us in determining
whether an appropriation shall be made at all is,
is this a national object? I "will not stop to con-
sider whether the object to be improved lias in
New York, or in South Carolina, or in Alabama.
I would vote the appropriation, if I would vote it
at all, in the one case as readily as 1 would in the
other. Sir, this sectional spirit ouglit-to be arrest-
ed. It is full of mischief in legislating for the
great interests of the country In a bill of this
sort, if we legislate at alj, we must legislate in a
national and not in a sectional spirit. The very
thing I object to, is the log-rolling which this bill
begets. One section comes forward and claims
an appropriation because another section has ons,
instead of each appropriation resting upon thesLi-
gle fact whether or not the interests of the country
demand it. One gentleman from Tennessee comes
forward and says, "I shall vote against your bill
because my river is not embraced in it." Sir, is
that a proper argument to present to an American
Congress? If the gentleman can show me that
the interests of the nation demand that the appro-
priation shall be made, I will vote for it. I am
deaf to the argument which says, " I want this
because another section has already received.1'
Sir, my objection to this bill is, that you are
squandering the public money on local objects
which have no national concern whatever; which
do not add to the prosperity of the nation; which
do not enlarge its commerce; which" go beyond
even our foreign commerce, and the commerce be-
tween the States. It is for this reason that I shall
vote against the bill.
I live upon the banks of the Alabama river, one
of the nomest streams in America; but, sir, I do
not ask an appropriation for this river, because I
believe that you have not the power to grant it; it
does not concern the commerce of the country, and
I therefore canno.t ask, nor could I accept any ap-
propriation for it. Because this bill goes beyond
every principle of the republican construction of
the Constitution, I shall oppose it. I do not op-
pose it because it may happen to contain more
appropriations for the North than it does for the
South. If the bill contained appropriations solely
for the South, I should still oppose it. I enter my
protest here, once for all, against this mode of
tacking bills. It begets a spirit of mischief to the
institutions of the country. We should rather cul-
tivate that large and patriotic spirit which embraces
this whole country, as one country.
[Here the Chairman's hammer fell.l
The question was then taken on Mr. Baylt's
amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. HAYMOND offered the following amend-
ment:
" For the improvement of the Monongahela river, $50,000,
to be invested in the stock of the Monongahela Navigation
Company."
Mr. H. sai^ I have very little hopes that this
amendment will be adopted, although I am satis-
fied that it ought to be passed. It proposes as im-
portant an improvement as any contemplated by.
the measure. Certain gentlemen on this side of
the House have urged the committee to stand by
the bill as it was originally proposed, and to vote
down all amendments. The bill must be capable
of improvement; there never was a bill proposed
in this House that could not* be improved, and I
hope that this description of factious support of
the bill will not be pursued. 1 call upon gentlemen,
especially from the West and South, to vote for
this amendment. This is a work essentially na-
tional in its character. It is as important as any
improvements contemplated in New York, or Mis-
sissippi, or on the northern lakes. I do not know
how I shall vote upon this question. I have not,
however, any constitutional scruples. I expect I
shall vote for the bill.
Mr. STANLY spoke in opposition to Mr.
Bayly, who had said that this was a sectional
measure. He had but a few remarks to make in
reply to that statement. He regretted that the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
from whom they had a right to expect better
things, should be a trumpeter of party to his friends
here to excite their opposition to this measure.
The gentleman selected certain southern States,
and proclaimed that New York gets more than all
of those he mentioned. Whose fault was this?
Certainly not the fault of the northern members.
They- had seen the gentleman from South Caro-
lina [Mr. Bcet] move to strike out an appropria-
tion for an improvement in his State. The House
voted down his motion. This was an evidence of
the feeling which animated some southern gentle-
men in opposing, according to their sense of duty,
