1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
589
example, would hare been increased from $75,000
to $,100,000. I do not mean so cast any imputation
on the gentlemen who represent New York upon
this floor, nor upon others; but we must look to
human conduct as we find it. None of us are "in-
sensible to such influences. There are members,
it may be, whose support of the bill depends on
individual appropriations of trivial sums, yet the
appropriations proposed amount in the aggre-
gate already to 42,000,000, and if they went the
length of providing for all the claims out of the
bill as meritorious, as some, at least, of those
embraced in it, they would amount to $10,000,000.
Who doubts that? But it was impossible to
place all these claims on the same footing. A
selection had to be made, and that selection has
doubtless been made, with reference more or less,
unconsciously it may be, to the votes necessary
to pass the measure. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Bayly] was correct in saying that
partiality is the vital principle of bills of this de-
scription . This renders them unjust. At the same
time it" is usually unwise, in an economical point
of view, as a mode of appropriating money, for the
information on which such appropriations are
made is generally loose and inaccurate, and the
money for the most part squandered.
Mr. McLANE said: 1 should not interpose in
this debate, but for the allegation that has been
thrown out that this bill is sectional, did I not sup-
pose that the honorable gentlemen before me [Mr.
Bayly] and on my left, [Mr. "Wellborn,] and
on my right, [Mr. Inge,] who have made the al-
legation, would be obliged to me to correct them.
I know very well neither of those three gentlemen !
would say that it was a sectional bill, either as re- ! i
gards the North or the South, did they not think so.
Mr. WELLBORN. I disclaim it.
Mr. McLANE. The gentleman disclaims the
motive, but not the fact.
Mr. WELLBORN. I disclaimed the fact, and
I now disclaim it.
Mr. McLANE. I am-glad of it. But not so
my friends before me and on my right. But let
me see what is the matter of fact. We must first j
1 consider that the population of the North is larger
than in the South, and yet the ratio of appropria-
tions for the South are larger, according to the
population, than in the-North. I beg that hon-
orable gentlemen who make this issue will hold
their peace on it. Let us examine the bill, and
we find, excluding several of the minor appropri-
ations, that the following appropriations are made
to southern localities:
and unequal, and that all these things considered,
she ought to have a much larger share of the ap-
propriations.
Mr. McLANE. My friend from Alabama
made no' such qualification when he first made the
charge; but in view of that qualification, if he will
look to the extent of the population, and of the
navigable waters of the Missouri, Mississippi,
and Ohio, and the northern lakes—if he will look
at theamountoftonnage, and of commerce, floating
on these rivers, on the lakes, and on the Atlantic,
he will be astonished to find that the commerce and
tonnage on these northern lakes exceed so immense-
ly the tonnage and commerce of the South, except ■
so far as the commerce of the South is conducted by
ships of the North, and that it is for the safety of
ships of the North, and the lives of the people of
the North, that these improvements are mtole.
As to the matter of fact, it so happens that the
money is nearly equally divided between the North
and the South. It was not so intended. It never
entered into my mind to calculate how much the
North received, and how much the South. The
calculation which I have read to the committee,
was furnished to me by a gentleman from New
York. I never made the calculation. I never
would have done it. It has no relation to the
merits of the case whatever. The only issue that
ought to be presented is, whether the improve-
ment is required by the general commerce of the
country, and that should be the only consider-
ation.
The question was then taken on Mr. Well-
born 's amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, moved to in-
crease the appropriation for the Mississippi and
its branches to $500,000,
The CHAIRMAN. There is an amendment
St. Louis harbor $50,000
Havre de Grace  30,000
Wilmington, N. C.... 10,000
Savannah  50,000
Newcastle  15,000
Pamlico river  5,000
Red river $80,000
Cumberland Island... 25,000
Hog Island 35,000
Bayou laFoarche... 35,000
Beaufort, N. C  2,500
Mobile  50,000
Delaware breakwater. 50,000:James river  20,000
Baltimore '.  20,000 North Carolina. 100,000
Miss., Ohio, and Ark.340,000|Texas 100,000
Sir, these appropriations reached nearly a mil-
lion of dollars in the aggregate, being nearly half
the whole amount appropriated by the bill, which
is a very little over $2,000,000. The proportion,
therefore, that the South receives is greater than
that the North receives, calculating the ratio of
population.
Mr. BAYLY, (interposing.) The gentleman
from Maryland has utterly misconceived my re-
marks, and the meaning of my argument.
Mr. McLANE. If the gentleman disavows that
he intended to refer to the North and South, as dis-
tinguished by slave and free, then my remarks do
not apply to him.
Mr. BAYLY. I said that thisbill was sectional
and unequal. I did not mean as entirely confined
to the northern States as compared with the South.
Mr. McLANE. Then my correction does not
apply to either^he gentleman from Georgia or the
gentleman from Virginia. I wish to make it sim-
ply as a matter that may be useful to gentlemen
entertaining different impressions. But I under-
stood my friend from Alabama, [Mr. Inge,] in
reply to the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Stanly,] to say that it was the States as slave ■
States of which he spoke. He will therefore ac-
cept my correction.
Mr. INGE, (interposing.) I state this, that
eonsidering the amount of the commerce of the
South, of the exports of the South, and the
amount which the South pays in the form of
taxes into the Federal Treasury, this bill is unjust
Mr. CALDWELL. Is it in order to amend
the amendment ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that it
is not in order.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Well-
born;] and it was not agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, again, moved to
increase the appropriation to the Mississippi and
its branches to $500,000.
Mr. Chairman, I desire to state in few words
the principles which shall guide my action in sup-
porting this bill, without any very particular re-
gard to the minute items contained in it. I have
heard many gentlemen upon this floor say that if
an appropriation for the Mississippi river alone
were to be voted for, they could consistently, and
as I believe, constitutionally vote for it. But I sup-
pose if you were to designate a particular snag
and a particular bar of that river, and there should
be a separate and distinct appropriation for every
one of these snags, then these gentlemen could not
vote for it constitutionally and conscientiously. I
conceive, Mr. Chairman, that the Mississippi
river is a proper object of improvement. I con-
ceive that the great chain of lakes on our north and
west are proper objects for improvement; and I
do not regard the particular points at which these
improvements are to be made, whether at Little
Sodus Bay, Great Sodus Bay, or any other bay.
The improvements ought to be made upon the
great commercial channels of the country. I re-
gard the great Atlantic coast, with its inlets, bays,
and harbors, as coming within this meaning, as
far as the great and important interests of the na-
tional commerce are concerned. I would leave it
to the executive officers of the Government, and to
the committee who have legitimate charge of this
subject, to obtain information upon it, so as to de-
termine the specific point at which these appropri-
ations are needed, and which are so general and
clear as to justify an appropriation by the House.
Now, I.apprehend that there is no gentleman upon
this floor, or at least very few, who would say. that
the great chain of lakes, the great Atlantic coast,
or the great Mississippi river, are not objects Of
sufficient general and national importance to come
within the sphere and spirit of the Constitution,
and justifying appropriations. But, sir, if you do
not determine the points at which appropriations
are to be made, you must leave the matter to your
executive officers.
Now, let me make a remark in regard to another
point in this matter. I have heard that bill char-
acterized here repeatedly as a system of bribery
and corruption. I suppose, sir, that beeause I
live upon the Mississippi river, and feel that when
property of the value of millions of dollars annu-
ally is lost for the want of improvements, and
hundreds of lives for the same reason, something
should be done in the way of improvements, I
am to be told that I am bribed into the support of
the bill, because there is an appropriation in the
bill for the Mississippi. I disdain the imputation.
I say further, that if to consult the great interests
of that country, and to improve the welfare of my
constituents, be bribery, I glory in it. I shall
ever be ready to avow my principles in relation
to it.
Mr. STRONG said: I am opposed to the amend-
ment and to the bill. This amendment proposes
to increase the appropriation made in the bill, and
of course renders it more obnoxious to the objec-
tion which I have in regard to it. I place my
opposition to the amendment and the bill upon
one ground at the present time," and that is, that
the Treasury is not in a condition to allow us to
appropriate a sum exceeding $2,000,000 for any
object, except one of absolute and imperious ne-
cessity. We have heard from the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Bay-
ly,] who might have stated much more than he
did, if he had chosen to do so, that the finances of
the country are in such a condition that there
will be probably a large deficit. Had he chosen
to proceed, he might have stated, that under the
new construction which has been given to the
tariff act of 1846, that not less than $10,000,000
will be required to refund the duties which have
been illegally levied. Now, sir, in the face of
these facts, I ask whether it is judicious to in-
crease appropriations for these objects of improve-
ment? I deem them to be not absolutely neces-
sary for the interests of the country. I am there-
fore opposed to the amendment and the bill; but
I do not propose to say much upon the subject.
I wish to allude to another phase of this bill.
We have now spent several -days upon it. It is
apparent that no man's vote can be changed by
any amendment, or any remarks which can be
made. It is all-important to the business, of the
country that we should finish whatever action is
to be had upon this bill to-day. Sir, there are
eleven days only remaining of the session. We
have eleven appropriation bills to pass; and does
any man desire to see a special session of Con-
gress? Who does not know, that if this bill is not
disposed of at an early hour, that a special session
of Congress is indispensable, in order to enable
the Government to move on in its accustomed
course. I ask, therefore, both the opponents and
friends of this bill, to cease from offering amend-
ments which cannot prevail, and which cannot
affect votes, and that the committee at the earliest
tour be discharged from the consideration of this
bill, in order to take up the appropriation bills,
which must be passed, or a special session of
Congress is inevitable.
Mr. STANTON, ofTennessee,asked theunan-
imous consent of the committee to withdraw his
amendment; which was granted.
Mr. CALDWELL, of Kentucky, offered the
following amendment:
" For the improvement of the Cumberland river ifhove
Nashville, including the descending navigation, between
Smith's Shoals and the Upper Coal Banks in Pulaski
county, Kentucky, $30,090."
Mr. C. said: Mr. Chairman, the object for
which I ask this appropriation is certainly a very
important one. The Cumberland river is navi-
gable, for at least nine months in the year, for a
distance of more than five hundred miles. There
are no appropriations made for it now. I offer
this amendment, hoping that if this system is to be
entered into, of appropriating large amounts to be
squandered, not upon legitimate objects, but upon,
a system of this kind, that my constituents may
receive their share.
Mr. CAMPBELL, said: Mr. Chairman, I op-
pose this amendment, as I shall all those which
endanger the passage of this bill. I am anxious to
proceed to the final vote on the bill. The inter-
ests of the country require expeditious action from
this time until the close of the session. Although
I have, at all times during the present session,
been in my seat ready to vote, I have not con-
sumed one minute in discussion. In rising now,
I have two purposes to accomplish, i have re-
cently received a letter, in which I am informed
