1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
591
in its character; but this is not the worst feature
of the bill. It will tend to bankrupt theTreasury
<.f the country. The Treasury is in no condition
to make the large appropriations for which this
bill provides, even if the principle upon which the
bill is based was a correct one. For one, I feel
bound to protest against this extravagant expendi-
ture of the people's money. I feel mortified that
the Democrats in this House will not come up
unitedly in opposition to this measure; but they are
responsible, not to me, but to their constituents;
and to their constituents they will have to answer
for their support of this bill.
Mr. Chairman, 1 regret that I have felt called
upon, in my legislative duty, to speak against
this bill. I shall vote against the bill. I hope
my amendment may be adopted; but even if it is
adopteJ, I shall still vote'agamst the bill.
Mr. BRISBIN. Mr. Chairman, the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] has advanced the only
argument I have heard in favor of this bill. His
argument is, that because the opponents of this
measure have, in his opinion, acteid inconsistently,
therefore, the bill should pass; therefore millions
should be taken from the Treasury for internal
improvements. >'ow, sir, this being the only
reason given why the bill should pass, T am dis-
posed to give to it its full weight. I would not
deprive them of this. I would not wring from the
mouth of famine a bone. The same gentleman
takes exception to my remarks made last evening,
characterizing this as a system of plunder; and in-
fers that I intended to charge the advocates of this
bill with fraud and corruption, and with being
bribed with appropriations. Now, sir, I charged
no gentleman with any such thing. I did, and I
now do, characterize this system as a fraudulent,
plundering system. And if any gentleman takes
to himself the character I give to the bill, it is his
own job,'not mine. I have, sif, somewhere read*1
that " a guilty conscience needs no accuser;" that
"the wicked flee when no man pursueth." If
there has been inconsistency in the action of the
opponents of this measure, the end sought fully
justified the means. But I cannot: conceive that
there is any inconsistency in opposing this expend-
iture, and at the same time claiming, if it is to be
expended, to come in for a share; and but that
the gentleman was driven to the wall for a reason >
to give in sustaining his action, I doubt whether <
even his keen perception would have discovered it.
The question was taken upon the amendment
of the gentleman from Virginia, and it was not
agreed to.
[Loud cries of " Question!" " question!"]
Mr. ALBERTSON asked if it would be in
order to move to strike out that amendment and
insert a substitute ?
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is open
to amendment.
Mr. ALBERTSON. Then I move to .strike
out the substitute and insert the following:
" For the improvement of the Ohio river, above the falls ,
at Louisville, $100,000.
" For the improvement of the Ohio river, below the foils
at Louisville. $-200,000.
" For the improvement of the Mississippi river, $:200,000.
" For construction of snag boats for the Ohio and Missis-
sippi rivers, $100,000." •
Mr. ALBERTSON said: Sir; I do not wish to |
be understood as offering this as an amendment,
I wish to offer it as a substitute for the bill, and I
make this motion in order to give me an opportu-
nity of stating my reasons for opposing this bill.
I oppose it because I consider tne appropriations
as sectional and local in their character. 1 am not ,
opposed to the improvement of great national
thoroughfares where some fifteen States are di- :
rectly interested. But I cannot support any bill i
which is not national in its character. I hold it
to be a correct Democratic principle, that when
appropriations are made from the Federal Treas-
'ury they should be made for national objects.
Mr. Chairman, I do not wish to be understood
as offering this amendment for Buncombe. I am
opposed to the bill, and shall vote against it, and if
the substitute is adopted, I shall still vote against
it. It is not my wish to detain the committee fur-
ther.
Mr. FITCH. Did I understand the gentleman
as offering his amendment as a substitute for the
pending amendment, or a substitute to the bill?
Mr. ALBERTSON. I offered it as a substi-
tute for the whole.
Mr. FITCH. I am sorry that my colleague ,
has seen fit to take the course he has. It is vir-
tually declaring that he recognizes nothing beyond
his own door-yard as worth making appropria-
' tions for. He recognizes no lakes or rivers as
national thoroughfares, except the Mississippi and
Ohio rivers. 1 grant you that these rivers ore
I great national thoroughfares, but I do not think
they are the only ones. I have said that my col-
league recognizes no work of any national import-
ance unless it is connected with the Ohio or Mis-
sissippi rivers. The lakes he esteems mere local
matters. Lake Michigan, Lake Erie,Lake Supe-
rior, Lake Huron, and Lake Ontario, are all mere
local channels in his opinion, though they border
upon seven States—more than does the river Ohio.
I regret this display of contracted views upon the
part of my colleague, for his own sake.
Mr. ALBERTSON. I would ask my colleague
whether, if there were an appropriation contained
in this bill for a harbor in Lake Michigan, he
would vote for it ?
Mr. FITCH. I.have said I would, if it rested
with me, confine these appropriations to strictly
national works, without regard to their locality.
I should, therefore, vote for a bill appropriating
for such works, whether it did or did not embrace
works in which my own constituents were immedi-
ately interested. I answered my colleague on Fri-
day last, when speaking upon the general bill. He
then heard me avow that it was for the principle^—
the right to make appropriations for nauonal chan-
nels for which I contend. I trust there is sufficient
intelligence in the House, and views sufficiently
national to prevent us from confining our appro-
priations of this character to one river. 1'hey
should be extended to all works of the same char-
acter which are national. I should despise my-
self, and so would the constituency who sent me
here, if, in the capacity of a national legislator, I
would not look beyond the mere sectional inter-
ests of my constituents, to the interests of the
whole country.
Mr. ALBERTSON. I wish to know of my
colleague if I understand him to say that the Ohio
and Mississippi rivers are small and sectional in
their character—that they are not great national
thoroughfares ?
Mr. FITCH. If the gentleman, in interrupting ;
I me, wishes only to propound such interrogatories, j
' he might have saved himself and me the trouble j
of such interruptions, by remembering what I j
have heretofore said. My opinion of the nation- j
ality of the Ohio and Mississippi has been dis-
tinctly expressed. But it does not follow because
they are national that other commercial channels
are not. The commerce and shipping of the
lakes far, far exceed that of the Ohio. Does
not my colleague know this ? If not, his commer-
cial knowledge is yet in its infancy. With a full
knowledge, however, of the importance of the
lakes, I acknowledge that of the Ohio and Mis-
sissippi, and am ready and anxious to secure ap-
propriations for them.
Mr. ALBERTSON. I ask my colleague this
question, Are not these appropriations for clear-
ing out the lakes and harbors local and sectional?
Mr. FITCH. All appropriations for the ben-
efit of the lake commerce will be for the same pur-
pose as clearing out the obstructions in the Ohio.
They are for both the improvement of great na- 1
tional commercial channels, the inland seas, and for .
the safety of those who navigate those seas.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. Is the substi-
tute of the gentleman susceptible of amendment?
The CHAIRMAN decided it was not. (
The question was then taken on Mr. Albert-
son's amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Loud cries of "Question!" "question!"
Mr. MILLER, of Ohio, offered the following !
amendment: '
"Provided, That if the expenditures authorized, or to be
authorized for the fiscal year terminating on the 30th June,
1853, excluding those authorized by this act, shall exceed 1
the current revenues for the same year, this act shall not 11
take effect." j
Mr. M. I have but a few remarks to make. This
is substantially the amendment offered by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Caldwell.] I
move this amendment now for the purpose of test-
ing the chairman of the committee who reported
the bill, who comes into this House for the pur-
pose of showing to the House and country, that
there will be a surplus of $6,000,000—thereby be-
lieving that this House will concur with him in
j the views he takes. I expect to see him pass be-
| tween the tellers in support of'this amendment,
[ because it gives him a large latitude. I ask him
| to come forward and show us that he has confi-
l dence in the statement he has made to us, for the
purpose of deceiving the country. If he is willing
to stand by the bill reported, let him stand bv
this amendment; and let him vote for it. He will
then demonstrate to the country that he believes
the statements which have been made in regard
to this bill are correct. If he does not believe his
own statement to be correct, let him abandon the
policy of the bill, and return to that which he has
been heretofore attached.
Mr. ASHMUN. I rise simply to prevent a
five minutes speech. I am opposed to the amend-
ment.
Mr. BOWLIN. I wish to speak in opposition
to the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment lias been
already opposed by the gentleman from Masstt
chusetts, [Mr. Ashmen.]
Mr. MILLER demanded tellers,and they were
accordingly ordered.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Mil-
ler's amendment, (Messrs Boyd and Haymond
acting as tellers,) and resulted—ayes 64, noes 78.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Loud cries of "(Question !" "question!"
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, offered an
amendment, as follows:
" For testing the practicability of Mr. Gllet's plan for
regulating the supply of water, and the subjugation of the
floods in the Ohio and Mississippi rivers, $50,000."
Mr. S said: I am alittle surprised at the clamor
which has" been made in the House for the ques-
tion to be taken on the substitute. Certainly, I
have not been so troublesome during the present
session—not having spoken but once, and then
only for a few minutes—as to justify this unusual
movement. In charity, I suppose that those mem-
bers who clamor for the "question," "question,"
have become wearied with the length to which the
session has been protracted, and are anxious to
report the bill to the House.
I have offered this amendment with the sincere
desire that, if the bill succeeds, it may contain a
provision for testing the practicability of a scheme
which I believe to be perfectly feasible. I tliin k
the author of the plan (Mr. Ellet) has demon-
strated, beyond all doubt, the perfect practicability
of the plan. It proposes so to control and regu-
i late the supply of waters in the Ohio and Missis-
1 sippi rivers, as to afford in dry weather a sufficient
volume for navigable purposes; and in the wet
season to chain and check the floods so as to pre-
vent the disastrous inundations which are so com-
mon and destructive in the South. These two great
objects this measure propose to secure. I have per-
fect faith in the ability of Mr. Ellet to achieve these
results. If by human agency the Kentucky and
other rivers have been made navigable at all sea-
sons—when otherwise they would not have been
—why may not the Ohio and Mississippi? It is
only accomplishing, upon a larger scale, that which
has been completely successful upon a smaller one.
| If the amendment is adopted, and the bill passed,
; it will save the $300,000 proposed to be appropria-
ted in the bill now before us. It is due to myself,
i and the House, that I should say I am opposed
to the bill now under consideration, and opposed
to it because I considerthe policy which has shaped
and fashioned it to be a cheat and a fraud. This
mode of legislating, by blending together fifty or
a hundred items of appropriation—one totilf of
! which are intended only as the means of securing
the other—is certainly not fair or honest. I ap-
peal to the candor of gentlemen, to say if there
are not at least one half of the items in this bill,
which, if made to depend upon their own individ-
ual merits, could not command the votes of a ma-
jority of this House? And is it just or reasonable
that I should be required to appropriate money for
objects which are neither authorized by the Con-
stitution, nor warranted by the pecuniary condi-
tion of the. nation, simply that I may secure a few
items which are considered on all sides to be legit-
imate and proper? Certainly, I cannot; consist-
ently with my obligations to my country and my
constituents, do so. I believe in the doctrine of
the distinguished statesmen of New York, Silas
Wright, who, unfortunately for the country; is no
longer among us, that a separate vote ought to be
allowed upon each item of appropriation, so that
