592
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 18.
they may all stand upon their individual merits, and
not depend upon fhe merit of others.
I know, sir, that in opposing this bill as at pres-
ent shaped, I am deemed by many rash and impru-
dent. 1 have the satisfaction, however, of know-
ing, that I am only responding to the dictates of a
conscience which I hope may ever feel as free
from error as it does now. The district which I
represent has a river coast of one hundred and
fifty or sixty mites, and my constituents are sup-
posed to be interested in the improvement of the
Ohio and Mississippi rivers. So they are, sir,
and I will gladly, if I am allowed a separate vote
on each item of the bill, vote for appropriations
for these and other national objects. But my con-
stituents are too just, and too regardful of the in-
terests of the country, to require me, in order to
secure these, to vote for other objects, which are
. neither national nor wise. I should neither re-
spect myself nor my constituents, if I could be
inclined so to violate my conscientious sense of
duty, or they could require me to do so.
I have to repeat, in conclusion, that if prevented
by the House from having a separate vote upon
each item, and compelled to take all the items of
this bill or none, that I shall certainly choose the
latter alternative, and vote against the bill. The
bill is extravagant, wasteful, and unreasonable in
its appropriation of money, and I cannot vote for
it as it now stands.
Mr. BOWLIN. I oppose the amendment.
That is my speech.
The question was then taken on Mr. Stanton's
amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. ASHE moved that the committee take a
recess until seven o'clock, after which they would
be able to proceed with more ease and delibera-
tion. (Cries of " No!" " No!" " Question!")
Mr. A. Then I move the committee rise.
The question was taken, and the committee
refused to rise.
The question then recurred on the adoption of
the substitute, as amended; on "which question
tellers had been ordered.
The question being taken by tellers, (Messrs.
King, of New Jersey, and Harris, of Tennes-
see, acting,) resulted in the affirmative—ayes 100,
noe  27.
So the substitute, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON moved that the committee
rise and report the bill; which motion was agreed
to.
So the committee rose, and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the chairman of the committee
reported that the committee had had under con-
sideration the river and harbor bill, and ordered
him to report it to the House with an amend-
ment.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland", obtained the
floor; but
Mr. JONES asked the gentleman from Mary-
land to give way, in order that he (Mr. J.) might
offer an amendment to the substitute.
Mr. McCLERNAND preferred a similar re-
quest.
Mr. McLANE said: I do not feel at liberty to
yield. I should vote for the gentleman's amend-
ment myself with very great pleasure, but as I
occupy the floor as chairman of the Committee
on Commerce, and not as an individual, I cannot"
yield the floor. I have no objection that the
amendment should be read for information.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, rose to a point
of orcjfr. He believed that debate on a demand
for the previous question was not in order.
The SPEAKER overruled the point of order.
The gentleman from Maryland had been recog-
nized, and debate was in order, the previous ques-
tion not having been demanded.
The Clerk then read the amendment, as fol-
lows:
Provided, That if the expenditures authorized, or to be
authorized for the fiscal year terminating on the 30th of
June, 18.V2, exclusive of those authorized by this act, shall
exceed $50,000,000, this act shall not take effect.
Mr. ASHE rose to a privileged question. He
moved that the House do now adjourn.
The SPEAKER stated that it was not a privi-
leged question, and that the gentleman could not
take the floor from the gentleman from Maryland
to make it.
Mr. McLANE. I ask the attention of the gen-
tlemen from Tennessee and Illinois. I would
cheerfully vote for either of Cfiesc propositions. I
did vote for the amendment of the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] in Committee of the
Whole, and I would have voted for the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Mc-
Clernand;] but either of these amendments would
be a qualification of the present appropriation, and
I must, with regret, respectfully decline to give
way.
Mr. BURT rose to a question of order. The
gentleman from Maryland had no right to speak
to a matter that was not before the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mary-
and must confine himself to the bill.
Mr. McLANE was very happy to inform his
friend from South Carolina that he had concluded
the remarks he wished to make. He moved the
previous question.
Mr. INGE moved to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. HARALSON moved a call of the House.
Mr. DUER inquired of the Chair, what would
become of the bill if the House adjourned without
disposing of it ?
The SPEAKER. If the House adjourns this
evening, without acting on the bill, in the opinion
of the Chair, and according to the practice of the
House, the bill will be the first business in order
to-morrow.
The gentleman from Maryland [Mr. McLane] :
demands the previous question on th  pending j
question, whicn is on the amendment reported by
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. Pending that question, the gentleman from I
Alabama [Mr. Inge] moves to lay the bill on the
table; and pending that question, the gentleman
from Georgia [Mr. Haralson] moves a call of the
House. The question will first be taken on the
motion of the gentleman from Georgia.
Mr. BURT called for the yeas ana nays on that
motion; which were ordered.
Mr. MILLER, of Ohio, moved that the House
adjourn.
Mr. MORSE called for the yeas and nays on
that motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered; and the
question being taken, the House refused to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were then taken on the mo- ,
I tion for a call of the House, and were—yeas 66,
nays 107; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Ashe, Averett, Bay, Bayly,
Beale, Bell, Bowdon, Boyd, Brisbin, W. J. Brown, Cleve-
land, Daniel, Dimmick, Disney, Edmondson, Featherston,
Fuller, Gerry, Gilmore, Hamilton, Hammond, Haralson,
Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Hibbard, Inge,
Joseph W. Jackson, William T. Jackson, Jones, La Sere,
Littlefield, Horace Mann, Job Mann, Marshall, Mason,
Matte eon, McClernand, McLanahan, Robert M. McLane,
McWillie, Meade, John K. Miller, Millson, Moms, Mor-
rison, Morse, Orr, Parker, Peaslee, Penn, Phelps, Powell,
Robbins, • Robinson, Rosa, Savage, Stetson, Sweetser,
Thomas, Underhill, Venable, Waldo, Wellborn, Whit-
tlesey, and Wildrick—66.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Alston, Anderson,
Andrews, Asjimun, Bennett, Bingham, Bocock, Bokee,
Bowie, Bowlin, Breck, Briggs, Albert G. Brown, Buel,
i Burrows, Butler, E. C. Cabell, Joseph Cable, Joseph P.
I Caldwell, Campbell, Cartter, Casey, Chandler, Clarke,
Clingman, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colcock, Cole, Con-
ger, Corwin. Dickey, Doty, Duer, Duncan, Dunham, Dur-
kee, Eliot, Alexander Evens, Nathan Evans, Ewing, Fitch,
Fowler, Gentry, Giddings, Gilbert, Gott, Gould, Grinnell,
Halloway, Hampton, Isliam G. Harris, Haymond, Henry,
Hilliard, Howard, Howe, Hunter, Andrew Johnson, James
L. Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Julian, Kerr, George G.
King, James G. King, John A. King, Leffler, McDowell,
McKissock, McMullen, Daniel F. Miller, Moore, More-
head, Morton, Nelson, Ogle, Outlaw, Pitman, Reed, Rey-
nolds, Richardson, Risley, Rose, Rumsey, Sackett, Saw-
telle, Schoolcraft, Shepperd, Silvester, Spaulding, Sprague,
Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Strong,
Taylor, James Thompson, John B. Thompson, Tuck, Vin-
ton, Watkins, Wentworth, White, Williams, Wilmot, and
Young—107.
So a call of {he House was not ordered.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr. Inge
to lay the bill upon the table.
Mr. PARKER called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. STANTON, ofTennessee, inquired if it
was in order to move to take a recess tilt seven
o'clock?
The SPEAKER said the motion could only be
made by unanimous consent.
Mr. JONES objected.
The yeas and nays were then taken on the mo-
tion to lay the bill upon the table, and resulted—
yeas 74, nays 101—as follows:
YEA8—Messrs. Albertson, Ashe, Bayly, Bell, Bow-
don, Boyd, Brisbin, William J. Brown, Joseph Cable,
Joseph P. Caldwell, Cleveland, Williamson R. W. Cobb,
Colcock, Daniel, Danner, Dimmick, Edmundson, Ewing,
Frsudley, Fuller, Csrry, Gilmore, Hall, Hamilton, Ham-
mond, Isham G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Hibbard,
Hilliard, Ho gIand, Ilolladay, Inse, Joseph W. Jackson,
Andrew Johnson, Jones, La Sire, Littlefield, Job Mann,
Mason, McClernand, McDowell, McLanahan, McMullen,
McWillie, Meade, Jolio K. Miller, Millson, Morrison,
Moree, Morton, Orr, Parker, Peaslee, Penn, Phelps, Pow-
.. „ _ SjkIiIO,,
, Wallace, Well-
ell, Robbins, Robinson, Ross, Savage, Sawtellc,~Sudilon,
Stetson, Strong, Thomas, Venable, Waldo. Wallace, Well-
born, Whittlesey, Wildrick, Wilmot, Woodward, and
Young—74.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Anderson, Andrews,
Aslimun, Bennett. Bingham, Bokee, Booth, Bowie,Breck,
Briggs, Buel, Burrows, Butler, E. C. Cabell, Campbell,
Cartter, Chandler, Clarke, Cole, Conger, Corwin, Diokey,
Disney, Doty, Duer, Duncan, Dunham, Durkcc, Eliot,
Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans, Fitch, Fowler, Gentry,
Giddings, Gilbert, Gooilenow, Gott, Gould, Grinnell, Hal-
loway, Hampton, Thomas L. Harris, Haymond, Henrv,
Houston, Howard, Howe, Hunter, Wifliiim T. Jackson,
James L. Johnson, Robert VV. Johnson, Julian, Kerr,
George G. King, James G. King, John A. King, Lefflor,
Horace Mann, Marshall, Matteson, McKissock, Robert M.
McLane, Daniel F. Miller, Moore, Moreliead, Morris,
Nelson, Ogle, Otis, Outlaw, Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Rey-
nolds, Richardson, Risley, Rose, Rumsey, Sackett, School-
craft Shepperd, Spaulding, Sprague, Stanly, Frederick P.
Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Sweetser, Taylor, James
Thompson, Jno. B. Thompson,Tuck, Underhill,Van Dyke,
Vinton, Watkins, Wentworth, White, and Williams—101.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
M r. BURT declined to vote, as he had paired off
with Mr. Pikenix. •
Mr. HARALSON stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Silvester.
Mr. SCHERMERHORN said that he had
paired off with Mr. Bocock.
Mr. FEATHERSTON and Mr. AVERETT,
! who were not within the bar wh>n their names
were called, asked unanimous consent to record
their votes in favor of laying the bill upon the
table. Objection was made.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the mam question ordered; which main-question
was first on agreei g to the amendment .reported
from the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. McLane's substitute.)
Mr. FITCH inquired of the Chair what would
be the effect of the rejection of the substitute?
The SPEAKER replied that it would bring the
| House to %t direct vote on the bill as referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. FEATHERSTON moved an adjournment.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to adjourn.
Mr. FITCH called for the yeas and nays on
agreeing to the substitute reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole; which were ordered, and
being taken, were—yeas 108, nays 75; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Anderson, Andrews,
Ashe, Aslimun, Bennett, Bingham, Bokee, Bowie, Dowlin,
Boyd, Breck, Briggs, Buel, Burrows, Butler, Joseph P.
Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell, Casey, Chandler, Clingman,
Williamson R. W. Cobb, Conger, Corwin, Deberry, Dickey,
Disney, Doty, Duer, Duncan, Durkee, Eliot, Alex. Evans,
NathaiiyEvans, Fowler, Giddings, Goodenow, Gott, Gould,
Grinnell, Halloway, Hampton, Thomas L. Harris, Hay,
Haymond, Henry, Hilliard, Houston, Howard, Howe, Hun-
ter, William T. Jackson, Andrew Johnson, James L. John-
son, Robert W. Johnson, Kerr, George G. King, James G.
King, John A. King, Leffler, Littlefield, Horace Mann,
Marshall, Matteson, McGaughey, McKissock, R. M. Mc-
Lane, D. F. Miller, Moore, Moreliead, Morris, Morton, Nel-
son, Ogle, Otis, Outlaw, Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds,
i Richardlon, Risley, Rockwell, Rose, Rumsey, Sackett,
' Schoolcraft, Shepperd, Silvester, Spaulding, Sprague,
Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, Sweetser, Taylor, John B.
Thompson, Tuck, Underbill, Van Dyke, Venable, Vinton,
Watkins, Wentworth, White, Williams, and Young—108.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Averett, Bayly, Beale, Bell,
Bocock, Booth, Bowdon, Brisbin, Albert G. Brown, Wil-
liam J. Brown, Joseph Cable, George A. Caldwell, Cartter,
Clarke, Cleveland, Colcock, Danner, Dimmick, Dunham,
Edmundson, Featherston, Fitch, Freedley, Fuller, Gerry,
Gilmore, Gorman, Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, Haralson,
Isham G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Hibbard, Hoasland,
Holladay, Joseph W. Jackson, JMian, La SSre, Job Mann,
Mason, McDonald, McDowell, McLanahan, McMullen,
McWillie, Meade. John K. Miller, Millson, Morrison,
Moree, Orr, Parker, Peaslee, Penn, Phelps, Powell, Rob-
bins, Robinson, Ross, Savage, Sawtelle, Seddon, Richard
H. Stanton, Stetson, Strong, James Thompson, Waldo, .
Wallace, Wellborn, Wliittlesey, Wildrick, Wilmot, and
Woodward—75.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. McCLERNAND, on his name being
called, said: The gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Gentry,] who differs with me on this question,
being called away from the House within a few
minutes past, requested me to pair off with him,
except on the final vote. I agreed to do so for his
accommodation, and therefore declined to vote.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, stated that
he had paired off with Mr. Crowell until five
