THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS f i 50 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Camnit, Seisioh.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1851.
New Sbrie«.... No. 38.
o'clock, and that he declined to vote, aa it wasted
b«veil minutes to that hour.
Mr. MEACHAM stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Stephens, of Georgia.
The qiwation recurred on ordering the hill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. WENT WORTH moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment was concurred in,
and to lay the motion to reconsider on the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. McDONALD asked for a separate rote on
die engrossment, on each paragraph of the bilL :
The SPEAKER stated that a could be done if
ordered by one fifth of the House,
Mr. JONES called for the reading of the 151st ,
rule, and asked that it might be enforced. I
The SPEAKER. The Chair will enforce the '
rule as it stands. Under the rule referred to by
the gentleman from Tennessee, any member has
the right to ask for a separate vote upon any item '
in the bill on its engrossment. That demand of a
single member must be sustained by one fifth of
the House. The bill will now be reported to the j
House by paragraphs. When any gentleman !
desires a separate vote upon any paragraph, he j
will make the demand at the time that the para- '
graph is reported to the House. The question
will then be taken and decided, whether a sepa-
rate vote should be taken or not?
The Clerk then read the 151st rule, as follows:
" Upo* the engrOMiBeat *f any bit! making appropria-
tions of money for werlcs of iitemtl Improvement of an?
kind or description, it shall be ia the power of am member
to caJi for a division of the question, so as to lake a separate
vote of the House apon each item of improvement or ap-
propriation contained in said bill, or apon such items sepa-
rately, aad others collectively, as the member making the
call may speeify; and if one fifth «f the members present '
second said call, it shall be the duty of the Speaker to make
sach divisions of the question, and put them to vote aecord-
isgty."—February 26, i
Mr. ASHE moved that the committee take a !
recess. ij
The SPEAKER said that it could only be done IJ
by unanimous consent. i
Several Members objected. \
Mr. ASHE moved the House adjourn.
The question was taken, and the House refused ;
to adjourn. ;
The Clerk then read the first paragraph, as fol- ,
lows: ;
**Be U enacted by tke Semite <mi Howe of Represent- j
<xtiveM of tke United States of ^tateriea is Congres* ataem- j
6Ud, That a sum of money be, and the same is hereby ap- j
propriated, to be paid out of any unappropriated money in |
the Treasary sufficient for the following purposes, yiz: ]
" For a breakwater structure at tha harbor of Burlington,
«n Lake Champlain, $15,000."
Mr. JONES demanded a separate vote on the
engrossment of that paragraph, and it was or-
dered.
Mr. JONES demanded the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered. •
The question on the engrossment of the first
paragraph was then taken by yeas and nays, and
decided in the affirmative—yeas 100, nays 78—as
follows:
ler, Millson, Morrison, Morse, Orr, Parker, Peaslee, Perm,
Phelps, Powell, Richardson, Robbins, Robinson, ltoss,Sav-
age, Sawtelle, Srddon, ltichard H. Stanton, Stetson, Strong,
Thomas, Jaeob Thompson, Waldo, Wallace, Wellborn,
Whittlesey, Wildrick, Woodward, and Young—78.
Mr. Cable, of Ohio, paired off.
So the first paragraph was ordered to be en-
grossed.
Mr. HALL said that he was opposed to this
bill, but that he was not willing to be kept here all
night. [Loud cries of " Order!"] He should
therefore make one more effort to defeat the bill,
and when that was decided on he should leave it
to its fate. He moved to lay the bill upon the
table, and called for the yeas and nays on that mo-
tion.
The SPEAKER stated thai the motion was not
now in order. The rule under which the House
was acting was peculiar to this class of bills. The
House was now engaged in the engrossment of
the bill. A vote had been taken on the etigross-
Mr. McDONALD called for a separate vote on
the paragraph appropriating #20,000 for the im-
provement of the harbor at Dubuque, on the Mis-
sissippi river; but the motion was not seconded
by one fifth of the members present.
Mr. McDONALD asked for a separate vote on
the following item, and one fifth of the members
present having seconded the call, the Speaker
stated the question to be on its engrossment:
" For the improvement of the harbor at St. Louis, on the
Mississippi river, $50,661."
The question being " Shall said item be en-
Mr. McDONALD demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered; and the question being taken,
the reasult was—yeas 88, nays 76—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Anderson, Andrews,
Bennett, Bingham, Bokee, Booth, Bowie, Breck, Briggs,
Buel, Burrows, Butler, Calvin, Campbell, Chandler,Clarke,
Cole, Conger, Corwin, Crowell, Dickey, Doty, Dwer, Don-
can, Dnrkee, Alex. Evans, Nathan Evans, Fitch, Fowler,
vuik^aic^. linw*; nauiau afww, xut-u, lunin,
A - • , A. _r -   Gott, Grinneil, Halloway, Hampton, Hay, Henry, Houston.
meat of one section, ana the question of engioss- i, Howe, William T. Jackson, James 1.. Johnson, Robert W.
ment was still pending. The Chair, therefore, ' Johnson, Kerr, George G. King, James G. King, John A.
ruled the motion to lay on the table out of order. Kinj, Leffler^Levin, Horace Mann, Matteson, McGaaghey,
MeKissock, Robert M. McLane, Meacham, Daniel P. Mil-
ler, Nelson, Ogle, Otis, Outlaw, Pitman, Putnam, Reed,
Reynolds, Risley, Rockwell, Root, Rose, Rumsey, Sackett,
Sciieack, Shepperd. Silvester, Spaulding, Spragae, Stanly,
Sweetser, Taylor, John B. Thompson, Thunnan,Tuck,
UnderhHl, Van Dyke, Vinton, Waiden, Watkins, Went-
worth, White, and Williams—88.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Averett, Bayly, Bealc, Bo-
cock, Bowdon, Boyd, AlbcrtG. Brown, William J. Brown,
J. Cable, George A. Caldwell, J, P. Caldwell, Cartter,
Casey, Cleveland, W. R. W. Cobb, Coleock, Daniel, Dan-
ner, Deberry, Diramick, Danhain, Edmtindson, Ewing,
Featherston, Freedlcy, Gerry, Hall, Hamilton, Hammond,
Haralson, Harlan, I. G. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Hibbard,
Hoagiand, Holladay, Hubbard, Inge, Andrew Johnson,
Jones, Julian, McDonald, McLanahan, McQueen, Mc-
WiUte, Meade, John K. Miller, Millson, Morris, Morrison,
Morse, Morton, Orr, Parker, Peaslee, Penn, Phelps,Powell,
Richardson, Robbins, Robinson, Rosa, Savage, Sawtelle,
Seddon, A. H. Stephens, Stetson, Strong, Thomas, Jacob
Thompson, Toombs, Waldo, Wallace, Wildrick, and
Young—76.
So this item was ordered to be engrossed.
[Mr. Bowlin on the above vote had paired off
with Mr. McMullen.]
Mr. JONES called for a separate vote on the
The Clerk reported the second paragraph of
the bill, as follows:
c< For a breakwater structure at the harbor at Plattsbwrg,
on Lake Champlain, $15,000."
Mr. JONES asked for a separate vote on the
engrossment of that paragraph of the bill.
A separate vote was not ordered, and the para-
graph was ordered to be engrossed.
The Clerk reported the third item.
" For tke improvement of the harbor at White Hall, on
Lake Chawplaui, $10,000."
Mr. JONES asked for a separate vote, but it
was not ordered, And the paragraph was ordered
to be engrossed.
The Clerk read the fourth item.
" For repairs and working of dredge on Lake Champlain,
$9,000."
Mr. JONES demanded a separate vote, but it
was not ordered, and this paragraph was ordered
to be engrossed.
Mr. CARTTER asked for a separate vote on
the following item; and one fifth of the members . . ....
present having seconded the motion, the Speaker ! paragraph appropriating $4,500 for the improve-^
stated the question to be on its engrossment: monf "f ,h' <" TW.n«>t«w . h .  iW
TEAS—Messrs. Alexander, AHea, Anderson, Andrews, <
Asbe, Ashman, Bennett, Bingham, Bokee, Bowie, Breck, j
Briggs, Buel, Burrows, Butler, Calvin, Campbell, Cartter, i
Casey, Chandler, Clarke, Cole, Conger, Corwin, Crowell, j
Dickey, Disney, Doty, Duer, Duncan, Dnrkee, Eliot, Alex, j
Evans, Nathan Evans, Fitch, Fowler, Giddings, Goodenow, 1
Gott, Gould, GiuneU, Hallo way, Hampton, Hay, Henry, j
Houston, Howard, Howe, Hunter, William T.Jackson, :
Robert w. Johnson, Julian, Kerr, George G. King, James
G. King, John A. King, Leffler, Levin, Horace Mann, Mar- 1
shall, Matteson, McDonald, McGaughey, McKissock, R. {
M. McLane, Finis E. McLean. Meacham, Daniel F. Mil- |
ler, Moore,^forehead,Morris, Nelson, Ogle, Otis, Outlaw, '
Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds, Risley, Rockwell, Root,
Rose, Rumsey, Sackett, Schoolcraft, Shepperd, Silvester,
Spaulding, Spragae, Stanly, Sweetser, Taylor, James
Ijiompson, Underbill, Van Dyke, Vinton, Waiden, Wat-
kins, Wentworth, and White—100.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Ashe, Averett, Bayly, Beale,
Bocock, Booth, Bowdon, Boyd, Bnsbin, Albert G. Brown,
William X. Brown, George A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Cald-
well, Cleveland, W. R. W. Cobb, Colcock, Daniel, Dan-
ner, Debsrry, Dimmick, Dunham, Edmundson, Ewing,
Featherston, Fuller, Gerry, Gilmore, Gorman, Hall, Hamil-
ton, Hammond, Haralson, Harlan, I. G. Harris, Thos. L.
Harris, Hoagiand, Holladay, Joseph W. Jackson, Andrew
Johnson, Jones, La Sfcre, Littlefield, Job Mann, Mason,
McDowell, McLanahan, McWiUie, Meade, John K. Mil-
38
" For the improvement of the harbor at Cleveland, on
Lake Erie, $20,000."
The question being, Shall the said item be en- {
grossed, j
Mr. CARTTER demanded the yeas and nays-, |
which were ordered, and the question being taken, j
the result was—yeas 91, nays 59—as follows: j
YEAS'—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Anderson, Andrews, j
Bell. Bennett, Bingham, Bokee, Bowie, Breck, Briggs, :
Buel, Burrows, Butler, Calvin, Campbell, Cartter, Chand- i
lei, Clarke, Conger, Corwin, Crowell, Dickey, Doty, Duer, ,
Durkee, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans, Fowler, Gid-
dings, Gott, Gnnnell, Halloway, Hampton, Harlan, Hay,
Haymond, Henry, Howard, Howe, Hunter, William T.
Jackson, James L. Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Julian, ,
Kerr, James G. King, John A. King, Leffler, Levin, Horace
Mann, Marshall, Matteaon, McDonald, McGaughey, Mc-
Kissock, Finis E. McLean, Meacham, Daniel F. Miller,
Moore, Morris, Nelson, Ogle, Otis, Outlaw, Pitman, Put- ,
nam, Reed, Reynolds, Risley, Rockwell, Root, Rumsey,
Sackett, Schoolcraft, Shepperd, Silvester, Spaulding,
Spragne, Stanly, Sweetser, Taylor, James Thompson, John i
B. Thompson, Underbill, Van Dyke, Vinton, Waiden,
Watkins, Wentworth, and White—-97. I
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Averett, Bayly, Beale, Bo- ;
cock. Booth, Bowdon, Boyd. Brisbin, Albert G. Brown, ■
William J. Brown, George A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Cald- j
well, Cleveland, Colcock, Daniel, Danner, Deberry, Dim- ;
mick, Edmundson, Ewing, Featherston, Gerry, Gilmore, <
Hamilton, Haralson, Ishaui G. Harris, Hoagiand, Holladay, |
Joseph W. Jackson, Andrew Johnson, Jones, Job Mann, j
McWillie, Meade,Millson, Morrison, Morton, Orr, Peaslee, !
Penn, Phelps, Powell, Robbins, Robinson, Savage, Seddon, |
R. H. Stanton, A. H. Stephens, Stetson, Strong, Thom-
as, Jacob Thompson, Toombs, Waldo, Wallace, Wildrick,
V\ oodward, and Young—59.
So the item was ordered to be engrossed.
The following gentlemen were paired off on the
above vote: Messrs. Houston, McClernand,
and Ph<enix.
Mr. HARALSON was understood to state that
his colleague [Mr. Wellborn] had paired off
with Mr. Ashmun*
Mr. Miller paired off with Mr. Fitch, and
Mr. McDowell with Mr. Gould.
ment of the harbor at Provincetown; but the call
was not seconded by one fifth of the members
present; and the paragraph was ordered to be en-
grossed.
Mr. DUNHAM called for a separate vote on
the paragraph appropriating $80,000 for the im-
provement of the Ohio river above the Falls; but
the call was not seconded by one fifth of the
members present; and the paragraph was ordered
to be engrossed.
Mr. ALBERTSON asked for a separate vote
on the first branch of the following item:
" For the improvement of the Mississippi nver, the Ohio
river below the tails at Louisville, and the Missouri and
Arkansas rivers, $240,000; and for the Illinois and Ten-
nessee rivers $50,000 each."
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, made the point
of order, that the item was not divisible; and re-
marked that the clause had been reported from the
Committee of the Whole on the state of die Union
as a unit. The item, he said, had been amended
in committee on his motion; and the amendment
was so framed as to make the clause a unit.
Some discussion here took place in regard to the
phraseology of the paragraph as it stood origi-
nally in the substitute, and as amended in com-
mittee; in which Messrs. McDonald, Johnson,
of Arkansas, and McLane, of Maryland, partici-
pated.
The SPEAKER (Mr. Boyd) ruled that the
item was divisible, and overruled the point of
j order.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, appealed from
the decision of the Chair; and
The question now being, Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the House ?
Mr. JONES demanded the yeas and nays on
the question.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, moved to lay the
appeal on the table; which motion was agreed to.
A separate vote was then ordered on the en-
