1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
597
justice have been insulted and outraged; it is not I
alone that all this has occurred in the sanctuary of :
justice, but the officers standing at the post where
justice- should be administered have been insulted,
threatened, beaten down, and the prisoner in their
custody seized and carried away with exultation
and triumph from the midst of a population of the
United States of one hundred and fifty thousand
or one hundred and sixty thousand.
But, sir, this is not all. By whom was that mob
impelled onward? By our own race? No, sir,
but by negroes; by African descendants; by peo-
ple who possess no part, as I contend, in our po-
litical system; and the question which arises is,
whether we shall have law, and whether the ma- i
jesty of the Government shall be maintained or ■
not; whether we shall have a Government of white
men or black men in the cities of this country.
Sir, I say I ha^e been shocked, and inexpressi-
bly distressed by the occurrence which has taken
place. 1 had hoped when I first saw the account ,
that it was not true; indeed, it was suggested to
me that it was a forgery; but I learned afterwards
that it was true, from a source too high and re-
spectable to permit me longer to entertain a doubt
—from a high officer of the Government, who re-
ceived the facts from his correspondence with the j
city of Boston, confirming the truth of tlie intelli- :
gence I had heard.
Now, Mr. President, in such a case I think i
every department of the Government should act
with the most perfect promptitude. My honor-
able friend who sits at my left [Mr. FooteJ stated
yesterday that he had had an interview with two
of the highest officers of the Government, and that,
they had assured him that it was determined to
execute the law with the utmost vigor, so far as
they had power communicated to them by the laws
and Constitution of the countiy. I had a similar
interview, and they confirmed the statement. I
think the call should be prompt, the notice of the
occurrence prompt by Congress,, prompt by the
Executive, and I hope it will be effectually and
immediately punished, and that the authority of
the law will be maintained in every part of our
common Republic. I have said before that it was
not my intention to enlarge upon the subject, be-
cause, although I have had sufficient information
—too much I regret to say—to justify the remarks
I have made, yet all that is necessary for our ac-
tion is not within our reach, and until we obtain
it, it is not proper to continue my remarks. j
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I do not rise
. with any purpose to enter into a discussion upon
the merits of this question, because I think it is
very manifest, as it has been remarked by the
Senator from Kentucky, that there is at this time
no information of a reliable character which au-
thorizes such a discussion. We have reason to
believe that an occurrence has happened in Boston
which all good and peaceable citizens will condemn. !
But before I undertake to pass any censure, or i
any commendation upon the people of that city,
or the people of the State of Massachusetts; before ,
I undertake to arraign or vindicate their conduct; I
I wish, sir, to see the facts; I wish to be made
acquainted with the transactions; and when I see
these facts, I trust I shall be able to decide whose
conduct to commend and whose to condemn. And
I believe that, whenever this matter comes to be
understood, the character of the citizens of Boston
will be found to be such as it has been formerly
in the history of this country. They win be found i
good and peaceable citizens, disposed at all times
to maintain the laws of the country, and maintain I
good order. i
I know that this law is offensive; offensive to
many who are disposed to see it executed. And '
when I say this I speak a sentiment which is very
Common through that portion of the country. 1
But, nevertheless, we are a law-abiding people,
and in my judgment the great mass of the people
of Massachusetts are willing that this law, like all
other laws, shall be subjected to the scrutiny of
the judicial tribunals of Uie country; they are
willing that the courts shaB decide upon its eon- !
stitutionality or unconstitutionality; and if they
wish the law altered, as no doubt many do, they
will appeal to the proper forum and ask a modifi-
cation of it, or its. *«>eal. I must be permitted to
say, while speaKing upon this subject, that I think
all attempts to suppress the expression of public 1
opinion, to suppress freedom of debate and free-
dom of thought, is unwise. j I
| Mr. CLAY. Freedom of debate upon what
j subject? Upon what subject? Open, impudent
' violation of the laws of your country ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. The Senator
from Kentucky does not understand me. I spoke
simply of discussion upon the general merits and
character of this law.
Mr. CLAY. Well, sir, who has been oppos-
ing any discussion upon the general merits and
character of this law?
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. Tf the Sena-
tor will allow me, Mr. President, I wish to say
that I had no reference to the Senator from Ken-
! tucky at all; but I think it is a fact quite notorious
, that there has been great opposition outside of
this Senate.
Mr. CLAY. With regard to what has occurred
in Congress, and especially in the Senate Chamber,
the course has been without reproach. What is
the state of the case ? A law was passed at the
last session to enforce a clear and explicit article
of the Constitution. It was passed by a consid-
erable majority. That law is in the progress of
operation. And what has been the course of the
Senate, that very Senate which passed the law
five months ago, or less than five months ago?
We have acted upon it; we had it discussed,
debated upon it, and decided upon it. We will
not now, especially when there are indications of
violence and a forcible resistence to the law, listen
to any attempt to repeal or modify the law. Let
the authority of the law be maintained; let it be
executed; let the defects, if there are any defects,
be developed during the progress of its execution,
and when there is a spirit of obedience pervading,
as it ought to pervade, the whole country, then
and not till then will the time arrive when we
should look into the law and ascertain whether
there be any grounds of objection calling for fur-
ther legislation. 1
Sir, I did not, when up before, say anything
about the people of Boston'or the people of Mas-
sachusetts. I said something—and I hope it does
not disturb the feelings of the Senator who has
just spoken [Mr. Davis, of Massachusetts]—to
express the indignation which I felt at the out-
rage which occurred in a court of justice. I do
not know whether the court r6om is a part of, but
if not, it is near to Faneuil Hall, that great cradle
of American liberty. I hope it is not deemed un-
j kind by the Senator from Massachusetts, or of-
fensive, to speak of that negro mob that dared to
lay their sacrilegious hands in the sanctuary of
justice, upon the very sword of justice itself, and
to wave it over its officers and ministers, threat-
ening them with its application. If it be, then in
my place here and everywhere, I denounce such
resistance, whether made by white men or black
men.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I have but a
word to say in reply to the remarks of the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky. I heartily agree !
in much that he has said, and I lament this occur-
rence as much as he does, and as sincerely as he
does. What I did mean to say is, that we are a
peace-loving and law-abiding people in the Com-
monwealth of Massachusetts, and I mean to con-
nect with that the fact that we are a free people.
From the day that we took up arms against Great
Britain down to this time, we have claimed the
right, and maintained the right, and will continue
to do it, to discuss with freedom the measures of
those who govern us. •
Now, sir, I go a little farther. I deprecate all
violence to correct any evils existing here. I leave
truth to combat error, and I would let it be done
through freedom of speech and through freedom
of the press. I ask for nothingmore; and if laws 1
which are passed here are found to be objection-
able in their character, in the judgment of the
people of that State, I trust they will adopt none
but proper measures to meet such difficulties. '
They will bow in obedience to the judicial tribu-
nals, and they will leave these great questions in
all cases to be decided and settled by these tribu-
nals; and if there be any evils connected with this
Government, they will patiently bear them until
that revolution for which the Constitution itself
provides can be worked out. Why, sir, peaceable
civil revolution, of all revolutions in regard to pub- '
lie sentiment, is that tor which the Constitution
designed to provide. It is the most speedy in its '■
character, the most efficacious, and it is the only
mode consistent with the institutions of the coun-
try. Go, sir, if you have evils to complain of, to
the ballot box, and there try the question, and
there settle the difficulty which exists under the
influences of freedom of speech and freedom of the
press. No gentleman on this floor can deprecate
| more than I do any disposition to violence or op-
position to the laws.
I I say, obey the laws of the United States; obey
the laws of the States until they are either repealed
I or modified, or decided to be unconstitutional, be-
cause the laws are the public will constitutionally
expressed. That is my doctrine; but at the same
time while I advocate obedience to law, I shall
deprecate at all times any attempt to suppress free
discussion, free examination, free inquiry into
' these subjects; for that is as much connected with
the genius of our Government as the Constitution
itself. Why, sir, it is in vain to attempt to pre-
vent a public and free expression of opinion upon
these subjects, and they can never be frowned
down, and it is vain and idle to attempt it.
Mr. HALE. I am not going to oppose the pas-
sage of this resolution. I think I am glad that it
has been introduced. I have listened with some
satisfaction to the torrent of indignation which the
Senator from Kentucky has poured out against
this obstruction of the execution of the laws. But
I confess I should have been more gratified if this
indignation had been exhibited in opposition to
laws manifestly for a different latitude, and upon
a different subject. We are relying upon news-
paper accounts. I have seen an account, though
I do not know whether it is true or not, but 1 have
seen an account since this Senate has been in ses-
sion, that a judicial officer in one of the southern
States has refused, and did for a long time refnse,
to execute the law of the United States for the
surrender of a person belonging to another State.
I do not know whether the account is true or not,
but I saw it in the newspapers j and I have as much
authority for that as we have for the account which
we find of the occurrence in Boston.
Since I have been a member of the Senate, I
have seen an account of an expedition got up in a
southern city to march into a fo*eign country, in
opposition to law and treaty stipulations forbid-
ding anything of the kind; but I never heard of
any resolution calling on the President to know
what he had done about it. I recollect that, after
the expedition against Cuba was got up, a resolu-
tion was offered here, and- that resolution was
rather one of censure upon the efforts made by
the Executive to suppress it. •
Since I have been a member of the Senate, I
have known a mob to hold control for successive
days of a considerable portion of this city, under
the nose of the President of the United States, and
there was no anxiety manifested then to know
what the President had heard of it, or to know
what the President had done about it; to know
whether, in this Federal city, where all the au-
thority of the United States is concentrated, and
where he waa bound by every obligation that
could weigh upon a civil officer, to know whether
he had taken steps to maintain the supremacy of
the law. There was no inquiry made then. I
did not hear a word about it.
But, as I said, I am not opposed to the passage
of this resolution, for I will vote for it; but I fear
the Government of the United States are about to
take that very step which it is said separates the
sublime from the ridiculous. Yes, sir, here is a
mob of negroes who have for a timeexecuted their
purposes there, as a mob may do in any place
and in any city. Mobs are not peculiar to Bos-
ton. I believe I have read about a mob in Ken-
tucky which took possession of a printing press
and sent it off into a neighboring State. Mobs
may arise everywhere. But I have heard that it
is seriously the intention of the President of the
United States to issue a formal proclamation to
all the naval and military forces to hold themselves
in readiness to put down this mob of the negroes
in Boston. I trust it is not true. I trust that the
President will leave the execution of the laws in
Boston to the silent regulation of the good people
of Boston themselves; for the President may be
assured that if the moral sentiment of the people
among whom the laws are to be enforced is not
sufficient to enforce them, they cannot be enforced,
ft is not in the power of the Army and Navy of
the United States to enforce this law in Boston
unless the people of Massachusetts sustain the
law. You must rely upon that, or your case is
