600
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 19,
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I have but a
word to add in reply to the Senator from Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. Davis.] He has referred to a re-
mark of mine, in relation to which I wish to be
correctly understood. I do not know whether I
used the precise expression which the honorable
Senator imputed to me. I did mean, however,
that it should be understood that there was a prev-
alent sentiment in Massachusetts in opposition
to the stringent provisions of this law. The Sen-
ator proceeds to infer from that, that that senti-
ment will array itself in measures of violence
against the law. I make no such deduction from
any facts within my knowledge. On the con-
trary, I will venture to predict that all these specu-
lations in regard to the employment of the forces
of the United States to execute this law in Massa-
chusetts are wholly unnecessary and wholly un-
called for. That law is offensive to the people of
Massachusetts for reasons which I could state if
the time and the circumstance would permit. You
know very well, sir, that I voted against the law.
You know very well that I had strong objections
to it, as many other gentlemen here also had.
These objections are felt elsewhere. But when
you come to the question of the execution of the
Jaw, I apprehend that no troops, no aid, no as-
sistance from the Government of the United States
will be found necessary in the city of Boston, or
any other portion of Massachusetts. There may
be mobs; mobs spring up in all portions of the
country. Opposition to measures which do not
commend themselves to the public judgment or
the public mind oftentimes create an array of this
description-, but then there is beneath all this a
public opinion prevailing that this is not the mode
to settle questions of that description. I rely on
that opinion in the Commonwealth of Massachu-
setts. I rely upon the good sense and the good
judgment of the people in all these matters, and I
"know that I am not mistaken in the estimate I
place upon that public opinion and that public
judgment. I know that if they wish the repeal of
this law, or an alteration of its provisions, they
will seek it by other means and by other meas-
Ycra win therefore be pleased to form a detachment from
the volunteers, who have associated in the State of Penn-
sylvania, and been accepted by the President, as a part of
the provisional army, to consist of the two volunteer com-
panies of cavalry of the city of Philadelphia, to which you
will add two or more of the troops of militia cavalry of the
game city, now under orders to hold themselves in readi-
ness to march, go as to compose a body of two hundred and
forty horse, including non-commissioned officers, and pro-
ceed with the detachment, without delay, to the theatre of
insurrection. ********
It is left entirely to your discretion to determine upon
your place or places of rendezvous, which should be such
as are best calculated to enable the troops that may be sta-
tionary to defend themselves in case of attack, and also to
aid as effectually as possible your parties of horse in their
transit to and from their points of departure.
You will have observed tliat it is designed to give to the
volunteer and mililia cavalry selected by your principal
agency in suppressing the existing combinations against the
laws, and of quelling an insurrection and rebellion against
the Government and rightful authority of their country, at a
time when its sovereignty and liberties are threatened by a
powerful, implacable, and insidious nation, who have been
accustomed to divide and conquer other nations. It is not
doubted, therefore, but that they will exhibit a useful ex-
ample upon this service of military promptitude, spirit,
vigilance, discipline, and obedience of orders.
To be prepared for adverse contingencies, it will be proper
that you continue the orders for holding themselves in
readiness to march, at the shortest notice, to the volunteer
companies and militia not immediately called into actual
service.
To cover the active operations of the volunteer and
militia cavalry, a company of infantry, tinder Captain Shoe-
maker, and a company of artillerists, under Captain Irwin,
ftom Carlisle, Pennsylvania, have been ordered to march
and rendezvous at Reading; and a company of artillerists
at Fort Mifflin, intended to rendezvous at the same place,
is under orders to march at the shortest notice. Two com-
panies of artillerists from New York, and a party of infan-
try recruits under Lieutenant Boote, supposed about thirty,
from New Brunswick, New Jersey, have been ordered to
march to Newtown, Pennsylvania: these latter troops are
on the establishment of the United States, expected to arrive
at their first places of rendezvous on or about the 23d inst.,
and subject to your orders, to be stationed where their
presence can produce the best effects, and employed in case
circumstances should require their actual cooperation with
the volunteers and militia.
If rebellion should require a strength demanding further
force, you are, using a sound discretion, and keeping econo-
my in view, fully authorized by the President to call into
actual service the whole or any part of the volunteer and
militia companies that have been ordered to be held in
readiness in the States of Pennsylvania and New Jersey.
**********
I have the honor tota, with great respect, sir, vour most
obedient humble servant, JAMES McHENRY.
William MacPherson, Esq., Brigadier General.
ures than a violent array against the strength of J
this Government, or any other Government, on a
question of that sort. The days of the Revolution
and the days of Shay's rebeflion have gone by.
The people have learned by long experience and
by long practice that there is a wiser, a better, and ■
a bloodless remedy for all measures of this sort,
to which they may resort, and to which they will
resort whenever m their judgment an occasion ;
arises, and it will be in vain to endeavor to pre-
vent them from resorting to it.
While I oppose this law, and while I object to
many of its provisions, I do not object to what I
believe to be a suitable and proper law to execute
this provision of the Constitution. On the con-
trary, I would cheerfully vote for such a measure as
has been shadowed forth by several gentlemen who
have occupied places on this floor, and I may say,
without going into the subject, that the people of
the free States have felt that it is an imputation
upon them to deny to them the privilege of trying
a question of this sort, as they try all their ques-
tions, by a jury of their own. They feel that it
casts a shade of distrust upon their fidelity and
upon their integrity. Well, you can measure the
weight of that sentiment of honor, and every gen-
tleman can feel the consideration and regard to
which it is entitled. He can estimate how much
more probability there is of the peaceable execu-
tion of a law that should show by its terms and
provisions that confidence was placed in their fidel-
ity, in their integrity, and in their attachment to
the Union. But I forbear entering into this subject.
I do not desire to go into these arguments. There
may come a time when a calmer state of the public
sentiment will exist, when these measures can be
examined with candor and impartiality; when that
time comes I shall not despair of satisfying this
Senate that a wiser and better law might be made
on this subject.
Mr. COOPER. I wish to detain the Senate a
single moment as to a*natter of fact. The troops
organized to put down what is known as the
whiskey insurrection in Pennsylvania were from
the States of Virginia, Maryland, and New Jer-
sey. The rendezvous was at Carlisle. General
Washington himself went to Carlisle. From
thence the troops were dispatched to the western
portion of the State, where resistance had been
made to the law. I merely rise to state this in
answer to my friend from Mississippi, [Mr. Da-
vis,] who supposed that the rebellion was put down
by the militia of the State of Pennsylvania alone.
The principal force undoubtedly was a force of
militia from the State of Pennsylvania, but there
were also regiments from Virginia, Maryland, and
"New Jersey.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I would nsk the
Senator if those troops ever marched to the scene
of action ?
Mr. COOPER. They marched from Carlisle
as far west as Bedford. Further than that they
did not go, I believe.
Mr. CASS. They crossed the mountains under
the command of General Lee, of Virginia.
Mr. FOOTE. One of the paragraphs which I
have read contained a clear historical statement of
the facts referred to by the honorable Senator from
Pennsylvania.
Mr. BRADBURY. ThehonorableSenator from
Mississippi [Mr. Davis] has expressed the opinion
that certain laws of the United States cannot be
executed in the northern States. I think it due to
the State I in part represent to say that, so far as
the honorable Senator's remark applies to the
State of Maine, I have no doubt ne is entirely
mistaken. The laws of the United States ever
have been, and can, and will be maintained within
that State.
The resolution was then adopted.
REDUCTION OF POSTAGE.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
to reduce and modify the rates of postage in the
United States and to provide for the .coinage of a
three-cent piece, upon which a debate arose which
will be given in the Appendix. Without dispos-
ing of the bill,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 19, 1851.
The House met at eleven o'clock. The Journal
of yesterday was read and approved.
On motion by Mr. TAYLOR, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the petition and
papers of Richard Wulden.
Mr. BAYLY obtained the floor, but yielded to
Mr. DISNEY, who said that when he left the
House last night, he had no idea that the river
and harbor bill would be brought to a vote. He
was exceedingly desirous to be placed on the rec-
ord, and would ask the conset of the House to
' give him the privilege of voting against the bill.
; Objections being made, the request was not
. granted.
! Mr. BAYLY moved that the rules be suspended,
! and the House resolve itself into Committee of the
i Whole on the state of the Union, to enable him
to move to take up the deficiency bill.
Mr. BURT moved to take up the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER stated the regular order of bus-
j iness to be the call of committees for reports;
. when
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, to which was referred
that part of the annual message of the President
of the United States relative totheNavy, and sun-
dry memorials of citizens proposing to establish a
line of communication by steamships between the
United States and Asia, made a report thereon,
accompanied by a bill to authorize the establish-
ment of a line of mail steamers between Califor-
nia and China, and for other purposes; which
was read a first and second time by its title.
Mr. S. said, as this bill made no appropriation,
and would lead to littlediscussion,hehopedit would
belaid upon the Speaker's table, and go among
the orders of the day.
The SPEAKER stated that the only disposi-
tion which could be made of it would be to move
to postpone its consideration until some specified
future day.
Mr. STANTON then moved to postpone its
consideration urflil Monday next.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, moved to lay
the bill upon the table.
Mr. PHELPS demanded the yeas and nays
upon the motion, but subsequently withdrew it
at the request of several members.
Mr. JONES suggested that the bill be post-
poned till the 4th of March next.
Mr. BURT asked the gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Stephens] to withdraw his motion, so as to
enable him to make a motion to recommit the bill.
Mr. STEPHENS said he wished to dispose of
the bill as speedily as possible. He was opposed
to the bill, out and out, and it was for that reason
that he moved to lay it upon the table. He pre-
1 ferred to dispose of it at once.
| Mr. HALL demanded the yeas and nays upon
the motion to lay the bill upon the table; and tney
were ordered.
The question was then taken, and resulted—
yeas 68, nays 91—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Alston, Anderson, Ashe, Averett,
Bennett, Bingham, Bokee, Bowlin,Boyd, Burrows, Butler,
Joseph Cable, G. A. Caldwell, Cleveland, Conger, Crowell,
Daniel, Deberry, Dimmick, Dunham, n. Evans, Feather-
ston, Giddings, Goodenow, Gorman, Hall, Hamilton, Haral-
son, I. G. Harris, T. L. Harris, Hibbard, Howard, Hunter,
J. W. Jackson, Andrew Johnson, Jones, Julian, Littlefield,
Marshall, McClernand,McGaughey, McMullen. McQueen,
Meacbam, D. F. Miller, Morris, Morrison, Olds, Orr, Otis,
Outlaw, Peaslee, Peck, Phelps, Potter, Putnam, Richard-
son,Boot, Ross, Sawtelle, A. H. Stephens, Strong, Toombs,
Whittlesey, Wildrick, Wilmot, and Young—68.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Andrews, Ash-
man, Bayly, Beale, Breck, Brisbin, Brooks, Burt, Calvin,
Cartter, Casey, Chandler, Clarke, Williamson R. W. Cobb,
Cole, Corwin, Dixon, Doty, Duncan, Edmundson, Eliot,
Alexander Evans, Fitch, Fowler, Freedley, Gilbert, Gott,
Grinnell, Hammond, Hampton, Harlan, Hay, Haymond,
Hebard, Holladay, Howe, William T. Jackson, James L-
Johnson, Gen. G. King, J. G. Kingt J. A. King, La Sire,
Leffler. Levin, H. Mann, J. Mann, McDonald, McDowell,
Meade, Millson, Moore, Morse, Morton, Nelson, Newell,
Parker, Penn, Phcenix, Powell, Reed, Risley, Robbins,
Robinson, Rockwell, Rose, Rumsey, Schenck, Schermer-
liorn. Schoolcraft, Seddon, Silvester, Spaulding, Sprague,
Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton. Richard H. Stanton, Stetson,
Sweetser, Taylor, Underbill. Van Dyke, Vinton, Walden,
Waldo, Watkins, Went worth, White, Williams, and
Wright—91.
Mr. BOCOCK said: He was not in the House
| when his name was called, but he found his name
recorded in the affirmative. He said that he
should not have voted in the affirmative, if at all,
,, and therefore asked that his vote might be re-
\ corded in the negative, or stricken out.
;i His vote was stricken out.
