1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
601
Mr. HALL moved that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER said that motion would not be
in order until the motion to postpone the bill was
disposed of.
The question then recurred upon the motion of
the gentleman from Tennessee, to postpone the
further consideration of the bill till Monday next.
Mr. McLANE asked if the previous question
had been ordered.' >
The SPEAKER said it had not.
Mr. HALL moved to commit the bill.
The SPEAKER said it was not in order pend-
ing the motion to postpone.
Mr. STANTON withdrew his motion to post-
pone, and moved that the bill be referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. McDONALD said that if it was in order,
he had a word to say.
Mr. SCHENCK asked the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Stanton] to withdraw his mo-
tion, in order to enable him to offer a minority re-
port from the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. STANTON said that if the gentleman from
Ohio has a minority report of the committee ready
to be presented, he would withdraw the motion for
that purpose.
Mr. SCHENCK said he had not that report be-
fore him, but that it was drawn and ready to be
presented; and asked" that it might be considered
as presented, in order that it might go with the re-
port of the majority and the bill to Be printed.
It was so ordered.
The question now being on the motion to com-
mit—
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, said: I regret
very much that I was not present and had not the
opportunity of moving to lay_ this bill upon the
table. If anything could possibly suggest itself
better calculated than another to warn us of the
dangerous nature of these contracts for the estab-
lishment of commercial enterprises by the Gov-
ernment, it would be just such a suggestion as this,
that the National Government should be called
upon to build vessels with which merchants are to
carry goods and merchandise. Sir, we have spent
two or three days in this House with more than
ordinary excitement as to the power of this Govern-
ment to improve certain harbors and rivers. It has
been doubted, and the question has been raised on
this floor, whether we have the power to improve
our own existing channels of commerce, and im-
firove our own existing ways of communication,
n the face of these facts and in the face of the
feeling created in this House by the passage of a
bill which asserted that power, we are invited to
entertain the proposition that the United States
build ships with which merchants shall carry on
a trade with the world. We are invited to estab-
lish an East India Company, and not only to give
th em the exclusive con trol over all other merchan ts,
not only to give them advantages before all other
merchants in this or in any other country, but we
are invited to build ships with which these men
shall carry on a trade with the world. It is a thou-
sand furlongs ahead of any other proposition pre-
sented before Congress.
I have voted ana I will continue to vote to give
a liberal donation—a liberal sum of money to carry
the mails between New York and Liverpool, be-
tween other cities and foreign countries, where
foreign countries have established lines. I can
very well conceive that the nations of Europe
would establish lines from our coasts to points in
Europe—lines of armed naval steamers, which
woula be ready to act on the offensive. There
may be a propriety in exercising the war power in
this country, and in establishing lines in competi-
tion with these foreign lines, or exclusive post office
lines. The proposition for establishing the line
in Mr. Polk's time, invited this country to com-
pete with the Cunard line. The carrying of post
office matter was introduced as incidental; the other
lines were exclusive post office contracts. But, sir,
it was the judgment and policy of that Administra-
tion to refer these contracts to the naval power,
and to. the post office power directly. Though
we have imperfectly accomplished our purpose—
though the contracts that had existed were loosely
made, yet so long as they are executed in good
faith, I, for one, am willing to stand by those con-
tracts and sustain them. I will maintain them
against the world, if need be. I am quite willing
to gee this Government interposing to protect its
citizens against the monopolies established by
Great Bntian, Prance, or any other foreign
country.
Mr."STRONG. I rise to a point of order. I
believe there is no motion pending before this
House, and therefore the debate is out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. There is a motion to refer
the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and to print; so the gentle-
man is in order.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland. I Was about to
say, when interrupted by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Strong,1 that this line was
established to compete with the lintes established
by foreign countries—our line to California, Mex-
ico,the "West Indies, and Liverpool—and when we
have entered upon that policy and are willing to
maintain it, we are invited to go into an enterprise
of a totally different character, involving a venr
great monopoly, to be established by law. It
would be bad enough if this line of ships, run-
ning from various points upon our coast to differ-
ent points in the world, is to be monopolized by
favored contractors, even if they built their own
ships. But when we are invited to build these
ships, the proposition is without excuse; and a
more latitudinous construction of the powers of
this Government could not be conceived. This
line professes to go from the Chesapeake bay. I
am as much interested there as any man upon this
floor. I represent the principal commercial city on
the bay. But I repudiate this proposition. I repu-
diate this pretension that the line is to be established
for the Chesapeake bay. So much of it as relates
to the Atlantic, is but a shield and a veil to cover
up the monopoly which it proposes to establish
upon the Pacific. That is it. The essence—the
material essence of this proposition is, that the
United States Government shall build ships for
Mr. Thompson and his associates, that they may
monopolize the trade with China and San Francisco.
At a moment when our people are flocking to San
Francisco by hundreds artd thousands—at a mo-
ment when the steamers plying between San Fran-
cisco andNew York are loaded with immense sums
of gold—at a moment when American capital is
carried to San Francisco to build ships, with which
to command the trade on the Pacific, this Govern-
ment interposes to rule them out, and confer these
advantages upon some especial monopolies, for
whom it proposes to build these ships. This is
the scheme. This is the proposition presented by
the Naval Committee, not entirely to build the
ships, but to go into building them as principal
proprietors, and to give credit to the extent as
will enable them to use the credit of the Govern-
ment for their affairs. I owe the House an apol-
ogy for detaining them fifteen minutes upon this
subject. Had I been in my seat when the motion
to lay upon the table was made, I should have
contested the privilege to make a motion to lay
the bill upon the table. Had I succeeded in the
effort, I would not have trespassed upon the time
of the House. We have had occasion within
the last few days for the strict constructionists
of the Constitution—the non-users of doubtful
powers. 1
Mr. BAYLY. ' Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a single question ? Is there any doubt
about the power of the Government to support
and maintain the Navy? '
Mr. McLANE. I was about to come to that
very point. Do I understand that my friend from
1 Virginia [Mr Batlt] asks the adoption of this
bill ? I had no idea that he could be found an ad-
vocate of any such scheme. I heard of no vote of
his upon this question. It never entered into my
mind, because this line is to be established on the
Chesapeake, that I should find the gentleman from
Virginia interested in it, and that he would stretch
the navy power so far ad to build ships for the
purpose of commanding trade on the Pacific.
Such an idea never entered into my mind. The
gentleman from Virginia, who is a strict construc-
tionist, regarded me as a tip-top Democrat until
he found me voting for the improvement of rivers
and harbors.. |
Mr. BAYLY never gave votes that he was not I
prepared to defend here or elsewhere, but at this
late period of the session, he should not take up ;
the time of the House with a speech against the ]
motion to lay the bill on the table. i
| Mr. McLANE. I have a proposition which I
have been instructed to present to this House from
merchants and commercial men of Baltimore, to
establish a line, I believe, to Europe, China, and
the Rio. It never entered into their minds that
the United States should build their ships. They
would only ask the ordinary post office contract;
that is, the privilege of carrying mails, and to get
paid for it, and they would submit to the discre-
tion of Congress what they should receive for it.
They are willing to takeprecisely what, in the dis-
cretion of Congress, they may think the service is
worth. They are willing to take precisely what
Congress may think it worth for carrying the mail
from Baltimore to Liverpool and the Mediterra-
nean. They would not like to see their Repre-
sentative sit still, when a proposition was intro-
duced into this House for the purpose of estab-
lishing a great monopoly on the Pacific, because a
, steamer was to run occasionally from Norfolk.
Mr. MEADE. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. McLanb] to tell me the real
difference between paying three times the amount
necessary for paying the mail service in the Cu-
nard line to enable that company to build these
, steamers, to keep a line between New York and
i Europe, and that of paying them the amount that
\ the vessel is worth ?
i Mr. McLANE. I will answer the gentleman
J with pleasure.
I Mr. MEADE. Does the gentleman understand
the question distinctly ? Whether there is any dif-
ference between paying an equivalent to enable
' the proprietor of a vessel to carry the mail from
New York to Liverpool, or the same equivalent
for the building of those vessels?
' Mr. McCLERNAND. The gentleman from
j Virginia [Mr. Meade] thinks we have a right to
| advance sums of money to contractors for the pur-
: pose of transporting the mails bf the United States;
in other words, that they paid them when they ad-
vanced the money, that they might build ships to
transport the mails. I wish to ask him what con-
sistency there was in taking this view, and the re-
fusal to grant land to build a railroad when those
who built the road bound themselves to carry the
mails ? Are not the cases precisely alike, and do
they not stand on precisely the same principle ? If
the gentleman is correct in one position, he must
acquiesce in the other.
Mr. MEADE. I answer the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. McClernand,} that if the Govern-
ment grants a quantity of land for the construc-
tion of a railroad with a view of obtaining the
valueof theservice, that is rightand constitutional.
But if, under the pretence of carrying the mails, the
Government grants five times the amount of lands
that the railroad is worth—that the construction
of the road would cost—it would be an entirely
different case, and would be unconstitutional, in
my opinion. The manner in which Government
now pays for carrying the mail from New York to
Liverpool, is an appropriation to the company
who have the contract, to enable them to build
their ships, and to keep up their lines to the ex-
clusion of others.
' Mr. McLANE. The gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Meade,] in the course of his remarks, de-
sires to know the difference between this proposi-
tion presented by the Naval Committee, ana the
Cunard and Collins contract? There is this dif-
ference. Let me take as an illustration the case
ofa road which has been referred to by gentlemen
in the course of this debate. I do not claim a
right to make the road on which to carry the mails.
It is clearly not within the meaning of the Consti-
tution, which gives this Government a right to
make this road—that would be really establishing
a system of internal improvement. It is the very
essence of strict construction that you can nfake a
contract to carry the moils on a road. But that it
would be clearly a violation of the Constitution to
make the road itself, upon which to carry the
mails. If it would be a departure from the Con-
stitution to make a road on which to carry the
mail, then I submit it would be equally so to make
and build a steamboat for the" purpose of carrying
the mail. You can build a steamboat for war pur-
poses—you can hire a Bteamboat when built for
military or naval purposes, or for carrying the
mail.
Mr. MEADE. The gentleman has not an-
swered my question. I am sure that he did not
intentionally avoid doing so, and therefore think
