602
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 19,
that he must have misunderstood me. I say we
have the power to pay eui adequate price to the
Collins line to carry the mail from New York to '
Liverpool. I ask the gentleman to tell me the '
difference between building a vessel for that com-
pany, and paying such an extravagant price for
carrying the mail as will enable them to build their
vessels ? W e all know that the appropriation for
this Collins line was intended for that purpose.
Mr. McLANE. I understood the gentleman's
question perfectly, and I have answered it already.
But he did not apprehend the answer, perhaps. If
he had given attention to my remarks, he would
have apprehended my reasoning. I will go back
to that single point in question. Mr. Collins, or
Mr. Anybody else, have sufficient capital for build-
ing ships in New York, so as to compete with Mr.
Cunara and the British Government in building
mail steamers. This Government desires to enter
iato a contract for carrying the mail with the
steamers, and not with ships. They come into
market and offer proposals to the lowest bidder
who will build steamers to carry the mail. You
will find that the Government caonot get a bid for
less than the sum now paid to Mr. Collins, and
cannot even get a kid for the same sum which is
now paid to that gentleman, and they will be called
upon to pay more than the Government pays Col-
lins now. Mr. Collins has said that he cannot
carry the mail forthe price which is now paid him.
And the effect will be, that the Government will
have to choose between giving him his price or
give him up the contract for carrying mails in
steamers, and leave the field to the Cunard line;
for the Government pays no more than what the
•ervice is worth—they cannot get it carried for less.
That is my answer. Does the gentleman under-
stand it ?
Mr. MEADE. I understand the gentleman to
deny my premises. Granting his premises, his
answer may be right. I know fiis premises are
not right and correct, that this amount of money
is applied to enable this line to carry on a compe-
tition with the Cunard line. Why should we
build steamers to compete with other lines, if we
cannot compete with this line, or any other line ?
If we cannot compete with the Cunara line, how
caa we do so with the line to San Francisco ?
Mr. CARTTER. Will the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. McLawe] yield me the floor, to
«nable me to move that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the I
Union ?
Mr. McLANE. I cannot, for I prefer to go on !
with this discussion. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Meade] concedes all. He says we
pay this line for carrying the mail, that it may
successfully compete with the Cunard line, and
that you cannot carry the mail by the Cunard line,
because we want to carry our own mail. This is
the policy of our Government. We cannot enter
into a contract with Mr. Cunard, because the
policy of the British Government prevents us. I
have met the issue directly, and now, will the gen-
tleman answer it, if he pleases ?
. Mr. MEADE. I want to knowfrom my friend
from Maryland, if it is not the policy of this Gov-
ernment, in paying this amount to Mr. Collins, to
enable the Government to have at their command
a class of war steamers to compete with other
nations ? If that enters into the consideration of
the price paid to the Collins line, that is certainly
one of great importance,
Mr. McLANE. No doubt this formed an in-
ducement for seeking a mail contract with steamers
instead of sailing ships; but I have disposed of
this question. I have taken up the time too long.
The gentleman 's position is as I have substantially
stated. This proposition is made here to build
ships which shall run to San Francisco, China,
and the Rio.
Mr. SEDDON said: I wish to ascertain, with
the indulgence of the gentleman from Maryland,
what principle induces this new-found zeal on his |
part against expenditures, by the General Govern- !
ment. I ask him directly, if, in the case of the j
Collins line, and every other scheme of foreign i
steam lines to which this Government has afforded
countenance and aid, it has not made large ad- 1
vances with direct purpose to aid in the construc-
tion and equipment of the steamers ? Such I ;
understand to lie the undoubted fa^. Now, what
^distinction in principle can be' made between the <
advances heretofore made in other cases by the I
Government and that contemplated in the present
scheme, when, with greater caution than has
heretofore prevailed, the most ample security is
exacted for the reimbursement to the Government
of every cent advanced? No distinction in prin-
ciple can be pretended. If, indeed, the gentleman
will take the broad ground that this Government
has no right to engage in any external postal ar-
rangements, and cannot with propriety tie mixed
up in any of these foreign steam enterprises, then
he will have a foundation of principle to rest on,
in which it is not improbable he will have the con-
currence and support of the genuine strict con-
structionists—the men who disclaim all doubtful
powers, and would restrict the action of the Gov-
ernment to ths few great and simple ends of com-
mon beneficence for which it was created. But
admit broadly, as the gentleman does, the power
of such external arrangements, and the obligation
to extend aid to foreign steam lines of adequate
importance, then, sir, the determination to what
enterprises and to what extent aid shall be afforded
becomes one of mere expediency and wise discre-
tion. In this view, 1 must say, if this policy of the
Government be settled and must prevail, no scheme
has or can be presented more liberal and wise in
its ends and its means, nor which, from the great
interests of the present and fast-opening future it
subserves, from the wide fields of commerce and
intercourse it opens to American enterprise, and
from the extended relations of reciprocal benefit it
establishes with many of the most productive re-
gions of the earth, appeals more strongly to the
countenance and fostering care of the Government
than the enlarged scheme now under consideration.
I ask the gentleman emphatically to give the prin-
ciple,^ any, of his opposition ?
Mr. McLANE. I am not going to take issue
with the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Seddon.]
I am not going to take issue with him as to the
right of this Government to carry its mails by the
steamers. I do not question its authority to do
so, nor do I deny that such mail service may, to
some extent, relieve our naval expenditure and
naval establishment. The gentleman suggested
a distinction between advances made to certain
lines and the actual construction by Government
j of steamers to be sailed by private merchants. A
! word upon this point. I did what was in my power
i to confine these advances within certain limits, and
to provide proper checks. I was entreated on all
, sides not to insist upon a refusal of the advances,
; because, as was contended, it would destroy the
! system of contracts. The contract was made.
The proposition which received my support was
for an advance of a year's pay, with full security
that the services should be performed. It was a
totally different one from that of building a ship.
For this advance of a year's pay, the ships were
offered as security that the services should be per-
formed. It was with great reluctance that I voted
to sustain the proposition from the Committee of
Ways and Means. I accepted of it, however, in
a shape satisfactory to myself. I submit to my
friend from Virginia, [Mr. Seddon,] that the dis-
tinction between the cases referred to is very gre^t.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, said: As the
morning hour has expired, I move that the House
proceed to the consideration of the business on the
Speaker's table.
Mr. BAYLY hoped that the motion would be
voted down; and if it was, he should then move
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The question was then taken on Mr. Stephens's
motion, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY then moved that the rules be sus-
pended , and that the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, on
the general appropriation bills; which motion was
agreed to, and the House accordingly resolved it-
self into Committee of the Whole on the state of
Union,, (Mr. McCliermand in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the
DEFICIENCY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the question was
upon concurring in the amendments of the Senate, j
The amendments of the Senate to the bill are as
follows: t j
No. 1. To insert in the bill, " For contingent expenses of
the office of Indian Affairs, $922 05."
No. 2. To strike out " For thirty-aevea temporary clerks
in the office of the Commissioner of Pensions, required in
consequence ofthe passage of the act of the 28th September,
1850, from 1st October, 1850, to 30th Jun,-, 1851, one clerk
at the rate of $1,600 per annum, one clerk at the rate of
$1,400 per annum, and for thirty-five clerks at $3 33 per
day,$34,068 15," ami to insert in lieu thereof the following:
" For temporary clerks in the Pension Office, in addition to
the balance of appropriations now on hand, $32 933 27:
Provided, That said temporary clerks shall not be allowed
more than $3 33,'S per day."
No. 3. Insert in the bill as follows : " For the payment to
the Cherokee nation of the amount due under the ninth ar-
ticle of the treaty of6th August, 18-lfi, as ascertained by the
proper accounting officers pursuant to the resolution of
Congress of 7th August, 1848, and on amount paid to agents
and others employed bv the Government in earning out
the provisions of the treaty with the Chcrokees of'183.1-'6,
^724,603 37 ; and interest on the above sum at the rate of
hve per cent, per annum from the 12th day of June, 1838,
until paid, shall be paid to them out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated; but no interest shall
be paid after the 1st of April, 1851, if any portion of the
money is then left undrawn by the said Cherokees: Provi-
ded, however, That the sum now appropriated shall be con-
sidered as a final settlement of all claims under the treaties
with the Cherokees of 1835-'6 and 1846, and no part thereof
shall be paid to the said Cherokees until they bind them-
selves, in some mode deemed sufficient by the Secretary nf
the Interior, to make no further claims against the United
States, under the said treaties, for removal, subsistence,
spoliations, rents, preemptions, reservations, ferries, or for
any other matter growing out of transactions under those
treaties."
No. 4. Strike out "For the pay of Texas volunteers,
called into service by requisition of Brevet Major General
Brooke, .$15fi,424," and in lieu thereof insert the following:
" For the pay ot the several companies, and the expenses
of the three companies of Texas volunteers, called into the
service by requisition of Brevet Major General Brooke,
$236,934 34."
No. 5. Insert as follows: " For expenditures incident to
the issue of the $10,000,000 of stock for Texan indemnity,
§10,000."
No. 6. Strike from the paragraph appropriating $75,000
1 for reimbursing the State of Florida, the words " For ex-
penses actually paid for eight companies of volunteers and
militia, called out by Governor Mosely in July and Au-
. gust, 1849," and insert in lieu thereof the following: " under
such rules and regulations as have heretofore governed the
adjustment of similar claims of the several States on the
United States for moneys advanced and paid, and for ex-
penses incurred, and obligations contracted by said States
for subsistence, supplies, and services of local troops called
into service during the year 1849, by and under the authori-
ties of said States."
j No. 7. To strike out " $18,410 80," and insert " $35,-
530 20," in the appropriation for the pay and expenses of
four companies of volunteers, called into the service of tho
United States by Brevet Lieutenant Colonel Washington,
in New Mexico, in the year 1849.
The amendments having been read,
Mr. BAYLY said: I would suggest to the Chair
that the Committee of Ways and Means have had
these Senate amendments under consideration, and,
with one exception, unanimously recommended
their adoption. Most of them propose to reduce
the appropriations made in the original bill. I
would suggest, therefore, to the Committee, that
we take up the amendment of the Committee of
Ways and Means. It has reference to the appro-
priations made for the Cherokee Indians.
The CHAIRMAN said that course would be
pursued if there was no objection.
Mr. BURT. I should be very glad to ooncur
with the chairman of the- Committee of Ways
and Means [Mr. Bayly} in any measure for the
early dispatch of this bill, but it Strikes me as a
little extraordinary to talk of adopting Senate
amendments without their being read out at all.
I have the highest respect for that committee, but
I cannot think it judicious to adopt those amend-
ments without even hearing them read.
Mr. BAYLY. I would suggest that the amend-
ments of the Committee of Ways and Means be
first read and disposed of, and then I have no
objection to the Senate amendments being read."
Mr. BURT. I hope the usual course will be
pursued. . I ask that the Senate amendments be
reported to the committee. ,
The Clerk was then proceeding to read the
Senate amendments, when
Mr. VINTON (interrupting) said: I believe the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
has an amendment to offer to the bill. I would ask
that that amendment be read.
Mr. BURT. If the Chair will allow me, I will
suggest that the Usual course pursued is to read
the first amendment, and if there be no_ amend-
ment, then report the next. I think it is neces-
sary to read the amendments separately.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understood the
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Port] to
request the Senate amendments to be read.
Mr. BURT. Only one at a time.
Mr. VINTON. I would suggest that the amend-
ments cannot be acted upon in accordance with the
