1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOfeE.
usual course of the committee except to take them i
up one at a time.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the gen- 1
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton] is correct.
Mr. VINTON. I now propose that the Clerk
return to the first amendment and report it to the !
committee.
The first and second amendments of the Senate
were severally read and agreed to.
The third amendment of the Senate having been
read,
TheCH AIRMAN stated that the question would
be first on the proposition of the Committee of
Ways and Means to strike out said amendment
and to insert the following:
" For payment to the Cherokee nation, the sum of
•724,603 37, and interest on the above sum at th« rate of
nve per centum per annum, ftom twelfth day of June,
eighteen handled and thirtr-eight, on til paid, shall be paid
10 them out of any Qaoney in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated. But no iuterest shall be paid after the first
of April, eighteen hundred and fifty-one, if an}- portion of
the money is then left nndrawn' by the said fTierokees:
iwtMr, Ttatthe sura now appropriated shall be
in ftill satisfaction, and a final settlement of all claims and
demands wbatsover, of the Cherokee nation against the
UWted States, under any treat)' heretofore made with the
Cherokee*. And the said Cherokee nation shall, on the
nnyanent of nid stun of money, execute and deliver to the
United States a full and final discharge for all claims and
demands whatsoever on the United States, except for such
annuities in money, or specific articles of property, as the
United States may be bound by any treaty to pay lo said
Cherokee nation; and except, also, such moneys and lands,
if any, as the United States hold in trust for said Cher- ,
okees: ~1nd proti/W, hirtkrr, That the money appro pri- '
ated in this item shall be paid in strict conformity with the
treaty with said Indians, of sixth August, eighteen (Kin-
dred and forty-six."
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, said: This
amendment relates to the Cherokee Indiana. For I
myself, I can see but little difference between this |
amendment and the one reported by the Senate to j
this House. 1 have no objection to this amend- '
ment to the amendment. As far as lean see, they
are about six of one and half a dozen of the other.
As these Indians are in the neighborhood of my
own State, I shall, in- some measure, represent
their interest upon this floor. It is for this rea-
son that I have taken this opportunity for making
these remarks.
I do not know whether I correctly understood
the effect of the proviso which is inserted in this
amendment. It seems to me it may be so con-
strued as to not only cut them off from their just
rights as a nation, but even destroy their right of
public property. They are willing that the settle-
ment should be made, if it does not deprive them
of their just rights. I would ask the Committee of
Ways and Means if there is not a condition in the
amendment which absolutely precludes them from
all claims whatsoever upon this Government?
Mr. BAYLY. The design of the proviso was
Srecisely as the gentleman understands it. We
esigned to pay them this sum as a settlement of
their demands upon the Government in full. We
did not want them to come here with any more
claims upon the Government.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not wish to say any-
thing further upon the subject at this time.
Mr. MEADE was understood to a k if the
Cherokee Indians were allowed interest upon their
claims against the Government ?
Mr. JOHNSON referred the gentleman from
Virginia to his colleague, the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Batlt,] for an
answer.
Mr. BAYLY. By the treaty of 1846, we agreed
with, these Indians to refer the matter to the Sen-
ate, as to whether they should be allowed interest
upon their claims. The Senate decided that they 1
were entitled to receive interest; and I suppose |
that, as we chose the Senate ourselves to decide
the matter, we are bound to abide by the decision
of our own arbitrators.
Mr. SCHENCK was understood to inquire
whether the amendment passed by the Senate, or
the one recommended by the Committee of Ways
and Means, contains this proviso? and what was
the effect of that proviso ?
Mr. BAYLY was understood to reply, that the
amendment of the Committee of Ways and Means 1
makes the proviso, and that the effect of it was to
provide against all future claims being presented
by those Indians.
Mr. VINTON. It will be noticed, that in the
Senate amendment provision is made for paying
certain appropriations which were provided for in .
certain treaties with the Cherokee Indians enu-
merated in that amendment. In addition to these
there are other treaties—the treaties of 1819 and
1826, out of which grew our difficulties with those
Indians. Now, siri if those Indians have any
claims which come under any other treaties than
those enumerated in the Senate amendment, they
may come here and ask that their claims shall be
paid. Now, the treaty of 1846 provides, among
other things, that the United States shall make a
full and final settlement of all claims which the
Indians have against this Government; that all
obligations should be paid as soon as found to be
due. But, at the same time, the, treaty refers to
the Senate to decide whether they shall be allowed
interest. The Senate have decided that they were
entitled to interest, and inasmuch as this question
was referred to that body by the House, 1 sup-
pose their decision is final upon the subject, though,
if I were to express my opinion upon the subject,
I do.not think they are justly entitled to it; but I
suppose that inasmuch as §enate have deci-
ded it, we have no right to come to that question
at all. I believe the principal and interest of the
claims provided for in this bill amount to about
$1,200,000. Now, the object of this amendment
is, that inasmuch as there has been no settlement
of these claims to this day, to provide for their
final settlement. There are claims of twenty
years standing, and almost every session the In-
dians come here and set two or three hundred
thousand dollars, and sometimes as much as
$800,000, as was the case the last session; but, at
the same time,.there never has been any settlement
with, that nation, as the treaty contemplated.
Now, this proposition, is intended to cover all
these treaties. We think it is better to give them
the full amount of their demands, with interest, and
obtain a final releasement of all. demands, except
those moneys and lands, and I believe stocks,
which the Government hold in trust for . them,
than to let the matter remain as at present., We
gefca release from all claims except for those mo-
neys, stocks, and lands, which the Government
hold in trust for them, and which we are bound
to sell for their benefit. We pay these claims,
and get a final settlement of all claims with these
Indians. I have no doubt that the sum which is
proposed to pay them is more than is justly due.
There is one item of $100,000, which I think
extremely doubtful whether it should be allowed,
from the statement made by the officers them-
selves. But I am satisfied, from past experience,
that we had better pay this money and procure a
final settlement, than to let the matter run on as
it has heretofore..
For one, I am in favor of this amendment, and
I wish it understood, that if it is adopted, and this
money paid, that we are to have no more trouble
from anyclaim&from that quarter; that there is to
be no doing away with it; that they are to be
barred forever against making any demands upon
this Government. If I understand the gentleman
from Arkansas [Mr. Johnson] as protesting
against this being considered as a final settlement,
and if that protest is to mean anything, that is, if
it is to have the effect of preventing this from
being a final settlement, then, sir,I am against the
amendment. But I hope there is no such tinder-
standing. I hope this amendment will be adopted
in good faith, and that this will be a final settle-
ment of the matter.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, spoke briefly in
favor of the settlement of this claim.
Mr. HALL wished to offer an amendment.
The CHAIRMAN stated that an amendment
being pending, it was not in order.
Mr. HALL said that he would then give notice
that, at the proper time, he would offer it. In the
mean time he would make a few remarks in refer-
ence to it< It was a well-known fact to most mem-
bers of the committee, that a few years smee an
act was passed requiring that the Indian annuities
should be paid per capita. Since the'passage of
that act it had been the uniform practice of Gov-
ernment to pay the Indians through their agents
per capita, and that practice had been extended as
well to the Cherokees as to the other Indian tribes
to whom annuities wefe due from the Govern-
ment. He (Mr. H.) was aware that the Chero-
kee Indians were a tribe very far advanced in civil-
ization, and that they were competent to take
care of their own affairs without any interposition
on the part of Government. But at the-same
time, if it was proper for the Government to pay
I thtse Indians their annuities per capita, why not
! pay this money in the same manner?
Mr. VINTON (interposing) said that the mode
in which this payment should be made was pre<-
scribed by the special treaty made with these
Cherokee Indians in 1846, and that if by any
amendment the House should direct a. different
mode of payment from that prescribed by the
treaty, the money might probably have to be paid
over again.
Mr. HALL .(resuming) said, that if upon an
examination of thnt clause of the treaty he should
come to the same conclusion as the gentleman
from Ohio had come to, he should not offer this
amendment, but that inasmuch as he thought that
upon examination it would be found that there
was no greater restriction with regard to this
money than with regard to the annuities, he should
continue his course of remarks.
It was known to the committee that in many
cases where money had been paid by the Govern-
ment to the agents for the Indians and not to the
Indians themselves, the Indians had come here
after the money had been thus paid, and complained
j that tliey had been swindled by these agents, and
I demanded the repayment of the money, and in
i some cases it had been actually repaid. He (Mr.
j H.) very much feared that such would be the re-
I suit in this case if this money was paid in any
i other way than that in which annuities are paid to
! the Indians. And it was for the purpose of pro-
' tecting the Treasury from these double demands
on the part of the Indians, and for the purpose of
! carrying into effect the intention of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, that he should.offer this
amendment.
Mr. EVANS obtained the floor, but yielded it
to
Mr. ASHMUN, who said that in reference to
the remarks that the gentleman from Missouri had
made, if he would look at the act of last year—
; the.Indian appropriation—he would see that the
large appropriations that were to be paid to the
Indians were all of them saddled with this pro-
viso by which they were strictly directed ;to be
paid to the Indians themselves, per capita, and not
to their agents. If that.proviso was wise then, it
was wise at the present time.
Mr. BAYLY said that if the gentleman from
Massachusetts would allow him, he would state that
the treaty of 1846 contained a .provision almost in
the precise terms of the provision of the amend-
ment, that the money should be paid in conformity
with the terms of the treaty. Then the amend-
ment was entirely unnecessary, because it was
required that the payment should be in strict con-
formity with the treaty. Because if this amend-
ment conflicted with the treaty it could not be en-
forced, and if it but expressed the terms of the
treaty it was a useless repetition.
Mr. EVANS said that he thought the commit-
tee were sufficiently enlightened on this point, and
therefore he should say nothing about it. He ob-
served that the Senate had inserted an appropria-
tion in this bill of $236,000 for the pay of Texas
: volunteers, and that that amendment had been ap-
proved by the Committee of Ways and Means.
He asked the attention of the gentleman from
; Texas, [Mr. Howard,] and of the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means, to this mat-
ter, for a few moments. He understood that this
appropriation of $236,000 was for the pay of
Texas volunteers who had been called out for the
1 purpose of repelling Indian incursions against the
people of Texas. When the bill was up at the
last session of Congress for increasing the army
upon the frontier, he (Mr. E.) had advocated it,
and assisted in having it passed. He was sin-
cerely desirous that the citizens of Texas should
be protected against all hostile incursions, and
thaft they should have that protection extended
to them against their savage enemies that ought
to be extended by this Government to all her
citizens.
Since that time, however, he had been informed,
and he believed it to be true, that the State of
Texas is in the habit of taking the lands of the
Indians without extinguishing the Indian titles,
1 or making them any compensation for their lands,
and that the hostilities that are waged by the In-
dians agafcist the people of Texas, grow in a great
measure out of that unjustifiable act on the part
j of the State of Texas. . Now he did not know
>■ a single other State in the Union which had not,
