604
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb 19,
at some time, attempted in some manner to ex-
tinguish the Indian titles, and if it were true that
Texas refused to extinguish the Indian titles, or
to make them any remuneration for their lands,
then she did not stand here with much equity for
her claim. It was true, he said, that a resolution
had been passed paying: the State of Florida for
strrices performed in repelling the incursions of
Indians, and it had been justly paid, because the
Government of the United States had already ex-
tinguished the Indian titles there; but the State of
Texas having exclusive jurisdiction over her pub-
lic lands, and the United States having no author-
ity over those lands, it was her own fault if she
provoked these hostile incursions by such an un-
justifiable act as taking the lands of the Indians
without in any way remunerating them for them.
At the last session of Congress he had voted to
increase the means of protecting the frontier, and
he would willingly ana cheerfully vote any sum
for that purpose, but he did not know at that time
that these Hostilities were, in a great measure,
brought about by the act of Texas herself. He
wished now to inquire of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means whether this
sum of $336,000 was to be paid to Texas for ser-
vices rendered in repelling Indian incursions, or
during the Mexican war?
Mr. BAYLY said that these six companies of
Texan volunteers, whom this appropriation was
intended to pay, were called for by Major-Gen -
eral Brooke, of the United States Army, under the
authority of the United States. And even sup-
posing uiat it were true that the war commenced
in consequence of the injustice of which the gen-
tleman from Maryland spoke, still, irrespective of
the origin of the war, the United States authori-
ties, having had their services, were bound to pay
the volunteers. These volunteers were not re-
sponsible for what Texas had done.
Mr. EVANS (in continuation) did not deny
what the gentleman from Virginia advanced; but
he desired to call the attention of the House to the
fact, (if, indeed, it were a fact,) that Texas took
possession of the Indian lands without extinguish-
ing the Indian titles. And if such were the fact,
it appeared to him (Mr. E.) that Texas having
provoked these attacks and hostilities, should her-
self incur the expense and responsibility of repel- '
ling them. j
Mr. HOWARD. I do not know that I com- !
prebend the reasoning of the gentleman from j
Maryland. I understand him to object to this i
item of appropriation for the payment of the Texas '
volunteers, that the State of Texas, or some of
her citizens, take possession of the land which be-
longs to the Indians, and drive them away with- j
oat making any compensation for the land, or <
extinguishing the Indian title, and that for that rea-
son he would be opposed to the appropriation.
In the first place, I have to answer, that if it were
true, it does not affect the right of the soldier to pay,
who has been called into the service of the United
States according to law, by a requisition of Gen-
era) Brooke on the Governor of Texas. The re-
proach lies rather upofl the Department that this s
money was not long since estimated for and paid. '
In the second place, the gentleman is altogether
mistaken as to the fact of Indian title. Texas is not
liable to the reproach of having taken possession '
of the Indian territory without making compensa-
tion; neither have her citizens intruded upon any
Indian right of occupancy. The State of Texas has
never admitted any rightof occupancy in the Indi-
ans within her borders. Leaving out those who have
encroached upon her from the United States, the
prairie Indians on her borders at present, have no
right of occupancy. The Camanches, and othera,
are mere wandering tribes, who roam from Texas '
to Mexico, and sometimes to the Pacific, in search
of game and plunder. They have no fixed homes
or habitations, and if they had, it would not aifect
the question of their right.
Mexico, like Spain, never admitted any rightof !
occupancy in the Indian. Their laws offered the !
Indians lands, and gave them full title, if they set-
tled under the colonization laws, with the habits
of civilization,and established a home; but denied j
wvright of occupancy in the wild tribes. |
When, therefore, the Republic of Texas acquired :
the public domain of that country, the Indians j
had no right of occupancy, and the gbvernment
has never admitted any in the Indians in Texas
when a part of Mexico, and the othera are mere ;
intruders whom this Government has thrust, or
permitted, to trespass upon us. It is, therefore, a
mistake to say that Texas interfered with any
Indian right or title.
The assertion is equally unfounded, that the In-
dians have been provoked to hostilities, by citizens
of Texas going among them to intrude upon their
possession—such as it is—or interfere with their
property. These savages sweep down through
the line of the settlements between the Nueces and
the Rio Grande, quite to the coast, committing
horrid murders, and carrying oft' horses, mules,
and other stock. In some instances, within a late
period, they have committed these devastations
oetween the San Antonio and the Guadalupe,
nearly to the coast; not because of any claim of
country, or any quarrel growing out of such a
claim, but from the mere love of plunder and
predatory incursion.
Sir, I am not a little astonished that such a re-
proach should be made against my State by the
gentleman from Mainland, who is a member of the
Committee on Military Affairs. It comes, I think,
with a bad grace, when we consider how little
Congress has <|one for the defence of the frontiers
of Texas and New Mexico. Texas is the com-
plaining party against the apathy and negligence
of this Government upon the subject of frontier
defence. The President, General Scott, and nil
the officers of the army on the frontier, have called
for an increase of the army by an addition of two
regiments of cavalry, ana yet nothing has been
done by Congress. There has been a wanton ne-
glect of the frontiers from Texas to California. I
do not blame the Administration on this occasion.
It has spoken out. I do not censure General
Brooke, or the officers on the frontier. I am con-
fident they have performed all within the power of
the force at their command. They have all said
and repeated that the force is totally inadequate to
the service required.
It is true that there was passed through the
Congress at its last session a law for increaffing
the rank and file of the Army and mounting the
infantry, for which I tried to get a substitute for
two regiments of rangers, without success. Gen-
eral Scott has pronounced the law a great injury
to the service. He tells us truly, that it spoils
good infantry and makes bad cavalry. In short,
that it is an utter failure. Every officer in the
Army concurs in the opinion that the measure is
ridiculous and absurd in the last degree. Such was
the measure of defence which Congress adopted
for the frontiers. The frontier is not only ne-
glected with reference to Texas and New Mexico,
but our positive stipulations in the treaty of Hidalgo
to keep the Indians within our limits out of Mexico,
are practically disregarded. It was one of the
considerations for the treaty. It has been made
the subject of a correspondence and official demand
on this Government. It will not be long before
Our tables will be loaded with claims for property
destroyed belonging to the citizens of Mexico, by
forays of Indians proceeding from the United
States. An execution of this treaty would alone
protect the frontiers of Texas and New Mexico
by an adequate force. We are bound to fulfill the
treaty by every principle of justice and humanity.
It will cost much less than the indemnities for a
shameful neglect of treaty obligation. You are
bound by a much higher sanction to protect your
own citizens, cost what it may. Give an ade-
quate force, either of regular cavalry or mounted
raneers.
Mr. TOOMBS made some remarks [which may
be published hereafter,] on the amendment.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the committee rise,
with a view to move a resolution to stop debate.
Mr. CAR ITERhoped thatthecommittee would
not rise; it was an attempt at another Galphin.
Mr. BURT trusted that the gentleman from Vir-
ginia would withdraw his motion, as he was de-
sirous of saying a few words.
Mr. BAYLY said that if he could be sure of
getting the floor again immediately after the gen-
tleman concluded, he might consent, but he had a
public duty to perform. There were ten days left
only, and there were eleven appropriation bills to
be passed, and if so much time were consumed in
discussing this appropriation bill, what might not
be expected when the civil and diplomatic, the
Army, and the Navy appropriation bills came
up?
Mr. CARTTER called the gentleman from Vir-
ginia to order. He believed that debate was not in
order on a motion to rise.
The question was then taken, and decided in
the affirmative.
So thecommittee rose, and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the chairman of the committee
reported progress.
Mr. BAYLY offered the usual resolution to
close debate on the bill pending before the commit-
tee in ten minutes after the House should again
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. BURT moved to amend the resolution by
striking out "ten minutes" and inserting "half
an hour."
Mr. BAYLY demanded the previous question.
The previous question having received a second,
the main question was ordered, which main ques-
tion was first on agreeing to Mr. Burt's amendment
The question being taken, it was decided in the
affirmative.
The question then recurred on agreeing to the
resolution as amended, and, being taken, wps de-
cided in the affirmative.
So the resolution io close debate in half an hour
was agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the House had agreed to the resolution, and
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. VINTON, the rules were
suspended, and the House resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. McClernand in the chair.)
Mr. CARTTER said, that they had been told
by a member of the Committee of Ways and
Means, who would vote for the appropriation, that
he was satisfied that the claim was not due; that
it was an interest account—an interest account
upon a claim that was never liquidated; that it was
an interest account without any principle upon
which to base it. How did it happen that it had
passed the Senate and been forced through the com-
mittee, in the face of such a statement as that? A
statement that had been made, too, by a gentleman
always liberal in paying the debts of Government ?
It was because it had been carried by the interven-
tion of claims agents; and now, for the purpose
of rewarding these agents, this proposition was
introduced in connection with the appropriation
which was designed to be paid directly to the In-
dians—designed, he understood, to justify resist-
ance to that mode of payment, on the ground that
these agents ought to bepaid.
The gentleman from Georgia contends, as I un-
derstand him, that the only way to control these
Indians is to exterminate them, and the only way
to accomplish that object is to pay this money to
the agents.
Mr. VINTON asked the gentleman from Ohio
to yield him the floor.
Mr. CARTTER said that he was not alluding
to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vivton,] but ot
the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs.]
Mr. VINTON said that it appeared to him that
the gentleman from Ohio, his colleague, misappre-
hended what he had said, as well as the nature of
the amendment. That amendment provided that
the money should be paid to the Indians per capita,
and not to the agents.
Mr. CARTTER (in continuation) said, that he
believed that if the money were paid into the
hands of claim agents, it would be necessary that
Government should provide some protection, that
the Indians might not suffer from any possible
extortion on the part of these agents. It was im-
fortant that this money should go directly to the
ndians, that applications for repayment might not
be made by them, as had been freouently done,
on the ground that they had been defrauded.
It had been stated that these Indians were given
to robbing and plundering; and it might be that
they might sometimes, even when the money due
to them had been faithfully paid to them by the
agents, come and claim repayment. It was not
only necessary to protect the Indians, but equally
so to protect tne Government from being defrauded
by them. It had also been said that these Indians
were as intelligent and able to conduct their own
affairs, as the average of members on this floor;
and, if so, surely they were quite competent to re-*
ceive their own moneys, without its having to pass
through the hands of claim agents, whom he (Mr.
C.) believed were a class of men who helped faster
