1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
605
than any other to exhaust the Treasury. The
Government had undoubtedly the right to direct
the mode in which this money should be paid, and
for its own protection no leea than for the protec-
tion of the Indians he hoped the amendment would
be adopted. He (Mr. C.) did not concur in the
propriety of the doctrine that the best way of set-
tling these claims was to exterminate the Indians.
He did not concur in the practical enforcement of
any doctrine the operation of which would be to
drive the Indians from their hunting grounds, and
then to pay the claim agents for them. He hoped
the amendment would be adopted, and that the
money might go directly into the hands of the In-
dians.
Mr. BURT said that the remarks that had been
made both by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Toombs,] and the gentleman from Texas, [Mr.
Howard,] made it necessary that he should say a
few words. The gentleman from Texas had im-
pliedly imputed that the Army of the United States
wanted diligence and judgment in the defence of
that State. The gentleman from Georgia had
made the charge in more explicit terms. He (Mr.
B.) wished to remark, that the Camanche Indians
in Texas had no fixed habitation, lived entirely on
flesh, and, as everybody knew, were most expert
horsemen, and well armed. They were a numer-
ous tribe. They had, for the last twenty years,
been engaged in hunting game and wild horses in
the country between the Nueces and the Rio
Grande. A portion of that hunting ground had
been appropriated by the State of Texas; but, as
the gentleman from Texas had said, as far as that
was concerned, acts of hostility had not been pro-
voked. They had never gone into the settled
parts of Texas, except when impelled by hunger
to plunder food. Their depredations consisted in
driving off horses, cattle,and mules; and, strange
as their taste might seem, they preferred the flesh
ef mules to that of any other animal for food.
Whenever they had taken life, it had only been to
render these forays successful. There was no
state of hostility or war in Texas between the peo-
ple and the Indians. It was to prevent such in-
cursions as were committed in New Mexico, and
in the provinces of Old Mexico, that it was desi-
rable to defend these States. «1 How shall the fron-
tiers of New Mexico and Texas be best defended?"
was a question that had received much careful at-
tention at the hands of the Committee on Military
Affairs, and he (Mr. B.) ventured to declare,-that
unless some successful and complete defence against
these Indians were introduced, in a few years an
Indian war would break out in Texas. It was
well known that the rank and file of the army, in-
dependent of engineers and ordnance, consisted of
about nine thousand men.
He would inform the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Toombs,] and the committee, thdt although
the Commander-in-Chief and the Secretary of
War asked an increase of the Army, the Com-
mander-in-Chief asking that it be increased by two
additional regiments of dragoons, with an increase
of the rank and file of every company in the Uni-
ted States; yet the Committee on Military Affairs
had nfever for a moment entertained the idea of
making any such recommendation to the House.
/That committee were of opinion that nine thou-
sand rank and file for the Army, were an ample
number to defend the country. Of the fifteen regi-
ments of which the Army was now composed, eight
were regiments of infantry, three of mounted
troops, and four of artillery. The gentleman from
Georgia was correct in saying that a regiment of
mounted rifles had been sent to Oregon, and he,
(Mr. B.) entirely agreed with the gentleman, that
the people of Oregon were better capable of de-
fending themselves against the Indians, and could
do it more cheaply and effectually, than any army
that the United States could send there.
Mounted troops and light artillery had been sent
to California, and in his (Mr. B.'s) opinion were
entirely unnecessary, as there were there no public
works or property to defend. He said, with very
Seat deference to the adverse opinions of the War
epartment, that there never was even a pretext
for sending these troops to California. In Texas
there was an Indian frontier of two thousand four
hundred miles, and an Indian frontier of eight hun-
dred miles in New Mexico, making about three
thousand two hundred miles. There were sta-
tioned there three regiments of mounted dragoons.
. The Committee on Military Affairs had taken
great pains to ascertain the number of troops ne-
cessary to defend the frontiers of New Mexico
and Texas, and from the information of officers
who had been -stationed on that frontier, and know
the means and necessities of the country, they
had come to the conclusion that four regiments of
mounted troops were as much as the Government
was under any necessity or obligation to supply.
It then became a very interesting question to de-
cide how'this additional mounted regiment should
be raised.
He found not one single officer connected with
the War Department who was of opinion that
there was any other mode of raising it that would
be efficient, than- by the organization of a new
regiment of mounted men. The committee was
opposed to that, and had reported a bill which he
hoped (although at this late period of the session)
would yet be taken up and passed by Congress,
to reduce the number of regiments of infantry to
seven, and to organize an additional regiment of
mounted rifles, instead of one regiment of infant-
ry. That was the policy of the Committee on
Military Affairs; that was the policy which they
thought was best adapted for the defence of our
frontier. And with that he should be opposed to
paying companies of Texan rangers hereafter, or
to calling them out. Poritcould not be disguised,
that although the people of Texas were well fitted
by personal prowess in horsemanship and in the
use of the gun and other arms, to defend them-
selves, yet that the Texan rangers recently called
into service had been absolutely worthless, except
one comonnv.
Mr. HOWARD wished to inquire of the gen-
tleman from South Carolina whether his mounted
infantry had done any better than the Texan ran-
gers ?—and whether the only battle foueht had not
been one between the Indians and the Texas ran-
gers ?
Mr. BURT. It was not bo at all. If the gen-
tleman would admit that the Texan rangers for
the defence of the women and children were per-
fectly useless, I would be satisfied. By a law of
last session one thousand three hundred infantry
were directed to be mounted, and six hundred
horses had been sent to them, with all the necessa-
ry horse equipments. These men were to be se-
lected from the eight regiments of infantry, and
such a transformation of the infantry into cavalry
would be attended with little or no expense, ex-
cepting their being kept in the field. Prom the eight
regiments a single regiment of dragoons could be
raised that would be as efficient as could be de-
sired. He (Mr. B.) acknowledged that the army
was quite large enough for the defence of the ter-
ritory; but knowing that at this short session it
would be impossible to reduce the Army, as gen-
tlemen would be induced to vote against any such
measure because they would not understand it.
He (Mr. B.) had said that one regiment of cav-
alry could be raised by a selection firom eight regi-
ments of infantry; and in saying so he included
both office™ and privates. The expense would
therefore be trifling, as the men were already
raised.
He might be excused for saying that the propo-
sition to mount the infantry on the frontier came
from the President and from the Secretary of
War. He (Mr. B.) did not profess to under-
stand these military questions, but he could as-
sure the committee that he had never conversed
with a single officer connected with the Army who
did not regard the plan as perfectly ridiculous,
except the executive authorities who were in power
some twelve months ago. During the time that
measure was in progress those officers, with a deli-
cacy and propriety so characteristic of them eve-
rywhere, refused to speak against the plan which
had been recommended by the Secretary of War
and the President. But during the last session,
immediately after the death of General Taylor, he
(Mr. B.)went to the Secretary of War and recom-
mended a repeal of that law. He would now say
a word or two as to the efficiency of these troops.
He had heard from a captain of one of these com-
panies composed of Irishmen and Dutchmen,
mounted on mules, that coming up with a party
of Camanches also mounted on mules, he ordered
a charge. After advancing a hundred yards he
looked back and found only six of his men mount-
ed, the rest dismounted. Unless Texan rangers
are better soldiers than those for the defence of
the frontiers, I would say, God help the frontiers!
(Here the Chairman announced that the hour had
arrived for closing debate.)
Mr. BAYLY said: When I rose to more that
the committee rise 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia is not in order.
Mr. BAYLY. As chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means I have a right to one hour by
way of reply. I was about to remark that when
I moved that the committee rise, with a view to stop
debate, the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Caattek,]
with hia usual warmth, remarked that this was an
effort to get through the committee a Galpliin
claim. Well, in view of the overwhelming vote
of this committee, by which I was sustained, it is
perhaps hardly necessary to say another word
about that, as my own reputation in this House,
and that vote will, I think, clear me from any such
suspicion. I beg to say there are two kinds of
Galphins. The one class consists of those who
undertake to fasten upon theTreasury of theUnited
States iniquitous claims; and the other those who
undertake to resist the payment of legal demands.
I submit that the morality of the one class is on a
par with the morality of the other. I undertake
to say, too, that there is not a member of the Com-*
mittee of Ways and Means who belongs to either
of these classes. After I have submitted a few
remarks, I will leave the House to decide whether
the same can be said of the gentleman from Ohio.
Now that gentleman undertakes to resist the
payment of this $700,000 to the Indians, upon the
ground, that although the Senate has examined the
case, there was no foundation for the award that
the Senate made.
Supposing the gentleman is correct in this in-
ference, I ask this simple question: Are we not
bound to abide by the award of a tribunal of our
own selection? and that tribunal, too, one of the
branches of our Government? We had a dispute
with these Indians of many years standing, and
by solemn treaty in 1846 we agreed to refer the
question to the Senate to arbitrate between us and
the Indians. That body has decided against the
Government of the United States; and yet the gen-
tleman rises, when we come and ask for an appro-
priation to pay our just debts, and calls in ques-
tion the judgment of this tribunal of our own
selection. And because we ask the appropriation
to pay this just and ascertained debt, we are told
we are Galphins. I leave it to the House to say
who is the Galphin in this case.
But the gentleman's repudiation of an honest
debt does not end there. He desires to introduce
a provision, the effect of which will be to prevent
the attorney for the Indians from getting his fee.
The Indians, like everybody else in difficult and
complicated questions, are compelled to employ
cousel to conduct their cause. In this instance
they employed an eminent attorney—one with
whom, in legal ability and high character, the
gentleman himself Would not be ashamed to be
compared. He has diligently and faithfully per-
formed his service—performing his part of die con-
tract in advance of his fee.
Mr. CARTTER. As the gentleman from Vir-
ginia is bringing me into the debate, and making
some personal comparisons between me and this
gentleman, I should like to know who he is.
Mr. BAYLY. I have no difficulty at all in
saying that it is General Waddy Thompson, of
South Carolina, whose ability and character are
known to the country.
This gentleman has spent many years at the
seat of Government, at a large expense, in prose-
cuting this suit on the part of the Indiana. This
he has done with success; and now wesre to in-
terpose in this matter, and to lay such restrictions
on the appropriations as will enable the Indians
to cheat their attorney. That is a sort of Gal-
phinism that I will have nothing to do with;
Mr. TOOMBS here made a remark not heard
by the Reporter.
Mr. BAYLY. I am obliged to my friend for
the suggestion. Some of these Indian chiefs are
as intelligent and civilized men as some specimens
on this floor, and do not desire you to protect
them from their attorneys. I entirely agree with
my friend from Georgia, that if there was any
reason to believe that the Indians would cheat
their attorney, you could with propriety, interpose
to prevent it. Suppose this were a ease in court.
Does not every lawyer in this House know that
the attorney would have a lien upon the judg-
