1851.
Tim CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
607
to the amendment of the Senate now under con-
sideration, it seems to me that it covers everything
required by the treaty. In order to a fair com-
pliance with the terma of that treaty, there are two
questions which arise. The first ia, what is to
be paid? And the second, in what mode is that {(
payment to be made? Now, what is to be paid to j|
these Indians? That is to be ascertained by look- ;j
ing- mto the eleventh section of the treaty, which ,
is in these words: i,
"Art. xi.—Whereas the Cherokee delegations contend <
thai the amount expended for the one year's subsistence,
after their arrival in the West, of the eastern Cherokee?, is
not properly chargeable to the treaty fund: It is hereby
agreed that that question shall be submitted to the Senate
at the United States for iu decision, which shall decide
whether the subsistence shall be borne by the United States
or the Cherokee funds j and if by the Cherokees, then to
say, whether the subsistence shall be- charged at a greater
rate than $33 33 per head; and also the question, whether
the Cherokee nation shall be allowed interest on whatever
sum may be found to be due to the nation, and from what
date and at what rate per annum."
Tne question was thus submitted to the Senate
of the United States as arbitrator, and the action
and decision of the Senate have been under that ;
authority. The award of that tribunal to which
we and the Indians agreed to refer the matter covers^
both principle and interest, and if we refuse to pay*
that award or make any question about paying it,
it is a simple question whether we shall repudiate,
and nothing else. ^Te referred this matter to the
arbitrament of the Senate, and we are bound to
abide by their decision. Estimates of the sum
due have been made accordingly by the proper
executive department; the Committee of vVays
and Means, after a full investigation of the subject,
have come to the conclusion that this amoun t ought
to be paid; and the simple question, I repeat, that
we are now discussing, is whether we will repudiate
a just, fair, and honorable debt. I do not know
whether the amount found by the Senate is right ,
ornot. Icarenot. Iam bound, we are all bound,
Congress is bound, to abide by their decision; and
there is nothing, as it seems to me, if we consider
this matter in its fair light, that would justify any
man in questioning for a moment the propriety of
paying that which the committee ask for. !
Now as to the mode of payment. The gentle- I
man from Missouri [Mr. Hall] proposes by his 1
amendment to the Senate's amendment, as the
latter has been modified by our Committee of W ays '
and Means, that the payment shall be made per ;
capita. Well, sir, if you look to the ninth article
of the treaty you will find that .this matter is also
provided for there. I wiU read it:
."Art. ix.—The United States agree to make a fair and
just settlement of all moneys due to the Cherokee*, and
subject to the per capita division under the treaty of 29th
December, 18535, which said settlement shall exhibit all
money properly expended under said treaty, and shall em-
brace all sums paid for improvements, ferries, spoliations,
removal, and subsistence, and commutation therefor, debts
and claims upon the Cherokee nation of Indians, for the
additional quantity of land ceded to said nation; and the
several sums provided in the several articles of the treaty,
lo be invested as the general funds of the nation ; and also
all sums which may be hereafter properly allowed and paid
under the provisions of the treaty of 1835. The aggregate
of which said several sums shall be deducted from the sum
of $6,647,067, and the balance thus found to be due shall
be paid over, per capita, in equal amounts, to all those in
dividuals, heads of families, or their legal representatives,
entitled to receive the same under the treaty of 1835, and
the supplement of 1833, being all those Cherokees residing 1
east at the date of said treaty and the supplement thereto."
The manner of payment proposed by the gen-
tleman from Missouri, is either in accordance with
this treaty stipulation, or it is not. If it be the
same, his amendment is unnecessary. If it would
vary from the treaty, then it is wrong, and would
be in violation of our agreement. I hope, there-
fore, that it will not be adopted.
The Western Cherokees, or " Old Settlers" as
they are sometimes called, have been already paid,
and we are now about to pay the Eastern Chero-
kees. The award has been executed in part, and
we are bound to complete its execution in the
same way. There is neither right nor justice in
refusing to abide strictly by the decision of the
Senate, to whom the differences between our Gov-
ernment and these Indians were, by solemn treaty,
formally submitted.
As to any interference being necessary between
the Cherokees and any agent they have employed
to prosecute their claims, the justice of which we
now admit, that is but officious intermeddling.
They are sufficiently protected by law and treaty
hoth, already. And moreover, I am advised by
one of the Indian delegates himself, that there is
nothing but the fullest mutual confidence and trust
existing between them and the gentleman who
has been employed to manage their business.
Nobody who knows the high character of that
gentleman needs to be assured that such confidence
is well reposed.
Mr. CARTTER demanded tellers, but they
were not ordered.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was not agreed to.
Mr. CARTTER. offered the following amend-
ment:
Provided, That in no cage shall any money hereby appro-
priated be paid to any agent of said Indians, to auy other
person or persons than tile Indian or Indians to whom it is
due, per capita.
Mr. C. said: This is precisely the amendment
which was incorporated in a bill the last session,
and one which I think ought to be adopted.
Mr. TOOMBS (interposing) rose to a point of
order. He thought the amendment the same as.
that which the committee had just voted down.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment to be
I out of order.
Cries of " Question!" " question!"
1 Mr. CARTTER moved the same amendment
I in a modified form.
| Mr. C. said: That changes the substance of the
: amendment which I before offered, and I believeit
is in order.
1 I rise not with the expectation that this amend-
ment will be adopted, but for the purpose of ex-
plaining some strictures upon myself.
1 Af  ' rV^ll DO /intAvnnoini^ mail t.
Mr. TOOMBS (interposing) rose to a point of i an adjutant of dragoons."
The other amendments of the Senate were then
concurred in.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the vole just taken
be reconsidered, and moved to lay that motion on
j the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
' Mr. BAYLY moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
And the question being put, the motion *«•
agreed to.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of th«
Union, (Mr. McClehnand in the chair.)
On motion by Mr. BAYLY, the committee pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill making ap-
propriation for the support of the Military Acad-
emy for the year ending 30th June, 1852.
Mr. BAYLY said, if there was no amendment,
he would move that the bill be laid aside to be re*
' ported to the House.
Mr. SAWTELLE said he had an amendment
■ which he wished to offer.
_ Mr. BAYLY said, if there were amendments to
be made, the bill had better be taken up paragraph
by paragraph.
The first paragraph
read—  
Mr. SAWTELLE moved the following amend-
ment, viz:
" That the adjutant of the Military Academy than here-
after be entitled to receive the same pay and allowances M
of the bill having been
order, and said: I make two points of order. In
the first place, the amendment offered by the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Cartter} is precisely the
same as that which has already bSen voted upon
by the committee. And, in the next place, it is
an amendment to a Senate amendment as amended
by the Committee of Ways and Means which
has already been adopted. The committee have
agreed to the Senate amendment as amended by
Mr. SAWTELLE said, he trusted the com-
mittee would adopt the amendment that he had
proposed; and in support of the same he desired
to state, that the Chief Engineer and Inspector of
the Military Academy, (General Totten,) upon
whose authority he relied with implicit confi-
dence, had repeatedly urged upon the considera-
tion of the Secretary of War the necessity of the
proposed change, as an act of justice to the officer
the Committee of Ways and Means, and I do not ! holding the appointment of adjutant at that post,
see what there is left to amend
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment to be
out of order.
Mr. CARTTER asked if his amendment was
not in order ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has already de-
cided the amendment to be out of order.
Mr. CARTTER. Well, sir, I rise to reply to
a personal attack which has been made upon me
by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Batlt,]
rather titan for the purpose of speaking upon the
amendment itself.
Mr. BAYLY. I would suggest to the gentle- j
man from Ohio, [Mr. Cahtter,] that as soon as this j
bill is disposed of, I will move to take up the Mil-
In the last official communication, which was
made at the commencement of the present session
of Congress, the Chief of the Engineer Depart-
ment uses die following language: " I have again
' to urge that the adjutant of the Military Acad-
' emy be placed upon the same footing, with re-
' spect to allowances, as an adjutant of a regiment
' of dragoons; and respectfully refer again to a let-
' ter from the Superintendent to General Haral-
' son, President of the Board of Visitors, dated
'June 12, 1847."
In the foregoing recommendation, the Chief
Engineer is sustained by the committee who were
appointed at the last annual examination, to ex-
amine into the organization of the Military Acad-
itary Academy bill, wi^n he may have the oppor- emy, and the actual administration of its different
  11 1 — -   L —.   ...... a I   j] —      ^ 1 Am T il* A A A Uk It J. 4 1.   A.  A  A
tumty of saying all he wishes upon the subject.
Mr. CARTTER. I do not want any opportu-
nity unless I can have it now.
Mr. BAYLY. I wished to give the gentleman
an hour to reply to rrte, but if he refuses the
offer I must call him to order.
The fourth, fifth, and sixth amendments of the
Senalte were then concurred in.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the committee rise
and report the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
' The committee rose accordingly, and the
! Speaker having resumed the chair, the chairman
reported that the committee had had under con-
sideration the Union generally, and particularly
! certain amendments to the deficiency appropriation
1 bill, and had directed him to report the same back
\ to the House with recommendations that they do
pass.
Mr. BAYLY demanded the previous question.
The question being put, it received a second;
and the main question was ordered to be put.
The question now being on concurring in the
amendments of the Senate as amended,
The SPEAKER stated that a separate vote
would not be taken upon each amendment, unless
the House so directed.
departments. In the conclusi&n of their report,
they say: " The committee have also inquired
' into the duties of the adjutant of the post, which'
' are usually performed by a second lieutenant of
' one of the regiments, and recommend that the
■ salary attached to this Office be the same as that
•of.the adjutant of a regiment of dragoons."
In this recommendation the Board of Visitor*
unanimously concur.
Mr. BAYLY (interrupting) raised a point of
order, and contended that the amendment of the
gentleman from Maine was not in order, as it
changed an existing law, and therefore it ought
not to be admitted in this bill.
Mr. SAWTELLE insisted that this, was a gen-
eral bill* and thai the amendment was Btrietly in
order.
The CHAIRMAN finally ruled the amend->
ment in order.
Mr. SAWTELLE resumed. The adjutant of
the Military Academy, like adjutants of regiments j
is responsible for a large amount of public prop-i
erty which is committed to his charge; and whue
his responsibilities are not less, his incumbent
duties are far more varied, extensive, and arduous
than those which are required of the adjutant of
any regiment in time of peace. He is not only
Mr. BAYLY asked that a separate vote be taken i, made responsible for a very large amount ofprop-
upon the amendment of the Committee of Ways
and Means.
The question was then taken upon concurring
in the amendment of the Committee of Ways and
Means to the Senate amendment, and it was con-
curred in.
erty, consisting of clothing, camp and garrison
equipage, arms, &c., but he is charged with the
safe preservation and the correct keeping of all
the books, rolls, records, and returns of the
Academy, and also with the staff duties of the
post. He is alio " ex officio" secretary of th«
