610
THE CONGR^SSKWAL GLOBE.
Feb. 19,
tioris for their .education   and not to. tliis Govern-
m MK EVANS, of Maryland.. I move to strike
out "28" and insert " 29."
The gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. McGaughey,]
considering his talent, which is well known in this
House, ha:} shown an extraordinary degree of in- '
aptness in his argument upon this subject. He
seems to suppose that the young men themselves
are allowed this money to spend as they choose.
They are not allowed to draw any money from
home 
Mr. McGAUGHEY. I proceeded upon no
such assumption. I said it was the duty of the
Government to ferret into and ascertain the abuses
which exist. I know that money is not allowed
them.
Mr. EVANS. The sum which has been al-
lowed to these cadets has been $28 per month
from the foundation of that Academy until theyear
1846, when the Government cut it down to the
present rate of $24. Now, sir, the learned gentle-
man from Indiana speaks of a gentleman at his
left receiving twenty-fire applications. This may
be, but it does not affect the principle at all. Each
person who enters the Acadamy is required to de-
posit $75 to defray his necessary expenses for
school books and other purposed.
Mr. MARSHALL. I would like to know
when this law was made, which required the
cadet to deposit $75. - N
Mr. EVANS. When the honorable gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Marshal^ was there, the
cadets were paid (28 per mortth.
Now, sir, 1 have a letter before me whith I have
•just received from a gentleman, stating that out of
the two hundred and forty-five cadets who are'
there, two hundred and fifteen of them are chil-
dren of indigent parents.
The sons of rich men do not require this addi-
tional $4 per month. There may be regulations
against allowing them any money, but the rich
will send money to them, whatever may be the
regulations, while the poor get none in this manner.
This causes a jealousy, and ill-feeling among
them. Now, I believe this additional $4 per month
will do no more than to provide for them to live
economically, and I hope it will be allowed.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. EWNS asked leave to withdraw his
amendment.
Objection was made.
Mr. CHANDLER. I believe I have the .right
to oppose the amendment. I wish only to say a
word in reply to an imputation cast upon me by
the honorable gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Mc-
Gaughet,] in relation to my course as a Represent-
ative from the city of " Brotherly Love." -
Mr. CARTTER rose to a point of order.
Mr. CHANDLER said it was difficult to get
in order.
The CHAIRMAN said the gentleman would
proceed in order.
Mr. CHANDLER. The imputation cast upon
me as a Representative from the city of "Brotherly
Love" is not an imputation against me, but against
the Speaker of the House, who has twice selected
the representative of the Quaker merchants of
Philadelphia as a member of the Military Com-
mittee. Under these circumstances, how could I
be otherwise than a military man ?
Mr. MORSE moved that the committee rise.
Loud cries of No! no! from all parts of the Hall.
The question was taken, and resulted—19 in the
affirmative, and 72 in the negative—no quorum
voting.
Mr. McGAUGHEY appealed to the gentleman
from Louisiana [Mr. Morse] to withdrew his
motion.
Mr. MORSE refused'to withdraw.
Tellers weredemanded and ordered,and Messrs.
Shepivkd and Sawtjelle were appointed. •
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 76, noes 25—-no quorum voting.
[Loud " Cries of call the roll!"].
Mr. BURT. I hope the gentleman from Lou-
isiana [Mr. Morse] will withdraw his motion,
and allow the committee to proceed with their 'busi-
ness.
Mr. MORSE. I withdraw the motion. I am
going to dinner. *
Mr. BURT. I submit to the Chair that a mo-
tion to rise does not require a quorum either for
the committee to rise or refuse to rise. I submit
I - .- " ~~ '
with great deference to the Chair that, as the mo- i
tion to rise is withdrawn, the Clerk need not pro-
ceed vrtth the call of the roll.
The CHAIRMAN. The rule provides that the
committee must rise when there is found to be no
quorum present. The tellers have decided by a ,
; previous vote that there was no,quorum present.
The Clerk will proceed to call thfe roll.
Mr. STANLY asked the Committee of Ways
and Means to take notice, that of the nineteen gen-
tlemen who voted that the committee rise, every
one were Democrats.
Mr. BAYLY. I cannot help that.
Mr. McGAUGHEY. For the purpose of get-
ting rid of this difficulty, I move to suspend the
call of the roll. I think it can be suspended, and
the committee proceed to business by unanimous
consent*
1 The CHAIRMAN. The call of the roll caii be
i suspended, and the committee proceed to business
by unanimous consent.
1 Objection was made.
The call of the roll was then continued.
The committee then rose, and, the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, the chairman reported.the
absentees to the House.
On motion by Mr. McGAUGHEY, the House
adjourned.
PETITIONS, &e.
The following petitions, memorials, !te., were presented
under Die rule, and referred to appropriate committees i
• By Mr, BpNNJETT: The petition of James t Sweet and
others, of Otsego.county, New York, for additional pompen-
satirm aS assistant fnarshal. '
Bv Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee: The memorial of
William H. Maxwell and sundryother citizens, praying for
the establishment Of a line of four-horse pott coaches from
Jonesboro', Tennessee, to Charlotte, North Carolina, &c.
By Mr. BRI8BIN: The petition of John Daniel, Joel
Barnes, Georso Gelatt, and MoseeTiifler, surviving soldiers
of the war of the Revolution, asking the passage of a law
giving to revolutionary soldiers of all grades bounty lands in
proportion to the length of time they were in actual ser-
vice.
By Mr. ROSE: The petition ofE. R. Dean, J. McCleary,
D. D. Spencer, and other citizens of Livingston county,
New York, praying additional compensation to deputy
marshals.   . . , _ ,
By Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi: The petition of John
Wagner, of Washington city, praying compensation for
certain work done in the year 1849, in the Capitol. ,
Also, the-petition of E. Bulkley and 149 others, citizens
of Mississippi, prayin^the right of way and a grant of land
to the Gainesville railroad, in the State of Mississippi.
Bv Mr. ROSS : The petition of John S. Bryan, Charles
H. Mason, and 30 other citizens of Bucks county, Pennsyl-
vania, asking for the same quantity of bounty lailtl for the
volunteers of 1812, as was given to the soldiersof theMex-
ican war.
By Mr. SIBLEY: The petition of J. P. Wilson and 97
others, for an appropriation of $10,000, to remove obstruc-
tions in the navigation ofthe Mississippi river between Fort
Snelling and St. Anthony's Falls.
was dispensed with, and it was ordered to be
printed for the use of the Senate.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have three memorials, very
numerously signed by citizens of Sedgwick, in
i the Penobscot collection district, asking that Sedg-
1 wick may be made a port of entry, and the office
of deputy collector established there, as a point
most convenient for all concerned.
I have also two others, very numerously signed,
one from Deer Isle, and the other from Brooks-
ville, asking for the same object; and I desire to
! say in connection that these petitioners are of the
section of the State in which I reside, and there-
| fore I am very well apprised of the inconvenience
i which they suffer from their present locality; W.
I may take this occasion to say that the advanced
stage of the session will, I fear, preclude the pos-
1 sibility of any final action. I ask that they may
be referred to the Committee on Commerce.
They were so referred.
; Mr. BERRIEN submitted an additional docu-
ment in relation to the claim of Jane Irwin, daugh-
ter and heir of Jared Irwin; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. S0ULE, ordered that Earn-
est Eude, Clement Duhammel, and Joseph .Ver-
bis, have leave to withdraw their,,papeys^
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES,
i Mf: MASON, from the Oommittee'on Foreign
! Relations, to which was referred the resolution
o^' the Senatfe directing an inquiry into the pro-
•' priety of providing by law, pursuant to the rec-
ommendation of President Polk in his message of
the 7th December, 1847, in relation to the claim
of certain Spanish subjects in the Amistad case,
submitted an elaborate report, which was ordered
to be printed, accompanied by a bill to indemnify
the master and owners of the Spanish schooner
Amistad; which was read and ordered to a second
reading.
i Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to which was referred the joint
resolution from the House of Representatives for
the relief of John H. Home, reported back the
same without amendment, and recommended its
IN SENATE. •
"Wednesday, February 19, 1851.'
A message was received from the President of
the United States, communicating a further report
from the Secretary of the Treasury in compliance ,
with a resolution of the Sehate of 'the 28th ultimo,
calling for copies of all correspondence in relation
to the seizure of the British ship Albion, for an ;
alleged violation of the revenue laws, by the col- I
lector of the district of'Oregon; which was laid '
on the table and ordered to be printed. ;
The PRESIDENT of the Senate laid before the
body a communication from the Treasury Depart- ;
ment, made in compliance whh a resolution of the
Senate submitted'by Mr. Chase ori the 15th in-1
stant, calling for the amount of stock of the Louis-
ville and Portland Canal Company subscribed for
by the United States, <fcc. The Secretary states
that the original capital of said company was di-
vided Into six thousand shares of $100 each, agree-
ably to the charter granted in 1825 by the State of
Kentucky, which by an act of that Legislature of I
1829 was increased one thousand shares, makirig i
the whole capital #700,000, under which the canal
was completed and opened on the 22d December,
1830. On the original stock the United States
subscribed one thousand shares in 1825, and after-
wards under the act of Congress of 2d March,
1829, the United States subscribed one thousand
three hundred and thirty-five shares* which had
been forfeited by individual subscribers from want
of confidence in the success of the enterprise, for
which two thousand' three hundred and thirty-five
shares there was paid ia money $233,500.
On motion by Mr.  ATCHISON the reading
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the memorial of citizens of the United
States emigrating to California, asking that the
Council Bluffs Perry Company may be authorized
to establish ferries over the Elk Horn rivfer and the
Loupe Fork of the Platte river, asked to be dis-
charged from the further consideration of thesame;
which was agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which' was
referred the preamble and resolution of the Legis-
lature of Iowa in favor of the purchase of the In-
dian titles in Nebraska, and the removal of the In-
dians from that Territory, asked to be discharged
from the frrther consideration of the same; which
was agreed to.
Mr. JONES from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred the memorial of Mary
Morris Foote, asked to be discharged from the
further consideration of the same, and that it be
referred to the Committee of Claims; which Was
agreed to. ■ -
Mr. BRADBURY, from the Committee'on the'
Judiciary, to which was- referred three petitions
from citizens of the State of Pennsylvania,' ask-
ing the repeal of the late--act of Congress provi-
ding for the recapture of fugitive slaves, was in-
structed by the committeete report that it deemed-
any legislation inexpedient, and asked to be dis-
charged from die further Consideration of the same;
which was agreed to.
Mr. FOOTE, from the Committee On Foreign
Relations, to which was referred the memorial of
A. P. Brittingham, asking Compensation for a ves-
sel seized and condemned by the Mexican author-
ities in the year 1835,-reported that the committee
had given' the subject all the consideration m its
power j And had come'to the conclusion to ask to
be discharged from its further consideration; wlucn
was agreed to. _
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to: trhich was referred the message of the
President, and a resolution of the Senate in rela*
tion to making more effective provision by taw to
preventthe employment of Amen can vessels: mtlre'
slave trade, reported a bill conceramg. the inter-,
course and trade of vessels of the United Skate
