619
THE COflGftfiSStONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 19,
■ 1 9
amduw wkich may be recei red upon the sale of any part of
said lauds by said State, the title to the purchasers under
said State remaining valid ; and the title to the residue of
said lands shall reinvest in the United States, to have and
bold the same' in the same manner as if this act had not
been passed.
■ Mr  YULEE. Perhaps I can save the time of
the Semite, as I have- no desire to delay it in its
action on this measure. But I am nevertheless
Very sorry that the Senator from Wisconsin has
thought it necessary to offer hiabkl qts an amend-
ment to mine. If, however, his bill conform" to
the form which has been prescribed by the Senate
W other cases, so that there can be no objection
on the score of its contents, I shall not object to
its being added as an amendment, ,
Mr. WALKER. I thank the Senator for his
courtesy. The bill which ,1 have submitted as an
amendment, as I have already remarked, has been
reported by t,he Committee on Public Lands, to
which the subject was referred, on the petition of
the Legislature of "Wisconsin. I have offered it
with no desire .to embarrass tke bil^of the Senator
from Florida, but in the discharge of a duty to
jpiy State; and I wm prfft^p^ad; to da it the more
.especially as the.session is drawing,to % clqse, qjid
.the prospect of passing my bill .is daily diminish-
^r* • The . public land*, then,* fife
to.be disposed of by a , contract in our presence.
A proposition is made and accepted] to make the
bill of the Senator from Wisconsin a pajt of the
pill of the Senator from Florida, to, convey away
how many .thousand acres of land I,cannot tell. I
would be glad to .know if the Legislature of Wisr
consin has chartered any company to build a rail-
ro^dinthe direction indicated by the amendment'
. Mf- WALKER. . The State of Wisconsin does
jiot propose jo givethis work to a company v but
to do it. herself by her own means. If it were in-
tended to give jt to a company, I would not have
asked for it. ,
Mr, .DAWSON. I move to lay the amendment
upon, the table.
The PRESIDENT. The motion of the Sena-
tor from Georgia, if adopted, will carry the bill
• with,it. . ,
. Mr. DAWSON. If the Senator from Florida
adopts the suggestion of the amendment as apart
of his bill, let it all go upon the table.,
Mr. YULEE. ihave not accepted the am end-
Jfl*nt of the Senator from Wikconsin. ■ It was of-
fered against my earnest remonstrance; but wh£ 
itwas offered, and as it was believed to be in. con-
yprouty with precedents, in order to avoid discu*-
ssion.and to save time, I yielded to- it.
. Mr. DAWSON. I would not interfere, but I
Sfli Called upon here to vote away hundreds of
thousands,pf acres to companies tobuild railroads,
(Without any knowledge of the parties, or of the
ifri&hfes1 of the people irr relation to them.
, Mi;, TtlUEE- What I meant to say was that
1 would not make a straggle upon the amendment,
feut leate it to the Senate to determine whether it
should bearfopted or not,
t BADGER. . I think it is very obvious we
w? notgoing to dispose of this subject in a few
minutes, as was supposed; and, that the Senate
he Allowed an opportunity to complete the
bill which has been under consideration for several
days*! move to lav this bill upon the table.
On the call of Mr. BADGER, the yeas and
n*ys uHei-e drdered.
Mr? WALKER. After what I have seen here-
tofore, I am a little astonished at the course which
is pursued-—
Mr. BAt)Gf£R. ts tfye motion .debatable ? -
Mi;,.WALKER. I am going to withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. BADQER. The Senator is not in order.
Mr- WALKER,; Then I will not withdraw it.
Mr. YULEE. I hope the Senator will hifve
an opportunity to withdraw his amendment;
The, PRESIDENT. If this bill shall not be
• tlie (able the Senator from AViscoiisin
will have an opportunity to withdraw his amend-
Twent.
The vote Vas then taken upon laying the bill
upQrV¥*e_t*ble, with the foil owing result:
B nfif.81!?" win, Bell, Bradbury, Chase,
u3f' §"2* "rf MM*aehu ett , Dawson, Dayton, Poote
an^ 8j^^^!,u*r> Phefps, Prntt.Rnsk.Spru-
^;^LUrT^.Und.erw'^, Unhwn, an* Wa!es-22. P
AteWsoa, bentoq, Berrien, Borland.
nods* <tfiowa,Doug-
' ' *"**>> Jones, Kine, Morton, korrii,
tthett, Sebastian, Seward, Smith, Soulf, Walker, Whit-
! comb, and Vulee—26.
So it was not laid upon the table.
Mr. WALKER. I now withdraw my amend-
ment.
There being no further amendment offered, the
bill was reported to the Senate.
Mr. WHITCOMB. I move to amend by
i adding the following section:
Sec.,-~. ml be. it farther enacted, That there be and is
, hereby granted to the State of Indiana, iri aid of tin: con-
struction of a railroad from Martinsville, by the way of
Manpmtown to Franklin, in that State, every alternate
section of public lands, designated by even numbers, for six
sections in width on each side of said road, which may re-
main unsold or undisposed of, or to which a right of pre-
emption may not have attached at or previous to the time
of selection: Provided, That the alternate sections hereby
granted to said, State, and the proceeds thereof, shall lie
1 applied to tlie construction of said railroad, and to no other
purpose whatever; and that the United States mail sliajl at
all times be transported on said railroad, under the direc-
tion of the Post Office Department, at a reasonable price;
and in case olf disagreement between the Post Office De-
pnrtnient aml tlie other party, the matter in difference shall
be referfed to the Congress or the United States.
.,T,lie road , to which, my amendment refers is
lOjliy. twenty.miles long, in my State; and this, if
adopted, will; be the, only grant my State will re-
ceijV^at this session, I .have tKe consent of the
: Senior from. Florida for offering it, and ,1 hope it
will be adppted. .
1 Mi:. YUL&E. I can give no consent on the
j subject. I can only say that it is for a majority
of the Senate to do as they please.
Mr. BALDWIN. I would inquire of the Sen-
ator from Indiana whether the subject-matter of
this amendment has been heretofore submitted to
1 the Committee on the Public Lands, and whether
, they have reported upon it ?
1 Mr. WHITCOMB. It has been submitted to
j the cQmmittee only a few days ago, and they have
not had .time to report upon it; but I will observe
that the amendment differs but little from the gen-
: eral provisions of the bill.
Mr. SMITH. I observe that the amendment
j proposed by the honorable Senator from Indiana
| does not provide for augmenting the price of the
reserved sections of land to double the minimum
! price, as in all other cases that have passed through
the Senate. I .do < not like very well, either, this
plan of tackjng one bill upon another. We have
passed all such bills as separate and distinct
measures heretofore, and I do not know why the
Senator from Florida; should not be treated as oth-
ers have been. I cannot vote for the amendment.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. P.EARCE.: Before the vote is taken upon
the bill, I should like to have some information to
enable me to vote undewtandingly on the matter.
Lshould like to, know the distance between the
terminal points of the road, whether the lands
along the line are unoccupied, an8 what portion of
them may be unsold. I should also like to know
whether there is a provision in the bill that if there
are not sufficient quantities of unsold lands along
the.route, selections may be made elsewhere; also,
whether the work is to be done by an incorporated
company or whettier the State itself intends to
, make the road ?
Mr. YULEE. This work is incorporated and
organized. The United States has by an act of
Congress granted the right of way heretofore for
its construction. It will pass almost entirely
through pine lands, which are of no value, unless
they are laid Open to settlement bv means of a
I railroad running through them. The purpose of
t the railroad is to connect the waters of the Atlantic
; with those of the Gulf of Mexico through the
! State of Florida. The distance will vary according
, to the route selected. It will, however, probably I
not exceed one hundred and fifty miles.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and it was subsequently read a third time
and passed.
BILLS FROM THE HOUSE REFERRED.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives by Mr. Yovxa, their Clerk:
Mr. President: The House of Representatives have
passed bills of the following titles, in which they request the
concurrence of the Senate:
ROOM qui No. 39, An act to amend an act entitled "An ''
act to provide tor the payment of hotsea and other property !
lost or destroyed in the military service of the United States," ■
approved March 3. 1849. ' [
House bill No. 348, An act making appropriation for the 11
improvement of certain harbors and rivers. (
The House bill No. 39, was subsequently repd
a first and second time by its title and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and
House bill No. 348 was read a fi-st and second
time by its title, referred to the Committee or.
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
House bill No. 466, for the relief of the widow
of the late Colonel William Gray, was read a first
and second time by its title and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
PRIVATE BILL PASSED.
The amendment of the Senate to House bill for
the relief of Joseph D. Ward, having been reported
correctly engrossed, the bill was read a third time
and passed; and the title was so amended as to
read "An act for the relief of Joseph D. Ward
and Isaac Watts Griffith."
REDUCTION OF POSTAGE.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill to reduce and
modify the rates of postage, and to provide for the
coinage of a three cent piece; upon which a debate
, arose Which will be given in the Appendix. The
further consideration of the bill was again post-
poned.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives by Mr. Young, their Clerk:
_ Mr. Prssi^Sn^ : Tlie House of Representative? roncur
in the first, second, fourth, fifth, and sixth amendaienU of
the Senate to the Home bill to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service in the fiscal year ending the
30th day of June, 1851, and in the third amendment of the
; Senate to said bill, with an amendment; in which they re
quest the concurrence of the Senate.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the amendment of the House
to the third amendment of the Senate to that bill.
The third amendment of the Senate was to provide
for the payment of a certain sum to the Chero-
kees, due under the treaty of 1846. The House
had concurred in all the amendments of the Sen-
ate but this one; and had amended this by substi-
tuting instead of it the following:
" For payment to the Cherokee nation the sum of $724,-
603 37; and interest on the above sum at the rate of fiv 
per centum per annum, from tlie 12 th day of June, 1638, until
paid, shall be paid to them out of any money in the Treas-
i ury not otherwise appropriated; but no interest shall be
paid after the 1st of April, 1851, if any portion of the mo-
ney is then left undrawn by the said Cherokees: Provided,
however, That the sum now appropriated shall be in full
: satisfaction and a final settlement of all claims and de-
mands whatsoever of the Cherokee nation against the-Uni
ted Sthtei, under any treaty heretofore made yith the Cher-
okee.?. And the said Cherokee nation shall, on file pay-
ment of srtid sum of money, execute and deliver to tbe
United States a full and final discharge, for all claims and
, demands whatsoever on the United States, except for such
annuities in money or specific articles of propertv as the
United States may be bound by any treaty to pay"to said
Cherokee nation ; and except,also, such moneys and lands,
if any, as the United States inav hold in trust for said
Cherokees: And jroiiiei, further, That the money appro-
priated in this item shall be paid ih strict conformity with
the treaty with the said Indians of the 6th of August, "1846."
Mr. HUNTER. The only effect of the" amend-
ment of the House is to render more specific the
release of the United States from all claims on the
part of the Cherokees. I move that the Senate
concur in the amendment of the House.
Mr. RUSK. It seems to me this is too inport-
ant a matter to be disposed of hastily. I therefore
hope its consideration will be postponed until to-
morrow.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I hope the amendment of
the House of Representatives will not be concurred
in. It is said tfiat in the adoption of the amend-
ment the House had simply in view the.ohject of
making the language of the Senate's amendment
more explicitly declare that this payment was to
be satisfaction in full for all the claims of the Cher-
okees under the treaty of 1846. In doing this the
House have, unwittingly no doubt, gone further
than was intended. The subject which was,in-
tended to be embraced in this appropriation arises
under the treaty of 1846 with the Cherokees.
Now that treaty did not pretend to be a settlement
of matters arising under any other treaty, except,
so far as the treaty of 1846 defined the treaty of
1835. The language of this amendment of the
'House is general. The amendment provides that
this money shall be a settlement of all claims of
the Cherokee®. This would exclude the claims
of individual Cherokees arising under the tre&ties
of 1817 and 1819, many of which are now pending,
before the Department, and many of which are
