1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
6ia
specially provided for by bills before Congress.
I think the amendment of the House goes, to an
extent not contemplated by the House. It is evi-
dent, therefore, that the Senate would be doing
injustice, unintentionally no doubt, by the adoption
ot the amendment of the House. I hope, there-
fare, the Semite will non-concur in the amendment
of the House.
Mr.PEARCE. • 1 think that if my friend froia
Texas [Mr. Rrss] had read the wholu of the
amendment of the House of Represented ires he
would not entertain the objection which he enter-
tains. The reading of the first part of it would
very naturally suggest the objection which he en-
tertains; but then there is a proviso in the House
amendment that the money in question shall be
paid in the manner and to "the persons stipulated
m the several treaties. 1 suppose that will remove
his objection.
Mr. RUSK. tread- in the amendment of the
House that this was to be " for payment to the
Cherokee nation;" and I read that the the Cher-
okee nation -was to release the Government from
further claim. Well, the Cherokee nation is prop-
erly that body of Cherokees now located in Aj-
kaneas under a regular government. A portion
of the Cherokees refused to go there, and never
went. A portion of them still remain in the State
of Georgia and in the State of North Carolina! and
a portion of them have gone to the State of Texas,
as respectable men as any in the tribe. My object
in asking the postponement of this matter was, that
I might have an opportunity of examining; the
amendment and seeing whether it" would operate
justly on all Cherokees.
Mr. FOOTE. I move to postpone the further
consideration of this subject for the purpose of
proceeding to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. BADGER, the Senate then"
. proceeded to the consideration of executive basi-
nets, and after some time spent therein the doors
were reopened, *
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENT ATI V ES.
Thoilsday, February 20, 1851.
The Housemet at twelve o'clock. The Journal
of yesterday wag read and approved.
. Mr. BOCOCK inquired of the Speaker what
was the first business in order ?
The SPEAKER stated that the first business
in order was the bill reported yesterday from the
Committee on Naval Affairs* to authorize th%es-
tablichment of a line of mail steamers between
California and China, and that the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. McLane] was- entitled to the
floor.
Mr. STANTON,* of Tenfiessee, from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, by unanimous eonsent,
reported a bill to increase the efficiency of the naval
service; which'was read a first and second time by
its title, referred to the Committee of the Whole
dn; lift 'state'of the Union, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. LEVIN asked the unanimous consent of the
House to make a report from the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. PHELPS objected, and the report was not
received.
CALIFORNIA AND CHINA STEAMERS.
Mr. BOCOCK said that the gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. McLane,} who was entitled to
the floor on the above bill, was not present, and he
would therefore avail himself of the opportunity to
make a few remarks.
Mr. B. then said: Mr. Speaker, my apology for '
wishing at the present time to make some re-
marks in relation to this subject is twofold. In
the first place a memorial was referred to the Na-
val Committee some weeks ago, presented by my
colleague from the Richmond district, and signed
by a committee of a convention of Richmond and
Norfolk merchants and by other memorialists,
asking Congress to make appropriations for estab-
lishing a line of mail steamers from Norfolk, Vir-
ginia, to some port in Europe. Thit memorial
was considered, and the Committee on Naval Af-
feirs have instructed me to make a report, in
which Lam directed to saythat the report and bill,
submitted by th« chairman of the committee, in
answer to the memorial of Mr. Thompson, of
Pennsylvania, meets the views and carries ou,t the
wishes of these memorialists. Theproposition sub -
mitted on yesterday by th e gentleman from Tennes-
see [Mr. Stanton] is in response, therefore, to the
memorial presented from my own State, aa well as
in response to the memorial from Philadelphia. My
apology in the second place grog's out of vliat.I
consider the unprecedented course pursued by the
gentleman from Baltimore [Mr. McLane] on yes-
terday in relation to • this subjectr The chairman
of the Committee on Naval Affairs reported this
bill to the House, but he did pot mov,e to put it
upon its final passage,-nor did he ask any unusual
privilege in regard to this report. . Sir, he moved
to postpone the further consideration until Mon-
day, by which motion it would have gone upon
the Speaker's table, and would not have been a
special order. The. gentleman from Georgia [Mr,
Stephens] submitted a motion to the House
to lay the whole subject upon the table, and
no debate being had, that motion was overruled.
Then, the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs moved to refer the subject to |the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, where
it would come up for full, aji'd fair discussion on
all sides, by foes as well aa fri«nd&> But not con-
tent to wait until that timeshould arrive, not con-
tent to take his chance when the subject should
come up regularly for considerMion, the.gentle-
man from Baltimore [Mr. MoLane] <omes into
this House and undertakes to affect thi# proposi-
tion by a speech at this stage of its consideration*
I ragnet that the gentlernaa lsinot irow in his ge&t.
I do -not intend to sw anything personally disre-
spectful of him, but ! wish to make a itemark or
two upon, the evident design whieh. He ha« mani-
fested in regard to, this matter. The gentleman
regretted, in the first instance, that he had not been
here to submit a motion tp lay the bill ,ppon the table.
The gentleman fromGleorgia [Mr.Sf ephkms] had
already made that motion, cmd Ibelieve'thajtgen-
tleniau has some littls reputatatio^ for «i>gc6#b in
his motions to lay important bills upon the table.
But the gentleman from Baltimore [Mr. MoLahe]
, regretted that he bad not bean here to move to tay
i the subjectupon the table. He had beenengaged for
j the last two or three days in the discussion of the
! river and harbor bill. He had come from that
contest flushed with victory, I will not sijy over
the Constitution, but I will say, over a great ma-
jority of the Democratic party of this Houpe.
Perhaps he mighthave supposed thrtt the prestige
of that victory might have given his motion greater
weight with the House, than when submitted by
the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens.)
He not only regretted that he had not be/m here to
move to lay upon the table, but, sir, in the open-
ing of his remarks, with which he favored the
House, he attacked the scheme .upon ground
which induced the impression' that he wan op-
posed to All. the appropriations for the establish-
ment of these lines of mail  ten triers. I perceived
my friend from' Tennessee [Mr. Jones] to glow
and warm towards himat this point in his remarks,
and a paternal smile lit up his face as he hailed
him hx a prodigal son returning to the folds of po-
litical orthodoxy, and to the doctrines of strict
construction. But, sir, in « few minutes the fond
illusion was dispelled, when the gentleman from
Baltimore [Mr.- McLakb] declared that he had
voted for various propositions of this sort to ap-
propriate money for the' establishment of mail
steamers. Then the gentleman from' Tennessee
[Mr. Jones] began to draw bask <t little. His
promising young convert seemed disposed to turn
back. The grounds of the opposition of die gen-
tleman from Maryland seemed to change. It
seemed now that he was opposed to any advances
on the part of this Government to enable these
companies to construct their steamers. Aye, air,
so scathing was he on this jpoint, at this period of
his remarks, you would have- supposed that he
wouldjjiot have touched sueh a thing even in the
remotest manner—that it was so unclean—that he
would not have pat his hands' upon it for any con-
sideration. But as he again advanced* that fond
illusion was also dispelled, when he tolif us that
he had voted for considerable advances in money
upon various ©ontracts for , the lines of Steamers
which had been heretofore established. The very
scheme, indeed, which hethen advocated Contained
a proposition of this very character. Now, I
ask, what is the difference between the propOsi-
' tion fkvoredby the gentleman from Maryland, that
I of advance of money and the advancing of the,
! credit of the Government as now proposed f The.
gentleman from Maryland had voted to advance
money, he says, already, but he would not vote-
to advance the credit of the Government. 6ut!
when the gentleman told you there was aproposi-
tion to establish a line from his own city of Balti-.
more, for which he expected to vote an appropri- >
ation of money, he may have let out the strongest
reason of his opposition. Aye, sir, "Acne tlfe
luchrynue," which being interpreted freely, might
be rendered, " that he would rather that Baltimore ^
should swallow Norfolk, than that Norfolk should
injure Baltimore." Now, sir, the gentleman ap>>
peared to feel that his position, in advocating the?
river and harbor bill, may have subjected him, as:
i tl strict constructionist Democrat, to some little sus-
picion. He rejoiced, therefore, to git this oppor-
tunity to reinstate himself, by showing others to>
; be as bad. - He displayed quite « boastful spirit,
and by tone and manner appeared to say, " Yori'
who advocate this proposition are worse than I,
and you cannot oast stones at me." But, siry
if thfe advocacy of sufli a proposition as (bis be*
' political sin, the gentleman himself is gtailtyof
| that siiij in aidditfon to that of his advocacy of the
' river ami harbor bill. Hfe has already voted ad-
vance* and compensatibnt® a lArge amount to the
Collins line between New York and Europe, and is
willing to Vote moiiey to*, proposed Baltimore lite,
for the purpose of carrying tie mails. He (Mr.
McLavB) contended that the Constitution of the
United States, ingiving us thepowfer to Establish
post offices and post roads, made it legitimate* and
proper to vote money to these companies 'for thd
purpose of carrying the mails from the leading
points of this country to those of Europe. I am a
frie&d of this proposition, *nd as such friend I claim
no such right. 1 say that under the power " to a*
tablish post effiees and post roads," we do not claim
that we have a right to appropriate millions of dol-
lars for the purpose of carrying a' few letters to
. Europe- If the system rested lipoil that ground,
' I should say that it is extravagant and improper,
and ought to be done away with. W e appropriate
| $385,000 per annum for the purpose of carrying
j the mails Wtween New York and Liverpool, ana
| then appropriate $285,609 per annum for harrying
' the mail from New York to Bremen. The objfcct
to be accomplished in this point ofview is dispto-
I portioned to the amount expended. A far smaller
| amount would be sufficient for carrying the mails
to Liverpool, and from that paint around to Bic*
men. If the only object we had in view in estab-
lishing the Collins and other lines bad beeu thf
carrying the mail between New York, Liverpool,
I and Bremen, &e<, &c., it could have been done at
i far less cost. I contend that:this power to aid in
the establishment of these steamships, rests upon
the naval power of this country. We Kave the
right, under the Constitution of the Pnitedf State*,
to maintain & Navy1. I submit ta the good sense
and reflection of the House, that linderthis powsf
we hate the right to provide' a navy, and in time
of peaee, its best condition would be that it shall
! be employed for useful purposes; and not cost the
\ Government anything. Under the ordinary pink
| of maintaining the Navy, your ships are little
ployed, and they cost the Govermaefitan iimn&se
: amount of money annually. The Government is
| burdened immensely for years, maintaining the
I Navy for a contingency that now atid then arise*
i of a .war between Oufown-and some foreign coan-
! try. But, sir, here is a plan of providing' ma effi-
cient Navy, to be used by the Government wheil
k. is needed for war purposes, and to be emplOjied
in oeeful objects in time of peaee, without costing
the Government actually anything. IamsoTpHsed
to see that the proposition now under considfera*
tion meets with such opposition from the -foetid*
Of economy, and especially from thoae who hm
supported other schemes. 4 hold that the propo-
sition now before the House, and in relation to
which I am now speaking, is the cheapest propo-
sition for providing war steamers that has' evef
been submitted to the consideration of the Ameri-
can Congress. This Government is now paying
£385,000'per annum for teh years- to the Collins
fine. It is paying to Sloo & Law #290,000 pier
annum; it is paying the Aspinwall line $199,000,
and we ace also paying totheBremen line $258,609
per annum—and in every -case mofcey was ad-
vanced by the. Government.
