61«
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 20,
thus have, cou^tintiy. * well instructed body of artillerists, |
The chief additional expense wotiM probably arise trona the ]
consumption of' po vvdor) and I nisy here state tho fuel that j
tbe Government sold laM winter at Old Point upward* of
five hundred barrels, wluch had become ruined by its long
storage in damp magazines. The experience gained by
firing it awav would have been of some value.
To establish a school ol' this kind oil a permanent footing
would require an act of Congress. The act should iuh
something like this: .?hJ be it further enacted. That, to
promote Die efficiency of the artillery arm of the service,
the President is authorized to assemble three fisld officers
of aitillery and two companies from each of the four regi-
ments of artillery, exclusive «f the companies now serving
as field artillery, at Fort Monroe, Virginia, or some other
suitable jwist, for the purpose of establishing all Artillery
School of Practice: Provided, That whenever the com-
panies comporting the school shall hare received instruc-
tion for the period of two yean, they shall then be removed,
and their place* supplied by other two companies from each
of the tour regiments to which they respectively belong.
Please excuse me tor troubling yon with these remarks.
Under many inconveniences 1 have been stimulated to 1
make them, from a conviction of their importance. Let ,
me ivow trouble you to make such a disposition of them as
would best subserve the cause which they are intended to ,
promote. •
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, inquired if the
amendment was in order ?
Mr. BAYLY thought the amendment denvly
out of order; and
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment to be
out of order.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the bill be laid aside
to be reported to the House; which motion was
agreed to.
REVOLUTIONARY AND OTHER PENSIONS.
On motion by Mr. BAYLY, the Committee of
the Whole then proceeded to consider the bill ma-
king appropriations for the payment of revolution-
ary and other pensions of the United States for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1852.
Mr. B. said: 1 avail myself of this opportunity,
before this debate is stopped, to make an earnest
appeal to the members of this committee to remain
here, and not allow u  to fall into the condition we
were yesterday, which compelled the committee to
rise, and the House to adjourn, for want of a quo-
rum. If gentlemen will not stay and sit the bill
out, it will be utterly impossible to get through j
with the business of the session. I also give notice
that if we shall be found without a quorum, I will
call for a division of the committee, that the roll
may be called and t}ie absentees noted; so that if ■
Congress adjourns without passing the appropria-
tion bills, the country can see whose absence it
was that created the necessity.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee said: I desire
to make some remarks not directly relating to this
bill; but considering the circumstances under
which I was cutoff this morning from debating a
bill which I myself introduced and which had been
assailed by its opponents, I feel that I shall be i
justified in making some remarks not strictly con- :
nected with the btll—justified by the practice of '
the House and by the importance of the policy of !
which I design to speak. The committee will un- |
derstand that I design to address my remarks to j
the policy connected with the bill which I intro-
duced to the House on yesterday, for the estab- 1
lishment of a line of mail steamers from the west- j
em coast of the United States to Asia, and from !
the eastern coast of the United States to certain ,
points in Europe. You are aware, sir, and the
committee is well informed, that the system of es-
tablishing mail steamers commenced during the
administration of Mr Polk, and received the ,
sanction of that distinguished statesman and his
Cabinet. In truth, sir, the measures then adopted
were Administration measures, and I need only
refer you to the third annual message of Mr. Polk
in 1847 to prove the truth of what I will say. I
will read a single paragraph 
Mr. TOOMBS (here interrupting) called the
gentleman to order. He thouglit that the com-
mittee ought not to tolerate this custom of speak-
ing to maters not immediately before the commit-
tee, so-far as to allow the gentleman to get up and
talk about a dead bill when there was so many
live ones to be acted on.
The CHAIRMAN wished to know if the gen-
tleman from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] raised the
point of order that the remarks of the gentleman
from Tennessee were not in order, because they
.had no reference to the bill before the committee?
Mr. TOOMBS said that his point of order was,
that debate upon steamboats was not in order on
a pension bill.
The CHAIRMAN decided that the remarks of
the gentleman from Tennessee were in order. It ;
had been the invariable practice to permit debate
in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. TOOMBS appealed from the decision of
the Chair. The practice might have been per-
mitted but it was nevertheless a wrong one.
The question wai then taken on the appeal,
"Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the judg-
ment of the committee?" and it was decided in the '
negative.
So the decision of the Chair was reversed, and
the remarks of the gentleman from Tennessee
were ruled out of order.
On motion by Mr. BAYLY, the bill was then
laid aside to be reported to the House.
The committee then took up House bill No.
436—the Naval pension bill.
On motion by Mr. BAYLY, the committee then
rose,
And the Speaker having resumed the chair, the
chairman of the committee reported that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union had
directed him to report back House bills Nos. 434
and 435, being the Military Academy bill and the ,
Revolutionary pension bill, the former with an
amendment; and that thev had also had under
consideration House bill No. 436, the nnval pen-
sion bill, and had come to no resolution thereon.
The question was first upon the amendment re-
ported to the Military Academy bill, which was
concurred in, and the bill was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, wps read the third time and passed.
House bill No. 435, being a bill making appro-
priations for revolutionary and other pensions,
was then ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time; and beinsr engrossed according to order, was >
read the third time and passed.
Mr. BAYLY moved to reconsider tbe vote by
which the bills were.passed, and to lar the motion
to recensider upon the table; which latter motion
was agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY offered the usual resolution to
close debate in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, on the naval, pension bill, in
one minute after the committee should resume the
consideration of the bill.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, moved to
amend the resolution by substituting " one hour"
for " one minute."
The amendment was disagreed to, and the reso-
lution was then adopted. j
NAVAL PENSION BILL. •
On motion by Mr. BAYLY, the rules were
suspended, and the House resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the stat? of the Union,
(Mr. Richardson in the chair,) and resumed the ,
consideration of the naval pension bill.
On motion by Mr. BAYLY, the bill was laid
aside to be reported to the House.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion by Mr. BAYLY, the committee
next took up House bill No. 437, making appro-
priation for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian Department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes, for the
year ending June 30, 1852.
Mr. BAYLY suggested that as the bill was a
long one, the reading of it should be dispensed
with.
Mr. MEADE objected. He thought the bill
had better be read. If they went on at this rate
of dispatch, instead of not having time enough,
they would have three or four days more than
they wanted, rLaughter.]
Mr. BAYLY' said that the bill was thirty-five
pages long, and that there was not a controverted
item in it; they were all to carry out treaties. He
submitted to the committee, therefore, whether it
was worth while to waste an hour in reading the
bill. As to the remark of his colleague, [Mr.
Mf.ade,] he begged leave to say that these bills
which had been disposed of with so much dis-
patch, were uncontroverted bills, to which there
were no amendments to be offered. The dispatch
with which they had been disposed of was no cri-
terion of thetime which the Army, Navy, Post
Office, and Civil and Diplomatic appropriation
bills would occupy, to which hundreds of amend-
ments would be offered.
Mr. MEADE withdrew his call for the reading
of the bill.
The Clerk then reported the first paragraph
of the bill. F
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, said: I desire to
give notice here that it is my intention, at the
proper time, to offer certain amendments, to come
in at the end of the bill, which have been prepare*!
by the Committee on Indian Affairs, which meet
the approbation of the Indian Bureau, and which
are absolutely necessary to the successful opera-
tion of that Department of the Government here-
after. It is not my wish unnecessarily to con-
sume time, and I proceed to explain the "nature of
the amendment as briefly as 1 can. The object of
the series of amendments which I shall offer is to
effect that reorganization of the Indian Depart-
ment which the changed relations of our Govern-
ment, her very considerable acquisition of terri-
tory, the increased number of tribes, and the
amount of responsibility require. I will proceed
now to read the sections of my amendment, and to
explain each one succinctly; and while I do so I
respectfully ask the attention of those who feel any
interest in relation to this particular Department of
the Government, in order that they may be able to
ask any questions in relation to the amendments,
and to understand them thoroughly.
The first section of the amendment is as follows:
nd he it farther enacted, That from and after the thir-
tieth day of June next, all laws or parts of laws now in force
providing for the appointment or employment of superin-
tendents oflndian Amurs, of whatever character, for any of
the Indian tribes enst of the Rocky Mountains and north of
1 New Mexico and Texas, shall be and the same are hereby
repealed; ami that the President 1><> and be is hereby au-
thorized, by and with the advice and consent of tbe Senate,
to af^mint three superintendents of Indian Affairs for said
Indians, who shall receive an annual salary each of .f9,000.
I and whose duty it shall be to exercise a general superin-
tendence over such tribes of Indians as the Presidtnt.6fthe
United States or the Secretary of the Department of the In-
terior may direct, and to execute and perform all the pow-
ers and duties now assigned by law to superintendents of
Indian Affairs: Provided, That the Governor of Miunfesota
shall continue to be cx officio superintendent of Indian Af-
fairs for that Territory until the President shall otherwise
direct.
There are now four superintendents of Indian
Affairs in the original Indian territory. The
amount of salary which these gentlemen receive
is $1,500 per annum. There is now but one
of these superintendents with a full superintend-
ance. He is stationed at St. Louis. There is an
acting superintendent, who is agent of the Choc-
taws, anais stationed west of Arkansas, and there
is one in Michigan.
It is deemed by the Department that the loca-
tions of these superintendents are not altogether
the best for the services they have to perform.
The fourth superintendent,is the Governor of Min-
nesota, who is tx qfiicio superintendent of Indian
Affairs, and receives, as such Governor, an addi'
: tional compensation of $1,000. He is to be left
until such time as the Executive may deem it ex-
pedient to make a change. The extraordinary ef-
, ficiency of that officer renders it expedient that he
shall be retained, at least until such time as his
[ services shall be found to be unnecessary.
I now call the attention of the committee to the
question of the expen«£ of this reorganisation, by
which a superior efficiency is to be attained in the
! Indian bureau and the Indian service. If, sir, it
; can be shown that the reorganisation can .be ef-
fected so as to secure superior efficiency without
i increasing the expenses of the Government, but,
on the contrary, decreasing the amountof patron-
age in the hands of the Executive, and also the
incidental expenses of the Department, then, I
presume, the House will be satisfied to adopt this
plan of reorganization, which has been matured by
i the IndiaA Department, fully considered by the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and which I shall
i have the honor to-day to offer.
It will be perceived that $2,000 is the salary pro-
E' osed to be given to these several superintendents
ere created. I might have passed it by without
attracting attention to it, but I wish tbe committee
to see and consider it. The number of the super-
intendents is to be reduced ultimately from four to
three, and there will be in this instance an increase
of Al,500 in the expenses of the Government until
such time as the ex officio or acting superintendent,
the Governor of Minnesota, shall bedispensed with
by the Executive, and that is sure to take place
1 whenever there is any change in the Territory of
Minnesota in regard to this officer, and may take
place earlier, as it is left a matter of discretion. He
is retained at present in consequence of bis very
