«18
jCONGRfiSSIONAJb GLOWS.
Fet|.*2$,
tborised, hy and wiU> Um «dvic« «nd «maent of the Sen-
ate. to appoint four agents tor the Indians in the Territory
ot' Now Mexico, and one agcr.tftr tho e ill the Territory of
I'tah. wliii shall recti vp an annus! salary each ofj l,f>00, 1
nod perfbrm all tire il tie  <>l iwi'nt to meli i ndmns or tribes
w*hall be a^guuU Uicui bj Hie .^upttruiieiitUnt ot Indian
AiTiurs for thov Territories ref|Rvuvely, under the jiree-
tion  f the Prouted or Secretary ot the Department of the
Interior.
That section, Mr. Chairman, proposes to give
more Indian agents to New Mexico. That is en-
tirely beyond tlie system we have contemplated,
and the old limits of our Indian territory. The
salary proposed to be given to these four agents is
$•2,000 each. The object of" the creation of these
four agents, and at this increased salary, is to
enable the Department to obtain men of thai degree
of character, and of ability, for that particular sec-
tion of the country, that are needed to conduct
with success our Indian affairs in that quarter.
The number of Indians in that region is unknown,
and. almost everything has yet to be learned re-
specting them. Everything will be new, every-
thing has to l^e ascertained,in a portion of our
territory where the very number and localities of
the numerous tribes are unknown. We have
many treaties to conduct there, and to conduct
them properly it is indispensably necessary that
the men who shall be appointed shall not be like
the Commissioners who have too often hitherto
been selected, men who have cared for little but
their pay, men who felt no interest in the service
for itself, men who had no identification with it,
regarded no responsibility beyond that of the pass-
ing hour, and who were perhaps chosen and
rewarded for a mere polititical partisanship. We
require men of a high order of intelligence and
judgment, and these can be obtained for a salary
of $2,000. Such a salary in that country is not a
large one. It is well known that as we progress
to wards California the price of everything in creases,
and, therefore, what might be considered a good
salary here, would not there approach to it.
As to the position of the Bureau of Indian Af-
fairs, with whom the Committee on Indian Affairs
have advised, 1 will say a few words. The inform-
ation that has come from New Mexico calls for
and claims from the Government, the appointment
of a considerable number of agents there. Govern-
or Calhoun says that the United States Govern-
ment needs at least twenty efficient agents, and
that a smaller number will not do. Of the various
reports that hare come in, detailing the mimber of
tribes, their location, and other general statistical
information, the very lowest estimate tliatha3 been
made recommends the appointment of ten agents
as essentially and absolutely necessary. ]
Now, sir, the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
is desirous of preserving the full efficiency of that
Department, and in order to enable him to make
it so, he asks yon to authorize the appointment of
only /our agents; but for these agents he asks you
to provide the most efficient men you can give.
To get this efficiency you are asked to grant them
salaries of $2,000 each, as absolutely needful to
secure with certainty that object in that section of
country.
The House will readily recognize the necessity
for efficient agents in this region of country; not
only for the interests of the Government, but our
treaty stipulations with Mexico require that there
should exist an able and efficient agency to super-
intend our Indian affairs on the Mexican frontier.
I think it can hardly be necessary to urge addi-
tional argument as to the absolute necessity that
exists for the appointment in New Mexico of these
four full agents. I do hope that, considering the
very small number of sugerintendents asked for
by the Indian Bureau to perform such important
and extensive service, that they will be granted.
The fifth section is as follows;
And be it further enacted, That the superintendents and
ifents to be appointed under the provisions of thin act, be-
fore entering upon the duties of their respective offices,
shall give bond in puch penalties and with sucli security as
the President or Secretary of the Interior may require, and
shall hold their offices respectively for the term of four
years.
This section, I think, requires no explanation
whatever, and I shall pass on to the next section,
which reads thus:
Jind be U further enacted. That all the law% now in
force, regulating trade and intercourse with the Indian
tribes, or nueli provisions of the tame n* may be applicable,
shall be and the same are hereby extended over the Indian
tribe  iu tue Territories of New Mexico and Utah.
With regard to that seetion, if the Gommittee
will reflect but a short Utjie, it will perceive the
absolute necessity for the provision that it contains.
Dunng lost session of Congress these laws were
extended over Oregon. It is now necessary to
extend them throughout the balance of the Terri-
tories of this Goveiatneiu; this provision makes
that extension. I deem it that no further explana-
tion con be considered useful on that point.
The next section is as follows:
be it further enacted, That from and after the 30th
daj of June next, the salaries of the interpreters lawfully
employed in the service of the United States, in California,
Oregon, Utah, and New Mexico, shall be $500 per annum,
and oi'all no employed elsewhere $400.
In this section provision is made for an increase
of the amount of salary paid to those who are em-
ployed as interpreters, above what has been given
to them hitherto. 1 will just state that, in conduct-
ing our treaties with the wild Indian tribes, it ap-
pears to me that every one must comprehend the
absolute necessity that the most perfect communi-
cation and explicit comprehension should exist be-
tween the agents of the United States and the In-
dians, especially in the formation j of treaties and
the settlement of the various obligations that shall
forem both. At the present time, there are tra-
ing companies established in New Mexico that
employ interpreters at lugher salaries than those
we now pay to Government interpreters. In con-
fluence of this, the Government service is consid-
ered an inferior description of service to that per-
formed for the trading companies. The traders,
consequently, are supplied with better and more
intelligent interpreters than the Government. To
secure the best talen^o fill these offices which are
important and responsible, you are asked to give
larger remuneration than that heretofore paid.
This appears to me sufficient to show the demand
that is made to be reasonable and just, and the ne-
cessity that exists that better and more efficient
interpreters should be secured. I will therefore
pass to the eighth section, which is as follows:
J] iid be it farther enacted, That the chief clerk in the
office of Indian Affairs shall be allowed a salary equal to
that of the chief clerk of any other bureau, and that the ap-
pointment of four additional clerks in said office be and is
hereby authorized, two of whom shall be allowed a salary
of ®1,600 each, one a salary of $11,400, and one a salary of
$1,200, and that the payment of the salary of $1,400 to one
of the clerks in said office out of the Chickasaw fund be
discontinued, and that said salary be hereafter paid out of
the Treasury of the United States. Nor shall further pay-
ments be iuade oat of said fund to any clerk or clerki In
I any of the executive offices.
That section proposes to increase the grade in
the service, and raise the pay of the chief clerk in
the Indian Bureau, so that it shall equal that of
the chief clerk in any other bureau of this Gov-
ernment.   «
Mr. CARTTER. I rise to a point of order. I
submit that the gentleman from Arkansas is not
in order in proposing an alteration in the salary
of clerks in a bill making appropriations for the
Department.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ar-
kansas has not yet offered his amendment.
Mr. CARTTER. Then I raise the point of
order that the gentleman is not speaking to the
subject underg discussion.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The gentleman
from Ohio is almost too fast. If he will wait I be-
lieve I can readily meet his point of order. I
should be obliged, however, if the gentleman would
listen before raising a point of order that my
course of remark will not invite. I ask him and
the committee, candidly and considerately to hear
the reasons that I will give for the amendment I
shall hereafter offer; and when he has done so, if
he thinks the amendment proper, to vote for it; and
if not, he will of course vote against it. I wish
him and the House to act free from and untram-
meled by any prejudices that may exist. They
will find that the proposition I submit is intended
to, and I think will successfully, accomplish a
great improvement in the management of the In-
dian bureau and our Indian relations.
But to return to where I was interrupted: the
last section which I have read proposes to give the
chief clerk in the Indian bureau the same remu-
neration that is paid to the chief clcrks in other
bureaus of this Government. I may be asked
what that is: it is the sum of #2,000. What is the
good effect hoped to be gained by this change ? I
will explain. If you wish to have at the head of
this bureau one upon whom you can safely rely,
and you wish to retain such a one—if you wish to
, secure a man of character, and of a high degree of
intelligence and talent, worthy of the place he is
to occupy, you must offer remunerating pay. I
assert here, and that without.fear of contradiction,
that the duties performed by the chief clerk of the
Indian bureau are not, in point of responsibility,
difficulty, and importance, second to those per-
formed by the chief clerk of the State Department.
The Indian bureau is not one of mere detail and
routine—not n, mere matter of facts, figures, and
calculations. It is a bureau through which treaties,
i i involving hundreds of millions of money and piop-
j erty, are originated and concluded; a bureau that
has to act upon and take part in the formation of
a most solemn chapter in thelgws of the land. It
is A bureau that has to adviSe and fix the basis of
treaties with a class of people that our pride of
character should and does render us sensitive to
: see that all things shall be done wisely and justly
by them; and that, whilst we ourselves are free
I from injury, we protect them from the injustice that
II might be aone them, as well as ourselves, by in-
! competent officials.
i] I wish now to draw the attention of the cpin-
i mitteeto an important consideration in relation to
I; this matter. It is, that the chief clerkship of this
bureau is frequently vacated. In what manner ?
By removal for incompetency or by resignation. If
we will look into the circumstances, we will find
this to be the case. Few men are competent for
this task. But when a man has filled this office for
years, and the experience that he has thus gained
has rendered him fully qualified for the position he
holds, he resigns in consequence of the small
salary he is paid; and it is in the power of any
one of the claimants for the heavy sums of money
of late years discovered to be due the Indians, to
secure an able attorney for the usual fee in Indian
matters, twenty-five or fifty per cent.; and at the
same time deprive Government of her best defence,
to wit: one who is familiar with all the facts, and
able to turn them successfully in her favor or
against her. If corrupt, he can make the orders
fatal to her, and then resign and reap the benefit
of it. This office should be well paid, and faith-
ful men will then adhere to it. A mature and legal
mind and of experience is absolutely essential.
The Government must have men of this descrip-
tion to fill the offices that are intrusted with the
careof such vast interests. Disputes are constantly
occurring between the Indians and this Govern-
ment; and the former, knowing the necessity of
having some one to conduct their cases who is
fully versed ih the intricacies of the case and the
history of it in the Indian bureau, will come to the
man holding the office and say to him: "You are
the mam we want. You are well acquainted with
all the facts of tl^f case and the acts, whether legis-
lative or executive. We cannot successfully con-
duct our case against your knowledge; but with
your superior aid and experience to conduct our
case, we shall gain it. We will give you $10,000
or 420,000 if you will undertake it." What can
he be expected to do ? Will it be supposed that,
with such inducements, he would not quit the ser-
vice of the Government and engage in the more
lucrative one offered him? You will readily see,
that a man of the very highest integrity, in a posi-
tion like that, ought to have sufficient to sustain him
against want, to induce him to remain. The Gov-
ernment should be able to retain such men, on
whose judgment it should be able to rely, so that
its interests may not be sacrificed.
But I would also ask, on what ground is it that
an inferior compensation is made to the chief clerk
of the Indian bureau, compared with that paid to
the chief clerk of other bureaus ? Every one must
feel satisfied, little as I have said, with the im-
mensely-important character and power of this
office; and its duties cannot be considered other
than as of the first magnitude. This cannot con-
stitute a ground on which this Government deter-
mines to pay a smaller remuneration. The very
reason why the Committee on Indian Affairs has
been induced to recommend that the amount ot
pay should be raised is, that the character or the
service performed by the Indian bureau is such as
to demand the very highest capacity and purest
integrity,—men of legal mind and intellect, and an
experience of the tnost extended and minute de-
scription. We recommend this increase that such
men may be retained in the public employ.
With respect to the increase of four clerks pro-
posed to be granted by that last section, I will say
a few words. It cannot be considered too much
