620
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 20,
House will be uble to spare * little for these two
poor jnfn. (Laughter ]
Mr BAYLY moved that the committee rise,
v!?v to ^top debate; which motion was
igreed to
So the •.imimittee rose; and the Speaker having
resume i the chnir, 'lie ehairnmn of the committee
reported progress.
Sir. BAYLY moved the usual resolution to stop
de'wte 111 fifteen minutes after the House shall have
spun resolved itself into Committee of the Whole.
The question belli? taken, the motion was
•tgreed to.
On motion bv Mr. BAYLY, the rules uere sus-
pended, and the House resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
i Mr. Richardson in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the Indian bill.
Mr. FITCH offered the following amendment,
to come in after the clause appropriating for the
annuities of Eel River Miamiets, the following:
Proriiied. That thf several sums hereby appropriated to
•he Eel River Miaunes shall not be paid until satisfactory
proof has bten obtained by the ConiimsMoner of Indian Af-
fair^ ni t'ie etist-.-nce of ?uch band of Indians, and it >hall
• hrn N:paidt<> -u- h band unly : dnd proi-idedfurtkcr, That
if -.oid C'ommisfioner obtains satisfactory proof tliat the an-
nuities or any part thereof due said Eel Rivers have here-
tofore, erruneously ">r otherwise, been paid to any other
hand or nation of Indians, such sums thus paid shall be re-
imbursed to ?aid Eel Rues, if their existence is established,
in such installment!- as the Commissioner may direct, out of
tin annuities of tin nation or band to which the) lvere thus
raid.
Mr. Chairman, I simply wish to say, in refer-
ence to this amendment, that it meets the appro-
bation of the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, and meets with the approval of the
Commissioner of Indian Affaire. " It is a matter of
sheer justice, and it ought to be adopted. There
has l>ecn no objection proposed.
Mr. BAYLY. There is no objection to it.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment, and it waa agreed to
Mr. CLARKE. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs to propose the following
&ecuontJ to the bill, as they will obviate the neces-
sity of separate and distinct acts. The subject.has
been fully investigated by the committee. Both of
the sections I offer meet with the approval of the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, and if adopted
■ iiey will save the committee some trouble and \
labor.
The amendments were then read, as follow:
To defray the expeuses of the chiefs of thf* Oneida In-
dians in Wisconsin, ona visit to Washington in 1£>1, in re-
Iftt'ou 10 their treaties with the United States, rendered
ne^ewar* by the deranged condition of their affair* with
t]iu Federal Government, #1,000.
For arrearages due the first Christian and Orchard par-
ue^ot rjuieda Indians in YVif*con«rin, under the treaty of
J 794. $1,764 80.
Mr. HALL. I would like to ask the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Clarke] one question,
and Unit it;, if the same proposition has not been
before the Committee of Wayw and Means of this
House, and if the subject has not been provided
for by the deficiency bill?
Mr. CLARKE. I know nothing with reference
tu the first section which was proposed, and there-
fore am not able to answer the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Hall.] The second section was
fully investigated by the committee alone, inde-
pendent of the .Senate. I know nothing of the
facts.
Mr. HALL. I have no objection.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. I desire to
ask the gentleman, as this matter has been before
t ie Department, have they found so much due?
Mr. CLARKE. The\  have examined the ac-
counts, and certified that they find so much due.
Mr. BAYLY. The gentleman from Missouri
fMr. Hall] is mistaken in supposing that this
subject was before the Committee of Ways and
Means and rejected.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, said: It had
never been before any committee except the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs. It was thoroughly in-
vestigated by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Clarkk,] fully explained to the Committee on Iiv
dian Affairs, and adopted by them.
The question wan then token on Mr. Ci.arke's
Amendment, and it wafi agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, offered the fol-
lowing amendment as additional sections to the
hill relating to the reorganization of the Indian
department.:
Sic. iJ. And be it further enacted* That from and atler
the thirtieth day of June mwt, aJl la>\ a or part:> of l.uvt. now
in force pro\iding for the appointment nr rmpiO} mrnt of
superintendents n! Indian Attain-, of whatever ehnrnefer,
fur an> of the Indian tnbes ea*t of the Ilockv Mountain"
and north ot New Mexico and Texas. >hail h - and the same
are hereb} repealed; and tiiat the Proiduit bc,.uid he is
hereby authorised, by apdnith the advi«*' and < undent < '*
the Senate, to appoint three ^meHutiMtil'Mit* of Indian
Affairs for  aid Indian*, who sliall receive an annual <alarv
each of ^>,000, and who^e duty it shall be to extreme a
general Mipcrmtendeuce n\ cr such trib< s ot Indians  > thr
President of tiie United Htate* or the SeeriUirv of the I)e
partment ot the Interior may direct, and to r\eeut  rind per-
form all the powers and dunes now asMynrd by Jaw t<>
superintendents of Indian Allaire.. i'roeniei/.That the Gov-
ernor of Minnesota shall continue t" b«' c .-tiyenu-
tendent of Indian Afftnr* l« r  h;if TVrn?o> \ u fit t|i« Pre-'
dent shall otherwise direct
 Sec. 3. And bi *t lurther enacted y That hrreafier all
Indian treaties shall b< mgoliiiled by such ot!icer  and
agents of the Indian Dj p.irtinont as the r *cMdent of the
United States may designate for that purpose, pud no orti
cer or agent so employed «hali receive anv additional com
pensation tor such service.
Sec. 4. And bellfurl.Kc) cnactc<iy That :n lieu of Urn
twenty-three agents and Mib-a"tnt , heretofore cinplou d
for the Indians east of the Roekv Mom-tains and north o:
New Mexico and Texas, the President be, and he is hereb\
authorized, by and wiui the advice and connent of the Sen-
ate, to appoint eleven Indian agcnt*>, who &Jiall each rccen t
an annual salary of £1,500; and n!-o, six other agon*-,
witli an annua! salary '-ach of $1,000. whose appointment*.-
shall take elfeet from and alter the CWtli day of June next;
and the said agents shall execute .ind perforin all the pow-
ers and duties now aligned by law to Indian agent*-..
tit' . o. And be it farther cp.ffc/, That th«- President
be authorized, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, to appoint tour agents for the Indians in the Tern-
tory of S'ewMexico, and one agent tor those in tluj Territory
of Utah, who shall reeeivc an annual salary each of ^l,50d,
and perform all the duties of a?ent tn >'!:h Indian6 oi tribt:-
as shall be assigned them by the Superintendent of Indian
Affairs tor those Territories respectively, under the direc-
tion of Hie President or Secretary of the Department of the
Interior.
Sec. 6. And be it further encctcd, That the superin-
tendents and agents to be appointed under the provisions
of this act, before entering upon the duties of their respect
ive otficea, bhall give bond in fcucli penalties and with such
security as the President or Secretary of the Interior may
require, and shall hold their offices respectively for *he t*:rm
of four yeary.
{Sec. 7. -ind be in further enacted, That all the laws
now in force, regulating trade and intercourse with tne In-
' dian tnbes, or such provihions of the same as may be aj>-
plicable, ?«tiall be and the same are hereby extended over
the Indian tr&ee in the Territories of New Mexico and
Utah.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That from and after
the 30th da> of June next, the salaries of the interpreters
lawfully employed in the service of the United States, in
California, Oregon, Utah, and New Mexico, nhall he $500
per annum, and of all so employed elsewhere $400.
Hec. 9. And be it further enarted, That the cluef cierH
in the office of Indian Affairs shall be allowed a salary
equal to that of the chief clerk of any other bureau, and
that the appointment of four additional clerk* in snid otiice
be and if> hereby authorized, two of whom Fhall be allowed
a salary of $1,000 each, one a salary of >5,400, and one
a salary of $1/200, and that the payment of the salary ot
$1,400 to one of the clerks in said office out of the Chicka-
saw fund be discontinued, and that ••aid «ahuy be hereaftei
paid out of the Treasury of the United Stales. Xor shall
further payments be made out of said tund to any clerk or
clerks in an> of the executive offices.
Mr. HALL moved to strike out ^y,00U where-
ever it occurs in the proposed iimendment, and to
insert $1,500.
Mr. H. Mr. Chairman, I regret that the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Arkansas [Mr.
Johnson] had not been printed for the use of the
committee, for it is one of very greut importance
to the constituency of several gentlemen upon this
floor, among whom i am one. Relying upon the
intelligence of that gentleman, and the statement of
the Commissioner of Indians Affairs, I am deter-
mined to interpose no objection to the adoption of
the amendment. I think, however, that the sum
named as the proposed salary to the Indian agent
in New Mexico, is unnecessarily large. In the
year 1846 it became the duty of General Kearny,
when in New Mexico, to fix the salaries of certain
officers there. He was instrumental in fixing the
salaries of judges of the court of that Territory.
Those salaries were fixed upon information de-
rived oil the spot—information acquired from cit-
izens residing there. I find that the judges of the
superior court were allowed only $1,500 sal-
ary. This sum was considered sufficient pay for
these judges, and they were employed upon those
salaries. I believe they were as good men an we
could get into theseofho.es. The expenses of liv-
ing are no higher in New Mexico than nM Iip places
where these agents are to be established. One of
the most intelligent and efficient men in the United
Suites, Mr. Fitzpatrick,is now stationed upon the
frontiers of New Mexico, where his expenses nre
not certainly larger than most of the agents in that
section, and yet he is anxious to keep his post at
a salary of $J ,500. A few months nhe was ve
moved and another gentleman appointed to suc-
ceed him. Mr. Fnzpii trick was so anxious to get
back, at the i-aiarv of $1,500, that h<> applied to
our delegation and we recommended him. I am
happy to say that he was reinstated in lus office;
and 1 believe we cannot get any better gentleman
this side of the Rocky mountains than Mr. Fitz-
patrick to fill the office to which he is assigned, as
e\ fiits have justified. We provide in that amend-
ment that the agents on this side of the Rockv
Mountains shall receive only #1,500. Now, one
ofthe.se agents is stationed at .Yellow-Stone river,
two thousand miles above St. Louis. He can
get hardly anything to eat except meat, his ex-
penses are much greater than those of the Indian
agents in New Mexico can possibly be; besides,
ne is excluded from the society of the white race
Is it fair to give this agent at the mouth of the
Yellow-Stone, who has to live exclusively amohg
the Indians, and is cut off from c!l intercourse with
the white race, only $1,500 per annum, while you
propose to give to the agents in New Mexico, who
live among people of their own color, and who
have associates of their own class, $2,000? I think
it is unjust, and if this amendment be adopted as
it now stai'ds, we shall soon have petitions coming
up from the other Indian agents, for an increase of
salary. I hope that £2,000 will be stricken out
wherever it occurs in the amendment, and that the
amendment I propose be adopted.
Mr. McGAUGHEY. I am opposed to the
amendment of the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Hall,] not so much on account of anything that
is exceptionable in the amendment, but I am op-
posed to the whole amendment—the proposition of
the gentleman from Arkansas, [Mr. Johnson.] I
desire to keep the whole amendment as it is, so that
when it comes up we might destroy it altogether
I regard it as a system, the tendency of which will
])e to increase tlie expenses of the Government.
It is for that reason that I am opposed to it in toto.
It proposes to increase the number of Indian
agents; not only to increase them, but to increase
the nay of those already in service.
Mfr. JOHNSON. The gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. McGaughet] is entirely mistaken. It pro-
vides for a decrease in the number of agents.
Mr. McGAUGHEY. I think I am not entirely
mistaken. I think 1 am not mistaken as to this
fact, that if the proposition is adopted, it will make
an increase of four to the present Indian agents,
and that it will increase their pay from $1,500 to
$2,000 a year. I think I am not mistaken in the
fact, that it will increase the number of clerks in
the present Indian Bureau in this city. You can
scarcely find u section in it which is not a section
of increase: and if there is a single section of it
which is a section of decrease of salary, I have
not been able to find it. The kind of bill which
would recommend itself to me, is such a one as
would provide for a decrease of salary, and not an
increase.
I am opposed to it for another reason, and it is
,this: that it ir brought in here at the heel of the
session without ever having been printed or laid
upon our desks. We have to take it entirely upon
credit—upon the credit of this Indian Committee
that has been in the habit of making so many re-
ports to this House, not of the most palatable
character to me, I must confess.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Did I under-
stand the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Mc-
Gaih.iiey] to say that the reports made to this
House by the Indian Committee were discredita-
ble to them
Mr. McGAUGHEY. I did not say that they
were discreditable to the committee, but unpalata-
ble to me.
Mr. JOHNSON. I besr your pardon, .th*t
makes a difference.
Mr McGAUGHEY. There is   very gr>-at
difference between the two words.
Mr. JOHNSON. Very great.
Mr. McGAUGHEY. This bill ougiu not to
be adopted, because it changes the entire system o
our relations with ihe Indian?.. There has been no
opportunity ^iven for the mveKufration of this m -
jeer, because thin proposition m nn amendment
which has never been primed and laid upon_o«r
table. The r^ost prominent sections m it, I find,
are sections which' authorize the payment of new
superintendents of Indian affairs with an increase
