1851.
THfi CONGKESSfOSAK' GLOBE.
621
of salary—new Indian agents with an increase of
salary—an additional number of clerks with an in-
crease of salary, and the chiaf clerk in that Depart-
ment with an increased salary
fHere the hammer fell.]
.Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, inquired
whether it was in order to move an amendment to
increase the sum to §1,550?
The CHAIR said it would not be in order, for
there was an amendment already pending.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, inquired of the
Chair if he could reply to the gentleman firom In
diana?
The CHAIR decided that he could not. .
The quesuon was then taken upon Mr. Hall's
amendment to the amendment oi. Mr. Johksok,
and it was not agreed to.
The question men recurred upon Mr. Johnson's
Amendment.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moTed to
amend the amendment by substituting $1,550 for
$2,000 as the salary of the agents.
Mr. T. said: I desire to express myself as re-
gards the whole amendment. I believe the whole
amendment, as perfected and,amended , by the
Indian Committee, is a wise and politic measure.
Th^ gentleman from Indiana [Mr. McGal'Ohky]
says Sis objection to it is, that it has beenbrought
forward at u very late period, « ■ • a
theCommu^ioner of Indian __
printed and laid upon ojji- table. It is his fault if
he has not read it, for it has been laid upon our
d*sks, Th«re is uotliing in.the.biH which i3 jiot
in exact conformity with the report made by ihe
Commissioner of Indian .Affair*. It was drawn
up by that Department. In the reasons which
'-b< gentleman has given for the position he takes,
 -e are at issue; and it is strange we are at' issue
upon a subject which seems to me to be so plain
if he will but examine it. He says that his ob-
jection is mainly—for the other objection'he takes
I think is a mere make-weight—that it increases
the expenses of the Department. My argument is,
that it diminishes; the expenses, and diminishes
the Executive patronage, and I therefore honor
the Department for bringing forward a measure
of this kiwi. V« heaever the Department comes
forward and recommends a measure of retrench-
ment and reform, it shall certainly receive my sup-
port. In the appropriation bills we have an ap-
propriation of more than $175,000 for the purpose
of Making treaties. Well, with these $175,000
you employ a great many men to carry out these
treatise. Who are Uie men. that are employed ■
Yoar hangers-on about Washington. Many of
them are ex-members of Congress thrown out of
efijpkiynMnt, and when they go ogtqpoaan occa-
sion of this sort, there is difficulty in the .'treaties !
*fc«y  i*ke. They are emplpyed solely for the j
purpose of making treaties. But I would confine
the whole subject to the, official* of the* Govern- j
ment, and I would give them fin increase of salary
for the performance of their duty. This simple
section provides for diminishing the Executive
patronage, a d it will cover a multitude of aias iti
my estimation. So long as I have had any coiv-
■Mctiotj with the Indian Department I have, seen *
the evil growing out of the whole sulgect, and am
satisfied that this powwr of appointing "ad iilntum"
is a greatabuse. .We have a greett many Indians
with, whom to make treaties* and the number of
agents must be necessarily large.
_ I concur with the opinion of the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Hall,] that £1,500 is a fair sum,
but inasmuch as it has been vpted down, I hone
Wf may take ^1^50.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I am glad M>
«pjy to the gentleman from (Indiana, [Mr. Mc-
Gacgiiet,] who has told you that the bill,ought
not to be adopted, because wehad have no time for
investigation of the subject, coming up at so late
a period of the session. But, sir, this delay can-
not be attributed to me. The bill originated with
the Administration. It has been acted upon with
exteaordinajy promptitude by the. committee over
which I am honored in presiding. When I am
striving to carry out the views of his Administra-
tion by -granting them^he appropriation they ask,
he is attacking them. I have but a word to say
in relation to it. I do not care one solitary cent
about it. Strike it down. Strike down the bill
which, provides means for supporting your Whig
Administration, if you please. I care nothing
about it, for your Administration has been nothing
but a curse upon the country, already: solemnly o , salaries of the officers who remain. Now it is
.ciirje upon row country, l'hat is my sentiment said that the reason for increasing these salaries is
about it. And that sentitwentis the same with me because a higher grade of public service is required,
whether I consider it first under its southern head, The gentleman says the bill curtails the number of
or now under its northern. I have endeavored | officers enough to justify them in increasing the
merely to discharge my own duties as chairman am«unt that is to be given to those who are retained.
of the committee—to perform the duties that have
devolved upon me as an humble member of the
American Congress here. And when I have found
a capable, faithful, and efficient officer, as I do be-
lieve your Commissioner to be, for the good of the
country, and not your Administration, I have de-
sired to sustain him. As to this proposition for
fixing the salary of these agents in the bill, it is
out of no personal feeling for the men or for the
Administration, that I desire to give than* this ad-
ditional money. I believe that the higher duties
and increased responsibilities, and the interests of ]
Now, sir, I will tell you what will be the effect of
this. You strike down the number of officers and
increase the salaries. By doing this you fix the
amount 6f salary, and by and by the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs will come forward and say, I
hwte not got officers enough; I want four additional
officers to discharge the duties. You will give him
the, additional number of officers required, and fix
their salaries at the increased rale which this bill
proposes to establish. This is the way these in-
creases comtnence, which load down and burden
Jrour Treasury. They commence under the spe-
the country, demand this increase of salary. So J^cious name of'economy. You strike out one or
much for this. As to the bill itself, I say it ioes 1
decrease the number of these officers ana agents
as authorized and made necessary by previous
laws—laws that existed.previous to our treaty with
Mexico, and the existing, and'now most defective, i
expensiv-e, and inefficient System of Indian service'.
two in the mtmber of your officers and enlarge
the salaries of those remaining, and .then you will
increase the number afterwards. Why, by the pro-
visions of this very bill you increase the number
of clerks, you increase the pay of the chief clerk.
Yon do it under the pretence that his services are
As to the cuttingdown of these salaries to $1,500, ' exceedingly valuable* in making treaties with the
' say> farther, that if the friends of the Admin- Indians and forotherpurposes. According to the
art Concerned^ I invite vqu to do it; bwt knowing
die services ptrfbrhied thesea^ents ,here(of6fe,
ana, .knowing the much .higher s grade®?service >
aadthe increased amount of thfeserviee uadertite
prtsent proposed reorganisation, and th«t a supe-
rior grade and class of mfen is required moralty
and intellectually, tuid kaowing the privations of
this kind of life to a gentleman, I aro desirous that
they should receive a fuH equivalent for their ser-
vices. I am satisfied they cannot .be had with
certainty without.it. I am willing to give audi a
salary as will enable the Administration to send
men who shall be fit for then- duty, and which for
Arij^A ivvill - v\ I r a — 1. — K J ?  . a   *
to control ftnd shape the policy
of the Government in fegarf to our Indian rela-
tions. Now, if this chief clerk is to do the work
eif the Commissioner, why not strike out the office
of. Commissioner of Indian Affairs altogether and
gfte his Salary to the chief clerk ? I am against
this bill altogether.
Mr. JOHNSON; of Arkansas. I shall only gay
that tftere is a decrease in the number of these
Indian agents, and a decrease in the actual amount
of salary to be paid to them of #3,<100. I speak
of the agents Within the Kmits of the old territory,
that is to say, all this side of the Rocky Mountains
lying north and east of New Mexico. Who is so
wlCC v^oma^e(a Administration^ respecta- ' preposterous as to expect all the new territories
~~ *' ' ana hundreds of new tribes, numerous and war-
, like, to be embraced under die old or any other
system without increased expense and additional
officers? There is a decrease of six in the number
j employed. There is'a decrease in the contingent
ana incidental, expenses for these six officers, ob-
tained by doing away with them, at the lowest
estimate, of $3,000 more. Now with regard to
the increase of clerks. Let me ask these gentle-
: men, have they already forgotten the increase they
j have made to the Post Office Department of about
forty—the increase to the Third Auditor's Office—
the increase to the Pension Office, and the increase
of clerks rendered neeessary in all the Departments
in consequence of the extended operations of this
Government after the late war witn Mexico? Only
four clerks are asked for the Indian Department.
The facts are, that it has been the custom of. the
clerks in this Department, under its present l a>d,
to perform the work before them, and to labor on
from the ttsual hour of commencing until thfc work
required is done, though it be after the usual
hour of closing work. This is eminently true of
the Commissioner and chief clerk. This I know
myself. There will be need of more clerks in that
Department as its operations extend, and as our
frontiers enlarge. Of course, we shall be enn-
Ue. Desiring to secure the services of the best
men who could be emploved forthis service, Dem-
ocrat as I was, I was wiAjng to sustain this prop- ,
osition. If the friends of the Administration de- ,
sire to knock this measure .in the head, let them !
do it as soon as they please. As chairman of the j
committee I hav e endeavored to discharge ray duties
faithfully, and I have recommended what I con-* !
scientiously believed was right and proper under
the circumstances, and I leave the matter with the
friends of the Administration, and leave it with '
profound indifference.
The question was then taken on Mn Tho.vf- i
son's amendment to the amendment, and it was j
agreed to. ,,
Mr. McGAUGHEY moved to reduce that sal- !
ary to f 100. He said that he moved this attiend*
ment for the purpose of saving what he desired
to say upon the subject. ...
Mr. McG. said: The gentleman from Arkan-
sas, [Mr. Johnson,J I suppose, is very liberal in
support of this Administration, I suppose he would
desire to be liberal to any Administration, whether
he agreed with it or not; that he Would give,any
Administration as much as would enable'it fo
carry on the operations of the Government. This
is sp much in his favor. But I must be allowed
to say, that if he supposes I am in favor of an in- j, stantly extending our acquaintance and extending
crftlSff'ofSAmrtrinmmKAnfaWkiiM ««•.   ;*u - T-irr ^-i • .   • V5
crease'of Salary because the incumbents are Whigs,
or because the ones, to be appointed al*e Whigs,
he is very, much mistaken. , I will not give this
Administration one dollar that I would not have
given to any preceding Administration. I will
not encourage it to be extravagant. Even if the
honorable gentleman, the chairman of the Indian
Committee, should bring in bills the tendency of
which will be to encourage any, kind of extrava-
gance, I will hot encourage such extravagance by
voting in favor of those bills.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, (interrupting,) '
rose to a point of order. Jle wished to know
whether there was any question before the com-
mittee?
The CHAIRMAN stated that the gentleman
had submitted'n motion.
Mr. McGAUGHEY (resuming.) Now It is
said that this bill diminishes the number of officers,
and thereby in vol v'es no increase in the expenditures
of that Department., , I- cannot bamistaken in one
fact, at least, that tBis bill proposes to increase the
our dealings with the Indian tribes just acquired,
and the Department will be compelled to send its
agents to transact business and to make treaties
with them, and the whole service will be enlarged
with time.
Mr. HtiLUAItD asked if any amendment was
now in order?
The CHAIRMAN. Not until the pending
motion is disposed of.
Mr. McGAUGHEY asked leave to withdraw
his amendment.
Objection was .made.
The question was then taken on Mr. Mc-
Gacghey's amendment to the amendment, aud it
Was not agreed to.
Mr. HlLLljyRD. I move to increase the sal-
ary to $200. I do it for the purpose of making a
remark. I am for economy, but I believe it is
cheaper to pay agents to look after those Indians,
than it is to pay men to fight them. We must
either deal justly and generously with them, or
we must deal harshly, and fight with them. Now
