mv
THE COmRESSIOOSAL GLOBK
623
m conjunction with the memorial just presented.
Ii is Senate bill No. 302, to «rrant the right of pre-
emption to actual settlers on certain lands in the
State of Arkansas.
The PRESIDENT. It requires the unanimous
consent of the Senate. If there be no objection
the bill will lie taken up.
The bill wm taken up, considered in Committee
of the Whole, and
On motion by Mr. BORLAND, recommitted
to the Committee on the Publics Lands, with the
memorial above named.
Mr. ATCHISON presented two petitions from
citizens of Missiuri, asking the establishment of
a certain mail from St. Chirles to Mexics, in that
State; which were referred to the Ctfmmittei on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. HALE presented the memorial of the
children and heirs-at-law of 'Nathaniel Hobbs,
asking- the reimbursement of moneys advanced
by their father, to induce the enlistment of men
during the revolutionary wart which was referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have received and been
requested to present a memorial very numerously
signed by citizens of  Allegheny county, in the
State r>€ Pennsylvania. These memorialists rep-
resent that specific duties on imports is the true
system, end the only one that will afford protee-
Uoo to'the home producer, and ask a moira cation
of-the tariff of 1846. They further represent that
one of the most distressing evils to which Ameri-
can labor has been subjected is by the introduction
of the pauper labor of Europe, which is fcemg
brought into competition with American labor;
and they ask that a capitation tax of at least #100
be placed on all future emigrants arriving in this
country. This memorial was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
I have also a memorial from the Mayor, Board
of Aldermen, and Common Council of the city of
Georgetown, in favor of a line of steamers to the
western coast of Africa, in which they represent
that, owing to the stringent legislation and police
regulations of the neighboring States, free negroes
are flocking into this District as a city of refuge,
and that as a mass they are neither holiest nor
serviceable, as the records of the courts and the ob-
servation of our citizens prove. They represent
that they are laboring under a great grievance, and
that while others may advocate a speedy connec-
tion with Liberia from the commercial advantages
to be derived, they urge upon out attention, as
their local Legislature, the establishment of such a
line as a remedy the most effective and humane
for the evils under which'they labor, and assure
as that they look upon airy plan which proposes
directly or indirectly the more easy deportation of
free negroes to Liberia with great interest, and ear-
neatly express the hope that it may secure our ap-
proval. I will move its reference to the Committee
for the District of Columbia, and commend the
memorial to its consideration, satisfied that it will
do all it can to carry oat the wishes of the memo-
rialists.
The memorial was so referred. -
Mr. DICKINSON. Mr. President,'! have
been requested to present the memorial of the
Mayor and members of the Common Council of
Brooklyn, hi the State of New York, praying for
the establishment of a line of steamers to Southern
Europe and to the western coast of Africa, to
carry the mails, and also for thepuroose of carry-
ing out free "blacks to the coast of Africa. They
represent that in going to Southern Europe they
can touch at thewestern coast of Africa. They
farther ask that provision may be made for the
withdrawal of our African squadron. They rep-
resent that if Congress; as they assert, has the
constitutional power, it should grant some en-
couragement for the purpose of colonization, and
that then gtate Legislatores would lend their aid,
and the'free blacks would be removed from the
country. I have a strong sympathy with so very
desirable an object. I think some incidents which
have recently transpired teach us that it is the
bast mode of elevating this unfortunate race. So
long ss they remain with and among- a race so
greatly their superiors in numbers and all that
makes up the character' of man, their condition
can never be ameliorated or elevated, in my hum-
ble judgment. I commend this memorial to the
Committee on Commerce, to Which I move that
it be referred. The source from which it emanates
authorizes, in my judgment, the printing of the
rfiemorial;' I therefore move that it be printed.
The memorial was referred to die Committee
on Commerce, and (lie niqUon to print was re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing, !
Mr. JONES presented a petition of citizens of !
Richmond, Iowa, asking the establishment of 'a
mail route from Muscatine to the county seat of !
Poweschick county, in that State; whicli was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Oifice and
Post Roads. *
Mr. MORTON presented a petition front citi-
zens of Key West, Florida, aslting the establish- i
ment of a monthly mail between that place and ,
Mobile; which was referred to the Committee on j
the Post Office and Post Roads. j
Mr. SEWARD presented three petitions of !
inhabitants of New York, asking the immediate j
repeal of the act of Congress for the delivery of !
fugitive slaves. j
On motion by Mr. BADGER, it was ordered I
that they lie on the table. j
Mr. COOPER presented two petitions from in-
habitants of Pennsylvania, asking the immediate
repeal of the lateact of Congress for the delivery
of fugitive slaves; which were ordered to lie on the
table. i
Also, a petition from citizens of Pennsylvania,
asking that slavery may be prohibited in the Ter-
ritories of the United*.Stages *nd b<}ii#hed in the
District of Columbia,.and th&Uitt Jmpie^jave States
oaay ,b^j«.dmiU«d. info thp Upwo?! wnj<?lvwa /or-
dered to lie o% thsja'ul?, . . ,f, .. ,H_,: If
Mr. COOPER. 1 also present resolutiotxaof
the Legislature of Pennsylvania, in favor of the
establishment of aline of mail steamers from Phil>-
adelphia, by the way of Norfolk, to Europe; and
from San Francisco to Shanghai, in China. They j
were adopted by the Legislature of Pennsylvania, I
and forwarded to me to be presented to the Senate, j
These resolutions set forth, in general,terms, the j
great advantage which would result to this country
from the establishment of the proposed line; and
speak in higb but deserved terms of the knowledge
and skill which Mr. Ambrose W. Thompson, the
projector of it, has displayed in the construction
ana management of the steam vessels belonging
to the "Atlantic Steam Navigation Company."
It was through his perseverance, energy, and abil-
ity that this last-m&ntioned line was projected and
carried into successful operation; and it is to his
scientific and practical knowledge and skill that
the company are in possession of a number of the
very finest'steam vessels afloat.
It would afford me pleasure to comply With the
request of a letter accompanying these resolutions,
to speak of the high character aad sterling integ-
rity of Mr. Thompson, and of his ability and dis-
position to carry into full and complete effect the
enterprise contemplated in his memorial, the prin-
ciples of whieh nave" been adopted in a report
made to the House of Representatives. But as
Mr. Thompson is both well and favorably known
to most of the members of this body as well as to
the country, I forbear to occupy the time of the
Senate in performing a w#rk o£ supererogation.
The resolutions were referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs. -
Mr. COOPER also presented resolutions from
the Legislature of Pennsylvania, in favbr of the
distribution of the reports of the decisions of the
Supreme Court.of the UnilSd States; which were
referred t© the Committee on the Judiciary.
Also, a petition from citizens of Pennsylvania,
asking a modification of the tariff; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance. „ .
Mr. DAYTON presented a petition frofn Sam-
uel K. Rase, and other citizens of Trenton, New
Jerseyt asking that no further legislation may be
had-onthe patentlaWs during the present session)
nor until the subject has been examined by a spe-
cial committee.
Also, from inventors and mechaniesof the same
place, asking the same; both of which were or-
dered to lie on the table.
Mr. STURGEON presented the petition of Ab-
ner Hancoek, asking to be allowed arrears of
pension; which was referred ta the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. WALKER. I present the memorial and
accompanying papers of Amos Kendall and John
E. Kendall, asking the payment of their claims
against the Western Cherokee#.
The memorial and report go on to show wherein
I the actioil of Congress has done find, will.do them
' injustice in withholding money due to them from
the Indians for services rendered to them, not only
in procuring the allowance of their claim, but for
services rendered in other respects for which they
stipulated to' pay. Of the merits of this case I
know nothing. It has been sent to me to present,
and 1 do so cheerfully, as it was on my motion that
the amendment was adopted which Mr. Kendall
thinks does him injustice. I move the reference
of the memorial and accompanying papers to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
The itootidn was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE presented thepetition of farmers
and gardeners in Washington county, in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, asking the enactment of a law
j to protect thena against the trespasses of gunners
and others, and an appropriation for the improve-
ment of the road from Benmng's bridge to the city;
which, was referred to the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
! Also, from citiiens of Pennsylvania, asking such
modification of the bounty land law as will secure
one hundred and sixty acres of land to those that
served in the war of 1812; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
, Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition of citizens
of New York,very numerously signed, asking that
; courts may be empowered to declare patents illegal
when proved to be so; which was ordered to lie on
the table. •. , , •  ■ > • ,  ■ ..
Mr. CHASE-. I present a memorial of citiaens
of Cin«in*mti,,Ohi< , a*king,a donation ,of land for
the_0hio aad Mississippi railroad, and the Cincin-
nati arid Belpre railroaidi 1 ■
•. ^The memorial refers to an important-link in the
great chain of communication between the Atlan-
I tic and the Pacific. Rut I understand from the
I chairman of the Committee on the Public Lands
; that that committee has adopted a principle not
, to recommend any. appropriations of the public
lands for the purpose of aiding an incorporated
; company. I do not myself see any great distinc-
tion between appropriating land by way of a
grant to a State, then to be granted by the State to
a company, and appropriating the lands to the
j company in the first instance. But, as such has
i | been the decision of the commitee, I move that the
| memorial be received and laid upon the table. I
;i make these.remarks that, the petitioners may un-
| demand the reason for such a disposition.
The memorial was laid upon the table.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, it was ordered
j that the-widow and heirs of Robert! H. Morris
have leave to withdraw their petition and papers.
REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES.
. Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, to which was referred House bill
entitled ".An act to enable J^cob Banta to locate
.two revolutionary military land, certificates," re-
ported b&ck the same, without amendment, and
recommended its passage.
1 Mr. JONES, from the Committee on Pensions,
i to which were referred the petition and papers in
j the case of William Brown, submitted a report in
j writing, which was ordered to be printed, accom-
I panied by a bill for the relief of William Brown,
| which was read and passed to a second reading.
• AlsOj from the same committee to which was
referred the petition of Charles Taylor, asking a
pension ori: account of wounds received m the late
I war with Great Britain, submitted a report, which
1 was ordered to be printed, accompanied oy a bill
] for the relief t>f Charles Taylor, which was read
j and passed to a second reading.
Also* from the same committee, to which was
J referred the petition of Francis Fowler; asking a
pension or other pecuniary aid, submitted a, re-
port, which was ordered to be printed, adverse to
the prayer of the petitioner.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of Sarah Ladd, asking a pen-
sion, submitted a report, which was ordered to be
' printed, adverse to the prayer of the petitioner.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of Rebecca Bright, widow of
! Jacob Bright, who was killed in the public service,
, submitted a report, which was ordered to be print-
I ed, adverse to the prayer of the petitioner, on the
ground that her husband was neither by enlist-
! ment or appointVnent attached to either the army
| or navy, but simply an employe, and the commit-
! tee cannot sanction the policy of extending the
j pension laws to such cases.
