626
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 21,
increase the difficulties which now exist, owing to
the facility which the law aJlows to overflow this
country with foreign product*, especially when
we have the means among ourselves, excluding
labor which we have not so cheap, to supply the
country and furnish a market which foreign coun-
tries do not afford to our agricultural products.
Mr. DAWSON. I regret that my friend from
Pennsylvania should bring in the tariff question
upon a proposition of this kind. It is rather an
unpleasant mode of discussing this question, to
produce unkind feelings in any section of the coun-
try towards the manufacturing interests. Now,
what is this proposition ? Merely to extend the
time of paying the duties upon railroad iron
imported into this country, and imported for
whom? Not for a moneyed aristocracy, as the
gentleman supposes; not for capitalists, but for
the benefit of portions of the States of Georgia
and Tennessee, through a mountain region where
there is little wealth, and where this internal im-
provement will be consummated bv the industry
of the men themselves who have taken the stock
in the road. This road will open a channel di-
rectly up to the Senator's State, by which his iron
can be sent down cheaply, and 1 nope so cheaply
as to supersede the necessity of foreign importa-
tion. Why, if we asked to be relieved from the
payment of duties his argument might be good,
for that would constitute free trade; it would per-
mit an article to be brought in from a foreign
country without taxation. But that is not the
proposition. It is simply asking a little delay, to
relieve these stockholders, who are planters in
that section of the country, from paying down the
• money, when all the money they now have is to
be expended in the construction of the road and
the purchase of iron.
I think there is not a Senator from any of the
western States, to which we have given so much
public lands to build railroads, who will oppose
this proposition. One of the States asks you to
give them nothing, but only asks you to give her
a little indulgence. It is one of the most just
propositions. It is asking nothing from the Gov-
ernment but an extension of time. The Govern-
ment will not lose a dollar. The whole of the
duties will finally come into the Treasury; and I
submit to the Senator whether it will aid Penn-
sylvania iron or those forges and furnaces which
have been stopped to prevent the granting of this
indulgenceWill it operate beneficially to the
manufacturing interests? On the contrary, the
agricultural interests which are so deeply connect-
ed with these improvements through the western
mountains of Tennessee, will feel it an unkindness
on the part of the manufacturing interests, and it
will create a feeling among the planting interests
of this country unkind to the manufacturing inter-
ests; for this argument proceeds on the policy that
misery delights in having companions, and that
because the manufacturing interest is oppressed
you will oppress the agricultural interest. I know
the Senator does not intend this, but that would
be the practical result of this denial of justice and
indulgence to that section of the country.
The object is to harmonize all the interests of
this country and to do justice to all. I do trust
that this opposition will be withdrawn, and that
this indulgence will be granted, and that Georgia
and Tennessee may run their railroads up into
Virginia and Pennsylvania, so that we may get
railroad iron and other iron from the State of
Pennsylvania cheaper than we now get it, not by
diminishing prices at the furnaces there, but by
diminishing the cost of transportation. It will
increase the consumption of Pennsylvania iron,
and perhaps put fire again into forges and fur-
naces. The better plan will be to unite and har-
monize together for those interests if you expect
us to protect yours.
Mr. PEAIICE. It seems to me to be wrong
hi principle to allow a relaxation of the general
system of revenue laws in favor of one corpora-
tion or association and deny it to similar corpora-
tions and associations. The State of Maryland
has a railroad which runs among the mountains,
and which would be quite as worthy of this re-
laxation as the railroad in favor of which it is
now proposed to be made. I am opposed to all
such extraordinary liberality on the part of the
Government. I think it is not our duty to he ex-
traordinarily liberal. If you make an exception
u  favor of this road it is partial; and if it is par-
tial it is unjust. Yourlaws should be equal while
' they are liberal; they should apply to one as well
as to another; and, therefore, if you change the
revenue law in regard to one company, or one in-
ternal improvement, I do not see how you can
avoid disregarding the general rules which every
Senator, I suppose, deems it his duty to observe,
to extend this relation to a single company. I wish
to test the sense of the Senate on the propriety of
partial legislation, which I think is always unjust
legislation. I therefore move to amend the first
section of the bill by striking out the words " of
the East Tennessee and Georgia Railroad Com-
pany, in the construction of their road," and in-
serting—
" For the u e of any railroad in the Uuited States, and
which shall be intended to be employed in the construction
of any such road."
That will give equal justice to all similar roads
in the United States.
The section, if thus amended, will read as fol-
lows:
"That the Secretary of the Treasury be and he is herebv
authorized and directed to allow a credit of four years for
the amount of (July which may accrue upon the importation
of railroad iron for the use of any railroad in the United
States, and which shall be intended to be employed in the
construction of any such road : Provided, That the said
company shall give bond, with approved security, to be ap-
proved by the judge of the United States for the district of
East Tennessee, or 5y the collector of the port into which
such railroad iron may be imported, for the payment of such
amount of duty."
Mr. CLAY. I think this measure has come
rather irregularly before us, and that we are not
acting upon it with the caution which ought to be
observed on a matter so important to the public
revenue. What is the state of the case ? The
bill is presented; it is referred to the Committee on
1 Finance, and that committee •reports adversely to
the bill, and recommends that it be rejected. The
bill is then laid on the table, and an honorable Sen-
ator from Tennessee gets up this morning and
moves to take up the bill. The bill is taken up,
and that Senator offers an amendment, by which
he supposes all objections to the bill will be obvi-
ated. Now, I tliink this amendment, and the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Mary-
land, should both pass under the scrutiny and re-
view of the Committee on Finance. After they
have deliberately considered the subject and recom-
mended us to reject the bill, I do not think we
should take it up, upon the spur of the occasion,
and make amendments without seeing the conse-
quences that will result from it.
It strike§ me that the principle is of extremely
doubtful propriety. And what is it ? It is to give
a credit of four years upon duties which are prop-
erly payable upon large importations of iron for
railroads, and the reimbursement of those duties is
to take place by four different installments, without
interest. The Government advances the whole
amount and takes it back in four annual install-
ments, without the payment of interest. The
honorable Senator from Georgia spoke of the lib-
erality indulged in towards other States in respect
to our public lands. But here the Treasury is to
be invaded; we are not satisfied with distributing
with lavish hand the public lands, but weare called
upon in fact to distribute the public revenue; or,
in other words, to divert it from its proper course,
and keep it in abeyance for the term of four years,
at least that portion of it raised on railroad iron.
, Taking this view of the subject, it strikes me that
the proper course is to recommit the bill, in order
that the Committee on Finance may examine into
the effect of the bill, as proposed to be amended
by the Senator from Tennessee and the Senator
from Maryland; the effect of the bill upon the pub-
lic revenue, and the effect of the precedent it is pro-
posed to establish, by which there is to be a re-
vival of the system of credits in relation to the
revenue of the country.
I move to recommit the bill to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. TURNEY. I hope the bill will not be re-
committed. I can conceive of no earthly reason
why it should be recommitted. It involves but a
single principle, which has never been refused to
my knowledge in any case heretofore. The books
are full of such precedents. If the bill be rejected,
it will be the first instance, as far as my informa-
tion goes, where a bill of this description was ever
rejected. Then why recommit it? It is said that
this is to divert money in the Treasury from its
legitimate purpose. I do not so understand the i
bill. It is a simple question whether this Govern-
ment,-for the purpose of encouraging these im-
provements, will give a credit of four years in re-
lation to the payment of the duty on iron. For
one, I stand prepared to vote to make all railroad
iron free of duty. I am prepared to go thus far
in encouraging this internal improvement, and I
do not think the Government would be straining a
great deal to make railroad iron free of duty. As
has been said, in other States you lavish the pub-
lic lands, and dispose of them freely to construct
roads, and in so doing you have disposed of the
revenues from the public domain. But in this in-
stance, only four years' indulgence is asked within
which to pay the duty on this iron. If this is an
unreasonable request, it must be in consequence
of the State from which it emanates; for 1 believe
a similar request has not be denied to any State
heretofore.
I hope the Senate will not recommit the bill, but
will act upon it and pass it at once. It has been
said by the Senator from Pennsylvania that this is
a wealthy company. The remark only shows
that he is wholly unacquainted with the company.
He said they might borrow the money. Why,
they have borrowed the money to purchase the
iron, and now they ask the Government, in order
to enable them to complete this internal improve-
ment, to indulge them by extending the time for
the payment of the duties to four years. This is
made a great and monstrous objection. The great
iron interest has been brought in against it. I
hope the bill will not be recommitted, but will be
acted upon and passed, as there is nothing unjust
or unreasonable in it.
Mr. RUSK. I would have no objection to vote
for this bill, but I am sure if we sit here all day
and discuss it, we will not come to a direct vote
upon it. I have no unfriendly feeling towards the
object of this bill, for I am in favor of it. I think,
however, it will consume the whole day, and will
consume more time than we have to snare in the
discussion of questions which will be brought up
during the course of debate. I know, besides,
that there are one or two amendments to be offered
to provide for objects of a similar character.
Mr. BADGER. I have one.
Mr. HALE. And I have another.
Mr. RUSK. For the purpose of enabling us to
act on the Post Office bill, which was under con-
sideration yesterday, I move that this bill be laid
on the table.
Mr. DAYTON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being taken
resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bradbury, Bright, Cass, Chase, Clay,
Cooper, Davis of Massachusetts, Dayton, Dickinson, Dodge
of Wisconsin, Downs, Ewing, Fetch, Gwin, Hale, Hunter,
Jones, Mason, Miller, Norris, Pearce, Pratt, Rusk, Smith,
Spruance, Sturgeon. Underwood, Upliam, and Wales—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger,Bell, Benton, Berrien,
Borland, Clarke, Clemens, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson,
Douglas, Houston, Morton, Khett, Sebastian, Seward,
Shields, Soule, Turncy, Walker, and Yulee—31.
So the bill was ordered to lie on the table.
REDUCTION OF POSTAGE.
The Senate again resumed the consideration of
the bill to reduce and modify the rates of postage,
and to provide for the coinage of three cent pieces,
to which several amendments were offered, upon
which a debate ensued which will be published
in the Appendix. Without disposing of the bill
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 21, 1851.
The House met at eleven o'clock. The Journal
of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. LEVIN, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee on Naval Affairs, to which was re-
ferred the memorial of E. K. Collins and his
associates, contractors for carrying the United
States mail between New York and Liverpool,
made a report; which was laid on the table and
ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr, FITCH, by unanimous con-
sent, it was ordered that leave be granted for the
withdrawal from the files of the House two peti-
tions of citizens of Indiana, for a mail route from
Lafayette to Niles, for the purpose of reference to
the proper Department. .
j Mr. ASHMUN said: I ask the attention of
i the House for a single moment. Gentlemen will
