1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
627
remember, that heretofore there has been provis-
ion made for the distribution of the first eight
volumes of the Statutes at Large. The ninth vol-
ume is now ready—a specimen of which I have
in my hand. I am instructed by the Judiciary
Committee to offer a resolution providing for the
distribution of this ninth volume in the same man-
ner in which the other eight volumes have been
distributed.
Mr. JONES. I think if the gentleman from
Massachusetts will refer to a resolution which was
passed the 28th of September last, he will find that
provision has been made for the printing of that
ninth volume, as well as the general index.
Mr. ASHMUN. I ask for the reading of the
resolution at least. This will do no harm.
Mr. JONES objected to the reading of the reso-
lution.
GEORGE THOMPSON.
Mr. GIDDINGS asked the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce the following resolution:
Resohed, That the President be requested to inform this
House, if consistent with the public interest, whether a sub-
ject of the British Crown, being also a member of the Brit-^
jsh Parliament, has been recently assaulted in Sprinjtield,
Massachusetts, and his personal security endangered by cit-
izens of that State, in violation of our treaty stipulations .
with the Government of Great Britain. I
Mr. DANIEL objected. j
Mr. GIDD1NGS said that he would seek the
first opportunity to renew his effort to introduce j
the resolution.
PRIVATE BILLS.
Mr. DANIEL said: When we were last upon
the private calendar there were quite a number of
bills reported to the House, most of which, I be-
lieve, have not been acted upon. I am exceedingly ,
desirous that those bills should be acted upon by
the House, in order that they may be sent to the
Senate. Some of them, I think, are very merito-
rious claims. I do not propose that we shall go
into Committee of the Whole, for at this stage of
oor business I am aware that such a motion would
be entirely useless. I propose no such thing. I
only move that these bills, which have been acted i
favorably upon in Committee of the Whole and |
reported to the House, may be taken up and put
upon their passage.
AMENDMENTS TO THE CONSTITUTION.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, by unanimous
consent, introduced the following resolution:
Retained by the Senate and Haute of Representatives of
tkr United States of America in Congress assembled, (two
thirds of both Houses concurring,) That the following
amendments to the Constitution of the United States be
proposed to the Legislatures of the several States, which,
when ratified by the Legislatures of three-fourths of the
States, shall be valid, to all intents and purposes, as a part
of the Constitution:
That hereafter the President and Vice President of the
United States shall be chosen by the people of the respect-
ive States in the manner following: Each State shall be
divided by the Legislature thereof into districts, equal in
number to the whole number of Senators and Representa-
tives to which such State may be entitled in the Congress of
the United States; the said districts to be composed of con-
tiguous territories, and to contain, as nearly as may be, an
equal number of persons entitled to he represented under the
Constitution, and to be laid off, for the first time, immedi-
ately after the ratification of this amendment, and after-
wards at the session of the Legislature next ensuing the
apportionment of Representatives by the Congress of the
United States. That on the first Thursday in August, in
the year 1856, and on the same day every fourth year there-
after, the citizens of each State, who possess the qualifica-
tions requisite for electors of the most numerous branch of
the State Legislatures, shall meet within their respective
districts, and vote for a President and Vice President of the
United States, one of whom at least shall not be an inhab-
itant of the same State with themselves; and the "person re-
ceiving the greatest number of votes for President, and the
one recei ving the greatest number of votes for Vice President,
in each district, shall be holden to have received one vote; I
which faet shall be immediately certified by the Governor
of the State to each of the Senators in Congress from such
State, and to the President of the Senate and the Speaker
of the House of Representatives. The Congress of the
United States shall be in session on the second Monday in
October, in the year 1856, and on the same day on every
fourth year thereafter; and tfce President of the Senate, in
the presence of the Senate and House of Representatives,
shall open all the certificates, and the votes shall then be
counted. The person having the gjeatest number of votes
for President shall be President, if such number be equal to
a majority of the whole numbw of votes given, bntif no
person have such majority, then a second election shall be -
held on the first Thursday in the month of December then ,
next ensuing, between the persons having the two highest
numbers for the office of President; which second election
shall be conducted, the result certified, and the votes counted
in the same manner as in the first; and the person having
the greatest number of votes for President shall be Presi-
dent. But if two or more persons shall have received the
greatest and an equal number of votes at the second elec- !
tion, then the parson who shall have received the greatest |
number of votes in the greatest number of States shall be
President. The person having the greatest nil mber of votes
for Vice President, at the first election, shall be Vice Presi-
dent, if such number be equal to a majority of the whole
number of votes given; and if no person have such majori-
ty, then a second election shall take place, between the
persons having the two highest numbers, on the same day :
| that the second election is held for President, and the per- 1
1 son having the highest number of votes for Vice President
shall be Vice Presideut. But if there should happen to be
an equality of votes between the persons so voted for at the
second election, then the person having the greatest number .
of votes in the greatest number of States shall be Vice
President. But when a second election shall be necessary ,
in the case of Vice and not in the case of President, then
the Senate shall choose a Vice President from the persons
having the two highest numbers in the first election, as is
now prescribed in the Constitution. i
Resoleetl, That article 1, section 3, be amended by stri-
king out the word " Legislature," and inserting in lieu
, thereof the following words, viz.: "persons qualified to vote
for members of the most numerous branch of the Legisla-
, tureso as to make the third section of said article, when
ratified by three-l'ourths of the States, read as follows:
ARTICLE I.
Sectiox 3. The Senate of the United States shall be
composed of two Senators from each State, chosen by the
persons qualified to vote for members of the most numerous
branch of the Legislature thereof, for six years; and each
Senator shall have one vote.
Resolved, That article 3, section 1, be amended by stri-
king out the words " good behavior," and inserting the fol-
lowing words, viz: " the tenn of twelve years;" and fur-
: ther, that said article and section be amended by adding the
i following thereto: " And it shall1 be the duty of the Presi-
! dent of the United States, within twelve months after the
ratification of this amendment by three fourths of all the
States, as provided by the Constitution of the United
I States, to divide the whole number of judges as near as may
I be practicable into three classes. The seats of the judges of
the first class shall be vacated at the expiration of the fourth
year from such classification, of the second class at the ex-
piration of the eighth year, and of the third class at the
expiration of the twelfth year, so that one third may be
chosen every fourth year thereafter."
The article, as amended, will read as follows:
ARTICLE III.
Section 1. The judicial power of the United States shall
be vested in one Supreme Court, and in such inferior courts
as the Congress from time to time may ordain and establish.
The judges, both of the Supreme and inferior courts, shall
hold their offices during the term of twelve years, and
shall at stated times receive for tlieir services a compensa-
tion which shall not be diminishedduringtheircontinuance
in office. And it shall be the duty of the President of the
United States, within twelve months after the ratification
of this amendment by three fourths of all the States, as
provided by the Constitution of the United States, to divide
the whole numberof judges, as near as may be practicable,
into three classes. The seats of the judges of the first clais
shall be vacated at the expiration of the fourth year from
such classification, of the second class at the expiration of
the eighth year, and of the third class at the expiration of
the twelfth year, so that one third may be chosen every
fourth year thereafter.
Mr. JOHNSON remarked, that the proposition
proposing to change the mode of electing the
I' President of the United States, had been uitro-
II duced many years ago by a distinguished Senator
I1 now in the other end of the Capitol, and had re-
ceived the sanction of Nathaniel Macon, of North
Carolina, and many others of that class of men.
t The resolution was read a first and second time
I by its title, and referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
I be printed.
PRIVATE BILLS.
Mr. OLDS asked the unanimous consent of the
House to move to discharge the Committee of the
Whole from the further consideration of the bill
for the relief of the legal representatives of John
H. Piatt, deceased.
Mr. DANIEL objected, and insisted on the
regular order of business.
whereupon the House proceeded to consider
private bills on the Speaker s table.
The bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Colonel John H. Stone, coming up in order on
the question of its engrossment, was,
On the motion of Mr. DANIEL, postponed till
Friday next.
The bill for the relief of A. Baudouin and A. D.
Roberts, of the city of New Orleans, having been
engrossed, was read the third time and passed.
The bill for the relief of Daniel Steenrod, which
had been amended in Committee of the Whole,
and reported to the House, with a recommenda-
tion that it do not pass,
The SPEAKER said the pending question was
on a resolution to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. JONES asked that the report be read.
Mr. VINTON thought there was no necessity
for having the report read.
Mr. DANIEL asked the consent of the House
to make a remark upon the bill.
The SPEAKER said it could be done only by
, unanimous sonsent.
Objection was made.
The question was then taken, and the bill was
laid upon the table.
The bill for the relief of Edward L. Du Barry
coming up in order on the question of its engross-
ment,
Mr. THOMAS said he wished to be heard
upon this bill, but yielded the floor to
Mr. DANIEL, on whose motion the further
consideration of the bill was postponed till Friday
next.
House bill No. 221, for the relief of Rebecca
Treemar, came up in order.
The question pending being on an amendment
reported from the Committee of the Whole, pro-
viding that the pension shall commence in 1850,
instead of the date on which the proof was per-
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
House that there are now upon the Speaker's
table some ten or twelve bills, all of which have
been amended by the Committee of the Whole,
and which involve precisely the same principle.
He would suggest to the House that time would
be saved by voting upon them all at once.
Mr. CARTTER objected.
Mr. CONGER. The bills to which the Chair
has referred are those to which I moved amend-
ments some two or three weeks ago, when the
House was in committee on the private calendar;
and I desire now to state the provisions of those
amendments and the principle in the bills to which
they apply, and which they are intended to estab-
lish. At the time the amendments were offered it
was not in order to discuss them, and I have had
no opportunity to make explanation of my pur-
pose in moving them. I will now do so; and I
particularly desire the attention of the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Wentworth] and the gentle-
man from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones.]
These are all invalid pension bills, and the prin-
ciple involved is that which prescribes the time
when the pension should commence. I offered
the amendments to make them conform, as regards
this principle, to the concurrent decision of the
committee and the House made on a previous oc-
casion, when it was decided that back pay should
not be given in these pension cases. On the 20th
of December last, when the House was in com-
mittee on the private calendar, there was under
consideration a Dill for the relief of William Slo-
cum. That bill provided that the pension should
commence in 1842, and the gentleman from Illinois
moved an amendment to the effect that it should
commence on the 1st of January, 1851. In doing
so he stated, as he is reported in the Daily Globe,
what I shall now read:
" I believe I am distinguished in this House for my oppo-
sition to private claims, and particularly to claims of this
kind." 
Mr. WENT WORTH, (interposing.) That is
a mistake. The report was erroneous in that par-
ticular.
Mr. CONGER. I will do the gentleman the
justice to say that I believe he was not correctly
reported in this respect. My own recollection is,
that he remarked that he believed he was not dis-
tinguished for his opposition to private claims, and
particularly to claims of that kind. But he goes
on to say—
 " If I am not mistaken, several Committees on Pen-
sions have resolved they would not give back pay to invalid
pensioners. I do not remember, since I have been a mem-
ber of Congress, that they have ever given back pay. I
know that since I have been here I have received a great
many petitions from individuals who have bs£n placed on
the pension rolls, asking for back pay; but I have told them
that the law and the precedents were against them." * *
"This bill claims more attention from Congress from
the fact that all of us who have been here this long time,
and have waived our right to receive back pay, will com-
mence, if this bill passes, to claim it. If this claim is al-
lowed I shall sit down and write to all the men in my dis-
trict who are in the receipt of pensions, and notify them
that the precedent has been established, and that they are
entitled to back pay."
Now, sir, I refer to this case of Slocum for the
purpose of asking those who united with the gen-
tleman from Illinois on that occasion in amending
the bjjl as I have stated, and asserting the princi-
ple that back pay should not be given, to standby
the decision then made if the principle be a sound
one. Let there be consistency and uniformity in
the decisions in these cases. If, as I insisted in
that case, when the bill was under discussion, the
principle asserted by the gentleman from Illinois
is not a sound or a just one, let it be repudiated.
