1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL 0LOBE.
629
hiuids; the lots of one leg would have proved his
total disability as well as both legs, or the loss of
one eye as well as both eyes. He received the
fall amount entitled to those totally disabled, and
they could give him no more. Now, he comes to ]
Congress and claims that his disability is greater •
than total disability, as known in the law. They 1
could give him no increase of pension, and we
considered it right that his increase granted by .
Congress should date back to the time of his dis-
ability.
The other case to which I have alluded was
one which I understand the Commissioner of Pen-
sions did not grant at all, either because the
proof was not sufficiently developed, or on ac-
count of the manner in which the proof was pre- j
sented. At any rate, it was decided that his case j
did not come within the pension law, and conse- ;
quently he came to Congress for relief. Now, .
sir, I say that if this case could not be granted by
the general law, and Congress grant the relief, i
that it should date back just as far as it would
lave done if it had come within the provisions of
the general law. I think there is no inconsistency
in this. In one case there was no pension granted
at all by the Department, and in the other case he
had received all he was entitled to according to
the law. Yet it was a clear case that he was enti-
tled to further relief, in consideration of the dis-
ability he was laboring under.
The bill upon your table was passed by the Sen-
ate the last session, and now comes to this House.
It is but simple justice on the part of this Govern-
ment that it should be allowed. As I have before
said, the loss of one leg, or one eye, or one arm, 1
according to the general law, proves total disability;
and the loss of both eyes, or both Iks, or both
arms, proves no more. Now, I think that in con-
sideration of the great injury he has received *in
the service of the Government, it is no more than
right—it is no more than justice, that he should
receive the benefit which is asked for in this bill.
Mr. DANIEL demanded the previous question;
which received a second, and the main question
was ordered to be put.
The question now being on concurring in the
amendment of the Committee of the Whole, to
strike out 1847 and insert 1850—
Mr. BOWLIN demanded tellers; but they were
not ordered.
Mr. OLDS called for the yeas and nays; but
they were not ordered.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was not agreed to.
The question recurring upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time, it was put, and
carried in the affirmative; and the bill beinw en- ,
grossed according to order, was read the thira time '
and passed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair a^ain repeats, that
there are seventeen or eighteen bills on the Speak-
er's table resting precisely upon the same princi-
ples. Does the House desire that each one should i
fee taken up separately ?
[Cries of •' No, no !"]
THOMAS FLANAGAN.
The bin for the relief of Thomas Flanagan next
came up in order, on the question of concurring
in the amendment of the Committee of the Whole, 1
providing that the pension shall commerice in 1850.
Mr. BOWLIN. I care nothing about these
bills. I believe it is well known to every member
in this House, that it is contrary to the universal
practice of this House to give back pensions.
Now, from the report of the Commissioner of
Pensions, I understand the principle to be} that
when they come to examine a case, the pension is
allowed from the time the papers were deposited,
and pensions are granted upon these grounds.
Mr. SACKETT inquired if it was done under
a general law ?
Mr. BOWLIN. The distinction which I wish
to draw is the distinction between cases in the Pen-
sion Office and cases that come before Congress.
I undertake to say, that it is a perversion of terms i
to talk about the perfecting of these cases in Con-
fess. What brings themnere? They are brought
nere because the applicants have not been able to
perfect their cases, so as to entitle them to relief 1
under the law. I say again, it is an utter perver- i'
sion of terms to talk about perfecting such cases. ■;
Mr. AVERETT (interposing, andMr. B. yield-
ing the floor.) In all frankness, I would ask the :
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Bowlik] if the 1
I principle adopted at the Pension Office be a reason-
able one, why should it not be equally reasonable
I when applied to applications before Congress ?
! Mr. DUNHAM, (interposing.) 1 will explain
! my understanding of this matter very briefly.
: The invalid pension law does not say that the
pensioner shall have his pension from the time of
his injury; but when he makes his application, if
'■ his papers are perfect, he is entitled to have his
name placed upon the pension list. That can be
done by application at the Pension Office. When-
ever his papers are perfected, entitling him to re-
lief, his name is placed upon the pension list.
Mr. WALDO, ('Mr. Bowlin yielding,) said:
Having examined tne subject during the present
Congress, I think I may so present it as to recon-
cile the apparent difference of opinion upon this
floor. It must be recollected that before the act of
June 7th, 1832, no person applying for a "pension
on account of revolutionary service would be placed
! upon the roll and receive a pension until tne day
his proof was completed; and the same provision
1 pervades all the acts relating to invalid pensions.
If, therefore, a person applied for a pension, under
' the act of March 18, 1818, or under any act grant-
' ing pensions to invalids, his pension would com-
mence on the day his evidence was fully comple-
1 ted.' But under the act of June 7, 1832, and all
the acts granting pensions to the widows of revo-
, lutionary soldiers, the pensions are made to com-
mence, by the provisions of these several acts on
a given day. A person applying for a pension
under either of these acts will, therefore, receive
' a pension (if at all) from the day named in the act,
without any referwice to the time when his applica-
tion was made or his testimony completed.
In analogy to these laws, when a person applied
to Congress for relief on account of wounds and
disabilities, or for revolutionary service, under the
act of March 18,1818, for which he could not ob-
tain a pension, by reason of some technical rule of
the Department, his pension has been made to
commence, on the day his testimony was perfected
in the committee that had his application in charge;
but if the application was made under the act of
June 7,1832, or any act granting pensions to wid-
ows, the commencement of the pension has been
extended back without any regard to the time of
completing the proof, and has been regulated by
' other circumstances according to the equity of the
1 particular case. When, therefore, gentlemen say
it has been the uniform practice to make these pen-
sions commence on the day the testimony was
perfected in committee, they must have reference
to the class of cases I have first described; and
when they say it has been the uniform practice to
allow what is called back pensions, they must
1 have reference to the second class. Both, there-
fore, may be right in part and wrong in part. The
bills on your table have all been prepared upon
these principles, and should be passed as they
were reported from the committees of the House,
and the amendments proposed by the Committee
of the Whole, should be rejected.
Mr. BOWLIN. The difficulty into which these
gentlemen have fallen is certainly this: They treat
■ these cases as though they were clearly made out.
But when cases are presented here, they bear con-
clusive evidence that they are not .entitled to the
benefits which the law will give them. They
come before Congress with the declaration spread
upon their foreheads that their cases are not legally
made out—that they are not able to make out a
case under the law to entitle them to relief—not
able to make out such a case as would pass the
investigation of a legal tribunal upon principles of
law and equity. By their course of action they
seem to say, we come here to this great body of
charity—the Congress of the United States—and
ask them to give us relief. They undertake to
apply to members of Congress for relief, as if they
had really made out their cases legally.
I again repeat, that I consider it an utter perver-
sion of terms to talk about the perfection of a case
before this House. There is no such thing as
perfecting a case before this House. If the appli-
cant haa been legally and .equitably entitled to a
pension, his case would have been considered by
the Commissioner of Pensions. It is really be-
cause the case is not made out under the law—
that the proof is not sufficient under the law—that
the Commissioner does not grant the pension:
It is such cases as these that we have presented to
our consideration.
Mr. OLDS was understood !© say, that if all
j claims for pensions came within the sphere of ex-
] istinglaws.thei'e would no applications come before
fj Congress. Now, in relation to the law allowing
five years' pensions to widows of officers and sol-
ii diers, the Department have decided that none shall
be allowed except in cases where the soldier died
i j After the passage of that law. There is a great
1 inequality in the operation of this law, because
j two persons having precisely the same claim in
J! justice upon this Government, but one comes a
jj day before and the other a day after this law was
i passed, and the result is, though they are equally
I entitled to the bounty of the Government, yet ona
'I receives it and the other does not.
j Mr. BOWLIN. When I came to the House
; eight years ago,I brought withme aclaim for back
' pension. I came before the committee, who in-
;' formed me that it had never been the practice of
II Congress to allow back pensions, and I abandoned
i the case. I brought it with me for one of my
i] constituents, but I was obliged to return it, because
! it was not then a recognized principle that back
• pensions should be allowed.
Mr. SACKETT said: So far as I have had any
experience on a pension committee, in relation to
this matter, it is this: The committee reports bills
to relieve from the technical rule of evidence
adopted at the Pension Department, a rule that is
absolutely necessary for the safety of the Govern-
ment in that Department, but that has no applica-
tion to Congress. We do not grant relief on a
doubtful state of facts. We require as satisfactory
evidence that the service has been rendered as
should be required, and when the fact of the ren-
' dition of the service is found, a bill is only re-
ported in those cases where the evidence is of a
. nature, though satisfactory to the committee in the
particular case, that 'does not conform to the ar-
bitrary, and I fully admit, necessary rules of the
Department. So that in fact we grant relief against
rules of evidence, where the fact of the service is
undoubted. Now, it seems to me to be a strange
doctrine to require a claimant to make out a case
—a case entirely satisfactory to ourselves—and
then say we will take advantage of our own de-
lay, and only grant relief from the time we pass
the bill. Such a rule is most manifestly unjust.
The relief is from an arbitrary rule of the law,
and should be granted where the party shows he
is entitled to it. We should not take advantage of
our own wrong in the delay we ourselves occa-
sion, after the proof is complete.
I refer again to the case of Samuel Dewey, in
which this whole question was fully argued and
j settled, and upon the principle of which settle-
s meot the House and its committees have acted
ever since. He was, after a service of some
months, taken prisoner in battle—was taken to
Canada, and detained among the Indians during
the war, for about three years and a half. Of
course, he could not make the technical proof re-
quired by the Commissioner of Pensions, but he
i could and did make out a most satisfactory case
for us. Now, would the gentleman say that, be-
cause we had delayed his case for ten years after
he had thus made it out, we should refuse him his
most manifest rights ? His service entitles him to
a pension from 1831. This is a technical rule of
evidence denied. This defect before the Commis-
sioner he supplied before this equitable tribunal.
After that, strange to say, it is proposed still to re-
' fuse relief till we get ready to act. This iff not
! justice.  
! Mr. BOWLIN. I need not say that you pant
j pensions at this House upon much looser rules of
| evidence than they can be granted at the Pension
. Office. There might be cases here upon which
you have no evidence except of the applicant him-
self, and yet, from the circumstances connected
with the case, it is very evident that the applicant
is justly entitled to relief, and relief will be granted
i! here, while, if he is thrown back upon the rigid
rules of the Pension Office, they would not be en-
tertained for a moment.
Mr. WENTWORTH asked how many more
of these bills were left to be acted upon
The SPEAKER replied there were sixteen.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I give notice to the
friends of these bills, that if they do not stop talk-
ing upon them, that I will move to go into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union. I
think the debate on these bills ought to stop. I
therefore move the previous question.
