1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
631
of the Chair, and on that appeal I wish to say a I
word or two. . !
. The CHAIRMAN. The appeal is not deba- 1
table.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I wish simply to say, that;
from an early period in the revolutionary war, ]
when this rule of going into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union was first adopted, 1
down to this day, it has been held that debate in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
is unlimited, and that a man has a right to say
whatever he thinks relates to the Union. He is
not confined to any subject.
Mr. CLARKE. I understand the gentleman '
from Virginia to refer to certain remarks reported
as having been made by me, and I hope the com-
mittee will indulge the gentleman from Virginia,
even if it be against the rules, in making any ex- !
planation he desires.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I beg leave to
say, that I do not wish to be considered as object- i
mg to the gentleman's proceeding. I
Mr. BAYLY. It is a matter in which my per-
sonal character is concerned.
The CHAIRMAN. All this debate is out of
order. An appeal is taken from the decision of
the Chair, and the question is: " Shall the decis-
ion of the Chair stand as the judgment of the i
committee?" jj
The question was taken, and was decided in jj
the negative by a very large majority.
So the decision of the Chair was reversed, and i
the remarks of Mr. Bayly ruled to be in order.
Mr. BAYLY, (resuming.) I had just said that
at this late period of the session, I would not take !!
up a moment of the time of this House in a matter 1'
personal to myself which it was possible for me
to overlook. "But upon the pages of the Congres-
sional Globe, which is the source from which the
future history of this country will be drawn, the
fentleman from New York [Mr. Clarke] had
one me an extent of injustice, that I venture to
say has not a parallel in the parliamentary his- ,
tory of this country, or of any other. Now, sir,
in reporting gentlemen's speeches, I fully admit, j
that where there are no personalities they may
write out their speeches to suit their own tastes.
But in matters affecting other members of this I
House, no member has a right—though he may I
suppress personalities if he chooses to do it—to
insert personalities which he never uttered. 1
Now,-it will be remembered that in the passage
between the gentleman from New York and my- ,
self, the language which he used in reference to
me was, that I stood higher in my boots than any
other member on this floor, and that I wore my ,
spectacles on my nose with more precision, and
that was all that he said in reference to me per-
sonally. He also spoke of himself as being
younger than me. In Teply to those remarks ,
Mr. CLARKE. Will the gentleman yield me
the floor for a moment?
Mr. BAYLY. I wll not yield the floor to the
gentleman from New York. In reply to him, I !
am thus reported: ;
" I should be very much inclined to respond to the appeal
of my yontbful friend from New York, [laughter,] who ap-
peals to bis youth in comparison with my ape, if it were
not for some rather ungenerous flings that he made at me.
He talked of iny ' standing high in my boots,' and that ' I
wore my spectacles upon my nose.' Well, sir, the gentle-
man wears his upon his head. I carry mine for use; but
from his remarks on his juvenility in comparison with me,
I most needs infer lie wears his on bis bead for ornament.
[Roars of laughter.j As to my standing' high in my boots,' 1
I cannot tell how it occurs; I certainly meant no reproach I
to the gentleman who came here with five feet four inches, |
although I am six feet. [Laughter and confusion."]
That isVhat I am correctly reported as having
said in reply to him. Now, let us see how he
has acted ? When smarting under the defeat of
his amendment, and his discomfiture at his own
game, he goes coolly and deliberately, and writes
for the Globe such a report as I shall read, and
puts into his own mouth offensive remarks towards
me which he never uttered, and which, if they had
been uttered, would have drawn from me a very
different reply from the good-natured one that I
made. Let me reed one paragraph, and appeal to
the House if he said one word of it:
" The gentleman's district bounds upon the Atlantic, and
it would be fair to presume that he knows something ahotit
harbors. Indeed, if my recollection is not entirely at fault,
I have seen the gentleman in very deep water—r will not
say, nearly' half-seas over'—on which occasion be came
very near getting aground."
This is a deliberate after-thought of revenue. J
He made no such remark, as the House will bear
me witness." Hear him again:
" This.remark of the gentleman shows such entire igno-
rance of the subject upon which he speaks, and is so offen- i
sive in the motive it imputes, that it seems amazing, that a
gentleman of his great height and proportions, and who al- I
ways sees through his glasses—sometimes darkly—should
indulge in their utterance!"
The gentleman's remarks were of a very differ-
ent character. That expression " who sees through
his glasses—sometimes darkly"—is another cool, de-
liberate after-thought. Again:
"Thepomposity, the supercilious arrogance and swagger,
with which thfe gentleman from Virginia, with spectacles
on nose, urges his objection, is worthy of the renowned
Colonel Pluck; but the imputation it contains is not, I
think, worthy of himself—it certainly is unworthy the State
he in part represents."
The gentleman made no such remarks; and if he
had, I appeal to this House if they were not un-
just?
As to " Colonel Pluck," no mention of whom
did he make, I fancy he resembles that character
himself much more nearly than any man who
ever represented Virginia on this f^oor.
Again: in place of speaking of his being younger
than myself, which drew forth the remark I made,
he represents himself as saying: '
" If the gentleman fancies that, from his greater experi-
ence in this House, he can indulge in such remarks as he
has made, without rebuke, he will find himself wonderfully
mistaken."
This member goes and writes out such a speech
as would make my reply sustain (as it would not
notice what was said, and would reply to what
apparently that was not) his imputation that I
might "see through my glasses darkly, and be
half-seas over." He not only writes out remarks
which he did not make, but he cunningly and
coolly so shapes them as apparently to make me
sustain the truth of them. After this exposure of
the gentleman's conduct to this committee and to
the country, I leave them to pronounce Buch judg-
ment upon it as it deserves.
Mr. CLARKE said: Mr. Chairman, we are
upon the eve of the session. Our minutes are
peculiarly valuable; they are always valuable, and
peculiarly so at this period of the session. At any
period of any session, it seems to me that per-
sonal explanations of difficulties—wordy difficul-
ties between two gentlemen are hardly worth a
single minute of the time of this House. Nothing
could be further from my anticipations than that
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] would
take offence at the remarks whieh I jocularly made
against him. The committee will bear me out in
saying, that when I commenced these remarks,
and during the greater portion of ■them, the laugh
was so decidedly against me, that it was extremely
difficult for me to be heard; and, from the meagre
report which was made of my remarks, I was
constrained to write thftn out. In writing them
out, I endeavored to do justice, rather meagre Jus-
tice than otherwise, to those remarks. Nothing
was further from my intention than to add ^single
idea to the remarks which I made, upon the prin-
ciples which the gentleman from Virginia has laid
down as governing debate here. I certainly, in
the written remarks which were published in the
Globe, really thought that I had knocked off two
or three sharp thorns that were in the remarks
which I made here; and I have been admonished
by gentlemen who have read that report, that it is
not so pointed and pithy as were the remarks
which I delivered. I think now, that when you
examine the whole matter through, there is a little
something due to me, rather than anything from
me to the gentleman from Virginia. I thought, to
be sure, that he had & little the advantage of the
argument.
Now, will the House induce me for one mo-
ment? The gentleman from Virginia took a deep
interest in the amendment which I offered for the
improvement of Sackett's Harbor. That amend-
ment had been adopted once by the committee,
and then, by a species of nimble practice, an
entirely new bill was substituted in the room of
the bill to which my amendment had been adopted,
thus getting rid of my amendment. I then offered
my amendment to the substitute. Thegentleman
from Virginia volunteered upon that occasion to
say that he had examined my maps. I had shown
them to him,, it is true. I showed him on these
maps that there was a bar two-thirds of the way
across the mouth of Sackett's Harbor, which was
only from two to three feet deep, rendering the
harbor almost totally inaccessible'during certain
winds which occasionally prevailed. The gentle-
man from Virginia, on looking at that map, sug-
gested that the bar was an advantage, and ne rose
in his place here and stated that he had examined
my maps, and that knowing something of harbors
he believed that this bar was an advantage, and
that if it was not there, or if it were to be removed,
the people of my county (and he referred to me as
the representative of that county) would be here
asking for a breakwater to supply the deficiency
that would be created by the removal of the bar.
Then comes the point of the thing. The gentle-
man said that the motive of my constituents—that
my motive was not to improve that harbor—that I
was willing to destroy that harbor. For what?
For what destroy the very best harbor on our
northern frontier? What was it that he said I
was willing to destroy that harbor for? Why,
sir, for the venal purpose of having $10,000—ten
thousand dirty dollars expended in my neighbor-
hood . That, the gentleman from Virginia will find
upon looking over his remarks, was the point
which he made; and I admit that 1 was wounded
by the remark. But I thought that he could not
be otherwise than playful in making it, and I re-
plied a little loudly, to be sure, but I think in sub-
stance what is reported here. There were certain
other things that do not appear in this report, that
in my estimation were a good deal more offensive
than those which the gentleman has read. When
gentlemen have been from early morning till late
at night, without any dinner, they do not always
measure their phrases exactly as they would
wish. I replied to the gentleman, and I intro-
duced the names of several worthies, and amongst
them that of Sam Patch; and I spoke of the gentle-
man getting aground, and of his glasses; and I
think the gentleman had decidedly the advantage
of me. When I touched upon the height of the
gentleman, it was perfectly fair that he should
reply, as it respects my diminutive size. Though
I think that this House will not measure gentle-
men by their length, any more than ladies are es-
timated by the number of pounds they weigh. I
meant nothing offensive to the gentleman, either in
the report which is in the Globe, or the remarks
which fell from me. And as God is my judge, I
verily believe that the remarks which fell from my
lips, if they were reduced to writing, would be found
; tobemoreseverethan those which are reportedhere.
J Nothing was further from my intention than to
give offence to the gentleman. And nothing was
further from my intention than to make a misrep-
resentation upon the record of this House. But if
the gentleman makes it a serious matter, why then
he comes to this point: That he has a right to
charge me and my constituents with extreme ig-
norance and extreme venality, and that nothing
should be said in reply. I think I did use the
words that are imputed to me in this report about
the gentleman's carriage in this House. I think
that I certainly spoke of the mode in which he de-
ports himself here. Bot coming from a representa-
tive so obscure in this House as I am, 1 did not
suppose that these remarks could sting him very
much, as he has been so long here, and is so well
acquainted. But the gentleman goes on with his
remarks, and comments upon my diminutive
stature. Whether he deprives me of some inches,
or adds some, is a matter of no consequence, as
I never enlisted, or got a passport, and do not
know whether I was ever measured in my life. I
am willing to be regarded as four feet five, or six
feet, or any number of feet which the gentleman
chooses; and if it is the right number, well and
good; and if it is the wrong one, it will not dimin-
ish my stature one cubit, or one hair's breadth. I
appeal to any gentleman that was present at the
time I made my remarks, whether the remarks as
written (if any gentleman has taken the pains to
read (hem) aremore severe, more satirical, or less
pointed than those which were delivered in the
House. The gentleman gives a twist to my re-
marks. I spoke of the gentleman's superior age
in this House, and his acquaintance with parlia-
mentary proceedings and with the members of
this House; and I appealed to his magnanimity
whether it was just for him, with this superior ac-
quaintance and longer abiding in this House, to
impute to me the venal motivps which he did.
This is about the sum and substance of what
I have to say, and I regret that the gentleman
