THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 21,
should take that which I thought, and think now,
began in sport and was terminated in sport, nnd
■was meant for nothing else in this report than
sport—I regret, I snv, tint he should take this to
heart. I reV1"?' exceedingly. We cannot aW
ways measure our words when we are excited. I
thought that the gentleman interfered unnecessari-
ly with mv amendment. I had been defeated,and
1"regretted that it should be so, and my constitu-
ents will regret it. There are many things which
take place upon this floor in haste and confusion,
and sometimes in bad temper; and I think that
his exhibition of ourselves will not redound to
our credit. If the gentleman will let me alone, I
will let him alone. I never interfere with any
man's business; and 1 appeal to every gentleman
here, if my conduct towards every member of this
House has not been kind and courteous. I in-
trude upon no man's company) and meddle with
no man s character. I stand up here simply for
my own rights, and I stand up for them only be-
cause thev are the rights of my constituents. I
think, as 1 have already said, that in this contro-
versy I had rather the hardest of it. I think it
appears so, even upon paper. The gentleman
has represented me as a very diminutive person,
and he has also represented me here as extremely
venal and ignorant; and, really, when 1 jocularly
replied to him, I think that lie should not have
taken any offence at it. I regret that he should do
so. Thfs is all I have to say.
Mr. BAYLY. Mr. Chairman, the gentleman
not only did me the injustice that I have already
spoken of, and shall not again refer to, but in the •
remarks that he has just submitted, he has done
me a second injustice. He has charged me with '
having imputed to him as a member of this House
venahty, and a desire to get this appropriation
merely for the sake of the expenditure of the
money. Now, sir, any such remark as that
would have been unparliamentary, and such a
one did not escape me. Here is the manner in
■which I am correctly reported in the Globe:
*'The gentleman had his mapn and charts here, and I
looked at them, and I undertake to say that if that bar
which he it complaining of had not been made by nature,
tliey would have been hereaskingforabreakwater to effect
the very tiling that lie wishes now to remove."
"They." Who are "they?" Not the mem-
ber, but his constituents to whom I referred ex-
pressly, and so I am reported. And yet the
gentleman comes here this morning, and as an ex-
cuse for himself, says that I charged him person-
ally with venality.
Mr. CLARKE. I will refer to the remarks of
the gentleman. He said:
" Well, I know something about harbors, and I undertake 1
to lay that the very things that he complains of have im-
proved that barbor. The sole object i" the expenditure, of '
money. Sir, I am not speaking unadvisedly. The eentle-
man had his maps and charts here, and I looked at them,
and I undertake to say that if that bar which he [that's me]
is complaining of, had not been made by nature, they "
What does that mean ? What is the nomina-
tive case to they? Me and my maps; and now
the gentleman says that he did not mean me.
Everybody understood him-to mean me. I ask for
this improvement on my own responsibility, be-
cause 1 know that it is the wish of my constitu- ,
ents; and the gentleman alluded to me, if he al- '
luded to anybody. So I understood him. I ask
pardon of tne House for having trespassed aojong ,
upon its attention.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I send to the
desk an amendment, which I intend to offer at the
proper time. I ask that it may be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Sic. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General, be and he hereby is, required to contract for the
carrying of the mails between Louisville and IVcvv Orleans,
 nd the intermediate points, by such line or lines of steam-
boats as shall be established for the purpose, and with the
capacity of running with regularity and ccrtainty at all sea-
sons of the year upon the various sections of the Ohio and
Mississippi rivers; and so soon as such lines can be put in
operation, it shall no longer be lawful to send the mails, as
at present, by transient boats not contracting for the regular
carrying of the same.
Mr. S. then said: The amendment which has
just been read, and which I shall propose to come
in at the end of this bill, is one of" very great im-
portance to the inhabitants of the region bordering
on the Mississippi and its branches. There is no
subject, as you, sir, very well know, which has
been the cause of greater complaint or of com-
plaint better founded, than the manner in which
the mails are carried upon the Mississippi river, ,
and on the Ohio below Louisville. I am aware
that it is in the power of the Postmaster General
to establish such a line of steamboats for the car-
riage of the mails, and I am aware that attempts
have been made to do it. But, sir, during the
whole of the administration of Mr. Polk, whilst
Mr. Johnson, of Tennessee, occupied the position
of Postmaster General, I endeavored to induce
him and his Department to offer for proposals for
carrying the mails in this way, but Mr. Johnson
conceived that it would probably be attended with
more expense than profit, nnd he therefore refused
to enter into such a contract. Now, I think that
it can be demonstrated that this is the only mode
in which the mail service upon the western rivers
can be performed with advantage to the country
and convenience to those interested in it. As it
now is, the mails at Louisville, and at points be-
tween Loaisvillr and New Orleans, are placed upon
transient boats—any boat that comes along—and
a contract is ma4e for the carrying of such a mail
at such aprice. It frequently happensthat the very
slowest boats on the river are selected, because,
perhaps, better bargains can be made with them
than with anygtthers. I know that in the town
of Memphis, where I reside, it is a thing of com-
mon occurrence that a mail, which may be sent, by
a boat to-day, arrives after one which may be sent
by a boat to-morrow, and that one that may be
sent to-morrow arrives after one sent the day after.
This is a great inconvenience, and the people of
the whole western country are aroused on the
subject, and are demanding, with a united voice,
that this inefficient mode of carrying the mails
upon their rivers shall be abolished, and a more
efficient one adopted in its place. It is very plain
that this can be done. It is perfectly possible for
boats to be built which can run from Louisville to
Evansville every day with regularity, certainly,
and celerity. Then, sir, a class of boats may be
built to run from Evansville to the mouth of the
river, and another class from the mouth of the
river to Memphis; from Memphis to Vicksburg,
and from Vicksburg to New Orleans. Thus we
shall have a daily line of boats fitted to run at all
seasons of the year, and in all states of the water
for the carriage of the mails, light freight, and pas-
sengers, which will secure celerity and certainty in
the transportation of the mails.
I am very well aware that the establishment of
such a line as this will be attended with some ex-
pense in the beginning, but in the course of a few
years it will be highly beneficial to the Depart-
ment, as well as'to the public. It is not to be ex-
pected that in the vast competition that now exists
on the western waters, any sort of monopoly, or
any high or unreasonable prices for carrying the
mails, could be'maintained for any long period.
It will be necessary to give a high price in the be-
ginning, so that lines may be established; but in
order to support them,/have not a shadow of
doubt that nothing will Be necessary but the pay-
ment of a fair and reasonable compensation.
There is another point of view in which such
an arrangement as this will be highly advantageous
to the public interests. It is this. I am assured
that under the present arrangement, scarcely one
fourth of the mail matter actually goes into the
mails, or pays anything to the Post Office Depart-
ment. And why? Because the merchants at the
prominent points on the Mississippi and Ohio
rivers will not place their letters in the mail. They
prefer to hand them to some passenger, or some
friend on a passing boat, when the probability is,
that that boat is the very one that will refuse to
carry the mails. Why will they refuse to carry
the mails? Because, sir, it is a matter of great
importance to a boat running between the promi-
nent points on the river, not to have to stop at the
intervening points. A boat of large size and great
swiftness cannot stop, and will not stop for less,
or much less, than five dollars for each stoppage.
Hence it is that you cannot get the best boats on
the river to carry the mails. They are put in the
worst boats; and the consequence is, that not one
fourthof the mail matter is carried in the mails.
I think, sir, that it is due to the western coun-
try,that Congress should adopt some measure re-
quiring the Postmaster General to adopt this sys-
tem, and I venture to call the attention of the
House and of the country to it, as a matter of
great importance.
Mr. PHELPS. I am opposed to the amend-1
ment of the gentleman from Tennesaee. It
provides for nothing that is not at present provided
tor by the law. The law now enables the Post-
master General to accomplish everything that
the gentleman from Tennessee desires. Every
stream in the United States upon which steam-
boats run, is by law declared to lie a mail route,
and the Postmaster General may place service
upon that route either by providing for the per-
formance of that service by advertising for propo-
sals for the service upon that stream, in the same
manner that the postmasters advertise for propo-
sals for carrying the mails upon the land routes.
I therefore say, that there is no necessity for any
amendment of the law. That the Postmaster
General has the power which the gentleman from
Tennessee proposes to confer upon him, and
that, too, by existing laws, is a certain fact. And,
if I mistake not, at the last lcttings of the south-
western sections of this Union,proposals were in-
vited for mail service from Louisville to New Or-
leans, and from St. Louis to New Orleans, and
from Louisville to St. Louis. These proposals
were for a daily mail, that is to say, for six mails
per week. My recollection is, that the amount of
compensation demanded by the contractors—by
all the competitors—was so large that the Post-
master General was unwilling to pay for the ser-
vice upon those routes in that manner, and was
compelled to resort to his present system; that is,
by having his special agents at Louisville and at
St. Lours, and at New Orleans, appointed under
the recommendation of the postmasters of those
cities, to contract for these services by the year.
I find that the gentleman himself admits, that of-
tentimes the mails are sent by a boat which is net
the fastest boat upon the river. I learn the gen-
tleman desires to have the boat that carries the
mails stop at all the different points; and unless the
boat does so stop, I do not perceive that the object
of the gentleman can be accomplished.
Mr. STANTON. I think my proposition is
mistaken. There is no mail line in the United
States more regular, rapid, uniform, and certain,
than the line between Louisville and Cincinnati.
If we establish lines at no greater distances, or at
least at not much greater distances than that, the
mail can be carried with equal certainty and celer-
ity, and stopping at the points of chief prominence
will not materially delay that celerity. I think it
is demonstrable that it can be done in this way.
But it cannot be done by a boat that runs from one
end to the other—from Louisville to New Orleans.
Mr. PHELPS. Then I understand that the
object which the gentleman desires to accomplish
is not to contract for the carrying the mails from
Louisville to New Orleans, requiring the boat to
deliver the mail at the intermediate post offices,
but that it is to contract for their transportation
from Louisville to Cairo, from Cairo to Memphis,
from Memphis to Vicksburg, from Vicksburg to
Natchez, and from Natchez to New Orleans. If
that be the system that he desires to accomplish,
that system would increase; the price of the trans-
portation of the mails upon that river more than
tenfold. Let me ask that gentleman if there is at
the present time a regular line of boats between
Cairo and Memphis, between Memphis and
Natchez, and between Memphis and Vicksburg?
Mr. STANTON. There is aregular-line of boats
between Cincinnati and Memphis, and between
Memphis and New Orleans. But these lines will
not take the mails at the prices at which transient
and slow boats will, that run the whole length of
the river and stop at various points. Sending the
mails by these transient boats is an utterly ineffi-
cient means for the whole of the public service.
I admit that under the new system tbere will be
an increase of cost, but certainly not tenfold more,
nor anything like , that increase. But I think .the
experience of the Department shows that it will
be accompanied by the fact that all the mail mat-
ter will go into the mails, whereas it does not,
owing to the irregularity and delay.
Mr. PHELPS. What would be the annual
expense of transporting the mail from Louisville
to New Orleans?
Mr. STANTON. I do not know.
Mr. PHELPS. Several years ago there was
an attempt to establish a daily line of mails upon
the western waters, and at that time the Depart-
ment found that it would be attended with an ex-
pense of between $300,000 and $400,000. The
mail at this time is carried from Louisville to New
Orleans, six times a week, at an annual cost of
