1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
635
taining itself, no notice whatever is taken of the
expenses of the Department here. I think, that
fairness and honesty of legislation demand that
every appropriation should be made in such a
manner that it will speak as far as' posible for it-
self. It is these views that have induced the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to make the report in
the manner they have done. If the country decides
that the Post Office Department should be put upon
the general Treasury, let them do it knowingly and
understanding^. Do not undertake to cheat the
community into this thing without opening to them
a palpable view of it. If there is any country
on the earth, where appropriations should be^so
framed as to make a clear exhibit to the country
of the character of the expenditure, and its origin,
and resources, it is a country like ours. We have
already appropriated from the public Treasury
nearly $1,500,000 to support the new postage sys-
tem. Well, if the country desires it they will
sustain it. But I do say this, then, after having
made so large an appropriation for the Post Office
Department we should be careful in voting an addi-
tional £250,000. It is known to this House that
I am of opinion that there is eminent propriety in
making the Post Office establishment sustain itself,
and that there is no propriety in throwing it upon
the general Treasury. When it is made to sup-
port itself, the precise class of the community
which enjoys its advantages will pay for' them.
They will pay for it in the exact ratio in which
they enjoy it. When it is put upon the Treasury
they do not pay for it in the ratio in which they
do enjoy it.
More than half the people of the United States
who contribute to pay the taxes that supply the
general Treasury, never read or receive a letter in
the course of a year. If you will take the great
agricultural portion of the community, and even
the wealthiest portions of it, very few persons
will you find read or receive letters. Is there any
propriety in taxing this class for the benefit of the
commercial and professional portion of the commu-
nity ? I undertake to say that there is no agricultu-
ral State in the Unipn in which an average of one ,
half of the people do receive letters. Yet they con-
tribute, without any reference to this fact, to the
general Treasury. I do not think I can make my
intention plainer than by repeating what I said just
now: that there is an eminent propriety in making
the Post Office Department sustain itself, because
those persons who receive its advantages will con-
tribute to it in the precise ratio in which they do
receive those advantages; and when it is put
upon the Treasury, they payaccording to an equal
ratio of contribution to the Treasury. I have no
more to say.
Mr. VINTON said: Mr. Chairman, I am in
favor of the motion submitted by my colleague,
the chairman of the committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, [Mr. Potter,] and 1 have only
to repeat what was said by him, that this provis-
ion in the bill is an attempt to introduce something
new, and to change that which has been the ex-
isting practice of the Government ever since I
have known anything of it. At all times hereto-
fore the expenses of defraying the Post Office De-
partment—that is to say, the salaries of the Post-
master General, and his deputies, and his clerks—
has always been embraced in the civil and diplo-
matic bill, and have been considered a part of the
cjvil and diplomatic expenses of the Government,
precisely as the salaries of the Secretary of War,
and the clerks in the War Department are a part
of those expenses. You might just as well un-
dertake to say that the salaries of the Secretaries
and clerks of the War and Navy Departments
shall be charged upon those Departments. Now,
sir, at all times heretofore it has been the case that
these Executive officers, from the President down
to the lowest clerks in either of these Departments,
have been considered, treated, and appropriated for
as a part of the civil list of the country.
It will be remembered that the proposition of
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] saved1
no money. It does not propose to diminish the
expenses of the Department. It does not propose
to diminish the tax upon the country for sus-
taining the Department in any way. But it is a
proposal that instead of the expenses of the Post
Office Department being, like the War and Navy,
and other Departments of the Government, paid
out of the general revenues of the country, and
out of the general Treasury, shall be charged
• upon the income of the Post Office Department.
Now, sir, what will be the effect if you charge
; the expenses of this Department, amounting, I
believe, to some $80,000 or $100,000, on the in-
come and receipts of the Post Office Department ?
The effect will be that you will diminish the mail
I service precisely to that extent, unless you go to
'' the general Treasury to make up the deficiency.
I And, sir, if there is to be a diminution of the mail
service, where will it fall ? Why, sir, it will fall
upon the western country—upon that portion of
the country in the South and West where the
Department does not sustain itself. North of
here, in the commercial sections of the country,
the Post Office Department now sustains itself,
and more than sustains itself. It not only sustains
itself, but it pays the expenses, or covers the defi-
ciency, of the southern and western country. Of
course, therefore, if there is to be any .diminution
of the mail service of the country in consequence
of this change, it will be to cut down the mail
service and the mail advantages of the people of
this country. Where will it fall ? It will fall upon
the people of the southern and western country;
in otiier words it will fall upon those sections of
the country which do not support the expenses of
the mail facilities.
Now, I am opposed to this proposition, and in
favor of the motion of my colleague to strike
it out. I am for letting this thing stand, as it
always has been; and if the motion of my colleague
[Mr. Potter] prevails, it will be left to stand as
it has hitherto stood. This question, as is well
known, was debated here very much at large at
the last session of Congress. And this proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Virginia was then voted
down by a very huge majority of this House. I
believe I have nothing more to say upon this sub-
ject. But before sitting down I will, at the request
of the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, move that the committee rise, in order
that he may offer a resolution to stop debate.
The question was taken on the motion to rise,
and it was agreed to.
| So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
| resumed the chair, the chairman of the committee
1 reported progress.
Mr.. BAYLY offered the usual resolution to
stop debate in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union in fifteen minutes after the
House shall have again resolved itself into com-
mittee on the Post Office appropriation bill; and it
was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. JONES, the rules were sus-
pended and the House again resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of Union,
(Mr. Thompson, of Mississippi, in the chair.)
Mr. JONES. Mr. Chrirman, I understand the
motion before the committee is to strike out so
much of this bill as makes provision out of the
post office fund for the payment of the officers of
the General Post Office, except the Postmaster
General. The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vin-
ton,] who last addressed the committee, is in favor
of this amendment; and he advocated it with refer-
ence to the Army and-Navy—that because they are
paid from the common Treasury, so should the ex-
penses of the Post Office Department be. Sir, we
all know, and no one better than that gentleman,
that those two branches of the public service are,
always have been, and ever will be, supported out
of the general Treasury—supported by taxes upon
, the country. They have no means of making
money to defray their expenses. It was not de-
! aired or intended that these two branches of the
public service should meet their own expenses.
On the contrary, the Post Office was established
for the benefit of those who received their commu-
nications and mailable matter through that chan-
nel. It has always been the avowed policy, at
least of Congress, that this branch of the public
service should be sustained from its own revenues. I
Congress has, from time to time, prescribed rates j
of postage for that Department, to enable it to
meet its own current expenses. Now, sir, I can ,
see no good reason why the expenses incurred I
in carrying on the whole establishment should not \
be paia out of its own revenues. Sir, there is but )
one other branch of this Government, I believe,
where they collect fees; which branch is not inclu- j
ded in your appropriation bills, but is made a self-
sustaining Department. I refer to the Patent Of- |
. fice fund. The salary of the Commissioner and ,
! all the clerks, examiners, and officers employed [
in and about the Patent Office^arepaid, as I think,
out of the Patent Office fund. Sir, the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Potter,] among other things
which he has referred to upon this floor, when
I speaking of the Post Office, referred to the fact
' that there is a deficiency in the Post Office fund
1 which occurs in the southern and western States,
I and that in the northern States they pay more
| postage than the establishment costs—than the
i transportation, the salaries of the postmasters,
| and everything else in that part of the country,
costs them.
! Now, sir, if we are to have an account current
j stated between the States—if that is to be the
i policy—and every State is to have only as much
l money expended within its limits as is collected
j there, I extend to the gentleman my hand, and
j will meet him upon that ground. I will go into
the thing cordially and heartily, and will carry it
; out in good faith. I suppose, sir, in the State in
| which! live, there has occurred a small and insig-
nificant deficiency in the amount of postages re-
ceived when compared with the cost of the trans-
portation of the mails and the compensation of the
postmasters in that State. What becomes of the
$1,600,000 which the people of Tennessee pay an-
nually, according to the estimates of the last report
of the Secretary of the Treasury, under the tariff
system of this country ? I ask, what becomes of
this sum, which the people of Tennessee contribute
to the support of this Government? Is there
#100,000 returned, to be expended among them
! through the appropriations of this Government?
I venture the assertion, that there is not #100,000
out of the whole sum of $1,600,000 which the
people of Tennessee have paid, that is expended
within her limits; and this you will find by look-
ing at the reports of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Yet we are continually told that this is a State
which does not pay her quota of the expenses of
the Post Office establishment. Sir, were we to have
expended in Tennessee all her people pay to this
Government, we should have more than a million
and a half of dollars annually appropriated more
than we have. But you scatter this money which
she ought to receive, under the rule laid down by
the friends of low postage, upon the Atlantic coast—
upon rivers outside of her limits; you scatter the
money upon the Army and Navy, which should
fo to pay the deficiency of this very Post Office
>epartment itself. Sir, if we were to get expended
within our borders one half of the money we pay
into the public coffers, our State would be, in a
pecuniary point of view, situated far different
from what she is at this time. Yet, notwithstand-
ing the enormous burdens imposed upon her by
■ the Government, I am proud to say, she is a pros-
perous and thriving State. I say, if we should
have the money expended there which we pay,
we shonld have a different state of affairs; even
taking into consideration her present prosperous
condition. But, sir, suppose we do say, as the
Committee of Ways and Means provide in this
I bill, that this appropriation should be paid out of
the Post Office fund. If a deficiency occurs in the
! Post Office Department, ns there will, will you not
appropriate the money to pay that deficiency out
j of the Treasury of the country? The gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Potter,] the chairman of the
Post Office Committee, who makes this motion to
j strike out, reported a bill, which has passed
| through this House, appropriating $1,500,000 out
of the Treasury to meet the deficiency in the Post
Office fund. Sir, I can see no good reason why
this amendment should be made, and why this
appropriation should be stricken out of this bill—
: or why the source from which this deficiency is to
j be paid should be changed or altered in the least.
I hope that you will not adopt this amendment;
and 1 hope that this expenditure will be charged
to the Post Office; and when a deficiency occurs,
let us show to the country what the Post Office is
doing.
i Mr. McGAUGHEY. I rise for the purpose
! of simply remarking, that tlys seems to be a con-
i troversy about nothing. This money has to be
paid. It is a mere question whether we shall take
the money out of one fund or another. I do not
1 see why we should make a great fuss about wheth-
er this amount shall be charged to one fund or an-
other. Both funds belong to the United States,
and whether it is charged to one or the other, is a
matter of too little importance to occupy our at-
tention for a single moment. There is no dispute
