096
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 21,
about the amount to be paid, and as both funds
belong to the Treasury, it is in either event paid
out of the Treasury ot the United States. I hope,
sir, that this amendment will not be adopted, but
that the bill will pass as reported by the commit-
tC6. . ,
The reason which strikes me for passing this
bill in its present shape, is this, that by doing so,
you will keep all the expenses of the Post Office
Department together. There should be no neces-
aity-—if any gentleman should want to inquire and
ascertain the amount of the expenses of that De-
fartment—of his going to different places and
unting up different accounts, to be added together .
to get the result. It would be better if he could
go to one place and see the entire expense in one
account. In such a case, the search could be made
without any difficulty whatever. But even if i
there is nothing in this,, still there can be nothing ;i
in the suggestion of the chairman of the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads, and still less 1
in the argument of his colleague from Ohio, [Mr.
Vinson,] who, I believe, upon this occasion has j
made an argument that I should think he would
not be very willing to have go before his constitu-
ents, although it is the only one in his life, as far
as 1 know, that he has ever made, that he would
have any reason to suppress.
The question now being upon the motion of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Potter,]
Tellers were demanded and ordered, and Messrs.
Sweetser and Hallowat were appointed. The
question was then taken, and the tellers reported— ,
ayes 69, noes 37—no quorum voting. j
Mr. BAYLY. Call the roll. i
The CHAIRMAN said it required only ten ]
more to make a quorum.
Cries of " Call the roll!"
The CHAIRMAN. Do gentlemen insist upon
a call of the roll?
Mr. BAYLY. I insist upon it.
The Clerk then proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. MEADE. I wish to answer to ray name.
The CHAIRMAN. Was the gentleman from
Virginia within the bar when his name was
called ?
Mr. MEADE. I was not, but came in a mo-
ment after.   , ,
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia was too late.
Mr. MEADE. Does the Chair refuse to call
my name ?
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman was not
in the Hall when his name was called, the Chair
decides that his name cannot be recorded at pres-
eUMr. MlSADE. Then I appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
Mr. FEATHERSTON. It has been the uni-
versal practice of the House to allow a member to j
answer to his name if he came in before the call of |
the roll had been completed. !
Mr. STRONG. I submit that no appeal can ,
be taken from the decision of the Chair. The
committee is without a quorum. _ '
The CHAIRMAN then directed the following j
rule to be read:
" 125. Whenever the Committee of the Whole on the i
•tate of the Union, or the Committee of the Whole House,
Jind*itself without a quorum, the chairman shall cause tne
roll of the House to be called,and thereupon the committee
•hall rise, and the chairman shall report the names of the
absentees to the Houae, which shall be entered on the
journal."—December 18, 1847.
Mr. MEADE. I appeal to the Chair whether
I was absent when the committee rose.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman was ab-
sent when his name was called. _
Mr. MEADE. That is not the,rule; the rule is,
that -the chairman shall report those who are
absent when the committee rises.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that if
a gentleman is not here when his name is called
he is to be considered as absent.
Mr. MEADE. I appeal from the deeunon.
Mr. JONES. The Chair cannot entertain a
motion while there is no quorum. _
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has so de-
cided. , . .
Mr. MEADE. I appeal from that decision.
[Laughter.]
The committee then rose, and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the Chair, the chairman reported thg
absentees.
Mr. MEADE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to ft privi-
leged question. I submit that I was improperly
reported by the chairman of the Committee of the
Whole as an absentee when I was present before
the committee rose. . ,
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is reported
as being present.
Mr. MEADE. I am satisfied.
The SPEAKER. The roll has been called, and
a quorum found present. . . ,
The House again went into Committee of the
Whole. , , ,
The CHAIRMAN stated that when the com-
mittee rose the motion pending was that of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Potter.]
Mr. VINTON said he wished the committee
to take notice, that if these items were stricken out,
they would go into the civil and diplomatic bill,
j The tellers (Messrs. Sweetser and Hal-
| loway) resumed their places; and the question
! being taken, the tellers reported—ayes 78, noes
i 50.
j So the amendment was agreed to.
I Mr. POTTER said he had another amendment
! to offer. He moved to strike out from the bill
i the following:
" For transportation of the mails jn two steamships from
New York, by Southampton, to Bremen, at $100,000 tor
eaoh ship, under the contract with the Ocean Steam Navi-
gation Company of New York \ and for transportation by
two ships, under the same contract, from New York to
Havre, at $75,000 each, in addition to unexpended balance
of former appropnaUous, $267,000."
Mr. P. said he moved to strike out that section
of the bill because it was ambiguous. It was im-
possible, in his opinion, to tell the amount which
was intended to appropriate by the section.
Mr. JONES said that this was in accordance
with the estimates sent by the Post Office Depart-
ment to the committee.
Mr. POTTER said it was none the more lucid
on that account. He did not understand the
amount to be appropriated by this section of the
bill. If any member of the Committee of Ways
and Means would explain, he would give way lor
that purpose. .
Mr. JONES said an appropriation was made for
one contract of $200,000, for another contract of
8150,000. Taking out the balance which remains
unexpended from a former appropriation, leaves
*267,000, which this bill makes appropriation for.
Mr. POTTER desired to know how the sum of
(267,000 was made out.
Mr. JONES said, the amount to be paid to carry
, out the two contracts for which this section of the
i bill provides, was $350,000. There was an unex-
! penued appropriation of $83,000. Taking this
i from the $350,000 leaves $267,000, which is the
! amount appropriated in this section of the bill.
I Mr. BAYLY had nothing to add to what his
■ colleague upon the Committee of Ways and Means
| [Mr. Jones] had said. This appropriation was
j in accordance with the estimates made by the Post
Office Department, and the explanation of the gen-
' tleman from Tennessee showed precisely what
was to be understood by it. There was no am-
' i biguity in the matter.
t The question now being upon the motion of
Mr. Potter, he asked for tellers; but they were
i not ordered. • i ,
The question was then taken, and the amena-
'1 ment was disagreed to.
| Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, offered the fol-
|' lowing amendment:
i I Beit further enacted, That the Postmaster General be
!; hereby required to contract (or the carrying of the mails
• between Louisville and New Orleans, and the intermediate
r points, by such .line or lines of steamboats as shall be es-
i tablished for the purpose, and with the capacity of running
1 with regularity and certainty at all seasons of the year upon
j - the various sections of the Ohio and Mississippi nvers;
i and so soon as such lines can be put in operation, it shall
1' no longer be lawful to send the mails, as at present, by tran-
sient boats not contracting for the regular carriage of tho
i same.
post office bill. It merely directed the mode of
expediting the mails.
The CHAIRMAN said the object of this bill
was to make provision for carrying on the mail
service. The amendment of the gentleman from
Tennessee provided for the establishment of post
offices and post roads. The Chair had decided
the amendment to be out of order. From that
decision the gentleman from Tennesssee had ap-
pealed.
The question was taken, and the decision of the
Chair was sustained.
Mr. PENN offered the following amendment:
(' For the transportation of the mail between Louisville
and New Orleans, touching at Evansville, Carroll ton, Hen-
derson, Cairo, Memphis, Vickvburjr. Natchez, Bayou Sara,
! Baton Rouge, and all intermediate | oin's, seven times each
' way per week, by steam vesseis under the employment of
i the Postmaster General, and for fourteen mail messengers,
; $100,000."
i Mr. JONES rose to a point of order. The
! amendment was not in order, for the same reason
: for which the amendment just offered by the gen-
' tleman from Tennessee [Nlr. Stanton] had been
i ruled out of order. . .
1 Mr. MARSHALL said it was only a provision
directing the transportation of the mail.
I The CHAIRMAN said the point of order which
was made was, that it directs the number of mails
I which shall be carried.
Mr. JONES said there was also another point
which he made. It was, that it provides for four-
teen additional messengers.
The CHAIRMAN decided, that as the amend-
ment stood he must rule it out of order.
Mr. PENN said he would strike out the word
"messengers."
Mr. JONES said the amendment would still be
out of order, upon the ground that it prescribes the
number of times the mail was to be carried.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out of
order. , ...
Mr. MARSHALL appealed from that decision
The CHAIRMAN explained the ground upon
which the amendment was decided out of order.
The question was taken, Ij^hall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the committee?
and decided in the affirmative.
So the amendment was ruled out of order.
t Mr. POTTER offered the following amend-
ment:
,, Mr. S. said he thought it hardly possible for the
' amendment to be adopted, after the experience
we have had to-day of the division which exists
among the western men upon this floor. He,
i however, wished a vote taken upon it.
Mr. BAYLY rose to a point of order. The
i amendment provided for the establishment of post
! routes. He submitted that it was not in order.
The CHAIRMAN decided the motion to be
out of order.
Mr. STANTON said he would have to take an :
appeal. He thought it properly belonged to the II
" That the Postmaster General is hereby authorized to
allow hereafter, to the special agents of the Post Office
Department, the same amount of salary as is allowed to the
principal clerks of the Post Office Department."
Mr. JONES rose to a point of order. He
thought the amendment out of order. It had
nothing to do with this bill.
The CHAIRMAN decided the amendment to
be in order. It provided for carrying out existing
laws. "
Mr. POTTER. I offer this amendment for
the purpose of doing justice to that very important
class of agents connected with the Post Office De-
partment. It is to increase the pay of the special
mail messengers for looking into the depredations
which are made upon the mails. It provides for
increasing their salaries from $1,000 and $2 per day
for their expenses, to $1,600 per annum and the
same sum of $2 per day to pay their expenses.
Mr. JONES (interrupting) rose to a point of
order. He thought it was not in order to increase
the pay of these persons from $1,000 to $1,600, m-
asmuch as it altered the rates now establised oy
law-
The CHAIRMAN decided the amendment to
be in order. .
Mr. POTTER (resuming) said the salaries ot
these messengers are not sufficient to support
them. Many of them have families to support.
They are among the most important officers con-
nected with the Post Office Department. If ' ®
salaries are not increased, you will have to
pelise with the best men connected with tne
partment. I am not for high salaries, bu
•it but right to give the laborer the wort
hire. T^ese agents are men of character,
cupy places of great responsibility- y
obliged to go nignt and day, ra|n ^ hound
matter what may be the weather, lhey .
to go. I think $1,000 anu ^ r „innort -
expenses, is wholly inadequate to i,nVp fkm-
especially to support those of them w .
ilies. I hope .the amendment will be P •
Mr. JONES. I think the salaries of theee agen
