* 1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
m
•were fixed about thelast year in the administration
of Mr. Tyler. It was fixed at $1,000 a year and $2
per day to cover their expenses. Then they travel
upon all the public thoroughfares over whicb the
mail is carried—upon railroad, steamboat, and
stages, and §3 per day will more than cover their • j
expenses.
A Voicb. How on lines over which the mail 1
is not carried ?
Mr. JONES. They have no business on lines
over which the mail is not carried. I think this is
ample compensation. 1 venture to say, that if this
compensation is not raised, there will not a single
one of them abandon the employment. I do not
hesitate to say, that I can find in ten days fifty
thousand persons who would be glad to accept the
situation—as sood men, too, as they.
Mr. MATTESON. I would like to inquire of
thechairmnnof the Committee on the PoatOfnceand
Post Roads what is the number of these agents?
Mr. POTTER was understood to say that there '
were eight of them.
The CHAIRMAN said all debate was out of
order.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Pot- '
ter's amendment by tellers, (Messrs. Strong and '
BrLLARD acting,) and resulted—ayes 45, noes 75.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. ALBERTSON offered the following amend-
ment:
For dc Cm vine the expenses of a daily steamboat mail
line between Louisville and New Orleans, .§100,000.
The CHAIRMAN decided the amendment to
be out of order, on the ground that it was not for
carrying into effect tlie existing laws in relation to
the mail service.
Mr. MARSHALL said he had another amend-
ment, which lie offered for the purpose of reaching
the same point, and which he believed to be in
oifler.
The amendment is as follows:
For the transportation ot" the mail between St. Louis and ,
Louisville aud New Orleans, touching at Evansville, Car-
roltton, Henderson, Cairo, Memphis, vicksbarg, Natchez, j
Bayon Sara, Baton Rouge, and all other intermediate points, ;
$100,000. I
Mr. JONES roaP to a point of order. The j
amendment prescribed the kind of service upon a I
mail route, and therefote cannot be in order.
The CHAIRMAN decided the amendment to ]
be out of order. j
Mr. MARSHALL said he would modify his
amendment to read as follows:
For the transportation of the mail between St. Louis j
and Louisville and New Orleans, touching at Evansville, I
Carrol I ton, Henderson, Cairo, Memphis, Vieksburg, Natch-
ex, Bayou Sara, Baton Rouge, and all other intermediate j
points, $100,000.
Mr. JONES thought the amendment would not.
be then in order, for !• still prescribes the route
which this bill has no right to do.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment to be 1
in order.
Mr. JONES appealed from the decision of the
Chair. It prescribes the route, and has no busi-
ness in an appropriation bill.
Mt. STRONG desired to state another point of
order. The amendment was to the paragraph of
the bill which provides for the transportation of
the mail, and inasmuch as the committee have al- '
ready passed that paragraph, it would not be in '
order to amend it.
The CHAIRMAN said the point of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Strong] was cor-
rflfct, except in cases where the whole bill consist-
ed of a single section. This bill was one of that
character, and therefore any portion of ft could :
be amended at one time as well as another, while
the bill was open to amendment. ;
Mr. STRONG suggested that the bill was being '
read by paragraphs.
The CHAIRMAN decided the amendment to
be in order.
Mr. STRONG appealed from that decision* j
The CHAIRMAN said the gentlemen from
Kentucky [Mr. Marshall] had offered an amend-
ment making provision for the transportation of*
the mail over a known route, recognized under the
laws of the Government. The Chair decided the
amendment to be in order; from this decision the ;
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Strong] ap- ,
peals.
The question being, Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the committee?
was taken, and resulted—ayes 70,noes notcounted.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mt. MARSHALL. I can say all I desire in
a few sentences. I have no disposition to consume
time in debate, as I know well how precious is
the remaining time of Congress. I want the
amendment to pass, because it will indicate the
wish of Congress, that the officer superintending .
the post office branch of public service shall ap- j
propriate some reasonable and proportional amount j
of the revenues of the post office to the accommo- I
dation of the people of the southern and western '
country. Look at this bill. It appropriates 1
1100,000 to each ship which carries the mail from I
New York to Bremen; $75,000 to each ship that j
carries the mail from New York to Havre. The ;
committee will surely not deem my demand un- j
reasonable to have $100,000 for the service from j
Louisville to New Orleans. The distance is near- i
ly as great as from our seaboard to those Euro- 1
pean ports, and the voyage is more laborious and >
perilous. Sir, I am not disposed to complain of
the administration of the Post Office Department
unnecessarily, but I do not understand a good ,
reason why so little of the revenues of that De- j
partment is afforded to the line from New Orleans i
to Louisville. I do not understand the philosophy
which prefers an expenditure of the means of |
this Department to facilitate intercourse between
New York and Europe, rather than to afford
means of intercourse between our own people. I
see, by reference to the Post Office report, that
about $70,000 are paid for the transportation of
the mail from Aquia creek to this city, (about
fifty miles.) Yet, not half that sum is given to
the whole service from Louisville to New Orleans,
though there are more cities, towns, population,
and valuable interests in the last-named region,
along the river, than are served by the mail to
this city to which I have referred. Again: the
mail is carried from the East to the W est as far
as the Ohio twice a day—I believe as far as Cincin-
nati. This enables the merchants of Boston,
New York, Philadelphia, and Baltimore, to cor-
respond regularly and rapidly with their western
customers. From Louisville the direction of trade j
changes towards the South, and from the point
where this occurs, you bid farewell to mail facili-
ties—indeed, the little service we have is irregular
and unequal to the public wants, and may be
said to be in a state of utter disorganization.
The Postmaster General now permits $ 100 per
trip to be paid to steamers departing from Louis-
ville and New Orleans twice a week—the other trips
$25. These latter trips do not supply intermedi-
ate points, save two or three. It is not unusual
for letters to be in the mail two weeks on the Ohio
between points which are within a day's ride of
* each other. My proposition contemplates a change
in the service, thus: a mail shall depart from New
Orleans and Louisville every day, and shall sup-
ply all the important intermediate points. For
this service we will pay $100 to the carrier, as I
learn the service will be performed for this com-
pensation. This will require fourteen boats, or
$1,400 per week—say $73,000 per annum. To
facilitate the service, each of these vessels shall
have a route agent on board to arrange the way
mails, to see to the delivery of the mail at the
proper points, to take charge of way-letters, and
to superintend the proper execution of the service.
Such messengers are multiplied on the New York
routes, until the number has attracted animadver-
sion here, and I do not perceive why they cannot
be given on our rivers. Fourteen route agents
could be employed at $14,000. In my opinion,
this plan would prove satisfactory to our people
and economical to the Department.
The objection is heard that this is a requisition
for more money than the Department has asked.
If the Department, in the disposition of its reve-
nue, never does ask for an appropriation for the
service in question, the concession to this objection
will postpone our wants indefinitely. The bfll
upon your table appropriates merely from the
revenue arising from the Post Office, and is an en-
dorsement by Congress of the distribution of
means, as made by the head of that Department
of Government. The wants of the lower Ohio and
Mississippi are not properly regarded in that distribu-
tion which is proposed, and it is my object, here
and now, to rectify it, and to express the will of
Congress on that subject. I hope, earnestly, that
the House will agree to my amendment.
I Mr. STRONG. I am opposed, Mr. Chairman,
to the proposition of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Marshall,] who proposes to add
£100,000 for the transportation of the mails—that
is the substance of his proposition.
Mr. MARSHALL. It comes out of the reve«
nues of the Department.
Mr. STRONG. Exactly.. We have now al-
ready, in a part of the bill over which we have
passed, in the paragraph between lines thirty-four
and thirty-six, which makes an appropriation for
the transportation of the mails throughout the Uni-
ted States on every route on which the mails ere-
now transported, of J3,476,000. That is all, I un-
! derstandj that is asked for by the Department for
the transportation of the mails over every route.
Mr. BAYLY. Every cent they ask.
Mr. STRONG. We are now asked to adopt
an amendment to this bill appropriating $100,000
for the transportation of the mail more than is
asked for by this Department. Why is that?
We are asked, to be sure, to designate the place at
which the boats that transport the mails shall pass.
Inasmuch as we have already appropriated all that
is asked for by the Department for every route in
I the United States, including the route which the
gentleman from Kentucky speaks of, I am at a
loss to perceive why we should add $100,(WO to-
that appropriation.
Mr. MARSHALL, Take it from the appro-
priation given to foreign lines.-
Mr. STRONG. Cm bone? In answer to the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall,] so
for as my observation extends to foreign lines, I
am as much opposed to these foreign tines as any
man upon this floor. I was among the earliest op-
ponents of appropriations to these lines in a former
Congress. But the gentleman proposes to take it
off from one of these contracts.
Mr. MARSHALL. I will ask the gentleman,
what sort of an appropriation is that, where only
two mails a week are provided?
Mr. STRONG. If this amendment is to in-
crease the service, and to make a different arrange-
ment with the service, it is out of order. I cannot
perceive the necessity which exists in this case for
providing this additional amount, and I hope tha
amendment will not be adopted.
Mr. ALBERTSON was making some remark*
to show why the additional appropriation was ne-
cessary, when
The CHAIRMAN said that the gentleman from
Indiana was not in order unless he should offer an
amendment.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, offered an
amendment to the amendment, increasing the ap-
propriation $200,000.
Mr. S. said: Mr. Chairman, the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Strong] seems not
to understand the precise object of this amend-
ment. It is nearly the same in substance, al-
though somewhat different, from the one which I
first presented, with the concurrence of several
gentlemen in the House whose constituents are in-
terested in the matter. The great object, as you
very well know, coming from the valley of the
Mississippi as you do, iB to secure to that section
of the country such transportation of the mails
as will accomplish something for the benefit
of that fregion. As it is now, the situation
of things there is a disgrace to the Post Office De-
partment. I do not pretend to bring any charge
against the present head of that Department, for
this has been the case during the whole term of
service for the last six years.
There has not been a year when I have been
home among my constituents, that I have not
heard the greatest complaints in regard to this very
matter. I stated here a little while ago, that I
never received papers and letters from my own
district by the mails, but what I received the
mails of a whole week, and sometimes more than
a week. It all arises from the condition of the
river mails. It must be manifest that the House
has made this appropriation, not to call the atten-
tion of the Postmaster General to this subject, but
to make it obligatory upon him to give the popu-
lation upon the Mississippi river and its principal
branches such facilities in reference to the carry-
ing of the mails as will secure a regular supply of
mail matter to the different points on the river. I
think it is plain—it must be plain—after what has
been said, that it will result in no increased ex-
penditure. It is a notorious fact, that throughout
