1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
639
the proper compensation te be paid therefor in such case
provided.  
ii Sec. —. .Mttie it further tnactei, That from and af-
ter the said first day of July, 1853, the transportation of the
■nil in steamship* shall be continued to and from the sev-
eral ports and places specified in said contracts; for which
purpose the Postmaster General shall advertise for receiv-
ing propositions for said service; and he shall accept the
lowest terms offered, provided he shall be of the opinion
tbey are reasonable, and shall be approved by the President
of the Tnited States. And if uot accepted and approved as
aibrasaid, the Postmaster General, under the approval of
the President, may contract with any other person for such
strain service. No contract shall be made to continue a
shorter time than three years, nor for a longer period than
six years. The advertising shall be in such places and in
such newspapers as will be best calculated to give general
notice, and shall state the class of steamers required for such
service. All laws touching the Post Office Department and
the transportation of the mail not inapplicable to ocean
■team service shall apply to such contracts."
Mr. BAYLY made a point of order against the
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out of
order.
Mr. VINTON moved that the committee rise
and report the bill.
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana, said he had an
amendment to offer from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. B. offered an amendment to pay " $360 for
extra labor performed" by a messenger in the Post
Office Department.
Mr. BAYLY rose to a point of order. He said
the amendment was a private claim, and therefore
could not be in order.
The CHAIRMAN decided the amendment to
be out of order.
Mr. MEADE offered an amendment providing
that there shall be no diminution of the salaries of
clerks of postmasters.in consequence of the pas-
sage of the bill for the reduction of the rates of
postage.
Mr. BAYLY rose to a point of order.
Mr. MEADE appealed to his colleague to with-
draw his point of order.
Mr. BAYLY refused.
Mr. MEADE said the amendment was certainly
germane to the bill. There was a bill passed here
not long since in which a provision was made
providing that the sauries of postmasters should
not be reduced. We failed to make the same
provision in relation to postmasters' clerks. He
said he had lately received a letter from clerks in
his own town,(Petersburg,) complaining that there
the provision was not made. He understood that
memorials had been received from various quarters
in relation to the same subject.
Mr. BAYLY (interrupting) rose to a point of
order. He- said the statement of his colleague
showed that his amendment was out of order.
Mr. VINTON made a remark which was not
heard by the Reporter. '
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides it out
of order for two reasons. The first is, that we
have passed that part in the bill to which it would
apply. The other part is, that it proposes to
change an existing law, which, in a general ap-
propriation bill, we have no right to do.
Mr. MEADE said it did not change the exist-
ing law.
[Loud cries of "Order!" "order!" from all
parts of the Hall.]
Mr. VINTON moved that the committee rise
and report the bill.
The question was put, and the motion was
agreed to.
The committee rose, and the Speaker having re-
sumed the chair, the chairman reported that the
committee had had under consideration the Union
generally, and particularly a bill making appro-
priations for the service of the Post Office Depart-
ment, and had instructed him to report the same
with amendments.
Mr. BAYLY demanded the previous question;
which received a second, and the main question
was ordered.
The question now being- on agreeing to the
amendments of the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, it was put, and the amend-
ments were concurred in.
Mr. MEADE moved that the House do now
adjourn; but at the request of several members
withdrew the motion.
Mr. JONES said that the previous question
had been ordered, and as the House was very
thin, and a good many gentleman wanted the yeas
and nays upon the passage of the bill, he hoped
the House would adjourn. He made that mo-
tion.
The question was taken, and decided in the af-
firmative—ayes 62, noes 53—and
The House adjourned.
PETITIONS, fce.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were presented
uuder the rule, aud referred to appropriate committees:
By Mr. SWEETSER: The petition of Seth P. Smith
and 160 oUiers, voters of St. Albans, Licking county, Ohio,
prayutglor the repeal of the fugitive slave law.
By Mr. MANN, of Massachusetts: The petition of
Charles Ellis and 56 others, (33 ot whom are legal veters,)
all of Roxbury, in the State of Massachusetts, praying for
the immediate repeal of the fugiuve slave law.
By Mr. 1JOTY : A petition of H. l>. Patch, R. V. Bogert,
Elbridge Van Eps, and other citizens of Wisconsin, tor a
mail route from Beaver Dam to Uekora.
By Mr. RUMSEY : The petition of Otis Thatcher, as-
sistant marshal, and 16 other citizens of Steubeu county,
New York, tor additional compensation to marshals tor
taking the census.
Also, the petition ofE. D. Strickland, assistant marshal,
and 14 others, citizens of Allegany county, New Y ork, tor
the same purpose.
By Mr. GOTT: Several memorials of citizens of New
York, for additional compensation to deputy marshals tor
taking the census.
By Mr. BENNETT r A petition of S. Bandy, jr., and 88
others, of Chenango county, New York, for additional com-
pensation to assistant marshals.
Also, a petition from J. L. Sawyer, Broome county, New
York, tor the same purpose.
By Mr. ROSE: The petition of John N. Hurburt, and
other citizens of Livingston county, New York, praying
additional compensation to assistant marshals.
By Mr. NEWELL: The memorial ot the Industrial Le-
gislature of New Jersey, in favor of freedom of the public
lands.
By Mr. BELL : The petition of W. Long and 40 others,
citizens of Ohio, praying Congress to abolish the office of
chaplain in Coolness and the Army and Navy of the Uni-
ted States. •
By Mr. GILMORE: The petition of James McGowen
and 120 others, citizens of BuUer county, Pennsylvania, tor
a repeal of the fugiuve slave law.
Also, the petition of J. N. Hetherington, and 100 others,
citizens of Clarion eounty, Pennsylvania, praying tor a
modification of the tariff law of 1846.
By Mr. PUTNAM: The petiuon of Dand Mallory and
26 other citizens of Bethany, New York, praying for an in-
creased rate of compensation to the census marshals.
By Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee: The petition of W. D.
Turner, asking tor an appropriation in money in lieu of the
bounty land that he may be entitled to under the act of 28th
September, 1850.
By Mr. McLANAHAN: The memorial of240 citizens of
the borough of Carlisle, praying for an amendment of the
bounty land law, so as to grant to each of the persons in-
tended to be benefited by said act, and to seamen and ma-
rines, one hundred and sixty acres of land-
By Mr. BINGHAM: The petition of J. R. Smith and
others tor the relief ot'C. S. Thompson, a moil contractor in
Michigan.
JBy Mr. RUMSEY: The petition of James Gansevoort,
assistant marshal, and 43 others, citizens of Steuben county,
New York, for additional compensation to marshals tor
taking the census.
By Mr. MOORE: The resolutions of the Legislature
of Pennsylvania, relative to the establishment of mail steam-
ers between San Francisco and China, and Philadelphia,
Norfolk, and Europe.
Also, resolutions of the same Legislature relative to the
distribution of the decisions of the Supreme Court of the
United States.
By Mr. REED: The resolution ofthe PennsylvaniaAgri-
cultural Convention, held at Harriaburg, " That it is the
opinion of this convention that it is important to a large
agricultural interest of this Commonwealth, to exhibit at
the World's Fair, in London, specimens of the wool grown
in thiscountry; and thatit be recommended to our Senators
and Representatives in Congress to obtain an appropriation
of a competent sum from the fund of the Patent Office et
the United States, to defray the expense of an agent, who
shall take with luui prepared and select specimens ot such
wool', to be exhibited at the said fair, for Uie premium to be
awarded to productions of the highest excellence."
By Mr. JACKSON, ofNew York : The petition of Giles
Gregory, a deputy marshal of Tompkins county, New York,
and 37 citizens of said county, praying census compensa-
tion to said Gregory.
By Mr. GILBERT: The petition of500 citizens of Yuba
county, in California, praying the creation of a Board of
Commissioners to adjudicate private land claims in that
State, and that laws may be passed for surveying the pub-
lic lands, and granting preemption rights therein.
By Mr. RISLEY: The peution of S. N. Clark, and 40
others, citizens of Cattaraugus county, New York, praying
Congress to increase the compensation to deputy marshals
for taking the census.
Also, the petition of J. G. Hinkley, and others, citizens
of Chautauque county, New York, tor the same object.
Also, the petition of John King Skinner, and 40 others,
citizens of Cattftraugus, New York, for the same object.
By Mr. PHELPS: The petition of Thomas Morris tor a
pension in consequence of disability.
Also, of the citizens of Jasper county, Missouri, praying
for the survey and improvement of Grand river west of the
State of Arkansas and Missouri.
Also, of the county court of Henry county, Missouri, pray-
ing a grant of land to aid in the construction of a railroad froin
St. Louis to the western limits of the State of Missouri.
By Mr. MATTESON: The petition of James C. Gibbsand
24 others; of Johu Parker and 23 others; of Jaines Parker,
jr. and 27 others; of Fiteb Howes and 31 others; of Caleb
P. Mills and 29 others; of A. L. Beaton and 40 others, citi-
zens af Oneida county, New York.
Also; of Seth Miller and 16 citizens ofLewis county, New
York, for additional compensation to assistant marshals for
taking the census.
By Mr. COLE: The memorial of the Legislature of Wis-
consin, in relation to Fort Crawford.
By Mr. JULIAN: The petition of 65 citizens of Parke
and Putnum counties, in the State of Indiana, praying Con-
gress to repeal the iugitive slave law passed at the last
session*
Also, the petition of 61 citizens of Park county, Indiana,
praying Congress to repeal the fugitive slave law passed at
the late session.
By Mr.•EVANS, of Ohio: The petition of Mary Young
for compensation fbr the services of her father, William
Liggett, in the revolutionary war.
By THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania: The petition of Jas.
Kerr and 49 others, citizens of Pennsylvania, for a modifi-
cation of the tariff law.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 22, 1851.
The House met at eleven o'clock. The Journal
of yesterday having been read—
Mr. BAYLY, by unanimous consent, from the
Commitue of Ways and Means, reported a bill
making appropriations for the naval service for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1852; which was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. BAYLY desired to know if it would be in
order to-day to move to suspend the rules ?
The SPEAKER replied that it would be in or-
der to make such a motion, but not at this time,
as the main question had been ordered to be put
upon the engrossment of the Post Office appro-
priation bill.
Mr. FEATHERSTON asked the unanimous
consent of the House to move to proceed to the
consideration of the bill for the relief of Colonel
David A. Hopkins.
Objection was made.
Mr. FEATHERSTON moved to suspend the
rules to enable him to make the motion.
The SPEAKER stated that he had just decided
that this motion could not be entertained, as the
House had ordered the main question upon the
engrossment of the Post Office appropriation bill.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House then proceeded to consider the
amendment reported from the Committee of the"
j Whole on the state of the Union to the bill ma-
I king appropriations for the service of the Post
Office Department during the fiscal year ending the
30th of June, 1852, viz: Strike out of the bill that
part which provides for the support of the Gen-
eral Post Office in this city. [The amendment
(published in the proceedings of yesterday) con-
templates the support of that office from the Gen-
eral Treasury, agreeably to previous practice,
while the clause proposed to be stricken out pro-
vides for its support from the revenues of the Post
Office Department.]
The question now being on concurring in the
amendment (as above-mentioned) of tfie Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
Mr. FEATHERSTON demanded the yeas and
nays; which were ordered, and taken, ana the re-
sult was—yeas 87, nays 79—as follows:
YE —Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Anderson, Ashmun,
Bell, Bennett, Bingham, Bokee, Briggs, Brooks, Bullard,
Burrows, Butler,Joseph Cable, ('hand]#, Cleveland, Cole,
Conger, Corwin, Dickey, Diramick, Dixon, Doty, Duncan,
Durkee, Eliot, Nathan Evans, Freedley, Gentry, Giddings,
Goodenow, Gott, Gould, Grinnell, Halloway, Hampton,
Haymond, Hebard, Henry, Howe, Hunter, James L. John-
son, Julian, Kerr, George G. King, Jaines G. King, John
'A. King, Horace Mann, Matteson, McDowell, McKissock,
Daniel F. Miller, Moore, Morehead, Morris, Morton, Nel-
son, Newell, Ogle, Otis, Phelps, Pitman, Potter, Reynolds,
Richardson, Itisley, Rose—Rtimsey, Sackett, Sawtelle,
Schenck, Schermerhorn, Sflloolcraft, Shepperd, Silvester,
Stanly, Stetson, Stron®, Taylor, Tuck, Underbill, Van
Dyke,Vinton, Walden, Waldo, White, and Whittlesey—87.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Asbe, Averett, Bayly, Bowie,
Bowlin, Boyd, Buel, Burt, George A. Caldwell, Joseph P.
Caldwell, Cartter, Clingman, W. R. W. Cobb, Daniel, Dan-
■ ner, Deberry, Edmundson, Ewing, Featherston, Fitch,
i Fuller, Gilmore, Gorman, Green, Hall, Hamilton, Ham-
mond, Haralson, Harlan, Isham G. Harris, Sampson W.
1 Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Hibbard, Holladay, Holmes,
Howard, Joseph W. Jackson, WilliamT. Jackson, Andrew
I Johnson, Robert W  Johnson, Jones, Leffler, Littlelield,
! Job Mann, Marshall, Mason, McClemcmd, McGaujhey,
McLanahan, Robert M. McLanc, McMullen, McQueen,
McWillie, Meade, Millson, Morse, Olds, On, Outlaw,
Parker, Peaslep, Peck, Penn, Robbins, Frederick P. Stan-
ton, Richard II. Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens, Thom-
as, James Thompson, Toombs, Wallace, Watkine, Well-
, born, Wentworth, Wildriek, Williams, Mid Young—79.
