THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $1 50 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1851.
New Series No. 41.
oar navy impossible. I will not enlarge upon this
point any further, but it really does seem to me
that the introduction of steam has greatly increased
the necessity for these fortifications.
Now, sir, as to the points in which this bill is
to be attacked. If this bill is to be attacked any-
where, 1 suppose it is to be attacked in regard to
the appropriations at those points where little has
been done and where a vast deal remains to be
done; and these points are, principally, Fort Dela-
ware, on Pea Patch Island, the fortification at Sol-
ler's Point, Baltimore, at Key West, and at Gar-
den Key, in the Gulf of Mexico. First as to the
Pea Patch. The importance of that fortification
to protect the commerce of Delaware, Pennsylva-
nia, and New Jersey, and the cities in that section
of the country, has never been questioned by mil-
itiry men. I cannot conceive why, after having
expended as much as we have there, that fortifica-
tion should be suspended. As to the fortification
at Seller's Point, I have no doubt that that work
ought to be completed. But I will leave the de-
fence of this fortification to my friend from the city
of Baltimore, [Mr. McLane,] who is a military
nan, and who can do it better justice than I can.
Fort Monroe does not defend the upper Chesa-
peake Bay, as the bay is twenty miles wide, but it
defends the whole of James River, on which are sit-
uated Richmond and Petersburg. It defends the
city of Norfolk and our Navy-Yards. Sir, what
would be the condition of this Navy-Yard—frigates
on the stocks ready to be launched—in time of
war, with a great many more national vessels in
ordinary? With large stores of supplies, what a
figure we would cutin case of asudden war. They
would all be destroyed by an enemy's fleet. Up-
wards of $2,000,000 have been expended upon
this fortification, and it only requires an expendi-
ture of $60,000 to complete it. And isit wise, with
the view of saving this small sum, to abandon it ?
Let me say a word as to the fortifications in Florida.
The fortifications at Key West and Garden Key
you will see are very important, if you will look
at the situation of that country. There Mexico
has her great fortification at Vera Cruz. There
Spain has in her possession that terrific fortress,
Moro Castle; and there, too, right in our immedi-
ate neighborhood, at Bermuda and Jamaica Islands
are enormous naval depots and fortifications, afford-
•ing places of refuge for their vessels. But in that
vicinity our vessels have not a solitary place of
refuge to which they can fly in case of danger.
With these remarks I leave the subject, as 1 am
very much worn out with fatigue, although there
are other points in the bill which I have not dis-
cussed.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I desire to say that I am
opposed to the entire system of fortifications, as !
unsuited to the age in which we live, expensive,
and entirely useless. I make no war upon par-
ticular fortifications,. I singl* out no individual
work as the ebject of reform. At our last session !
1 stated that I would agree to appropriations for
Not so with this $20,000,000 thrown away upon
your fortifications; they bring back no benefits
whatever. I therefore oppose them. This coun-
try is weary of them.
But, sir, the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means insists that in case of war these
works will be useful. This hypothesis presup-
poses that we are to do wrong to other nations, to
violate our duty towards other Governments: For
while we deal justly with them, no man pretends
there will be the least possible danger from them.
Again, with less than three millions of people al-
most without arms, and without the ability to
manufacture them, destitute of the entire materiel
of war, and without fortifications, we defended our
country against the most powerful and warlike
nations upon the earth, and drove their armies
from our snores. Yet gentlemen pretend that these
works are now necessary, while we have more
than twenty millions of people, with an unlimited
amount of the materiel of war, and of every pos-
sible facility for defence. With your steamboats
and railroads, by which an hundred thousand troops
may be thrown into any of your large cities within
twenty-four hours, with all the means of self-de-
fence, we are told that it is necessary to have these
fortifications to protect ourselves. And we legislate
here, and tax the people and spend their money
on these works under such remote contingency!
Sir, we none of us spend our own funds in sucli a
manner.
In the first place, there is not the most remote
probability that we shall ever be involved in a war
with any nation capable of invading our territory.
In the second place, if invaded, we have the
means of protection and defence within ourselves ;
aside from your fortifications.
In the third place, these fortifications are posi-
tively useless in case of war; and the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means [Mr. Bayly]
has selected a bad illustration of his argument.
He says, in the war of 1812, the British fleet would
have sailed up the Potomac, except from the pro-
tection which Fort Washington afforded to this
i city. But did Fort Washington protect the city?
Why, sir, the city was taken. We had built a
fort on the river. It contained heavy ordnance,
■ and might have sunk a vessel if it had only come
within range of its guns. But, sir, they very
! prudently landed out of reach of those guns, and
the troops marched around the fort, and came into
the city and took it. Now,a greater burlesque upon
this whole system of fortification could not have ;
been conceived than this simple narration of facts.
Do we suppose that an army or navy will come
within range of a fort for the purpose of being de- J
molished? I have no doubt if the British had de-
sired to be killed, they would have marched up
within cannon shot of the fort and stood there and
permitted our man to shoot them down. But they
preferred to walk around the fort to enjoy the j
sport of the " Bladensburg races," as the battle 11
there has been styled. And they took the city I
those works which were intended to protect our without bloodshed. And what was done here may :
large cities. I made the remark, as a concession j be done in every other fort in the United States.
to the sentiment then so prevalent, that such
works might be beneficial, and not from any con-
victions of their utility upon my own mind. And
I am now prepared to pursue that policy for this
year, if that be the desire of the House.
We have expended more than $20,000,000 on
these works; and now, I ask, is any man able to
point us to any benefit which they have conferred
upon any human being, except those employed in
their erection ? Has any farmer, mechanic, or
merchant derived one cent's advantage from this
vast expenditure ? Sir, the money is gone—lost,
thrown away. The money expended for your har-
bors and your light-houses aids the merchant,
facilitates his business, protects his property. It
assists the farmer in exporting his produce, and
brings to him and all classes of the community
their imports at a cheaper rate. Every profession,
calling, and occupation receive the benefits. The
expenditure brings home to the people more than
compound interest upon every dollar invested. I
therefore give my support to thoae improvements.
41
An army may land and avoid the forts near Bos- J
ton, and march into that city in the same manner.
So of New York, and of all our other cities. This
fort here was of no possible use when the time of
trial came, neither will the forts erected to protect !
New York prove of use when a sufficient army
shall deem their capture of sufficient importance
to send an army there. Should such an event
ever occur, we must depend on men, not on forts.
We must meet them in the field, for they will not :
march up within range of your fortifications as
targets to be shot at. We must protect our cities
when necessary, as General Jackson protected
New Orleans—we must meet the enemy wherever ,1
he presents himself.
But, sir, I must confess my astonishment at .
hearing the honorable chairman of the Committee ]
of Ways and Means speak of "bombarding
cities," and of " laying them in ashes," as one of
the consequences of civilized war. No such bar-
barous doctrine has been held by any civilized j]
Government for the last century. I'
!| Mr. HOUSTON said that the village in which
I he resided was cannonaded during the late war with
] England.
| Mr. GIDDINGS. Was it not protected by a
i fort or occupied by troops ?
Mr. HOUSTON. There was a fortification,
j and some troops were there.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Exactly so. They doubt-
less cannonaded the fort and fired upon the troops.
,■ That was legitimate warfare. If you fortify a
town, it thereby becomes liable to bombardment,
to destruction. If you would authorize an enemy
to cannonade or to burn your cities, surround
them with walls and mount cannon thereon, and,
by the laws of civilized warfare, the enemy will
be authorized to destroy them.
A Voice. New London was burned in the
Revolution.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Yes; Arnold burned his
j i native city, and history has recorded the act as
j infamous, and his name goes down to posterity as
,, a traitor to liis God, his country, and to human-
jj ity. But, sir, the history of the Revolution shows
i that previous to that war this savage mode of
burning cities, of bombarding them, had been
; abandoned by civilized Europe. Why, sir, the
British had possession of Boston; but did they
burn it? They long held possession of New
York; but did they destroy it? Why, sir, such
an act would at that day have called forth the in-
dignation of the civilized world.
But, sir, let me go further. In the late war, the
British had full possession of this city; did they
burn it? Why, sir, we are at this moment sur-
rounded by irrefutable proof that this doctrine of
burning cities has long since been abandoned by
European nations.
A Voice. Bonaparte burned Moscow.
Mr. GIDDINGS. No; the Russians fired the
city with their own hands, in order to prevent the
French troops from finding quarters there; and
Bonaparte did what he could to extinguish the
flames, but he failed, and his army was destroyed
in consequence of it.
It is therefore erroneous to argue in favor of
this fortification system, by exciting fears that our
great cities would be liable to bombardment and
destruction in case of war.
Mr. HOUSTON. General Scott bombarded
Vera Cruz, and laid other Mexican cities under
contribution.
Mr. GIDDINGS. General Scott bombarded
Vera Cruz because it was a fortified city, and
thereby the legitimate object of destruction by the
established laws of war. As for his laying- the
city of Mexico under contribution, he did it under
directions from the War Department. It was in
violation of all those humane principles which con-
trol civilized nations in time of war. The rule is
to hold private property sacred; and the idea of
extorting from the laborers of the city of Mexico
their hard earnings, to compensate this Govern-
ment for sending troops there to butcher their
army, was itself a barbarous act, a'gigantic wrong,
perpetrated in violation of the laws of war, as they
are now understood by Christian nations. I deny
that any of those lawless acts perpetrated in that
unprovoked and barbarous war, constitute any
evidence as to the laws of civilized warfare. But
if gentleman urge the necessity of fortifications to .
prevent our own armies from committing depredations
upon other nations, I would propose a much cheaper
mode of effecting that object, by disbanding them
at once.
But the honorable chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, who opened this debate, says
these fortifications are necessary to " protect our
Navy in time of war;" and when he brings for-
ward his naval bill, granting some ten millions of
dollars to support that branch of the national de-
fence, we shall be told that the Navy is necessary
to protect our fortifications.
Mr. Chairman, I wish it understood that our
plans of reform do not stop with the abandon-
ment of this miserable system of throwing away
money in erecting useless forts. No, sir, we hope
not only to save the expense of protecting the
