1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
643
They had fine fortifications there, but General
Scott did not take the direct road—and wft&t was
the result? You have Fort Washington, and there
is a fort at Baltimore. But did Baltimore depend
on it for defence? No, sir, it was upon the strong
arms and stout hearts of the freemen of Baltimore
that she depended for her defence. It would be i
impossible to have fortifications along the whole t;
of our boundless coast on the Pacific and on the 1
Atlantic. We have a few points which are suffi-
ciently defended. There are four or five forts in
Boston harbor and there are four or five at New
York, already completed ;and therearefortifications
in the Mississippi river above New Orleans, but
in 1815 they were of less use in resisting the
British than the fortifications erected by General
Jackson out of the productions of the country—the
cotton bags.
One of the most memorable instances of modern
times of the value of fortifications, occurred in
France. Louis Philippe, when he had conclu-
ded his family alliances, remembering that the
Duke of Wellington and the Russians had once
got into Paris, determined to keep them out by
building a wall all round it. He did so, but a
disturbance broke out inside of his fortifications—
a difficulty his engineers had not estimated for.
In conclusion, Mr. Chairman, I oppose this bill
on the ground that we have not proper estimates
on which we can base our appropriations. We '
have nothing to rely on but the estimates of the
engineers who are to have the expenditure of this
money, and that is not sufficient to justify us in
▼oting away the public money.
Mr. SACKETT said: I am opposed to the
passage of this bill, as I was to the passage of a
similar bill last year; and more than that, I fully
concur in the remarks which the gentleman from j
Georgia has made in reference to the mode in '
which the estimates on which the proposed ap-
propriations are based, are obtained. I do not
believe in the necessity that this Government ,,
should construct such works. I do not think that
the very men on whom, or in connection with
whose interests, the money will be expended, are
the men on whom we ought to rely for our esti-
mates as to what appropriations are required for
those things. Such a system seems to me to be
a. monstrous absurdity, and I call the attention of
the committee to it. Let us l ok at this matter as
it is. What do you propose to do? Why you
propose to fortify a coast of twelve thousand miles
in extent, by constructing some thirty forts. To
present such a proposition seems to me an utter
absurdity. This would be placing a fort at inter-
vals of every four hundred miles on the coast. It
has been said that for other reasons than the imme-
diate defence of the coast these forts were re-
quired—that they were needed for the defence and
protection of the commerce of the country.
Now about two thirds of our commerce, it is
well known, is inland—on the great lakes and riv-
ers of the country. And yet, when we have ex-
pended about $30,000,000 for the protection and
maintenance of the commerce of our country, we
are told that we must go on with this current ex-
penditure, when we have an inland commerce
amounting to $250,000,000, and a population of
twelve millions interested in it, for whom none of
this expenditure has been thought necessary. I
call the attention of those in this House who are
in favor of the improvement of the great western
rivers, and of protecting the commerce of the
twelve millions of people interested in that com-
merce, to this subject. We have expended, as I
have said, $20,000,000 in this way, and yet the
experience of seventy years has shown that we
have not derived one cent of advantage from it.
All this has been expended, and still, year after
year, are we called on to appropriate large sums
of money -to finish these fortifications. No good,
no really beneficial result has been seen to flow
from this vast expenditure; and yet we must still
go on.
Gentlemen objected, the other day, to the river
and harbor bill, that it was of a local and partial
character—that its benefits were to be sectional.
But this bill appears to me to be even more sec-
tional in its character. Of the $14,000,000 that
have been expended for these works, at least
$9,000,000 have been expended in what is com-
monly denominated the South—in the. southern
States, and as the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means has indicated, a little over ,
$6,000,000 is still required to complete these works;
and of this sum he says that it is contemplated to
expend $4,715,000 in the South. Thus much
in answer to the argument that the river and har-
bor bill is of a local character.
Now, how is the fact, as respects population
and commerce ? Why, we see that in the State
of Florida alone, $125,000 are proposed to be
expended—a locality where there is neither popu-
lation, commerce, nor works of importance to de-
fend.
I did not rise to detain the committee by any
lengthened remarks, but I merely desired to ex-
fresa my opposition to the bill on the ground that
do not consider that the exigencies of the coun-
try require this expenditure.
Mr. BOWIE said: I regret that I am so little
acquainted with the military defences of the coun-
try; but I should be recreant to my duty did 1 not
rise in support of a system so important to my
State, and to the nation, when I believe it in peril.
If I correctly interpret the opinions of the gentle-
men who have addressed the committee in opposi-
tion to the bill, they are willing to abandon the
fortification of the sea-board, without the slightest
preliminary inquiry, whether the interests of the
county would suffer by such a departure from its
established legislation. This would certainly be
most precipitate. The committee must know the
present system of fortification is not a creation of
yesterday, which may be pursued or abandoned
at pleasure, without cost or consequences.
The system was adopted thirty years since, af-
ter mature investigation and deliberation, when the
country had had recent experience of the danger
and desolation proceeding faom undefended coasts,
upon the advice and reconnoissance of the most ex-
perienced engineers, not of this country only, but
the most eminent of Napoleon's engineers, Gen-
eral Bernard. Twenty-odd millions nave been ex-
pended in carrying out the plans and designs of
the system, and appropriations made by every
consecutive Congress in the interim, whatever
party was in the ascendant. The great American
motto is, " Millions for defence, not a cent for
tribute." How can we preserve the proud posi-
tion which this sentiment implies, if we invite in-
vasion, by the neglect of ordinary precautions for
self protection?
Some gentlemen contend, that fortifications are
behind the spirit of the age—that modern improve-
ments in the art of war render them useless. I
do not so understand the testimony or experience
of recent military campaigns. The improvements
in naval warfare by the use of steam, render these
defences more essential to a country, unprovided
with fleets of war steamers. The extended coasts
of our country are more exposed than ever to the
power of those nations who are rivals for the em-
pire of the seas. The distance between ourselves
and the great European powers, has been reduced
two thirds. And in the same ratio, are our great
commercial emporiums more exposed to their
swift-wmged fleets.
We have not steam vessels of war sufficient to
watch our own ports, much less to meet them on
the seas.
We must look forward to the time when our
wealth and prosperity will excite their hostility,
if not their cupidity. The principles of the Peace
Society are not likely soon to proselyte the world.
Until then, our best security is in the strength of
our bulwarks by sea and land.
The gentleman from Ohio objects that it is con-
trary to the rules of civilized warfare to raise con-
tributions from undefended cities. I believe our
commanders during the Mexican war raised large
sums from the -cities of the enemy, whether de-
fended or not; and I have never heard they were
rebuked for violating the law of nations. I trust,
then, Mr. Chairman, that the well-matured policy
of the country will not be abandoned through mo-
tives of mistaken economy. Let proper inquiries
be instituted through committees of the House, to
ascertain how far the appropriations may be cur-
tailed, but do not hazard the loss of millions
through an over-zealous desire to save hundreds.
Other gentlemen have insinuated that these ap-
propriations are not to be made, because they pro-
ceed from officers interested in their application.
It is a maxim of common law and common sense,
" that every one is to be trusted in his own art."
To whom can we so properly refer for reliable in-
formation as the officers of the Topographical and
Engineer departments? What portion of the
Army is more distinguished for science, truth, and
all that can adorn a soldier? What corps ren-
dered more brilliant or valuable service in our late
glorious war ? How are they interested in the re-
sult, except in common with every citizen of the
country ? They are salaried officers, receiving the
same compensation whether in the field or bureaus,
or superintending the construction of fortifications.
I am no advocate of extravagant expenditure of
public money, but I trust the matured policy of
the country will not be sacrificed to the abrupt
and sudden suggestions of political economy with-
out investigation and almost without debate.
Mr. HOUSTON said: I took occasion, Mr.
Chairman, at the last session of Congress, to ex-
press very briefly the views which I entertained in
regard to the policy of the measure involved in the
bill now under consideration. It was my fortune
at that time to succeed my honorable friend from
Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] and it was further my
misfortune, on that occasion, to be constrained to
differ with him in the views which he then pre-
sented, and which he has again presented this
morning, on this subject. I have great respect
for the opinions of the honorable gentleman on
great public measures. And I must say, that
whilst I am constrained to dissent from many of
the opinions which I have heard him express on
this and other important measures, at this session
of Congress, that I have a high respect for that
spirit of economy by which he seems to be act-
uated. But I think my honorable friend is a
little hasty and impetuous in the conclusions to
which he has arrived in regard to this system of
fortifications upon our sea-board upon the lakes,
and upon the Gulf of Mexico. Perhaps it may
be presumptuous in me to venture to express my
dissent from the views of the honorable gentle-
man, inasmuch as I believe he has had some mil-
itary experience in the course of his life. If I
remember rightly, he served in one of our Indian
wars, and may, therefore, have had his attention
more immediately directed to military affairs than
I have ever had mine.
But, Mr. Chairman, is this system of defences
an unnecessary one ? That it should be kept with-
in reasonable limits—that in the present exigen-
cies of the Government and of our public finances
it is imperatively necessary that such should be
the case, I am ready to admit. But what is the
aggregate amount proposed to be appropriated in
this bill ? Why, sir, the amount proposed to be
appropriated for all your fortifications along the
Atlantic sea-board, the lakes, and the Gulf of Mex-
ico, and all other points, is only about $650,000.
Sir, it is but a mere bagatelle. Honorablegentlemen
who now exhibit so much impatient zeal to arrest
this current of expenditure, to stop this leak in
the Treasury, in my opinion—to adopt the hum-
ble but familiar metaphor—are holding on to the
spigot and letting go the bung-hole 1 [Great
laughter.] If I am at all unfortunate in the quo-
tation of this maxim, it is because it is not very
classical perhaps. But, Mr. Chairman, t would
like my honorable friend from Georgia [Mr.
Toombs] to point me to a nation (I will say in
order to give him some limitation) within the con-
fines of Christendom, that has concluded to aban-
don this system.
Mr. TOOMBS here made a remark in alow tone
of voice that was inaudible to the Reporter.
Mr. HOUSTON. It may be so, but liberty re-
quires defences as well as monarchies; and I have
always been taught to believe that it requires
more—for it has long since passed into a proverb,
that " the price of liberty is eternal vigilance." It
is certain, as my honorable friend before me [Mr.
John A. King] has suggested, that it requires
cannon balls for its defence and security. It has
never been achieved without them, and it must
ever be sustained by them, when assailed by for-
eign enemies; and no form of government can en-
tirely dispense with them. But I repeat, sir, that
I should like the gentleman from Georgia to point
to a single instance among the civilized nations of
the world, in which this system has been aban-
doned as an obsolete and antiquated idea. He has
seen proper to advert to certain views lately given
to the world by a distinguished military chieftain
of England, in regard to the defences of that
island. I allude to the Duke of Wellington. It
may be, that in the judgment of my honorable
friend and of other very competent military critics,
