1851*
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
64#
request of my honorable friend from Maryland,
[Mr. McLaxe,] yield the floor to him, as 1 have
nothing further which I now desire to say.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, moved that the
committee rise, that the debate might be closed. j j
Mr. BOWLIN disputed the right of the gentle-
man from Maryland to the floor. I
Mr. HOUSTON said he had yielded the floor to j
the gentleman from Maryland. j |
The CHAIRMAN (Mr. Greek) said that the ij
gentleman from Delaware certainly had a right to
yield the floor to the gentleman from Maryland.
Mr. JONES said that the gentleman could only
yield the floor for an explanation.
Mr. HOUSTON said that if he had not the
right to yield the floor, he would himself make the
motion that the committee rise, as it was the wish
of gentlemen upon both sides of the House, and
or yielded the floor, gave way to the gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. McLakb] to make a motion
that the committee rise: the Chair decides that he
had a right so to do, and from that decision an ap-
peal is token.
The question was then taken on the appeal,
" Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the committee?" and it was decided
in Uie affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
I The question was then taken on the motion that
the committee rise, and it warf agreed to.
I So the committee rose, and the Speaker haying
resumed the chair, the chairman of tlie committee
reported progress.
Mr. BAYLY offered the usual resolution to
close debate in Committee of the Whole on the
fortification bill in half an hour, and called for the
ment of the bill that the debate should
nated.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, rose to a nomt
of order. Did he understand the Chair to have
decided that the gentleman from Delaware had j
not a right to yield the floor during the progress ,
of his remarks, for a motion that the committee
rise?
The CHAIRMAN said that he had decided
that the gentleman from Delaware had a right to
do it. . ;
Mr. HOUSTON said that he -would then yield 1
the floor to the gentleman from Maryland, to
make that motion.
Mr. JONES raised the point of order, that the t<
gentleman from Delaware could not, under the ;
rules and practice of the House, yield the floor
even for an explanation, without the unanimous
22d of February, and he therefore moved that the
House adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The previous question received a second, and the
main question was ordered; which main question
was first on agreeing to the resolution to close de-
bate.
The resolution was adopted.
On motion by Mr. BAYLY, the rules were sus- i
pended, and the House again resolved itself into 1
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Greew in the chair.)
Mr. BOWLIN obtained the floor, and said: I
am opposed to this bill, Mr. Chairman, in toto,
and I wish to avail myself of this opportunity of
declaring my sentiments and views in relation to
consent; and that the gentleman from Maryland < it; and if in doing so,1 should*£
fMr. McLajte] having had the floor on this sub- verse some of the speeches of our friends on this
ject, was not entitled to it again. ! side of the House, who were reading people out
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, said that the ' of the Democratic party a few days ago, I hope
— ' they will pardon me. I will remark, before pro-
■ ceeding to a general view of the bill, that the'gen-
i tleman from Delaware [Mr. Houston] seems to
; think that this system being old ought to be kept
up; that all those who are opposed to the bill are
perfect radicals, and he likens them to a certain
Captain Bobadill, who was the founder of this
new system. I am not a military man. I never
held a military commission in my life; though I
was once,in my boyhood, elected captain of a mili-
tia company, but the county court could not grant
the recommendation for the commission under the
Virginia restriction rule of executive appointments.
But I undertake to say, that the improvements of
gentleman from Tennessee was certainly mis-
taken.
The CHAIRMAN stated that it had been the
invariable practice of the House for one member
to yield the floor to another for a motion to rise.
It was not, of courae, for the Chair to inquire
what was the object in moving that the committee
rise.
Mr. JONES appealed from the decision of the
Chair. He said that it had been the uniform
practice of the House, and consequently of the
committee, that a gentleman occupying the floor
could not yield it to another, except for explana-
tion. The gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Mc-
lTneI itaviifghadthe floor. it coufd not be yielded ' military science do not belong to Captain Boba-
to him for any purpose but explanation. When , dill, but to Frederick the Great and Napoleon,
it was yielded to him, or when ne rose to address , And, sir, when Napoleon set forth hts ^rand^sys-
the Chair, the Chair could not know what his ob- ;
ject was in obtaining the floor, and consequently
could not assign it to him. The Chair could not;
know whether the gentleman from Maryland rose
to make a motion or to speak, and he not being
entitled to the floor, the gentleman from Delaware
could not yield it to him, except for explanation.
Mr. McLANE begged to submit to the Chair ,
and to the committee, that the uniform practice—-—
Mr. CARTTER (interposing) raised the point
of order, that the appeal was not debatable.
The CHAIRMAN decided that the appeal was
debatable.
Mr. McLANE suggested that it was the uni-
form practice of the House for a gentleman to
give way for a motion that the committee rise, and
the gentleman thus yielding was entitled to the
floor when the House again went into commit-
tee.
After a remark or two from Mr. Bowlin in op-
position to the right of the gentleman from Mary-
land to make the motion—
Mr. STRONG moved, in order to save time, to
lay the appeal upon the table.
Mr. SWEETSER called for tellers, and they
were not ordered, and the committee was proceed-
ing to divide, when
Mr. JONES raised the point of order, that the
motion to lay the appeal on the table was not in
order, as there was no table in Committee of the ,
Wholeon the state of the Union.
Mr. STRONG withdrew his motion to lay the
appeal upon the table.
The CHAIRMAN stated the question before
the committee. The gentleman from Delaware,
[Mr. Hou tou,]not having completed hit remarks,
might have been .of some Use to check its progress
and drive it back. But when the magnificent
steamer, running at the rate of twenty-five or
thirty miles an hour, comes past them, they are as
useless as a blast of wind to check its progress.
Sir, the defence of this country is to be found in
the military reputation of her people. It is to be
found in the fact that we have no competing nation
on this continent of America, and that the nation
which seeks to invade us has to come from such
a distance that she can never make any progress,
whether we .have fortifications or not. I look
upon this whole system of fortifications as utterly
useless. The age has past, it has gone by, when
these fortifications were necessary—as much gone
by, in my humble opinion, as in the days of Na-
poleon, tne age of pgsts and magazines had gone
by. The time has arrived for us to quit them, and
we were never in a better situation to quit them.
Let us then quit them.
Why gentlemen upon this floor talk as if we
were a nation of cowards, and could be conquered
by every petty power that thought proper to tres-
pass upon our rights. Is that the character of the
American people ? Is that the character of Ameri-
can freemen, every one of whom is a hero in the
defenceof his country? From the arguments which
we hear upon this floor, one might infer that we
were as weak as the Republic of San Marino, and
that our people were as cowardly as theirs are.
You must have fortifications to keep off an ene-
my ! I undertake to say that there is not a nation
on the face of the globe that will ever dare to in-
vade our soil. Not one. I do not believe that
there is a nation under the broad heavens that
would have the temerity to dare to put, or attempt
to put their foot-prints upon our soil. Whatever
wars we may have hereafter will be wars in which
we shall be the invading power, or wars upon the
high seas.
Why, sir, by the use of our railroads we can
throw a million of men into any quarter of the
United States, on the shortest possible notice. It
would be madness to attempt to invade us. A
combination of all Europe could not touch us.
These things have been useful, but the age for them
has gone past. The improvements of the age have
rendered them utterly worthless. It is time that
this vigorous young nation should throw aside
these old antiquated notions, of fortifying our coun-
try by towers along the ocean steeps, and should
depend upon the hone and sinew and muscle of
freemen to defend our rights; and I undertake to
say that they will always be secure.
But, sir, it is idle to attempt to fortify the Ameri-
can coast. It is utterly useless. I cannot calcu-
late the thousands of forts that would be necessary.
The whole revenues of the country would not
fortify it. And does one portion of the country
deserve fortifications more than another?
We are told that our cities will be laid under
contribution. Why, sir, if we have any cities on
the Atlantic coast that cannot repel any force that
can be thrown upon then, they deserve to be put
under contribution. Sir, these fortifications are
useless. They are too expensive, and now is
surely the time to put a stop to them.
But, Mr. Chairman, thfere is another matter In
regard to this bill. I am shocked, I am perfectly
astonished to see gentlemen on this side of the
House supporting it. Why, sir, do you know
that this is "a log-rolling bill?" _ [Laughter.]
Do you know that some fifteen or sixteen States
are interested in the passage of this bill ? Do you
know that this bill is to be passed by a combina-
tion of States and by the expenditure of money ?
We were told the other day that a certain bill, be-
tem of abandoning posts and abandoning maga-
zines, and moved with a celerity that astonished
the civilized world, conquering victory after vic-
tory, we heard the old song sung then, as now,
that he was violating all the antiquated rules of
military science. That was the origin of the
wonderful revolution in military service. Why,
sir, this plan of building up fortifications upon
our coast is a cowardly one. It has an example
only in the petty chieftains that inhabited the
banks of the Rhine in the fourteenth century.
The power of this country is not in her military
Eosts, but in the strength, vigor, and bravery of
er free sons. She wants " no towers along her
steeps." She requires none. Although at one
period of the world's history, these fortifications
may have been useful—as I do not pretend to
doubt they wer —yet, in these days of science
and improvements; in this nineteenth century, c  cic miu mo « —  --
when we are sending the news along the lightning cause it would benefit a portion of the people, was
rapidity of the lightning itself, ana a most abhorrent thing. And, sir, I rose as much
line with the rapidity of the lightning
sweeping over the earth by the power of steam;
when all these improvements have been brought
to bear in the world, of what use is it under Hea-
ven to keep on building up those dark and frown-
ing towers upon our coast ? I will tell you what
they are built for, they are built for the purpose
of appropriating money. They have just about
the same utility as, and are a part of, the system
of policy that erected the pyramids of Egypt, to
give employment to labor in particular sections of
the country. I am against the whole of them.
Why, sir, the improvement in science and in
steam navigation have set them all at naught.
When you had a sail-rigged vessel borne along by
die reluctant winds past these fortifications, they
to inquire after and hunt up the Democratic party
as I (fid to oppose this bill—both most worthy and
patriotic objects. [Laughter.1 We have seen
the Democratic party read out "by sections. The
other day my friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Strong,] thinking a little duty ought to be added
on iron and coal, started a project for that purpose,
and instantly he and his Democratic friends who
voted with him were weighed in the balance and
found wanting. [Laughter.] The next section
went out on the river and harbor bill. Another
section went out on the steamboats, [laughter,]
and now the last remnant is to go out on this bill.
Mr. JONES. Not quite.
Mr. BOWLIN. Wear* a little ih the «itua-
