1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
049
Mr. MARSHALL. I will refer you to the es-
timates furnished by the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Wavs aad Means for my answer.
Mr. BAYLY. The gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Marshall] is right, according to the esti-
mates we have received from the Department. It
is stated that $155,111 has been expended, and
that $295,000 will be necessary to complete it.
Mr. BUEL. I still assert, that there is a mis-
take, a very threat mistake in relation to this mat-
ter; but with this estimate in the hands of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
fresh from the Engineer bureau, it camiot be rec-
tified at this moment. It will be found in the end,
that the estimate is erroneous. I have often visited
this fort, and it is well understood at Detroit, that
it ia substantially finished; and so I understood it,
from my personal interviews at the last session,
with some of those connected with the Engineer
bureau.
Mr. BAYLY. I see, now, a note of explana-
tion appended to that item, that this $15,000 was
required to complete the construction of perma-
nent fire-proof barracks and store-houses in place
of those consumed.
Mr. BUEL. 1 am confirmed in what I have
before said, by referring to the report of the Secre-
tary of War, of last year, in which the fort is men-
tioned as " being finished." I have it before me,
and will read from it. Mr. B. read as follows:
u Fort Wayne, and barracks and quarters thereat, De-
troit, —The fort being finished, the money ex-
pended duriiig the year has been applied exclusively to the
barracks, quarters, and hospital, with the exception of a
small amount necessary to preserve the slopes of earth.
u The exterior of the barraeks tor five companies is nearly
completed, with some of the interior finish: two seta of
quarters are finished, a third is roofed in, and the founda-
tions of three sets and of a hospital have been laid.
Balance in the Treasury. September 30,1849....$6,488 43
Probable amount to be expended by June 30, 1850. 6,4S6 43
Estimate of amount required to be appropriated
for the fiscal year ending June 30,1851 15,000 00
Thus it appears that the fort was, in 1849, con-
sidered as finished, and the $15,000 appropriated
last year was to complete the barracks and quar-
ters. That estimate was made before the burning
of the officers' quarters, which occurred about the
close of the year 1849, and consequently another
appropriation will be necessary to repair the
loss and complete the barracks and other neces-
sary buildings. I am further supported by a ref-
erence to the report of the Secretary of War, sub-
mitted at the commencement of this session.
Here also the fort is alluded to as completed. The
report states that " this fort has been completed
for some time, and is in a condition of strength
and efficiency." Further, after alluding to the
burning of the quarters, it states:
" Tbe fort itself requires no additional expenditures, ex-
cept a very small amount fi'r preservation.
" With the available and estimated means it is intended
to complete the barracks, the quarters and hospital, the
more-house, bakery, guardhouse, tic.: all to be-plain and
substantial buildings, permanent and fire proof.
Balance in the Treasury on the 30th September,
1850 $15,000 00
Probable amount to be expended 30th June, 1831, 15,000 00
Estimate of amount required to be appropriated
for fiscal year ending 30th June, 1853 15,000 00
Here, then, seems to be a full explanation of the
state of the case; and yet I am met by this written
document in the hands of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, showing it to be
estimated that it will require $295,000 to complete
the fort. This, I perceive, throws, and very nat-
urally, I must confess, some suspicion, not only
over the item for Fort Wayne, but the whole bill;
for the document referred to, from the Engineer
bureau, contains similar estimates of amounts for
completing the various fortifications of the coun-
try, and it may be a like error pervades the whole.
If the item for Fort Wayne be stricken out, it
will indicate the disposition of a majority to defeat
this bill.*
The question now being on the amendment of
Mr. Marshall,
* Wote.—These proceedings being published after tbe loss
of the fortification bill, Mr. Bhbl deems it proper to insert
this note to his remarks, and state that the written estimate
sent to the Committee oif Ways and Means from the Engi-
neer bureau, as to the amounts to be required to finish tlie
various fortifications, proves to be erroneous. He is in
formed by one of the principal officers connected with that
bureau, that it is not a late estimate, bat an old one made
many years ago. It is believed to have been made about I
ten years since, which was before the work upon some of
the forts was even commenced. Could this information
have been brought to the attention of the Committee of the
Whole in season, tbe Mil would probably have been tared. I
!! Mr. SACKETT demanded tellers, but with-
i drew the demand.
! The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was rejected. :
Mr. TUCK moved to strike out all of the bill j
after the enacting clause, and insert the following j
as a substitute: |
I " That a sum not exceeding $100,009be appropriated, out ;
I of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, !
j to be expended under tbe direction of the Secretary of War,
for tbe protection and preservation of the lbrtifications of
the country for the year ending 30th June, 1852."
Mr. TUCK said: In offering a substitute for
this bill I pretend to no military experience or
skill. I do pretend, however, to say,that in my be-
lief, this fortification bill, which proposes to expend
nearly $700,000 for the erection, mainly, of new :
forts and barracks, along the Atlantic coast, the j
lakes and our western frontier, is not demanded
by the people of the country, and could not receive ,
the sanction of the people of any one Congression-
al district in the United States. The expenditure 1
is neither demanded by the people of the East or .
West, North or South, and I oppose it. It is
, equally impracticable and unnecessary to defend
our frontier by forts and military defences. Es-
tablish forts wheresoever you please, and, in case
of attempted invasion, the enemy will do as Gen-
i eral Scott did in his approach to the city of Mex-
i ico—they will take another road, not doing us the
favor to come within ranee of our batteries. This
thing has been successfully explained by the gen-
tleman from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] and I fully
approve of what he has said. Where is our
western frontier ? It is in one place to-day, and
somewhere else to-morrow. Begin your forts on
the actual frontiers, and before you nave finished
them, lo! our pioneers are beyond, and your
costly defences are one or two hundred miles be-
< hind emigration, and totally useless.
It is-true, that the coasts of the ocean, and of the
lakes, are permanent; but we need no appropria-
■ tions for new defences there. No enemy threatens
I us, and if they did, it would be utterly impossible
to protect the country by stationary fortifications.
How can we build and man forts enough to pro-
tect three thousand miles of sea-shore ? The idea
is preposterous. So far as this bill provides for
the preservation of works, already existing, I
; make no objection to it, and my substitute is
I framed with the design of providing adequate
I) means for this object. But beyond this, I do not
i' go-
Some one has cited the ancient maxim, once re-
peated in the writings of Washington, " In time
of peace, prepare for war." I do not believe this
maxim, as commonly understood, to be applicable
to the present age and condition of this country.
I believe we shall have greater security against
violence from other nations, by occupying the time
of peace in cultivating the arts of peace, than we
shall have by erecting fortifications and spending
our wealth in enlarging our military defences.
Foster navigation and commerce—facilitate com-
munication and intercourse—cultivate fraternal re-
lations with foreign powers—labor to spread over
the world the benign influences of Christianity,
i and we shall do more to defend the nation against
foreign and domestic violence, than we can ever
do by erecting batteries and multiplying arsenals.
I deny the truth of any maxim that declares it to
be the appropriate business of a nation, when at
peace, to prepare to go to war. Such a sentiment
is only worthy of a barbarous age of the world,
. and cannot be sanctified by the greatest names in
history—not even by that of Washington.
Mr. BAYLY. I am not surprised at the man-
I ner in which the gentleman from New Hampshire
i [Mr. Tuck] speaks of the maxim of the-Father of
his Country, " that in time of peace we should pre-
; pare for war." I am not surprised that he selects
it as being the relic of a barbarous age. I am not
even surprised that he selects Washington's birth-
day even as a fitting one on which to make such
a statement, because I believe there are none of the
sentiments of the Father of his Country, to which
the gentleman from New Hampshire responds.
Besides the maxim which he has spoken of as
a relic of a barbarous age, there is another that
he equally tramples under foot, and that is the ad-
vice which the Father of his Country gave to his
countrymen to indignantly frown upon all those
| who would get up sectional issue* in this coun- j
I try. j
Mr. GORMAN moved to strike out the follow-
ing item:
For fortifications at the outlet of Lake Champlain,
$15,000.
Mr. G-. said: Mr. Chairman, I hold in my hand
the fortification bill that passed this House last
year, and I find $15,000 appropriated for this work.
Has that been expended, or does it take $15,000
to keep it in repair? If it does, it is time this ex-
travagance should be stopped. Or, is there to be
no end to this feeding and fattening a corps of en-
gineers? In looking back into the appropriations
for most of these works, I find that about the same
amount is asked for each year. Sometimes it is
asked for the purpose of building wharfs—erecting
exterior batteries—making pretty fences around
the parade ground, and grading the parade, and
building ana improving officers' quarters—bar-
racks—kitchen—sodding the ground—grassing
and ornamenting the grounds. Mr. Chairman,
some of these things may be necessary once in
five or ten years, but certainly prudent men will
not give them ten, twenty, thirty, and forty thou-
sand dollars annually for such purposes.
A few days since a river and harbor bill passed
this House. Among the items in that bill was
thousands of dollars for new surveys of harbors.
What was these surveys for ? Certainly with a
view of finding out some new harbor, at which we
are to be called on, after a short time, to appropri-
ate thousands of dollars to build fortifications that
serve no useful or national purpose whatever. It
seems, Mr. Chairman, that every device is resort-
ed to for the purpose of finding out some new
source for draining the National Treasury. In
looking into the items of expenditure we find that
a large part of the money is expended for such re-
pairs as are not, nor cannot be, of any present
utility. But it feeds a train of superintendents on
those works, whose pockets are handsomely stored
with per centage.
The whole system of fortifications beyond what
we now have ought to be abandoned. They are
of no utility since ocean-steamers have been intro-
duced. Our navy will soon be composed of
steamers, with but few exceptions, ana fortifica-
tions will be almost useless; at all events it will be
unnecessary to increase them. I shall remonstrate
agrinstthislavish and useless expenditure of money
at all times and under all circumstances. It seems
that the more the Government gives, the more
these engineers demand. And really it appears
that these barracks will never be completed until
Congress stops the appropriation. And I hope
j and believe it will be stopped now.
1 Mr. HOLMES was in favor of the general bill,
but against the proposition of the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Gorman.] If this was any reason
why he should rejoice in the prospect that this
bill was to pass, it was that he knew that if this
bill passed the river and harbor bill would be-
come a law. He thought there was a sort of
Siamese friendship between them, and gentlemen
, might rely upon it, that unless this bill passes, that
1 would never pass both branches of Congress. He
said the fortification bill came legitimately under
i the Constitution. No one doubted that. It was
j recommended by John C. Calhoun, who was one
i of the most strict constructionists among the
1 eminent men of the country.
1 We had been told by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Giddings,] that this fortification system was
' no longer to be encouraged. He thought that
gentleman had schemes of philanthropy enough,
but he did not think his imagination had carried
him so far as to believe the millennium had so far
come that the lion and lamb were to lie down to-
gether. He thought that gentleman indulged in a
false philosophy and a false philanthropy. The
fortifications were necessary for the protection of
the eountry, and he hoped they would be sup-
ported.
Mr. BAYLY moved to strike out $15,000 and
insert $20,000.
Mr. B. said: I desire to say, in reply to the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Gorman,] who says
that I would have performed, as chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, an acceptable
service if I had looked into the vouchers, as to the
mode in which this money has been expended, that
it so happens that the Committee of Ways and
Means have quite enough to do in attending to their
own business, without undertaking to perform the
uties of other committees. We have committees
