650
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 22,
upon all the expenditures in every Department
of the Government. In the place of appealing to
the chairman of a committee which is more bur-
dened than any other committee in Congress, why
does he not appeal to those who do not even meet,
and whose duty it is to make such investigations?
The gentleman says that a very large portion of
the appropriations for these fortifications is ex-
pended in ornamenting the grounds—in shubbery,
and all that. I beg leave to tell the gentleman that
there is a positive regulation prohibiting any such
expenditures. As to the appropriation at the outlet
of Lake Champlain, I beg leave to tell my friend
from Indiana [Mr. Gorman] that Rouse's Point,
the place at which this appropriation is to be ex-
pended, was considered during the negotiation of
the Ashburton treaty as a point of great import-
ance. The whole Democratic party were alive all
over the country, for fear that this point, which
was then declared to be an exceedingly military
post, should be surrendered. Yet now, although
we have that point under the control of the Gov-
ernment, and although we have commenced works I
of fortification there, the gentleman belonging to
that party—and a gentleman for whom I have the
greatest respect—comes forward and urges that
these works shall be discontinued.
Mr. H1LLIARD. Mr. Chairman, my first
impression was decidedly against this bill; but in
glancing over it, 1 find that the appropriations are
much more moderate than I supposed they would
be. Learning that these appropriations underwent
a rigid scrutiny in the committee, I shall vote for
the original bill; but I shall not vote for an increase
of appropriation, such as the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Bayly] moved in his amendment.
Mr. BAYLY. I will say to the gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Hilliard,] that in offering the
amendment, I had no desire that it should pass.
I only moved to strike out, that I might have an
opportunity for reply to the gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Gorman J
Mr. HILLIARD. I believe that there is a I
better time approaching. I firmly believe that the
present advance of civilization, the diffusion of
correct principles, and the improvements in the
arts, will bring forward, at no distant day, a period
when the nations will have to live in friendly in-
tercourse with each other. But, sir, I am not so
far an enthusiast as to believe that the time has
now come. For the honor and safety of my
country, I am ready to give the proper support in
maintaining the interests of the country. I would
not make the appropriations large, and I would
not increase the system of defence. To do that
would be like following the example of the late
King of the French, Louis Philippe, who, in a
time of profound peace, at a time when he had
the enviable title of a conservative, actually ex-
pended millions in building a wall about Pans. I
would not make a retrograde step. I would not
make any new forts, and I would vote but little in
Preserving the fortifications already established,
f any money is to be expended for purposes of
the defence of the country, I should prefer rather
to expend it upon the Navy, floating as it does
upon the waters of the world, protecting our com-
merce, and always ready to repel hostilities. This [
is my view of the fortification bill. I shall vote j
for it, because I believe these appropriations are |
necessary to sustain the works already begun. I
shall, in my course of action, give my support to 1
every measure of peace; and therefore will not
rote for any increase of appropriations to these
fortifications—not a single dollar.
Mr. BAYLY asked the unanimous consent of
the committee to withdraw his amendment; which
was granted. I
Mr. CARTTER moved to strike out $15,000
and insert $7,500.
Mr. C. said: I am very glad to see such a gen- ;
eral expression of patriotism as has been mani- :
fested on all sides, in the progress of this debate.
I have no doubt that it is the dawn of a better ;
day, as the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Hil-
liard] has just said. But it is quite singular in
what way this patriotism is manifested. The .
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. McLane,] who
1® always patriotic, always national in his senti- I
ments—never sectional in his feelings—has mani- i
fested himself particularly so in relation to this
bill, though it will be recollected that he has some '
$60,000 in prospect to be expended in and about ,
the city of Baltimore. It is quite right that this 1
extraordinary burst of patriotism should be mani-
fested upon this the birth day of the Father of hsi
Country.
But to be serious on the subject, it is a singular
feet, that almost without an exception, the gentle-
men who have a large amount of money to be ex-
pended in their districts, have become so patriotic
in favor of this bill. For one, I hope the bill will
not pass. I do not think we need have any fear
of a foreign invasion soon, and if we had, 1
think we might find some cheaper mode of defend-
ing our harbors and commerce than by these fort
ifications. I hope the bill will not become a law.
Mr. GENTRY. I do not propose to go into
the merits of the bill, in the short space of five
minutes which is allotted to me under the rule. 1
will not discuss here the merit or the folly of the
policy of the Government in relation to this sys-
tem. It is one which was commenced many years !
ago and has been regularly persevered in for a long
period of years, during which vast sums of money
nave been expended for the erection and mainte-
nance of these works, which were designed for the
Frotection of the common interests of the country.
think it is highly probable that it has its faults.
There is no system so perfect as not to be liable
to some mistakes. But it is a question worthy
the serious and grave consideration of the Con-
gress and Government of the United States, as to
whether it ought to be entirely abandoned or not. i
It seems to me that it would be wiser and more
statesman-like, to pass a resolution authorizing
and directing a company of scientific engineers to
ascertain what fortifications are necesaary to the
country in time of war; to ascertain what are use-
less, and fully report upon the subject, than to
abandon them in this summary manner. It seems
to me it would be acting the part of statesmen to
make this investigation, and then fully support the
system or abandon it, as may be thought best.
It seems to me that it would be very unwise to
abandon at once a system which has cost the Gov-
ernment such vast sums of money. I think it is
worthy the character of Congress. But if, after a
thorough investigation of the subject, it is consid-
ered best to abandon the system, well and good.
I am not prepared to say whether the system
should be abandoned or not. I think, however, 1
that those which protect our great commercial
cities, should remain. I think there should be one j
at the mouth of the Chesapeake bay, and at other
points in the country which command the approach
to large commercial cities. I believe the removal
of such fortifications would occasion injury to the
country.
Mr. STRONG moved that the committee rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question then being upon the amendment
of Mr. Cartter, it was taken and decided in the
negative.
Mr. TUCK moved to diminish the sum $5,000.
Mr. T. I have submitted this motion, so as to
enable myself to reply to some personal remarks
made by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Bayly.]
A few minutes since I proposed an amendment,
in the nature of a substitute for the bill now under
consideration, and in a speech of five minutes gave
all the reasons in favor of my proposition which
I could crowd into that brief period of time. I
took occasion, among other things, to say, that
the old maxim, "in time of peace prepare for
war"—a maxim on one occasion repeated by
Washington—had come down to us from a bar-
barous period of the world, and ought not to be
adopted without qualification, at the present time
The gentleman from Virginia replied to my re-
marks, not by answering any one of the arguments
I had presented, but by making a gross charge
against me, of repudiating all the sentiments of
Washington. He particularly mentioned that sen-
timent of the Father of his Country, which warned
the people against the danger of sectional agita-
tions.
Now, this method of answering an argument,
by resorting to personal attack, does not accord
with my notions of propriety, but if it agrees with
those of the gentleman, I make no complaint. It
is to be regretted, however, that he cannot divest
himself of the discipline of the plantation when he
rises here to contend with men in argument.
Let me say a few words to the gentleman in
regard to the responsibility, as between him and <t
myself, of attempting to raise sectional issues, and
foment dangerous agitations. At the last session
of Congress a member of this House from the
State of Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] made a speech
upon the sectional question of slavery, and, in a
moment of excitement, uttered an invocation to
the spirit of discord, praying that it might reign in
this Hall, and in the country, till the demands
of the South were complied with. At that time the
gentleman from Virginia sat in front of the Speak-
er's desk, cheering these sentiments, and clapping
his hands. At another time, during the same
session, a member from North Carolina [Mr.
Clingman] made a speech, which was understood
to be an argument in favor of disunion. This
speech the gentleman from Virginia expressly ap-
proved and sanctioned. Let him think of these
facts, and consider who it is that repudiates the
sentiments and disregards the counsels of Wash-
ington.
I know, t^at a few weeks after the incidents just
referred to, when a veteran editor of this city had
patted the gentleman on his cheek, and gently
whispered in his ear that the path of promotion
lay in another direction, " a change came o'er the
j spirit of his dream." When it was hinted to him
1 that the current was setting in another direction,
and that the same editor, through the columns of
his paper, could make great men, even out of
small material, the gentleman from Virginia sud-
denly changed his tone, and has since been loud
and fierce in his denunciations of sectional agita-
tors.
If his present anathemas do not touch himself, I
can tell him they do not touch me. I defy him,
or any other man, to show an act of mine wherein
I have been a sectional agitator. I tell him fur-
ther, that in the State which I, in part, represent,
there are no disunionists. If it serves his purposes,
however, to utter maledictions against people
whom he chooses to represent as agitators, and
enemies of the public peace, I have no objection
that he indulge his tastes, to the fullest extent.
His flourishes on this subject, neither affect me
nor my constituents.
Mr. THURMAN. I believe that I cannot be
charged with any desire to make a speech, nor do
! I feel myself particularly called upon to speak in
reference te the item which is proposed to be
| stricken out, because it provides that it shall be
J expended within my own district. I would not de-
fend an appropriation which is to be applied among
my constituents, any more than if it were to be
applied in any other portion of the country. But
here is an important work, which has been begun
very recently, and which, as has been remarked,
was considered a very important point when the
negotiations for this Ashburton treaty were pend-
ing. Now,-1 am in favor of appropriations for
fortifications generally. I believe it is more con-
sistent with the sound, policy of this Government
to take care of the vast amount of property which
we have expended upon these fortifications by a
small expenditure for their support than it is to al-
low them to go to decay. I have heard much said
: on this floor about Democracy, and gentlemen
have endeavored to define what it is. But, sir,
upon every occasion which has been presented, I
find the policy of the Democratic party has been
to bleed the patient until his vitality was nearly
' gone, and then just allow him to recover in order
to undergo the same operation again. This has
been their practice upon the Treasury of this coun-
try. This is precisely the policy which that party
are now carrying out. Now, sjr, I desire, if this
, fortification bill is perfected in this House, that
this item to which I have referred, should not be
stricken out, because 1 think it is as important as
any which are provided for in this bill. I am not
Earticularly anxious whether the bill becomes a
lw or not, but I desire that this appropriation
shall sink or swim with the bill itself.
Mr. McMULLEN said this day was the 22d of
February, and moved that the committee rise.
The committee refused to rise—ayes 60, noes 74.
The question then recurred upon Mr. Tuck •
amendment.
Mr. TUCK asked leave to withdraw his amend-
ment.
Mr. PARKER objected. ,
The question was then put on the amendment,
and it was rejected.
Mr. HOLMES moved that the committee ns«
and report the bill. , ,
Mr. McDONALD demanded tellers, and they
