654
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 21,
man; and more especially that he put no man on
the majority of the committee of leading mind and
talent. If there had been of that majority one
man of elevation, of high political character and
position—one who valued his own personal repu-
tation for justice and correctness above his party
allegiance, the investigation would not have lasted
a week—but there was none such.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator must be
aware that criticism upon the proceedings of the
House of Representatives is not in order.
Mr. EWING. I will endeavor not to violate
the rules of order.
In the beginning of the investigation, and during
its progress, letters were sent me by the committee
asking for information, which I gave in written
answers. In some of these I maintained positions
of law; in others I explained facts, showing very
clearly my action in each case, e^nd the reason on
which it was founded. When the report of the
committee was published, all save one of those
letters were suppressed; I know not, and I care
not by whom; it is enough for me that they were
suppressed, and do not anywhere appear in the
published document. Those letters are before me.
I will not take up the time of the Senate to read
them, but will hand them to the reporter, to be
published with my remarks. I do this, that any
one who shall hereafter read the report may have
access to the letters also; and I venture to say that
no one can read them without getting some new
light as to the character of the investigation and
the purpose and capacity of the majority of the
investigators. The suppression of the correspond-
ence might pass for a high effort of genius, who-
soever may be entitled to the merit of it. It no
doubt was supposed that it had concealed from the
public a large part of the evidence of the injustice
and folly of the proceeding. But secrets such as
this are hard to keep. It is fabled of Midas, that
when his ears were grown to a great length, and
in a shape not exactly human, he sought conceal-
ment, and threatened his barber with death if he
betrayed him. The poor fellow, to relieve him-
self and yet escape the danger, dug a hole in the
ground, and whispered the secret there; and a
clump of reeds grew up on the spot, and gave it
to the winds, which spread it wheresoever they
blew. In this there has been as little success.
Had the letters been published, they would have
appeared in about two hundred and fifty docu-
ments, confined principally to the shelves of the
Capitol libraries. Being suppressed, I am con-
strained to bring them forward here, and they
will pass into the hands of thousands.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is very unwill-
ing to interrupt the gentleman, but he cannot per-
mit the Senator to proceed in such a course of re-
mark.
Mr. EWING. Mr. President, I will not say
another word to which the Chair can object.
The Senator from Tennessee in his remarks the
other day, is reported to have said:
"I do not understand bow these gentlemen could be
agents for the nation. I understand they know how to per-
petrate as gross frauds as any people in the world. I was
told the other day that application was made to Congress
to pay a large amount which had been obtained by collu-
sion, and which had been once paid wrongfully. The agent
had obtained from the Indians a contract to receive some
seventy or eighty thousand dollars for establishing their
right to a certain amount, which bad never been contested.
Afterwards the chiefs of the nation made a protest against
its payment. The superintendent, Mr. Armstrong, came
and protested, and under that Administration it was not
paid. The nation ascertained what had been done, dis-
missed these chiefs and elected new ones, and they sent on
their protest against this payment. But under the present
or last Administration, if we may term it so, it was paid.
But application will be made to reftind it to the nation. T
obtained the history of this matter from an agent who is
acting in the prosecution of these claims."
I either did not hear the Senator or did not
remark what he said, and therefore did not then
reply to it. These remarks, however, referred to
the Chickasaw case, with which, as I have already
•aid, I had nothing to do, except to refer it and
abide by the final decision of the Attorney Gen-
eral upon it. But the gentleman who acted as
agent, [Mr. Gwin,] and who in his capacity of
agent is charged by the Senator from Tennessee
with fraud and collusion, happens to have a seat
on this floor and can answer for himself. It is
safe to leave that branch of the subject with him,
an^|I now call his attention to it.
The following are the letters submitted by Mr.
C.WINO as a part of his speech:
April 26,1850.
Sir : I have the honor to enclose to you, by order of the
select committee, a copy of the resolutions adopted by the
House of Representatives on the 22d instant.
I have also the honor to enclose a copy of the resolution
of the committee, this day adopted, by which I have been
directed to forward to you the resolutions of the House of
Representatives.
You will perceive that, by the resolution of the commit-
tee, you " have permission to attend the sittings of this com-
mittee."
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
servant, W. A. RICHARDSON.
Hon. Thomas Ewing,
Secretary of the Interior.
31st Congress—1st Session.
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES.
In the House of Representatives, April 22,1850.
On motion of Mr. Richardson,
Resolved, That a select committee of nine be appointed,
with power to send for persons and papers, to inquire and
report to this House whether Thomas Ewing, Secretary of
the Interior, reopened and paid to G. W. and W. G. Ewing
a claim against the United States of $77,000, after the same
had been adjudicated and rejected by the proper officer of
the Government, before said Ewing was inducted into said
office of the Interior; who were agents and attorneys for
said claim ; what clerk in the office of said Department of
the Interior had interest in said claim; and how said inter-
est, if any, was acquired.
2d. Whether said Ewing reopened and paid interest, to
the amount of $31,000, on the pension granted to Commo-
dore James Barron, for services rendered in the Virginia
navy during the revolutionary war, after the principal had
been fully paid and discharged; and, if said interest was
paid, was it simple or compound; who was the agent or
attorney for said claim; and the authority for such claim,
if any.
3d. Whether said Ewing reopened and paid a claim to a
person or persons, on behalf of the Chickasaw Indians, of
$108,000, after the same had been adjudicated and rejected
by the proper officer of the Government, before said Ewing
was inducted into the office of the Interior; who was the
agent or agents, attorney or attorneys, and who was the
party or parties in interest; and whether said agents, attor-
neys, or parties in interest held, at the time of such pay-
ment, any office under this Government, or now hold such
office, and, if so, what office.
4th. Whether said Ewing exercised the power of ap-
pointment in the Pension and General Land Office; wheth-
er the same was in violation of law; also, whether any
clerk of said Ewing's appointment reviews the opinions
and decisions of the Commissioner of Pensions, by order
and direction of said Ewing; and, if so, the authority for
such order and direction.
5th. Whether any person or persons in office, by appoint-
ment from said Ewing, are correspondents or editors of
jie wspapers; and what papers they edit or write for; and
what are their salaries.
Resolved, That the chairman of this committee commu-
nicate to tlie Hon. Thomas Ewing, Secretary of the Inte-
rior, a copy of the resolutions introduced into the House of
Represensatives on the 22d instant, by Hon. Mr. Richard-
son, and adopted by that body on the same day, and that
the said Secretary be requested to communicate to this
committee, with as little delay as possible, the copies of all
papers and records in his office, or under his control, touch-
ing the matters and things contained in said resolutions,
and that said Secretary have permission to attend the sit-
tings of this committee.
Department or the Interior,
Washington, May 6, 1850.
Sir : I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your
letter of the 26th ultimo, enclosing resolutions of the House
of Representatives, five in number, and also a resolution of
the committee of which you are chairman, directing me to
communicate to said committee, with as little delay as pos-
sible, copies of all papers and records in my office or under
my control touching the matters and things contained in
said resolutions of the House of Representatives.
As to the first resolution, which is in the following words:
" Resolved, That a select committee of nine be appointed,
with power to send for persons and papers, to inquire and
report to this House whether Thomas Ewing, Secretary of
the interior, reopened and paid to G. W. and W. G. Ewing
a claim against the United States of $77,000, after the same
had been adjudicated and rejected by the proper officers of
Government before the said Ewing was inducted into said
office of the interior; who were agents and attorneys for
said claim ; what clerk in the office of said Department of
the Interior had interest in said claim; and how said in-
terest, if any, was acquired"—
I beg leave to suggest that there has been no claim of G.
W. and W. G. Ewing against the United States of $77,000,
or any other sum, presented to me, or reopened, considered,
allowed, or paid by me since I came into this Department,
and that I have no knowledge of any such claim.
Several claims have, however, been presented to the
Indian office by those persons against different tribes of
Indians, some of which have been allowed in that office,
and some brought before me for consideration. No one of
these so conforms to the resolution as to allow me to con-
clude that it is the case called for. No one of them is
against the Government of the United States. No one of
them is for $77,000, or anything approaching that sum.
No one of them was reopened and paid by me after it had
been adjudicated and rejected by the proper officer of Gov-
ernment before I came into office, and there is no one of
them in which I know or suspect any clerk in the De-
partment of the Interior to have, or to have had, any in-
terest.
Under these circumstances, I know not what case to
copy and transmit to the committee, and it would be very
unpleasant to me if, for want of some distinctive designa-
tion, I should mistake and send the wrong case. I there-
fore wait for a description by which the case intended can
be identified.
The case of James Barron, called for under the second
resolution, involves three questions, namely:
1st. Whether commutation can be allowed in lieu of half
pay, under the resolution of Congress of March 22,178Ii;
the act of the Legislature of Virginia of December 16,1790;
the acts of Congress of July 5, 1832, of March 3d, 1845,
and of August 12,1848, where no judgment lias been ren-
dered for it against the State of Virginia. This was decided
in the affirmative by the Attorney General in the case of
John M. Gait. A copy of his opinion, with a letter of the
Commissioner of Pensions, stating the facts of the case of
said Gait, is herewith transmitted. (See Doc. 1, papers
numbered 1 and 2.)
2d. Whether interest should be allowed on the commu-
tation when no judgment had been rendered for it in the
courts of Virginia? This was decided in the affirmative by
the opinion of the Attorney General in the case of Thomas
Ewell, a copy of which, with my letter asking the opinion,
is sent herewith. (See Doc. 1, papers numbered 4 and 5.)
3d. Whether the officers of the navy of Virginia were en-
titled to commutation in like manner with the officers in the
land service? This was decided in the affirmative in the
case of Commodore James Barron, in accordance with the
opinion of the Attorney General, and, being the principal
case, copies of all the papers pertaining to it "are sent here-
with. (See Doc. I, papers numbered 7,7 a, 7 b, and so on.)
This case was not reopened by me, as it had pever been
decided before I came into office. The case of John M.
Gait, which involves a leading principle of this case,
was brought before the Secretary of War in August, 1848,
who declined to decide it, as will appear by the letter of the
Commissioner of Pensions of March 22, 1849. (See Doc.
1, paper 1.)
When commutation was allowed, no question appears to
have been ever made as to the propriety of allowing inter-
est upon it before the case of Thomas Ewell, July 14,1849,
(see Doc. 1, paper 4,) and the objection to commutation in
the Barron case was first raised by the Commissioner of
Pensions in his letter to Frederick Vincent, dated August
1,1849. (See Doc. 1, paper numbered 7 c.)
Interest upon interest was paid in the case of James Bar-
ren, and also in the cases of William Graves, George Walls,
and Charles Grier, but it occurred by an error of the Com-
missioner of Pensions, or, properly, of the chancery court
of Virginia, (see judgment in Gait's case, Doc. 1, paper
7 z,) whose rule of calculation the Commissioner, without
any instructions to that effect from this Department, direct-
ed the Third Auditor to follow, which he did.
! In the case of William Graves, the first in which this
| error occurred, the Commissioner made his certificate,which
was approved at the Department as a matter of course, with-
out reading, as it was presumed to be made according to
principles already settled, either by instructions from the
Department^ or in the practice of the office. The error was
discovered in the case of Graves, and supposed to have
been corrected, by letter from this Department, dated No-
vember 21, 1849, (Doc. 1, paper 10,) but it was only correct-
ed in part by the Commissioner in that case; and it after-
wards occurred in the cases of George Walls, Charles Grier,
and James Barron. When my attention was again drawn
to the subject, I caused the mode of calculation to l>e im
mediately and peremptorily corrected, and directed that the
money which had been erroneously paid should be re-
claimed. It was so, but has not been refunded, except a
part in the case of William Graves. The correspondence
on the subject is herewith sent. (See Doc. 1, papers 8 to
17, inclusive.)
The Chickasaw case, embraced in the third resolution,
arose out of an alleged erroneous adjustment of the accounts
of the Chickasaw nation in 1837. Tha account was re-
opened pursuant to instructions from the Secretary of the
Treasury, dated the 4th day of September, 1846, (Doc. 11,
page 66,) and restated by the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury; by the Second Auditor on the 5th of Septem-
ber, 1846; by the Second Comptroller on the 7th of Septem-
ber, 1846, (Doc. II. pages72,73. and 74;) and the only ques-
tions that remained open when I came into office were, 1st,
out of what appropriation was the sum found due to be paid?
2d, (as to a part of it only) to whom was it to be paid?
These questions were submitted to the Attorney General,
and the accounting officers were directed to be governed bv
his opinion. (See Doc. II, pages 100, 125, 126, 134, 253
and 254.
Appointments in the Pension Office.—I have habitually
exercised the power of appointment in the Bureau of the
Commissioner of Pensions, as will be seen by the copies of
letters of appointment which are herewith sent. (See Doc.
Ill, papers 1 to 16, inclusive.) I have done so under the
following provisions of Constitution and law :
1st. The last clause of the second section of the second arti-
cle of the Constitution, which declares " That the Congress
' may by law vest the appointment of such inferior officers
' as they think proper in the President atone, in the courts
' of law.or in the heads of Departments."
2d. The sixth article of the Constitution, which declares
that " All executive and judicial officers, both of the United
' States and of the several States, shall be bound by oath or
' affirmation to support the Constitution."
3d. The second section of the act of March 3d, 1791,
which provides " That each and every clerk and other OI-
' ficer already appointed in any of the Departments or the
' United States, (and who have not, since their appom'-
' ment, taken the oath or affirmation hereafter mentjonea. j
• shall, within fifteen days after the passage of this aci>
' those who shall hereafter be appointed, before mey
' upon the duties of such appointment, take an o
' firination before one of the justices of the Supr ■  
' or one of the judges of a District Court o' -
' States, to support the Constitution of U>e ^
'and also an oath or affirmation well .and fe.thfu y to exe
'cute the trust committed to him, winch "* ^ rareon
' tions, subscribed by such clerk and cer^ed by toe ^rson
'administering the same, shall be filed in the office oi u*=
' person employing such clerk." appointing or
And there is nothing in the sevenu «> " rr jn
continuing the office of which directly
the appropriations for clerks in that bur , appoint-
or by implication confers on the Co""" j a above referred
ing power. In view of the legal provisions above ren>
