1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
655
to, especially the act of March 3d, 1791, there can be no
doubt that regular clerks in the several Departments and
bureaus are ojicers. They are expressly so designated in
the said act. They are required to take an oath of office.
They have official duties assigned to them, and salaries the
regular emoluments of office. If this be so, Congress can-
not constitutionally vest the power of appointing them in
any officer below the head of a Department, and in this
ease there is no provision of law which looks like an at-
tempt lo do so.
•fypoifttmenii m the General Land Office.—The tenth
section of the act of July 4th, 1836, reorganizing the General
Land Office, provides: " That the Commissioner be author-
ixed to employ, for the service of the General Land Office,"
divers clerks, with designated salaries, and it having been
understood that this provision vested the appointment of
clerks in the Commissioner, I have thus far been governed
by that construction, without inquiring whether it was in
accordance with the second section of the second article of
the Constitution of the United States or not; and 1 have
made no appointments of any kind in that bureau. There
are, therefore, no papers in my department or under my
control which come within the resolution of the committee,
except the opinion of Attorney General Butler, (Doc. Ill,
paper 64,) as to the effect of the above-named act, bearing
date the day that the said act was approved, the order of
President Jackson, of same date, (Doc. Ill, paper 65,)
under the superintendence of the Treasury Department,
and the records (Doc. I1T, papers 19 to 63) which show by
whom the appointments in that bureau have been in fact
made since I came into office, all which I have the honor
lo transmit herewith.
I deem it, however, proper for me to say that I am satis-
fied, on full consideration of the provisions of Constitution
and law above cited, and, in addition thereto, of the 6th sec-
tion of the act of March 3d, 1845, (Statutes at Large, vol.
5, page 764,) which recognizes an existing power in the
Secretary of the Treasury to remove clerks in that bureau,
that the practice to which I have conformed is erroneous,
and that no clerk in the General Land Office, no more than
in any of the other bureaus, can be legally in office unless
he be appointed by the President and Senate^ the President
himself, or the head of the Department to which the bureau
pertains.
Reviewing the Decisions of the Commissioner of Pen-
sions.—I have, since the first organization of the Depart-
ment, had a clerk who attends to the correspondence with
the Pension Office, takes care of the papers which come
from it, assists me as far as he can in preparing appealed
cases for decision, and who copies and records my opinions
and those of the Attorney General relating lo bounty lands
and pensions; and since the erroneous calculation ofinter-
est in the cases above referred to, I have required a clerk
in the Department proper to examine all certificates from
that office and the papers on which they are issued before
they are laid on my table for signature, thus providing an
additional guard against accident and error.
About the beginning of the present year there was a very
great number of cases brought up on appeal from that office,
all depending upon mere questions of evidence, and it was
obvious, on the face of many of them, that they had not been
well considered, but (probably to escape the importunity of
agents) hastily passed upon and dispatched to me for exam-
ination and decision. On the 4th of January (Doc. I, paper
24) I sent back fifty of them, with directions to the Commis-
sioner to have them examined by the chief clerk, whom I
knew to be a sound lawyer; that he should avail himself of
assistance in those and all other cases of doubt, and hear his
opinion upon them, and that in each case of appeal he
should have a brief made out by him and sent to me with
the papers.
My object in this was to facilitate the dispatch of busi-
ness, to establish uniformity of decision, and to relieve my-
self from an unreasonable amount of drudgery, which a
clerk who was a lawyer could very well perform. My au-
thority for so doing is to be found in the 6th section of the
act of March 3d, 1849, which establishes this Department.
The difficulty with the decisions of the Commissioner
when not aided by legal advice, will be further explained to
the committee by the correspondence on this head. (Doc.
I, papers 18 to 23, inclusive.)
The fifth resolution refers strictly to the time of its pas-
sage. It directs the committee to inquire " whether any
person or persons in office by appointment from said Ewing
are correspondents or editors of newspapers," which ex-
actness of language was, as I suppose, intended to exclude
all inquiry into the then fast. There is no correspondence
or any matter of record in the Department relating to the sub-
ject which would embrace that or any subsequent time. I
do not send the correspondence which does relate to the
subject prior to that date, because it is not within the resolu-
tion, and because I do not suppose it is desired by the com-
mittee.
I do not know whether any person in office by appoint-
ment from me was at the date of the resolutions, or has been
since, an editor or correspondent of a newspaper. I have
not thought it necessary to inquire, as I do not consider it an
offence to be either the one or the other, unless the paper be
disreputable, so that connection with it implies a moral taint,
or unless the correspondence be in itself in some way objec-
tionable; and when the officers in the Department do their
duty faithfully during business hours, I have not felt it in-
cumbent on me, unless complaints were made against them,
to inqurie into their vocation, or the manner In which they
spend their own time at their own homes.
The names of the parties who were agents and attorneys
in the cases herein mentioned will appear by reference to
the papers themselves.
I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obe-
ffient servent, T. EYVING, Secretary.
The Hon. William A. Richardson, Chairman of the Se~
ltd Committee of the House of Representatives,
Washington city, May 7,1850.
Sir : Enclosed I have the honor to transmit you a copy of
a resolution adopted by select committee appointed by the :
House of Representatives, which asks for additional copies t
of papers in the case of Commodore James Barron, if the
same can be given by you.
I have the honor to be your obedient servant,
W. A. RICHARDSON.
Hon. Thomas Ewing,
Secretary of the Department of Interior,
"Resolved, That the Hon. Thomas Ewing, Secretary of
1 the Interior, be requested to communicate to this comiuit-
; tee, without delay, the copies of all papers, records, and re-
I ceipts in his office or under his control, touching the claim
> of Com. James Barron for half pay or commutation of pay,
as well those papers, records, and receipts which were filed
in any office now under the control of the said Secretary
prior to the year 1832, as well as those which have been
filed since that time, if there be any such which have not
already been tarnished the committee."
Department of the Interior,
Washington, May 8,1850.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your ,
letter of yesterday, transmitting a copy of a resolution of the |
select committee of which you are chairman, in the follow- ]
ing words: 1
" Resolved, That the Hon.'Thomas Ewing, Secretary of
the Interior, be requested to communicate to this commit-
tee, without delay, the copies of all papers, records, and re- 1
ceipts in hisoffice or under his control, touching the claim
of Commodore James Barron, for half pay or commutation j
of pay, as well those papers, records, and receipts which 1
were filed in any office now under the control of tbe said
Secretary prior to the year 1832, as well as those which
. have been filed since that time, if there be any such which
have not already been furnished the committee"—
F And, in reply, to state that I have already furnished the
committee with all the papers under my control in the case
< referred to.
I, however, referred copies of the above resolution to the
Commissioner of Pensions and the Third Auditor of the
Treasury, copies of whose reports I have the honor to sub*
mitherewith.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
T. EWING, Secretary.
I Hon. William A. Richardson, Chairman of the Select
Committee, House of Representatives,
Pension Office, Mat 8, 1850.
Sir : I have the honor to state, in reply to your letter of
this date, and with reference to the resolution of the select
committee of the House of Representatives calling for
" copies of all papers, records and receipts, touching the
claim of Commodore James Barron for half-pay, or commu-
tation of half-pay," that no papers appertaining to tbe case
, remain upon the files of this office.
1 I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
! servant, J. L. EDWARDS.
Commissioner of Pensions.
Hon. T. Ewmo, Secretory of the Interior.
  «
Treasury Department,
Third Auditor's Office, May 8,1850.
Sir : I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your
| letter of this morning, enclosing a copy of tbe resolution of
I the select committee of the House of Representatives, of
which the Hon. W. A. Richardson is chairman, requesting
! copies of certain papers therein mentioned, and that if
there be any such papers on file in this office, to furnish
copies of the same to you with as little delay as possible.
In reply I have to state that there are no papers on file
in this office relating to the case of Commodore James Bar-
ron for half-pay, or for commutation in lieu thereof, (to
which the aforesaid resolution refers,) other than those
which you have had, connected with the settlement of said
claim made January 2, 1850, which f understand you have
eaused copies to be taken for the use of the select commit-
tee hereinbefore referred to.
It may not be improper to remark that the payment made
by the State of Virginia, $2,008 52, on tbe 15th December,
1823, is upwards of eight years prior to the act of July 5,
1832, under which alone these claims of Virginia have been
paid at the Treasuary of the United States, and that the
only authority for deducting that payment in the settlement
of January 2,1850, was found in the decision of tbe Com-
missioner of Pensions, under which said settlement was
made; and consequently that the copies yon are understood
to have furnished, embrace all the papers touching the
case in question that are known to be now or to have been
on file in this office.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
servant, JOHN S. GALLAHER, .Auditor.
To the Hon. Thomas Ewing,
Secretary of the Interior.
P. S. In response to a verbal inquiry yesterday, made
by the chairman of the committee, I have to remark that
there is no paper on the fries of this office connected with
the settlement made by the State of Virginia with the rep-
resentatives of Commodore James Barron, in December,
1823. JOHN S. GALLAHER, Auditor.
House or Representatives, May 8,1850.
Hon. T. Ewing, Secretary of the Department Interior:
Sir: Enclosed you will find a resolution this day adopted
by select committee, raised by order of the House of Rep-
resentatives on the 22d of April last, which I am directed
by the committee to communicate to you.
1 have the honor to be your ob't ser't,
W. A. RICHARDSON.
t(Resobed, That Hon, T. Ewing, Secretary of the Interior,
be requested to furnish to select committee raised by order
of the House of Representatives, 22d of April, 1850,copies
of all papers and records on file in his office or under his
control touching claims against Government or any of the
Indian tribes in which Eurings were interested in their own
right or partners with others, which have been reopened and
adjudicated by the Secretary of the Interior."
Department op thr Interior,
Washington* May 13,1850.
Sir : In compliance with theresolution of the committee,
I have the honor to state that there is no case of any claim
of W. G. and G. W. Ewing, or any in which they " were
interested as partners with others against the Government
or any of the Indian tribes," within my knowledge, or, on
careful search disclosed by the records of the Department,
which was adjudicated and decided before I came into
office, and which has since been reopened and allowed by
me.
There is in schedule E of the report of the Commissioner
of Indian Affturs of November 30,1848, a list of claims
against the Pottawatomie Indians, fifteen in number.
Among them are two claims in favor of W. G. and G. W.
Ewing on national obligations, executed at the same time
and place with the treaty, one witnessed by the Superintend-
ent of Indian Affairs for $6,410 70, the other witnessed by
the Indian sub-agent for $40,277, with a credit thereon for
$12,250, leaving a balance due of $28,027. There is also a
claim of Ewing & Clyroer for $4,773, made at the same time
and under like circumstances. These claims, with the
class to which they belong, were for some time pendingbe-
fore the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, but not decided ;
and in his report of tbe above date he says: " As the claims
* now stand, it is impossible to make any safe decision in
' regard to them short of rejecting the whole, and under the
* circumstances, the best, and probably only practicable
* mode of making any satisfactory and final disposition of
* than would be for Congress to authorise the appointment
1 of a commissioner to investigate them on the spot, with
' power to take testimony and examine witnesses in order
* to ascertain satisfactorily how far they should justly be re-
4 garded as national or individual liabilities, whether the
' charges are just and reasonable, and all other facts and
* circumstances which should be taken into consideration ra
' making a final decision upon them."
The proposition to appoint commissioners to investigate
these claims was before a committee of the Senate, accord-
ingly, who, on the 8th of January, 1849. reported a joint
resolution (9. R. No. 49) providing for the appointment of
a commission to examine these claims and the claims
against the other tribes named in the said schedule.
This resolution did not pass, and the claims still remain-
ing undecided, were, when I came into office, brought be-
fore me for decision. Not having been adjudicated and
decided before I came into office, they were not reopened
by me, and therefore do not come within the call of the
committee or the resolution of the House.
There is named in the same report, (page 40,) also on
schedule E? a claim of W. G. & G. W. Ewing against the
Miamies of $5,241, which is one of a class of which the
Commissioner says, (page42:) "The claims were twice
presented, fully considered, and rejected, both by the De-
partment and the President." This statement is erroneous.
The records of the Indian Office and the files therein show
that there were forty-six claims by sundry individuals
against the Miamies, of which the last above named claim
of W. G. St G. W. Ewing was one. The third article of
the treaty of November 28,1840? with the Miamies, con-
tained a provision that the United States should, immedi-
ately after the ratification of the treaty, appoint a commis-
sioner or commissioners, who should investigate all claims
against any and every member of the tribe which had accrued
since the 6th day of November, 1838, or which might ac-
crue before the ratification of the treaty.
This list of debts arose after the ratification of the treaty.
The Indians requested the President to appoint a commis-
sion to examine and settle them. He declined to do so,
i1 because the case did not come within the provisions of the
! treaty, and this, as far as can be ascertained, is one of tho
I incidents referred to in the report of the Commissioner of
1 Indian Affairs as a consideration and rejection of the claims
i by the President.
j ■ Thelndiansandthetradersthereuponappointedthcirown
commissioners, who went on and awarded upon the claims,
; and their award was produced at the office of Indian Af-
fairs, in the Summer of 1846, by the Hon. G. N. Fitch, one
of the arbitrators, who requested the Commissioner to file it
in his office, which he refused to do. The Indians after-
wards memorialized the President on the subject, which
memorial was presented to the President in September of
i the same year, who, on the twenty-third of that month,
, directed it to be " returned to the office of the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs." It was accordingly taken to the
office, and then received and filed ; but it never was acted on
until after I came into office, any further than to be named
in the report of November 30, 1848, in schedule E. It was
embraced, in common with the other cases, in the joint res-
olution reported by the committee of the Senate. These
cases, therefore, had not been either considered or decided;
but the Commissioner had absolutely, and without any good
reason apparent on tbe records of the office, not only re-
fused to examine, consider, or decide tbe cases, but he re-
fused to receive and file the papers until they were referred
to his office by the President.
These cases, therefore, were not reopened. They were
; considered for the first time by the present Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, who reported upon them to me on the 5th of
February, 1850. I approved the report of the Commissioner
: as far as he expressed an opinion.
There were two cases which, for some reason, had not
been examined and awarded upon by the arbitrators, one of
which was the case m which W. G. & G. W. Ewing were
i claimants. On these the Commissioner having, in his
report to me, expressed no opiuion, I declined to consider
them, but sent them back for his definitive action. He has
since decided them, on what particular state of facts I am
not advised, as his decision has not been before me for ex*
' animation or revision.
This case, therefore, not having been either reopened (or
indeed decided) by me, does not come within the resolu-
tion of the committee, and the papers relating to it are not
forwarded.
I reply particularly to this point, (the reopening of cases
once decided,) not because I deem it of any importance
whatsoever in the general language in which it is pre-
; sented, but because it seems to be the sign by .which the
