656
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 21.
case the committee is in search of Is to be identified, and
also, indeed, the main object to which their investigation is
directed.
Appeal* lie from die heads of Bureaux to the heads ot De-
partments, and the nxht of appeal is not cut off by the
change of administration, or the change of the head of a
Department, but continues to subsist as if no such change
had taken place. I should, therefore, have as readily re-
ceded and acted on an appeal from a decision of the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs made before as one made after
1 came into office. If I have not done so, it merely hap-
pens that no such case occurred; it would have occurred
in a proper case, and will yet occur if a proper case be pre-
aented.
Heads of Departments have a right to review, and it is
their duty to review theirown decisions, when proper cases
are made; such, for example, as would induce a court of
equity to review and reverse their decrees, and that right is
not lost by a change in the head of the Department.
The sound and sensible rules which govern courts of jus-
tice on the subject of appeals and reviews, do govern, or
ought to govern, the heads of Departments also, except
only when an erroneous decisson 111 favor of an individual
right so vests that right as to put it out pf the power of an
executive officer to correct his error.
I have on one occasion reviewed and reversed my own
decision for what I deemed a sufficient cause, and would
as readily, (mid no more readily,) for a like causc, review
and reverse a like decision of my predecessor. If I have
never done so in any case, it arises from the accidental cir-
cumstance that no ease has been presented in which I
thought the rules of correst jurisprudence required it to be
done. Whenever such case shall arise, if any do arise, I
will thus act upon it, as a matter of course, unless Congress
•ee fit, by legal euactment, to change what I conceive to be
the sound and well-settled rules of practice and decision in
the Departments as well as in courts of justice.
From the language of the last resolution which J had the
honor to receive from the committee, it may perhaps be in-
ferred that importance is attached, in their estimation, to the
names of the individuals who own or are interested in these
claims. The resolution calls for—
'• Copies of all papers and records on filein his [thia] of-
fice, or under his [my] control, touching.claims against the
Government, or any of the Indian tribes, in which Ewings
were interested in their own right or as partners with oth-
ers, which have been reopended and adjudicated by the De-
partment of the Interior."
With a view to the phraseology of this resolution, and
the implication which it might seem to convey, and lest an
repression should arise from it contrary, of course, to the
intent of the committee, inasmuch as it would be contrary
to the troth, that the claims under consideration belong to
my relatives, and that in their behalf I have reopened and
rejudged them, I deem it proper to say that " the Ewings"
interested in these claims, and all the other parties inter-
ested therein, are alike strangers tome; that no one of them
is my relative, as far as I know, nor have I ever had any in-
timacy with any one of themyor any communication or in-
tercourse with any one of them, save what occurred in the
discharge of this and one other act of official duty.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
aervant, T. EWING, Secretary.
Hon. W*. A. Richardson,
Chairman Select Committee House of Reps.
Hours or Representatives, May 15,1850.
Sir : The select committee raised by order of the House
of Representatives on the 22d of April last, have this day
adopted the enclosed resolution, and directed me to furnish
the same to you. I have the bonorto be, your obedient ser-
vant, Wf. A. RICHARDSON.
Hon. T. Ewihg,
Secretary of the Department qf the Interior.
Resolved, That Hon. T. Ewing, Secretary of the Depart*
mem of the Interior, furnish this committee copies of all
papers and records on file in his office, or any department
under his control, in the following cases:
No. 1, in schedule E of Hon. William Medill's (Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs) report in 1848—Ewings and Cly-
mer against the Pottawatomies of the Osage. I
No. 2, in same schedule—W. G. and G. W. Ewing
against same Indian*, amountingto $6,410 70.
No. 3, in same schedule—W. G. and G. W. Ewing j
against the Pottawatomies of Council Bluffs, amounting to ;
$40,351 07. 1
No. 16, same schedole—W. G. and G. W. Ewing against
Mi amies.
No. 23, same schedule—W. G. and G. W. Ewing against
the Sacs and Foxes of the Mississippi, amounting to
83.
No. 24, same schedule—G. W. and W. G. Ewing,
amounting te .$770. i
No. 33, same schedule—Ewings and Clyiner against the
Weas and Peankishaws, amounting to $4,244 85.
Department op the Interior, i
Washington, May 22, 1850.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your
letter of the 15th instant, inclosing a resolution of the com-
mittee, which is in the following words, viz:
" Resoloed, That Hon. T. Ewing, Secretary of the De-
partment of the Interior, famish this committee copies of
all papers and records on file in his office, or any department
under his control, in the following cases:
"No. J,in schedule E, of Hon. William Medill's (Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs) report in 1848 of Ewing and
Clymer against the Pottawatomies of the Osage.
" No. 2, in same schedule—W. G. and G. W. Ewing
against same Indians, amounting to $6,410 70.
"No 3, same schedule-^W. G. and G. W. Ewing against il
of Council Bluffs, amountingto $40,351 07. II
'No. 16, same schedule—W. G. and G. W. Ewing
•gainst Mi amies.
''.N"- 'A same schedule—W. 6. and G. W. Ewing \
^purwt Sac. and Fox«« of the Misrfsrippi, amounting to | i
"No. 94, same schedule—G. W. and W. G. Ewing,
$770.
u No. 33, same schedule—Ewings and Clymer against
Wea* and Peankishaws, amounting to f*4,244 85.M
No one of the cases called for in the above recited resolu-
tion of the conunittec is named or described, or in any other
manner embraced within the resolution of the House which
creates the committee, and defines and limits its powers.
They are, therefore, in my judgment, not within its author-
ity. Nevertheless, though not bound to do so, I choose to
transmit the copies called for.
The committee will find herewith copies of the papers in
all the cases named in the resolution, except the seventh
case, No. 33, which has not been examined, considered, or
in any way acted upon, either in the Department or in the
Indian bureau, since I came into office, and in which there
are no papers on file in the Department. 1 have no knowl-
edge of the case, and can communicate nothing concern-
ing it.
As to the three first named cases, Nos. 1, 2, and 3, on the
schedule, I deem it proper to add, to what is said in my
communication of the 13th instant, (to which I refer,) that
the point decided by me on appeal from the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs was, that the national obligation of the
Indians, delivered in genera) council and publicly declared
and witnessed by the Superintendent of Indian Affairs, or
by the Indian agent, ou?ht to be considered prima Jacie
evidence of a national debt. Among the papers sent to the
Department by the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, in com-
pliance with my letter of April 7, 1849, there was nothing
tending to impeach the integrity of either the Superintend-
ent of Indian Affairs or the Indian agent. On the contrary,
there was much evidence to sustain and confirm the truth
and propriety of their attestation.
The amounts found due on these obligations were—
No. 1. Ewings and Clymer, (Pottawatomies)....$4,773 00
i Nos. 2 and 3, W. G. & G. W . Ewing, (do.) 34,437 70
On which payments were made within the year 1849—
On No. 1 $3,182 00
On Nos. 2 and 3 13,886 12
And certificates were issued for the several balances, a
form of which will be found herewith.
In December last objections were filed in behalf of the
Indians to the payment of the full amount of the residue of
these claims; the counsel representing them averring that
a part only of the sums named in the several obligations
was due, and that it was so declared and understood at the
time of their delivery.
On this representation I reopened the cases, suspended
all further payments, and gave time to take testimony.
Some depositions have been since taken and filed, and an
extension of time is now asked to take further testimony.
1 On this I have not yet acted, and the cases still remain open
and undecided. The motion to reopen the cases, the action
upon it, the evidence taken, and the motion to extend the
time for taking testimony, and the papers filed in support of
that motion, will all appear in their order in the accompany-
ing copies.
j A letter addressed to William Medill, Commissioner of
! Indian Affairs, by Thomas H. Harvey, dated April 26,1849,
. and marked private, (a copy of which will be found here-
! with,) was not filed in the Department, or made known to
| me, until the 19th of April, 1850, when it was presented
| with the application for the extension of time. And I can
| now consider it in no other point of light than as a fiict tend-
f ing to impeach the character fer official integrity of Mr.
; Harvey, who was the superintendent that witnessed two
of the national obligations. All these cases are still before
; the Department for reconsideration.
There have been allowed on the other three cases the fol-
lowing sums:
On No. 16—W. G. fc. G. W. Ewing.. $5,241 00
On No. 23—W. G. it G. W. Ewing  8,720 83
On No. 24—G. W. & W. G. Ewing  770 89
And there have been paid on them as follows:
On No. 16 $1,179 25
On Nos. 23 and 24 the whole amount, viz  9,491 72
The facts of those cases are sufficiently explained in my
letter to the committee of the I3th instant, t> which refer,
and in the accompanying papers.
A letter from the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, trans-
mitting copies of the papers in the three last-named cases,
together with the copies, is sent herewith.
I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obe-
! dientservant, T. EWING, Secretary.
, Hon. William Richardson, Chairman of the Select
I Committee of the House of Representatives.
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be requested
to communicate to this committee, with as little delay as
possible, the whole amount which has been paid out of the j
Treasury of the United States upon the accounts of the
Commonwealth of Virginia against the United States, for :
payments made by said State prior to the 5th of July, 1832,
to the officers commanding in the Virginia line in the war
of the Revolution, on account of half pay promised the offi-
cers aforesaid by that Commonwealth, and the particular
accounts which have been so paid. !
Hon. T. Ewi.no, j
Secretary of the Department of the Interior.
Sir: I am directed by the select committee to communi-
eate to you the above resolution, this day adopted by the
committee.
I have the honor to be your obedient servant,
W. A. RICHARDSON.
Department of the Interior,
Washington, May 23, 1850. |
Sir: On yesterday I had the honor to receive from you a
letter, without date, enclosing a resolution of the select I
committee, of which you are chairman, in the following
words, viz: j
"Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be re- n
quested to communicate to this committee, with as little
delay as possible, the whole amount which has been paid
out of the Treasury of the United States upon the accounts : i
of the Commonwealth of Virginia against the United States 11
11 for payments made by said State prior to the f>th of July
1832, to the officers commanding in the Virginia line in the
war of the Revolution, on account of half-pay promised the
officers aforesaid by that Commonwealth, and the particular
accounts which have been so paid."
In reply I have to state that the information sought not
being in the Department of the Interior, or any" of its
burcnus, I cannot officially furnish it. It will be found in
the Treasury Department.
I have the honor to be, bir, very respectfully, your obedient
servant, T. EWING, Secretary.
Hon. W. A. Richardson,
Chaiitnan of the Selcct Committee, House of Reps.
June 14, 1850.
8ir : I am directed by the sclect committee to transmit
to you the following resolution, this day adopted by the
said committee:
" Resolorerf, That the Secretary of the Interior bp re-
quested to furnish the committee with copies of all letters
dismissing clerks from the General Land Office since the
4th of March. 1849. *9
I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,
W. A. RICHARDSON.
Hon. T. Ewing, Secretary of the Interior.
Department or the Interior,
Washington, June 20, 1850.
Sir : I have the honor to acknowledge the reeeiptof your
letter of the 14th instant, accompanying a resolution of the
committee of that date, which requires me to furnish copies
of all letters dismissing clerks from the General Land Of-
fice since the 4th of March, 1849.
I have considered this carefully, and compared it with
the resolution of the House which creates the committee
and dednes and limits its powers, and it is clear to my mind
that the committee is not authorized to inquire into the mat-
ter embraced in the resolution, or to send for persons and
papers respecting it.
I pointed out a like objeetton to a former resolution, and
waived it, hoping thereby to draw the attention of the com-
mittee to the limitation of their powers ; but this is a sec-
ond and still more wide and obvious departure, and I do
not deem further acquiescence on my part consistent with
right and duty.
It must be obvious that to a Department which owes du-
ties to the public and desires promptly to perform them, se-
rious inconveniences must arise from an investigation at
, large, directed to no point and governed by no law ; and
there are various consequences of no slight moment attend*
ing tijis investigation, even when confined within its prop-
er and legitimate limits. In some branches of it the rights
of individuals are affected, or, rather, their remedies sus-
pended by it; and in all my rights as'an Executive officer
are to some extent affected, and the regular and daily dis-
charge of my duties more or less obstructed and retarded. I
do not object to this so far as the committee acts under the
authority of the House, but I think it improper for me vol-
untarily to admit it where it is unauthorized and illegal;
; and if the limits fixed by the House be disregarded by the
! committee, and if I acquiesce in their assumption of indefi-
! nite powers, the investigation is then without bounds as to
I extent, without direction as to its object, and, what is still
j i more important to me, without limit as to its duration.
j | In my letter of the 6th ultimo I had the honor to inform
; the committee that I claimed and exercised the power of
|1 removal as to all clerks in the General Land Office, except
; those who hold their offices by the appointment of the Pres-
| ident and Senate, and that I did so by virtue of the provi-
, sions of the sixth section of the act of March 3d, 1845,
, (chapter 71,) which expressly recognizes the power of such
removal in the Head of the Treasury Department, and by
virtue also of the power of supervision over that office,
transferred from the Treasury and vested in this Department
by the third section of the act of March 3, 1849, (chapter
108.) This is sufficient to enable the committee to raise a
question as to my power of removal, if, under the resolution
of the House, they feel authorized to do so.
The resolution of the House authorizes the cortimitttee
to inquire into the fact whether I have made appointments
of clerks in the General Land Office? And if so, by what
authority I made such appointments?
None having been made by me, the accusation as to the
principal fact fails of course, and the commitee now pro-
;, pose to extend their investigation to removals, because the
i | power to remove, where no legal provision interposes to
prevent it, is incident to the power to appoint.
j The committee, having no principal matter of investiga-
tion before them, claim to pursue what would be an incident
to a supposed principal, if that principal existed. Admit-
| ting this to be correct, which would be conceding much,
still the resolution of the committee cannot be justified. The
1 fact distinctly stated, that I claim aud exercise the power of
removal, sufficiently raises the question of power if the tri-
bunal be authorized to consider it. The form of the letters
of removal—the number of those letters—the reasons, if
i any, given in them, which is all that could be obtained from
. the copies called for, are mere incidents to the power of re-
moval and its exercise. If, then, the right to examine into
! the fact and power of appointment confer the right to inquire
into the fact end power of removal as its incident; and the
exercise of this incidental power confer the right to inquire
into the manner and cause of removal as incidental to> that
also, the committee may go from incident to incident, n
every conceivable matter of executive administratio
brought under their revision. To this I cannPtTcS<4niini
and therefore, and for all the reasons above stated,
; to send the copies required. ^
j Jva®? the h0nOT * b£' WwrnG^crrfan,.
Hon. William a. Richardson, , _
Chairman of the Select Committee House
Mr. turney. The Senator from Ohio, on
he coming in of this report, is prepared wit,
speech, with a view to vindicate himsel , n j
from the few remarks which i made on a
occasion, but also from the proceedings
