658
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 21,
They did not suppress any paper, but every pa-
per for and against the case was returned by them
with their report to the House of Representatives,
for the House to make such order upon it as they
should think proper. The House men made an
order to print. Whatever the House printed they
are responsible for and not the committee. I am
instructed to say that the committee made no rec-
ommendation as to what papers should be printed,
and what papers should not be printed. They
left it entirely with the House of Representatives,
without any recommendation on the subject, and
the House then made such order as they thought
proper. If, therefore, there was any suppression
of papers, it rests elsewhere than on that commit-
tee, and the discussions of the House of Repre-
sentatives showed that it rests elsewhere. When
that charge was intimated in the newspapers, the
subject was brought into the House, and the
charge was branded as a calumny, and these facts
were all explained, and appeared upon the records
of the House. 1 am, therefore, surprised to see
this charge renewed here as it applies to that com-
mittee, when there was not a man in the other
House who dared to intimate that it was true. I
am also instructed to say that there are in the
printed documents omissions of many important
papers. The chairman of the committee himself
complained that there was an omission of papers
that fnade the document do him and the majority
of the committee injustice. He did not accuse any
one of doing it by design, but it was unfortunate-
ly so. They were not all printed in the docu-
ment. The fault was not in the committee. It
was either with the order of the House, or it was
somewhere else that they have not all been printed
The majority of that committee complained of an
, omission to print certain papers wnen they did
print the full defence of the Senator from Ohio.
The majority of the committee complained that in-
justice was done them, and they had the right to
complain of that omission. But no man there,
no man familiar with the facts, ever intimated
over his own responsibility that the chairman of
the committee, or any member of the majority of
the committee, had any connnection directly or
indirectly with the omission of the documents
from that report.
But another point. The Senator from Ohio has
<*Raolved, That the payment by the Secretary of the In-
terior of #32,382 50 to the administrator of Commodore
James Baron, as commutation pay for the naval services of
said Barron during the revolutionary war, was made in
violation of law.
"Raoleed, That officers of the Virginia Navy during the
war of the Revolution are not entitled to commutation pay.
"Resolved, That the payment of compound interest in
the case of Commodore James Barron was made in viola-
tion of law.
"Resolved, That the sum of $56,031 49 paid to Messrs.
Corcoran & Riggs, as assignees of William M. G.win was
justly due the Chickasaw Indians, and was improperly paid
to Corcoran & Riggs.
" Mr. Vinton submitted the views of a minority of the
said committee on the said subject.
"Mr. Richardson also submitted the views of a minority
of the said committee on the subject of one of the resolu-
tions contained in the said report.
"Mr. Richardson moved that the farther consideration
of the said report be postponed until Tuesday, the 17th in-
stant, and that it, together with the views of the minority,
be printed.
"A division of the question being demanded, the ques-
tion was first put, 'Shall the said report be postponed until
Tuesday, the 17th instant ?'
"And decided in the negative—yeas 81, nays 107.
"The hour of twelve having arrived, the House proceed-
ed to the consideration of the special order."
Under date of the 6th September, 1850, the following ap-
pears, and Mr. Dousus authorizes the statement to be
made that he has ascertained that all the papers are on file
in the office of the Clerk of the House of Representatives,
as he stated:
" The House proceeded to the consideration of the report
of the select committee appointed under the resolutions of
the House of the 23d of April last, together with the reso-
lutions reported by a majority of die said committee—the
pending question being on the motion to print the said
report, together with the views of the minority of said
committee, submitted by Messrs. Vinton and Richardson,
respectively.
" After debate—
" The hour of twelve m. having arrived,
"The Speaker announced, as the business now in or-
der, the bill of the Senate (No. 307,) entitled ' An act pro-
posing to the State of Texas the establishment of her north-
ern and western boundaries, the relinquishment by the said
State of all territory claimed by her exterior to said bounda-
ries, and of all claims upon the United States,' it being the
special order.
" Pending which,
" On motion by Mr. Bowlin, by unanimous consent,
Ordered, That the report just' under consideration, to- !
(etner with the views of the minority, be printed."
UC tu lnaiYC W1C 111IUI csoiun vau- J v...
there had been foul play in the appointment (
that committee. It would be idle and unnecessar
said that the chairman of the committee was the
accuser in the investigation, and has said that the
accuser had no right to become a judge on the trial,
and has intimated that the Speaker of .the House
of Representatives had violated his duty by put-
ting him in that position. The intention seems to
be to make the impression on the country that
of
unnecessary
for me to say to the Senate, that that charge car-
ries with it its own refutation. The chairman of
that committee had made no accusation against the
Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. EWING. That is a bold averment.
Mr. DOUGLAS. He has stated that such
things had been told him. He has stated that he
believed them to be substantially true, but that he
had not the evidence, and therefore could not vouch
for their truth. He therefore asked for a com-
mittee of inquiry, and introduced a resolution for
the appointment of such a committee. He believed
the charges to be true, and hence he deemed it
necessary to investigate them. Now I wish to
make this point: When a resolution is thus intro-
duced, not making direct charges, but inquiring
into the truth of facts, what is the rule of parlia-
mentary law ? The rule of the parliamentary law >
is, that the mover of the investigation shall be the !
chairman of the committee. The rule would be ;
the same if he had made direct charges. Whether
the charges are made directly, or an inquiry is i
moved to investigate them implying a charge, in
either case parliamentary law requires that the
Speaker should appoint the member introducing
the resolution chairman of the committee. The
rule of parliamentary law requires more than that;
it requires that the committee to be appointed I
should be composed of a majority favorable to the
objects of the investigation. Then what ground
of complaint is there against the Speaker of the
House for appointing the member who introduced
the resolution chairman of the committee of inves-
tigation ? I undertake to say that the Senator is
not well informed of the rules and practices of the
House of Representatives if he makes that charge.
He is not well informed of the laws of every parli-
amentary body on earth, or any one parliamentary
body, I think, if he makes that charge against the
Speaker of the House of Representatives. _ The
Speaker of the House could do no less, consistent
with the parliamentary law, than appoint the per-
son chairman who introduced that resolution of
inquiry. I say, therefore, that the Speaker acted
in accordance with the principles of parliamentary
law, in accordance with the rules of parliamentary
law, in accordance with the usage of the House of
Representatives, in obedience to the practice of
every parliamentary body on earth, when he con-
stituted that committee as he did. I say, further-
more, that the charge made against the chairman
of that committee, and the majority of that com-
mittee,of suppressing these papers and documents,
is established to be untrue, and he has denounced
it as such.
The Senator has not proven that charge. I re-
gret that I have found it necessary to say one
word on the subject, but justice to my colleague in
the House of Representatives required this much
at my hands.
Mr. EWING. Mr. President *
*A CARD.
Messrs. Gales fc Seaton : The enforcement of the rules
of order by the Presiding Officer cut me off from any reply
to the remarks of the Senator from Illinois, (Mr. Douolas.)
I wish, therefore, to say, in your paper, that the rules and
practice of deliberative bodies do not justify the appoint-
ment of the accuser, on whose statement an investigation
is founded, to act as judge in the very matter in which he
declares he has formed, and in which he does on the spot
express an opinion; or, in other words, where he declares
he has prejudged the case.
Such was the fact here. In the Congressional Globe,
784, Mr. Richardson said: " He told the gentleman from
Tennessee, and he told the House, that unless he was
greatly deceived, unless he was greatly mistaken, every
charge put forth in these resolutions would be established by
proof which no man could controvert or deny." And Mr.
Stanton, of Tennessee, said, in reference to the remarks
of Mr. Richardson, "it seemed to him to be sufficient !
that a member rose in bis place and preferred charges against |
a high officer of the Government, and stated his belief that :
they were true. In pursuing such course the gentleman
certainly took upon himself a high degree of responsibility;
and though he disclaimed any personal knowledge of the j
charges, surely no gentleman would envy the condition in j
which he would be placed if these charges should turn out >
to be futile or unfounded."
The proposition to make a man thus prejudiced and pub- ]
licly committed a judge in the very ease, is revolting to our !
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will be under
the necessity of arresting this discussion. The
Chair informed the Senator from Ohio, at an
early period of this discussion, that it is not and
cannot be permitted, according to parliamentary
usage and courtesy due from one House to an-
other, to discuss the proceedings of the other
House, and particularly to cast censure on its offi-
cers or any of its members. The discussion has
gone on to an extent which the Chair very much
regrets, and he feels under the necessity of now
arresting it. The communication lies on the table,
unless some motion is made to dispose of it in
another manner.
TENESSEE RAILROAD.
Mr. JONES. I now move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill for the relief of the East
Tennessee and Georgia Railroad Company was
laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The question now comes
up again on the motion to lay the bill on the
table.
Mr. PEARCE. I hope we shall postpone any
further action upon this bill for the present. Many
gentlemen are absent who took part in the discus-
sion yesterday, and it does not seem quite fair
that we should thus suddenly press the Senate to
action upon it now. I move that the further con-
sideration of the bill be laid on the table till to-
morrow.
Mr. TURNEY. With the general under-
standing that it will be taken up to-morrow, I will
not oppose the motion. I wish to say one word
in reply to what was said by the Senator from
Maryland yesterday. He seemed to thipk this
was the practice some years ago 
The PRESIDENT. The question is on laying
the bill on the table.
Mr. TURNEY. I hope the Senator from Tex-
as, who made the motion yesterday, will withdraw
that motion.
Mr. RUSK. I will do so, if it is in my power.
The PRESIDENT. It is not in the power of
the Senator to withdraw it now.
Mr. DICKINSON. I would suggest that,
although the bill was laid on the table, yet the mo-
tion to reconsider is in fact a motion to take up
the bill; and I think the question now is on the
passage of the bill.
The PRESIDENT. The question now is to
lay the bill on the table. As the vote by which
it was laid on the table has been reconsidered, the
question recurs on the motion to lay upon the
table. A motion has been made to postpone the
further consideration of that question until to-
morrow.
Mr. BERRIEN. I hope the question will be
taken upon laying the bill upon the table, and
then the Senate will postpone tne further consider-
ation of it until to-morrow, which will afford the
opportunity required by the Senator from Mary-
land for the assemblage of those who may be op-
posed to the bill on the question of its passage.
Mr. HALE. I rise to a question of order. Is
it in order to move to postpone the further consid-
eration of the bill while the motion to lay the bill
upon the table is pending? The motion to lay on
the table is not debatable; a motion to postpone
voids the rule.
sense of justice, and of what every man feels to be due to
the protection of individual right. The accusation some
years ago preferred by a member of the other House (C. J.
Ingersoll) against Mr. Webster is in point—and I submit
whether the public sense of justice and propriety would
not have been shocked by the appointment of that individ-
ual as chairman of the committee to investigate bis own
charges.
When I was accused by Mr. Richardson and put on tnj
before him as chairman of the committee, I was inoneoc
the executive offices of the Government, where my voice
could not be heard in my own justification. Official pro-
priety forbade me to address myself to the public tnreogy
the public press, and there was no ineans of defenc
me, except by the communications which I addre^ea^ ^
committee, in answer to their calls for informanon. f
letters I supposed would, as a matter of course,g° j
the public with the report of the committee, ana aDOi_
would have been content; but they did not;
ogy for their suppression, as I ""^"^{Liution or order
the report of the committee and the re ^ thj3
to print were so framed as to «ckute resolution to
does not help the case at all. ^ or the re-
print was adapted to tbe report of the thef were
port so adapted to the rei*\ same hand, so as to
framed and fashioned together by th terjal. ^ fl,e
effect the suppression of my letters ^ form9and rule of
wrong is the same whether done una ^ jjWING.
order or against them.
