1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
659
The PRESIDENT. It was laid upon the ta- |
ble, and now the vote by which it was laid upon
the table has been reconsidered. Of course, it is .
pliu't'd exactly where it was before the vote was
taken, and tli.it vote was ordered to be taken by
the ye.is and nays. The question now is, will the
Senate lav the bill upon the table ?
Mr. DAYTON. Must we of necessity take that
question now ? I understand thnt we have recon-
sidered the vote by which it was laid on the table;
fiunl the question is, whether, being reconsidered,
fthe further consideration may not go over until
to-morrow or some future day ?
Mr. BERRIEN. The single question is, wheth-
er a motion to lay upon the table can be affected
by a motion to postpone? I think the question is
now upon laying the bill upon the table, and that
question is to be decided without debate. If it
can be affected by a motion to postpone until to-
morrow, it becomes debatable, as suggested by
the Senator from New Hampshire.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair has already de-
cided that the question is, shall the bill belaid upon
the table, having been laid upon the table by the
yeas and nays.
Mr. BER RI EN. My belief is that the question
must be taken now upon the question to lay upon
the table. ,
Mr. PEARCE. If my motion to postpone ere- 11
ates any difficulty, I will withdraw the motion.
The question on the original motion was then
taken, with the following result:
YEAS—Messrs. Cass, Clay, Dayton, Ewing, Fetch, Mil-
ler, Pearce, Pratt, Smith, Spruance, and Sturgeon—11
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Ber- |
Hen, Borland, Bright, Butler, Clarke, Clemens, Davis of [
Mississippi, Dawson, Dickinson,Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge 1
of Iowa, Douglas, Hale, Jones, King, Mason, Rusk, Sebas-
tian, Seward, Shields, Turney, Walker, Whitcomb, and
Yulee—96.
So the bill was not laid upon the table.
The PRESIDENT. The bill is before the Sen-
ate as in Committee of the Whole, and there is an
Amendment pending which was offered by the Sen-
tor from Maryland, [Mr. Pearce.]
Mr. DAYTON. I now move to postpone the
further consideration of the bill until to-morrow.
Mr. TURNEY. With a general understanding
that it will be taken up to-morrow, I have no ob- .
jection. j
Mr. BADGER. We had better dispose of it ]
to-day.
The motion to postpone was agreed to. !
PETITION.
Mr. CLAY. I have a petition, signed by a sin-
fle individual, John Colton, of the city of Phila-
elphia, in which he complains very much of the
singular situation of our silver currency, and of,
the great inconvenience resulting from it; and he
suggests that Congress should propose some rem- .
«dy. I move to refer the petition to the Committee
on Finance.
It was so referred.
CASE OF CHARLOTTE LYNCH.
Mr. SMITH. If it is in order, Mr. President,
I move that the Senate reconsider the vote upon
the report of the Committee on Pensions upon a
resolution of my honorable colleague, directing j
the committee to inquire into the expediency of
amending the act for the relief of Charlotte Lynch. ;
The committee reported, requesting to be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the res-
olution. I do not ask that it shall be considered
now, but am willing that it shall lie over. I also
move 
Mr. HALE. I object to another motion before
that is disposed of.
The PRESIDENT. It is moved to reconsider
the vote discharging the committee from the
further consideration of the resolution.
Mr. ATCHISON. It seems to me that the
motion to reconsider may be entered on the Jour-
nal, and remain without any further action now.
The PRESIDENT. The motion that is made
must be disposed of, unless by general consent it
lies over until another day.
Mr. ATCHISON. I move that the further
consideration of the subject lie over till to-morrow.
Mr. HALE. I hope it will not be done. I
hope the Senate will indulge me in stating the sit-
uation of this case, because it is due to the Senate,
last session, and the Committee on Pensions made
a unanimous report in favor of it, and the Senate
voted unanimously in favor of accepting the re-
port. The House did not act upon it at the last
session. At this session it has been acted upon
by the House, and it has come here with an
: amendment, and the Senate concurred in that
> amendment. After the bill had gone through all
! the stages of legislation, and was completed, being
signed by the President, and it had become a law,
; other individuals come in and claim to be the heirs
of the same ancestors, and petition to have the
privileges of the same act. They pray us to
amend this private act after it has thus become a
. law.
Let the Senate understand that this matter was
pending upon an application of Mrs. Lynch more
act of justice to the representatives of a deceased
revolutionary officer, have taken care that equal
justice should be done to all his legal representa-
tives? During the present session and subsequent
to the passage of this bill, I received for the first
time information that there were residing in the
State of Connecticut the children of a deceased
brother of Mrs. Charlotte Lynch, and a memorial
was forwarded to me in their behalf, under the im-
pression, as was stated in the letter addressed to
me, that the bill had not been passed through all
its stages. It was represented to me that these
descendants were poor and needy, and they felt that
if there were any vested rights in their ancestor,
' they were entitled equally with Mrs. Lynch to
share in them. Their petition was presented to
the Senate and referred to the committee. Subse-
than twelve months from the time it commenced quently a resolution was introduced by me direct-
to the end. During the whole of that twelve
months there was no application by anybody else;
but after it had gone through all the stages of legis-
lation, and was signed by the President, and the
pittance had become, as it was understood,a vested
right of Mrs. Lynch, then these petitioners come
in and ask for an amendment of the law, and ask
the Senate to take that from Mrs. Lynch to which
she is entitled by this law, and give one half to them.
That memorial was, by an order of the Senate,
unanimously referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions, and that committee came to the conclusion,
in the first place, that Congress had no right to do
it, as the matter had been disposed of; and, in the
next place, that it was contrary to all precedent to
do it. I wish to state, in addition, that a rumor
has been circulated, and it has come to my ears
by an honorable member of the Senate, not now
in his place, that a fraud has been committed by
the applicants for this bounty; that there was a
concealment of the fact that there were grand chil-
dren of Lieutenant Colonel Gray. I wish to state
that, by whomsoever such an allegation is made,
it is utterly without foundation. The circum-
stances and the situation of the grandchildren were
distinctly stated to the Committee on Pensions at
the very first application. It was represented that j
Mrs. Lynch, the grantee, was the only surviving
child; but that there were grandchildren was dis-
tinctly and unequivocally stated at the outset.
Now, I appeal to the Senate whether, inthisstage
of the case, when the law has passed both Houses
of Congress and been signed by the President also,
there should not be an end to the matter; and to
test the sense of the Senate, I move to lay the mo-
tion on the table.
Mr. BALDWIN. I hope the Senator will with-
draw that motion for a moment.
Mr. HALE. I will, if the Senator will renew
it.
Mr. BALDWIN. I wish to state to the Sen-
ate what knowledge I have in regard to this appli-
cation. My attention was first drawn to the bill
by the motion of the chairman of the Committee
on Pensions, at the last session, to take it up for
consideration. I looked into the report at that
time. The Senate unanimously consented that the
bill for the relief of Charlotte Lynch should then
be taken up. The chairman of the committee, on
the call for amendments by the President, remarked
that it needed no amendment. The unanimous |
consent of the Senate was asked for action upon
it at that time. It was given, and the bill passed
without debate. It passed the House of Repre-
sentatives at the present session. The bill as it
passed the Senate is founded upon a report, the
last clause of which I will read;
" But the committee are of opinion, third, that the right
to a fair equivalent for the loss sustained by these officers,
by the substitution of the commutation certificates for half
the pay for life, was a vested right, which descended la their 1
legal representatives; and that consequently, apart from
all other considerations, the legal representative of Lieut.
Col. EbenezerGray is entitled to a just and equitable allow-
ance as an equivalent for that to which he was entitled
under the resolution of 1780, which they think will be made
by the allowance of five years' full pay, and they accord-
ingly report a bill in her behalf to that effect."
The Senate acted upon this report. It does not
intimate that there were any other legal representa-
tives of Lieutenant Colonel Gray than Mrs. Char-
lotte Lynch. She is represented in the bill to be
| the sole surviving child of Colonel Gray. Had
' the Senate been informed that there were other
legal representatives of Colonel Gray, to whom
and due to the claimant, that there should be such , j his vested rights descended, than Mrs. Lynch, can
a statement. The petition was presented at the J there be a doubt that the Senate would, in doing an
ing the Committee on Pensions to inquire into the
justice and expediency of so amending the act for
the relief of Mrs. Charlotte Lynch as to provide
for the payment of one moity of the sum granted
to her to the children of her deceased brother. A
similar resolution, as I understand, had been agreed
upon to be reported by the Committee on Pensions
in the House of Representatives. It was with a
view of expediting the passage of a bill or of a
joint resolution that I feltit to be my duty, as an
act of justice to the descendants of the deceased
brother of Mrs. Lynch, to introduce this resolu-
tion, and to call the attention of the Committee on
Pensions to it.
It is said by the honorable Senator who re-
ported upon that resolution, that the legislation
upon this subject is finished, and that therefore
there ought to be an end of the claims of these
heirs. But, sir, is it not in the power of Congress,
until the money has been paid from the Treasury,
to do justice to all who shall appear to be equally
entitled to it? I agree that if this grant was made
as an act of bounty merely to Mrs. Charlotte
Lynch, the other descendants of Colonel Ebene-
zer Gray have no claim to it. But if it was made
as an act of justice, and not as an act of bounty,
then I say the other legal representatives of Colo-
nel Gray are wronged, and an injustice is done
to them unless they are permitted to come in and
participate in his vested right. It is not in the
power of Congress, if they would do justice by
his representatives, to discriminate in favor of one
to the rejection of the equal claims of the other,
and although we have passed the act, if it has
been passed by Congress without the interest of
others being made known by the report of the
j committee, or by the memorial of the petitioner
j upon which that report was made, it is within the
I power of Congress, until the money has been act-
' ually paid out by the officers of the Government,
\ to correct it; and in my judgment, it would be
• an act of gross injustice to these heirs, if Congress
i do not correct it when it is in their power. The
grant was not placed by the report at all upon the
footing of being an act of bounty or generosity.
No particular merits on the part of the recipient
of this grant, over those of die other representa-
tives of Colonel Gray, are mentioned by the com-
mittee. No reason was assigned by the oommit-
tee why there should be a discrimination between
those who have descended equally from this meri-
torious ancestor. Why, tnen, should Congress
throw this apple of discord into the midst of that
family to separate the different branches of it, as
must necessarily be the case if there is a feeling
that an act of injustice has been done to one
branch of the family upon the petition of another
branch, when the fact of their equal claims was
not made known to Congress in the report upon
which it acted. I hope the motion will be recon-
sidered.
I would state that, as far as I have personally
any sympathy for any of these parties, it has been
enlisted in favor of the representative of the
grantee under the act. She alone of them all is
personally known to me. The others are entirely
strangers. I did not know even of their existence
until I received the letter addressed to me after the
passage of this act.
Mr. BERRIEN. The sympathy which is called
for on this occasion is not for either branch of the
family of Colonel Gray. The feeling which this
occasion invokes <s a feeling of respect for the
laws of the land, of obedience to the authority of
the Government. Sir, this is the most extraordi-
nary proposition, in my judgment, that has ever
