660
THE CONGtfUESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 22,
been presented to any American Congress, or to j
any legislative assembly. What is this case1
The chfld of a widow parent twelve months ago,
appeared before the Congress of the United States
asking compensation for the services of her grand-
father, in behalf of that widowed parent. This
claim, pending during that length of time, repeat-
edly noticed in the public papers, made the subject
of commentary, and though passed here without
discussion, was yet amply, and earnestly, and fer-
vently discussed in the House of Representatives
since. The House of Representatives absolutely
adjourned over this question, or decision upon it
being waived for the purpose of enabling them to
adjourn. The subject was resumed in the House
at the present session. It was largely discussed,
and the whole state of the case presented before
the Committee on Pensions. The fact that this
lady was the only surviving child was stated, but
with it the other fact that there were surviving
grandchildren. By the assiduous efforts of the
individual presenting the petition, a favorable de-
cision has been obtained. These claimants under
the pretence of being ignorant of a proceeding
which was known throughout all the country, ana
published in all the papers, and made the subject
of various remarks, under the pretence of being
ignorant of this transaction, come, when it has
become a law of the land, and say, give us a
portion of that which we have had 110 agency in
acquiring.
If it stood upon that ground alone the feeling of
the American Senate would repel the application.
But it stands upon much higher grounds. What
is the proposition just made ? The claim of Char-
lotte Lynch has, by an act of Congress and the
President of the United States, become a law of
the land. The money which is given her by that
law is as much her private property as any other
portion of the little property which she possesses.
And what are you asked to do ? In violation of
that law, in violation of the rights of that individ-
ual, to put your hand upon that bill, to stay the
execution of that which is now a law of the land,
and to distribute that which is the private property
of Charlotte Lynch among other members of the
family. Upon what ground? On the ground of
the report of the Committee on Pensions.
Why, if the Congress of the United States
should be compelled to answer, ninety-nine out of <
• hundred would say they acted on their own opin-
ion and not upon the report of the committee; that
they considered themselves as giving a bounty
rather than complying with a vested right. But
it is quite indifferent what it is. It has passed
both Houses of Congress and has been signed by
the President, and become the law of the land. Is
it not the private property of the grantee? Can
you take that private property otherwise than for
the public use, and that upon a just compensation
being rendered?
But, again, the committee say that the legal
representative of Colonel Ebenezer Gray had a
vested right for indemnity from loss sustained by
the commutation. Who is the legal representa-
tive in a parliamentary sense, and the language of
the pension law? According to precedent, uni-
formly established by Congress, who is the legal
representative ? Can the Senator point to a single
instance in which Congress has gone beyond the
children of the deceased and meritorious officer?
Mr. BALDWIN. The committee report that
it was a vested right which descended to their legal
representatives.
Mr. BERRIEN. Exactly; I have heard that
read by the Senator with great force before, and I
am gratified in hearing it again. But the inquiry
is, who are the legal representatives, and who
have descended, in parliamentary language? I
say that Congress has always limited them in all
cases like this to the immediate issue of the de-
ceased officer; and you can find no instance in
which Congress has gone beyond the children to
the grandchildren. But, in my judgment, Con-
gress, and especially the Senate, owes it to itself
to assert its proper and constitutional authority on
this subject. Here is a bill which has become the
law of the land; upon the signature of that bill by
the President of tne United States, upon its pre- 1
seritment at the Treasury Department, the head
of that Department was bound to pay that money.
The hesitation to make the payment on account
.of any out-door influence is a disrespect to the
authority of Congress and the law of the land;
I hope the Senator will
and I hope the Senate will be disposed to assert
that authority by an instant repudiation of this
proposition. Therefore it is that I renew the mo-
tion to lay on the table.
Mr. UNDERWOOD.
withdraw that motion.
The motion was not withdrawn.
Mr. NORRIS. I call for the yeas and nays on
the motion to lav on the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and, being
taken, tney were as follow: j
YEAS—Messrs. Atcliiaon, Badger. Berrien, Bradbury,
Clarke, Clay, Davis of Massachusetts, Dawson, Davton,
Dickinson, Douglas, Downs, Ewini, Gwin, Hair, Hamlin, I
Jones, King, Mason, Miller, Pratt, Rusk, Seward, Shields, <
Spruance, Sturgeon, Wales, and Walker—88. 1
NAYS—Messrs. Baldwin, Borland, Bright, Butler, Cass,
Chase, Clemens, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, >
Felch, Hunter, Morris, Smith, Underwood, t'|ilmio, Wliit-
conik, and Yulee—17.
So the motion was agreed to.
bills from the house.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Young, their Clerk.
Mr. President : the House of Representati\es have
passed bills of the following lilies, in which they request
the concurrence of the Senate:
An act making appropriations for the payment of navy
pensions for the year ending the 30tlj of June, 1852 ;
An act making appropriations for the current and contin-
gent expenses o! the Indian Department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with the various Indian tribes for the
year ending June tlie 30th, 1852;
An act for the relief of A. Baudouin and A. D. Roberts,
of the city of New Orleans:
An act tor tlie relief of Rebecca Freeman, widow of
Pearson Freeman;
An act for the relief of William Lynch ;
An act for the relief of James Mains ;
An act for the relief of Isaac Downs;
An act for the relief of Gardner Herring;
An act for the relief of Sylvanus Blodget;
An act for the relief of Isaac Cobb;
An act for the relief of Martha Daineron ;
An act for the relief of Fielding G. Brown;
An act for the relief of Thomas Flanagan;
An act tor the relief of Jonas D. Piatt;
An act for the relief of Wm. Gove;
An act granting relief to Benjamin Cressey ;
An act for the relief of Lot Davis;
An act for the relief of Charles S. Mathews, Charles
Wood, and James Hall; and
A joint resolution providing for the adjustment of the
accounts of John D. Colmesnil, president of the ©hio and
Mississippi Mail-line Company.
RESCUE OF A FUGITIVE SLAVE IN BOSTON.
A message was received from the President of
the United States in answer to a resolution of the
Senate, submitted by Mr. Clay, in relation to the
rescue of a fugitive slave in Boston, which was
read by the Secretary.
Mr. CLAY addressed the Senate upon the sub-
ject of the message, and moved that it be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, that they may
ascertain what further legislation may be neces-
sary to carry out the provisions of the law.
A long debate ensued, in which Mr. HALE,
Mr. MASON, Mr. BUTLER, Mr. DICKINSON,
Mr. CASS, Mr. DAYIS, of Massachusetts, and
Mr. BADGER took part.
[For the Message of the President, and the de-
bate thereon, see the Appendix.]
Without disposing of the question,
The Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday. February 22, 1851.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, called the at-
tion of the Chair to the fact that the honorable
Robert Rantoul, Jr., who had been elected to fill
the vacancy occasioned by the resignation of the
honorable Daniel Webster, was present, and he
moved that Mr. Rantocl be now sworn.
Mr. Rantoul took the oath prescribed by law,
and his seat as a member of the body.
rescue of a slave in boston.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair considers that
the question under consideration is the motion
made by the Senator from Kentucky to refer the
communication received from the President of the
United States to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Being a part of the morning business, and coming
up as unfinished business, it comes up before the
regular order at one o'clock.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, I move to postpone
the further consideration of that question until to- |
morrow. I
Mr. CLAY. Sir, I hope that will net I10 done.
I am very sorry that there should be any inter-
ruption to any portion of the business of the Sen-
ate, but the question before us is the maintenance
of the laws of our country, and 1 know of no busi-
ness more important, more urgent, more demand-
ing the attention of the Senate. And then, sir, it
is proposed to refer the message, together with the
accompanying documents, to a committee, and
that committee must have some time to consider
and report; and when they shall have considered
and reported, we shall haveleftbuta very few days
of the session to act. I hope, therefore, that the
motion of the Senator from Texas will not pre-
vail, but that we shall proceed to vote upon it. 1
really, although the importance of the subject de-
mands a full investigation and there is matter
enough to talk about, have no desire to prolong
debate. I hope we shall proceed to consider and
to vote upon it, and let the reference take place.
Those gentlemen who have not yet been heard
upon it will thus have an opportunity, to which
tney are entitled, to be heard. I call for the yeas
and nays upon the question whether there shall
be any postponement or not.
Mr. HUNTER. I have a single suggestion to
make in relation to this matter. The state of the
public business is such' that I think we ought tn
avoid discussion until we relieve the President's
table of the bills that are upon it. Amongst them
are some general appropriation bills, which ought
to be referred to the Committee on Finance, that
they may go to work upon them. I am also ready
to report upon some bills which have been referred,
and in five minutes I think the Senate could dispose
of them, and then the discussion on this matter
might go on. I know that several gentlemen are
anxious to speak upon it, but if we commence
with that subject we shall do nothing else to-d y.
I hope, therefore, that it will be postponed for half
an hour by common consent, that we may act
upon bills which are of great importance.
Mr. CLAY. I have 110 sort of objection to the
bills upon the table being read and referred.
The PRESIDENT. By general consent, if that
is the wish of the Senate, the Chair will put the
bills upon their passage.
Mr. SEWARD. Before that is done.allowme
to relieve myself of apetition.
The PRESIDENT. Objection is made.
Mr. SEWARD. I do not object, but I claim
the right to relieve myself of a petition.
The PRESIDEN P. The gentleman cannot
present a petition at this time. That business will
not be in order until the unfinished business is dis-
posed of, but by unanimous consent. The unan-
imous consent of the Senate is asked to dispose of
bills upon the table.
Mr. SEWARD. Then I will not give my con-
sent unless I can relieve myself of this petition.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senator from New
York will not object. There are general appro-
priation bills which it is important to put upon
their passage.
Mr. SEWARD. The Chair will permit me to
say that he assumed that I objected without re-
ceiving my answer. I rose to express my dissent
if I could not be allowed to relieve myself of a pe-
tition.
The PRESIDENT. Then of course these bills
cannot be taken up, if the Senator objects. The
question was on postponement, but the Chair un-
derstood that by unanimous consent it was waived
for the present, to take up these appropriation
bills.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I do not un-
! derstand the Senator from New York to object, if
| it be decided that he has no right to present peti-
\ tions now, for the other subject would come up
and shut him out. He has no objection to post-
poning for half an hour until we can refer these
bills, and we can take up the revolutionary pen-
sion bill and the Military Academy bill, and dis-
pose of them in five minutes.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 hope the honorable Senator
from Texas will insist upon his motion to pos -
pone until we have gone through this business,
am prepared to vote upon the question
ponement. I am prepared to give my vote if
yeas and nays are called. I want no time to as-
sign any reasons. No reasons need be given.
Mr RUSK If I have not done so, I certainly
intended to withdraw my motion for the purpose
of taking up the bills which lie upon the table, by
