1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
661
unanimous consent. The only object 1 had in
view in making the motion to postpone to Monday
was to stifle debate. Yesterday tne subject came
op, and we had a debate of the whole day, and
the very same result will follow to-day. There
are several bills here before us, and amongst them
the important bill in relation to postage, which we
could take up and act upon in fifteen or twenty
minutes, and 1 think this is a favorable time. The
other matter excites much attention; many honor-
able Senators desire to be heard upon it, and they,
as a matter of course, looking forward to that,
would not be likely to debate the postage bill if
we can get that up. The postage bul is complete
except a slight amendment, and in my opinion it
caii be ordered to the third reading in ten minutes,
and that would enable us to dispose of it on Mon-
day. It cannot consume much time, for it has
been fully discussed. I hope it will be taken up.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope so.
Mr. RUSK. I have no hostility to the refer-
ence of the President's message which has been
proposed by the Senator from Kentucky, nor have
I ally objection to the investigation. We are in
an important crisis. The question is distinctly
presented whether the laws of the United States
are to be respected or entirely disregarded. Al-
though 1 regTet the consumption of time—although
I did regret that the whole of yesterday was con-
sumed with this subject, still it is a question which
involves, in my opinion, in its decision the peace
and happiness of the country, if not its very ex-
istence, and therefore I am willing to sit and listen
calmly to the discussion which may take place
upon it. I think the time spent in its discussion
profitably employed; but at the same time I do
hope we shall make such a disposition of it as will
enable us to get up this almost-completed bill,
which is ready to be voted upon, and then this
discussion can take place afterwards.
Mr. HUNTER. I have a suggestion to make,
and for that purpose I must appeal to the Senator
from Kentucky, as the Senator from New York
interposes an objection, and will not suffer us to
take up these matters during the morning hour. If
the Senator from Kentucky would consent to the
postponement of the question of reference of the
President's message until Monday, as it is certain
that it will give rise to debate, we could dispose
of many other matters. There are numerous pri-
vate bills from the House of Representatives
which we could refer, and thus put them in a train
for action by the Senate. We should also have an
opportunity, by general consent, to dispose of the
bill of the Senator from Texas. I have no doubt
that the Senate would agree to take a vote upon
that bill at a certain hour. If we were to devote
this day to these purposes, on Monday we could
come in, all of us, and take up the subject to
which the honorable Senator from Kentucky has
referred, and give it that attention which its impor-
tance deserves. That would facilitate the dispatch
of business very much, because it would enable
the Finance Committee to examine the bills now
upon the table, and it would enable the Senate to
dispose of those bills which the Committee on Fi-
nance is ready to report. The Senate would prob-
ably get the post office bill out of the way, and on
Monday we shall have a clear field for the consid-
eration of the motion of the Senator from Ken- ,
tucky. '
Mr. CLAY. I regret that I cannot agree with
the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter.] I
really must say that I know of no subject of more
importance than action upon that resolution.
None of the other questions comprehend the ex-
istence of the Government and the enforcement of
the law; but this question with reference to the
message, sir, involves the inquiry whether the
laws are to be executed in this country or not.
What more important question than that can arise ?
The honorable Senator from Virginia says that we
should have a clear field on Monday. Why, does
he not know that such is the mass of business
pressing upon both Houses that every day brings
up business of moment and consequence that we
are called upon to talte up and get through with ? !
When Monday comes, there will be other subjects I
demanding consideration. The motion laid upon j
the table yesterday, at the instance of the Senator j
from Tennessee, [Mr. Turkey,] with respect to i
a railroad in that State—that was expected to !
come up this morning, and will be brought up and I
considered, and I have no doubt will be acted upon. |
1 And, sir, with regard to the post office bill, 1 am
1 perfectly sure that gentlemen are totally mistaken
i in supposing that in the course of ten minutes it
can be disposed of. I hope, if the message of the
President is taken up and acted upon, it will not
occupy more than an hour. Having done that,
we can finish the work upon the President's table;
and all the work that the gentleman from Virginia
proposes can tie gone through with in the course
of the day.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, I now withdraw
my motion to postpone this matter. I hope, how-
ever, that the Senator from Kentucky and the
Senate generally will agree to the motion to make
it the special order of the day for to-day at one
o'clock. I am not going to submit the motion un-
less it is 
Mr. SEWARD. Will the Senator allow me?
My only object was to fevorthe Senator fromTexas
and the other Senators who are charged with busi-
. ness which I deem very important, and ofa general
nature, and to enable them to bring it before the
Senate. Since the Senator who is charged with
the post office bill is inclined to waive his proposi-
tion, it is never my disposition to set up my own
judgment in opposition to the Senate or those who
j are charged with responsible subjects. I with-
draw my opposition.
Mr. CLAY. T hope the bills upon the table
: will now be taken up and disposed of.
There being no objection, they were taken up
and referred as follows:
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills, received from the House
yesterday, were severally read a first and second
time by their titles and referred to the Committee
on Finance:
An act making appropriations for the payment
of navy pensions for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1852.
An act making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian department,
( and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with the vari-
ous Indian tribes, for the year ending June 30th,
1852.
| The following bills were severally read a first
and second time by their titles and referred to the
i| Committee of Claims:
;i An act for the relief of B. Baudouin and A. D.
' Roberts, of the city of New Orleans.
An act for the relief of Charles S. Mathews,
Charles Wood, and James Hall.
The following bills were severally read a first
and second time by their titles and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs:
An act for the relief of William Gove.
An act granting relief to Benjamin Cressey.
An act for the relief of Lot Davis.
The following bills were severally read a first
and second time by their titles and referred to the
Committee on Pensions:
An act for the relief of Rebecca Freeman.
An act for the relief of Thomas Flanagan.
An act for the relief of Jonas D. Piatt.
An act for the relief of Fielding G. Brown.
An act for the relief of Isaac Cobb.
An act for the relief of Martha Dameron.
An act for the relief of William Lynch.
An act for the relief of James Mains.
An act for the rejief of Isaac Downs.
An act for the relief of Gardner Herring.
An act for the relief of Sylvanus Blodget.
The following joint resolution was read a first
and second time by its title and referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads:
I A joint resolution providing .for the adjustment
of the accounts of John D. Colmesnil, president
of the Ohio and Mississippi Mail-line Company.
REVOLUTIONARY PENSION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to which was referred the bill making ap-
propriations for the payment of revolutionary and
I other pensioners of the United States for the year
ending 30th June, 1852, reported it back without
amendment, and asked its immediate considera-
: tion.
i No objection having been made, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider said bill as in Committee of the
Whole, and no amendment having been made, it
was reported to the Senate, ordered to a third read-
ing, and, by unanimous consent, was read a third
time and passed.
MILITARY ACADEMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER also, from the same committee,
to which was referred the bill making appropria-
tions for the support of the Military Acaaemy for
the year ending 30th June, 1852, reported back
the same with an amendment, inserting at the end
of the bill " for erecting riding hall, #12,000," and
asked for its immediate consideration.
No objection having been made, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider, as in Committee of the Whol ,
the said bill, with the amendment thereto. The
bill was then reported to the Senate, and the
amendment having been concurred in, it was or-
dered to be engrossed, and the bill, as amended,
was, by unanimous consent, read a third time and
passed.
RAILROAD IN MISSOURI.
The engrossed bill to grant to the State of Mis-
souri the right of way, and aportion of the public
land for the purpose of making a railroad from St.
Louis to the western limits of said State, was read
a third time and passed.
RESCUE OF A FUGITIVE SLAVE IN BOSTON.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
motion to refer the President's message And the
accompanying papers to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. DOWNS, who was entitled to the floor,
addressed the Senate, and was followed by Mr.
CLEMENS, Mr BORLAND, Mr. TURNEY,
Mr. CHASE, Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, Mr.
DOUGLAS, Mr. BUTLER, Mr. CASS, Mr.
MASON, and others, whose remarks will be found
in the Appendix.
Mr. BERRIEN. The peculiar position of the
State one of whose representatives I am, makes
me feel it my duty to state as briefly as I can, the
views which have been suggested, not so much
by the message of the President of the United
States, as by the range which this discussion has
taken; but I presume at this late hour [twenty
minutes past four o'clock] I shall best consult the
wishes of the Senate by moving that we do now
adjourn.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senator will withdraw
that motion, to enable me to introduce a bill to
go to a committee which will meet on Monday
morning.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will remind
the Senator that the question under consideration
is yet undisposed of.
Mr. BERRIEN. Cannot the matter which is
now before the Senate be, by universal consent,
laid aside a moment, to enable the Senator from
California to introduce his bill ?
The PRESIDENT. It can be done by unani-
mous consent, although it is somewhat irregular.
The Chaiv will throw no obstacle in the way.
Mr. RUSK. I hope that it will meet the con-
currence of Senators to postpone this question
until Monday, and make it the special order for
two o'clock on that day, and I make that motion.
Mr. BERRIEN. I will suggest to the Senator
from Texas that there is a great anxiety that this
matter should be brought to a close. It proposes
a reference to the Judiciary Committee. It is im-
portant that committee should have time to con-
sider it. If it be made the special order of the day
for Monday, it will be superseded by all other
special orders; but if it be passed over informally,
it will be the unfinished business on Monday, and
will come up first. ,
Mr. RUSK. That is the very difficulty I
wished to obviate; for I wished to afford an op-
portunity to get through the morning business.
Mr. BERRIEN. 1 beg to reiterate the idea of
the Senator from Kentucky—that there is no ques-
tion of more importance than the question whether
the laws of the land upon this subject, which has
so agitated the whole country, shall be executed.
I pray, then, that we may be allowed to pursne
such a course as will bring this subject to a close.
Mr. RUSK. I agree that this is a matter of
importance; and I think that if it be postponed to
two o'clock on Monday, we shall come to a con-
clusion upon it sooner than by not postponing it.
Rather than to have it come up in the morning,
to the exclusion of the morning business, and then
to take the entire jlay, I am willing to sit here
until ten o'clock to night. If it is not postponed,
I hope the Senate will not adjourn until it is de-
termined.
Mr. CLAY. I have reason to think that we
