662
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb 24,
cannot get through with this question to-day. If
there can be a general concurrence that it shall be
taken up at two o'clock on Monday, whatever
may be the state of business at that time, with the
concurrence of my friend from Georgia, 1 will ac-
cede to the arrangement.
Mr. RUSK. I hope that by general consent
that arrangement will be made.
Mr. BERRIEN. I will say with great cheer-
fulness that if there be such an understanding as
is suggested by the Senator from Kentucky, I will
cheerfully assent to postpone this question until
Monday, and make it the special order of the day
for two o'clock.
Mr. CLAY. And I will then move that when
the Senate meets, it shall meet at eleven o'clock.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I should be quite
willing to agree with the Senator from Georgia,
to postpone this question, if there was no one else
that wished to speak but himself; but there seem
to be many present who would be glad to go on
with the discussion. 1 think we had better get
through all that we can to-day, and reduce the de-
bate reserved for Monday as much as possible.
Mr. BERRIEN. I stated to the Senate that I
supposed I should best consult the wishes of the
Senate by moving an adjournment. If that is not
ho, I am willing that the Senate should take any
other course—either by going into executive ses-
sion, or in any other mode the Senate may please.
But I believe the mode suggested by the Senator
from Kentucky in the one which will tend to bring
this matter most speedily to a close.
Mr. CHASE. I hope that the motion will not
prevail, unless the Senator from Georgia desires,
for his own personal accommodation, that the
postponement shall take place. We have but
eight days more of the session; and it seems to me
that we had better dispose of this matter at this
time, and sit here until we have done it.
The question being taken upon the motion to
postpone, it was agreed to—ayes 25, noes not
counted.
INDIAN TREATY.
The PRESIDENT of the Senate laid before
the body a communication from the Secretaiy of
the Interior, in answer to a resolution of the Sen-
ate, transmitting a report of the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs in relation to a treaty concluded
with the Menominee tribe of Indians in 1830, ac-
companied by a copy of the treaty.
On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, ordered
that it be referred to the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. GW1N, in pursuance of notice, asked and
obtained leave to bring in a bill (S. 478) granting
lands to the State of California for seminaries,
seat of government, and county seat; which was
read a first and second time, by unanimous con-
sent, and referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands.
PUBLIC LANDS IN OHIO.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands, to which was referred the bill (S. 466)
to provide for the cession to the State of Ohio of
the unsold remainder of the public lands within
the limits of said State, reported it back with an
amendment.
HOUR OF MEETING.
On motion by Mr. RUSK, it was ordered that
the hour for the next meeting of the Senate be
eleven o'clock a. m.
P08T OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
A* message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Young, their Clerk, an-
nouncing to the Senate that the House had passed
the following bill, and asking the concurrence of
the Senate therein:
H. R. 438. An act making appropriations for
the service of the Post Office Department during
the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1852.
The bill was read a first and second time, by 1
unanimous consent, and referred to the Committee
on Finance I
NOTICE OF A BILL. j
Mr. MASON gave notice of his intention to ask !
leave to introduce a bill to amend the charter of
the city of Washington. ' I
CALIFORNIA BILLS.
Mr. GWIN. I wish to make an appeal to the 1
Senate. I shall, on Tuesday morning, move that!
the Senate take up three bills of the greatest im-
portance to the State of California. One is for the
establishment of a mint at San Francisco, which
has been reported upon favorably by the Commit-
tee on Finance, has once passed the Senate, and
will not, I hope, lead to five minutes discussion.
Another is the disposal of the civil fund of Cali-
fornia, reported upon also by the ^Committee on
Finance. This fund is in the most anomalous po-
sition. It is in the hands of the officers of the
army who have been waiting for weeks in this city
to settle their accounts with the War Department,
and cannot do it for the want of authority from
Congress. This money cannot be paid into the
Treasury of the United States, nor to the State of
California, where it rightfully belongs, and where
I hope and believe it will go, until Congress di-
rects what disposition shall be made of it. The
third bill is to provide for the survey of the public
lands in California, and to grant donations to ac-
tual settlers, reported from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands—a measure of the greatest importance,
and indispensably necessary to extend the laws of
the United States in regard to the public domain to
that State, and grant its citizens the same privi-
leges that have been accorded to their brethren and
neighbors in Oregon. 1 do not think these meas-
ures will occupy the half of one of our sittings;
but they are of infinite importance to my constitu-
ents, and if not soon acted on may oe lost, if
passed here, in the other House, for want of time
to properly examine them.
MEMORIAL8 AND PETITIONS.
Mr. BORLAND. I hope the Senate will indulge
me in making a couple of reports which I have
had on my desk two days.
The PRESIDENT. Petitions and memorials
are first in order.
Mr. DOUGLAS. As petitions are announced
to be in order, 1 ask leave to present two petitions
of citizuns of Kane county, Illinois, remonstra-
ting against an extension of the patent granted to
C. H. McCormick for a reaping machine.
The petition was referred to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. WHITCOMB presented a joint resolution
of the Legislature of Indiana, in relation to the
erection of a building for the accommodation of the
United States court, the post office, and land office;
which was referred to tne Committee on Finance.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Monday, February 24, 1851.
The House met at eleven o'clock. The Journal
of Saturday was read and approved.
Mr. VAN DYKE asked the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution:
Whereas the Senate, by its resolution of September 38th,
1850, paid to their Chaplain the sum of $83 33 for extra
compensation more than was paid to the Chaplain of the
House for like services; therefore—
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House pay out of the
contingent fund thereof, to the Rev. R. R. GuRLEY,the sum
of $83 33 as additional compensation for his services du-
ring the last session of Congress.
Mr. JONES objected.
Mr. VAN DYKE moved to suspend the rules,
in order to enable him to introduce the resolution.
The SPEAKER stated the motion to suspend
the rules was not now in order, as there was a
motion pending to reconsider.*
Mr. BURT called for the regular order of busi-
ness, but withdrew his demand, to enable
Mr. HOLMES to ask the unanimous consent
of the House to report from the Committee on the
Library the resolution of the Senate for the dis-
tribution of an additional volume of the Annals of
Congress. He said that these books were very
valuable, and would have to be returned unless
this resolution was passed.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, objected.
Mr. HOLMES moved to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER said that he had already deci-
ded that that motion was not in order.
Mr. GIDDINGS asked for and obtained leave
to withdraw certain papers from the files of the
House.
Mr. BURT called for the regular order of busi-
ness.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
The SPEAKER stated that the regular order of
business was the pending motion made by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cartter,] to lay on the
table the motion to reconsider the vote by which
the House had agreed to lay the fortification ap-
propriation bill upon the table, made liy the gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly.]
Mr. BAYLY demanded the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
j, Mr. JONES moved a call of the House, and on
that motion demanded the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered.
The question being taken on Mr. Jones's mo-
tion, it was decided in the negative—yeas 57, nays
92—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Andrews, Bingham, Bowlin,
1 Wm. J. Brown, Uuel, Burt, Butler, Joseph Cable, Cleve-
land, W. R. W. Cobb, Daniel, Danner, Dimmick, Doty,
Durkee, Alexander Evans, Feathrrsion, Fitch, Gilinore,
Goodenow, Hamilton, Harlan, Thomas I,. Harris, Hebard,
Hibbard, Hilliard, Holmes, Jones, Iiittlelield, McClemand,
McLanahan, R. M. McLane, Mcllueen, John K. Miller,
Daniel F. Miller, Morris, Morrison, Morse, Orr, Parker,
Peaslee, Penri, Phelps, Pitman, Richardson, Robinson,
Ross, Spaulding, Sweetspr, Taylor, Jacob Thompson, Un-
derhill, Van Dyke, Wallace, Wentworth, Whittlesey,
Woodward, and Young—57.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Anderson, Ashmuti,
Bayly, Beale, Bowie, Boyd, Briggs, Brisbin, Brooks, Bur-
rows, E. C. Cabell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Campbell, Cartter,
Casey, Chandler^ Clinginan, Cole, Conger, Corwin, Crow-
ell, Deberry, Dickey, Dixon, Edmundson, Eliot, Nathan
Evans, Ewing, Freedley, Giddings, Gilbert, Gott, Greeit,
Grinnell, Hall, Halloway, Hampton, Isham G. Harris, Hay,
Henry, Holladay, Houston, Howard, Howe, Hunter, Joseph
W. Jackson, Andrew Johnson, James L. Johnson, Julian,
George G. King, James G. King, John A. King, Leffler,
Job Mann, Marshall, Mason, McGaughey, Moore, Morton,
Nelson, Newell, Olds, Otis, Outlaw, Owen, Peck, Phoenix,
Potter, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds, Risley, Robbins, Rock-
well, Rose, Ruinsey, Sackett, Sawtelle, Schermerhorn,
Seddon, Silvester, Sprague, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard
H. Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens, Thaddeus Stevens,
Stetson, Strong, Thomas, James Thompson, Thurman,
Toombs, Tuck, Walden, Waldo, Watkins, White, Wil-
drick, and Williams—9-2.
So a call of the House was not ordered.
The question was then taken on Mr, Cartter rs
motion to lay the motion to reconsider on the ta-
ble, and it was decided in the affirmative—yeas
101, nays 87—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Allen, Anderson, Bingham?
Bissell, Bowlin, Boyd, Brisbin, William J. Brown, Butler,
Joseph Cable, George A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell,
Campbell, Cartter, Cleveland, Clingman, W. K. W. Cobb,
Conger, Corwin, Crowell, Danner, Deberry, Dimmick,
Doty, Dunham, Durkee, Edmundson, iv. Evans, Feather-
ston, Fitch, Giddings, Gilbert, Gilmore, Gott, Gould, Green,
Hall, Haralson, Harlan, Isham G. Harris, Thomas L. Har-
ris, Haymond, Hebard, Henry, Howe, Hunter, Andrew
j Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Jones, Julian, Horace Mann,
1 Job Mann, Marshall, McClemand, McDonald, McGaughey,
McLanahan, McQueen, McWillie, Meade, John K. Miller,
Daniel F. Miller, Morehead, Morris, Morrison, Morse,
Ogle, Olds, Orr, Outlaw, Owen, Phelps, Potter, Powell,
Reed, Richardson, Robinson, Root, Sacket, Schoolcraft,
Richard H. Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens, Thaddeus
Stevens, Strong, Sweetser, Thomas, Jacob Thompson,
James Thompson, Toombs, Walden, Waldo, Wallace,
Watkins, Whittlesey, Wildrick, and Young—101.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Alston, Ashmun, Bayly,
Bocock, Bowie, Breck, Briggs, Brooks, Buel, Burrows,
Burt, E. C. Cabell, Casey,Chandler, Cole, Daniel, Dickey,
Dixon, Duncan, Eliot, Alexander Evans, Ewing, Fuller,
Gentry, Goodenow, Grinnell, Halloway, Hamilton, Ham-
mond, Hampton, Hay, Hibbard, Hilliard, Holladay, Holmes,
Houston, Howard, Joseph W. Jackson, William T. Jack-
son, James L. Johnson, Kerr, George G. King, James
G. King, John A. King, La S&re, Leffler, Levin, Little-
field, Mason, Matteson, McKissock. Robert M. McLane,
Millson, Moore, Morton, Nelson, Newell, Otis, Parker,
Peaslee, Peck, Penn, Phcenix, Putnam, Risley, Robbins,
Rockwell, Rose, Ross, Rumsey, Sawtelle, Schermerhorn,
Seddon, Shepperd, Silvester, Sprague, Frederick P. Stan-
ton, Stetson, Thurman, Tuck, (Jnderhill, Van Dyke, Vin-
ton, White, and Williams—87.
POST ROUTE BILL.
Mr. POTTER gave notice of his intention to
report the post route bill to-morrow morning, and
expressed a hope that members who desired to offer
amendments to the bill would be prepared to do
so.
THE FIVE MINUTES RULE.
Mr. BAYLY asked the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a resolution to suspend for
the remainder of the session, the rule which allows
! that " when debate is closed by the order of the
House,anymembershall be allowed in commit ee
five minutes to explain any amendment he may
offer."
Several Members objected.
Mr. BAYLY moved to suspend the rules to
enable him to introduce that resolution.
Mr. HALL demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. MASON inquired whether amotion to sus-
pend the rules was in order?
, The SPEAKER stated that it was nori«.
I The Chair had decided that the prior mot ons this
I morning to suspend the rules were n
