1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
663
pending the motion to reconsider; but that having
been disposed or, a motion to suspend the rules
was now in order.
The yeas and nays were then taken on the mo-
tion to suspend the rules, and were—yeas 100,
nays 88; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Andrews, Ashmun, Bayly,
Bennett, Bowie, Breck, Briggs, Brooks, Ballard, Bur-
rows, Butler, Joseph P. Caldwell, Campbell, Casey, Chan-
dler, Clarke, Cole, Conger, Corwin, Crowell, Danner,
Dixon, Duncan, Eliot, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans,
Freedley, Gentry, Gilmore, Goodenow, Gott, Gould, Grin-
Bell, Holloway, Hammond, Hampton, Hay, Haymond,
Henry, Hibhnril, Hilliard, Holmes, Houston, Howard,
Howe, Hunter, James L. Johnson, George G. King, James
G. King, John A. Kiiw,l>e(fler, Horace Mann, McGaughey,
McKissock, Robert M. McLane, Meacham, Meade, Daniel
F. Miller, Millson, Moore, Morehead, Nelson, Newell,
Ogle, Outlaw, Peck, Pitman, Potter, Putnam, Reed, Rey-
nolds, Risley, Rockwell, Rose, Ross, Rumsey, Sawtelle,
Sclienck, Schermerborn, Shepperd, Silvester, Spaulding,
Sprague, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Alex-
ander H. Stephens, Stetson, Strong, Thurman, Toombs,
Tuck, Underbill, Van Dyke, Vinton, Walden, Watkins,
White, Whittlesey, and Williams—100.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Allen, Alston,
Averett, Beale, Bell, Bingham, Bissell, Bocock, Bowlin,
Boyd, Bart, Edward C. Cabell, Joseph Cable, George A.
Caldwell, Cartter, Cleveland, Clingman, W. R. W. Cobb,
Daniel, Debenry, Dickey, Dimmick, Dunham, Durkee, Ed-
mundson, Fitch, Fuller, Giddings, Gilbert, Gorman, Greea,
Hall, Hamilton, Haralson, Harlan, Isbam G. Harris, Tho-
mas L. Harris, Hebard, Holladay, Joseph W. Jackson,
Andrew Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Jones, Julian, La
Sire, Levin, Littlefield, Job Mann, Marshall, Mason, Mat-
teson, McCleraand, McDonald, McDowell, McMullen, Mc-
Queen, McWillie, Morris, Morrison, Morse, Morton, Olds,
Orr, Otis, Parker, Peaslee, Penn, Phelps, Phrenii, Bobbins,
Robinson, Root, Sackett, Schoolcraft, Seddon, Thaddeus
Stevens, Sweetser, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Waldo,
W allace, W ell born, Went worth, Wildrick, W oodward, and
Young—88.
So, two thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
On motion by Mr. BAYLY, the rules were sus-
pended, and the House resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Burt, of South Carolina, in the chair.)
On motion by Mr. BAYLY, the committee took
up for consideration the civil and diplomatic ap-
propriation bill.
Mr. BAYLY suggested that, as it was a very
long bill, the reading of it in chief be dispensed
with, and that the committee take it up and con-
The it was a bill of
forty-three pages, containing more than one thou-
sand lines, and that, if there was no objection, the
reading would be dispensed with.
No objection being made, the Clerk then read
the first paragraph of the bill.
Mr. BAYLY said that he would not detain the
committee with a speech; but he felt it his duty to
call the attention of the members of the House,
and more especially of those who had become
members since the adoption of the five minute
rule, to a statement that he wished to make. He
was desirous of showing the committee that unless
that rule was suspended, they would not be able
to pass all the appropriation bills, or even get
through the civil and diplomatic bill.
Mr. CARTTER called the gentleman to order,
on the ground that he was not addressing the com-
mittee on the subject of the bill.
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of or-
der.
Mr. BAYLY said he was surprised that the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cartter] should sup-
pose that, in opening the debate upon abill, it was
out of order to make suggestions as to the best
mode of passing it. He held in his hand a state-
ment that had been furnished him by the Clerk,
> by which it appeared, that at the last session of
Congress, when, as was known to the House, that
it was a very late period before that bill could be
got up, and when, as it was also well known, that
the House was wearied out with protracted ses-
sions, and when the day of adjournment had been
fixed, the general debate on the civil and diplomat-
ic bill had been stopped on the 16th of August,
and did not pass until the 27th, making eleven
days from the time the general debate was stopped
until the bill was passed, under the operation of
this five minute rule. His recollection was, that
from the period of the adoption of the five minute
rule, down to this time, the House had never got
through a five minutes' debate on the bill in less
than ten or twelve days. Soin reference to the navy
appropriation bill. At the very last Congress,
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vinton,] who
was then chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, although constantly appealing to the House,
as he (Mr. B.) was now, could not get the Navy
bill through in less than eight days, under the five
minute rule. And so also with the Army bill. It
had invariably taken four or five days, under the
five minute rule. Now, from this statement, the
House must see that unless the five minute rule
was suspended it was utterly impossible to pass
these bills. So that after this day, such gentlemen
as intended to insist pertinaciously upon that rule
would, in his opinion, make themselves responsi-
ble to the country for the defeat of these bills, and
the special session of Congress, which would be
inevitable.
It might not be known to all the members of the
House that this five minute rule was one of recent
origin. For many years after he (Mr. B.) be-
came a member of this House there existed no
such rule, and what he was now proposing was
simply, in view of the press of business, and the
short period of the session still remaining, to re-
turn to the practice of the House which ob-
tained from the foundation of the Government.
He felt it his duty to make this statement, to re-
lieve himself from the responsibility of the failure
of the public business if it should occur.
Mr. OTIS (interposing) inquired of the gentle-
man from Virginia if, at the period to which he
referred, there was any rule by which debate
could be stopped?
Mr. BAYLY. Certainly. It was at the last
session of Congress 
Mr. OTIS said that he was speaking in refer-
ence to the time when this five minute rule did not
exist. What he wished to know was, whether,
at that period, there was any means of stopping
debate ?
Mr. BAYLY replied that certainly there was.
Mr. VINTON said that the practice of the
House had been to stop debate by order of the
House—the House passing a resolution to stop de-
bate.
Mr. BAYLY would repeat, that at the last ses-
sion of Congress, it was eleven days from the pe-
riod when the general debate was stopped by a
resolution of the House before the bill was passed
under this five minute rule; and he could say, with
perfect confidence, that unless the five minute rule
was now rescinded, the House could not possibly
get through with the civil and diplomatic bul, much
less with the Army and Navy appropriation bills.
It was very disagreeable to him to be presenting
himself in the attitude seemingly of dragooning
the House; but he could not help it. He had a
1 duty to perform, and disagreeable aa it was, he
; should continue to perform it.
I FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
Mr. McCLERNAND obtained the floor, and
] said: It is not my purpose, at this time, to enter
into any discussion on the bill immediately before
, the committee; but I design to offer some remarks
j upon another subject, which I take to be open to
debate upon this bill. I refer to the proposal of
indemnifying American citizens for spoliations
committed upon their property'by the French
prior to the year 1801 
Mr. McDONALD raised the point of order,
that according to the rule of the House in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, a
member must speak to the question immediately
under consideration. But the gentleman from Il-
linois had indicated his intention not to speak to
that question, and that consequently he was out of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is obliged to
overrule the point of order made by the genueman
from Indiana; and he assures the committee that
he will immediately call a member to order when-
ever, in his opinion, he violates the rules, and he
will do all that is in his power to expedite the
business of the House. The usage has been so
long established, is so inveterate, and so well
founded, that a gentleman in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union may speak to any
matter of public policy that he chooses, that the
Chair cannot undertake to restrain him.
Mr. McDONALD appealed from the decision
of the Chair.
Mr. HALL called for tellers upon the appeal;
and tellers were ordered.
Mr. CASEY requested the Chair to state what
the point of order was, and what was the decision
appealed from.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania what is the
question of order. The House is now in Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
has proceeded to the consideration of the civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill. The gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. McClernand] rises and signi-
fies to the committee his intention to speak upon a
question of public policy which does not necessa-
rily relate to this bill 
Mr. COBB, of Alabama—and that is not before
the House.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I will say that I pro-
pose also to consider the effect that this bill will
probably have upon the finances of the country.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Illi-
nois expresses his intention to speak of a bill
which he describes as a bill to makecompensation
for French spoliations. The Chair feels it due
to himself to say, and appeals to every mem-
ber of the committee to sustain him in the asser-
tion, that it has been the uniform practice of the
House, when the House resolves itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
that gentlemen may speak to any question of pub-
lic policy whatever, and the longest debates which
have ever taken place in the American Congress
have taken place on this bill. The Chair, there-
fore, overrules the point of order.
Mr. COBB wished to inquire if the committee
had not a few days since ruled the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Stanton] out of order under pre-
cisely similar circumstances?
The CHAIRMAN. I cannot say.
Mr. COBB said that the committee had done so.
They had ruled the gentleman from Tennessee out
of order, when he was about to speak on the post
office appropriation bill.
The ^question on the appeal, Shall the decision
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the commit-
tee? was then taken by tellers, (Messrs. Cable,
of Ohio, and Hunter acting,) and was decided in
the affirmative—ayes 80, noes 73.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained as
the judgment of the committee.
Mr McCLERNAND then opposed the French
spoliation bill, and stated the general grounds of
his opposition to it. He insisted that the Ameri-
can Government not only did not recognize its
liability for these claims under the treaty with
France, but it further appeared that it did not in-
tend to do so. The French having violated the
treaty on which the claims were originally based,
we were absolved from all obligation. The claims,
in addition, were extinguished by the operation of
war. The Supreme Court of the United States
settled this question. In summing up his argu-
ments, he said that the five millions of dollars pro-
posed to be appropriated would cause embarrass-
ment to the Treasury, and that the money would
not go to the original claimants, but into the pock-
ets of speculators and claim agents, whose influ-
ence appeared to render this measure irresistible.
[See Appendix for this speech.]
Mr. McC. having concluded,
Mr. VINTON next obtained the floor, and said:
1 am very well satisfied that what was said by the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
is entirely true, and that it is impossible to get
through with the appropriation bills unless debate
is stopped upon this bill. And, in my opinion, we
cannot get through With them without the suspen-
sion of the five minutes rule. I think that we ought
not to spend any further time in general debate
upon this bill, and I therefore move that the com-
mittee rise, with a view to offer a resolution to ter-
minate the general debate upon the bill.
The question was then taken, and the motion
was agreed to.
So the committee rose, and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the chairman of the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union reported
progress.
Mr. VINTON offered the usual resolution to
close debate upon the civil and diplomatic appro-
priation bill within thirty minutes after the com-
mittee again resume the consideration thereof.
Mr. OTIS moved to amend the resolution by
striking out thirty, and inserting five in lieu thew-
of.
Mr. BURT called for the previous question.
The previous question received a second, and
