664
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 24,
the main question was ordered; which main ques- I
tain was first upon agreeing to the amendment.
The question was taken on the amendment, and
it was not agreed to; and the original resolution
was then agreed to.
On motion by Mr. VINTON, the rules were sus-
pended, and the House again resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the suite of the Union.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, next obtained
the floor. He indicated the topics of a speech
which he intended to make the other day, while
the bill for the establishment of a line of steamers
from California to China was pending. He spoke
in favor of lines to connect the United States with
the great divisions of the globe. As to the gen-
eral propriety of such a system, he referred to one
fact. South Carolina has established a line of
steamers connecting her with Europe. It was not
necessary to say anything as to the particular de-
sign of that State, but he supposed she was pre-
paring for a separate state of existence. Whether
she contemplates this immediately or not, the fact
that she is prepared for such a line is significant of
the general propriety of the policy. England, he
had oeen informed, is quietly laying the keels of
vessels designed to command thegreat trade of the
Pacific ocean; and he had been told that the sub-
ject of a line to Africa had been agitated in Great
'Britain. The idea was awakened no doubt by the
proposition he reported during the last session of
Congress.
[For speech of Mr. Stantov, see Appendix.]
Mr. NEWELL next obtained the floor. He
said it was not his intention to speak upon the bill
legitimately before the committee, but to avail
himself of the latitude usually allowed to debate
when in Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, a few remarks upon that portion of the
report of the Secretary of the Interior which re-
lates to the establishment"of an Agricultural Bu-
reau and the purchase of the Mount Vernon es-
tate by the Government. Air. N. then addressed
the House at some length in favor of both these
measures. [A report of his speech will be found
in the Appendix.]
Mr. JOHN A. KING followed in reply to the
speech of Mr. McClerjiand, and in favor of in-
demnifying the sufferers by the French spolia-
tions.
Mr. K. having concluded,
Mr. MORSE next addressed the committee on
the same side of the question, and in further reply
to Mr. McCleknaxd. [All these speeches will
be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. MORSE having concluded
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, addressed a few
remarks to the committee in reference to the sys-
tem of light-houses at present in use in the United
States. He stated that that system had, years
since, been rejected elsewhere by the civilized
world at large; and that it was universally con-
ceded to be the worst an el most expensive system
that had ever been adopted. The reflecting light
used in the United States system, was not only
the least effective, but the most expensive. In
1832, it had been rejected by the British nation,
and the lens system had been substituted for it.
Not only had the change been found to increase
the utility of the system, but also greatly to de-
crease the amount of expense. The proportion of
light afforded by the reflecting light was as 17 to
85 by the lens; whilst, at the same time, owing to
the immense quantity of oil consumed, the cost of
maintaining tne former was two and a half tim$s
greater than the latter. He (Mr. E.) would there-
fore give notice that he would, at the proper time,
move an amendment to the bill, authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to effect such changes
in the light-house system as the interest of the
public might seem to demand.
Mr. BAYLY having a right to close the de-
bate, said that he was very desirous of making
some remarks concerning a few provisions of this
bill, but the time was so precious that he would
forbear doing so.
The Clerk reported the first item of the bill, as
follows:
For compensation and mileage of Senators, Members of
the House of Representatives, and Delegates, $835,040:
Provided, That the mileage of Senators, Representatives,
and Delegates, shall hereafter be computed on the route by
which the mails are transported from the Capitol to the res-
idence of such Senator, Representative, or Delegate : rfnd
%°™e*further, That no such iqember of either branch of
the Rocky Mountains, shall re-
more than i|l,000 mileage for each session, and no .
such Member or Delegate residing west of the Rocky
Mountains, shall receive more than $3,000 mileage for each
session ; nor shall any member of the Senate receive mile- ,
age for any session ot that body which may be called with-
in thirty day* after the adjournment of both Houww of Con-
gress, unless the travel lor which such mileage ii charged
liaj actually been performed.
Mr. McDONALD moved to amend the section
by inserting in line twelve, before the word'' route,''
the word " nearest."
Mr. McD. said: I offer the amendment for this
purpose. That clause of the bill as it now stands
is indefinite. It provides that the mileage shall
be paid to the members of the House and Senate
upon the route by which the mails are transported
from the Capitol to the residence of such Senator i
or Representative. Now, sir, there is scarcely a 1
member upon this floor that may not compute the
mileage that he may be entitled to under the section >
as reported by the Committee of Ways and Means,
upon at least half a dozen routes. If there was
but one single route by which the mails could be
transported from Washington city to the residence
of the members, this section as reported hy the
committee would be definite. But, sir, taking my
own section of the country as an example, we nave
its northern and eastern and southern routes.
The mails are transported by way of New York,
passing down the lakes and coming down our ca-
nals into the interior of the State. Again: they
are taken direct through to Wheeling. And
again: they come south, down by the Ohio river.
Now, sir, if it is intended to make a reform upon
the subject of mileage, such as shall be fair and
equal in its operations, no man can shut his eyes
to the fact that the present law is unequal and
unfair, and liable to abuse.
i I wish the reform to be of such a character as
not to give rise to the abuses to which the old sys-
! tem has been liable. If the amendment which I
! have proposed is adopted, this mileage will be
computed upon the nearest mail route; and the
Committee on Mileage will have nothing to do in
ascertaining the amount of mileage to which each
member is entitled, but to ascertain from the Post
Office Department what is the nearest mail route
from Washington city to his place of residence.
, I suppose that is intended to equalize what has
been regarded as an unequal distribution of the
j pay of members under the present system. But
j where there are, as there are in many States, dis-
| tributing offices at various points, in place of re-
ducing the distances for which a member will be
, entitled to charge, the bill, as it now stands, will
j increase it. It is well known that when a letter
: is transported beyond a State or Territory, it is
i first entered at the distributing office within the
State, if such offices exist, where the individual
resides to whom it is addressed, and that may take
it directly away even further from Washington
city than the residence of the member. The mail
being transported from Washington city to the
residence of a member of my own State who lives
on the eastern border, would naturally go to the
distributing office, which is some fifty or sixty miles
' further than his residence, and would then return
again. So that, computed by the mail route, that
member would be entitled, under the construction
given to this bill, to draw double mileage for a
route that he never traveled. If a reform, as I have
said before, is to be made, let it be made on such
terms as shall give a definite and fixed character
to the amount.
[Here the Chairman's hammer Fell.]
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, wished to call
the attention of the House to the fact, that this
mileage question, annoying as the subject in itself
■ was, and little as there was in it to commend it to
! the attention, or even the respectful consideration
' of the House, had been discussed and debated
over and over again. He therefore hoped that no
gentleman who was opposed to any change in
regard to mileage would make any speech con-
cerning it at all, or enter into any discussion con-
J cerning it.
' Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, moved to amend
the amendment by striking out the word " near-
est," and insert "usual."
He agreed, he said, in the general object pro-
posed by the gentleman from Indiana in that
amendment, but he did not think it wise to say
the " nearest" mail route. To sav the " usual
mail route would be better; and if" the gentleman ,
would accept of that modification, he vyould not
propose his amendment.
Mr. McDONALD would be very happy to ac-
cept the amendment, but for the fact, that it would,
in his estimation, place the law just as it now
was, and liable to the same inequalities.
The CHAIRMAN stated that debate on the
part of the gentleman from Indiana was not now
in order.
Mr. STEPHENS said that he had no further
remarks to make, and hoped that the House
would adopt his amendment, to put in the word
"usual " in place of the word "nearest."
Mr. McDONALD. I wish to say one word in
opposition to the amendment. The law as it now
stands requires that the mileage to be paid to
members snail be computed upon the most usually
traveled road; and it is well known that the sys-
tem of computing upon the most usually traveled
road gives a very great latitude in selecting the
route. There are different routes from all places
of residence to Washington city, some longer and
some shorter. From my own residence, for in-
stance, there are three routes. The one most
usually traveled, at certain seasons of the year, is
not the one most usually traveled at certain other
seasons. For instance, in Summer, the most
usually traveled route is to go up the canal to the
' lakes, down the lakes, and by that way to New
York. But in the Winter season that route is
closed up; and, consequently, in Winter the east-
ern route, through the State of Ohio, and up the
Ohio river, is the most usual route. The same
difficulty would occur if the words, "the usual
' route by which the mails are transported" were
inserted, because there may be one route differing
, in length from another route, leaving the member
in computing his mileage, and the committee in
i adjusting it, to select between several routes which
is the most usual one. But if " the nearest route "
is inserted as the one upon which the mileqge
■ shall be computed, then the Committee on Mileage
will have nothing to do but to ascertain from tne
Post Office Department what is the nearest mail
route to the member's residence, and it will be a
mere calculation to ascertain what the amount of
mileage due to him is.
The question was then taken on the amendment
to the amendment proposed by Mr. Stephens,
and it was agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. McDonald's
j amendment as amended, and it was also agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN moved to amend the section
by inserting, after the word " call,"in line 22, the
I words " to meet."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FITCH moved to amend by inserting in
the 12th line, after the word "route," the words
"as reported by the Post Office Department."
Mr. F. said that long acquiescence in the pres-
ent law had given it the strength which pertains
to most ancient usages. It has the strength not
only of law, but of custom. The motives of mem-
bers attempting a change in the existing law are
very apt to be impugned. But no fear of misrep-
resentation of motives should deter us from what
we deem right. As an individual he desired a
: change; as chairman of the Committee on Mileage,
I and therefore supposed to know somewhat of the
practical operation of the present law, it wtts his
duty to urge a change. Any proposed change will
j be far more likely to be successful, if made as
' is this, in th£ form of an amendment to the general
; appropriation bill, than if brought forward as a
separate bill. A separate bill might never be
reached for final action in taking its regular course,
; or might be defeated here, or in the Senate.
! This (appropriation) bill, from its privileged
character, must be reached, and we scarce dare
j defeat it. The opponents of mileage reform, how-
ever willing they may be to defeat a separate bill
j for that purpose, will hardly dare defeat a general
appropriation bill because it may contain a reform
clause. The present law gives mileage by "the
j usually traveled road." There is no latitude, no
j option, with the Mileage Committee. Their im-
' perative duty, under the law and custom, is o
compute mileage by the "usually traveled roa .
They have first, in each individual c®se as? "
tain what that road is. It is extremely
! do this. There is no reliable source from w
| to obtain the information. Members are.in,mfiJ21
| instances themselves unable to give it. An ,
the route is ascertained, it is still more^ difficu
ascertain the distance to each member s resi
by that route. And the routes themselves are an-
