666
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 24,
tors were ^ood vouchers in his hfinds. Still the
First Comptroller refused to allow the credit. At
the last session of Congress the civil and diplo-
matic appropriation bill, as it passed this House,
contained a clause, " .Nor shall any member (/the
Senate rettitt mileage for my session of that body
which may be called within thirty days after the ad-
journment of both flotues of Congress, unless the travel
for which such mileage is charged has been actually
pefuruted." This correct ana iust provision was
stricken out in the Senate, and another inserted,
which is, that ".4U certificates which have been or
may be granted by the Presiding Officers of the
Senate and House of Representatives, respectively, of
the amount of compensation due to the members of
their several Houses, and to such Delegates, are, and
ought to be, deemed, held, and taken, and are hereby
declared to be conclusive upon all the departments and
officers qf the Government of the United States."
The House concurred in this striking out and in-
serting. The Senate had all their own way, and
passed their provision making the certificate of the
Presiding Officer conclusive upon the -accounting
officers and all others. Their Secretary's accounts
were settled, and the Senators who had improp-
erly received, retained the constructive, and for
that travel double mileage.
It is to correct this that the provisions of the
bill and my amendment are both intended. If
nothing be done, if the law remain as it is, for
every called Executive session of the Senate, con-
structive mileage will be paid to the members.
Senators will consider themselves instructed to
take it—the next time there will be no exception.
It should not be so. I hope the law will not be
permitted to remain; but rather, that the House
will adopt the amendment proposed, pass the bill
with it in it, send it to tne Senate as the de-
clared will of their constituents and ours. And if
the Senate strike it out, let as here non-concur. If
they insist upon their amendment striking out, let
us adhere to our non-concurrence, even to the loss
of the bill. Satisfy them that we are in earnest,
and my word for it we will succeed in equalizing
the mileage, and in correcting this constructive
mileage abuse.
Mr. TOOMBS said that he was opposed to the
amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Jones.] One of the ways by which any
reform had been defeated in this House, had been
by attempting too much at a time. This amend-
ment went iust as far as reform could go; and the
fentleman himself must know, as everybody must
now, that a retrenchment to that extent could
not be carried bythe House, nor, in his(Mr.T.'s)
judgment, ought it to be carried. He did not
think that the amount of compensation was by >
any means too great, but its inequality was one of ,
its greatest difficulties. The object of this amend-
ment was twofold: First, to prevent the baseness
of the Senate in taking mileage for extra sessions,
which was a standing degradation to all but one
member of that Senate for twenty years, but
adopted during the last six years by the whole
body. Another object of the amendment was, to
prevent the circuitous charges which had discred-
ited a great many gentlemen on this floor, by es-
tablishing a fixed rule. These were the objects
proposed by the committee in this amendment of
the law. It had been said that the Senate would
reject a provision like this. He (Mr. T.j wanted
to try that. He wanted to see the American Sen-
ate defeat the means of carrying on this Govern-
ment, that they might clutch their unjust gains.
If this House was true to itself and true tolilwrty,
it would make the Senate meet the issue.
After some further remarks, which were indis-
tinctly heard by the Reporter, the honorable gen-
tleman concluded by saying, that absolute equality
was the onlv just plan of compensating members;
but that, in nis judgment, the plan proposed by the
committee was the nearest approach to that that
could be carried. He was therefore in favor of it.
Mr. JONES called for tellers on his amend-
ment, and they were ordered, and Messrs. Ste-
vbni, of Pennsylvania, and Haralson appointed.
And the question being taken, the tellers report-
ed ayes 28, noes not connted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BRECK offered the following amendment:
After " dollars," in the 48th line, add :
'•And for publishing, in four volume* of 750 pages each,
including suitable indexes, to be well bound in calf, two
thousand uu of tha Opinions of tha Attorney! Gtnaral I
since 1st March, 1841,$6,000) to be expended under the
superintendence of the Attorney General."
Mr. BRECK said that it would be recollected,
that at the last session of Congress a resolution
was passed requesting the President of the United
States to have prepared and furnished to this
House the opinions of the Attorneys General on
the construction of general laws since 1841. The
President, in response to that call, stated that he
had employed an individual to make a selection,
who would prepare the opinions. The message
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
who reported a resolution something like the amend-
ment which he now proposed to have inserted
in this bill. It appeared that the entire expense
of preparing, printing, and binding these opinions,
with an index, would not amount to more than
$8,600—the cheapest work of the kind ever pub-
lished in the United States. These opinions were
not merely the opinions of the Attorneys General,
but they were, in fact, reports of the action of the
several Executive Departments ever since that time.
And they were important, not only to the Depart-
ments, but also to our diplomatic agents, to our
custom-house officers, our land agents, and in fact
to fevery department of the Government, except to
the Judiciary. He believed that they would be
highly useful, and two thousand sets, the number
proposed to be published, would not be more than
would be required. The Committee on the Judici-
ary recommended the publication of that number.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, made
some remarks in opposition to the motion, which
were almost inaudible to the Reporter. He was
understood to say, that he had no objection to the
publishing of these opinions in the usual form of a
Congressional document; but that he thought the
number of copies asked for in this amendment
larger than was necessary. If the gentleman
, would propose the printing of five hundred copies,
i he should have no objection to vote for the amend-
1 ment.
The question was then taken on Mr. Breck's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. BRECK then offered the same resolution, so
modified as to provide for the publication of one
thousand copies of the decisions, at an expense of
$7,000.
Mr. B. said that the gentlemen who had been i
employed by the President to select those opinions
haa already prepared a considerable portion of j
them. It was an important document, and the
Committee on the Judiciary were of opinion that it
ought to be published. The reason why they had
recommended the publication of two thousand
copies was because the increased expense would
be insignificant. He now proposed that only one
thousand copies should be printed. That, he sup-
posed, would meet the views of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Thompson.]
Mr. McLANE,ofMaryland,said he thought the
proposal to print these opinions had already been
the subject of discussion. He was desirous of sub-
mitting to the committee his objections to any
proposition which involved the publication of these
opinions in any other shape than as an ordinary
document to be printed by Congress. The House
had adopted simply a resolution requiring the copy-
ing by a clerk of those opinions of the Attorneys
General. Nowtherateof copying was regulated by
law. The maximum rate was fixed by law at $4
per day. That rate would command the best
talent in these departments to copy these opinions.
If necessary he was willing to vote an appropria-
tion to cover that amount, or any other that might
be deemed an abundant, ample, and liberal com-
pensation for copying these opinions. The House
would then have done all tnat was wanted, and
these opinions would come to the House at the
next session, as they ought to have come at this,
and when thus received the House could order the
printing of the usual number. That, he thought,
was all that was wanted. These opinions of the
Attorneys General were published prior to 1840
asapublicdocument, and were now in the archives.
These opinions were now wanted from 1840 to
1850 as public documents. He was opposed,
therefore, ta the proposition of the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Breck,] or to any such
proposition. He wanted in lieu of it asmall item
in this bill to pay for the services of the gentleman
who had been employed by the President, as just
and proper compensation for copying these opin-
ions. He thought that no apology could be made
for the delay which had taken place in responding
to thiB call. At the lust session of Congress the
House called for those opinions, and required the
President to have them coped and transmitted, and
they ought to have been copied and been here prior
to tnis time. A very great liberty had been taken
with the order of the House. Tne Executive had
been called on for information, and for copies of
these opinions, but he had not responded to that
| call. Instead of that, he had sent here his sugges-
tion for something else. No doubt his intention
in making this suggestion to the House was good
and honorable, but that was not what the House
called for. The call was explicit, and ought to
: have been responded to, and the House ought
, now to insist on a response to that call, and no th-
ing else. He thought, then, that the committee had
better simply insert in this appropriation bill an
item to pay a clerk for copying these documents,
I and that when they should be communicated to
I the next Congress, the House could order them to
i be printed in the usual mode.
fHere the Chairman's hammer fell.]
The question was then taken on Mr. Breck's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. HOLMES moved to insert in the bill, after
the clause appropriating for the Congress Library,
the following:
"And for the publication of two thousand copies of
Wilkes's Narrative and the accompanying series of papers,
for distribution among the members of the Thirty-first Con-
gress and the different universities of the United States,
|10,000."
Mr. H. said that he begged to call the atten-
tion of the committee to mis amendment. He
supposed there was not a single member that was
not either scientific or wished to be considered so.
Mr. VINTON, (in his seat.) That is a mis-
take.
Mr. HOLMES. This Government had expend-
ed hundreds and thousands of dollars on the Ex-
ploring Expedition of Commodore Wilkes. On the
return of that expedition the Government went to
the expense of engaging persons to take copies of
the plants, minerals, <&c.,and also of such scenes as
were narrated by Commodore Wilkes in his Nar-
rative. The expense of preparing these plates
was very great. The plates were, however, still
in existence, and could be resorted to at any time
for the purpose of diffusing information.
Professor Silliman had recently declared at a
lecture which he had delivered, (and some respect
must be paid to the opinions of the scientific men
of the country,) that if he had a seat upon this
floor, he never would rest until suitable appropri-
ations were made with a view to diffuse the vast
amount of information, commercial, scientific, and
in all departments of natural history collected by
that expedition.
He (Mr. H.) was a member of the Library
Committee, and it was a fact that that committee
had not copies to exchange with the foreign na-
tions that had requested to be furnished with
them. He thought that every member of the
House ought to have at least one copy, not for
himself, but to transmit to some city or village
library, so that every person in every town or
village could have access to this information.
The amount of this appropriation was only
$12,000, which could hardly be better expended
otherwise, even if it was necessary to make a
grant of land for it. He hoped that every member
regarding the interests of his constituents, and the
wants of every library in every town aiyl village,
would support this amendment. .
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, proposed to
amend the amendment by adding to it a provision
that one copy should be deposited in each State
library. He thought that this was among the
most useful of the recommendations made by the
Library Committee. He understood that the
Government had gone to great expense in prepar-
ing these plates, and that they were now Govern-
ment property. There was a great d®ma" ;f
these plates, and he thought it
some plan could be devised for publishing
without its being done by Government.
much as these plates were the ProP®r £ Uptter
Government, he did not know that any better
plan could be suggested than that Pr P y
gentleman from South Carolina. H .
ft would be well if-these platescouldbe ^bbahed
under the supervision of the Smithsonian Insti
tUMr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, (who was very
