670
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 24,
The question was taken, and the motion was i
not agreed to. I
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. PHCENIX moved the following amend-
ment, to come in after the clausfe making appro-
priation for the expenses of the Mint at Philadel-
phia, viz:
" Provided further, That if the Corporation ofthe city of
New York shall, on or before the 30th June, 1859, providea
building suitable for a Mint, and lease the same to the Uni-
ted States free of charge, so long as it may be used for a Mint,
it shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury, under
the direction of the President of the United States, to cause
to be removed to said building, the offices and the machin-
ery and other appurtenances pertaining to theMintat Phil-
adelphia, and that all laws for the government of the Mint
at Philadelphia shall be applicable to the government and
regulation of the Mint of the United States in the city of
New York."
Mr. JONES rose to a point of order on the
amendment. He said that his point of order was
—[loud cries of " Order!" and laughter]—that the
amendment changed the existing law. [Renewed
shouts of " Order!"]
The CHAIRMAN said that debate was not in
order.
Mr. JONES was not going to debate. He was
merely stating his point of order. T" Order!"
" order!"]
Mr. TOOMBS said that the point of order raised
was, that the amendment was against the existing
law.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out of
order, on the ground that it proposed to change the
existing law.
Mr. PHCENIX appealed from the decision of
the Chair.
Mr. THURMAN called for tellers on the ap-
peal; and they were ordered.
The question " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee," was
then taken by tellers, (Messrs. Morton and
Wildrick acting,) and decided in the affirma-
tive—ayes 77, noes 44.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained, and
the amendment ruled to be out of order.
Mr. GORMAN offered the following amend-
ment, to come in after line 522, under the head of
Judiciary, viz:
"For erecting suitable buildings at Indianapolis, Indiana,
for the use of the circuit and district courts of the United
States for said State of Indiana, $10,000, to be expended
under the direction of the Governor of said State."
Mr. JONES raised a point of order on the
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out of
order. The 81st rule of the House provides for
appropriations for contingencies of the Depart-
ments. The Chair understood that these contin-
gencies were casualties, or accidents merely, and
not permanent arrangements or appropriation* for
the Departments. On that ground he ruled the
amendment out of order.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Judiciary Committee, offered the following amend-
ment, to come in after line 546:
" For the salary of the marshal of the United States for
the State of South Carolina, $300; and the marshal of said
State shall hereafter be entitled to an annual salary of
$200."
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. SWEETSER offered the following amend-
ment, after line 591, under the head of " Hospi-
tals:"
" For Marine Hospital at Cincinnati, Ohio, $50,000." j
Mr. JONES raised a point of order on the
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out of
order, on the same ground that he had ruled the
amendment of the gentleman from Indiana out of
order.
Mr. SPAULDING offered the following amend-
ment:
" For a marine hospital at Buffalo, New York, $30,000."
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out of
order.
Mr. BAYLY, under instructions from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, moved the following
amendment, to come in after line 611, under the
head of " Customs:"
" For furniture and fixtures for the accommodation of
officers of the revenue, as also for the Post Office, United
States courts, and in the enstom house at Savannah,
Georgia, $6,450." '
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON moved an amendment, appro-
priating $25,000 for the erection of a custom house
in the city of Wilmington, Delaware, which
The CHAIRMAN ruled out of order.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, moved to
insert at the end of line 647:
" For repairing the custom-house at Erie, $2,200, as con-
tained in the estimate of the Secretary of the Treasury in
. April iasu"
j The question being taken on the amendment,
! it was not agreed to.
! Mr. VINTON, under instructions from the
, Committee of Ways and Means, moved to in-
[ crease the sum of $50,000, appropriated for con-
tinuing the survey of the western coast of the
United States by the Superintendent of the Coast
Survey, to $100,000.
Mr. ASHMUN said that, as the Committee of
Ways and Means was not prepared to report its
amendments, he would move tne committee rise.
[Cries of" No, no!"]
The question was then taken, and the committee
refused to rise.
The question then recurred on Mr. Vinton's
amendment, and, being taken, it was not agreed to.
On motion by Mr. LA SERE, the salary of the
chief clerk of the sub-treasurer at New Orleans was
increased, from the 1st of July, 1851, to $1,500 per
annum.
Mr. THURSTON moved to amend the item
which reads, " For salaries of governor, three
judges, and secretary of Oregon, $9,500," by in-
creasing the sum to $10,500.
The question was then taken on Mr. Thurs-
ton's amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. GENTRY moved to add the following
after the appropriations for the Territories:
" Provided, That the salary specified above for any ofthe
officers of any of the Territories of the United States shall
not be paid in any case where any of said officers shall ab-
sent themselves from said Territories, and from their offi-
cial duties, for a period of time greater than sixty days."
Mr. GENTRY said that he did not think 
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is out of order.
Mr. MORRIS moved to amend the amendment
by striking out " sixty," and inserting " forty."
Mr. HOLMES inquired if the amendment was
in order?
The CHAIRMAN stated that it was.
The question was then taken on Mr. Morris's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. GORMAN moved to amend the amend-
ment by inserting the word " shall" before the
word "nave."
The question being taken, it was agreed to.
Mr. PUTNAM moved to add to the proviso
the words:
" And if absent more than that time there shall be de-
ducted from his salary pro rata according to the time he
■hall be absent."
The question was then taken on Mr. Put nam's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. THURSTON proposed further to amend
the amendment, by adding a provision that should
the territorial officers absent themselves for six
months they shall forfeit their offices.
Mr. T. withdrew his amendment by unanimous
consent.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, rose to a
question of order. The amendment of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee was out of order.
The CHAIRMAN had no doubt the amend-
ment was in order.
Mr. THOMPSON thought that it was not in
conformity with the principles of the Constitu-
tion.
The CHAIRMAN said: The Chair has yet to
le&rn that a constitutional objection can be made a
point of order. The amendment is in order.
Mr. THOMPSON appealed from the decision
of the Chair.
Mr. T. said that Congress had no right 
The CHAIRMAN. All debate is out of or-
der.
Mr. THOMPSON withdrew his appeal.
Mr. GENTRY demanded tellers on the ques-
tion of the adoption of his amendment; and they
were ordered; and,
The question being taken by tellers, (Messrs.
Corwin and Jones acting,) was decided in the
affirmative—ayes 82, noes 36.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The following clause of tne bill was read:
" For surveying the public lands, in addition to the unex-
pended balance of former appropriations, viz : For survey-
ing the public lands, including incidental expenses, to be ,
apportioned to the several districts according to the exigen-
cies of the public service, the part to be applied to the sur-
veys required by the location and survey of private claims
in Florida, to be disbursed at augmented rates, $115,000:
Provided, That no land bounty for military services granted
by the act of the 28th of September, 1850, entitled ' An ae-
granting bounty land to certain officers and soldier wlio
! have been engaged in the service of the United States ' or
j by virtue of any other act of Congress heretofore passed,
j granting land bounties for military services, shall be satis-
1 fled out of any public land not heretofore brought into mar-
j ket, and now subject to entry at private sale under existine
j laws."
Mr. JONES moved to strike from the above the
proviso. He said that the proviso was tantamount
to a repeal of the bounty land law.
Mr. JONES demanded tellers, and they were
ordered; and,
The question being taken by tellers, (Messrs.
Kerr and Bowlin acting,) was decided in the
affirmative—ayes 67, noes 51.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VINTON moved to strike out the whole of
the above paragraph.
Mr. GENTRY moved the committee rise.
Mr. JONES demanded tellers; and they were
ordered.
The question was then taken by tellers, (Messrs.
Clarke and Gilmore acting,) and was decided in
the affirmative—ayes 76, noes 30.
So the committee roae.
And the SPEAKER having resumed the chair,
the chairman of the committee reported progress.
On motion by Mr. JONES,
The House then adjourned.
PETITIONS.
The following petitions were presented under the rule,
and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. JACKSON, of New York : The petition of S.
Goddard, deputy marshal of Tompkins county, New York,
and 14 others, citizens of said county, praying additional
census compensation to said Goddard.
By Mr. PUTNAM: The petition of John J. McPheison,
assistant marshal, and others, of Quay, New York, for in-
crease of compensation for census services.
By Mr. MATTESON: The petition of H. Goodwin and
94 others, citizens of Madison county, New York, for ad-
ditional compensation to assistant marshals for taking the
census; of Henry Coan and 6 others, citizens of Oneida
; county, New York, for same purpose.
By Mr. DUER: The petition of A. Richardson, assistant
marshal of Oswego county, New York, and Leonard Sears,
i assistant marshal of St. Lawrence, praying for additional
compensation.
1 By Mr. WENTWORTH: The petition of citizens of
Rockford, Winnebago county, Illinois, tor a grant of land
for a railroad from Warsaw, Illinois, to Rockford, Illinois,
i ByMr. BISSELL: The petition of E. Blaisand 71 others,
remonstrating against the removal of the Kaskaskia land
office.
Also, the petition of Richard C. Buatte and 92 others, for
the same object.
By Mr. RISLEY: The petition of Abner Lewis and
others, citizens of Chautauque county, New York, praying
Congress to increase the compensation of deputy marshals
\ for taking the census.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 24,1851.
The PRESIDENT of the Senate presented a
memorial from citizens of Chambers county, in
the State of Alabama, asking that the mail route
J from Chambers court-house, Alabama, to Vernon,
Georgia, may be discontinued, and that in lieu
' thereof there may be one established from West
Point, Georgia, to Talladega, Alabama; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
, Post Roads.
Mr. PEARCE presented a memorial from J.
J G. Chapman and other citizens of Maryland, rec-
I ommending to Congress the passage of a law for
the establishment of a military asylum for the ben-
1 efit of invalid and disabled soldiers. The memo-
rialists say that Congress long since made pro-
vision for disabled seamen of the Navy of the
United States, and they can see no reason why
similar provision should not be made in favor of
invalid and disabled soldiers; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Also, a memorial of the Association ofthe IJe-
fenders of Baltimore in 1814, asking the prompt
passage of a law granting to those who were ou
in the defence of tne city of Baltimore during the
war with Great Britain one hundred ana six y
acres of land' each, as a small remuneration or
their services at that trying period. 1 he memo-
rialists set forth that although they were under
pay of the Government for a period of three
months when the attack was made on Washington
and Baltimore, the citizen soldiers were in service
