672
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 24.
Mr. DICKINSON. I hope the bill will be
passed. It is a case of extreme hardship.
Mr. BRADBURY called for the reading of the
report.
The Secretary read it accordingly. It is a vol-
uminous report, setting forth the facts with great
minuteness.
Mr. BRADBURY. I think a bill of this char-
acter ought not to be pressed on the attention of
the Senate and of Congress at a time like this,
when we have hardly time to consider and dispose
of those general measures which it will be neces-
sary to pass. Portions of this claim may be just,
but there areportions which are of a very doubtful
character. From the reading- of the report, if I
understood it correctly, there are charges, among
others, for oxen, mules, and other means of trans-
portation. It is a claim which has been rejected
by the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, and hence
it is one of the last claims that should be pressed at
a time when we want every moment of the session
to attend to the business which is of a general and
essentia] character. There are a vast number of
private claims which are more urgent, which are
of more pressing importance; and if you take up
this bill it will necessarily lead to discussion ana
to a postponement of those which are more meri-
torious, and of that great question in which the
whole country is so much interested. I hope it
will lie over. I move that it be laid on the table.
Mr. BELL. I hope the Senator will withdraw
that motion for a moment.
Mr. BRADBURY. I will for the purpose of
explanation.
Mr. BELL. This bill will receive no other
consideration than what it may receive this morn-
ing. If it be not taken up and acted on now, there
will be no other chance during this session. The
report of the committee on this bill has been drawn
up with a great deal of care, and it rests on the
evidence and papers accompanying the claim to
support it. It is true that the claim was rejected
by the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, upon the
ground that the Government was not bound by
the contract of these Indians to pay it, but he ex-
pressed a favorable opinion of its equity and jus-
tice; and I will say, as to the general nature of
the bill, that it is the fruit and consequence of the
interference of Congress with what they consider
the best interests of the Indians. As the gentle-
man has said of a large portion of the items of this
claim, there may be some question as to the obli-
gation of the Government to pay. Upon what
ground ? Whether this Congress or the Govern-
ment of the United States will pay for their indis-
cretion .'
Now, these parties made a large portion of these
advances—#18,000 of one description and some
*10,000or f15,000 of anotherdescription—upon the
faith of receiving pay from the Indians. The Gov-
ernment at the lime that these parties incurred the
expenditure owed the Indians scrip for lands,
which by law they had agreed to deliver to the
Indians, half of it east and half of it west, amounting
to $400,000. It was upon the faith of the laws of the
country, and the promise of the Government, that
these parties voluntarily incurred the large expend-
iture of this removal They neverexpected to look
to this Government for pay; but they expected to
look to the Indians, according to the understanding
of the Indians. In the midst of their contract, ana
after they had made this large expenditure—and
if it be not reimbursed every man collected with it
will probably be ruined—what does the Govern-
ment do ? They would not pay the scrip to the
Indians at all. When the first party of Indians,
about twelve hundred in number, went west, and
found that they had not received their scrip but
for the love and affection which they bore to one
of those agents, who was brought out of his tent
in a dying condition, it was apprehended all the
white agents would have been murdered on the
spot, in consequence of the failure of the Govern-
ment to deliver the scrip according to promise.
The Indians have not been able to pay. It is the
fault of the Government that these parties have
suffered such a loss, and, as I have stated before,
I have no doubt that every one connected with it
will be ruined. That is the question which the
honorable Senator may raise, but I think that the
Commissionor came to a proper decision in regard
This bill can receive no further consideration at
this session, because business of a public nature,
; and pressing business too, very important busi-
ness, will be claiming our attention. If we do not
act on this bill now, we cannot act on it at all. I
think the Senate are prepared to vote upon it now.
A report has been sufficiently made on the whole
matter, which has been before the Senate about a
month, so that every Senator has had an oppor-
tunity to look into it. If the Senate are not satis-
fied to vote on it, of course they will lay it on the
table, and thus postpone it for another session;
but I hope the Senate are now prepared to vote
upon it, and I trust that the vote will be taken.
Mr. NORRIS. I am not at all satisfied with
the explanation given by the Senator from Ten-
nessee. I do not know whether these agents acted
honestly or dishonestly. It appears that they
agreed to take this scrip, but I hare heard that
these agents speculate upon the Indians.
Mr. BELL. There is no such thing in this
case.
Mr. NORRIS. I do not charge that these par-
ticular agents have speculated upon these Indians,
but be that as it may, 1 am not prepared to con-
sider this bill, and I move that it belaid upon the
table.
The motion was not agreed to—7 voting in the
affirmative, and 24 in the negative.
The bill wis then reported to the Senate, and was
ordered to be engrossed, and read a third time.
REDUCTION OF POSTAGE.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill to reduce and
modify the rates of postage in the United States,
and to provide for the coinage of a three cent
; piece.
The PRESIDENT. When this bill was last
! under consideration, an amendment had been
I offered by the Senator from New York [Mr.
I Dickinson] to add several sections to the bill.
Mr. RUSK. I have investigated the subject of
these sections in relation to the coinage of a three
cent piece. I have also had some communication
with the Director of the Mint in Philadelphia. 1 am
in favor of the object which the amendment seeks
to accomplish, if brought up in a separate bill; but
it seems to me it will embarrass this bill, and I
am satisfied it will create discussion which will
tend to delay if not prevent its passage. 1 under-
stand that a proposition is before the Committee
on Finance, and that there may be a bill presented
, which will embrace the object at which the Sena-
tor aims, and for such a biH I would most cheer-
fully vote.
Mr. DICKINSON. Then the matter relating
to the coinage of a three cent piece should be
stricken out of the bill. It will be wholly imprac-
ticable to coin it with the niceness which is re-
quisite. The object of the amendment is to pro-
vide that they may depart from this particular
niceness. If this subject of the copper piece
shall embarrass the bill, I will withdraw it. But it
seems to me if we retain the coinage of a three
cent piece in the bill, that this provision should be
there also, to allow this departure from the par-
ticular niceness of which I have spoken, which
on examination it is found it will be exceedingly
difficult to secure.
Mr. RUSK. I have no objection to striking
out the section. I do not think it important to
the bill. Most of the payments for postages will
be made in stamps, at any rate. I have therefore
i no objection to the amendment of the Senator
from New York, except the fact that it will em-
barrass the bill.
Mr. DICKINSON. I do not mean to interfere
in any way with the passage of the bill for cheap
postage at all, and therefore I will withdraw the
whole amendment.
Mr. RUSK. I have an amendment to offer,
which is to add after the word "rates,"in the
thirty-sixth line, the following words: "Subscri-
bers to all periodicals shall be required to pay one
quarter's postage in advance, ana in all such cases
thepostage shall be one half the following rates."
The amendment was agreed to. ;
Mr. RUSK. I move to umend the bill further
by striking out "three," and inserting " five," in
the twenty-sixth line of the same section, «o as to 1
make the distance conform to the other parts of
the bill.
Mr. BADGER. To what does it relate?
Mr. RUSK. To the distance of carrying peri-
odicals and papers of any greater weight than one
ounce. It will operate as a reduction upon the
postage upon periodicals, and conform more to the
other rates of the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. I propose to amend the same sec-
tion by adding the words "five hundred" after
the word " thousand," in the several places, where
it occurs in the 29th, 30th, 31st, 32u, 34th, and
35th, lines, so as to make the distances one thou-
sand five hundred instead of one thousand, two
thousand five hundred instead of two thousand,
three thousand five hundred instead of three thou-
sand miles; and to strike out the words " and not
exceeding four thousand miles," and also the
words " for any distance exceeding four thousand
miles, six times those rates."
The several amendments were agreed to
Mr. RUSK. I now move to strike out the
third section, which relates to the coinage of a
three cent piece.
The amendment was agreed to.
The question was then taken on the adoption
of the amendments proposed by the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Ronds, and they were
agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I move to strike out 
The PRESIDENT. The amendments have
been agreed to, and nothing can be struck out till
the bill is reported to the Senate.
Mr. SEWARD. I have had some conversa-
tion with the honorable chairman of the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads in relation
to the amendment which I proposed the other day,
and which was rejected upon the ground that it
was supposed to be already provided for by the law.
I believe he is now satisfied that the amendment is
proper and necessary, and with his consent I will
ask for the reconsideration of that vote. But as
I voted for it, it is not in my power to make the
motion.
Mr. RUSK. I believe I voted against it, and I
will move for the reconsideration.
Mr. BADGER. It is too late. It cannot be
done.
The PRESIDENT. What is the proposition?
Mr. SEWARD. It is to add a clause author-
izing and regulating the establishment of penny
post offices in cities.
The PRESIDENT. That will be in order after
the bill is reported to the Senate. It is too late
now to move a reconsideration of the vote.
The bill was then reported to the Senate as
amended.
Mr. GWIN. I now move to strike out in the
tenth line of the first section the words "and for
any distance exceeding three thousand miles dou-
ble those rates."
1 will not detain the Senate by a discussion of
this question. I am as anxious as any one to have
the bill disposed of in a manner to equalize postage.
, That provision creates a discrimination against the
citizens of the State that I represent, and I think it
ought not to be incorporated in the bill. I was
prepared to give reasons which I thought would
convince the Senate that my proposition should
be adopted. It is to strike out that portion of the
bill which makes a discrimination between the
Pacific and the Atlantic coast. I hope the amend-
ment will be adopted.
Mr. RUSK. The object of my putting that in
the bill was to meet a suggestion of the Post-
master General, that unless it was put in, there
would be a diminution of revenue of some 0290,000
in consequence of making the postage of letters
between this part of the United States and Califor-
nia the same as in other parts of the United States.
He also made another suggestion, that it was a
matter of some difficulty to procure persons to
discharge the duty of postmaster in California, in
consequence of the rates paid for labor; that the
reduction of the rates of postage, and the expense
of transportation of letters to California and deliv-
ering them there, would result in the diminution
of the commission paid to the postmasters, an l
would be a difficult matter to procure sw «w
officers, unless they receive a direct salary
the Treasury. These are the views of . .
master General. The Senator from California is
also mistaken in supposing that it applies
California and Oregon; it applies also to the State
which I represent on this floor. I put ^
in on purpose. The proposition of the
was to charge a much higher rate where the mail
was carried Ijy sea or through a foreign y
