674
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 24,
[Mr. Socl*,1 contracts shall not be made
for a longer period than four years. My proposi-
tion w to extend the time to seven years. |
Several Sexatobs. That is too long.
Mr. RUSK. It is ten years as the law now
stands.  
Mr. DOWNS. I hope the amendment will not
be adopted. I consider the time as altogether too
long; it will defeat entirely the object of the
amendment offered by my colleague. The object
of his amendment, as I understand, is to enable
the Postmaster General to make contracts without
being bound up to a particular time. I think the
time now proposed is too long. We know that
these routes suddenly change, so that what may
be a good one this year may not be so the next;
the price which it will be necessary to pay in one
year may be less than in another. It will prevent
a spirit of monopoly by the Government being
bound by a contract when they could get a better
one. I understand that the object of the amend-
ment offered by my colleague, who is not now in
his seat, was this. I think the time fixed in the
original proposition was one year, which was
afterwards changed to four; that is certainly long
enough. Persons who would not take a contract
for four years would not be likely to take one for
a longer period. I cannot conceive why this
amendment should be offered, or why the section
should be altogether stricken out. I hope it will
remain as it is. I am very sorry the auestion has
been raised at this time; because my colleague, who
is on the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, is not now in his place. I must confess I
think It very strange that the chairman of the
committee should say that he would move to in-
sert it iq another bill, although he says he is op-
posed to it. If it is right, let us pass it now.
Mr. RUSE. If the Senator had taken the
trouble to read the section, he would have seen
that the object is to enable the President to annul
a contract when he can get a better one. That is
the object of the insertion of seven years. It is
ten years now, by the law under which he is
authorized to enter into a contract. This reduces
the time three years. I do not care much about
the amendment, as it stands, because I want it in
a proper form, and I can offer it in such form in
connection with another bill.
Mr. DOWNS. I ask that the eighth section,
as amended, may be read.
Mr. RUSK. To avoid all controversy, I will
withdraw the motion to amend. j
Mr. GWIN. I now move to strike out the whole :
of the eighth section. I do not think it properly
Fertains to this bill. It will embarrass it passage,
therefore hope the Senate will agree to strike it
out, and allow it to come into the other bill, indi-
cated by the Senator from Texas.
Mr. DOWNS. I hope the section will not be
stricken out. We have Deen deliberating upon it
some time, and I see no good reason why it should
be stricken out.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. UPHAM. I wish to propose an amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from New York, [Mr.
Dickinson,] making papers to circulate free within
the county where they are published. I propose
to add to his amendment as adopted, the words "or
within thirty miles of the place where published."
The object of the amendment is to remedy what
I conceive a defect in the bill as it now is. Many
papers are printed on the borders of counties, and
will, of course, circulate free to subscribers within
the county, while subscribers much nearer, and
out of the county, will have to pay. It will be
nnjust to confine them to the county, or allow them
to circulate free within it, and not to permit them
to do so to their neighbors out of the county. The
counties are small in Vermont, compared with the
western and southwestern States. It seems to me
it is fair, and just, and equitable, inasmuch as so j
many papers are published on the borders of coun-:
ties, that they should have the right to circulate j
free within a distance of thirty miles. j
Mr. RUSK* I hope that amendment will not
be adopted. It is one of the smallest sort of
amendments, and one that will produce unlimited i
confusion, and make the bill nonsensical, and
make it very difficult for postmasters to make up
accounts, because the increase depends upon the
established for each distance.
Mr. UPHAM. Afy object was to make the 1
bill more sensible, reasonable, and just. The
Senate will decide whether it is right or wrong.
The motion was not agreed to. j
Mr. CHASE. I move to amend the bill in the
second line of the second section, as it has been
amended, so as to restore it to what it was as it
came from the committee, by striking out "three"
and inserting " two." If we insert " three," we
burden the mails with an enormous weight for the
accommodation of two or three papers, which I ,
think ought not to be done. I therefore move to
restore it to what it was as it came from the com-
mittee.
Mr. RUSK. I hope that will not prevail. It
is true that it operates in favor of one or two
papers only in the United States; because only
one or two papers go over two ounces in weight,
and they go over it to only a small fraction. So
that the matter is of very little consequence with
regard to the additional papers which go over two
ounces. The great objection to striking it out is
this, that it makes that complicated which is now
plain. The advantage to the Post Office Depart-
ment will be inconsiderable. The postage now
on some of these papers will be six dollars a year,
! and if this is stricken out it will be double.
! Mr. CHASE. The proposition is simply this:
i to carry newspapers not exceeding two ounces in
; weight at the rate specified in the bill. We have
! never heretofore gone beyond that. If we increase
the weight to three ounces we burden the mails,
as it seems to me, unnecessarily, and we hold out
inducements not merely to the multiplication of
these mammoth sheets, but we also throw out in-
ducements to sending out an immense quantity of
| wet sheets, which already burden the mails to
such an extent that in remote sections of the west-
| ern country we shall scarcely have any mails at all.
! Mr. DICKINSON. I apprehend the Senator
i from Ohio is mistaken. The paper will be just as
I large as now, but it will be printed on a poorer
I quality of paper, to bring down the weight to the
\ maximum of the weight specified in the bill. The
j object should be to encourage the printing upon
i good heavy paper. I hope the amendment of the
! Senator will not prevail.
j The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SMITH. I do not rise for the purpose of
entering into the comparative merits of these two
' bills or schemes for arranging the postages of the
country; but I wish for a single moment to call
the attention of the Senate to some very extraordi-
nary provisions in the House bill which I now
read to the Senate. The Senator from California"
has told us—and I believe the same suggestion
has been made by some other members of the
body—that we are not to deliberate on the sub-
ject; we are not to entertain any judgment on the
subject, and are not to express our opinions, what-
ever they may be; because it is said that unless
we pews the House bill exactly as it came from
that body, we cannot expect to have any reduc-
tion of postages at the present session of Con-
gress. I am among those who do not believe that
such will be the consequence of adopting an im-
proved system of postages. I believe that if any
feill passes the two Houses of Congress at the
, present session, this bill is more likely than any
other to receive the favorable consideration of the
House of Representatives. But if I believed it
was otherwise, that the House of Representatives
would not permit us to exercise our judgment and
give an expression to our opinions, I am among
those who would consent to sacrifice the bill and
surrender the object of it for the present. But I
will not take up the time of the Senate in running
a parallel between these two different schemes,
which I would gladly do if there were time; but I
wish to call the attention of the Senate to some of
the very extraordinary provisions of the House
bill. I will read from the first section of the bill:
" Upon each letter not weighing over one half ounce
three cents; and for each additional half ounce, or fraction
of half an ounce, three cents: Provided, That no post office
now in existence shall be discontinued, nor shall the mail
service on any mail route in any of the States or Territories
be discontinued and diminished in consequence of any
diminution of the revenues that may result from this act.
And provided, further, That it shall be the duty of the
Postmaster General to establish new post offices, and place
the mail service on new mail routes established, or that
may hereafter be established, in the same manner as though
this act had not been passed: And provided, further. That
the compensation of no postmaster shall be diminished in
consequence of the passage of this act."
Now, here is the broad provision that tha Post-
master General shall go on and administlPthe du-
ties of his office, no matter what may be the state
of the revenues, 110 matter how inadequate they
may be for carrying on the operations of the De-
partment. The bill provides that post offices shall
not be discontinued, no matter how insignificant
they may be; and no matter how inadequate the
revenues may be, the Postmaster General shall
continue every post office in the country. In the
next place it provides that he shall establish addi-
tional post offices, although the revenue may be in-
adequate, and he sliall grant additional mail facili-
ties in the same manner as if the bi'! provided an
adequate revenue. He shall go on with the oper-
ations of the Department,, although the Depart-
ment may be bankrupt, and there may be a total
deficiency of revenue; he shall go on with the
present scale of granting facilities, perfectly reck-
less of the consequences to the Department and to
the Government.
Then comes in the provision that the compensa-
tion of no postmaster shall be diminished in con-
sequence of the passage of this act. We all know
that postmasters are compensated by a certain
rate per cent. We know that the bill proposed
by the Senate will diminish the income which
would accrue to postmasters, more or less; and
the bill passed by the House will greatly diminish
the rate per cent, to which postmasters are enti-
tled. I find, on recurring to the report of the Post-
master General at the present session of Congress,
that the compensation of postmasters, during the
last fiscal year, was $1,549,376 19. What the com-
pensation will be for the present fiscal year, I do-
not know—probably considerably more. So we
see, the bill provides that these postmasters
throughout the country, although there is a per-
centage under the existing laws of $1,159,376 19r
shall receive that full sum at all events. I desire
to know whether the Senate is prepared to enter
nto such extravagant legislation as this. There is
to be in the year a great redaction of the revenues
of the Department; and the House bill proposes
an appropriation of 41,500,000 to makeup that defi-
ciency. The amendment proposed by the Senator
from Texas contains, if I mistake not, a provision
for an appropriation of $500,000 for the same pur-
pose. So that, according to either one or the other
scheme there is anticipated a considerable reduc-
tion of the revenues. The House bill provides
that a much larger portion of the revalue shall be-
allowed to the postmasters than the present law
allows. How is the Department to sustain itself?
I consider the House bill as perfectly wild and
chimerical, and I really believe that it would in-
volve the Department, in one short year, in irre-
trievable bankruptcy. I am not to be told we must
take this bill or nothing. I would, however, rather
take nothing than such a wild, chimerical bill as
that of the House.
Mr. GWIN. Croakings have been heard about
low postage bankrupting the Post Office Depart-
ment before; but they have had their day. They
now create more merriment than serious alarm.
: We were told all this in 1845, and it would be a
dangerous experiment, I think, for a man to ven-
ture his reputation on such prophecies now. Low
postages liave increased the revenues. I think
that this warning comes with a bad grace from
the Senator from Connecticut, who has presented
a bill to the Senate on the subject of French spolia-
tions, which takes five milhons for private pur-
poses, while this bill only appropriates half a million
! for a great national benefit. I would infinitely
, prefer it to the bill which appropriates such an
amount from the Treasury to satisfy doubtful
claims. The subject of bankrupting the Treasury
: is brought forward against any bill for California;
I if we bring.forward one for tne creation of a dry
I dock, or a mint, or any such necessary object, it
j is said that we shall bankrupt the Treasury. « 18
the same with regard to low postage. I have some
i estimates winch go to show that the Secretary o
the Treasury is mistaken as to the estimates ne
has made with regard to the revenues for p
ent fiscal year. . r, 
Mr. Corwin, in his annual 1repoirt 1to C01ngress
estimated the revenue for the fiscal y §T
June 30,1851, as follows: 445)000,000
Customs. .. • •.   * , o/w nnn
Lands  S'S
Miscellaneous sources. 
$47,592,000
