1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
675
I estimate the revenue far above this amount,
viz: at over $54,000,000, thus: The revenue from
July 1, 1850, to January 1,1851, the first six
months of the present fiscal year, as ascertained
from actual returns, (and for which warrants were
drawn,) was $23,125,606 82. This sum does not
include San Francisco only to the extent of
$259,000, while the revenue for five months, from
July to December, amounted to $1,253,420 89;
leaving the revenue for other ports on the At-
lantic and Pacific in like manner to be added
to the receipts. The revenue from lands have
largely and unexpected increased. Mr. Corwin
estimated the receipts short of two millions for the
year ending June 30, 1851. There has already
been received for the first half of the present fiscal
year $1,048,289 48, and it is accounted for by the
passage of the bounty land act—many persons
paying up at once to secure their lands on the line
of the railroads and canals, and to the ignorance
of emigrants, who are not fairy liar with land scrip,
bounty land warrants, &c.
My estimate, sir, of the revenue for the present
fiscal year, I stated before, is $54,000,000, and I
will show how I make it out. The actual returns
for the first six months, from July 1,1850, to Jan-
uary 1, 1851, as appears on the books of the
Treasury Department, is $23,135,605 82
Add fire months' revenue for Saa Francisco
alone, not embraced in the above sum.... 1,253,420 89
Oregon and other porta on tbe Atlantic and
Pacific  300,000 00
Customs first six months £24,680,027 71
Lands $1,048,289 48
Miscellaneous   312,500 00
  1,380,789 48
Firet half of fiscal year $26,040,817 19
The actnal returns from twenty ports for the
month of Jauuftry, 1851, is. .$5,013,939 93
Add San Francisco and some
one hundred ports on the At-
lantic and Pacific   986,060 08
  6,000,000 00
$32,040,817 19
Add <br five remaining montlis,in which the
whole East and West India fleet are ex-
pected, and the Spring supply from Eng-
land, Franee, and the Mediterranean, at
the average of four and a half millions, is. 21,000,000 00
Lands, same as last six months.  1,048,289 48
Miscellaneous do. do  312,500 00
Kevenuefor the year   $54,401,606 67
Balance in the Treasury, per Mr. Corwin's
report, July 1,1850  6,604,544 49
$61,006,151 16
Now, the Treasury is in no danger of being bank-
rupted while we have these immense revenues and
receipts. The chairman of a committee in the
other House struck off two millions from the Army
appropriation bill, and the chairman oT the Naval
Committee is prepared to reduce the appropriation
to the Navy two millions. So that there can be
no danger from keeping the compensation of post-
masters where it is at present, and from giving
additional mail facilities. I call upon the Senate, I
therefore, to sustain the House bill, for I think the i
amendment endangers the passage of any low !
postage bill at the present seasion. !
Mr. HUNTER. I simply rise to say that I i
think it would be a dangerous experiment to make '
our estimates upon the idea that we are to receive :
$55,000,000 of revenue; for the returns show the i
receipts by the Commissioner of Customs up to
February 20th to be about "$30,000,000,"and I
am told they come as near to the estimates as they !
were ever known to do on any previous occasion, j
As far as the returns have been made, they go to I
show that the estimates of the Secretary of the '
Treasury are correct. It is not certain, but I
think it is dangerous to make the prophecy that
there will be any increase over the estimates of the
Secretary; for as far as we can judge they will
prove nearly correct. I must say I think there is
a great deal in what the Senator from Connecticut
has said when he asks that we shall not adopt the
bill of the House, and thus throw the expense of
sustaining the Post Office Department upon the
Treasury. I do not deem that the croakings, as
they are called, about the bill of 1845, did prove
entirely groundless; for when we look into the
surplus which is said to have been occasioned by
it, it will be found to be an artificial one. In esti-
mating this supposed balance, we charge the Navy
Department with about $800,000 to support mail
steamers,-and credit the Post Office Department
with the receipts for the postage upon what they
carry. Nor is this the only error in that calcula-
tion, for it omits to charge the Post Office Depart-
ment with between seven and eight hundred
thousand dollars drawn from the Treasury at the
commencement of the postal system which is now
in existence. When we take all these items into
consideration, I think it will be found that there
were good grounds for the fears entertained at that
time. I think it is a matter of very grave and se-
rious consideration that the Postmaster General,
who is known to be a friend to low postages, is of
the opinion that the Department will not sustain
itself if we adopt the House bill. I submit it to
the friends of low postages and the friends of the
Department, if it be not a very dangerous matter
to make this rash and hasty experiment? I am
willing to reduce postages as low as they can be
reduced consistently, upon the principle of making
the Department sustain itself. In all laws of this
sort, the first thing to be looked to is to make the
Department sustain itself; and next, that the post-
ages shall be as low as possible consistent with
that object.
Now, the proposition contained in the bill con-
fesses on its face that it is probable that the ex-
i pense for supporting the Department will be thrown
! upon the Treasury to a large extent. If this
j system should be introduced, I hope the Senate
and this Congress will proceed more cautiously,
j For myself I should have been willing to make a
reduction of twenty per cent., and that would
have been a great reduction, and I would have
been willing to go on reducing as long as the Post
Office Department sustained itself; but you may
rely upon it that if the Department be thrown
upon the Treasury, it will be one of the most cor-
rupting and dangerous institutions we have ever
had. The very argument we have heard that
letters must pass all distances for the same price,
would go to prove that we should give a daily
mail to all places; that it was a gratuity from the
Government to the people, and being so, all
should share alike. I say that when once we de-
part from the principle heretofore established that
the Post Office Department shall sustain itself,
we should surely go too far. I think we go too
far if we go further than the Postmaster General
says we may safely go. Of the two, 1 prefer the
amendment of the Senate's committee; but I do
not think I can vote for it, for I think the reduc-
tions are too great.
| Mr. RUSK. I am prepared, if it were proper
j to do so, to enter into the defence of the sugges-
! tion which I have offered, and which has been dis-
! cussed for some time. I think I could show that
this is the safest plan for those to take who are in
favor of the reduction of postages. _ I think I
could show that it would come to within a small
air ount of the estimates made by the Department.
The objection made to it I think is unfounded.
There is now a reduction proposed on the letter
postage from California from forty cents down to
ten, and if payment is made in adavnce down to
six cents. I think that, when we consider the
enormous expense it is to carry the mails to Cal-
ifornia, and in view of the immense wealth of his
constituency, and the great amount of gold there,
they cannot ask for a greater reduction. The
effect of the reduction will be thrown upon other
pnrts of the country. In the name of common
sense, can we not wait for one year before we will
dash down and put the postage at three cents, and
that in the face of the report of the Postmaster
General ? But I will not take up the time of the
Senate. We are now within ten minutes of the
time assigned for the special order, when this
matter must be dropped. 1 trust we shall have a
vote.
Mr. GWIN. I will not detain the Senate five
minutes. Iwantto correct the Senator from Texas
in regard to the operation of the substitute, but I
will not go into the discussion of the suggestion
he has made about the consequence of reduction
of postage to California. My main objection to
the amendment of the Senate is, that the bill will
be lost in consequence of it in the House. With
regard to the remarks of the Senator from Virginia,
[Mr. Hunter,] he has made a prediction, and so
have I, and I am willing to leave it there.
Mr. HUNTER. I gave the estimates of the
Commissioner of Customs.
Mr. GWIN. Two hundred ports were left out.
That of San Francisco exceieds any port in the
Union except New York and Boston, and that has
not been heard from for three months. The Sen-
ator from Texas has brought up a subject before
the Senate which I should like to have discussed,
and that is, the line of steamships. They were
established for the purpose of enabling our marine
to compete successfully with that of Great Britain,
our great rival for commercial supremacy, which
depends on the success of this experiment. It is
yet in its infancy, and yet it has produced the
most astonishing results, and, when properly per-
fected, it will mute ours the first commercial marine
in the world. It was never intended that it should
create mail facilities, and was not established for
that purpose. Yet the facilities are ten times as
great in California as when they were established.
But I hope the establishment of those steamships
will not be charged to California.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
amendment to the bill.
Mr. GWIN. I ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. CLAY. I have risen to say that if the
friends of free debate and free postage will only
come to some conclusion to settle this conflict be-
tween the two freedoms, I am willing that the
question should be taken. If not, I must call for
the special order of the day. •
Mr. RUSK. We have ten minutes left yet;
this clock is too fast.
Mr. DICKINSON. I desire to inquire whether
the rejection of the amendment is the adoption of
the principle of the bill ?
The PRESI DENT. The rejection of the amend-
ment does not adopt the bill.
The question was then taken on the adoption of
the substitute, as amended, with the following re-
sult:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Berrien, Borland, Bradbury, But-
ler, Clarke, Clay, Davis of Massachusetts, Dawson, Downs,
Ewing, Fetch, Greene, Hunter, Jones, King, Mason, Norris,
Pearce, Rhett, Rusk, Sebastian, Smith, SonM, Spmance,
Sturgeon, Turney, Underwood, Wales, Whitcomb, and
Y ulee—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Baldwin, Cass, Qhase, Cooper, Dayton,
Dickinson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas,
Gwin, Hale, Hamlin, Miller, Bantoul, Seward, Shields,
Upham, and Walker—18.
So the amendment or substitute was adopted.
The question recurred on ordering the amend-
ments to be engrossed, and the bill to a third read-
ing.
Mr. GWIN. I want to offer an amendment.
The PRESIDENT. It is too late.
Mr. GWIN. It is an amendment approved by
the Postmaster General, and I hope it may be
acted upon.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair expressly sta-
ted that it would be too late after the question was
taken.
Mr. BORLAND. I would inquire if the ques-
tion is on the third reading ?
The PRESIDENT. It is on ordering the
amendments to be engrossed, and ordering the bill
to a third reading.
Mr. BORLAND. I have some remarks to
make on that question.
Mr. RUSK. I hope the Senator will withdraw
any opposition to the taking of that question now,
as I want to have the bill printed as amended, and
he can speak when the bill comes up on its third
reading.
Mr. BORLAND. I will, then, withdraw my
opposition, with a view of opposing the bill on its
third reading.
The amendments were then ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill was ordered to a third read-
ing.
RESCUE OP A FUGITIVE SLAVE IN BOSTON.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
motion made by Mr. Clay to refer to the Judi-
ciary Committee the message of the President of
the United States, in relation to the rescue of a
fugitive slave in Boston.
Mr BERRIEN addressed the Senate at some
length upon the subject; and was followed by Mr.
DICKINSON, Mr. RHETT, and Mr. CLAY,
who called for the yeas and nays, and they were
ordered.
The debate was continued by Mr. DAVIS, of
Massachusetts, Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, and
Mr. DOWNS, and for all which debate, see
Apendix.
The question on the motion to refer was then
taken by yeas and nays, and it resulted thus:
