679
TOE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 24,
YEAS Messrs- Baldwin, Bell, Berrien, Borland, Brad-
bury Clarke Clay, Davis of Massachusetts Davis of Mis-
sissippi Dawson, Dickinson, Dod?.' of Iowa, Doujlas,
Down*, Giwne, Gwin, Hunter, Jones, King, Mason, Miller,
Norris, I'earce, llantoul, Rusk, Seward, Shields, Smith,
ypruanee, Turaey, Underwood, Wales, Walker, and Whit-
eoinb—31.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tfksdat, February 25, 1851.
The House met at eleven o'clock. The Journal
of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, to which was referred the
communication of the Secretary of the Navy in
answer to a resolution of the House of Represent-
atives asking certain information in relation to
the contract for the construction of a dry dock in
California, made a report thereon accompanied by
the following resolution:
Resolved, That the House approve of the course of the
Secretary of the Navy, in executing the law for the con-
struction of a dry dock in California, and see no reason for
further delay in executing the contract lor the work, as
agreed upon by the Department.
Mr. STANTON said, that he did not propose
to make any remarks upon the proposition con-
tained in the resolution, but would demand the
previous question.
Mr. JONES moved to lay the report and reso-
lution on the table, and on that motion demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered and taken, and
resulted—yeas 84, nays 99—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Anderson, Averett, Beale,
Bingham, Bokee, Boyd, Brisbin, Bullard, Burrows, Burt,
Butler, Joseph Cable, Cleveland, CUngman, W. R. W.
Cobb, Cole, Conger, Deberry, Dimmick, Dunham,Duikee,
Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans, Ewing, Featherston,
Fitch, Freedley, Gentry, Giddings, Gorman, Gott, Gould,
Green, Hall, Hamilton, Hampton, Sampson W. Harris,
Thomas L. Harris, Hebard, Hibbard, Milliard, Hunter,
Andrew Johnson, Jones, Julian, Kerr, Lefller, Littlefield,
Horace Mann, Marshall, McLanahan, Finis E. McLean,
McQueen, McWillie, Daniel F. Miller, Millson, Morrison,
Morton, Orr, Otis, Outlaw, Peaslee, Peck, Phelps, Putnam,
Boot, Rose, Ross, Seddon, Shepperd, Silvpster, Sprague, Al-
exander H. Stephen?, Thaddeus Stevens, Jacob Thompson,
Toombs, Waldo, Wallace, Watkins, Whittlesey, Wildrick,
Wilmot, and Young—84.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Alston, Ashmun,
Bayly, Bennett, Bissell, Booock, Bowlin, Breck, Briggs,
Brooks, William J. Brown, George A. Caldwell, Joseph
P. Caldwell, Campbell, Cartter, Casey, Chandler, Clarke,
Daniel, Danner, Dixon, Doty, Edinundson, Eliot, Gilbert,
Gilmore, Goodenow, Grinnell, Hammond, Harlan, Isham
G. Harris, Hay, Hoagland, Holladay, Houston, Howe,
Inge, Joseph W. Jackson, William T. Jackson, James L.
Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, George G. King, James G.
King, John A. King, La Sire, Levin, Job Mann, Matteson,
McDonald, McDowell, McKissock, Robert M. McLane,
Meade, John K. Miller, Moore, Morris, Morse, Nelson,
Newell,Ogle,Olds,Parker, Penn, Plirenix,Pitman, Potter,
Powell, Reed, Reynolds, Richardson, Risley, Bobbins,
Bobinson, Kumsey, Sackett, Schenck, Schoolcraft, Spaul-
ding, Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton,
Stetson, Sweetser, Taylor, Thomas, James Thompson,
Thurman, Tuck, Underbill, Van Dyke, Vinton, Walden,
Wellborn, Wentworth, White, Williams, and Wright—99.
So the House refused to lay the report and res-
olution on tbe table.
The question recurred on seconding the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. TOOMBS inquired if it was in order to
move to refer the report and resolution to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER stated that it was not, pending
the second of the previous question.
Mr. TOOMBS hoped that the previous question
would not be sustained.
The House being divided on the demand for the
previous question, it was not seconded.
Mr. TOOMBS made some remarks, which will
be published hereafter.
Mr. STANTON said: It was not my intention,
in moving the call for the previous question, to
stifle debate upon this subject, or to prevent the
free examination of it in all its parts.
Mr. BAYLY (interposing) suggested that if the
gentleman from Tennessee would satisfy himself
with rescinding the resolution that tied the hands
of the Secretary, such a course would probably
meet the views of the House.
Mr. STANTON. I have no objection to that.
I feel it incumbent upon me to vindicate the char-
acter of this transaction; to vindicate also the fair-
ness and justice of the contract made, notwith-
standing the round assertions of the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs.] That gentleman
has spoken of throwing away millions of dollars j
upon a contract which I consider has been fairly
made by the Secretary of the Navy, and which
was deliberately concurred in by both Houses of
Congress, a fact which the honorable gentleman
seems to forget. The gentleman talks of this ex-
penditure of $1,000,000 as being thrown away.
He forgets that the dry dock in the city of New
York cost $2,000,000, and yet cannot perform one ;
tenth that which the structure proposed on the Pa-
cific coast will perform at two thirds of the cost.
That gentleman forgets that he probably has not '
undertaken to investigate what will be the cost of
erecting a dry dock on the Pacific coast. I do not
hesitate to say that a permanent stone dry dock
upon the Pacific coast cannot be constructed within '
the next five or ten years for a less sum than
$1,000,000. I have spoken of the New York dock;
and although it cost much more than the dock pro-
posed on the Pacific, yet it cannot perform one
tenth of the labor which it is to be presumed the
latter will. From the remarks of the gentleman ^
from Georgia, one would suppose that there was
some great enormity, some great fraud; and that
these contractors were going to make a gain of
something like $>1,000,000. I think I may fairly
deduce such an inference from the gentleman's as-
sertions. Now it so happens that I took occasion
to go to the Department to examine the proposals
that have been made, and the estimates furnished '
to the bureau, in reference to this contract. 1 con- !
ferred with the engineer, and with the head of the j
bureau about it, and they both informed me ex-
plicitly that they believed that the contractor had |
taken this contract at the lowest possible rate at i
which the work could be accomplished. I have
before me a letter from Commodore Smith  i
Mr. TOOMBS. That is not the opinion of the |
Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. STANTON. I will come to that pres-
ently.
Mr. TOOMBS. But the gentleman from Ten-
: nessee must remember that 1 based my assertions
\ on the opinions of the Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. STANTON. Very well. I was just about
to refer to a letter from Commodore Smith. He
states in this letter that he believes the contractors
cannot perform the work at the price for which
they have agreed to do it. The gentleman from
Georgia says there has been no competition for
this work. Let us look at this assertion. The
Secretary of the Navy himself states that this bid
was the lowest offered for the work—at least j
$60,000 lower than any other offer. Other com-
petitors refused to secure a guarantee to Govern-
ment against the operation of a patent right.
Now, Mr. Speaker, let us look at another point.
| The House will perceive, from the tenor of the
j gentleman's remarks this morning, that he has no
doubt seen some letters addressed to members of
this House from a gentleman whom I have not
the honor to know, a Mr. Hy. Western, of New
i York. This gentleman I have never, to my knowl-
! edge, seen. Now these letters comment upon
; the contract with a great deal of severity, and con-
tain some allusions and some dark insinuations
i against some of the prominent members of the
House of Representatives. I have not considered it
my duty, neither have I deemed it consistent with
the character and honor of this House, to give
any attention to such allusions or such idle insin-
uations. It appears tome that the gentleman's
remarks were drawn from the fact that this paper
had reached his hands. Allusion was also Vnade
in these letters to certain McC.s. Now, sir,
there were only two gentlemen on the committee
whose names commence with Mc C., namely: Mr.
McClay and Mr. McC. Could he think that these
gentlemen could do that ? Now, if either of these
fentlemen had thought it necessary to come to me,
would have told them I considered any insinua-
tions of that sort idle, false, and unfounded. I
should have told them that I could not attach the
slightest weight to these insinuations. I have
alluded to these letters from Mr. Western, as I
presumed they were the source from which the
gentleman from Georgia derived his authority to
state that there were suspicious chatges against
some parties involved in this transaction. The gen-
tleman from Georgia has also asserted that the
Secretary of the Navy has said that this structure
, on the Pacific can be erected at one third of the
cost provided for by the contract.
I Here Mr. Stanton yielded to
I Mr. BAYLY, who moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER inquired if the gentleman from
Tennessee had yielded the floor?
Mr. STANTON said: I have na objection to
yield the floor for the purpose of going into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, if
tliia matter will come up to-morrow morning.
The SPEAKER said that it would come up.
On motion by Mr. BAYLY, the rules were sus-
pended, and the House resolved itself into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Burt in the chair,) and resumed the consideration
of the civil and diplomatic bill.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATIONS.
The CHAIRMAN stated that when the com-
mittee rose, the pending question was on the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vinton,}
to strike out the following sectioni
" For surveying the public lands, in addition to the unex-
pended balance of former appropriations, viz: For survey-
ing the public lands, including incidental expenses, to be
apportioned to the several districts, according to the exigen-
cies of the public service, the part to be applied to the sur-
veys required by the location and survey of private claims
in Florida, to be disbursed at augmented rates, $-150,000."
Mr. HALL called for tellers; which were or-
dered; and Messrs. Bokee and McWillie were
appointed.
The question was taken and the tellers reported
—ayes 73, noes 69.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, moved to strike
from the bill the following:
" For th« survey of the Menomonee cession, Wisconsin,
at a rate not exceeding five dollars per mile, .§25,000."
"For surveys in the southern part of Missouri, east of
the meridian, at a rate not exceeding five dollars pier mile,
$5,000."
" For surveying in Louisiana, at augmented rates,
$20,000."
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, moved to insert the
following:
"That the act approved 98thof September, 1850, grant-
ing bounty land to certain officers and soldiers therein speci-
fied, shall be so construed as to authorize the transfer of
land warrants issued under the provisions of said act"
Mr. STRONG made a point of order against
the amendment; and
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out of
order.
Mr. BAYLY moved to strike out the following:
" For surveying in Oregon, at a rate not exceeding eight
dollars per mile, as authorized by the third section of tile act
of the 27 th ofSeptember, 1850, $34,560"—
And insert in lieu thereof the following:
" For surveying in Oregon, of township lines and sub-
divisions of townships, at a rate not to exceed twelve dol-
lars per mile, $51,846: Provided, That this rate of com-
pensation shall cease on the 30th of June, 1852."
The qu^tion was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland,moved to strikeout
the following:
" For the hire of two carts, at two dollars per day each,
for 250 days, $1,000."
The amendmentwas rejected.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, from the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings, moved the following
amendment, which was agreed to:
" To enable the Clerk of the House to cause to be erected
in the basement, under the east entrance of the Capitol
nearest the House of Representatives, a suitable furnace,
for warming and excluding the dampness from that part of
the building, the sum of $500."
Mr. S. also moved an amendment to increase
the compensation of two additional watchmen at
the Park.
Mr. JONES submitted that the amendment was
out of order, as it proposed a change in the law.
Mr. STANTON stated that such was not the
case.
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of order.
The question was then taken, and it was no
agreed to. _ . , e,
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, offered the fol-
lowing amendment from the Committee on iru
Buildings:
" For the salary of a clerk to the Commissioner of Public
Buildings, $1,000."
The CHAIRMAN decided that the amendment
was out of order, as it was not authorized by any
eXMr"sTANTON offered the following amend-
ment:
