678
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 25,
ty to sign and attest such official business as said Auditor
shall approve and direct."
Mr. MARSHALL moved to strike out the fol-
lowing; which was not agreed to:
"For compensation of John P. Brown, secretary and
dragoman of the legation to Turkey, for his services as
acting Charge d'Affeires at different periods, $5,122, which,
if received, shall be in full payment for all his services in
that character to this date."
Mr. GRINNELL moved to amend the bill by
adding thereto the following sections:
Sac. 9. And be it further enacted, That in all cases
where there is or shall be imposed any ad valorem rate of
duty on any goods, wares, or merchandise imported into
the United States, it shall be the duty of the collector with-
in whose district the same shall be imported or entered, to
cause the actual market value or wholesale price thereof,
at the period of the exportation to the United States, in the
principal markets of the country from which the same shall
have been imported into the United States, to be appraised,
estimated, and ascertained; and to such value or price
shall be added all costs and charges, except insurance, and
including in every case a charge for commissions at the
usual rates, as the true value at the port where the same
may be entered, upon which duties shall be assessed.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the certificate
of any one of the appraisers of the United States of the du-
tiable value of any imported merchandise required to be
appraised, shall be deemed and taken to be the appraise-
ment of such merchandise required by existing laws to be
made by such appraisers. And where merchandise shall be
entered at ports where there are no appraisers, the certifi-
cate of the revenue officer to whom is committed the esti-
mating and collection of duties, of the dutiable value of any
merchandise required to be appraised, shall be deemed and
taken to be the apptaisement of such merchandise required
by existing laws to be made by such revenue officer.
Sec. 4. And be it farther enacted. That there shall be
appointed by the President of the United States, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, four appraisers
of merchandise, with the same powers as appraisers of mer-
chandise now possess by law, to be allowed an annual sal-
ary each of $2,500, together with their actual traveling
expenses, to be regulated by the Secretary of the Treasury,
who shall be employed in appraising merchandise and in
visiting such ports of entry in the United States, under the
direction of the said Secretary, as may be deemed useful
by him fbr the security of the revenue, and shall at such
ports give advice and directions to the resident appraisers
as may be deemed necessary by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to protect and insure uniformity in the collection of the
revenue from customs; and whenever practicable in cases
of appeal from the decision of United States appraisers,
under the provisions of the seventeenth section of tbe tariff
act of 30th August, 1843, the collector shall select one dis-
creet and experienced merchant to be associated with one
of the appraisers appointed under the provisions of this act,
who together shall appraise the goods in question ; and if
they shall disagree the collector shall decide between them;
and the appraisement thus determined shall be final, and
deemed and taken to be the true value of said goods, and
the duties shall be levied thereon accordingly, any act of
Congress to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided, That
the appraiser who may have made the first appraisement
shall not be solicited to act in cases of appeal.
Sec. 5. And be it farther enacted. That this act shall
take effect on and after the first day of April next; and all
acts and parts of acts inconsistent with the provisions of
this act be, and the same are, hereby repealed.
Mr. BAYLY submitted that the amendment
was not in order.
The CHAIRMAN thought that the amend-
ment was not in order, and so ruled.
Mr. ASHMUN appealed from the decision of
the Chair, and asked for tellers.
The CHAIRMAN ruled that the amendment
was not in order, as it violated, in the first in-
stance, the 51st rule, which was, that " no ap-
' propriation shall be reported in such general ap-
' propriation bills, or be in order, as an amend-
' ment thereto, for any expenditure not previously
' authorized by law, unless in continuation of ap-
' propriations for such public works and objects
' as are already in progress, and for the contin-
• gencies for carrying on the several Departments
' of the Government." It was also in violation
of the 131st rule, which required that " no motion
• or proposition for a tax or charge upon the
' people shall be discussed the day on which it is
• made or offered; and every such proposition
• shall receive its first discussion in a Committee
' of the Whole House."
Mr. HARRIS moved that the committee rise,
and on that motion asked for tellers. Tellers
were ordered, and Messrs. Caldwell, of Ken-
tucky, and Briggs were appointed; and the ques-
tion being taken, it was decided in the negative—
ayes 57, noes 97.
So the committee refused to rise.
The question recurred, Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the committee?
which question was taken by tellers, (Messrs.
Williams, and Thompson, of Mississippi, act-
ing,) and decided in the affirmative—ayes 91,
noes 85.
So the amendment was ruled out of order.
Mr. JOHN A. KING moved to add to the bill
the following:
" Towards the introduction of pure water into the city of
Washington, $100,000, to be expended under the direction
of the Commissioner of the Public Buildings, agreeably to
the estimates submitted by Colonel Hughes at the present
session of Congress."
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out of
order, because the appropriation it contained was
not authorized by law.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, moved to
add the following to the bill:
Sec. —. Whenever any manufactured article is import-
ed, on which a less duty is chargeable by existing laws than
is charged on the raw material of which it is in part or in
whole composed, such article shall be charged ten per cent,
ad valorem more than is chargeable on any part of the raw
material of which it is composed.
Sec. —. Tin in plates, unmanufactured, shall be free of
duty; brandy, and other spirits distilled from grain, shall
pay two hundred per cent, ad valorem; the duties on Un-
seed oil and window glass shall be thirty per cent.
Sec. —. The duties on all cordage and yarn, composed
wholly or in part of hemp or grass ; on all manufactures,
composed wholly or in part of sheep's wool; on all manu-
factures of hemp, and an all refined sugars, shall be re-
spectively ten per centum ad valorem over and above the
duty now assessed by law on hemp and sheep's wool; the
duty on made-up clothing, and shoes and boots, shall be
fifty per cent.
Sec. —. Articles of foreign manufacture, and any pack-
ages of such articles bearing any names, brands, or marks
of manufacturers resident in the United States, are hereby
absolutely prohibited to be imported; nor shall any such
names, brands, «r marks, be stamped or placed on goods
after their importation, under the same penalties as if they
had been fraudulently imported.
Sec That from and after the 15th day of April, 1851,
the duties imposed by the act of 30th January, 1846, enti-
tled " An act reducing the duty on imports and for other
purposes," shall be levied on goods, wares, and merchan-
dise imported into the United States agreeably to the aver-
age value which similar articles bore in Boston, Provi-
dence, New York, Philadelphia, Charleston, and New
Orleans, on the 1st day of December, 1846, when said act
went into effect, to be ascertained and fixed under the di-
rection of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. McDONALD raised the question of order,
that the amendment proposed to change existing
laws, and was therefore not in order.
The CHAIRMAN sustained the point, and
ruled the amendment out of order.
Mr. STEVENS appealed from this decision,
and demanded tellers.
The question now being, Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the commit-
tee? it was taken by tellers, (Messrs. Breck and
La Sere acting,) and decided in the affirmative—
ayes 94, noes 80.
So the amendment was ruled out of order.
Mr. GRINNELL moved to amend the bill by
adding the following:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That on and after the
first day of April next, in lieu of the duties heretofore im-
posed by law on the articles hereinafter mentioned, tbe fol-
lowing rates of duties shall be levied, collected, and paid,
upon pig-iron, old and scrap-iron, castings of iron, iron in
slabs, blooms, bars or bolts, railroad iron, iron axles and
tires; upon braziers, nail, wire, spike, slit, and other rods,
iron pipe; upon band, scroll, sheet, and hoop iron ; boiler
or plate iron, and every description of hammered, rolled,
or slit iron not herein specified, and upon iron wire and
spikes, the duties shall be assessed upon the average prices,
with all charges subject to duty by law added thereto, which
like descriptions of iron bore in the principal ports of the
country whence imported during the ten calendar years im-
mediately preceding the year of importation, such values
and chaises to be ascertained and declared by the Secretary
of the Treasury as the basis upon which the duties shall be
assessed for each succeeding fiscal year; and upon the av-
erage values so ascertained and declared, the duties shall
be thirty-seven and one-half per centum ad valorem : Pro-
vided, further, That any excess of duty imposed by this act
over existing laws on any railroad iron imported for the use
of any railroad within two years after tbe passage of this
act, and actually and permanently laid down for the use of
such railroad within three years after the passago of this
act, shall be remitted by tbe Secretary of the Treasury on
satisfactory proof being furnished that such iron was so im-
ported and laid down ; that on and after tbe 1st day of April
next, the duties upon linseed oil, and upon all manufactures
composed wholly or in part of cotton, not otherwise pro-
vided for in this act, shall be thirty per centum ad valorem ;
and upon window-glass, glass ware, and copperas, and all
manufactures composed wholly or in part of hemp, jute,
grass, or sheep's wool, including yarns, and upon colored,
printed, and stained manufactures, composed wholly or in
part of cotton, and upon refined sugar, the duties shall be
thirty-five per centum ad valorem; except on blankets not
colored or stained, made wholly of sheep's wool, the actual
value of which at the time and place of export, including
all charges subject to duty, shall not exceed seventy-five
cents each, and of dimensions not less than seventy-four
by fifty-four inches, the duty upon which shall be twenty-
five per centum ad valorem ; and upon sheathing copper
and nheathing metal of fourteen to thirty-four ounces per
square foot, in sheets of forty-eight inches long and four-
teen inches wide, and upon ingot and refined copper the du-
ties shall be five per centum ad valorem; and upon all de-
scriptions of iron notherein provided for, and steel, except
cast steel, and upon all machinery and manufactures, of j
which iron or steel is the material of chief value, except
anchors and chain cables, and on bituminous coal, the du-
ties shall be thirty-seven and one half per centum ad valo-
rem ; that on and after the 1st day of April next the follow-
ing articles shall be exempt from duty, in addition to those
now exempt by law, namely: i ndigo, berries, nuts, and vege-
tables used principally in dyeing or composing dyes, all
dye woods in stick, Brazil wood, cochineal, gum arabic,
§uin Senegal, gum tragacauth, kelp, kermes, lac dye, mad-
er, madder-root, shell lac, sumac, turmeric, weld, raw
silk, gutta percha unmanufactured, india rubber in bottles
or sheets, jute, cutch, terra japonica, alcornoque, crude
brimstone, burr-stones, grindstones, clay unwrought, palm
leaf unmanufactured, and emery stone.
Mr. HIBBARD raised a point of order against
the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN decided that it was out of
order.
Mr. GRINNELL said that he would not con-
sume the time of the committee by taking an ap-
peal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. BRECK moved to add the following to the
bill:
" For the payment of (he contingent expenses of the late
Joseph Eve, while charge d'affaires of the United States
to the late Republic of Texas, $500, to be paid to his widow
Elizabeth Eve."
Mr. JONES raised a question of order against
the amendment; and
The CHAIRMAN ruled it out of order.
Mr. WALDEN moved the following amend-
ment:
"And the Clerk of the House is hereby directed to pur-
chase for the use of members of the House and Senate, and
for the Libraries of Congress, one thousand copies of Pirs-
son's Patent Laws of all Nations: Provided, The same shall
not exceed $3 per copy bound in the usual style."
Mr. HIBBARD raised a question of order
against the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN decided the amendment to
be out of order.
Mr. TUCK renewed the amendment last offered
by Mr. Grinnell, in relation to the tariff, with
the exception that the modification should take
place on the 1st day of May instead of the 1st day
| of April.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out of
| order, both upon the ground that he had previ-
ously decided, and on the ground that it was the
. same amendment which had been offered before.
Mr. TUCK appealed from the decision, when—
The CHAIRMAN was sustained.
Mr. HAYMOND offered an amendment (a copy
| of which was not procured) which the Chairman
j ruled out of order.
Mr. HOLMES offered the following amend-
ment:
" Be it enacted, That the marshal of South Carolina shall
receive the same fee as the marshals of other districts of
the United States."
Mr. EWING rose to a point of order against
the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN ruled it out of order.
On motion by Mr. BAYLY, the committee
then rose and reported the bill to the House.
The question being on agreeing to the amend-
ments reported from the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union,
Mr. BAYLY moved the previous question,
which was seconded; and, under the operation
thereof, the amendments to which there was no
objection were agreed to.
The question was then on the amendment (a
separate vote upon which had been called for by
Mr. Cable, of Ohio) providing for the payment
for the printing of twenty thousand copies of the
commercial statement; and it was concurred in.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
' ment (upon which Mr. Marshall had railed for
a separate vote) providing against territorial offi-
cers absenting themselves from their offices; and
it was concurred in.
I The question was next on concurring with the
. committee, in striking out the following paragraph:
| " For surveying the public lands, in addition to the unex-
pended balance of former appropriations, viz: For survey-
ing the public lands, including incidental expenses, woe
apportioned to the several districts according to the exigen-
cies of the public serviee, the part to be applied to the su y
required by the location and survey of private e ,
Florida, to be disbursed at augmented rates, $ , •
Provided, That no land bounty for miJ'^y.85 Jed 'TiT^t
by the act of the 28th of September, 1850, entiM An act
granting bounty land to certain °™ce^L™ ,h iTnjtpj
have been en^ged in the military £f *e United
States,' or by virtueof any other MtofCo P*. ... ^
passed granting land bounties for f brought into
satisfied out of any public land
market, and now subject to entry at private sale under ex
i isting laws."
