1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
679
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state, for the I
information of the House, that this section of the j
bill was at first amended by the committee, by jj
striking out the proviso. Afterwards the commit- : j
tee voted to strike out the whole section. The ! i
Chair has repeatedly decided that when a section |
is first amended and afterwards stricken out, the , j
amendment falls, and the question is only on stri- : j
king out the entire section of the bill. The ques- j
tion, therefore, now before the House is on agree- ,j
ing to the recommendation of the Committee of
the Whole to strike out the section which has !
just been reported. 1
Mr. TOOMBS. I appeal from that decision. -
It is entirely wrong.
Mr. JONES desired to make a statement.
He
said that the proviso in this paragraph had been
first stricken out on his motion; and that the re-
maining portion of the section had been subse-
quently stricken out on the motion of the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Vinton.] He insisted, there-
fore, that there were two separate amendments to . j
the bill; and the question was first on concurring i
in the amendment made on his motion to strike I
out the proviso. I
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state, in j
■order that the House may vote understanding^ i
upon the subject, the grounds upon which he has j
made the decision in regard to this amendment. |
The Committee of the Whole had made an I
amendment to this section of the bill. After the >
section had been amended, they voted to strike
out the whole section. The Chair has repeatedly
decided—and the House has sustained him in
that decision—that when a section of a bill has
been amended by the Committee of the Whole,
and afterwards the whole section stricken out, the
amendment is lost, and the only report the com-
mittee can make is that they have stricken out
the section. The Chair has, therefore, decided
that the only question before the House is on
concurring with the recommendation of the Com- ;
mittee of the Whole, "that the section be stricken i
out. From that decision the gentleman from j
Georgia [Mr. Toombs] appeals. j
Mr. VINTON wished to make an inquiry as to 1
the effect of the failure of the motion to strike out. |
The SPEAKER ruled that no remarks were
in order.
The question now being, Shall the decision of j
the Chair stand as the judgment of the House. ;
Mr. TOOMBS demanded the yeas and nays; j
which were ordered.
The question was then taken, and the decision
of the Chair was sustained—yeas 104, nays 71— .
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ashmun, Bayly, Bennett Bissell,Boyd,
Brack, Brisbin, Brooks, Albert G. Brown, Barrows, Burt,
Joseph P. Caldwell, Clarke, CHngman, Colcock, Cole,
Conner, Daniel, Danner, Deberry, Dickey, Dixon, Duncan, |
Eliot, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans, Ewing, Fuller, j
<Jentry, Gerry, Gilbert, Goodenow, Gott, Gould, Grinnell, :
Halloway, Hamilton, Hampton, Henry, Hibbard, Milliard, ,
Holmes, Houston, Howard, Hunter, Joseph W. Jackson,
Kerr, George G. King, James G. King, John A. Kins, La
S£re, Leffler, Littleficld.Horace Mann, Job Mann, Matte-
Son, McCIemand, McDowell, McLanahan, McMullen,
Meaebam, Meade, Daniel F. Miller, Moore, Morehead,
Morris, Morse, Morton, Nelson, Otis, Outlaw. Peaslee,
Peek, Penn, Kich&rdson, Rwley, Bobbins, Rockwell, Rose,
fiumsey, Sackett, Sawtelle, Schenck, Sehermerhorn,
Schoolcraft, Seddon, Shepperd, Sprague, Stanly, Frederick
P. Stanton, Thaddeus Stevens, Stetson, Strong, Sweetser,
Jacob Thompson, Thurman, Tuck, Underbill, Van Dyke,
Vinton, Waldo, Wentworth, White, and Wilmot—104.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Anderson, An- i
drews, Ashe, Averett, Bay, Bingham, Bowie, Briggs, Wm.
J. Brown, Butler, E. C. Cabell, Joseph Cable, George A. ;
Caldwell, Campbell, Cartter, Casey. Cleveland, W. R. W.
Cobb, Dimmick, Doty, Dunham, Featberston, Fitch, Gil-
more, Gorman, Green, Hall, Hammond, Haralson, Harlan,
I. G. Harris, Haymond, Holladay, Howe, Robert W. John- I!
•on, Jones, Marshall, McDonald, McGaughey, R. M. Mc-
Lane,Mctineen, McWillie, J.K.Miller, Millson, Newell, 1
Ogle, Orr, Parker, Pitman, Potter, Powell, Reed, Ross, Sav-
age, Silvester, Spaalding, Richard H. Stanton, Alex. H.
Stephens, Taylor, Thomas, Toombs, Walden, Wallace,
Watkins, Wellborn, Whittlesey, Wildrick, Williams, and
Woodward—71.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
The question now being on concurring with the |
committee in striking out the paragraph, |
Mr.MARSHALLdemandedtheyeasandnays; i
bat they were not ordered.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was agreed to. |
Mr. JONES moved to "reconsider the vote by
which it was agreed to, and to lay that motion on
the table. The latter motion was agreed to.
The amendment striking out the provision for
the extension of Pennsylvania Avenue to George-
town, was concurred in, on a division, byayes78,
noes 58.
The other amendments of the committee, on
which a separate vote had been asked, were con-
curred in.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and having been engrossed, ac-
cording to order, was read the third time.
The question now being, " Shall the bill pass ?"
Mr. JONES demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered; and being taken, were—yeas
127, nays 55; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Alston, Anderson, An-
drews, Ashmun, Bayly, Beale, Bennett, Bissell, Bowie,
Breck, Brisbin, Brooks, Billiard, Burrows, Burt, Butler,
E. C. Cabell, JoeephP. Caldwell,Campbell,Casey,Chand-
ler, Clarke, Cleveland, Clingman, Cole, Conger, Danner,
DeDerry, Dimmick, Dixon, Duncan, Eliot, A. Evans, Na-
than Evans, Fitch, Freedley, Fuller, Giddings, Gilbert,
Gott, Gould, Gnnnell, Halloway, Hammond, Hampton,
Hay, Haymond, Henry, Hilliard, Holmes, Houston, Howe,
Hunter, Joseph W. Jackson, Kerr, George G. King, James
G. King, John A. King, La Sdre, Leffler, Littlefield, Horace
Mann, Job Mann, Marshall, Matte son, McDowell, Mc-
Gaughey, McKissock, McLanahan, Moore, Morehead,
Mofris, Morse, Morton, Nelson, Newell, Ogle, Otis, Out-
law, Owen, Peaslee, Peck, Penn, Phoenix, Pitman, Pot-
ter, Putnam, Reed, Risley, Robbins, Rockwell, Rose, Ross,
Runuey, Sackett, Sawtelle, Schenck, Sehermerhorn,
Schoolcraft, Shepperd, Silvester, Spaulding, Sprague, Stan-
ly, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Thaddeus
Stevens, Stetson, Taylor, James Thompson, Thurman, Un-
derbill, Van Dyke, Vinton, Walden, Waldo, Watkins, well-
born, Wentworth, White, Wildrick, and Williams—127.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Ashe, Averett, Bay, Bell,
Bingham, Boyd, A. G. Brown, Buel, Joseph Cable, George
A. Caldwell, Cartter, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colcock,
Daniel, Doty, Dunham, Edmundson, Featherston, Gilmnre,
Green, Haralson, Harlan, tsbam G. Harris, Sampson W.
Harris, T. L. Hams, Hibbard, Holladay, Howanl, Inge,
Andrew Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Jones, Julian, Mc-
Donald, Robert M. McLane, McMullen, McQueen, Mc-
Willie, John K. Miller, Millson, Morrison, Orr, Parker,
Phelps, Powell, Richardson, Savage, Seddon, Sweetser,
Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Wallace, Whittlesey, and Wil-
mot—55.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. BAYLY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and to lay that motion
on the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee of Ways and Means, reported back
sundry bills referred to them.
Mr. B. said that the Committee of Ways and
Means had had under consideration the amend-
ments of the Senate to the Indian appropriation
! bill. These were principally verbal, only one of
| them changing the amount of appropriation, and
that reducing it. He therefore moved that the
House concur in the amendments.
The motion was agreed to under the operation
j of the previous question.
Mr. BAYLY, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, to which was referred the Military
Academy bill, with the amendment of the Senate
thereto, reported the same back with the recom-
mendation that the House do not concur in said
amendment. Referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BAYLY, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, to which were referred the following
bill and joint resolution of the Senate, reported the
same back with the recommendation that they be
laid on the table:
An act to provide compensation to sueh persons
as may be designated by the Secretary of the
Treasury to receive and keep the public money
under the fifteenth section of the act of 6th Au-
gust, 1846, for the additional services required by
that act.
A joint resolution directing payment of the
awards made by the Board of Commissioners
organized to carry into effect certain stipulations
of the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo.
Which were accordingly laid on the table.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
On motion by Mr. BAYLY, the House then
went into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Boyd in the chair,) and proceeded
to consider the amendment of the Senate to the
Military Academy bill, viz: add thereto the follow-
ing words: " For erecting riding hall $12,000."
Mr. SWEETSER moved to strike out " riding"
and insert " dancing." [Laughter.]
Mr. JOHN A. KING. Can I address the com-
mittee in opposition to the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Ohio. I hope it will not be adopted.
Mr. BAYLY. You can speak for an hour if
you like. [Laughter.]
Mr. KING said that he was1 in favor of the
amendment proposed by the Senate. The prop-
osition had been made at the last session of Con-
gress, and was recommended by the superior offi-
cers and the best authorities in the Army, as af-
fording a better plan to discipline the cadets than
any other. The presentriding at that school was
unsafe and insecure, and altogether unfit for the
necessary exercises to discipline the young men of
the country, to fit them for the cavalry ana the ar- .
tillery or field service.
Mr. PHELPS inquired why the young gentle-
men cadets could not exercise riding in tne open
air?
Mr. KING said he would answer. During a
considerable portion of the year it was impossible
to exercise in the open air ; and in addition to this
they could not so well be under the control and su-
pervision of the riding master.
The hour having arrived when by resolution
the committee must rise, the committee took a re-
cess until six o'clock.
PETITIONS, &.c.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
Under the rule and referred to appropriate committees:
By Mr. MATTESON: The petition of Bradshaw Good-
ale, and 38 others, citizens of Washington connty, New
York, in favor of additional compensation for taking the
census.
By Mr. GOULD: The petition of W. D. Hill, assistant
marshal, and others, asking additional compensation for
services in taking the census and making schedules, fee.
By Mr, COLE: The petition of Royal Buck, and others,
assistant marshals, for increased compensation for taking
census.
Also, a memorial of the Legislature of Wisconsin^ for the
establishment of a mail route from Prescott, on Willow riv-
er, to Oceola, St. Croix falls.
By Mr. ROSE: The petition of Franklin Carter, Henry
C. Grout, and others, citizens of Lima, Livingston county,
New York, praying for additional compensauon to deputy
marshals.
By Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania: The petition of
Charles McNair, and a number of inhabitants of Pennsyl-
vania, on the subject of a road from the Atlantic to the Pa-
cific.
By Mr. GOODENOW: The petition of Simeon Hall and
55 other citizens of Portland, in the State of Maine, asking
for the repeal of the fugitive slave law.
By Mr. MANN, of Massachusetts: The petition of F.
W. Bird, and 112 others, all of Walpole, in the State of Mas-
sachusetts, and 80 of whom are legal voters, praying for the
immediate repeal of the fugitive slave law.
EVENING SESSION.
At six o 'clock the committee resumed its ses-
sion, (Mr. Boyd, of Kentucky, in the chair,) the
pending question being on the amendment of the
Senate to the Military Academy bill, viz: To in-
sert an appropriation of $12,000 for the erection of
a riding-hall; which Mr. Sweetser had moved
to amend by striking out " riding," and inserting
" dancing.
Mr. JOHN A. KING, in continuation, pro-
ceeded to say: It would be in the recollection of
the committee that, at the last session of Congress,
when the annual appropriation for the support of
the West Point Academy was the subject of de-
bate, he moved an amendment, providing for the
erection of a riding-school at that place, which
was not adopted. When a similar appropriation
was under discussion at this session, he did not
venture to propose it again. And the bill passed
as reported by the Committee of Ways and
Means, with a single amendment, relating to the
pay and emoluments of the adjutant of the corps
at West Point. But now, when the bill comes
back from the Senate, with an appropriation for
the erection of a riding-school, which has fre-
quently been recommended by the officers of the
Academy, as well as by those best qualified and
authorized to decide upon its value as a part of the
necessary accomplishments of an officer, I avail
myself of the opportunity and the advantage which
the sanction of that body affords, to sustain, in
the best way that I can, the amendment which
the Senate has made. The object of the appro-
priation is to erect such a building as shall be of
Sufficient capacity, and of such form and shape as
shall render it adequate to the purposes of instruc-
tion in riding.
It is not a new proposition before the commit-
tee that a riding-school of the character proposed
should be erected at West Point. There is a
building at that place now which is used for that
purpose; but it is unsafe, from its form and size,
both for the horses and their riders. And hence
the effort now and heretofore made for the con-
struction of a riding-school of proper dimensions.
