680
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 25,
We are all acquainted with the character of that
national institution, of the high qualifications of
those,who have charge of the instruction which
is there afforded. We all appreciate the value of
that instruction to the country, as well as to those
who have been its recipients. They have shown
it on the field of battle, and in all the walks of
private life, after having fulfilled their engagements
to the country which educated them. The old
adversaries of this institution cannot but admit,
'what has been so well proved as to need no com- j horses were to be provided ?
ment at my hands, that it is an institution where ; Mr. KING said, no additional ones
.1 .1 '1J . _V n .1 : - v j 
adding to the system of high instruction thus im-
parted one of the most manly and necessary ac-
complishments of an officer, that we are either
■ idly, or without object or adequate result, squan-
J dering the money of the people. I hope, there-
i fore, the amendment may prevail,
j Mr. McMULLEN asked what was the amount
of the provision ?
Mr. KING replied, $12,000.
! Mr. McMULLEN asked what number of
Mr. BAYLY moved that the committee rise.
The motion prevailed, and the committee rose;
and, the Speaker having resumed the chair, the
i chairman reported progress.
| Mr. BAYLY moved that all debate in Commit-
■ tee of the Whole on the state of the Union on the
j amendments of the Senate to the Military Acad-
j emy bill be closed in five-minutes after the House
] shall have again resolved itself into committee.
] The motion was agreed to.
EXPLANATIONS.
j Mr. CHANDLER said: In a recent discussion
i of the Branch Mint, the Representative from the
I fifth district of New York, in some remarks, im-
peached the veracity of the Director of the Mint
; at Philadelphia. I rose immediately to ask an ex- i
planation, when 1 was ruled out of order, and
! compelled to take my seat. I have recently
learned that not only he and some other members
understood me to say that I had authority from
. the Director that the Mint could immediately meet
the demands of depositors; but yesterday I ascer-
tained that the Globe, the official paper, had so re-
ported me. I did not so state it. Before the gentle-
man from New York spoke I had offered an amend-
ment to the pending bill fixing the time for prompt
payment, on the authority of the Director of the
Mint, at the 30th of April next. And at the time
of my speaking I exhibited to several gentlemen
around me (but evidently the gentleman from New
York and some others did not see it) the dispatch
which contained the authority for my remark and
amendment. With this explanation I am sure my
friend will withdraw his unjust imputation upon
tin estimable gentleman.
Mr. BRIGGS. The explanation of my hon-
orable friend, the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Chandler,] relative to the remarks pending |
the discussion of the Branch Mint bill, satisfies
me that I misapprehended him; and it is, there- !
fore, due tathe Director of the Mint, Dr. R. M.
Patterson, that I should withdraw my remarks
upon his conduct, especially those implicating his !
veracity, which I cheerfully do.
On motion by Mr. BAYLY, the House again .
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole, and ;
resumed the consideration of the Senate amend-
ment to the Military Academy bill, (Mr. Boyd in
the chair.)  
Mr. CARTTER said: Mr. Chairman, lam op-
posed to the adoption of the pending amendment,
and also the amendment to the amendment. The
proposition to erect a house at West Point for
horse-back exercise, can excite no other sensation
than a broad laugh through the country and
among a people taught to manage the horse in
the field and the forest, over hills and through
valleys, leaping fences and ditches, among stone
and logs, in sunshine and rain, Winter and Sum-
mer. You propose to expend $12,000, with the
prospect of $3,000 or $4,000 annually to keep it
• j. up, for what purpose? Why, to be sure, to teach
the young Napoleons of tne Republic to ride
horse in a house. [Laughter.] To fill up the pic- '
ture, the Government ought to employ Madame
Loyo to teach them. You might as well teach a
child to walk by binding his limbs, as to teach
equestrianism for the field in a. house! The amend-
ment can only be justified upon the hypothesis
that the cavalry conflicts in the future are to trans-
pire within the walls of houses. This proposition, ,
like the institution with which it is connected, is !
calculated to train up a Zegfion of effeminate hot-house,
, band-box heroes. [Laughter.] My friend from the
seem right and proper that the appropriation Long Island district [Mr. King] appears to be very
asked for in this amendment of the Senate should I j tenderly affected towards the promising school of
 i? ac<?ePte.^ by this committee. And I yet hope ' national wards at West Point. In seeking to put
that the views which I have presented may have : them under cover in their horseback exercise, Mr.
some weight m favor of such a decision. I can- ., Chairman, it would be a great cruelty and pity to ,
Ac a a m°wnt beHeve> that in affording to the ' expose the tender cheek of these embryo heroes to
emy at West Point the necessary means of [j the rays of an out-door sun on horseback, or a ,
die children of the rich and the poor are alike re
ceived and instructed, and fitted to become emi-
nently useful, either as leaders of the military
forces of the country or as citizens in the various
pursuits of civil life. Its course of instruction
and discipline, both of body and mind, is so well
known and so thoroughly approved, that I am
persuaded this committee will reluctantly decline
to make the necessary appropriation for a riding-
school, and thus refuse to render that course of !
instruction more perfect, and its recipients more
accomplished and Detter fitted to discharge all the
duties which, as officers or citizens, they may at
any time be called upon to perform. We have
made the annual appropriation of$142,528 for the
support of this institution. And, as we have had
a long experience of its power and capacity to
send forth from time to time a youthful band,
ever ready in any emergency which may arise to
give all their energies to the service of their coun-
try, I ask, under these circumstances, whether it
would not be for the advantage of the youth who
are there formed and prepared for public or private
life, that this manly accomplishment in all its per-
fection should be added tothe solid improvements
in all the branches of science? What higher tes-
timony has ever, or can ever be borne to the char-
acter of that institution, and to the high qualities of
the officers of our Army, than was afforded by the
war with Mexico ? Whatgraduate of West Point
failed to carry out to the highest point of honor, cour-
age, and fidelity, the trust which the country had
reposed in him ? These facts appeal very strongly ;
to the country, and to the representatives of the
people, not to withhold this appropriation which
is intended to increase the efficiency and accom-
plishment of the officers of the American Army.
An officer of the cavalry to be qualified to command
and direct a squadron of hcrse, should be a good
horseman; should not only know how to ride well
himself, but should also know how to control the
power and spirit of the noble animal whfch bears
him, so as to give to both man and horse the great-
est combined force in the day of battle. He
should, too, by regular training and steady prac-
tice in the mustered troop, learn to direct the
movements of those less skilled in the manage-
ment of themselves and their horses. These can
only be well taught in a riding-school, where both
man and horse are under the close and vigilant eye
of the master—where a careless manner or an un-
safe seat, or unskillful management of the horse is
at one? seen and corrected. This accurate super-
vision of the man and the horse cannot be given j
in the open field, or at all seasons of the year; 1
and hence, in all military establishments abroad,
instruction in riding forms one of the branches of
an officer's education. The officers thus formed ,
in mind and body, will be qualified for command i
in the cavalry and light artillery, two of the most
efficient arms of the service. }
The battles in Mexico proved in an eminent ;
manner the high perfection to which this latter '
arm of the service has been carried. The horse
and his rider, well trained and efficient in the
highest degree, enabled the officer to manage and
direct the fire of his battery with a precision,
closeness, and rapidity, as remarkable as it was
destructive. In the present extended and almost
unguarded condition of our vast acquisitions from
Mexico, within which reside large tribes and rov-
ing bands of warlike and well-mounted Indians,
we are called upon to change the character of the
defensive force—cavalry must be substituted for
infantry. Now, then, more than ever, would it
slight rain or perhaps a little frost. It might unfit
them for the future campaigns of the Republic.
But, Mr. Chairman, if the committee shall con-
clude to build a house for the horseback riding of
cadets, I hope they will provide wooden horses,
and not wrong the noble living animal by confining
his exercise to a house. Finally, Mr. Chairman,
if I was seriously to propose a place to make
horsemen of the boys at West Point, I would
mount them and turn them out upon the Catskill
mountains, to climb the hills and thread the valleys
of the neighborhood.
Mr. SWEETSER inquired if the five minutes
rule had been adopted ?
The CHAIRMAN, in reply, said that it had
been adopted.
Mr. SWEETSER. I simply desire to state, as
I suppose those gentlemen understand it without
any exceptions, that by the amendment I have
proposed, we shall be able to cut off and destroy the
whole amendment of the Senate. I am aware of
the feeling that exists in some portions of the coun-
try with regard to this institution. My constitu-
ents 
Mr. SACKETT called the gentleman from Ohio
to order.
The CHAIRMAN ruled that the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Sweetser] was entitled to the
floor, and that he was in order.
Mr. SWEETSER. I am aware, that in some
parts of the country it is unpopular for any one
to attack this institution at West Point. But I
desire to advise those gentlemen who advocate
this measure, to pause before they press this kind
of legislation upon the country. We all recollect
that at the last session of Congress the same
amendment was proposed in this House by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Kino,] and he
made a speech in its favor. I have no doubt of his
sincerity in. the matter now; but whatever that
gentleman may think with regard to the propriety
of this amendment, I desire to say that the people
of the portion of the country I represent desire no
such thing as a riding-school at West Point.
Mr. SACKETT, (interposing.) The amend-
ment, as I understand it, has been already advo-
cated by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
King,] and opposed by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Cartter;] therefore the gentleman was out
of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The speeches to which the
gentleman alludes were made before the five min-
utes rule was adopted, and it is the opinion of the
Chair that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sweet-
ser] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SWEETSER. I wish to have it under-
stood, that the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Sackett] cannot embarrass me by these interrup-
tions. I was about remarking, that the section of.
the country which I represent are opposed to this
institution at West Point. They understand per-
fectly well that it is receiving patronage from this
Government as an institution that exists by suffer-
ance, and not because there is any partiality for it.
I represent my constituents truly, upon this floor,
when I offer every objection that I may reasonably
urge against this institution. I believe a feeling
against it exists throughout the whole western
country. The argument of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. King,] struck me as being—I
will not say partial, but singular, coming as it did
from a gentleman of so much experience and intel-
ligence. He says that it is necessary to educate
these young men in horsemanship, that they may
be able, when sent upon the frontiers, to success-
fully repel the aggressions of the Indians. I can
inform the gentleman that the young men of the
West, who enter the institution at West Point, are
horsemen before they enter it, and they are able
to command and guide their horses too. They will
not thank you for the facilities of the kind pro-
posed in this bill.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken on Mr. Sweet-
ser's amendment to the amendment; and it was
decided in the negative. ,
The question then recurring on the amendment
of the Senate, it was taken, and the amendment
was not agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the committee rise,
and report the bill; which motion was agreed to.
The committee then rose accordingly; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, the chairmwi
reported that the committee had had under consid-
