1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
681
eration tbe Union generally, and particularly a 1 sociates desire. I have received a communication
Senate amendment to the Military Academy bill, ' from the Secretary of State upon that subject,
and had directed him to report that amendment j' which I desire to be read, and which, in my opin-
j _    *   1     1 ~    1 .• uni ha tnifl naint
with a recommendation that it do not pass.
The question was then taken upon concurring
in the Senate amendment; and it was not agreed ;
to. . !
Mr. BAYLY moved that the House resolve it- i
self into Committee of the Whole on the state of .
the Union.
Mr. JONES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the House on yesterday determined to take
a recess from half-past three o'clock until six
o'clock. He did not wish it disposed of then, but
merely to have it entered and disposed of there-
after.
The SPEAKER stated that the motion pending
before the House was that made by the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. BatltJ and therefore
the motion of the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Jones] could not be entertained.
The question was then taken on Mr. Batly's
motion, and carried in the affirmative.
MEXICAN INDEMNITY BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Botd in the chair.)
On motion by Mr. BAYLY, the committee
proceeded to the consideration of the bill to pro-
vide for carrying into execution, in further part,
the twelfth article of the treaty with Mexico, con-
cluded at Guadalupe Hidalgo.
Mr. BAYLY. I have very little to say about
this bill. I am not disposed to detain the commit-
tee, therefore, for any length of time. This bill is
the counterpart of one that was very fully dis-
cussed at the last session of Congress, in both
branches of the Legislature. But as I know that
there have been many pamphlets written in refer-
ence to this matter, and many newspaper articles
indited in relation thereto, it appears to be proper
for me to say a few words.
In the first place, then, I think that the duty of
Congress in reference to this matter, is exceeding-
ly plain. We have a treaty by which we are
bound to make the payment to Mexico, for this
installment, in the city of Mexico; that is the treaty.
Our Government has made a contract with the
firms of Baring & Brothers, Howland & Aspin-
wall, and Corcoran & Riggs, (the first being an
English house, and the last two American houses,)
to make that payment, and they have agreed to
make a discount to us of three and a half per cent,
to make that payment. If advances are made by
our Government on account of it, they have
agreed to discount the interest. That is the con-
tract.
But Mr. Marks and his associates have been ,
memoralizing Congress, and they have addressed
themselves not only to this House, but also to the
Committee of Ways and Means, insisting that we
should carry out the arrangement which they have
made. Well, now, the first answer that I have to
make to that proposition (which I only answer in
advance, because I know it is to be made a matter
of discussion here) is, that, in my opinion, all that
Congress has to do with the matter, is to appro-
Eriate the money to make this payment and to
■ave it to the Administration, to whom it belongs,
to negotiate for the payment. I am free to admit
that there may be an exception to this; that, as i
representatives of the people, if we believe that
there was any impropriety in this negotiation, any
corruption in it, we might interpose to arrest
it. But, having seen no evidence of impropriety
after the most diligent inquiry into it, it does seem
to me that when the Congress of the United States
has appropriated the money to make this payment,
it has exhausted its functions, and that it is to be
left to the Administration to do purely an admin-
istrative duty—to make the payment. That is my I
view of the subject.
But, sir, I undertake to go beyond this point, at '■
which I think I might stop, and to say that the
competing proposition of Mr. Marks and his as- ^
sociates is entirely inadmissible.
In the first place, without a new treaty we have j
no right to concede to their terms. This committee !
will recollect that at the last session of Congress
I took the ground here, (although I did not elabo-
rate it very largely,) that without a new treaty
upon this subject we had no right to make the
payment in the mode that Mr. Marks and his vis-
ion, is perfectly conclusive on this point.
The Clerk then read the letter, as follows:
Department or State,
Washinotoh, February 19,1851.
To tbe Hon. Thomas H. B ayly,
Chairman of the Committee of Ways and Meaiu
of the House of Representatives :
Sir : I h te read the communication of the 30th ultimo,
addressed to you by Mr. B. E. Green, relative to a contract
alleged to have been made with the Mexican Government
by Mr. J. D. Marks, for the payment of the third and fourth
installments due to thatGovernment pursuant to the treaty .
of Guadalupe Hidalgo. As the author of that communica-
tion seems either net to understand or to disregard the obli-
gations of this Government, and the rights of Mexico as
expressed in that treaty, I quote the second paragraph of
the twelfth article, which is the passage applicable to the
case:
" Immediately after this treaty shall have been duly rati-
fied by the Government of the Mexicau Republic, the sum
of $3,000,000 shall be paid to the said Government by that
of the United States, at the city ef Mexico, in the gold or
silver coin of Mexico. The remaining $12,000,000 shall b« j
paid at the same place, and in the same coin, m annual in- 1
stallments of $3,000,000 each, together with interest on the
same, at the rate of six per cent, per annum. This interest :
shall begin to run upon the whole sum of '$12,000,000, j
from the day of the ratification of the present treaty by the .
Mexican Government, and the first of the installments shall I
be paid at the expiration of one year from the same day. |
Together with each annual installment, as it falls due, the |
whole interest accruing on such installment from the begin- |
niag shall also be paid." i
This being a treaty stipulation, no branch of this Govern- j
ment can alter the obligations which it imposes upon the !
United States, or enlarge the rights to which it restricts the j
Mexican Government. This can legally be done only by an- ■
other treaty, duly negotiated and ratified. The article referred
to, confers no right upon the Mexican Government to draw
drafts upon the Treasury of the United States, and imposes
no obligation upon that Department either to accept or to
pay them. The Mexican Government is to receive its
money at stated times, in Mexican coin, at tbe city of
Mexico.
It is well known, that when the treaty was sent to the
Senate for ratification, the following words followed what
has been quoted from the twelfth article:
" Certificates, in proper form, for the said installments
respectively, in such sums as shall be desired by the Mexi-
can Government, and transferable by it, shall be delivered
to die said Government." ,
| But the Senate declined to advise the ratification of the
| treaty with these words in it; but amended it by striking \
I them from the article; and thus amended, the treaty was I
finally agreed to by both Governments. 1
Now, it is obvious that negotiable drafts on and accepted
by the Treasury, and returned to Mexico, would, in sub-
stance, conform to the certificates which the Senate, by its
proceedings in regard to the treaty, forbade the Government |
from issuing. In other words, this mode of proceeding
would, in effect, supersede the Senate's amendment, by ;
reinstating, In effect, the provision which it had struck out. ,
If any confirmation were needed of this plain meaning of
the treaty as it stands, it might be found iu the concluding
sentence of the following passage, from Mr. Buchanan's
instructions to Messrs. Sevier and Clifford, of the 18th
March, 1848:
" It cannot be denied that the twelfth article, as amended
by the Senate, contains a positive and unconditional obli-
gation, on the part of the United States, to pay the Mexican
Republic the sum of $12,000,000, in four annual installments
of $3,000,000 each, commencing one year after the ratifica-
tion of the treaty by the Mexican Government. Negotiable
or transferable certificates cannot, however, be issued for
that amount."
The payment of the money to Mexico, according to the
terms of the treaty, is an Executive duty of great delicacy
and responsibility, which, so far as we are aware, has hith-
erto been discharged to the entire satisfaction of thatGov-
ernment.
Congress has appropriated means fbr the payments, but in
order to make those means available where the payments
are due, it has been deemed advisable to emfloy, on behalf
of this Government, persons of acknowledged reputation
for ample pecuniary resources, probity, and prudence.
Snch agents can alone inspire the Government with confi-
dence that its obligations to Mexico will be fulfilled, while
their interests as members of the commercial community,
will impel tlieui so to discharge their duties, as to impart as ,
little disturbance as possible to the ordinary and natural
transactions of commerce.
I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obe- I
dient servant, DAN'L WEBSTER. !
Mr. BAYLY, (in continuation.) Mr. Chair-
man, it will be seen from that letter, that not only
does not the present treaty authorize any such ar-
rangement as that proposed by Mr. Marks and
his associates, but it also appears that the Senate
deliberately amended the treaty, so as to make it,
impossible that any such arrangement could be
entered into. So much for that point.
But, sir, there are one or two other matters to
which I wish to refer. And in doing this I wish
to be as brief as possible. I wish to do so the
more, because this whole matter was, as I have
already said, discussed at the last session of Con-
gress by both Houses. In their memorial, Mr.
Marks and associates come forward and charge,
that the Messrs. Barings, and Howland & As-
pinwall, and Corcoran & Riggs, have been shav-
ing the Mexican Government at the rate of one
and a half per cent, per month. Well, I desire to
know what we have got to do with that ? If they
were shaving them with our money—if we had
been advancing our money to them, to aid them
in shaving them, there might be something in it.
But after looking into this matter, I here state au-
thoratively, that our Government has not ad-
vanced a single dollar, no, not a single dollar upon
this indemnity.
Then, so far as the shaving of the Mexican
Government is concerned, we have nothing on
the face of the earth to do with it. If they are
shaving the Mexicans, they are doing it with their
eyes open, and with it we have nothing to do.
For myself, I am free to say, that I should have
been glad that these bankers, whose responsibili-
ty is undoubted, had taken the money from our
Treasury; because, by that arrangement, they
would have been bound to pay six per cent, for
it, when our public stocks in the market are not
paying five per cent. Besides, we would have ob-
tained interest upon funds which have been lying
idle in the Treasury. In a financial point of
view, therefore, if tney had taken our money to
carry out this stipulation, it would have been ad-
vantageous to us to the amount of the interest on
the advance. But, as I have already said, they
have not taken a single dollar of our money. All
their arrangements with the Mexican Government
have been on their own account, and have been
carried on with their own funds. I do not, there-
fore, see that it is a pertinent inquiry for us to
look into the private transactions of our agents
with the Mexican Government. I repeat, I do
not see the pertinency, of this inquiry. But if
you choose to go beyond and look into the matter,
to what does it amount ? It seems that the Ba-
rings have negotiated with their own funds, not
with ours. For to lend the Mexican Government
money at one and a half per cent, per month
Mr. HALL here made some remarks that were
inaudible to the Reporter.
Mr. BAYLY. My friend from Missouri says
that they have fine credit. Well, I am not pre-
pared to say that.
The rate of interest in different countries is very
different. In England, upon first-rate security,
money can be borrowed and loaned at three per
cent. Upon short call it can be borrowed at two
and a half per cent. Yet our Government bor-
rowed at one time lately at six per cent.; and at still
a former'period they borrowed at much below that
percentage. When our Government pay double
the usual rate of interest in England, it ought not
to excite the wonder of the American Congress
that Mexico, with her difficulties and her debt,
with her stocks quoted at fifty per cent, in the dol-
lar, cannot borrow money at less than double the
rate at which we borrow it.
But, sir, apart from this, what sort of an exhi-
bition does not Mr. Marks make in coming here
to insist that the American Congress shall inter-
pose between the Administration and the contract-
ors, so as to substitute him for them, upon the
ground that they are shaving the Mexican Gov-
ernment ? In their own memorial they state that
they would receive $210,000 for getting the drafts
of the Mexican Government accepted. They are
to get $210,000 merely for getting their drafts ac-
.cepted ! Up to that point the Mexican Govern-
ment does not get a dollar. Well, now, as to this
point of shaving, I do not see the difference in fa-
vor of the Mexican Government, whose guardi-
ans we are asked to become, between paying one
and a half per cent., were there only five months
to run, which will make seven and a half per cent.,
and paying $210,000 to have the drafts accepted,
and then a discount of the interest. Suppose that
it was not in conflict with our treaty—as in my
opinion itmost clearly is; suppose that we could do
it, as in my opinion we most clearly cannot;
suppose that we could adopt an arrangement
which the Senate, upon a solemn vote, declined to
authorize, I desire to know what benefit it would
be to our sister Republic?
But enough of this. I am weakening the report
of the Committee of Ways and Means in going
into these collateral matters. I should not have
gone into them at all if I had not known that they
would be pressed upon the House. The point of
our case, the ground upon which the Committee
of Ways and Means have acted, is, that we should
