684
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 25,
Ohio, that has not instinct enough, independent of
legal learning, to teach him, that the man to whom
the debt is due may discharge that indebtedness,
he ought to be thrown over the bar. [Roars of
laughter.] It is all gas, [renewed laughter,] and
is brought in here for the purpose of building up
between the honest and faithful discharge of a
debt, a technical, arbitrary, metaphysical abstrac-
tion, which amounts to nothing at all, and is not
creditable to anybody, not even to the learned
and august chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means. [Great laughter.]
But there is another point to which I wish to re-
fer. The chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means comes forward here, and very gravely
tells you that it is true that the Barings have
shaved Mexico on this money to the tune of one
and a half per cent, per month; that it is true the
Barings have made out of the Government of
Mexico eighteen per cent, per year upon the cred-
it of this nation; but very consolingly and self-
satisfactorily my learned friend says: " What
have we to do with the shaving?" " What have
•we to do with it, supposing they have shaved
Mexico ?" " What business is it to the American
Congress?" Well, now, I can answer themorale
of that argument, in supposing another case. I
will suppose a man, who furnishes tools to a
burglar to break into his neighbor's house, and the
burglar does it. I will suppose that the victim of
the burglary appeals to the man who furnished the
tools to break into the house, and then I will sup-
pose that he stands back and says: " What have
I to do with it? I did not break into your house.
What is it to me how much he has stolen of your
goods ? I only furnished him with the tools to do
it. That is all. The tools have no moral agency
in the matter; they could not think; they could
not will; they had not any criminal scientim."
Well, now, I ask this committee if the action of
this Congress, in furnishing to the British bank-
ing-house materials for extorting the substance
from a poor, weak, down-trodden, struggling Re-
public, is not just as bad as that of the man who
furnished the burglar with tools to rob his neigh-
bor?
Mr. KING, of New Jersey, (interposing) said:
If the gentleman will allow me to interrupt him, I
wish to ask, how far the gentleman's argument will
apply, when he is informed that, though the ap-
propriation was made six months ago, and though
the contractors took the contract six months ago,
they have not as yet touched one dollar of the
money?
Mr. CARTTER. That makes the case worse.
[Roars of laughter.]
Mr. KTNG. They have not touched a dollar.
Mr. ASHMUN. Will the gentleman let me .
ask him one question ?
Mr. CARTTER. Let me answer the question
of the gentleman from New Jersey first. The em-
ployment of the Barings to negotiate the pay-
ment of this debt, with the appropriation that fol-
lowed it, gave them a marketable character in
Mexico, and this character constitutes nineteen
twentieths of the credit of bankers everywhere.
Sir, a banking character is as pure a fiction as
though it was blown up with wind. [Roars of
laughter.} We stand in the same relation to this
house, in furnishing them with a character in this
transaction, that the man does, who sits down and
indorses a rascal for an honest man to his neigh-
bor.
Mr. ASHMUN. Now I want to ask my friend
from Ohio, who is one of the best Americans living,
and not only one of the best Americans, but one
of the best Christians in the world, how much bet-
ter would it be if the Barings did not pay this
money, but supposing that the gentleman from
New York [M^ Brooks] accomplishes his pur-
pose, and a British Jew pays it?
Mr. CARTTER. Not a bit better. I have al-
ready told the gentleman that I look upon this fight
as an edition of the Kilkenny cat fight. [Laugh-
ter.] I look upon it as I would upon a fight of
blacklegs over a gambling table. Tnis is my an-
swer; and I hold no more sympathy with the Roths-
childs than with the Barings in reference to it. :
That is not the point I wish to press in this mat-
ter. I wish this House honestly to consult the de-
sire and expressed wish of a neighboring and
friendly Republic, in making the payment of this
claim, instead of casting it into the hands of a ;
British house of bankers for the purpose of enabling [
them to shave Mexico. Why, sir, the history
of this transaction is a curiosity, and all the par-
ties engaged in it. Sir we are getting into fine
times with Great Britain, taking it all round.
[Laughter.] You will find the Secretary of State
drinking wine with his lordship the minister plen-
ipotentiary from Great Britain, and cracking him
up as a very great man, and of very strong material,
and that his mistress is the greatest man alive in
petticoats. [Roars of laughter.] And you will find
as a pro quo to the quid, this minister turning round
and telling "the godlike,"at every supper table,
what a great man he is. [Laughter.] And you
will find my Lord Lowell repeating the same
thing on the other side of the Atlantic, and telling
them what a great people it is, and what an im-
portant consideration "blood " is, and "title,"
and all that sort of thing. And you will find a Brit-
ish house of bankers doing our own financiering
for us. Well, now, I do not want to see this state
of things. My own opinion is, that this Govern-
ment is capable of making a little payment of three
millions dollars to an adjoining Republic upon our
own continent in our #wn simple, unsophisticated
way. We have got the money. The Treasury
is here. The creditor comes to the door of your
vault. He asks you not to pav him, but to ac-
commodate him in anticipating the payment for a
vear. And you turn round from that creditor in
his wants ana deliver him over to the tender mer-
cies of an old, hardened, soulless company of
bankers, to devour him at the rate of eighteen per
cent. [Laughter.] Now, I ask the republican
sentiment of this House, if that is fair? But even
if you take the question as a mere per cent, ques-
tion, which I utterly repudiate, for I would rather
take this money to the door of the Mexican Gov-
ernment, and pay it as one of the Representatives of
the people, laying it down and relieving them of
their distress, at ten per cent, sacrifice to this Gov-
ernment than to follow the tortuous and indirect
course of negotiating it through a British banking-
house, with a profit of ten per cent, to the Govern-
ment. That is my sentiment. But if you regard
it in a purely per cent, view you will perceive that
the negotiation of last year and the current nego-
tiation is done at two per cent, disadvantage to our
Government, and at eighteen per cent., more or
less, disadvantage to the Mexican. Now, sir,
I have said what I wanted to say upon this sub-
ject, and I hope that my friend Baylt, the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means, will
not call me to account for these learned opinions,
for I never expect to be a member of the Supreme
Bench of the United States. I do not aspire to'
any such elevation. But my unsophisticated rus-
tic opinion is, that the creditor has a right to re-
ceive this money, and can execute an acquittal for
it. Now, that is a kind of simple idea I nave got,
and Daniel Webster cannot snake it out of me,
nor the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means either; for I have been brought up that
way, and it can't be whipped out of me nohow!
[Great laughter.]
Mr. TOOMBS made some remarks upon the
bill, which will be published in the Appendix.
Mr. VINTON said: Mr. Chairman, the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] who is
also a member of the Committee of Ways and
Means, bases his objection to this bill upon the
I ground, that the Secretary of State has made a
, I contract for the payment of this money before an
i appropriation for its payment had been made by
! Congress. He also says, that the late Secretary
! of State, Mr. Clayton, was of the opinion, that the
j Secretary of State had no authority to make such
contract until an appropriation was made; and it
I is in consequence of that declaration, which, if cor-
I rect, would carry an impeachment of the conduct
( of the present Secretary of State in making this
contract, that I have been induced to say a word
upon this subject. This question, whether the
Secretary of State has a right to make a contract
i for the payment of this money before an appro-
priation was made by Congress, was settled under
i a former Administration, ft was settled under Mr.
Polk's administration, before ever this Administra-
tion had been called upon to settle it. Four sessions
ago, when I was put at the head of the Committee •
1 of Ways and Means, among the first things that
I was informed by the Secretary of the Treasury
, was, that they had made a contract for the payment
i of the first installment with one of the parties to the ,
contract for the payment of the installment which .
we are now appropriating. The contract was
made by the Secretary of the Treasury, the last
Administration having imposed on the Secretary
of the Treasury, the financial officer of the Gov-
ernment, the duty of taking charge of the matter.
Mr. Walker having made a contract for the pay-
ment of the first installment before Congress assem-
bled, he desired that I would, as soon as I could,
get a bill through Congress providing for the pay-
ment of that installment. Mr. Walker at that
time satisfied me perfectly that the policy of ma-
king the contract before an appropriation was made
by Congress was entirely correct, and for the ben-
efit of the United States, and for reasons like those
given by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Toombs,] that if the contract was not made before
the appropriation, there was little probability that
an appropriation would be made in time to make
judicious arrangements to pay the installment in
Mexico; and that if $3,000,000 were sent into the
city of Mexico to be sold at once, in all probabil-
ity, instead of their being able to sell their bills at
a premium, there would be an actual loss to the con-
tractors. It was upon these grounds, and, as I
thought, very proper grounds, that the Secretary
of the Treasury, Mr. Walker, had made a con-
tract for the payment of the first installment before
any appropriation was made by Congress. The
Whig party had then a majority in the House. I
heard no objection upon this floor at that time to
the measure, and gentlemen here, who were mem-
bers of this bddy at that time, very well knew that
no objection was made by me to the course of pol-
icy recommended then. I thought it a meritorious
act on the part of Mr. Walker, because he got bet-
ter terms than he could have obtained nad he
waited until an appropriation could have been
made.
Well, sir, it seems that before the death of Gen-
eral Taylor, the late Secretary of State (Mr. Clay-
ton) had entered into a negotiation with the parties
of whom the gentleman from New York [Mr.
i Brooks] has spoken. Instead of Mr. Clayton
! being opposed to enter into a contract, upon the
ground that he had no authority to do it—that the
Executive had no authority—he states, in the very
letter referred to by the gentleman, which is here
before me, that he received proposals from these
parties; but on mentioning the subject to General
Taylor, he said that he should not bind himself by
, any agreement until Congress had made an appro-
priation, not because he had not the power, but
: Decause General Taylor thought it was good pol-
icy not to bind himself. It was upon these grounds
, that General Taylor declined to enter into a con-
tract, and not that the Executive had not authority
! to make it. In this state of things, General Tay-
1 lor died. The parties who made these proposi-
tions to Mr. Clayton having in the mean time
withdrawn their propositions, nothing remained
in the office of the Secretary of State as evidence
of any such negotiation. The remarks of the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] wnich
seem to me to raise an imputation against the
present Secretary of State—that he had made this
contract with these parties when better terms had
been offered by others—are fully met and ex-
plained away by this fact. If he had made the
contract with a knowledge and belief that better
terms could be obtained, it would be a proper sub-
ject of reflection upon that officer; but so far from
that, Mr. Clayton, in a letter to Mr. Bullard, in
speaking of that subject, says:
" Mr. Webster was not informed of this proposition by
me, as we happened not to have conversed on the subject;
at least I have no recollection of having spoken about it to
him. Indeed, while I remained at Washington, I did not
learn that Mr. Marks had succeeded in any negotiation with
Mexico about the matter."
Thus it will be seen that Mr. Clayton says
that Mr. Webster had no knowledge of it, and
that he had no recollection of having spoken to
Mr. Webster on the subject, or informed him that
such a proposition was made. These JJT0P°S1"'
tions having been withdrawn before Mr. Webster
came into office, he made the contract without any
knowledge of what had been previously done, so far
as the records of the Department of State snow,
and so far as is shown by Mr. Clayton s letter.
A word now as to the authority to make
contract. He had the authority arid Precedent
of a preceding Administration. Mr. rolk an
his administration settled that question. Heme
ly followed in their footsteps, and he did pre-
cisely what they had done, no more and no leas.
