1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
685
As I have already stated, no blame is to be at-
tached to the last Administration. I think they
are entitled to praise in making a contract under
circumstances and at a time which enabled the Gov-
ernment to make better terms in making provision
for the payment of this installment than they would
have obtained if they had waited for the action of
Congress. The same thing is true of this. Why,
if the contract is made in advance, giving the par-
ties full time to transfer the money to Mexico, it
is to be presumed the Government has got better
terms than if they had waited until an appropria-
tion were made. Besides, the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Brooks] complains that we are
making an appropriation now foe an installment
to be paid in 1852. As has been already stated
by others, the appropriations of 1852 are now to
be made. That is the business we now have in
hand. More than that, the next session being a
long session, I venture to predict that if we do not
provide an appropriation for the payment of this
installment at the present session, and if the expe-
rience of the past is to be any guide in judging of
the future, no appropriation can be had in time at
the next Congress to meet this installment. In
a long session of Congress, the deficiency bill
will not be likely to get through before April or
June. I think we did not get through the defi-
ciency bill at the last session until some time in
July; and the next session being a long one, we
shall not very likely get through the deficiency
bill any earlier than we did last year; and if jthis
event happens, the Government would be dishon-
ored by the day of payment having gone past some
two or three months before the appropriation was
made. It is to prevent a delinquency of this sort
that this appropriation is asked for at this time.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
is mistaken in another thing. He seems to think
that if this money is appropriated, the contractors
for this installment will Wve this money for these
eighteen months to use for their own benefit. Far
from that. If this money is appropriated now, the
Executive has no right to touch adollar of it until
the next fiscal year commences.
Mr. BROOKS, (interposing.) What I said was
that the contractors had not the use of the money,
but the credit of the United States.
Mr. VINTON. What have we to do with
that? Does it cost us anything ? Why, sir, the
Executive cannot pay them a dollar of this money
until the next fiscal year opens. If they, in con-
sequence of a contract with us, have credit in Mex-
ico, what injury is that to us ? If the contract
were given to anybody else, and even if the con-
tract was put under bid, would not the contractors
have the same advantage precisely? It comes to
this, then: here is a bill that is reported in the pre-
cise form in which the other bills have been re-
ported and passed—two of them under the last
Administration, and one under this—and an at-
tempt is now made to introduce a radical change
in this. Now, sir, I am satisfied that we should
go on and pass this bill, as we have passed the
other bills, and follow the precedent given us by
General Taylor's administration, as well as that of
Mr. Polk's, and pass this bill as brought forward
by the Committee of Ways and Means, and leave
it exclusively to the proper officers to pay the
money, as it is their duty to do. If they do not
perform their duty wisely, let us call them to an
account.
Mr. GREEN. There seems to be a misappre-
hension in this committee with regard to the char-
acter of the amendment proposed by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Brooks.] I say, there seems
to be very great misapprehension as to the character
of that amendment. The chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, [Mr. Batlt,] the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Vinton,] and others who have spoken,
have attacked the position taken in that amend-
ment. In the arguments they have made, and the
positions they have maintained, they have con-
tended that the effect of the amendment was cal-
culated to jeopardize the interests of the United
States. They make their arguments as though it
contemplated a violation of the treaty—as though
it were an attempt to break down the treaty and
violate it in some particular, but in what they have
not taken the trouble to designate. It is a gross mis-
apprehension, asl think, that the amendment of-
fered here, contemplates any violation of the treaty.
Gentlemen may state what they think proper, but
they cannot suppose that the friends of this amend-
ment are so ignorant as not to know that this
House has no right to change the treaty stipula-
tions entered into between our Government and
that of Mexico. All know that, without being re-
minded of it by these gentlemen.
But, sir, that part of the treaty requiring us to
pay $12,000,000 to Mexico, in the city of Mexico,
brings up this fact to the consideration of every
rational mind: What instrumentalities and means
shall be employed to get money there? Shall we
collect money in specie and send an agent there
with it? Or shall we employ banking-houses,
and their agents, or other instrumentalities there,
by whom we can make payment according to the
treaty? This is the whole question. It is not
whether we shall pay the money at the city of
Washington—it is not whether it would be better
to pay it through the Rothschilds or the Barings.
But it is .this. Under the formei* appropriation
bills, three installments have been paid. We
now find by facts brought to light, and we shall
do great injustice to ourselves if we shut our eyes
to the light, that there can be a saving of $50,000
to $75,000 or J100,000, if you adopt the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Brooks J
Mr. VINTON (interposing) made some inquiry
and a brief statement, which was quite inaudible
at the Reporter's desk.
Mr. GREEN, (resuming.) Mr. Chairman, the
character of the opposition to this amendment be-
gins to unfold and develop itself. They claim a
vested right by virtue of the contract of the Sec-
retary of State. That is the cause of the opposi-
tion. It is not a violation of the treaty which in-
duces them to oppose this amendment. It is the
manner in which the Government is to employ
means for the transportation of the money. Now
to the gentleman'8 inquiry. I will answer it di-
rectly , without any equivocation, that the pretend ed
contract has no more validity, no more binding
force than an idle verbal declaration made by Sec-
retary Cayton before he left the Department,
neither in law or equity. But it has been said
that the question has been settled by Mr. Polk's
administration. Why, sir, I have ever been con-
sidered by my enemies as a warm party man, but
I have never been so much a party man as to ad-
vocate what I believed to be wrong, even if Mr.
Polk had approved of the measure. But I do not
believe Mr. Polk ever approved of making con-
tracts before the law was passed to authorize it.
Such, however, is done by the Secretary of State
in this instance, and I hold all such pretended con-
tracts null and void.
Mr. BURT, (interposing.) If the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Green] will allow me, I
would like to make an inquiry for my information.
I understood from the remarks of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Vinton,] that the Secretary of
the Treasury paid the first installment of the debt
due to Mexico. Is that so ?
Mr. GREEN. Yes, that is the case.
Mr. BURT. I desire my friend from Missouri,
if he possesses the information, to say to the
committee how it came that the Secretary of State
became the disbursing officer of the Government
in this transaction.
Mr. BAYLY. With the permission of the
gentleman from Missouri, I will answer the ques-
tion explicitly. Under GeneralTaylor's adminis-
tration, so far from the Secretary of the Treasury,
who was then Mr. Meredith, and the Secretary
of State, Mr. Clayton, either desiring to negotiate
this matter, they both insisted that it did not be-
long to them. Each of them tried to avoid pre-
cisely the scene that we have before us. It was
made a matter of Cabinet consultation, and in ma-
king it such, they decided that it belonged to the
Secretary of State. I know this to be so, and I
speak authoritatively that such were the facts.
Mr. BURT. Will the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Batlt] allow me to inquire whether
that conference of the members of the Cabinet waB
held under the late or the present Administration ?
Mr. BAYLY. Under General Taylor's admin-
istration. When the present Administration came
in, they carried out the decision of the former
Cabinet.
Mr. GREEN. These inquiries are, to some
extent, immaterial. It is true that one would be
apt to imagine that the Secretary of the Treasury
was the proper disbursing officer of the Govern-
ment, to whom all the payments should be made
and drawn from the Treasury. It seems that he
was the proper officer. But be that as it may, I
do not think it necessary to stop and inquire
whether the Secretary of the Treasury or Secre-
tary of State should interfere in the matter; but I
do take this position, that when he has no funds
in hand appropriated by Congress—when he has
no control of the money—your laws impose upon
him no duty of making a contract in reference to
that treaty; and if made, the act is a nullity.
The point has been made here, on both sides of
the House, that the Representatives of the people
are compelled to make an appropriation. There
are State-rights men who even deny the absolute
and necessary obligation, after a treaty is ratified;
to make the appropriation necessary to carry
the treaty into effect. Now, if it be true that it be
a discretionary power with the House, under
whose charge the money of the Treasury lies—if
it be a matter of discretion, of sound policy and
judgment with them whether they will carry the
treaty into effect, how dare the executive officer
make a contract for the enforcement of its execu-
tion before the appropriation ?
Mr. HOLMES, (interposing.) However doubt-
ful it might be held by the Federal or Democratic
party about carrying the treaty into execution, it
is one of money-making power by which two
thirds of the treaties have been carried into effect.
How, then, will this amendment apply, when the
treaty has been already carried out by two obliga-
tions which have been met by Congress ?
Mr. GREEN. I understand it perfectly well.
I am not referring to the past, but looking forward
to the next installment not yet appropriated. My
argument has gone, about as arguments generally
go, to which that gentleman replies.
Sir, whether the treaty be "obligatory!1 or not,
good faith requires us to make these appropri-
ations; and good faith requires us to make the ap-
propriations in time to meet the payment according
to the stipulations of the treaty. That duty we
are now about to perform; and before this thing is
'done, before an appropriation is made, how dare
the Secretary of State, the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, the President, or anybody else, make con-
tracts, depending alone on the action of Congress
making appropriations? The Constitution says,
"No money shall be drawn from the Treasury
but in pursuance of appropriations made by law,
and yet, before that is done by law, the Secretary
of State usurps the power to make contracts con-
cerning its disposition.
Suppose we be unable to raise the $3,000,000
to meet our treaty stipulation, and under this pre-
tended contract and these pretended vested rights
held by these gentlemen to whom the contract has
been illegally promised, if we should be unable to
furnish the means to meet the stipulation, I pre-
sume that they would insist upon the right of the
contractor to claim damages of Government,
although the contract was made when no appro-
priation was made, and when no funds were in
the Treasury. I call upon gentlemen here to
state, if they can—I call upon the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Batlt,]
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vinton,] the gen-
tleman from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] to state, if
they can, by authority, and show the binding
contract entered into by Mr. Webster, or anybody
else, for this payment. I charge that there is
none binding in law, because if made at all, it was
made without authority, and therefore the ques-
tion is open for us to consider the mode of pay-
ment that will best accommodate Mexico, and
best protect the interests of our own Government.
Mr. TOOMBS (interrupting) said: I have sta-
ted that I have looked into no such contract, nor
do I intend to.
Mr. GREEN, (resuming.) 'ttat is right. But
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton] stands in
a different attitude. He relies upon the contract.
The gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,]
denying the validity of such contract, prefers
leaving it to the discretion of the executive officer,
and hold him responsible for the manner in which
the law is carried out. Now, there may be dif-
ferent opinions as to the propriety of this or that,
or the other course, in carrying out the treaty,
but this is a matter in which we are bound to in-
terfere to prevent wrongs and losses. Congress
has the supervisory power, and we neglect our
duty simply to leave the matter to the executive
