1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
687
the Democratic party. Divided and broken as
that party is, I trust it retains enough of ancient
profession and faith to regjurd this transaction
with stern indignation. "There was a Brutus
once that would have let the infernal devil hold
his place in Rome" as soon as a stipendiary of
Wall street and State street.
I trust the memhers of the Democratic party
will be disposed to probe this matter to the bot-
tom. I have but exposed the surface. They
will then be able to determine how far it is expe-
dient unnecessarily to place pecuniary negotia-
tions of the Government, in the accomplishment of
which fortunes are to be made by agents of the
Government, in the hands of any man who stands
not before the country in an attitude of independ-
ence of those who wield the money power of the
country.
Mr. ASHMUN. It is accomplished! It is
accomplished! The purpose—the great, the sub-
lime purpose—for which the Democracy and Free-
So ilism of the Worcester district of Massachusetts
united two years ago, is accomplished! It is de-
veloped ! Sir, great things were expected; a rep-
utation, not small at home, was heralded here,
and the country, as well as this House, have hung
with anxiety, almost holding breath, to see for
what purpose, for what great purpose that result,
the election of my colleague, was ordained. We
see it. We see it, sir. The reputation which he
had gained at home, and, as I have said, not a little
one, has been gloriously illustrated to-day. We
have waited for ten months of silence, during the
last session, and until the sands of this have almost
run out, when, for the first time, that reputation
has been vindicated. That reputation, well known
to the people of Massachusetts, has been triumph-
antly vindicated. It has been illustrated in a
manner that will be justified by the whole course
of the life of the honorable member who represents
that district. Sir, it was for the great principles
of human liberty, for which he was sent here, as
it was said, to do battle. It was he who was to
roll back the tide of slavery, which is supposed to
be crushing this Government, and who was to
throw into the shade and eclipse by his super-
human efforts in behalf of human liberty, all his
colleagues, and all the men of the North; and to-
night we see how he has vindicated the reputation
which he acquired at home, and has illustrated the
puipose for which he was sent here.
Three or four elections have passed in his dis-
trict, if I mistake not, since the honorable member
took his seat here. Great inquiry has been made
among his constituents, and amongst all the friends
of human liberty at the North, what has our friend
from the Worcester district done ? Echo answered,
"Nothing yet. Wait awhile; we shall hear." Sir,
the wires, to-morrow, will carry them the response.
It will carry to them the response that all that he
has done—and it is a distinction which I hope no
other district in the State of Massachusetts will
claim—has been this night's attempt to defame one
of its own citizens. Sir, the honor of every citizen
of Massachusetts is dear to her. I care not what
his condition in life may be, great or little, he is
still a Massachusetts man, and it is a Massachu-
setts man who has stood here to-night to attempt
that defamation. My colleague is the first, and I
trust the only one, that has had the courage (I
do not speak of physical, but the malignant
courage) to stand up here, and to attempt to dis-
grace a son of Massachusetts. Sir, the honorable
member who has just taken his seat, speaks of
the distinguished Secretary of State as eating the
bread, of the public. When that honorable mem-
ber has sat at his board, and has eaten his bread
and partaken of his salt, was he then studying
this speech and preparing to make this assault?
Mr. ALLEN. Go on a little more freely.
Mr. ASHMUN. I will go on. He admits,
then, that he was doing it, sir. 1 do not rise now
to attempt to vindicate the reputation of the Secre-
tary of State That attempt would be vain and
superfluous in me, and I will not make it. The
country, the world will take care of the reputation
of the Secretary of State. The world, and all fu-
ture time will do it. I rise to do no such thing.
I could not do it if I were to attempt it. Eta
works have done it, and the world will cherish it
when my colleague and myself shall have passed
away. But, sir, I cannot be silent when I hear !
a Massachusetts man here to-night—upon no I
provocation, upon no excuse, much less upon any ||
justification—arise and attempt, by these malig-
nant insinuations, to detract from the character of
that man. What does it mean ? Is there a con-
certed conspiracy which is developed in this at-
tack ? More than a week ago, I saw in a north-
! ern paper—the Boston Jltlas, edited by a highly
respectable gentleman—the letter of an anonymous
correspondent from this city, who said that there
was a member here who was in possession of
facts which would accuse the Secretary of State of
treason and of corruption—those were the words
—and that he was about to oiler a resolution of
inquiry into those charges. I have had that paper
in my drawer for a week, waiting for the honor-
able member to introduce his resolution. He has
been possessed of these facts which tend to im-
peach and degrade Mr. Webster, for weeks—
months, as 1 understand him, as he says here to-
night. !
Mr. ALLEN. That writer had no reference
to me whatever.
Mr. ASHMUN. Sir, the attack of this night jus-
tifies the inference which I have drawn. If it was
not the gentleman, it was a compeer, his confeder-
ate, I care not which. Who the writer of that letter
is 1 do not know; he is an anonymous character.
But the language of that letter was the same as that
employed by the gentleman here to-night. There
is a conspiracy, then! It is not one man alone.
There are two, three, and probably more engaged
in this business. If it was not the gentleman be-
i fore me, who was it ? He stands up to-night and
pretends to want an inquiry. Why, sir, for
weeks it is said this resolution of inquiry has been
i in some member's drawer—in his drawer or his
I confederate's. For weeks it has been here known
to these people that Mr. Webster was guilty of
corruption, and of treason, as this writer says.
I have listened every day, and there have been
i half a dozen since when it was in order to intro-
duce the resolution, and I have looked around this
Hall to see who was the bold defamer that would
dare to stand forth and put himself in the respon-
sible situation of an accuser, and of offering a
j resolution charging upon Mr. Webster anything
that would impeach nis high integrity. He has
been silent,until one of these late hours of the night
at the close of the session, when no one cares to
offer a resolution inquiring into any of the facts
which he alleges, and then an honorable mem-
ber from the State of Massachusetts gets up, and
without any other responsibility than his individ-
ual one—which I admit to be the same as that of
everybody else—without offering a resolution to
inquire into any of the facts, in his characteristic
manner, scatters over this land and over the
world, insinuations intended for nothing else than
to injure, cruelly wound, and degrade one of his
own fellow citizens.
Now, sir, has that great man ever done him an
inju* ? Has not the member experienced at the
hands of that gentleman marks of kindness ? Are
there not occasions which can be recalled by the
suggestion which I make to him, that should make
him weep at the injustice which he has done to this
man ? Sir, what is the amount of the suggestions
which he has thrown out here 
Mr. ALLEN. Will you name the particular
obligation I am under to Mr. Webster?
Mr. ASHMUN. Has not Mr. Webster ever
treated the gentleman courteously ? Is not that an
obligation which he has never returned ? Has he
not treated him with generosity ? Is not that an
obligation which he has never returned ? Has he
not ever done him justice? Is not that an obliga-
tion which he has shown himself to be incapable
of returning or appreciating ? Sir, these may not
be pecuniary obligations, but they are obligations
of which a gentleman and a man should be sensi-
tive and sensible. But what are the charges which,
by insinuation in the first place, and finally, by
working his courage up to the sticking point, by
assertion, the gentleman has made against Mr.
Webster? They are, sir, that certain gentlemen
of Boston and gentlemen of New York, knowing
of his pecuniary inability to assume the responsi-
ble position which he now holds, offered to con-
tribute to bear in part the expenses and burdens of
office, (great as we all know they are,) provided
that he would accept it. Was there anything be-
yond that? Of even that I aver, that so far as I
am concerned—(and I am free to say, nay, sir, I
am proud to say that I have enjoyed the high honor
of an intimate intercourse with that gentleman, I
and I hold it among the proudest and richest enjoy-
ments of my life)—I say of what is alleged, I
know nothing. It may be so. I do not take issue
with the gentleman on that point. If he knows
it, so be it. I have nothing to say at present in
relation to the truth or falsity of the allegation.
But I put it to every honorable man if there be
anything in it, to the extent which that gentleman
has asserted, which would detract from the honor
of Mr. Webster, supposing it be true that in gen-
erosity and justice (I say justice) to such a man,
free trade and tariff men, merchants and mechanics,
are disposed to make him presents in token of their
high respect and regard. Sir, I wish my colleague
could ever so command the feelings of his constit-
uents as to receive from them some evidence of this
kind, of their personal consideration even, even
while he fails to get their votes, trial after trial. .If
the facts be as stated by my colleague, is there any-
thing in that to impeach Mr. Webster'a integrity?
But, sir, I am not going to argue that question.
Let that member who wants to charge corruption
upon Mr. Webster, be it my colleague or any
other gentleman to whom the writer in the Boston
Jltlas refers, let that bold defamer stand forward,
and, for one, as the friend of Mr. Webster, I
stand here ready to meet his attack. And I be-
lieve the generous-hearted men of all parties in this
House will stand here to meet it also. Let him
put his insinuations into the form of specific charges
of corruption, in such a manner that they shall be
tangible—giving us names and stating what he
means, and then I guaranty that the friends of
Mr. Webster, and I believe every man in this
House, as a friend of justice, will not interpose
the slightest objection to an inquiry. But, sir, as
a son of Massachusetts, and feeling a pride in
those citizens of that State who are ever willing
to be just and generous to one another, I could not
be silent when I heard the great man of the nation,
nay, sir, I am free to say at this moment, and I
think, the great man of the world, assailed and
maligned as he has been to-night. Sir, I will say
no more.
Mr. HILLIARD. I think it must be clear to
all, that this debate has taken a most unfortunate
turn. It will be admitted by the most malignant
assailants of the Secretary of State, that he has not
sought to discharge the duties which we are about
to put upon him. k is not by his own act that
he assumes the responsible place of conducting a
negotiation for the payment of a debt which this
nation owes. That duty is put upon him by law;
and with that apparent before our eyes, it must
occur to every man of ordinary charity, that at a
moment when we are debating a measure of pub-
lic policy like this, it was a most ungenerous turn
to give to the debate, to make it personal to the
Secretary of State. I shall, like the gentleman
from Massachusetts, who has just taken his seat,
[Mr. Abhmun,] not attempt his defence. I know
nothing of the circumstances which have been re-
ferred to; but I am sure every gentleman, of every
party, will agree with me, that public reputation
is public property; that the fame of a great man
is not to be thrown away idly; that a good name
is to be valued above all price; and that extraordi-
nary, groundless, and malignant charges are not
to be thrown out in a body like this (which the
eyes of the world behold) without being replied to
with something at least like severity, if not with
indignation. A splendid reputation that honors the
country, to say the least of it—a splendid reputa-
tion, that throws its lustre about the American
name—the golden orb of which is already setting
beneath the horizon of time, is an object too much
admired by me, at least, to be willing to see a sin-
gle speck placed upon it by any malignant hand.
If I could, sir, I would send down the fame of
every great American citizen, of every party, to
the grave without a single sl^ow to dim it.
There is not a man living amongst us, I care not
how fierce the rivalry of party may have been, or
how heated the contest into which we have been
plunged—there is not an illustrious living Ameri-
can that I do not desire to see preserve throughout
hi& life an untarnished fame, and at the close of
his career, sleep in an honored grave. And I ask
whether this committee ,will hear with patience,
charges so unnecessarily, and I believe I may say
so recklessly, thrown out against the reputation of
that illustrious man.
Mr. Chairman, I must be allowed to say, that
I believe much of th« hostility that comas from
