688
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 25.
that quarter ia due to the fact, that in the time |
which has just gone by, when a cloud hung over
the fortunes of this country which threw its por-
tentous and threatening aspect over the whole
heavens—I say, it was because at that time,
when good men began to tremble for the fate of the
Government, and bad men began to hope it would
be overthrown—it waa because that, at that mo-
ment this great man took the responsibility of
breasting the tide which was setting against the
institutions of the country—I must believe, I say,
that it waa because he lent himself to the great
task of resisting the legions which were bearing
down against the rights of the South, and put
everything at stake for his country, that he has
been assailed as he has been to-night by the insin-
uations which have been so grossly made against
him.
Mr. ALLEN. Will the gentleman yield me the
floor for a moment?
Mr. HILLIARD. No, sir; I must be excused.
I say that I cannot but believe that it was because
of the graod and patriotic position into which that
statesman threw nimself at that moment in our
history with so much peril to himself that he en-
countered the hostility which has expended itself
this evening. The world will come to this con-
clusion. He placed everything at stake for the
cause of his country, and notwithstanding attacks
of this kind against him, the fame which was re-
splendent before, will go down to posterity with a
still richer lustre than it could have obtained but
for the courage which he displayed upon that oc-
casion. He stands out before the eyes of man-
kind now in a more glorious and far grander posi-
tion than he could have occupied but for the stand
which he took at that darkest moment of our for-
tunes. For one, as an American, I thank him for
his courage; as a southern man, I am grateful to
him for his self-sacrificing patriotism; and I be-
lieve his name will be recoraed upon the pages of
the history of our times in the largest capitals, and
in the noblest terms. Massachusetts may repudi-
ate him—(I do not believe she will, Massachu-
setts will be true to her own fame, and will stand
by her great son)—but if she were to repudiate him,
the country would take him up. He is in no dan-
ger. He stands stronger to-<lay in the affections
of his countrymen than he ever stood before. Such
shafts cannot reach him.
Among the first acts of my public life in this
Hall, was the defence of that great statesman. I
rqoice that, by a piece of good fortune, one of the
last acts of my public career should be the same.
I have had but one opinion of him from the be-
ginning to the end. He rises like some tall cliff
in our midst; he must have mists and shadows at
his feet, but eternal sunshine gilds his noble brow.
1 admit that now the heavens are crowded with
constellations which adorn it, but every man when
he looks back to that period to which I have re-
ferred, must remember how dark it was, and will
see that the first star which broke the darkness
was Webster. Since that time others have arisen
above the horizon, but he will ever wear the great
honor of emerging first, with all his splendor,
from the gloom which overshadowed him.
Mr. Chairman, I felt that it was due from me to
this illustrious statesman, that as I commenced my
Congressional career, so I shall close it with the
expression of my high admiration of him. I be-
lieve that he is upright. I believe so far as the
public councils of this country can bear witness to
his course, it has been above suspicion. Every
act has been for his country. I believe that he
has no higher wish than the one which he so
nobly and eloquently expressed in his own great
speech, that " when his eyes shall be turned to
• behold, for the last time, the sun in heaven, he
' might not see him shining on the broken and dis-
• honored fragments of a once glorious Union; on
' States dissevered, discordant, belligerent; on a
' land rent with civil feuds, or drenched, it may
' be, in fraternal blood! Let their last feeble and
' lingering glance, rather, behold the gorgeous en-
• sign of the Republic, now known and honored
' throughout the earth, still full high advanced,
' its arms and trophies streaming in their original
' lustre, not a stripe erased or polluted, nor a single
' star obscured, bearing for its motto no such mis-
' 'nterrogatory as, What is all this worth
'Nor those other words of delusion and folly,
Liberty first, and Union afterwards; but every-
where, spraad all sver in «har*otar  af living
' light, blazing on all its ample folds, as they float
• over the sea and over the land, and in every
' wind under the whole heavens, that other senti- j
• ment, dear to every true American heart—Lib-
'erty and Union, now and forever, one and in- ■
'separable!" j
Mr. KING, of New Jersey, next obtained the ,
floor, and said: I will not detain the committee !
long, I have no personal matter to allude to
Loud cries of "Let us rise !" and of "Go on !" ,
Mr. KING, of New Jersey. Mr. Chairman,
if I supposed that by yielding the floor I should
bring the committee any nearer to the determina-
tion of the question that occupies it, I should
cheerfully waive the right that I have acquired
by obtaining the floor. I believe, however, that
we have got into personal matters, which are
likely to occupy us the better part of the night,
if every man who rises to speak has an opportu-
nity to deliver his sentiments. I believe, more-
over, that this question has been sprung upon us
without any reference at all to the object that all
have in view. I desire, therefore, so far as I can
by my interposition, to put an end to that which
has no relation to the bill.
Mr. KING here yielded the floor to
Mr. BURT, who moved that the committee
! rise.
j Mr. CARTTER called for tellers; which were
I ordered, and Messrs. La Sere and Waldo were
j appointed.
i The question being taken, the tellers reported—
j ayes 69, noes 45.
So the motion was agreed to, and the committee
rose.
The Speaker having resumed the chair, the
chairman of the committee reported progress.
Mr. BAYLY offered a resolution to stop de-
bate in thirty minutes after the committee should
resume the consideration of the bill now before
them.
Mr. BURT moved that the House adjourn;
which motion was not agreed to.
The question recurred on the adoption of the
; resolution, and it was taken and agreed to.
J Mr. BAYLY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted, and to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, said that the
House had been doing something for the country.
He proposed that they now do something for
themselves. There was lying upon the Speaker's
table a resolution from the Senate, which proposed
a distribution of the works of the elder Adams
and Mr. Hamilton. He proposed to take that up,
that it might be passed to-night, with an amend-
ment which he held in his hand. It would not
take more than five minutes. He moved to take
the resolution up. ^
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly took up from the Speak-
er's table the joint resolution of the Senate direct-
ing the distribution of the works of the late Alex-
ander Hamilton and the late John Adams.
The resolution having been read twice,
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, moved to add to
the end thereof the following additional section:
" And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the Houae
of Representatives be, and he is hereby, instructed to de-
liver to each member of the present Congress one copy of
the eighth volume of the American Archives; and for this
purpose he shall use the two hundred and nineteen volumes
of the Archives paid for at the last session of Congress, and
purchase a sufficient number of volumes to supply the de-
ficiency. "
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, inquired of
his colleague how long it was since Congress had
purchased the papers of Mr. Jefferson
Mr. BROWN i
that question
The amendment was agreed to, and the resolu-
tion as amended waa read a third time and
passed.
Mr. BROWN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was agreed to, and to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
Mr. JONES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the House adopted the motion to take a re-
cess during the week from three and a half to six
o'clock p. m.; which was entered on the Journal.
Mr. uROWELL, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Indian Affairs, to which was
raftrrsd ths bill of the Senate No. 902, to extend
the benefit of an act to regulate intercourse with
the Indian tribes and to preserve peace on the
frontier, approved the 30th June, 1834, to the peo-
ple of the State of Texas and others, reported the
same with an amendment, accompanied by a re-
port in writing; which bill and report were re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. HARALSON, the House
then adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
under the rule, and referred to appropriate committees:
By Mr. DURKEE, (in behalf of Mr. Preston Kino,
who ia confined to his room by a broken knee-pan:) The
petition of 17 citizens of Washington county, New York,
asking the immediate repeal of the act passed at the last
session, known as the fugitive slave law.
Also, the petition of 53 citizens of the same county, for
the same object.
Also, the petition of 91 citizens of the town of Phelps,
Ontario county, New York, asking for the repeal of the
fugitive slave law.
Also, the petition of citizens of the town of Farmington,
Ontario county, New York, asking the repeal of the fugi-
tive slave law.
Also, the petition of 85 citizens of Washington county,
New York, asking for the immediate repeal of the fugitive
slave law.
Also, the petition of 54 citizens of Washington county,
New York, asking for the immediate repeal of the fugitive
1 slave law.
1 Also, the petition of 33 citizens and legal voters of the
1 town of Phelps, Ontario county, "ew York, asking the re-
| peal of the law known as the fugitive slave law.
Also, the petition of 266 electors of New Haven, Oswego
county, New York, asking for a repeal of the fugitive slave
law.
Also, the petition of citizens of Niagara county, New
York, asking for a repeal of the fugitive alave law.
Also, the petition of George W. Rose, asking Congress
to pass a resolution for a national day of festing and prayer
on account of the sin of slavery.
Also, the petition of citizens of Madison county, New
York, asking the repeal of the fugitive alave law, on the
ground that the law is unconstitutional.
Also, the petition of citizens of St. Lawrence county,
New York, asking that alleged fugitives from slavery may
be secured the right of trial by jury.
Also, the petition of citizens of the town of Manchester,
State of New York, Asking for a repeal of the fugitive slave
law.
By Mr. PUTNAM: The petition of J. V. W. Abbott, as-
sistant marshal, and others, of Pike, Wyoming county,
New York, praying for additional pay to assistant marshals.
By Mr. BROWN, of Indiana: The petition of Joshua
Fussell and 85 others, men and women, of Madison county,
Indiana, praying the repeal of the fugitive slave law.
By Mr. HOWE : The petition of John McCrea and 46
others, citizens of Pennsylvania, praying Congress to mod-
ify the tariff by increasing the duties upon iron, coal, and
other sfticl6s<
By Mr. BURROWS: The petition of Robert C. Farn-
ham, assistant marshal, and others, citizens of Orleans
county, New York, asking for additional compensation to
assistant marshals.
By Mr. RISLEY: The petition of James Nelson and
others, citizens of Cattaraugus, New York, praying Con-
gress to increase the compensation of deputy marshals for
I taking the census.
said he was unable to answer
IN SENATE.
I Tuesday, February 25, 1851.
j | The PRESIDENT of the Senate laid before the
1 body a communication from the Secretary of War,
made in compliance with a resolution of the Sen-
ate of the 19th instant, transmitting a report from
the Chief of the Ordnance Bureau, exhibiting the
number of muskets, rifles, and pistols belonging to
the United States armories, arsenals, and ordnance
dep6ts, together with an estimate of the number
which the materials now on hand would complete;
which was read.
Mr'. BADGER. I move that the report lie on
the table and be printed.
Mr. WALKER. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from North Carolina to withdraw so much of
his motion as relates to printing. If it goes to the
printer the probability is that it will not reach us
in time for action. It is a report which will be
needed when certain bills now before the Senate
come up for consideration.
Mr. BADGER. I will merely move, then, to
lay it on the table for the present.
The motion was agreed to.
The statement shows the whole number as fol-
lows:
Whole number of muskets fit for service, of every de-
scription   8818
Number unserviceable •••••  ei'aai
Whole number of rifles of every kind  o >
Number unserviceable •••••••: 
Whole number of pistols of every description... 25.J74
Number unserviceable 
