THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $] 50 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st C ng kss, 2p sssston,
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1851.
New Series....No. 44.
Thf estimate is that the materials on hand will
serve to complete 26,300 muskets and 4,200 rifles.
The PRESIDENT of the Senate also laid before
the body a communication from the Treasury
Department, communicating further information in
relation to the Louisville and Portland Canal, sta-
ting that the whole number of shares belonging to
individuals which hare been redeemed from the net
revenue of the company was 4,748, besides which
there was a cash balance on hand of $88,599 87,
with which it was ordered to purchase 400 addi-
tional shares, when the statement of the stock
would stand as follows: Belonging to the United
States, 2,993 shares; redeemed by the net revenue
of the company, 5,148 shares; outstanding- in the
name of individuals and subject to be- redeemed,
1,850 shares.
The amount received Tor tolls during the lost
four years was: For 1847, $139,900 72-, for 1848,
$158,067 96; for 1849, $129,953 46; for 1850,
$115,707 88.
The communication was ordered to lie on the
table and be printed.
MEMORIALS, &C. :
The PRESIDENT of the Senate presented a
memorial from Professer R. S. McCulloli, of the
fcaHege of New Jersey,.late melter and refiner of
the 'United States Mint, asking that a contract
Stay be entered into with him to use his improved
method of refining gold; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. HUNTER presented the memorial of cer-
tain appraiser* of goods- at the ojties of Boston,
New York, Philadelphia, and Baltimore, a*kiog
to be allowed an increase of salary and a revision
of the laws in relation to the appraisement of
goods; which was ordered to lie on the table. '
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented the memorad
of R. Grignon, asking the payment of a sum of
money secured to him by a provision of treaty
with the Menomonee Indians; whrth was referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. GWIN presented a memorial of the Le-
gislature of Oregon, asking an approprihtiop for the
payment of expenses incurred by the Provisional
Government of Oregon in the Cayuse war; which
was referred to the Committee on the Territories
And ordered to be printed.
Also, a memorial of citizens of Oregon, remon-
strating against the removal of the port of entry
for that Territory from Astoria; w,hich was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce, and the
motion to print to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. CLARKE presented a petition signed by
six hundred and sixty five citizens of North
Providence, Rhode Island, asking the immediate
repeal of the fugitive slave law.
Also, a petition signed by one hundred and
sixty-five inhabitants of Newport, Rhode Island,
to the same effect; which was ordered to lie op the
table.
Mr. HALE presented a petition from inhabit'
ants of Pembroke, New Hampshire, asking the
abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia.
Also, two petitions from citizens of the same
■place, asking the immediate repeal of the fugitive ,
■lare law; which were ordered to lie on the table, j
Mr. CASS presented a memorial from citizens
of New York, asking a modification of the patent
laws; which was referred to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office. I
Mr. WALKER presented a petition of citizens
of Troy, in the State of New York, asking that
the public lands may be granted in limited quanti-
ties to actual settlers not possessed of other lands;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr- CLEMENS presented a memorial of the
clerks employed in the post officeat Montgomery, :
Alabama, setting forth the inadequacy of their sad- !
aides, and asking an increase of the same; which
was ordered to he on the table. ' ' J
NEW MEXICO. i
Mr. DAWSON. I have received a petition i
from citizens of New Mexico, setting forth the I
deplorable condition of affairs in that Territory. I
They state-that they are without the protection of I
44
the-Gavernment of the United States, which other !
citizens are accustomed to receive; that they are j
neither safe i{t-their persons nor their property;
that scarcely a week passes that , the Indians op
I their borders do not commit grievous depreda- !
! tions, robbing merchants, driving off horses,
mules, and sheep; and that the fountains of their
existence are about being dried up. They say
that these evils ought to be stopped; and if they
are not the inhabitants will be without subsistence
m that section of country. They say further1,
that their resources are not developed; that much
I remains to be done in that regard, and that it will
| never be done unless the wild Indians around them
are annihilated or thoroughly Subjugated. They
I -say that they have never had sufficient' protection
; of their persons and property from- their savage
> neighbors, and they- do not know how they are to
get it; for, if the Indians are not annihilated or sub-
jugated, they must leave the country to the In-
! dians. From the characters of thede petitioners, or
1 such of them as are known to me, I have no
1 doubt that what they set forth is substantially
j true. I therefore move that their petition be re-
I eeived, and without reading, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
It was so referred'.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committeeof
Claims, to which was referred House bill for the
relief of Sayles J. Bo wen, reported'(Mick the same
without amendment, and recommended its pas-
sag*.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. In consideration of the
late period of the session, I ask that it may be at
once considered, for if it should go oil the calendar
it may not be reached this session.
Mr. CASS, i weuld ask if there are any pecu-
liar circumstances about this case to distinguish it
from the two hundred other eases that are on the
calendar? ' >•- • '
Mr. BADGER. Being here, it will be better to
dispose «f it, and it will be out of the way.
The motion to proceed to its consideration was
agreed to, it was considered as in Committee of
the Whole, was repotted to tKe Senate without
amertdment, was ordered to a third reading, was.
read a third time-and passed.
The bill authorizes certain payments to be made
to Sayles J. Bowen, for services as a clerk in the
office ofth«<Second' Auditor of the Treasury.
Mr. BORLAND, from die Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which was referred House bill for
the relief of the widow of the late Lieutenant Col-
onel William Gray, reported back the same with-
out amendment, recommended its passage, and
moved tliai. it be now considered.
Mr. UPH AM. I should like to know why the
Senate should take up and pass the bills reported
this morning in preference to those which fyave
been reported heretofore and are on the calendar,
Mr. BORLAND. A very few words will show
the character of this bill, and then I think the Sen-
ate can pass it without any further debate. Lieu-
tenant Colonel William Gray, in the late war with
Mexico, commanded a battalion on the western
frontier. His command was a mixed one, con-
sisting of three companies of mounted men and
two companies of infantry. He is-dead, and his
widow asks that in the settlement of his accounts
there may be allowed the difference between the
pay-of a lieutenant colonel of cavalry, and a lieu-
tenant colonel of infantry, which amounts to $15
a month. It is a trifling sum.
The bill was then considered as in Committee of
the Whole; and no amendment having been pro-
posed^ it was reported to the Senate, ordered to a
third reading, and was read a third time by unan-
imous consent and passed.
Mr. COOPER, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, to which was referred the memo-
rial of Jane Irwin, submitted a report, which was
ordered to be pointed,, accompanied by a bill for
her relief. . f - -
The bill was read a first time and was ordered
to a second reading.
. Mr. WALKER desired that the bill should be
considered at this time, in which he was joined
by Mr. DAWSON, Mr. BERRIEN, and Mr.
RUSK.
Some conversation ensued on the subject of
giving priority to bills, and the Senate negatived
the motion to consider this bill.
Mr. DICKINSON gave notice that on Friday
next, at twelve o'clock, he would move to take up
the private calendar, that the Senate might dispose
of such bills as would lead to no debate.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, tn which was referred the memorial
of A. R, Woolley, asking to be allowed his pay
and emoluments from the time of his dismissal
from the Army, which he alleges was unlawful,
submitted a report in writing, which was ordered
to be printed, closing with asking to b,e discharged
j from the further consideration of the same; which
was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Commit-
tee qn Military Affairs, to which was referred the
communication of the - Secretary of War of the
10th of February, containing Colonel McCains
report on New Mexico, recommended the print-
ingof three thousand copies of the same.
The honorable gentleman proposed briefly to
explain the character of the report, lie said it
was the report of an officer who was hj^hly compe-
tent, and who had had great opportunities to learn
the fiscal, statistical, and historical condition of
New Mexico. This report, it is believed, will es-
sentially contribute to the just determination of
the mode of supplying the troops in New Mexico,
and also to the just estimation of the amount of
injury which the inhabitants.of that country have
sustained by depredations by Indians since lye
have had it in our possession.. He thought it
highly interesting and important in a statistical,
historical, and geographical point of view, and
hence he expressed the hope that the Senate would
order the additional copies to be printed.
The repprt was agreed to.
MILITARY ASYLUM.
Mr. DAVIS also, from the military committee,
to which was referred thpraemorial ojf certain citi-
zens of Maryland, asking the establishment of a
military asylum for invalid and disabled soldiers,
: asked to be discharged fromi the further conaidera-
" tion-of the same; on the ground that-there was a
a bill for that purpose reported and on the calea-
1 dar. i ; -
| The motion to discharge the committee was
! agreed tt). .
Mr. DAVIS then said, he was instructed by the
' committee to ask the Senate to take up and con-
sider the " bill to found a military ^asylum, for the
j relief and support of invalid and disabled soldiers
! of the Army of the United States.''
j The motion to take up the bill was agreed to.
! It was read a second time and considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
!" The bill was read «t-length by-the Secretary,
i It provides that soldiers of the Army of the United
' States, and all soldiers who have been, or may
! hereafter he, of the Array of the United States,
whether regulars or volunteers,, and who have
contributed, or may hereafter contribute, accord-
ing to its seventh section, to the support of the
military asyljim thereby created, shall, under the
restrictions and provisions which it contains, be
members of the. asylum, with all the rights, an-
nexed thereto. For the goad government and
attainment of the objects proposed by the institu-
tion, the General-in-Chief -commanding the Army,
the Generals commanding the Eastern and West-
ern geographical: military divisions, the Quarter-
master General, the Commissary General- of sub-
sistence, the Payitiaster General, the Surgeon Gen-
eral, and the Adjutant General, are to be ex officio
commissioners, constituting a board, a majority
of whom shall have power toestablish regulations
for its general and internal direction, to be submit-
ted to the Secretary of War for approval. The
officers of the institution are to consist of a'gov-
ernor, a deputy governor, and a secretary for each
separate site of the asylum, the hitter to be also
