690
 
Tl|E OQ^6jtfc^i>NAL GLOBE.
treasurer. These officers are to be taken from the
Army, and to be appointed or removed from time
to time ns the interests of the institution may re-
quire, by the Secretary of War, on the recom-
mendation of the board of commissioners.
The members of the Army asylum who are to
be entitled to its rights and benefits are, every sol-
dier of the Army of the United States who shall
have served or may serve honestly and faithfully
twenty years in the same, and every soldier and
every discharged soldier, whether regular or vol-
unteer, who shall have suffered by reason of dis-
ease or wounds incurred in the service and in the
line of hiB duty, rendering him incapable of further
military service, if such disability has not been
occasioned by his own misconduct. It provides,
however, that no deserter, mutineer, or habitual
drunkard shall be received without such evidence
of subsequent service, good conduct, and reforma-
tion of character as the commissioner shall deem
sufficient to authorize his admission.
And that any soldier who may be admitted into
the institution for disability, and who shall recover
his health so as to fit him again for military ser-
vice, (he being under fifty years of age,) shall be
discharged. But any pensioner on account of
wounds or disability incurred in the military ser-
vice, although he may not have contributed to the
'funds of the institution, shall be entitled to all the
benefits of the institution upon transferring his
pension to the asylum, for and during the period
that he may voluntarily continue to receive such
benefits.
The provisions of the bill are not to be extended
to any soldier in the regular or volunteer service
who shall have been convicted of felony, or other
disgraceful or infamous crimes of a civil nature,
since he shall have been admitted into the service
of the United States.
The bill further provides that, for the support
of the institution, the following funds shall be set
apart and appropriated: Any unexpended balance
of the appropriation made March 2, 1847, now
remaining in the Treasury, for the benefit of dis-
charged soldiers disabled by wounds; the sum of
.'$118,791 19, levied by the commanding general of
the Army of the United States in Meiico, during
the war with that Republic, for the benefit of the
soldiers of the United States Army, regulars and
volunteers, engaged in that war, but taken posses-
-tion of as ftuids of the United States and placed
iti the Treasury; all stoppages or fines adjudged
against soldiers by sentence of courts marshal,
over and above any amount that may be due for
die reimbursement of Government, or of individ-
uals; all forfeitures on account of desertion, all
moneys not exceeding two thirds of the balance on
hand, of the hospital fund, and of the post fund
of each Siilitary station, after deducting the neces-
sary expenses of the year, and all moneys belong-
ing to the estates of deceased soldiers, which now
are, or may hereafter be, unclaimed for the period
of three years, subsequent to the death of such
Soldier or soldiers, to be repaid by the commis-
sioners' of the institution, upon the demand of the
heirs #r legal representatives of the deceased, it
provides, also, that from the first day of the month
next after the passage of the act, there shall be de-
ducted from the pay of every non-commisioned
officer, musician, artificer, and private of the Army
Of the United States, the sum of twenty-five cents
per month, which the-Pay Department of the
Army shall pass to the credit of the commission-
ers of the Army asylum, who are also authorized
to receive all donations of money or property made
by any person or persons for the benefit of the in-
stitution, and hold the same for its sole and exclu-
sive'use; but the deduction of twenty-five cents
per month from the pay of hon-commissioned of-
ficers, musicians, artificers, and privates, of regi-
ments of volunteers, Or other corps of regiments,
raised for a limited period, Or for a temporary
purpose or purposes, is only to be made with then-
consent.
The commissioners of this institution, by and
with the approval of the President, are authorized
*nd required by this act to procure for immediate
•use a',suitable site for the military asylum, and if
the necessary buitdirigs cannot be procured with
the site, to hate the same erected, having due re-
-gajsd to the health of the locations, facility of ac-
ii«ss, to economy, and giving preference to such
places «s, Vith most convenience and least cost, :
1 accommodate the persons to be provided for.
The commissioners, with the approval of the
Secretary of War, are to prepare the necessary
rules and regulations for the government of the
institution, and cause the same to be fitted and
furnished for the immediate reception of the per-
sons provided for in the act, and the Secretary of
! War is to report Upon the execution of this duty
at the next session of Congress.
Feb. 25,
delivered, and to audit the accounts of the print-
ers, and thus obviate the necessity of Keeping' the
Printing Committee in Washington during the re-
cess.
On motion by Mr. BORLAND, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideratiorf of said resolution, as
in Committee of the Whole, and no amendment
i having been made, it was ordered to be engrossed
The bill was reported to the Senate without l: for a third reading, and was read a third time by
amendment, and was ordered to be engrossed for unanimous consent and passed.
a third reading.
MAIL CONTRACTORS' FINES.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to which was referred
House bill for the relief of Dunning R. McNair,
reported back the same without amendment, rec-
, ommend.ed its passage, and asked for its immedi-
ate consideration.
Mr. TURNEY. I should like to hear some
explanation of this bill. I believe the Postmaster
General has power to remit fines of contractors,
and, therefore, 1 think it improper that Congress
should interfere, unless there is some good and
substantial reason to justify such an interference.
NAVY-YARD AT SAN FRANCISCO.
Mr. GWIN submitted the following resolution;
which was considered and agreed to:
Rt—lvei, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the uxpediency of making an appro-
priation to build a navy-yard on the waters of the Bay of
San Francisco.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives by Mr. Young, their Clerk:
" Mr. PxkBiDBHT: The House of Representatives concur
in the amendment of the Senate to the bill making appro-
priations for the current and contingent expenses of the In-
dian Department, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
aril k>l nMA A M It A ■ |yv« *4. ** — ^     .L   T.  
The Secretary read the bill, which authorizes ji ^various Indian tribes for the year ending the 30th June,
the Postmaster General to restore to Dunning R I
McNair the sum of >425, the amount of fines im- j MILITARY COLLECTIONS OF REVENUE,
properly imposed upon him while a mail contract- ! On the motion by Mr. PEARCE, the Senate,
or from Bedford to Washington, in Pennsylvania, I as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to the
provided that if he accept it he shall be forever j consideration of a-bill entitled "'A bill in addition
barred from making any further claim. {; to an act MnendstOry of an act entitled 'An act to
Mr. RUSK. The papers show this state of the j '.provide for the settlement of the accounts of pub-
case: There was a contract made to carry the 1 lie Officers and others, who may have received
mails through a portion of Pennsylvania. The money arising from- military contributions or
proposition was made to carry the mail in two I otherwise in Mexico,' " approved third March*
ways. Bids were required in the first placa wpoti la-
this particular route for the transportation of.the r -A. very long debate ensued,in which many Sew
ordinary mail. It was, however, known at the ' Btors took part, which will be published in the
time that it was contemplated to change the direc- • Appendix. The bill was ultimately ordered to be
tion of the great northern mail. Bids were also
invited to carry the mail in case that change should
be ntade. This man was a bidder for a smaller
amount to carry the ordinary mail on that route,
and be bid a much larger amount to carry the
great northern mail. His bids were accepted for
the ordinary mail, but afterwards they transferred
the great western mail by that route while he was
in the discharge of his dttty under his contract
fo carjy the ordinary mail. Upon the whole,
he performed that service remarkably well, but
there were failures in some cases, for which fines
were imposed, t6 which in equity and justice hie
was not liable. So far from being liable to them,
he was entitled to additional compensation for car-
tying the great western mail which was thrown
Upon him.
The bill was raported to the Senate, was read a
third time, and passed
SETTLEMENT WITH A MAIL CONTRACTOR.
Mr. RUSK also, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, to which was referred
the joint resolution from the House of Represent-
atives providingfor the adjustment of the accounts
of John D. C6Jmesnil president of the Ohio and
Mississippi Mail Line Company, reporteid back the
same without amendment', recommended its pas-
sage,and asked its immediate consideration; wnich
'Was agreed to.
.. The joint resoMtion havingbeeh considered as
in Committee of the Whole, and no amendment
being proposed, it was reported to the Senate, or-
dered to a third reading, and was, by unanimous
consent, read a third time and passed.
. RIVER AND HARBOR BILL. j
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, to which was referred House
bill making appropriations for the improvement of
certain harbors and rivers, reported back the same
without amendment, and gave notice that he would
take an early day to call it up for consideration.
COMMITTEE ON PRINTING.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which the subject was referred, reported a
joint resolution providing for auditing and settling
the accounts of the public printers during'the re-
cess of Congress; which was read'arid passed'to
a second reading.
The resolution is the same aS One heretofore
passed at preceding sessions, to constitute tlie
Secretary of the Senate, the Clerk of the Houie of
Representatives, and the clerk of the Committee
i engrossed for a third reading.
W. £. HART'S RELIEF BILL.
j The bill for the relief of William B. Hart, was
read a third time and passed.
REbTJdttON OF POSTAGE.
The act to reduce and mocjify the rates of post-
age in the United States, and to provide for the
coinage of a three cent piece, came up for its
third reading.
Mr. RUSK. I ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate to make an amendment In the fifth page
of the bill, by striking out the words which sim-
ply repeat, the requirement that .subscribers to
periodicals shall pay quarterly in advance.
The amendment was agreed to by unanimous
Consent.
Mr. BORLAND. As I stated yesterday, I
desire to offer a few remarks in opposition to the
passage of .this bill. It has been suggested that
there is other business which should occupy the
Senate for a short time; and as I should necessa-
rily occupy more time tjian at this late hour the
Senqte would feel disposed to give to.this subject,
I move that, the further consideration of'the bill
be postponed till to-morrow.
Mr. RUSK. I hope not; there are several
Amendments which have been made here which
must be considered in the House, and I hope the
bill will be sent there immediately.
Mr. DAWSON. I presume that as £h« Sena-
: tor from Arkansas gave us notice that he desired
1 to be heard on the question of the passage of this
: bill, and as it is usual to grant such indulgence, it
| will begranted.
Mr. HAMLIN. I would inquire if the ques-
tion is not on the motion to postpone the further
consideration of the bill till to-morrow?
The PRESIDENT. That is the question.
Mr. HAMLIN. That being the pending ques-
tion, it will come up to-morrow as unfinished busi-
ness, if the Senate now adjourn. I therefore make
the motion to adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to—ayes 15, noes
17. ......
The, PRESIDENT. The question now is op
the motion to postpone the .further consideration
of the question until to-morrow. . .
Mr. BORLAND. That is my motion, and I
tnade it for this reason: I supposed thferewas a
general desire on the part of the benate to adjourn,
And thinking that the Senate Were too tired to
listen to me no* tor about an hour, as I suppose
4 .      VUIIIHIHICC IlOlcIl UJ Hie I1UW IV' *"* — -—'.   1 .
on fruiting, a board to examine the work as it is I shall necrwarily ooeupy about that time, I tnou^nt
