1851.
THE CJONCrRESSIOHAL GLOBE-
m
it best t  postpone my remarks. But I am ready ]
to eo on now, if it be the ulensure of A" Senate.
Mr. BERRIEN. I think a postponement is
due, as well I'rom courtesy toward the Senator
from Arkansas, as the Senate itself, to redeem the
«nderstaading which was expressed the other day.
When that Senator proposed to state his reasons
/or his opposition to this bill anterior to its being
ordered to a third readings he was requested to
postpone them until a future time, and he acqui-
esced in the suggestion.
Mr. BALDWIN. 1 do not understand that
the Senator from Arkansas asks the postpone-
ment for his ovii convenience. The Senate hare
manifested their desire to remain in session; and,
•a the Senator is willing to proceed with his re-
marks, I think we should not postpone.
The motion to postpone wns agreed to.
Mr. GW1N. I now more that when the Sea-
ate adjourns it adjourn to meet at eleven o'clock
to-morrow, and that the daily hour of meeting shall
be the same for the residue of the session.
Mr. BORLAND. I hope that motion will not
fee adopted, for we have a great deal of business to
be done in committees,and it will be impracticable
For the committee of which I am a member to be
present at eleven o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion, the Senate proceeded to the consid-
eration of executive business,-and after some time
spent therein, the doors were reopened, and—
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES^
Wedn'esdat, February 26, 1851.
The House met at eleven o'clock. The Journal
 f yesterday wns read; when
• Mr. SfiODON rose to make a correction. He
«aid that his name was recorded in the affirmative
upon the motion made yesterday to lay on the
table the proposition of the Corn mil tee on Naval
Affairs in regard to the dry dock in California,
while he had really voted in the negative.
The SPEAKER said that as the vote would
•tot altar the result, the Journal would be. so cor-
rected.
dry-dock iw california.'
The House resumed the consideration of the !
.resolution yesterday reported by Mr. Stanton, |
of Tennessee, from the Committee on Naval Af- j
fairs, viz:
" That the House approve the course of the Secretary of,
the "Yaw, in executing; the law for the construction of a -
dry dock in Caliibmia, and see no reason for further delay
'in executing the rem tract for dm work, as agreed upon by i
tbe. Department." ,
Upon which was pending a motion to refer the i
subject to the Committee of the Whole on the j
. state of the Union. , i' ^ '
•• Mr. STANTON,of Tennessse, said: When I j
addressed the House yesterday in favor of the''
resolution, and in answer to the gentleman from
i Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] I had proceeded so far
aa to show that the estimates of the Department
for this work were higher than the proposals
o&reJ by the Department and accepted by these
gentlemen. I had also shown, from the report of
the Secretary himself, that these gentlemen had
. undertaken the contract undo' circumstances
which I did not then explain, and which I will
bow briefly state. The Secretary of the Navy ;
handed over to the competing bidders the esti-
mates and specifications of the contractors, a thing
that is perhaps unprecedented in the history of
contracts, and these specifications they themselves
. could not possibly have made, for want of a knowl-
edge of the character of these structures, the pecu-
liar nature of which, owing to the patent right, is
only known to these patentees;—I say, the Secre-
; tary of the NaVy handed over these specifications ,
■ and estimates to the competing bidders. Yet i
with all these advantages, they proposed a bid ;
less than five per cent, of that which the contract 1
. ers accepted, and still they refused to guaranty
the Government against a claim for the patent
right, which was admitted to be held by the con-
tractor. Now, sir, in addition to this, the gentle-
roan who has created this difficulty—Mr. H-. M.
Western, of New York—after finding :thkt the .
Secretary had made this contract with Messrs.
Dak in, Gilbert, Moody & Co., induced, the hon-
orable gentleman'from New York. [Mr. Boeec]
to ojfer a bsolution, which was paJWed by this ,
House without anv opposition, and then hwiself
Submitted to the Committee on Naval Affairs°a
proposition for the construction of a part of these
works. He comes here charging Messrs. Dakin,
Gilbert, Moody & Co., with fraud and extortion;
yet when we come to examine his proposition, it
is higher than the proposition of these gentlemen
for some portions of the work, and of course if
there was any fraud at all, this is far more fraudu-
lent and extortionate than the contract which the
Secretary has accepted. Now, under these cir-
cumstances, after this state of things was exposed
and understood hy the Coirtmittee on Naval Af-
fairs, this Mr. H. M. Western issues a circular
letter to the members of Congress, in which he in-
dulges in some illiberal and unfounded allusions
to members of a former Congress, and I am sorry
to see that the gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Toombs] has lent his influence to these statements
by repeating them hare. But I am led to sup-
pose that he is now satisfied of his error in that
particular, and that he is disposed to accept a
proposition which 1 am prepared to.offer in lieu of
that which I reported from the Cortimittee on Na-
val Affairs.
Now, sir, the honorable member from Georgia
[Mr. Toombs! said yesterday, that the resolution
whi"h was offered by the committee was decep-
tive in its terms, beaamse it implied that a contract
had been made,by the Secretary, I hold in my
hands not only the1 report of the Secretary made
! try this House, hut also the report made by the
Committee on Naval Affairs of the Senate.
Mr; TOOMBS, (interposing.) Ifthegentleman
will alloW me, J will stiy, that I said that the res-
olution seems to affirm that the Secretary of the
, Navy desires to carry-out this contract.
|- Mr. STANTON, (reminding;-) Let that pass,
j I take issue, however, upon the fact, and I be-
lieve,-as the Senate nommittee has stated, a state-
merit which wall confirmed hy the unanimous vote
of the Senate, that there has been a contract, a
contract which is binding in honor at least upon
the Government, because it was made in pursu-
ance of law, and is fair and liberal in its terms to
the Government. ,
The Senate committee says:
" The committee are not aware of any reason to induce
them to recommend any amendment or modification of the
u plan" for this dock prescribed by the law referred to,
even were the subject now susceptible of such modification;
but it appears from the communications of the Secretaty
above mentioned that he had actually contracted for the
•work before the resolution of the Senate was adopted,
nothing remaining to he done but to reduce the contractu
writiog, and its execution by the parties. In the absence,
t*ien, or frand or misrepresentation, (which is not alleged,)
the committee could not recommend that it should be dis-
turbed. *■ The only modification of which the plan would
be*nseeptibie is to dispense with the " basin and railway,"
as authorized by the existing law; but for this, under the
law the contract is already aiade. The committee consider
these appendaaes as peculiarly important to a dock, should
they be Ibaad, on experiments yet to be tried on alikework
■ow in progress of construction at Philadelphia, to lie of
practical value; but, as they are further informed by the
Secretary of the Navy, the contract, as made, authorises
him to abrogate so much of it as provides for basin and
railway, < if the basin and railway in connection with the
' dock at Philadelphia shall not realize the ends expected
' from it upon tbe experiments to be made at its comple-
' tionand tn such case the dock ' only is to be com-
' pleted and paid for at a proportionate price.' The com-
mittee, on die facts thas reported, ask to be idischaiged
from fprtber consideration of tbe resolution."
The Senate Commitee examined this matter as
die Committee of the House have examined it.
They found the estimates to be fair and moderate,
and they found that a contract had been made.
Bat, sir, in what sort of a position would the Sec-
retary of the Navy be placed, if the explanation
of this mfttter which was given by the gentleman
from Georgia {Mr. Toombs] is correct, and the
Secretary supposes that this work could be done
for less than half the amount which he has agreed
to give the contractor ? Why, it would have been
very great error on the part of the Secretary, and
would have been justly liable to rebuke, for having
made such a contract. He should of his own ac-
cord have stated the matter to Congress, and sub-
mitted it to be corrected, if he believed himself to
be obliged by law to make such a contract. But
the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] en-
tirely misapprehends the position of the Secreta-
ry.' The Secretary does not say that the work-can
be done for less than one half, or about ode third
of what the contractor proposes to do it fof
Mr. TOOMBS. ■ He says that a sectionaWock
can be made for one half or one third the amount.
! Mr. STANTON. Well, Mr. Chairman, it is
a true statement of the matter, that by cutting off
more than half the work, you can cut off more
than half the price pf the work. That t admit to
be true. But, sir, if it were a matter of any con:
sequence, I rliink I should be able to show that
■ the basin and railway is an indispensable portion
! of this work.
Mr. TOOMBS, (as the Reporter understood
him.) Has a basin and railway, in connection
with the dock, ever been built in any place except
at Philadelphia and Pensacpla ?
■ i Mr. STANTON. 1 am not aware whether
such is the case. But this is an invention af
modern times, and a very recent ont>.
Mr. PHELPS. I am informed that some of
these parties are concerned in a dry dock in New
York, and I desire to know if a basin has been
constructed there?
Mr. STANTON. It is ve y probable that they
have not Constructed one, because you are aware
that in a place like New York, where there are
fourteen private docks, besides the ijreat Govern-
ment stone dock, it is very likely what there- may
-be less necessity for a basin.
But, air, what has been done in other countries?
I have here some information that is very import-
ant in this point of view. I will read it:
' "In t|Se month of February last the great naval basin at
Rebastopnl was completed, and the larefeat-ships of-warin
the Russian Navy can now be docked with the greatest
eape at that port, (tape idea may be fprmed of the magnir
tude of the works when it i* plated that.the basin covers aa
extent of ten acres of ground, and has seven dry docks,
three on one side and fhur on the other. The water in the
basis is thirty feet above the level of the Black Sea, and the
vqssels are taken into it by means of three locks, tt\e iron
flies of which were made by Messrs. George and Sir John
ennie, and are sixty-four feet broad, the hrradttl M" the
locks being twenty-eight feet deep. A large -reservoir has
been constructed at some distance from the uasin, and the
former is constantly supplied with water, by allowing a
river to enter it, while the quantity of water in the basin is
regulated by sluices from the reservoir. Each of the dry
docks has a sluice, which can be opened and the water
emptied out in a very limited period, without the trouble of
pumping, the plan adopted at the docks adjoining basins in
this country when it is found requisite to empty them at
high water. The Emperor of Russia is reported to have
about fifty ships-of-war at present at Sebastopol, and ha*
recently received the best description of machinery for ma-
king blocks and otter purposes."
These works were constructed by the Emneror
-of Russia, and cost no less than §12,000,000.
We propose to accomplish just as much for
81,500,000 in California as the Emperor of Russia
has done for $12,000,000 on the waters of the
' Black Sea. But, sir, this is a matter of no con-
sequence, because I shall submit a proposition to
dispense with that part of the work, although I
believe that Government will hereafter find it" in-
dispensable, and that it is infinitely cheaper than
any other proposition which would offer the same
accommodations for the repair of vessels in any
other mode whatever.
1 have stated the circumstances under which this
Mr. H. W. Western has made this representa-
tion, reflecting.so unjustly, as I think the. gentle-
man frijon Georgia will acknowledge, on hoiior-
able members of this House.
And now, sir,' the gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
ToomM] has spoken of the,House of Represeutar
tives being degraded, if I understood' him correctly.
I think, sir, that the House of Representatives
could not be degraded so 'effectually as by charges
of that sort comingfrom a member of this House,
in the tone and manner in which they were uttered
yesterday by the gentleman, from Georgia. I con-
sider his remarks in regard to social influences
acting upon members af Congress as being-illib-
eral, to say the least of them; and so far as they
apply to .me,- if they impute that any other .moUvi
has operated upon me than that I believe the
public interest is involved in this measure, they
are utterly groundless and untrue. I profess to
be. governed in this matter by public considera-
tions, and by public considerations alone. .Audi
ask the gentleman from Georgia whethpr, in some
• future Congress, considering the transactions which
have passed but recently in relation to the late
• Secretary, of War—(I know him to be far above
any suspicion of improper conduct or influences
of any sort)—but I ask him whether, in some-fu-
ture Congress, when he is not here to defend him-
self, some future H. W_. Western may not come
forward, to deal out similar suspicions against
.him and other gentlemen who defended that trans-
. action?
