094
'Mtr CONGRESSIONAL 6L0BB.
Feb. 20,
Mr. OTIS called for the yeas and nay# on the
motion t > luy the resolution on the table.
And the ye:ts and nays were ordered.
Mr, POTTER inquired if the morning hour
had not now expired?
The SPEAKER replied that it had.
Mr. POrTER asked the unanimous consent of
the House to make   report from the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Ronds.
Mr. SCHEXCK objected to any committee
being allowed to report out of its order.
POST ROUTE BILL.
Mr. POTTER moved to suspend the rules to
suable him to present the report.
The question was taken,and the motion to sus-
pend the rules was carried, (two thirds voting in
the affirmative.)
Mr. POTTER, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported the post
route bill.
The bill was read twice by its title.
Mr. POTTER said that if he could gain the at-
tention of the House for a few moments, he would
explain what there was in the bill. The object of
the bill was to provide for-the establishment of
post routes in the United States. He had taken
peat pains in drawing the bill. He gave notice that
he was. preparing the bill, and most of the mem-
bers interested in it had had an opportunity of
examining and perfecting it. The bill was al-
ready engrossed, and he hoped there would be no
objection to put it on its passage at once.
Mr. McGAUGHEY nopetf the bill would not
be put upon its passage until members had had
an opportunity of amending it.
Mr. POTTER made a suggestion in reply
which the Reporter was unable to hear.
. Mr. McCLERN AND wished to inquire of tlie
Chair if it was competent to the gentleman from
Ohio to put the bill upon its passage now ?
The SPEAKER said that the House could put
It npon its passage.
Mr. McCLERN AND said that the fidelity of
committees to their trust was impugned because
they had not reported. He had been ready to re-
port upon matters of great public importance for
weeks, but had had no opportunity of doing so.
The SPEAKER stated that the House, by a
Mispension of the rules, had enabled this bill to be
reported.
The question was then taken on ordering the
bill to be engrossed and read a third time, and it
was decided in the affirmative.
The bill was read a third time by its title.
Mr. PEATHERSTON desired to offer an
• ipwendrtient to the bill.
Mr. POTTER hoped the gentleman would not
insist on amending the bill now, but would let it
pass at once. The amendment could be made in
the Senate. i
. Mr. JONES called for the reading of the bill.
The SPEAKER said thatit was too late. The
bill had been ordered to be engrossed and read a :
third time, and had been read a third time by ks 1
title. If the gentleman now asked for the reading,
it would be for the House to determine whether it
should be rtad or not. ,
Mr. JONES said that the House had ndjright to
plus the bill without its being read.
The SPEAKER said that the bill had been
read in the twual manner by its title. If the !i
House thought proper, they could order it to be
read in full. ' . . •
The question feeing taken, the House refused to !
hare the bill read in full. i
• Mr. JONES wished to inquire if the House ::
could pass a bill without having it read at all, and
without any member having Seen it but those on
the oommittee Which reported it ? If he was not
joistaken, the Constitution of the country required
that every bill should be read, but this bill had not
been read—not a line of it.
... The question was then taken on the passage of !
the bill, and it was decided m the affirmative.
So the bill passed.
Mr. POTTER moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and to lay the motion
to reconsider on tne table; which latter motion
* s agreed to.
WPORT "FROM committee 6n accounts.
-Mr. MASON asked the unanimous consent of
House to report from the Committee on Aocounts
the following resolutions: j
Thnt the Clerk of ttih !lou.«e pay out of tli«
contingent!and thereof', to the nevernl im*mbei9<x tha prud-
ent Congres* who were prevented by domestic affliction,
or nickitce*, or by aceulent or casualty on the route, froin
attendance at the commencement ot* either session of the
pretent Congrats, the amount to which they would have
been entitled if they hud not been m> detained.
RetoUttly That the CU'rk of this House pay out of the
contingent fund thereof, to Judge J. F. Kinney, of town,
the sum $419 15, the nnmunt of his accmmt for service*
rendered in the case of the contested election between Wil-
liam Thompson and Daniel F. Miller.
Mr. CARTTER objected.
Mr. MASON moved to suspend the rules to
enable him to introduce the resolution; which mo-
tion was not agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the rules be suspend-
ed, and that the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. ASHMUN inquired what would become
of the resolution reported from the Naval Com-
mittee and the amendment thereto, if the motion
of the gentleman from Virginia prevailed?
The SPEAKER said that it would go upon the
Speaker's table.
The question was then taken on Mr. Batlt's
motion, and it was agreed to.
MEXICAN INDEMNITY" BILt.
So the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Born,
Of Kentucky, in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the bill to provide for carrying into
execution, in further part, the twelfth ani le of
the treaty with Mexico, concluded at Guadalupe
Hidalgo.
The pending question was on the amendment of
Mr. Brooks, to add to the bill a provision that
"the President be directed, ha in case of loans
'made for the use of the United States, to adver-
' tise and receive proposals, and contract for the
' payment of the said installment through the high -
* est responsible bidder."
Mr. KING, of New Jersey, said: Thequestion
before the committee, I believe, is the amendment
of the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks,]
requiring that the payment of the Mexiqan indem-
nity due in May, 1852, shall be made only after
public tenders, and then by the highest responsible
bidder. This, upon its face, appears reasonable,
and if I believed it were practicable, I should be
the last man in this Housp to object to it. I am
not against this Government making contracts. I
am not against this contract being1 made with any
responsible parties with whom the Government
may choose to deal. But I am against this House
naming contractors in any law,, or undertaking to
exercise that discretion which properly belongs to
an executive officer of this Government, for I
think this House is entirely unfit for that duty.
And I believe I shall be able to show in this case,
if such a plan were adopted, that it would Only
have the effect to^ bring us back tp the point where
we are now. It is not like a contract for a loan,
to which the amendment likens it, because that
provides merely for the paymeht of a sum of
money for the loan, which is always taken with
security, by way of deposit paid beforehand, and
in case of default, what remains to be paid can al-
ways be obtained in the general market by the
sale of the stock. In the present case the Execu-
tive of the country is bound to execute the treaty
stipulations; and in order'to perform that duty, it is
hot only required that the parties shall be respect-
able men, and responsible men, but they must be
men who have the means of carrying out the stip-
ulations of the treaty. Now, such means do not
depend upon capital alone, nor credit alone, nor
character alone, but upon a combination of all
these qualifications, together with existing connec-
tions and correspondence in Londorj. Mexico, and
New York; for without such epmbinaiion', no as-
surance can be felt that the contract if entered
into can be certainly and punctually performed at
the time and place indicated.
On this account, applicants however responsible,
yet not possessing all the requisites which I have
mentioned, should not be contracted with, for the
Government cannot be absolutely certain that the
Stipulations of the treaty will be carried into effect
upon the day fixed; and if there be Wo certainty
upon this point, the treaty might be broken, and
the _ committee will see that no damages which
might be recovered would ever satisfy the Govern-
ment of Mexico for a violation of treaty obliga-
tions. At the risk of appearing to enter too much
into detail I mast state that in order to bring this '
matter down to a perfect certainty, the Govern-
ment could not give the contract to any jinrty,
however responsible, respectable, or intelligent,
who had not the needful connection and estab-
lished correspondence in business, in these sev-
eral countriesTnnd who could not be relied upon for
carrying out the stipulations of the treirty in it 
strictest terms. Plus being done, the Government
would have performed its duty .ami it  whole duty
and to do that, it needs no instruction or interfer-
ence on the part of this committee, which, beyond
the appropriation of the money, has, it seems to
me, nothing to do in the matter. The fact that
another tender had been made, has been intimated
to this committee, and that the Department of State-
was offered higher terms than those accepted in
the existing contract for this transaction. It is
contended that the Department had before it a ten-
der made by Messrs. Rothschild, who offered four
per cent, premium. The facts are as follows;
They made a tender of fourpercent. bonus at first,
limited in time to somewhere about April; then it
was prolonged unty May, and afterwards until the
first of July, when it was decidedly and -unequivo-
cally withdrawn. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Brooes] stated that there was some verbal
undti'standing with the Secretary of State, that this
tender might be, or would be renewed, and nego-
tiations revived on this subject, and that it was
expected that this would take place as soon as the
Secretary was ready to act: That such expecta-
tion may have existed, may or may not be-thecase;
and whether it is the fact or not is unimportant.
It is at least but a mere surmise, and vferbal un-
derstandings cannot govern -in -such mutters, or
even be considered, especially when the-Secretary
Of State with whom the understanding was said
to exist had retired, and another had succeeded
him, and when, too, the then incumbent appears:
in nowise to have had such understanding as i 
claimed. The fact, Mr. Chairman, is undoubted,
that there was on file of the Department no record
ot any such arrangement. There Was no e.vidence
that any party at that time was witling to.pay th*
Government any bonus tb carry out the treaty: stipt-
u Cations. 1 have before me a document which
proves clearly this , fact. It is a letter in: teply to
the Secretary of State, who makes tha 'inquiry
from the proper clerk in bis .Department, Mr.
Hunter, whether there is on file any record of *.
tender from any party, in rehttiwv to this subjeob
The letter is as follows:
September 16, 1850. .
Sis: Pursuant to tbe directions contained in your note
of this date, I bare again carefully examined all the paper*
on file in this Department relating to tire offer* for paying
the installment* due to Mexico on 31 at May, 1851 and 1832,
according to the treaty of Guadalupe Hidaizo, and find tbat
no other proposition than that of Messrs. Baring, Brothers
k Co., was pending the 10th"August
I have the honor to be, sir, &c., W. HUNTER. •
Hon. Daniel Webstkr. ,
Mr. K. continued: That offer was to-pay three
and a half per cent, premium frtr the privilege of
. performing these treaty stipulations. It wets from
the same party who hid paid the firtt Instalment
under a contract entered into with Mr. Walker*
who was then Secretary of the Treasury; for it
seems, at that time the business was transacted
in that Department, though afterwards Changed
during the administration of General Taylor.
They, I say, performed these duties which were
imposed on them by the contract, faithftally and
punctually, and to the entire satisfaction of this
Government, and to that of Mexico. This party
made another proposal on the 9th of August to
perform the same auty. I have just shown that
there was at that time no other proposition before
the Department when this proposal was accepted.
It is said that a premium of tnree and a half per
cent, is not as much as should have been offered.
This will be found not to be Correct when the
facts are known. Indeed, I very ranch doubt
whether, on account of the change in the value of
silver bullion, seriously affecting the rates of ex-
change, the Contractors will be able to realize any
profit from the transaction, so far as regards the
payment ofthe third instalment in May next, in-
deed they may lose their labor and pains, without
receiving any reward; but, nevertheless, my word
for it, they will perform the contract, and the
money will just as certainly be paid m the city of
Mexico, as it will be due. NoW it seems there is
but one practicable mode of paying the money in
Mexico. It eftnnot be done by the Government
transporting there gold or silver. It must be
