1851,
THE CQNfiRESSIONA^ Gj.OBJL
m
through the medium of exchanges between Mex-
ico, London, and New York; and it requires that
the same course should be pursued as in any
commercial transaction of a similar character. I
repeat, they must have agents in the city of Mex-
ico, and there must be banking-houses in London
and at New York.
With regard to the operations in exchange be-
tween these respective places, I am quite sure
they are not sufficiently extensive to accomplish
the object within less time than is allowed, even
by making; the Appropriation now, for Mexico is
a city of limited foreign trade. There is only a
certain amount of commercial transactions there.
I think <£40,000 sterling is all that could probably
be negotiated for this object, by any one foreign
tnail. There are, I believe, two mails per month,
which would make -£80,000 sterling as the high-
est sum which could be negotiated in any month—
<f90,000, or nearly $400,000. At this rate it would
require eight months to pay $3,200,000, which is
the amount due to the Government of Mexico,
according tn the treaty, in May, 1852. It therefore
becomes indispensably necessary, if prompt pay-
ment is to be secured, to make arrangements with
some party which possesses the mean# of tarry-
ing out the contract.
l believe the contract is as favorable a one as
couH have been obtained from any one competent
to perform it. Now it is objected that the contractors
haTe loaned money at enormous interest to the
Mexican Government, ffit be so, k was their own
Money, and not that of the United States—and
that is no concern of ours. As to the rate of in-
terest, I presume if the Mexican Government
could have borrowed money at arty cheaper rate
they Would havedotre so; so that after all th£y paid
no more than thestate of their credit required; and
surely that is not a Matter of inquiry here, when the
House Is informed that no part of pur money was
used in this transaction. It ts perfectly clear that the
Mexican Government, or any other Government;
would not botroW money at a higher rate when
they could get it ata cheaper one. The agsWtfem of
the gentleman froth Ohio, (Mr. C that these
parties have taken the montty of the United States
and have used it and the credit of the United States
to enable them to make money by loaning it at usu-
rious interest to the Mexican Government, is thus
shown to be entirely'without foundation.- These
contractors have not touched onedolhur ofthe money
of tb e Uriitfed States; and if they have made loans to
the Mexican Government it was front their own
funds; and how they have used those fitnds I do
not know, and I am not disposed to inquire; nor
do I believe that it concerns this House to inquire
into the matter. Now as to using the credit of this
Government: they have not had it under their con-
trol at all—nor would It have aided their negotia-
tions to have been known as contractori with it—
their exchange operations depended upon their own
credit and resources. Sufltee it, then, to' say, that
no part of the money of the United States was
used in any transaction of these contractors.
The terms that were proposed by these parties
were, that they w«re to pay this Government three
and a half per cent, premium, and the contract was
that they mould'pity in the city of Mexkio dollar
for dollar of that indemnity. So that oar Govern- -
men t refcefWIa large bonus, and Mexico is to re-
ceive all that the treaty secures to it. It has been
attempted to be shown that this contract could
have been made upon better terms, and that by an-
other contract, to which reference has been made,
this Government might have received a larger pre-
mium; but the committee will observe, if the pro-
posals for that coritract could have been accepted,
that Mexico would have refeAived payment from
the "contractors under a large discount, whereas
by the existing contract our Government receives a
bonus of three and a half per cent, while the Mex-
ican Government receives the whole indemnity
provided by the treaty, without any discount what- ;
ever. By the arrangement mid to' have been en-;
tered into with Mr. Marks, to'which reference has
been made, this Government would have been
offered four and ahalfper cent, bonus, and Mexico
would have been charged three and a half percent,
forservices, making Sight per cent, to be deducted
from the instalment. Now all this is, in fact, in
diminution of the amount of the instalment, and,
therefore, upon every dollar doe to Mexico ninety-
two per cent, would be paid here, which, at three j>0r
cent, premium, receivable in Mexico, w««ld yield 1
j less than ninety-five per cent, upon every dollar
i which our Government has engagedto pay in full, in
; thecity of Mexico. I ask this committee which con-
: tract, upon this statement, ought to receive their
; sanction-, even if the question were an open one?
. which I contend it is not, but closed by a contract
lawfullyand considerately, and beneficially entered
, into by the Executive department.
I contend, Mr. Chairman, that the Secretary
| had a right to make the contract; that it was a
i good contract—as good as could have been made.
! It is made, too, with a party who had in a similar
i transaction proved his ability and fidelity, and
i who will carry this one out to the satisfaction both
of this Government and the Mexican Government.
I maintain not only that he had a perfect right to
make the contract, but that he ought to have made
1 it; and, moreover, that in good faith and with a view
.. to the public interest, this House cannot recind it
unless they pass a vote of censure upon the Secre-
tary of State for the performance of his duty under
the sanction of the President-, which I do not think
, they will do, without some evidence of mfttfeas-
ance or mistake. f
Mr. Chairman, there is no pretence either of
-, malfeasance at mistake". The contract was made
j after the tender of Mr. Rothschild was withdrawn,
i and when there was no other proposal before the
!| Government. Under these' circumstances the
! Secretary* of State had a right, and indeed was
: tailed upon to make the contract which ha* been
I' made. I am Sure that the Messrs'. Rothschild
1 knew well their business—they counted well the
; risk and the gain—and they withdrew the pro-
posal to pay this Government thtt four per cent,
bonds, Which'is just half per cent, more than
is paid under the -contract in existence. This
, clearly shows how near the mark this contract
was fixed, and this, too., without any public
tender whatever.- All must admit that this Gov-
| eramebt was bound to execute the treaty atipula-
' tions, They had no option, and thsonfyway in
which they could execute those stipulations with
certainty and punctuality,-was to' employ parties
Upon whom implicit confidence might be placed;
and k so happened that the only bidders for the
service were those whom the Government had
before employed. They faithfully performed their
engagements then, and they wiH do so again. I
venture to say at this time, that if the facts were
known, the Mexican Government are better satis-
fied with this contract than they would have been
1 if any attempt in behalf Of Mr. Marks had been
successful; and in coming to that conclusion, I
proceed upon the ground that a debt paid in one
hundred cents to the dollar is preferred to one
which must be cancelled for ninety-five cents for
one hundred, which is all that the Marks ar-
rangement would have paid to Mexico. I have
said that the change in die rates of exchanges
mil have a most important' and injurious bearing
upon this transaction—a change resulting from the
unexpected variation in the value of silver bullion.
Mr. OTIS (interrupting) was understood! to
ask if, when this matter Was up last ysar, and the
suggestion was then meeds to advertise for pro*
posaJs, whether the gentleman- from New Jersey
[Mr. King] did not say it was a fair and proper
mode of ascertaining the suitable rates, for con*
tracing? <• ■
■ Mr. KING. I think the gentleman from Maine
{Mr. Otu] must be under a misapprehension.' •-
■ Mr. OTIS. I /understood. Jhim" on a previous
occasion to be it) favor «f this mbde of public ten-
ders; but I admit, when he ascertained thata
contract had been made, he was desirous to sus-
tain it.
Mr. KING. My opinions always have been
in favor of public tenders-Where practicable when
Government contracts arein question; but it is ad*
mitted that when I ascertained that a contract had
been made, I was for sustaining that contracts—be*
lieving then, as now, that it was & lawful andad-
vantageous contract. I am of the same-mind now,
and prepared again to support a lawful and existing
contract. I will add, with perfectfrankries8,thatso
far as experience and my reflections raids me, I
think now, that public tenders for such contracts
as these are not needful to reach the best terms of
contracting, as I have endeavored to show is some
of my preceding remarks; and I should rsally.be
willing to listen; if the honorable gentleman would
Answer these remarks. • <
' Mr. OTIS. I wsuld like to make a suggestion,
if the gentleman win allow me. -If -the Govern*
ment of Mexico were willing to pay Mr. Marks
eight per cent, then, would they-not he as willing
to give eighyaer cent, now ? ■ ■
Mr. KING. As the Government of Mexico
have made no communications, to my knowledge*
on the subject, I do not know what they would be
willing to do. If they werewilling to do as sug-
gested, we ought not to lend our aid to place them
m a worse condition than is their right, Under the
treaty, which provides for payment in full. Why
should we aid in making the Government of Mex-
ico sacrifice four per cent, in order to put the. dif-
ference in contractors' pockets? -The gentleman
virtually asks why the United States should not
require Mexico to take niautpfirie cents, instead of
a iottar ? I take it that the House does not need
any'answer to such a proposition. Our duty
is to pay the full amount, and we have contracted
to do so. Let that contract 'stand, and Mexico
will get her full dues, and we receive a bonus of
$111,300. Thatsome loss to the contractors is very
likely, and that the bonus of three and a half per
cent, is in great jeopardy on their part, I am also
free to confess. But this is their concern. This
committee would probably have no disposition',
nor will they be asked, to -interfere. I speak with
confidence, -from long acquaintance with all the
parties;but I have no more personal or pecuniary
interest in this matter than any or -every other
gentleman in this House. ; -
No w as to the necessity of an early appropriation
of this money, I think a word may be repeated1.
The question is asked, why maksaus appropriap-
tion now? The gentleman from Ohio- fair. Viw>-
tov] has said, if this appropriation was not passed
now, it would not be until the middle of the next
session, even if so soon, -and thenj that there
would notbe time to carry out our treaty stipula-
tions, as that period would approach so near the
time at which the indemnity ls due in Mexico, as
to leave so possibility of its being paid; -
I believe there is no other mode than to give the
parties full time to execute their contract. I harte
shown you, that the three millions two . hundred
thousand dollars cannot he placed 'in. Mexioo,
-unless several monthss are allowed to do-it w.
1 believe the present contractors have not beat
able through exchanges toi raise more than a
million of dollar*, although they have had an
able agent in Mexico for the last five month*.
1 believe, also, that with any and all efforts on
their part it will not be within their power to
sell as much exchange in the Mexican market
as will enable them from such sources (and there
are no other except borrowing- themselves there)
to pay this next installment, and they'will be driv*
en to their own resources. But I Will assure this
committee, from a personal knowledge of the par-
ties concerned, there will be no default, defalcation,
Or delay; and that the treaty stipulations of the
Government will -be faithfully antt honorably per-
formed. I- trust this and all other amendments
will be rejected, and that the bill-'will be passed an
it was reported from the Committee of Ways and
Means.
'Mr. ALLEN said: In thecourae of the discus-
sion of this matter which is'now before die com-
mittee, it will be remembered that I spoke last
evening upon the subject. I was followed by one
or two individuals, with remarks which were
highly vituperative in their character and entirely
persmwd from beginning to end. I ask now the
indulgence and magnanimity of -the committee t-a
alloW md to reply to those personalities, and I
promise not to occupy the time of the House more
than half an hour. I hope the committee will af-
ford me this opportunity. I ask their unanimous
consent to reply to the remarks of my colleague,
{Mr. AiHMim,] last evening.
Mr. JONES. I object.
■ A Voice.' You are entitled to four minutes
yet. '
Mr. ALLEN. It is impossible for me to meet
the' remarks which haVeljeen made in the space of
five minutes. I am quite surprised that objection
should be made. 1 hope I mall not again be in-
terrupted.
Mr. CASEY. I object.
Mr. ALLEN. 1 tunc if this'committee will re-
fuse to do me thissimple act of justice * -•
Cries of " Go on ! go on t"
Mr.-ALLEN. I took occasion, on last even-
ing-, «* remark among stlicr things——
