THfc' BoNGREffilbJfAt GLOBE.
Feb. 26,
Mr. CASEY. I rise to a point of order. My
point of order is, that the gentleman from New
Jersey) [Mr. King,] cannot yield the floor to the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Allen,] for
the purpose of making a speech, except by unani-
mous consent.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts is entitled to the Aoor.
Mr. ALLEN. I hope the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania has now sufficiently shown his zeal to
carry out strictly the rules of the House, to be
satisfied, and not again encroach upon the four
minutes which are allotted to me.
Mr. CASEY. ■ I rise to another point of order.
The gentleman from Massachusetts has already
spoken on this subject, and cannot make another
speech as long as any other gentleman wants the
floor.
The CHAIRMAN. No other gentleman
claimed the floors - The- gentleman from Massa-
chusetts is entitled to the floor and will proceed. -
Mr. ALLEN. I stated to this House the'eir-
cumstances under which the Secretary of State
came into his office. I informed, the House, if
they were not sufficiently informed of the fact.be*
fore, that he stood in his place as much a hired
agent and stipendiary of Wall street and State
street, as a servant of the •Government and coun-
try. I gave you the particulars of the arrange-
ment by which certain gentlemen came forward
and voluntarily contributed their means ta carry
out that arrangement. I stated the terms of that
arrangement, By which, upon the call of the Sec-
retary himself, a certain sum of money ww* to be
paid in Boston, and a like aura in New York, as
& compensation for his accepting the office of Sec-
retary of State. Now, how were these statements
Met? With facts ? Not at all. Were they
treated as facts, of no importance if true? Not
at all. I did not hear any distinct declaration of
my colleague—for I cannot speak of his broken
utterance last evening as containing any distinct
declaration- -that the statements I made were sub-
stantially untrue. But, notwithstanding, a mem-
ber of this House had felt it to be his duty, upon
his responsibility, to utter grave facts for the con-
sideration of tne House. One gentleman and
another rises for the purpose of diverting the atten-
tion of the House from the true point of inquiry,
and to excite prejudice against the member who
has brought forward these facts. .
[Here the hammer fell.]
Cries of " Go on!"" go on!" •
Mr. CASEY. I object.
Mr. ASHMUN. I suppose I can speak on the
amendment five minutes.
Mr. BAYLY.' I am entitled to the floor'.
Mr. ASHMUN. 1 ask the gentleman from
Virginia to allow me to go on. I wish now to
meet what I did not choose to meet, and what I
was not ready to meet, last evening.
Mr. CARTTER. I rise to a point of order.
The point I make is this: The committee have re-
fused the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Allen] time for his defence, and the floor was as-
signed' ta the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, [Mr. Batly,] who hands it over to
the person against whom this defence was to be
Blade. The point of order which I make is, that
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means has no such right.
Mr. BAYLY, (in his seat.) I never pretended
to have any such right. >
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir- i
ginia is entitled to the floor, and cannot yield ex.*
cept for explanation.
Mr. BCJK.T. I desire to make one suggestion.
I understand the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Bayly] cannot yield the floor to either of the gen-
tlemen from Massachusetts for the purpose of
speaking upon the matter on which they wish to
speak. I therefore propose that by unanimous
consent, twenty minutes be allowed.
AMember. "Agreed." "No objection."
Mr. ALLEN appealed to his colleague [Mr.
Ashmun] to read Mr. Webster's denial, if he had
it, as he intimated at that time that he (Mr. Al-
len) might have a chance to reply to it.
Mr. ASHMUN was understood by the Re-
P0^?1" not to signify his assent.
.Mr. ALLEN. _ My colleague refuses to give
j a' at.t'1'8 time. I wish the committee so to
understand it. It will then be for the committee
o say whether there shall be hereafter an oppor-
tunity to reply or not. I stated that there was no
denial last evening of the statement I made yester-
day. Does my colleague mean to deny it now ? ,
If he does, I will meet that denial with proof. I
am ready for the issue whenever and wherever it
uaay be made. All I ask is, that the Secretary of ;
State and his friends will not resist an investiga-
tion, but will give me an opportunity to bring for-
ward the facts, and I here pledge myself to this
committee that, notwithstanding any denial, 1 will
prove the existence of the arrangement I have dis-
closed.
After Mr, Webster received the offer of an ap-
pointment to his present office, he wrote to Boston
for the purpose of ascertaining what would be done
for him in respect to pecuniary matters. It was
agreed that the sum of $25,000 should be raised for
him inBoston,andthesameamountinNewYork.
I am assured that the full sum was subscribed in
the latter city, but that it fell somewhat short in
Boston, amounting to $19,600. Gentlemen in Bos-
ton had bled so freely on. former occasions of a
similar character, that it was difficult to raise the
full amount.
Now, I repeat, that if the Secretary of State lias
had such an arrangement with the merchants and
bankertof New York and Boston, he is a most ex-
eeptionable person to have the management of the
pecuniary negotiations of this Government. That
is what I say. No matter, if it could be shown
that the moi)«y was a voluntary gift.;. Every one
knows for what purposes commercial men make
pecuniary gifts tQ.men high in office,and a man of
trite independence would hare rejected, it. He
would have looked with distrust Jtfid feat; upon
gifts' which involve obligation, or the suspicion of
obligation, to particular interests and classes of
men, and would have cast them from him. ■ But so
far from a reluctant acceptance even of the gift by
the Secretary of State, the country will be satisfied,
if the facts can reach it, that it was sought by that
: officer before he assumed the duties.of his place. -•
j And now, sir, I ask, if such influences,brought
I to bear upon a high functionary of State are not
dangerous to public justice, to all the interests of
the country, and especially dangerous, when pe-
cuniary concerns of immense amount are placed
in the hands of such officer, or assumed by nim ?
Now, what was the reply ofi my colleague last
evening? He said his colleague [Mr. A-] was
sent here to uphold the cause of human liberty,
and endeavored to enlist the prejudices of a large
majority of this House against the political char-
acter of the speaker; and the gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Hilliarb] soon chimed in with his
sweet voice. It was an attempt to close the ear of
the House against the truth by calling up political
prejudices, and thereby diverting attention from
the real issiie which was before it.
Sir, whatever my political sentiments may be, I
can appeal to all tne members of this House to
bear me witness that I have been frank, open, and
undisguised. I make no speeches for one part of
the country* and allow the papers in this city and
south of it to publish them as made, and some
time afterwards write out a different version of
those same speeches for some country newspaper
at home, which is never seen south of Mason &
Dixon's line. I do not whisper to you in one
place that I am the friend of southern measures,
and.hold out an opposite policy to my constituents.
On the other hand, gentlemen will do me the
justice to say that I have not unduly obtruded my
opinions upon the House. It seems to me that
the aspersions which my colleague and his confed-
erate have cast upon me will fail of effecting their
purpose, and must recoil upon their own heads,
and upon the cause they would by such means
sustain. This House ana the country will not be
borne away from the true issue by this attempt to
divert attention from it, and to smother the truth
under the weight of sectional and party prejudice.
My colleague has seen fit to assail me upon
matters altogether disconnected with the subject
before the House. The impotence of the attack
may perhaps extort a pardon for its malignity.
But of what consequence is it to this House, or
what has it to do with the subject of its inquiry,
that in consequence of the law peculiar to Massa-
chusetts, which requires a majority over all com-
petitors, no election has yet been made in my dis-
trict, though two trials have taken place, and my
plurality is some twelve hundred or fifteen hundred
over my Whig opponent? For what purpose does [
the malice of my colleague thus vent itself? As to
coalitions, sir, I know of none in my district;but in
the district of my assailant there has been for
years a coalition of the strangest character, by
I which he has been kept in his seat. It is a coali-
tion of men of entirely opposite characters, one
part adhering to the representative through the
force of party ties, and the other portion brought
into sympathy with the incumbent through affini-
ties of a far different nature. If any one is curi-
ous to investigate the history and character of this
remarkable combination, there are probably at all
times some around the Capitol who can fully un-
fold them.
Objection is made to any disclosure of the infirm-
ities of the Secretary, and this objection comes
from the member from Alabama, [Mr. Hhxu.rd,.J
on the ground of the greatness of that individual.
However much the public interest may require
investigation into the conduct of that gentleman,
the shield, not of place merely, but also of high
intellectual character, is to be thrown over him.
i And here let me do faint justice to the singular-
speech of .the member from Alabama. It seems
that gentleman has found a way to solve the prob-
lem which He, whose servant the gentleman as-
sumes to be one day in seven, declared, ta be hard
' and even impossible of solution. He lias, found
out-how to "serve two masters." Rising frona
his seat, whan an opportunity was afforded him
to bow in adoration to the source of preferment
and worldly honor, the glorious vision of a for-
eign embassy passing before his bedazzled eyes, he
poured forth strains of poetic praise, so touching
' and so beautiful that the enthi*sia*m of.his friend,
from South Carolina [Mc HoLHgs] was, excited
to- therhighest; pitch of extaticjoy. I .confess to
| the possession of a taste less,,fortunate, -and .co.^ld
I not feel all the emotion of that gentleman. ft*. thf
member from Alabama pronounced.,his senteyicps,
made up.of-glittering fragments, borrowed front
this .orator and that orator,,from.poets of all times.
Living-and dead. ,
To gratify dis taste, ratjier tn^n nry. ownrl,will
indulge the gentleman from Alabama with one
quotation, which, at/the moment of bi^speech, oc-
curred to my mind as affording theonly mode of
accounting .for the gentleman's display of himself.
It must,, indeed, be that he " had beep to a feast
of languages, and stolen thescraps."
But, sir, to treat this argument with, due .seri-
ousness, let me repeat, in substance, what not ions
since I had occasion to say, that I know, \velf
enough the great intelligence of tha| distinguished
man, Daniel Webster. I know.very well ithe
power of his mighty intellect, how it,stands out
in monatroi|s disproportion to every other attrit
bute of the man. I oow in silent wonder, before
; the mysterious dispensation-of Providence, which
| saw fit to confer so much of intellectual power,
where there was so little moral .strength i .
, What is knowledge, what is talent, without
goodness, as a guide in the^flairs of life? And,
what but a demon would th? -greatest intellect
which the Deity ever created be,, if it stood inde-
1 pendent of goodness ?
The world has had example* of men in all ages,
who were gifted with great powers of intellect,
and who yet would fall before temptations, which
! thefeeblest of mankind often resist. The instances,
j as you know, have not been few, but many—so
I many, that I trust the people have long since
' learned to disregard the dictation of mere intellect,
where there are no qualities of the. heart, also,
upon which they can rely. >
I call to mind, at this moment, one of the most
distinguished men tlie world ever knew. It will
be no disparagement to say that he possessed an
intellect superior even to that of Mr. Webster
himself. Certainly his attainments, in every de-
partment of knowledge, were far superior. And
yet he sank before temptations which the weakest
resist, and was dismissed from the highest
of State, in disgrace and with contempt. J.nat
pian, characterized as
•*' Wisest, brightest, meanest of mankind,
stands on the page of history, a warning to e
world that intelligence and virtue are not insepa-
rably combined, and that you must see to it, that
the orilliant intellect, to which you turn for gl-
ance and direction, is itself controlled and directed
i .houiai
closed the facts I have communicated to the House,
