700
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 26,
rule of the Houae required, that after a speech in
favor, the gentleman who replied should speak :
against the amendment.
Mr. THOMPSON said that he was opposed to
the amendment, because he thought that we had
do responsibility in the matter; but that it rested
with the Executive to commit the transaction
either to the hands of the Secretary of State or to
the Secretary of the Treasury. An imputation
had been made against the former officer, which he
much regretted, as his vote, oneway or the other,
could hardly clear from the possibility of being
considered an indication of want of confidence in
one or the other He was opposed to Congress
directing who Should conduct the negotiation for a
contract, if it should be made. He was willing to
leave it with the President of the United States, as
an executive duty; and to whomever he might de-
pute that duty, he would still remain the respon-
sible party.
Mr. OTIS offered to withdraw his amendment.
The CHAIRMAN stated that it could only be
done by unanimous consent.
Mr. JONES objected.
The question was then taken on the adoption of
Mr. Otis'* amendment, and it was decided in the
negative.
80 the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. JONES offered a pro forma amendment.
He said, that his colleague on the Committee of
Ways and Means [Mr. Thompson, of Mississip-
pi] had said that he was willing to take ail the
responsibility which attached to his position here.
He (Mr. J.) did not doubt it, nor aid any other
gentleman on that floor. But what responsibility
did he propose to take, or could he take? He said
that he would let the President of the United
8tates select which of his Ministers he might see
fit to perform this service. With regard to this
contrast, he could say that it was not the only
proposition made, ana that some of them offered
to ao it at even a higher discount.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, inquired if
they were by responsible bidders ?
Mr. JONES would ask who was to judge of
responsibility,and on what grounds the gentleman
from Mississippi seemed to doubt that these were
responsible bidders?
With regard to the party by whom the contract !
should be negotiated, ne (Mr. J.) was of opinion
ion that it should be left entirely to the executive
branch of Government. SupDosing Mr. Webster,
or any other member of the Aaministratioa, should
be guided by any such influences as the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Allen] would have
the House believe, then it would be nearly a cer-
tainty, that however low competing bids might
be, the favorite bidder would be selected as the
responsible bidder; and who could controvert it ?
But still such a case was most improbable, and
after all, the responsibility would rest entirely
with the executive branch of Government; and he
(Mr. J.) contended, with the honorable chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr.
Batlt,] that the duty and the responsibility of
Congress in this matter began ana ended with
making the simple appropriation that was neces-
sary to pay the installment, and that then the exe-
cution of the law must be left with the Adminis-
tration.
Mr. VINTON said that he was opposed to the
amendment, but that he had risen to say that he
thought this subject was thoroughly understood,
and that if the debate was prolonged it would be
quite impossible at this late period of the session,
to pass the Army and Navy bills. He therefore
moved that the committee rise, with a view of
offering a resolution to suspend the five minutes
rule for this bill.
The motion was agreed to and the committee
rose.
And the Speaker having resumed the chair, the
chairman of the committee reported progress.
Mr. VINTON asked the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a resolution to suspend
the rule allowing five minutes debate on the bill
now under consideration in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, objected.
Mr. VINTON moved to suspend the rules to
enable him to introduce the resolution.
Mr. BURT called for the yeas and nays; which
were ordered, and beinz taken, were—yeas 109,
nays 66; as follow:
YEAS—Memr*. Alston, Anderson, Andrews, Ashmun,
Aveiatt, Uiiyly, Beale, Bissell. Bowie, Breck, Brigs*, W. I
J. Brown, Burrows, Butter, E. C'arriiiKton Cabell, Jiwciili
P. Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell, Csrtter, Chandler, W. U.
W. Cobb, Cole, Conger, Corwin, Cruwell, Manner, Do-
berry, Dickey, Dimmick, Dixon, Nathan Kvan*, Ewiug,
entry, Gilbert, Gott, Gould, Grinnell, Hainmoud, Hay,
llayiuoud, Henry, Hibbnrd, Hilliartl, Houston,Howe, Hun-
ter, Joseph W. Jackson, William T. Jackson, James L.
John-son, Jones, Kerr, George G. King, James (J. King,
John A. kins, Levin, Horace Mann, Job Mann, Marshall,
Maueson, McDonald, McGaughey, McKissock, Meachaui,
Daniel K. Miller, Moore, Morehead, Morrison, Morton,
Nelson, Ogle, Outlaw, Peasjee, Penn, Phojnix, Pitman,
Potter, Puuiam, Reed, Reynolds, Richardson, Kisley, Rob-
inson, Rockwell, Rose, Rosa, Sackett, Schenck, Bcher-
merhorn, Schoolcraft, Hhepperd, Silvester, Spaulding,
Sprague. Stanly, Alexander H. Stephens, Taylor, John B.
Thompson, Thtirman, Toombs, Undcrhill, Van Dyke, Vin-
ton, YVatkins, VVentworth, White, Whittlssey, and Wil-
liams—109.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Allen, Ashe, Bingham, Bo-
cock, Bowdon, Brooks, A. G. Brown, Burt, Joseph Ca-
ble, Cleveland, Colcock, Daniel, Doty, Dunham, Durkee,
Edmuadson, Featherslon, Pitch, Fuller, Gerry, Gorman,
Green, Hall, Halloway, Haralson, I sham G. Harris, Samp-
son \\ . Hams, Holladay, Howard, Inge, Robert YV. John-
son, Julian, La S*re, Mason, McCIernand, McDowell,
McLanahan, Robert M. McLane, McMullen, McWillle,
Meade, J. K. Miller, Millson, Morris, Morse, Orr, Otis,
Parker, Phelps, Powell, RobUas, Root, Savage, Seddna,
Stetson, Sweetser, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Venable,
IValden, Waldo, Wallace, VVildrick, Wiluiot, Woodward,
and Young—60.
So the rules were not suspended.
On motion by Mr. VINTON, the rules were
suspended, and the House resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The question was then .taken on Mr. Jones's
amendment to the amendment, and it was not
agreed to.
The question recurred upon the amendment
proposed by Mr. Brooks.
. Mr. BROOKS said that before the question was
taken, he wished to say a word or two; and in
order that he might do so, he would move to
amend the amendment by adding these words:
" any arrangement to the contrary notwithstand-
ing." His object in proposing that amendment
whs to show
Mr. BURT raised the question of order, that
the gentleman was modifying his own amendment,
andliad no right to speak to the modification. It
had been so ruled repeatedly.
The CHAIRMAN sustained the .point of
order.
Mr. BURT moved to amend the amendment
by inserting after the word " proposal/' the words
" under the direction of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury."
Mr. B. mid that he should probably not have
said a word upon this subject, if it had not been
for the inquiry made on yesterday by the gentle-
man from Missouri, [Mr. Green,] in regard to
the contract in this instance being made by the
Secretary of State. It was proper that he (Mr.
B.) should state, that he utterly disclaimed any
imputation whatever upon the probity and integ-
rity of the Secretary of State. He had no such
idea—none whatever. But it struck him as ex-
ceedingly strange, that inasmuch as the first install-
ment of the debt had been paid by the Secretary
of the Treasury, the Secretary of State should be
charged—as they had been informed by the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means—by
the President and Cabinet with the payment of
the remaining installment. This was, nebelieved,
the first instance in the history of the country, in
which the Secretary of State had been required to
perform a similar duty. Gentlemen would find
that the duties of the Secretary of State were
clearly defined by the act of 1789, and the Presi-
dent of the United States eould not charge him
with the performance of other duties than those
imposed on him by that act. What were these
duties?^ Every gentleman must know that they
related "to affairs between this Government and
foreign nations, to instructions to ministers, con-
suls, and diplomatic agents of this Government,
and to correspondence with similar agents on the
part of foreign nations. He maintained that the
President of the United States had no earthly au-
thority to charge the Secretary of State with any
duties, other than these.
Now, would gentlemen suppose that to chaffer
with bankers, and to make pecuniary arrange
ments for disbursing a sum of money, was a mat-
ter of diplomacy? _ It was a mere executive duty.
It was no diplomatic act. If the proposition were
that the Secretary of State should, by treaty with
the Mexican Government, alter the manner of
paying this debt, why, then it would bea function
within the scope of his duty. It seemed to him,
that matters of this sort came distinctly and ex-
plicitly within the scope of the duties of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury.
He might be permitted to sav in reference to
these bankers wnose names had been mentioned
in this debate, that he knew but one of them, (Mr.
Coicoran,) the banker of this city, and he knew
no man who was more gentlemanly, more just,
more unexceptionable, or more obliging than he.
He (Mr. B.) had no business with the bankers, as
his affairs did not require it; but he presumed that
there was not a member of the House who had
ever applied to that gentleman for any facilities or
convenience that had not been readily afforded to
him. And if he (Mr. B.) had a favor to bestow,
he knew of no one more worthy of it than this
gentleman.
Mr. BAYLY said that his friend from South Car-
olina was at fault in his recollection of history in
relation to this matter. The gentleman had said
that there was no instance in the history of this
Government where a disbursement of money of
this sort had been made by the Secretary of State.
He (Mr. B.) was not going to defend this arrange-
ment. Not at all. It was not necessary. But
the fact being notorious that this negotiation was
to be made by the Secretary of State, it was proper
for him to show that, in voting for this bill, he
was not sanctioning an unusual thing. He hap-
pened to recollect one very remarkaole instance,
. which would show that the gentleman from South
: Carolina, was mistaken. Unaerthe treaty of peace
! negotiated at Ghent the British Government agreed
1 to pay for-all the slaves that were taken off by her
fleet after the war. She sent the money orer here
to be disbursed, and he knew the fact thset ths
whole matter was under the management of the
State Department. That was a much stronger
case than this, because there the money was re-
ceived from a foreign Government, and was placed
in the hands of the Administration, and it was a
I domestic disbursement among the citizens of this
1 country . Here, on the contrary, the money was to
be paid to a foreign country. And if it wasproper
for theSecretary of State to disburse money received
from a foreign nation, amongst our own citizens,
was there not a much more marked propriety in
placing this matter in the hands of the Secretary
of State, when the money was to be paid to a for-
eign nation5
Mr. BURT-(interposing) said that he was very
happy to be corrected if he was in error, but he
should like the gentleman from Virginia to inform
the committee whether that was not under some
arrangement of the treaty or under some law?
, Mr. BAYLY replied that it was under neither.
Mr. BURT said that he happened to know some-
thing about this matter, and he thought the gentle-
! man was mistaken. It was under a law.
Mr. BAYLY resumed: Suppose it wtav*hat
I would make the case Mill stranger, and would
J show that the American Congress, even in a do-
1 mestic disbursement, thought theSecretary of State
: the proper officer. He (Mr. B.) was free to con-
lj fess, that in the beginning of this matter, he had
i thought that the Secretary of the Treasury was
the proper person, but the progress of affairs had
shown that the decision of General Taylor's Cabi-
net, in giving it to Mr. Clayton, was correct.
There had been a great deal of correspondence
between the Mexican Minister and the Mexican
Government, and Mr. Webster. That correspond-
ence could not have been carried on by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, he having ho function to
correspond with foreign Governments. It must
have been carried on by the Secretary of State,
and nothing could be more awkward or inconve-
nient than that the Secretary of the Treasury
should have the management of the matter, when
the correspondence in reference to it should be car-
ried on by the Secretary of State.
[Here the hammer fell.] . ,
Mr. BURT called for tellers on his amendment
to the amendment; which were ordered, and
I Messrs. Richardson and Ewing were appointed.
The question being taken, the tellers reported-
ayes 44, noes 102.
So the amendment to the amendment was no
^Mr! HOUSTON moved to amend Mr. Brook***
