1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
701
amendment, by substituting for it, to be added to
end of the original bill: "to be paid in the mode
already arranged for that purpose."
Mr. H.said: I have been a very attentive ob-
server of the debate on this bill, from the time it
was first taken up for consideration by the com-
mittee, and 1 believe I have heard all that haa been
said both for and against the various amendments
which have been offered. I am free to say, after
all I have heard, that I entirely agree with the
Committee of Ways and Means, and honorable
gentlemen who have assumed the ground that the
mode and manner of paying this money after the
appropriation is made, is purely an executive
function—an arrangement to be made by the ex-
ecutive department of the Government, and not by
the legislative or appropriating power. I concur
with the honorable chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, who has reported this bill, that
the House has nothing more to do with this mat-
ter than to make the appropriation; and that that
appropriation, when made, must be paid according
to the terms of the treaty, under the direction and
management of another and coordinate depart-
ment of the Government, as other appropriations
are expended and disbursed when made.
I wish, however, to advert very briefly to a few
remarks which fell from the honorable member
from South Carolina, [Mr. Burt,] in regard to
what he is disposed. to term the very extraordi-
nary mode which has been heretofore adopted in
the payment of these installments, due under a
treaty to Mexico. As such, it appears to me that
it would be perfectly legitimate for the Adminis-
tration, as an executive duty, to adopt whatever
mode might seem best, most convenient, and most
conducive to the public interests; and that it would
be perfectly competent for it, under all the circum-
stances, and taking into consideration the peculiar
nature and obligation of this indebtedness, to ar-
range the mode and terms of payment through
whatever Department of the Government it might
see proper to select. But as to the course pursued
by my friend, Mr. Clayton, the late Secretary of
State, in regard to this matter, I would state that
so long as it remained a subject of diplomatic ar-
rangement between the two Governments, and so
long as it was proposed to effect the payment by
negotiation with the minister of Mexico in this
country, or through the agency of the American
minister resident in that country, he deemed it to
be his duty, as Secretary of State, to superintend
and direct it, as it clearly was. But after having
made the attempt, and bailed to effect a payment
through the diplomatic channels of the two coun-
tries, he declined having anything further to do
with conducting the payment of it, on grounds of
personal delicacy alone, as I have the best reasons
for knowing and stating, and not because it would
have been, under the circumstances, a usurpation
of power on the part of the Executive to direct
him to do it. If, however, the payment had to be
effected through bankers, or through the agency
of private individuals, and not in the mode which
I have stated, he did not conceive it to be a duty
necessarily devolving upon his Department to
have anything to do with it; and inasmuch as he
foresaw that, if such, an arrangement had to be
made through bankers or private individuals, his
motives for making such an arrangement might
be liable to misconstruction and malevolent im-
. peachment—a foresight which, 1 would remark, has
been strikingly vindicated in the progress of this
discussion, in which it has been shown that he
would have been liable to beassailed with calumny,
if any one should see proper, in such a case, to im-
peach his integrity for some supposed secret and
personal interest which he might have in such an
arrangement—he peremptorily declined to have
any connection with it, and refused to entertain
any proposition of that nature as soon as he dis-
covered that he could not effect the payment of
the money through diplomatic agencies, except to
say to those who made them, that he would ad-
vise the President as to the course he should adopt
in regard to them. And, I repeat, he did so, not
because it would have been in itself such an ex-
traordinary proceeding on his part, under all the
circumstances, but, because he foresaw, as [ have
before stated, that it might.expose his character
and conduct in making such an arrangement to
the base and foul aspersions, to the false and
scandalous imputations, as I believe them to be,
which have been cast on the motives and objects
of the present Secretary of State in regard to this
matter.
(Here the Chairman's hammer fell.] j
Mr, HOLMES said, he did not remember ever j
to have seen, in the course of his short political j
existence here, a more pitiable spectacle than that
now presented by this American Congress. It
almost appeared as if Congress had now nothing
more to do than to violate a contract, and to sub-
serve the interest of speculators. This discussion j
could not, he thought, be made to bear any other !
complexion than that. Congress was about to j
perform a solemn duty, which it was culled on to |
perform by the obligations of a treaty*—that of
appropriating the money to pay the Mexican in-
demnity—and after that, the payment of the
money was, under the Constitution, a duty left to
the Executive branch of the Government. And
yet action was at the moment suspended because
a gentleman had made an offer that he would
undertake the payment at three and a half per
cent, discount. He believed that Mr. Marks's
i letter itself showed that the whole matter was ift-
: volved in corruption from beginning to the end.
The bulk of the indemnity was to be paid, ac-
cording to this proposition, in this country, but
#70,000 of it are to be paid in Mexico. Cui bono?
and any one doubt that this $70,000 was to go
into the hands of Mr. Marks? And yet this .was
a matter on which Congress was wasting its
time.
The question was then taken on Mr. Hous-
ton's amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS moved to amend the original
bill by adding thereto the words "fcnd that any
and all arrangements for the payment of this in-
demnity, be and are hereby declared subject to
the conditions of this, act.".
Mr. B. said that his object in offering this
amendment was to show that in the discussion
upon this subject which took place fast session in
ihis and in the other brauch of Congress 
Mr. JONES rose to a question of order. The
amendment now pending was the amendment of-
fered by the gentleman from New York, and he
had made a speeoh on it. He could modify this
1 amendment, but he could not move to amend his
own amendment, and make another speech on it.
j The CHAIRMAN stated that the proposal of
I the gentleman from New York was to amend the
! original bill.
Mr. BROOKS said that he had a right to amend
the original bill. '
The CHAIRMAN said the gentleman had one
amendment to the original bill already pending.
Mr. BROOKS asked if he had not then a right
to move an addition to his own amendment?
The CHAIRMAN said that such had not been
the practice of the committee.
Mr. BROOKS wished to know if he understood
the Chair to decide that he had not a right to per-
fect the original bill before the vote was taken on
i the amendment ?
i The CHAIRMAN said that the gentleman from
j New York had one amendment already pending,
i but it was not a proposition to strikeout the whole
bill. When that amendment was disposed of, an
amendment to the original bill would be in ordef.
Mr. HOWARD ottered the following amend-
! ment to the amendment of Mr. Brooks:
" Provided, That the contractor shall give security for the
faithful performance of the contract, by an hypothecation
of the stocks of the United States."
Mr. H. said that it appeared to him that if this
contract were let out to the highest bidder, Con-
gress was called upon to take some efficient meas-
1 ures to attain the most ample security that the
contract should be performed according to its terms.
It had already been stated, that the present con-
tractors had given ample security in the national
stook, for the performance of their contract. It
was important that the payment should be
made in conformity, precisely, with the terms of
the treaty, because it was a stipulation regulated
by treaty, and could not be violated except in
the same form in which it had been made—that
was by act of the treaty-making power. Treaties
were made with Mexico by the action of both
branches of their Congress, to which the Congress
of the United States should agree. It was im-
portant that the treaty should be kept inviolate,
inasmuch, as the Government of Mexico was ex-
ceedingly unstable. Revolutions were frequent,
and if the payment was not to be made exactly in
accordance with the terms of the treaty, demands
might possibly be made for repayment.
[Here the Chairman's hammer fell, the hour
having arrived to take a recess until six o'clock.]
PETITIONS, fcc.
The following petitions, memorials, lie., were presented
under the rule, and referred to appropriate committees:
i By Mr. RISLEY: The petition of ^1. Calhoun and other
eittaens of Cattnrauzus county. New York, praying Con-
gress to increase the" compensation of deputy marshals for
.taking census.
By Mr. JULIAN: The petition of 80 citizens of Henry
county, Indiana, praying Congress to take measures for the
settlement M' international difficulties by arbitration, or a
Congress of Nations.
By Mr. SCHERMERHORN: The memorial of P. B.
Iloldridge, one of the assistant marshals of the county of
Monroe, in the northern district of New York, asking for
additional compensation for taking tha seventh censns.
By Mr. CROWELL : The petition of B. F. Curtis and
others, citizens of Trumbull county, Ohio, praying Con-
fess to repeal the fugitive slave law of the If st session of
Congress.
By Mr. GIDDINGS: The petitions for the repeal of the
ftigitive slave law of P. F. Stevens and 150 other citizens
of Madison county. New York; of John Gruston and 79
other citisens of Adams county, Ohio ; of Sarah Crabbs
and 63 other ladies of Adams county, Ohio.
EVENING SESSION.
The committee resumed its session, (Mr. Boyd
in the chair,) the Mexican indemnity Bill being
still under consideration. _
, The chairman stated that the question immedi-
ately pending was the amendment proposed by the
gentleman from Texas [Mr. Howaud] to the
amendment of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Brooks,] as follows:
" Provided, That the contractor shall give security for the
TMthful performance of the contract, by an hypothecation of
ate stocks of the United States."
Mr. HALL called for a division on the ques-
tion; and .
The question being put, it was ascertained that
there was no quorum.
Mr. DUER moved that the committee rise.
Mr. PHELPS desired to know whether a de-
cision had been made upon adopting Mr. How-
ard's amendment?
The CHAIRMAN said no decision had been
given.
The question was then tq.ken on the motion to
rise, ana decided in the affirmative:
The committee rose accordingly, Mid the Speak-
t erj having resumed the chair, the Chairman re-
| ported progress.
Mr, PHELPS moved that there be a call of the
I House; which was agreed to.
f The roll was thereupon called, when 110 mem- '
, bers answered to their names.
On motion by Mr. BAYLY, all further pro-
ceedings in the call were suspended.
JUDGE IRVINE.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, asked the
1 unanimous consent of the House to enable him to
: make a report from the Committee on the Judicih-
j ry, in relation to an investigation'^ the official
I conduct of the Hon. Thomas Irvine, district judge
! of the United States for the western district of
j Pennsylvania. He moved that the report be
i read.
j The report is as follows:
1 " The Committee on the Judiciary, to Whom Was referred
I the memorial of the members of the bar of Pittsburg, In
J Pennsylvania, praying for an investigation of the official
i conduct of the Honorable Thomas Irvine, judge of the dis-
trict court of the United States for the western district of
said State, accompanied by charges signed and prepared by
Lewis Dunlop, Esq., would respectfully represent to the
House of Representatives:
" That the charges accompanying said memorial are nu-
merous, and of a grave nature, and such as, if time would
permit, to demand a full, careful and patient investigation;
that a list of witnesses has also heen furnished, resident
mostly in the western part of Pennsylvania, and indicated
as necessary to the maintenance of the charges made;
that the said memorial and charges were presented to the
House of Representatives on the 13th instant, and came
before your committee on the 14tli. _ Your committee, un-
der these circumstances, are of opinion, that there is not
time at ttoe present session of Congress to make th e inves-
tigation prayed for; that the witnesses could not be sum-
moned and called here before the adjournment of Congress,
or the party charged be notified of the allegations against
hifri, so as to prepare for his defence, there remaining but
eighteen days in all. and fifteen legislative days of the ses-
sion, at the lime said memorial came to the notice of your
committee. For these reasons, the committee ask to be
discharged from the further consideration of the subject."
Mr. BAYLY objected. He moved that tlie
rules of the House be suspended, and the House
resolve itself , into Committee of the Whole on the
