*04
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 26.
fiscal year cannot be reduced to meet such a con-
tingency. The cost of transporting a recruit
from the depdt to his station, was, before the
war with Mexico, from a few dollars to $20.
Now it varies from a few dollars to upwards of
$100, vii: To Oregon, $115;California $100; New
Mexico $50; Texas $15 to $35. About threethou-
sand recruits will be required, by the Adjutant
General's report, to be transported for the various
depots during the present year. This is another
increased expense which must be incurred. The
cost of a soldier's ration on the Atlantic is about
twelve and a half cents; in Texas nineteen cents;
in New Mexico forty-two cents. Thesedetails are
submitted, to show the character of the service
which the Quartermaster's Department is called
upon to perform; the vast extent of wild and
uncultivated country which must be traversed by
the trains of supply, and the unavoidable necessity
which demands that the service shall be faithfully
performed.
It remains only to state to the committee the
consequences which cannot fail to flow from a re-
fusal on its part to furnish the supplies for the
support of the Army which are founded on the
estimates of the War Department. We must
maintain the Army in its greatest efficiency; and
in order to do so, all the supples which are required
for its support, its health, its transportation, and
the vigilant and efficient discharge of the trust re-
posed in it, must be furnished. If crippled in
these respects by a narrow economy, Texas
■ will eventually, demand that her people and settle-
ments shall be protected by her own volunteers.
New Mexico will make the same urgent requisi-
tions. Mexico will demand indemnity for the
imperfect fulfillment of our treaty obligations.
And as a necessary consequence of the President's
duty to execute the laws, and to take care that the
stipulations of our treaties shall be carried out and
faithfully executed, he must direct that the requi-
site expenses shall be incurred to maintain and
keep the Army on the frontiers; and hence a bill
of aeficiency must be presented to the next Con-
gress to cover the reductions which are now pro-
posed by the Committee of Ways and Means in
the bill under discussion. We have yet another
mode of relieving ourselves from the obligations
of our treaty with Mexico, which was well con- j
aidered and wisely stipulated on her part, and that '
is, to redeem them by a money payment, and 1
thus relieve ourselves from the heavy responsibili-
ties which must long continue to be an annual !
charge on the Treasury of the United States. In I
short, we must be prepared to provide for defi-
ciencies to pay indemnities to Mexico, or to ex-
tinguish our obligations to defend her frontiers by
a payment in money, or to adopt and vote for the
estimates of the War Department.
(The postage bill, which had been returned from
the Senate with amendments, was, on the motion
of Mr. Bayly, taken up and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.]
Mr. LEVIN said: Mr. Chairman, I shall op-
pose the amendment just offered by the gentleman
from Ohio, to strike out the amount required for
the recruiting service. Our country stands in the
circumstances of a crisis, vast, rapid, and deci-
sive. It may be necessary for us to increase the
force of the Army, not because we have anything
to dread from foreign foes, but because we have
everything to fear from internal enemies. Sir, it
may be necessary to increase the Army for the
purpose of enforcing the laws of the land; and i
when the question shell be taken I expect to see 1
the disunionists—the abolitionists of the North,
and the fanatics of the South—arrayed on one side,
the friends of law and order on the other. Look
at the spirit that has manifested itself in this House
within the last few hours. Who doubts that it
springs from the malignity of a disappointed fac-
tion that seeks the overthrow of the Constitution
and the disruption of this Union ?
Those who are accustomed to defame the mem-
ory of George Washington—those who are accus-
tomed to defame the American Constitution and
the American Union—may well be pardoned for
defaming and seeking to destroy its noblest cham-
pion and its ablest advocate.
If others had not risen to defend Mr. Webster
against this cowardly attack, urged with such ven-
om, bitterness, and injustice, such mystery, equiv-
ocation, adroit finesse, and cunning reserve—with
so little regard for decency, so total an absence of;
patriotism—I, too, would have remained silent;
for calumny, take what form or shape it may, not
only furnishes its own antidote, but, like empty
sounds among barren hills, receives its best answer
from its own dying echo.
But, sir, in these days of hot party strife, this
slander may not lack extraneous influence and
support, in that uncharitable spirit which is ever
ready topronounceasummary verdictofconviction,
upon no other foundation than the mere fact of a
charge having been alleged. A confident air and an
unbridled tongue are all that are necessary now-
adays to constitute an accuser, and he is instantly
transformed into the witness—the judge—though he
is not likely, on this occasion, to become the exe-
cutioner.
Sir, before a man sets himself up as a public
accuser, he ought to feel that he himself possesses
all those qualities calculated to give a certain high
value to individual character. I am almost inclined
to concede thus much to him, for bright indeed
must be that character which overshadows, and dims,
and darkens every other!
Sir, something better was to have been expected
from the Abolition clique, that boasts its exclusive
devotion to the cause of humanity. But it seems
faction is too rampant to feel even the restraint of
the most sacred and hallowed feelings of the
citizen. Is its voracity so ferocious and wild,
that its savage efforts can stifle the noblest impuls-
es of the American heart ? Must freedom always
lament that the most fatal wounds inflicted on her
bosom, come from the hands of her own sons?
Must foreign countries always point to America, for
the most zealous dtfamers qf her won children ?
It is not as a Native, but as an American, that
I rise to vindicate national character—which is
formed out of the heroes and statesmen of the
country—and which is, the property of the peo-
ple. Every man in the public service, renowned
for his valor, celebrated for his intellect, or distin-
guished for his patriotism, belongs to his country.
She will - reward him—she will defend him.
Though poor in purse, she will honor his genius,
applaud his devotion, and celebrate his virtues.
But the statesman, whose career from the cradle
of his glory, to the summit and maturity of his
renown, has been one unvaried blaze of light,
one uniform display of genius, and one consistent
succession of noble and patriotic deeds, may at
least hope, that when envy or malignity has
tracked his fame with its slime, national grati-
tude will remember his past public services, and
vindicate him against a charge which, even if true,
and fairly presented, flings not a shadow upon his
glorious pathway. The name of Webster, like
polished steel, throws off from its bright surface
the opprobrious breath that seeks to stain it.
Clouds may surround the sun, but was it ever
darkened by a shadow? When General Wash-
ington was charged by Conway, of infidelity to
the cause of independence, who believed it? The
bolt, shot by an iftfatuated rival, fell scathless at
his feet! Why? Because public services had
fenced him round about by an adamantine mail;—
because deeds, always superior to words, had en-
trenched him, with an impregnable character, from
which recoiled all the shafts of malice, and all the
thunderbolts of hate. Calumny, to be successful,
must have some flaw in character, on which to
hang its venom. From a bright surface, it passes
like the vapor, fading into air before the beams of
the rising sun.
I stand not here to apologize for Mr. Webster.
He wants no apologist. I am not his champion.
He needs none. I am not here to offer flattery,
for he would despise it. I am here, in the ma-
jesty of an American freeman, to vindicate national
character against wanton and unjust aspersion.
Sir, on the subject of this charge, Mr. Webster
courts inquiry—he seeks investigation; and it is
for this House to decide whether they consider
the charge worthy of scrutiny. And what is it ?
If the eharge be true, to what does it amount ?
That a number of his personal friends, aware of
the sacrifices he has made, in devoting his life to
the service of his country—that to a great extent
he had abandoned his professional pursuits, which
have always been highly profitable—that they, in
a spirit alike honorable to him and to themselves,
haa stepped forward to relieve him from his em-
barrassments, and make him, indeed, an inde-
pendent Secretary of State, and thus enable him
to devote the all mighty energies of hist own
mighty mind to the exclusive service of the coun-
try ! What but a heart black as night would
infer corruption from this ? Whe'ice the policy of
the British Government in giving .£10,000 annu-
ally to her judges, but to place them above the reach
of corruption—that they might preserve their ermine
pure? A fund of $50,000 has been raised, it is
said, for Mr. Webster, and corruption is inferred.
Now, sir, my opinion is, that if the gentlemen
who subscribed tins amount really expected or in-
tended to bring an undue influence to bear upon
him, they would have kept it as a reserved funde
they would have kept him ground down by pen-
ury and want; and when their object was to have
been accomplished, to have approached him with
their aid, and asked him for his influence. Had
they dared to do so, we all know that he would
have treated it with loathing and contempt, and
that they themselves would have shrunk back in
dismay. No! sir, if it has been done, it was as a
free offering to a nobis man, whose name shines
as the morning star in the bright firmament of
American history.
I have reason to believe, nay I am authorized
to,say, that some of Mr. Webster's friends have
stepped forward to relieve him, not at his suggestion,
but influenced solely by the promptings of their
own noble hearts, and with a delicacy that has
induced them up to this very hour, to conceal from
Mr. Webster the names of the donors.
What motive, then, influences this accusation?
Prom the earliest recorded crime, when Cain mad-
dened by envy, slew the meek and innocent Abel,
down to the last case that stains our criminal dock-
et, some motive must be found to stir the heart
of him who does the guilty deed. What motive,
what feeling, influences his accusers ? I will tell
you, sir. He could not be induced to apply the
blazing torch to consume the dwellings of our
brethren of the South, buton the contrary, lighted
the beacon to warn the country of its danger, "ite
would not unite with a faction that stands ready
to destroy every noble association—every pure
and generous feeling—a faction that would heap
the ridicule of earth, and the blasphemy of hell,
upon the prophecies of our patriots, and yet dare
to do it in the name of philanthropy and of lib-
erty ! Let them no longer desecrate these sacred
names—let them no longer act in the name of lib-
erty; for in the deluge of blood which they seek
to produce, there would be no Aararat for the ark
of liberty to rest upon!
Sir, what an immense moral waste separates the
man of true benevolence and philanthropy from
the political charlatan, who would fire the dwell-
ings of those he feigns to pity, but pants to plunder.
What cares he for the groans, the tears, the agony
of homes made desolate—of fields made barren—
of hearts made hopeless? How can humanity
hold in her grasp the thousand weapons of abhor-
rence, scorn and detestation, without overwhelming
such a viper by the thunders of her denunciation ?
This House has heard the accusation devised
in a diabolical spirit, and executed with an iron
will—the heart unrelenting, and the determination
of purpose, fell, savage, and inflexible. But, sir,
the accuser strikes in the dark, and falls by the
force of his own blow.
The vote on yesterday shows the estimation in
which Mr. Webster is held by the Representatives
of the American people. His brilliant qualities of
head and heart, recommend him to popular esteem
and admiration. Sir, even his party foes pay in-
voluntary homage to that exalted character, which
is the best guarantee of an honest patriot in public
life. How could it be otherwise?—with that life
spent in the service of his country, for almost half
a century, without leaving on its bright surface
blot, blemish, or stain! And not only leaving no.
blemish, but adding daily to its unaimmed lus-
tre fresh glory, till the greatness of the good man
extorts the voluntary homage of a great nation.
Who is there in this House to echo the wanton
slanders of factious disappointment, or ungener-
ous hate ? The very nature of the charge annuls
it, as it falls from the blackened lips of infuriate
and inflamed faction, , ,
Let not his accusers forget that they once idol-
ized him for the virtues that still adorn, and t e
genius that yet sheds its halo of renown on his
name. Imperishable as truth, which his traducers
ought to worship, is that renown. In vain
now assail a man they once ndmired for 1ua^ 1
I that never perish when once in bloom. M.
