706
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 26,
« Deep charged, ami i  atmat at Juok or plover,
Barn «id«> tat kukt Uu oum«r «nr.''
Sir, do I not *t<u)d aa independent in thin Hall
as the President in the White House?—as far
above his reach as he is above mine?—-with the
same right to aim a proclamation at him that he
has to mm one at me? Every man who has ex-
amined the first principles of our Government must
be conscious that it is based upon this perfect in-
dependence which the members of thia body hold,
and the perfect official equality which exists be-
tween the members of its various departments. I
hold, and possess the same power to hold, the
President amenable for his opinions, or acts, tliat
he has to aiat his proclamations at me.
But the Senator says, " It sinu at putting down
mil thote ickoievuld put dotenthi* Une." Sir, I hold
my commission here from one hundred thousand
intelligent, independent freemen. I came not here
by the President's appointment, nor by therecoin-
mendation of the Senator from Kentucky. I hold
my seat at the will of the people of my district. I
am merely their agent, to maintain their interests
and protect their rights. They have plaeed me in
public life—they, mud they alone, c«n jnit mt dmen.
Neither they normyseif are accustomed to language
of this character. It smacks too much of the
plantation. It strikes harshly on the ears of
freedom, yet it may be very proper when addressed
to slaves; but it is unsuited to a northern latitude.
I would put down this law by every constitu-
tional means. 1 would' hold it up to the public
gaze in all its revolting turpitude. I would point
every Christian and every philanthropist to its
barbarous character.
Mr. McKISSOCK, (in his seat.) Would you
put down the Constitution also ?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I cherish and man tain the
Constitution, and will vindicate it against this law,
kert and tlseiohcrt, by the wayside and by the fire-
side, in public and in private. Any man who
sustains this law, putt doum the Constitution. Its
enactment was treason to our constitutional com-
pact. It strikes at the rights of the people. It
attempts to constrain them to violate their moral
duties, their solemn obligations to their fellow-
man, against the dictates of their own judgment,
and their duties to the laws of their States.
The Constitution has placed under the control
of the Federal Executive, the marshals, deputy
marshals, and Federal officers. These he can
command. They are subject to our control. We
can also authorize the appointment of a constabu-
lary force, and place it under the President's di-
rection if we deem it necessary. We can author-
ize him to employ the Army, the Navy, and the
militia when  * actual strviee. But, sir, neither
Congress nor the President can comnyind the offi-
cers or the citizens of any State, unless while
serving as militia. He has no more power over
than wan he has over the people or officers of
Canada. They may, and always will aid in the
execution of all constitutional and just laws. But
the act is voluntary. The President cannot com-
mand their assistance.
Nov, the people of Boston did not see fit to in-
terfere between the Administration and the " ne-
groes" of that city. In the name of humanity I
thank them for it, and assure them and the country
that those whom I represent never will interfere
in such case. The citizen that would do so, would
be driven from decent society in northern Ohio.
It is here on this noint that I take issue with the
supporters of this law. That portion which com-
mands me to assist in catching slaves is a flagrant
usurpation of power, unauthorized by the Consti-
tution. My constituents hold that portion of the
law in detestation. They spurn and abhor it. I
say, as I have often said, " My constituents will
not help you catch your slaves. They will feed
the hungry, clothe the naked, and direct the wan-
derer on his way, and use every peaceful means
to assist him to regain his God-given rights. If
you pursue your slave there, they will let you
catch him if you can. If he defends himself against
you, they will rejoice. If you press him so hard
that he is constrained actually to slay you in self
defence, why, sir, they will look on and submit
with all proper resignation. In such cases they will
carry out their peace principles by abstaining from
all interference. The President may "aim his
proclamation at them." The distinguished Senator
wiay make speeches at them; but they will not be
iKely to heed either. They look neither to the
Senate nor to the White House for instruction
respecting their constitutional rights or duties.
They have studied them in a different school.
But, while referring to the Senator's speech, I
cannot pass over his allusion to a distinguished
member of the British Parliament; an orator and
philanthropist, whose labors in the cause of hu- '
inanity in Europe, in India, and in America, are
known to every intelligent render of our public
journals. I quote the Senator's words:
" Sir, look at the manner in which ft foreign hireling Iiim
been introduced into this country ill order tn propagate hi*
opiuious and doctriues with regard to the subversion of one
of the institutions of thin country. I allude to a man who
in said to be a member of the British Parliament, by the
name of Thompson. He has been received not in one
place only in Masrachiuett*, but in various places, and thu
police on one occasion assembled to protect turn when they
had not the heart to assemble around a court of justice to
maintain the laws of their country."
This is empty declamation. He attacks none
of Mr. Thompson's doctrines, nor does he attempt
to meet his arguments. I have read some of that
gentleman's speeches, and so fur as I have bccome
acquainted with his doetrines, I assure you, the
Senator will never take issue upon his facts, nor
attempt to overthrow his principles. But, sir,
this is the only mode in which the supporters of
this fugitive law meet us. When we state our ar-
guments, they will assail us with personalities and
declamation, in order to divert the public mind
from the questions in issue. Sir, look over the
whole debate in Congress for the year past, and
, you will find this system of evasion and personal
detraction almost uniformly adopted by the sup-
porters of that law. This new and improved sys-
, tem of tactics was carried out here during the de-
bate of yesterday and to-day, of which I will
speak hereafter.
i The object of the Senator's personal attack is a
most sincere and eloquent advocate of the rights
of humanity. He may have errors. I know not
tliat I agree with him on all points; but I do say
that if the Senator had pointed us to any erroneous
doctrine of Mr. Thompson, instead of this per-
sonal abuse, he would have entitled himself to
' greater respect.
Sir, I object to this undignified treatment of a
distinguished member of a foreign Government by
, an American Senator. It does no honor to the
I body in which that speech was made. But the
Senator scolds the people of Massachusetts for
1 assembling to hear Mr. Thompson, when they
! would not aid in catching slaves. Who author-
ized the Senator to read political or moral lectures
to the people of Massachusetts? Was he not
told a year since that they would not catch slaves?
He then insisted that they would. He now finds
that his prophecy was fallacious, and he evinces
his vexation at the disappointment, by lecturing
the people of the Old Bay State whom they shall
hear, and to whom they shall not listen.
Why, sir, the Senator goes far beyond the old
" alien and sedition laws." Have not the people
a right to hear whom they please? May not even
" error of opinion be tolerated while truth is left
free to combat it?" This fear of trusting the peo-
f>le to discuss any truth, moral, political, or re-
igious, is opposed to the intelligence of the age,
, the whole theory of our government! This is lit-
erally a government of the people. They are our
1 sovereign), we their servants. Shall the servant
dictate to his master what he shall discuss ? What
code of political faith he shall adopt? This dis-
trust of the intelligence of the people, of their
ability for self-government, constiutes "political
infidelity." No man who maintains it, can hold
fellowship with the political church to which I be-
long.
I now return to the subject which calle4 forth
the speech of the gentleman who has just taken
his seat, [Mr. Levin.]
As I<have already stated, our Free-Soil friends
have been denied any opportunity to test the-sense
of this House upon a bill to repeal the fugitive
law. No opportunity has been afforded them to
speak a single hour on that subject since the 9th
of December, without violating all rules of pro-
priety, thereby incurring the displeasure of our j
fellow-members.
Last evening, in the course of legitimate remark, j
Upon a subject before the House, my friend from j
Massachusetts [Mr. Allen] opposed the placing |
of a vast amount of the public treasure at the dis- j
pa sal of the present Secretary of State. He clearly j
and explicitly stated his reasons: in calm and
unimpussioned language declared the convictions
resting upon his own mind. The facts which he
stated had previously reached the ears of several
members of this body. They came to us from
respectable sources. Of their existence I enter-
tained no doubt. The gentleman [Mr. Allen] was
full and explicit in his statements. No onedoubted
his convictions of the perfect accuracy of what he
stated. The substance consists in the charge, that
prior to entering upon his official duties, the pres-
ent Secretary of State informed his friends in Bos-
ton that he must have a pecuniary consideration
to induce him to take office; that merchants of
New York raised for him $25,000, and those of
Boston $19,000, being more than twice the amount
to which he will be entitled for his services from
thepublic Treasury, if he serves three years.
To this charge thegentleman's colleague replied.
I expected to hear him ask the House to suspend
its opinion until the Secretary of State could be
consulted; or that he would promptly ask an in-
vestigation of the subject on behalf of that high
functioiftiry. But he did neither. Following out
that general system of tactics to which I nave
already referred, he commenced a personal assault
upon his colleague for presuming to call public at-
tention to the subject. Both gentlemen were heard
again this morning. The particular friend of the
i Secretary [Mr. Ashmuv] came up to the point and
■ denied the statements of his colleague, and pro-
nounced them unfounded in the aggregate and in
detail. For this he declared that he had authority
which is understood to have been furnished in
writing by the Secretary himself. On the other
hand the gentleman from the Worcester district,
Massachusetts, [Mr. Allen,] avowed himself
ready and able to prove his statements, if the
, House would appoint a committee for that pur-
[' pose.
i1 To me it seemed that but one course remained
either for the friends or for the opponents of the
Secretary of State. That was to appoint a com-
u mittee and ascertain the/acts. Yet the gentleman
who has particular charge of the Secretary's rep-
utation [Mr. Asiimcn] expressed no desire what-
ever to demonstrate the Srcretary's innocence by
proof. On the contrary, he appeared anxious to
! assail his colleague [Mr. Allen] with gross per-
, sonalities.
| Now, sir, far be it from me to defend the gentle-
man from the Worcester district, [Mr* Allen.]
In the first place, his character needs no defence;
and in the second place, he is abundantly able to
take care of his own reputation, if permitted to
speak for himself. But there are cormorants in
this body, greedy for executive favors, who, with
the rapacity of the vulture, pounce upon every
member who has the independence to think his
own thoughts or speak his own words. This
whole flock of unclean birds have been hovering
around my friend, [Mr. Allen,] striking at him
with their talons; and each, endeavoring to propi-
tiate Executive favor by exhibiting their hostility
towards a man who dares stand up here and
maintain the truth. Every candidate for a foreign
mission, or a "charge d'affaires," or consul,
, thinks to secure his object by assailing my friend,
j [Mr. Allen.]
Mr. LEVIN. Those offices do not spring from
1 the people, and I expect no other than those which
the people confer.
j Mr. GrIDDINGS. All offices spring from the
Eeople, and I am sure the gentleman will take any
e can get.
No sooner had the gentleman from the Spring-
' field district,Massachusetts, [Mr. Ashmun,] closed
his remarks than the reverend gentleman from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Milliard,] with sacerdotal dignity*
demanded a hearing. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Allen,] had made no allusion to
him, either directly, or indirectly; nor is it possi-
ble for me to comprehend how my friend [Mr. Al-
len] should have incurred the severe displeasure of
the clerical gentleman. Soon as the gentleman
rose, he commenced a high-wrought eulogy of the
Secretary of State. He was ignorant of the facts,
and had not the conscience to deny the statements
which so deeply implicated that functionary; but
he appeared anxious by the most fulsome lauda-
tion, to secure his favor. Instead of advising the
House to examine the matter and to wipe from
that officer all stain and reproach, lie appeared de-
sirous to cover all these suspected iniquities with
