1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
709
to be relieved from the requirements of suck con-
flicting: duty. He moved that it be referred to the I
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BERRIEN, Mr. President, what has been
the course of the Senate with respect to petitions
©f this character? They have, I believe, been laid
on the table.
The PRESIDENT. Most of the memorials
with respect to the fugitive slave bill have been
laid upon the table.
Mr. BERRIEN. Thea I Make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHASE presented a memorial signed by
Robert Thompson, stating that early in the year
1846 he devised a plan (involving many details)
tor reducing ballooning to many useful purposes
in reference to commerce, science, and pleasure,
and that within the period he has so far improved
upoa the old method of ballooning as to render that
heretofore hazardous and terrific enterprise both
aafe and certain for the purposes suggested. The
memorialist thinks his plans, which ne confided to
another person, may have been betrayed by that
person, and may be used to his disadvantage, and
asks that his plan may be subjected to the most
rigid scrutiny of the learned and scientific.
On motion by Mr. DAYTON, ordered that it
be laid on the table.
Mr. DAYTON presented the memorial of John
More White, son and heir of John White, a rev-
olutionary officer, asking a pension in considera-
tion of the services of his father; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, presented a peti-
tion from laborers employed in the State •Depart-
ment, asking to be placed on the same footing as
the laborers in the Land Office, and allowed $500
per annum in consideration of their being poor,
with large families to support, and the arduous-
nesaof their labors; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance. !
Mr. GWIN presented a petition signed by
Thomas J. Henley, the chairman, and other offi- ;
cera and members of a committee of relief of Sacra-
mento City, California, in which they state that
they were unable to procure sufficient funds for the
relief of distressed emigrants, and that Captain
William Waldo, now of California, stepped for-
ward and spent 623,000 of his own funds, and de-
voted his valuable time to laudable efforts for the
Assistance of emigrants. They think that he
should be reimbursed the amount that he has ex-
pended; and I think so too. I regret that the pe-
riod of the session is so late as to leave no hope
that anything can be done at the present session.
I move, however, that it be referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. G. also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Oregon, asking the establishment of a
marine hospital at Astoria; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. JONES presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Iowa in favor of granting a pension to
Silas Messenger, a citizen of that State; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion by Mr. STURGEON, it was ordered
that William Carroll have leave to withdraw his
petition and papers.
On motion by Mr. FELCH,it was ordered that
Michael Bowden and Abigail Edgerly have leave
to withdraw their petition and papers.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committeee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whieh was refeired the resolution of
the Legislature of Arkansas in relation to a grant
of land to Ezra Hill and others, reported a bill to
grant to Ezra Hill and others, who are a com-
pany chartered by the General Assembly of Ar-
kansas for the construction of a plank road, from
Camden, on the Washita, to Fulton, on the Red
river, the right of way through the public lands of
the United States; which was read and passed to
a second reading;.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whieh was referred House bill making
appropriations for the service of the Post Office
Department during the fiscal year ending the 30th
June, 1852, reported back the same with sundry
amendments.
THE SIR JOHN FRANKLIN EXPEDITION.
Mr. SEWARD submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Rt*oimd, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of authorizing the
Secretary of the Navy to dispatch a steam propeller, during
the approaching Summer, to assist the American vessels
now engaged in the search for Sir John Franklin aud his
companions in the Northern seas.
MEXICAN INDEMNITY.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution j
for consideration:
Resolved, That the President be requested to transmit to
the Senate, if compatible with the public interest, a copy
and translation of all correspondence on the subject of tiie
Mexican indemnity which may have taken place between
the Mexican Minister, M. de la Rosa, and the Department
of State, since the date of his message to the Senate of Ute
loth instant-
Mr HALE. Mr. President, I ask for the con-
sideration of that resolution at this time. In a
few words, 1 can state the reason why it is of-
fered. It will be recollected that the Senate some
time since adopted a resolution calling upon the
President of the United States for such corre-
spondence, and upon the 13th of February he sent
a reply, accompanied by a letter from the Secre-
tary of State, in which we were informed that the
President had no such communication. I am,
however, now informed—and I receive my in-
formation from a source upon which I can rely—
that the Mexican Minister has since that time ad-
dressed a communication to the President, and it
is that for which this resolution calls.
Objection was made, and therefore the resolu-
tion lies over under the rule.
BLACK HAWK WAR PENSION.
Mr. ATCHISON submitted the following reso- ,
lution which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions be instructed
to iitquire into the expediency of placing upon the pension
list the name of the widow of Felix St. Vrain, deceased,
wbo was killed in the Black Hawk war of 1832.
SENATOR FROM NEW MEXICO.
Mr. BADGER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read and passed to a second read-
ing:
Iletol&cd, That there be paid out qf the cotttiugent fond of
the Senate to Richard H. Weightman the sum of $3,000,
as a reimbursement ol expenses incurred by him, or in lieu
of mileage, caused by his journey from New Mexico to the
Beat of Government, in consequence of" his election by the
Legislature as a Senator, in anticipation of the admission
of that Territory as a State.
COMPENSATION OF A PAGE.
Mr. JONES submitted the following resolution
for consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee to Audit and Control the
Contingent Expenses of the Senate be instracled to inquire
into the propriety of allowing and paying to Frederick Gil-
bert, a page of the Senate, for his services during the short
session of the.Thirtietb Congress and the extra session of
the «B£ie, Ifee pay and compensation allowed to the other
pages of the Senate.
ABDUCTION OF A MEXICAN PEON.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Seward on the 17th instant, was considered and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
i quested, if not incompatible with the public interest, to
! communicate to the Senate any information he may have
received concerning tbe forcible abdugtion of spy citizen Of
the United States, or of any person living under their pro-
tection within the Territory of New Mexico, and of liis con- i
veyance to be reduced into peon servitude in the Republic
of Mexico.
MILITARY PRECEDENCE.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Mason on the 19th instant, was considered and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be diracsted to com-
municate to the Senate a copy of General Order No. 27,
dated 27th December, 1850, by which Brevet Colonel J.
I'lyinpton, lieutenant colonel of the 7tli infantry, was as-
, signed to duty according to his brevet rank, whilst stationed
at Jefferson barracks, and under which he was assigned to
the command at that post, and that he inform the Senate
whether, by virtue of said order, an officer then in com-
mand of the post at Jefferson barracks, of superior-rank in
the line of the army to Brevet Colonel Plyinpton, was su-
perseded ; and, if so, that he further inform the Senate un-
der what law said order was issued; or if under a rule or
! regulation of the Army, that he eomninmcate the same to
the Senate, together with all correspondence or other docu-
ments connected with said order.
RAILROAD ROUTES IN LOUISIANA.
I • The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
i j Downs on the 19th instant, was considered and
|| agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to trans-
mit to the Senate a copy of the report ef Mr. Slidell, civil
engineer on the railroad route surveyed by him in 1850 from
the Great Bend, on Red river, to Providence, on the Mis-
sissippi river, in Louisiana.
| EXTRA COMPENSATION.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Downs on the 24th instant, came up for consider-
ation:
Resolved, That there he paid, nnder the direetion of the
Committee to Audit and Control tbe Contingent Expenses of
the Senate, to the officers, etarks, messengers, pages, and
laborers in the employment of the Senate, and to the boys
employed in carrying the mail, the same amounts respect-
ively that were allowed them at the elate of the last short
session.
Amendments were offered by Mr. EWING,
Mr. BADGER, Mr. JONES, and Mr. MAN-
GUM; and,
On motion by Mr. WALKER, it was
Ordered, That the resolution, with the several proposed
amendments, be referred to the Committee to Audit and
Control tbe Contingent Expenses of the Senate.
CHARTS OF THE BAY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
The following resolution, reported by Mr. Ham*
lin, on the 19th instant, from the Committee on
Commerce, came up for consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be authorised
and directed to.purchase one thousand copies of the charts
of tbe Bay of San Francisco and adjacent waters, with the
sailing directions, by Commander C. Ringgold, of the United
States Navy, at a price not exceeding four dollars per set,
one half to be distributed equally amongst the Senators;
one fourth with the Secretary of tlioNavy tor the use of the
Navy; and the other fourth to be deposited with the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, to be by him disposed of as he shall
direct.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Mr. President,
is that recommended by a committee ?
The PRESIDENT. It is offered by the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. HAMLIN. The attention of the Com-
mittee on Commerce was drawn to that subject by
a resolution offered by the honorable Senator from
California, [Mr. Gwin,] and, at the request of that
Senator, Commander Ringgold came before the
committee. By that officer a careful and an accu-
rate examination and survey have been made of
the harbor of San Francisco, and his map contains
very valuable information in relation to that coast.
It will he a long time before our corps of engineers
could get there to survey it under^he authority of
the Government, and until they can do so this map
will be very useful to our commercial marine. The
committee deemed it important, and therefore they
recommended the adoption of this resolution.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. We are engaged
now in a preliminary survey or reconnoissance of
that whole coast. This claims to be an accurate
survey, as stated by the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Commerce, of the harbor which is best
known upon the Pacific coast. The direction of the
corps employed in surveying the coast has been
first to examine those places which are the least
known, and where vessels liave been lost. The
preliminary observations which are going on, and
the fixing of certain points upon which an accu-
rate survey is hereafter to be made, is part of a
general plan and policy of the Government. When
it is completed we shall have accurate maps.
" It is hardly to be supposed that any private sur-
vey will reach the accuracy which should belong
to a survey by officers of the Government, and 1
have always objected to the publication of private
Surveys, or their adoption oy the Government,
because it puts the stamp of the Government on
such a survey. We are to undergo the criticism
of the whole world on every map. It will be rec-
ollected, at least by some members of the Senate,
that I made the most strenuous efforts against the
publication of a map which was adopted by the
Senate, but which has been found grossly inaccu-
rate in every point to which attention has been
especially called.
1 do not pretend to judge of this, but I do claim
that when the Government is engaged in the sur-
vey of a particular section, with a view to the
publication of a map on the faith of the Govern- '
meat, it is improper for us to purchase and issue
with the endorsement of theGovernmenttheprivate
survey of any individual, however well known and
however entitled to credit he may be.. That is my
objection.
Mr. GWIN. I know that we are engaged on
the survey of the coast, and that when it is com-
pleted it will be such as the Senator from Missis-
sippi represents that it will be; but Ve cannot
