719
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 26,
ator from Kentucky does not, I think, understand
what is the main object of this proposition, when
he objects to receiving a soldier who may be sick
or wounded into the institution, and discharging
him again if he recovers his health, if he be under
fifty years of age. It is one of strict economy to
the institution itself. Instead of throwing some
soldier, who has a right to enter the asylum as a
member of it, upon the town, upon some city
hospital, or upon the charity of private individ-
uals, it is proposed to receive him into this insti-
tution, there keep him until he recovers his health,
and when he is able to support himself, when he
is able again to enlist into the Army, then dis-
charge him, for the asylum is no longer a charity
for him. If he is over fifty years of age, he can-
not be reenlisted in the Army, but claims the ben-
efit of the asylum as a member of it, and it is
open to him, as it should be, and as the soldiers
want it to be.
Both officers and soldiers, from year to year, for
a great many years back, have sought from Con-
gress, permission to do nothing more than found
tliis institution—to legalize it, so that it may stand
under the protection of the Government, but not
to be supported by it. They propose to support
it themselves, and the first section of this bill pre-
scribes the mode in which soldiers may become
members of this institution. That section is again
referred to in the bill as the section which de-
termines the fnode in which a soldier may become
a member of the institution. Other sections pro-
vide the means for supporting it, though never
asking for a dollar from the Treasury.
The Senator from Georgia [Mr. Dawson] said
t!iat it was a measure of economy. - It is, and
sTictly so. This is a mode by which you will
avoid extraordinary pensions, which sometimes
amount to forty dollars per month; and it is the
only mode by which you can do it. For when a
soldier comes here disabled to such an extent that
he cannot live upon the ordinary pension of eight
dollars per month, the sympathy of members will
always interpose, and they will give him an ex-
traordinary pension; and extraordinary pensions
will go on accumulating and increasing, from year
to year, and from Congress to Congress, until the'
ordinary pension Will be the exception, and the
extraordinary pension the rule. If this institution
be founded, it will at once arrest this practice; for
you can then say to the pensioner who comes here,
The army asylum will receive you on a surrender
of your pension of eight dollars per month, and
obligate themselves comfortably to support you;
and therefore you have no right to come here aud
ask for the special legislation of Congress to pro-
vide the means of your subsistence. It was this
point of view which was mainly urged in the re-
port that I made in support of this bill. I think
it is strictly a measure of economy, and it will
conduce to the comfort of those whom we have no
right to neglect—to the comfort of the soldier who
for twenty years has faithfully seeved his country;
for he ought to be received into this asylum, and
should find the door thrown wide open to him.
This institution is not to be supported by the
Treasury of the United States; though I, for one,
would say that the man who, for the small pit-
tance that we pay to our soldier, has served "his
Government faithfully for twenty years, should
always find a home in this institution, even if
founded and supported by the Treasury of the
United States.
Mr. SHIELDS. I can say hardly anything,
after the clear exposition of this bill given by the
Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis.] AH I
shall do will be to endeavor to satisfy my friend
from Kentucky, [Mr. Underwood,] believing as
I do that he will be the last man to oppose this if
he understood it as I do. Now, sir, 1 hold that
this measure is not only humane, but it is econom-
ical. It is humane, because it embraces three
classes of objects—the wounded, the disabled, and
the superannuated—those who have become such
in the Army of the United States. I presume the
Senator from Kentucky would not object to give
these men some kind of support—to give some
kind of support to the wounded, the disabled, and
the superannuated, who have become such in the
'service of the United States. Now, the object of
this bill is to provide a mode by which these classes
of persons can be supported and provided for,
without placing them upon the pension list. Our
pension list is becoming enormous. The honor- j
able Senator knows that. If such an asylum and
such a provision as this had been in operation
years ago, our pension list would not now be one
tenth the amount which it is at this moment.
This measure is to supersede the necessity of |
these large pensions, and to give those who are
entitled to a pension a home where they can live
cheaply, live simply, and be provided for in all
respects. And how is this to be done? Not by
the Government of the United States, for there is
no demand of that kind, but it is to be a self-sus-
taining project, sustained out of the pay of the
soldiers themselves who are to benefited by it. If
the project fails we can but abandon it, without
any loss to the United States. But I trust it will j
not fail; I trust that this provision will be allowed '
to be made for these men, and that we will thereby
get rid of a large portion of these immense pen-
sions that are now swelling our pension list to such
an enormous extent.
Mr. HUNTER. As this bill will probably
lead to a long debate, I move to lay it on the ta-
ble.
Several Senators. No, no; we can have the
question now. J
Mr. HUNTER. Very well. If the question !
can be taken now, I will withdraw my motion.
The question being then stated upon the pas- J
sage of the bill, the yeas and nays having been or- [
dered, the Secretary commenced to call the roll, '
and Mr. Atchison had answered to his name, I
when
Mr. UNDERWOOD rose and said: Mr. Pres-
ident, I wish to notice some remarks made by the
Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis. 1 i
The PRESIDENT. It is too late now, as a Sen- |
ator has answered to his name. 1
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I wished to make but a
few remarks; but, as it is too late for me to do so
now, I will not ask for the opportunity.
The question being then taken by yeas and
nays upon the passage of the bill, it was passed
—yeas 40, nays 5; as follow: •
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the bill making appropriations for the service of i
the Post Office Department, during the fiscal year
ending the thirtieth of June, 1852.
Mr. HUNTER, in behalf of the committee,
offered the following amendment, to be. added to
the bill:
" Far incidental expenses of post offices in California,
from the dates respectively of their establishment to the
30th June, 1851, ."§66,000, or so much thereof as may be ne-
cessary, in addition to the commissions allowed by law to
postmasters, to be expended at such offices, in such pro-
portions and under such regulations as the Postmaster Gen-
eral may direct, and to be accounted for as commissions."
Mr. HUNTER. Thatcontains an estimate from
the Department, and is made necessary from the
exigencies of the service in California.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER also reported the following
amendment, to be inserted as a closing section:
"dtndbe it further enacted, That the Postmaster General
shall bej and he is hereby, authorized to appoint letter-car- I
riers for the delivery of letters from any post office in Cali- 1
t'ornia or Oregon, and to allow the letter-carriers who may
be appointed at any such post ofti.ee to demand and receive
such sum, for all letters, newspapers, or other mailable
matter delivered by them, as may be recommended by the
postmaster for whose office such letter-carrier may be ap-
pointed, not exceeding five cepts for every letter,two cents
for every newspaper, and two cents for every ounce of other
mailable matter; and the Postmaster General shall be, and
he is hereby, authorized to empower the special agents of
the Post Office Department in California and Oregon to ap-
point such letter-carriers in their districts respectively, and
to fix the rates of their compensation within the limits
aforesaid, subject to and until the final action of the Post-
master General thereon. And such appointments may be
made, and rates of compensation modified from time to
time, as may be deemed expedient; and the rates of com-
pensation may be fixed and graduated in fespect to the dis-
tance of the place of delivery from the post office for which
such carriers are appointed; but the rate of compensation
of any such letter-carrier shall not be changed after his ap-
pointment except by the order of the Postmaster General;
and such letter-carriers shall be subject to the provisions of
the forty-first section of the act enutled ' An act to change
the wganizatisn of the Post Office Department, and to pro-
vide more effectually for the settlement of the accounts
thereof,* approved July 2,1838, exeept in cases otherwise
provided for in this act."
Mr. HUNTER. This is in pursuance of a
recommendation of the Department. It will take
nothing from the Treasury. It simply conforms
to the greater scale of prices requisite for the ser- i
vice in California. ;
The amendment was agreed to. i
Mr. RUSK. I have an amendment which I
wish to offer as an additional section:
And he it further enacted, That in all cases of fine,
penalty, forfeiture, or disability, or alleged liability, for any
sum or sums of money, by way of damages, or otherwise,
under any provision of law relating to the Post Office De-
partment, or the officers, operations, or business thereof
the Postmaster General shall be and he is hereby authorized
to prescribe such general rules and mode of proceeding as
, shall to liim appear expedient for the government of "the
Auditor of the Post Office Department, in ascertaining the
, facts in each ease in which it shall be certified to him by
such Auditor that the interests of the Department probably
require the exercise of the power conferred by this act; aud
upon the facts being ascertained as aforesaid, tlie said Aud-
itor shall have power, with the written consent of the Post-
master General, to mitigate or remit such fine, penalty, or
forfeiture, remove sucli disability, and to compromise, re-
lease, and discharge such claims, for such sum or suuis of
money, and damages, on sucli terms as the said Auditor
shall deem just and expedient; and that in all cases where
judgment shall have been obtained for a debt, or damages
due the Post Office Department, and it shall satisfactorily
appear, by the return of execution, or otherwise, that such
judgment, or so much thereof as remains unpaid, cannot
be collected by due process of law, the said Auditor shall
be and he is hereby authorized, with the written consent
I of tlie Postmaster General, to compromise such judgment,
and accept, in satisfaction thereof, less than the amount of
such judgment.
j Mr. RUSK. I have received a letter from the
Post Office Department showing the amount of
these unsettled claims, and I am satisfied that the
i amendment will be salutary. The aggregate
! amount of these claims is $546,499 89. The
amount of bad debts, as they are estimated, is
$163,000. The amount which may be collected is
#184,000. These amounts and charges are for va-
rious matters, and some of them have been lying
i over in judgment for years. The persons are un-
j able to pay, and in some cases, where suits have
I been instituted, bonds have been required and
heavy penalties.
| They will be able to save something out of these
claims, if the course is adopted 'with regard tp
them which is proposed by the amendment. The
Postmaster General has sent it to me with the re-
quest that I should offer it. I ask that the letter
' and accompanying paper be read.
j The letter was accordingly read, showing that
there were balances due from late postmasters and-
contractors, and suggesting that if Congress would
authorize the Post Office Department to liquidate
those claims, it was believed that many of the ob-
ligations could be collected. Accompanying the
letter was the amendment which it was urged
should be adopted.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. RUSK. I have anotjh er amendment, which
I propose to come in immediatelyafter the provis-
ion respecting special agents:
" That the Postmaster General is hereby authorized to
allow hereafter to the special agents of the Post Office De-
partment the same amount of salary as is allowed to the
principal clerks of the Post Office Department."
The defence of the mail, especially in the sparse-
ly-populated portions of the country, depends in
a great degree upon the services of these mail
agents. They are obliged to see that the laws are
carried into effect, and to detect robberies of the
mail. The salaries now, owing to the fact that
there was some excitement in relation to one of
them some years ago, are now only $1,000, and
they are required to travel and do more service
than any clerk: Their service is very important,
and requiring that a man of energy and efficiency
should be employed. The amendment proposes
to increase the salary to $1,600.
Mr. HUNTER. I believe that authority should
be given to the Postmaster General to increase
thesejsalaries, and 1 am very willing that the amend-
ment should be adopted if it does not increase the
amount of appropriation.
Mr. RUSK. There can be no additional appro-
priation.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the amendment may
be modified by adding a proviso that no more shall
be expended than we appropriate by the bill.
Mr. RUSK. I hope the Senator will not insist
on the proviso. The amendment will not increase
the appropriation.
The proviso applies only to the next year's ser-
vice while the Balary is permanent. The same
provision will have to be renewed at the next ses-
sion of Consp-ess. I hope it will be withdrawn.
Mr. HUNTER. We make these appropria-
tions annually. The estimate is made for this
year, and if more is required next year, it can be
appropriated notwithstanding this proviso.
Mr. RUSK. There are specific appropriations
