714
tfHE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 20,
more discussion. The re.-tson why I wish to go
into executive ssssion is, that certain nominations
have been heretofore discussed, and I have been
absent at the time they were discussed, and I now
have papers which ought to be introduced; and it
would be somewhat a matter of personal gratifica-
tion to me, if I could be allowed to acquit myself
entirely of my duty in relation to them.
Mr. FOOTE, Now that the honorable Senator
from South Carolina has manifested such intense
solicitude to perform these most delicate duties to
which he has referred with due fidelity, I am sure
that all will understand that his intentions are
sound; and if he should not succeed the whole re-
sponsibility would fall upon us, and no part of it
upon him. He says it would be a matter of per-
sonal gratification to him to sustain his motion,
and go into executive session. No one would be
more delighted than I to afford fiim that gratifica-
tion. But I understand that the Senator from
Maine has also said that it would be a personal
gratification to him if the Senate would act upon
nis motion favorably; and inasmuch as his was
the first application presented, as he has stated
some unanswerable reasons for taking up his bill,
and as his bill-will need, I think, but little discus-
sion, I shall with great pleasure support the mo-
tion to take up the bill.
Mr. GWIN. It is very evident that the bill of
the Senator from Maine will lead to a discussion
of considerable length. We have got notice from
the Senator from North Carolina [Mr. Badger]
that he intends to discuss it, and 1 have no doubt
he will do it at large. Besides, there are other
bills that are of indispensable importance, which
should be passed this session—bills connected
with my own State. I shall therefore rote against
the motion of the Senator from Maine, being per-
fectly certain that there is other and more pressing
business.
Mr. HAMLIN. I appeal to this Senate to say
if I have pressed upon its consideration any bill
with which I have been charged from the commit-
tee to which I belong, with any great degree of
pertinacity upon any occasion, and if California
h.is not had her due proportion of the time and
attention of this Senate, and, furthermore, if Ihave
not upon all occasions favored the bills pertaining
to that State.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, it is not Cali-
fornia, but it is theduty devolving upon the whole
8enate to give to California such officers as are ne-
cessary to maintain the obligations of 
Mr. POOTE. I do not intend to be uncivil, but
I must call the gentleman to order. I think it is
very improper to refer in that way to the business
to be performed with closed doers hereafter in ex-
ecutive session.
Mr. BUTLER. Well, I believe every one is
out of order but the honorable Senator, and that
he has almost an impunity from any call to order.
[Laughter.]
Mr. FOOTE. As the gentleman seems to take
iwue, 1 insist that my call to order shall be de-
cided.
Mr. BUTLER. Very well. If it becomes a
question, I desire to hare the question put.
Mr. FOOTE. The question is, whether it is
in order to refer to executive business in stating
the reasons for taking up any particular business,
and to specify the business to be acted upon in ex-
ecutive session.
Mr. BUTLER. I have rarely, sir, addressed
the Senate at any time but I have done it ink way
that is strictly within the province of propriety
and order. I nave said that there are nominations
in secret session, and that these nominations ought
to be acted upon. I have not indicated the indi-
viduals nominated, nor have I said anything that
would at all compromit me in any way as divul-
gingthesecrets of executive business. I have given
a very common reason—one which is often as-
signed here—for going into executive session.
Mr. FOOTE. I do not intend to intimate that
the gentleman had done anything in violation
f f our rules intentionally, or that he had done
anything indelicate; but 1 did conceive that it was
a little contrary to the rules which prevail here for
any Senator to refer to nominations in the specific
form in which certain nominations in California
were referred to, and I would like very much if
t* ^r™ou,<i decide the question of order.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will give his
decision.
Mr. BUTLER. But, Mr. President, I desire
to be heard.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator must suffer
the Chair first to decide. The Senator from Mis-
sissippi calls the Senator from South Carolina to
order for alluding to business of an executive
character, which is before the Senate. As to the
statement of the nominations, they are made with-
out any kind of hesitation, both out of doors and
in the Senate, to anybody who chooses to inquire;
and the only thing not proper to be divulged is the
action of the body on these cases—what is said
for and against the individuals whose nomination
is before tlic Senate, or any other transaction after
the nominations are under consideration There-
fore the Senator from South Carolina is in order.
Mr. FOOTE. I am more than satisfied.
Mr. GWIN. The allusion of the Senator from
Maine [Mr. Hamlin] to the fact that the business
connected with California has occupied a great
deal of time makes it proper for me to make a
single statement. Sir, if I have ever occupied any
portion of the time of the Senate more than was
indispensably necessary in order to get action upon
bills of the utmost importance in relation to the
organization of the government of California, then
I am not aware of the fact. If I or any other
member of the Senate have pressed measures con-
nected with California that were not of pressing
and indispensable importance, I am not aware of it.
Now, of the two bills I have alluded to, one
is to extend the land system, and to appoint a
surveyor general. It was reported by the chair-
man of the Committee on Public Lands, and is of
indispensable importance, and cannot be post-
poned. That is one that I wish to get up. The
other bill is the establishment of a Mint in Califor-
nia, which is of very great importance, and I de-
sire to have it acted on without debate, in order
that it may go to the House in time.
Now, I objected to the consideration of the bill
of the Senator from Maine, because we had notice
given us by the Senator from North Carolina,
that he intended to discuss it, and I knew it w.as
likely to lead to a great deal of debate.
Mr. BADGER. I acquit the Senator from
Maine, who is at the head of the Committee on
Commerce, of having been guilty of any undue
urgency in regard to the consideration of this bill.
I bear willing testimony that he has done nothing
but to endeavor faithfully to discharge the duty
imposed upon him by the committee from which
that bill comes. But I must say, nevertheless,
that 1 think it is a little unreasonable to expect
that that bill shall be taken up, considered, and
passed at this period of the session. It is a bill,
as the honorable Senator well knows, proposing
to make a total change in the rule of the liability
of carriers on the water, and to substitute for these
rules, which have prevailed ever since this Gov-
ernment had an existence, an. entirely new sys-
tem.
Now, I am not prepared to say that) upon a full
and thorough examination of the bill of the Commit-
tee on Commerce, it may not be right and.proper.
That it needs very considerable modification in
some particulars, I am satisfied. In the main it
may be right and proper, but there are great doubts
about it. It is an important alteration in an impor-
tant branch of the marine law. It is an alteration
that ought not to be made without full and grave
consideration and the most ample opportunity for
discussion, and without attributing any fault to'
anybody—for fault is not to be attributed in any
quarter that I kno w of—it is nevertheless certain that
we have now arrived ataperiod of the session when
it would be extremely unwise for Congress to un-
dertake to make alteration in the little time we
have left for its consideration. If this subject is
to be considered, however, I hope that it will be
considered to-morrow. I have a book or two, to
which I wish to refer for the purpose of showing
that in one aspect of the case there is no necessity
for this bill, ajid in another that some of the pro-
visions of it will operate mischievously. I hope,
therefore, at least, that we will not take it up to-
day.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I concur with
the Senator from Maine that this is a measure of
considerable importance, touching a very large in-
terest, and touching it somewhat vitally. My
friend from North Carolina says that it proposes
to change u system which has existed for a great
j! period of time. I wish only to say in reply to
b that, that it is by a recent decision, some two or
;i three years since, that the owners of ships have
comprehended their liabilities. It is by an inter-
pretation and construction given to them by courts
below that they now understand that if a ship
lying at the wharf in New York takes fire and
burns up without fault on the part of the owners,
they are liable as common carriers. This be-
comes a very serious question—one that affects
that interest very deeply; and therefore it is that
it is necessary that the law should be changed.
Now, I would be very much gratified if the ques-
tion could be decided this session; and if the Sen-
ator from Maine presses the consideration of this
measure, I, for one, will sustain him. Iam not
allowed, upon the question of taking up the bill,
to go into the merits of the law that is proposed
in the bill. I will only say, that it is the adoption
of a system which has been several years in oper-
ation in England, with certain alterations merely,
as I understand it, to adapt it to the affairs of this
country, and nothing more. It is simply placing
our mercantile marine upon the same footing as
that of Great Britain. We are carriers side by
side with that nation, in competition with theni,
and we cannot afford very well to give them any
great advantage over us without affecting our in-
terest very seriously.
Mr.PEARCE. Mr. President, I am decidedly
i in favor of the general object of the bill reported
by the Senator from Maine; but I think it must
be borne in mind that the discussion of that bill wiH
not be completed in the course of this day, and
I this hour, l think, had better be devoted to some
subjects that are incomplete. I have, for example,
a bill from the Committee on Finance—ageneral
appropriation bill for the support of the Govern-
ment—which it is desirable to have acted on at
once. I understand many years ago the prac-
j tice of the Senate, during the last week of* the
session, was to have a committee to classify busi-
> ness, and they always gave preference to the gen-
i eral appropriation bills, putting the other bills in
| the second or third class, according to their rela-
j tive importance. It would be a good thing, I
think, to revive that practice hereafter. In the
mean time, I shall vote against taking up the bill
of the Senator from Maine, with a view to take
up the appropriation bill.
Mr. CASS. I will detain the Senate but a mo-
ment. I was simply going to remark, that, as I
1 understand this matter, theliabilities of ship-owrv-
j< era in foreign countries have been reduced, while
those of our own ship-owners, if not actually in-
| creased, have been effectively so by the decision
i of the Supreme Court. Now, how are we to con-
tinue our commercial interest on a firm foundation
unless we put our ship-owners oa the same footing
with those of other countries? Is there a more
important matter than one like this, in which, the
interest of our whole commercial marine is at
■ stake?
Mr. HAMLIN. Perhaps I have been more
j familiar than any other with the views of ship-
, owners and importing merchants upon this ques-
tion. They have interests perhaps directly oppo-
| site each other, so far as the risks may be qon;
j cerned. But the Senator from Massachusetts has
;' well said that until recently our ship-owners have
j not understood the extent of their liabilities. In-
, j deed, there are many of them who do not under-
. ( stand them now. And at this time there is a great
! deed of feeling among that class of our eominu-
i nity who have discovered that they are under-
j writers for everybody for whom they may trarm-
! port goods. It is a question which the Senator
! from Michigan [Mr. Ca s] has well said affects
the commerce of the whole country.
Mr. MANGUM. Is there,any question pend-
: inL?
The PRESIDENT. The question is on post-
poning the prior orders to take up the bill adverted
to.
! Mr. MANGUM. I supposed there was a mo-
| tion to proceed to executive business.
the PRESIDENT. One motion is pending and
i must be disposed of before the other can be re-
i ceived.
Mr. MANGUM. I rise merely to remark that
I have seen appropriation bills pass this body, ap-
propriating millions of dollars, in less time than
has been consumed here in a contest for priority
