1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
*715
of business. 1 hope, if we mean to do anything,
we will rote upon the question at once.
Mr. BADGER. I was not aware, until the
statement was made by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, that ship-owners of the United States
were so little enlightened a body as not to have
known all along that no goods are laded on board
of a vessel which is lying at the wharf 
Mr. PEARCE. I "would ask if the gentleman's
remarks are in order ?
The PRESIDENT." The general provisions of
the bill certainly are not the subject of discussion,
but merely the propriety of taking it up.
Mr. BADGhR. In that point of view it is that
my remarks are intended to apply. It is urged,
as a reason why this bill should now be consid-
ered, that ship-owners of the United States have
been ignorant of the extent of their liabilities.
Now, I say 1 am very much surprised to hearthat
ship-owners have not known what has been famil-
iarly known to every member of the profession
and every common carrier in the country. But,
then, Mr. President, this bill which the Senator
proposes is not made to remedy that grievance
only—not at all. It is one which proposes to sub-
vert the whole system of liabilities of carriers upon
the water.
Mr. DICKINSON. I hope we shall have the
question taken, and the bill taken up besides.
The question on taking up the bill was carried—
ayes 23, noes 13.
Mr. HAMLIN. I now move to amend the bill
in the first section by inserting the words " or
neglect;" so that it will read, " unless such fire is
caused by the design or neglect of such owner or
owners.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. H.proposed further to amend the bill in the
third section by inserting the word "loss," in
connection with the words " damage or forfeiture;"
which was agreed to.
Mr. H. then proceeded to state the general pro-
visions of the bill as follows:
If I can secure the attention of the Senate for a
few moments, I will state briefly the provisions of
the various sections of this bill, and the reasons
which have operated upon the Committee on Com-
merce in its favor.
The first section of the bill provides for the pro-
tection of the owners of vessels against losses that
happen by fire. That is the English law. The
English law is unqualified, and does not hold the
owners of a ship or vessel liable for loss by fire in
any case. I nave added, however, an amend-
ment to this section, which still holds the owner
or owners of a vessel liable for losses by fire
which shall be occasioned by his or their neglect.
I understand the law as now adjudicated in this
country to go to this extent: If a vessel is lying
at the wharf and another is lying by its side,
and the one takes fire and communicates to the
other, the owner of the one to which the fire is
communicated, which may be loaded with a val-
uable cargo of goods, is, by the construction of
the law by our courts, held liable for the loss sus-
tained to the goods. Common prudence, ordinary
care, is not a protection under the existing laws
against the loss; the owner of the vessel ishotden,
notwithstanding he may exercise the greatest
watchfulness and care, for everything that is lost,
except it oceurs by the act of God. This provis-
ion does not go, then, to the extent of the English
law. It simply holds the ownerof the vessel harm-
less, provided the loss did not happen by his fault
or neglect. I think the English law is better. We
have insurance companies to which losses occurring
by fire properly attach; and if the owner ofa vessel,
who may have invested the full amount of his funds
in that vessel, has suffered the loss ofhis vessel, and
is therefore entirely unable to pay the owner of
the goods for the loss of them, he is altogether an
insufficient underwriter in the case; while, if it be
left to the appropriate insurance companies which
are incorporated by law, and have the means of
meeting all the losses that might occur to their
full extent, in point of feet the merchant would be
more secure by having a clean bill, and placing
the provision upon the English law. Still, as
Senators are disposed to hold these owners to the
exercise of ordinary care, I have inserted this
amendment in the first section, and not because I
believe it proper myself. Besides, our large
freight ships are now worth from $70,000 to
f90,000; and you may place all the penalties upon
j the owners of these vessels you please, and still
, the very instincts of the men who navigate them
upon the ocean wjuld lead them to the exercise of
1 greater care than all the penalties you may im-
pose by law. Men in that situation are wont to
be caret'ul when their lives are at hazard; and if
. they will not be careful then, they will not be
careful from the fear of any penal enactments that
you may make as applicable to the owners of ves-
sels. bull, while 1 believe there is no necessity
for that amendment, I have offered it for the pur-
pose of mitigating the opposition of the opponents
of the bill.
The second section of the bill provides that gold
dust, silver bullion, precious metals, coin, jewelry,
bills, &c., when laded on board of a vessel, shall
be accompanied with a description of the articles,
so that the shipmaster shall know what the mer-
chant freights. Asthelawnowstands,avery small
package may contain in value millions of dollars,
and may be shipped as ordinary merchandise,
paying only the ordinary freight. This section
simply proposes that men who thus freight these
valuaole articles shall give to the owner or master
, of the vessel a description of the articles thus
| shipped. • By giving that description, the owner
i ot° the vessel is holden; without such notice, he is
I not. Now, I submit to the Senate to say if there
I is not justice, reason, and propriety in saying that
i a description of these small parcels which are so
| valuable should be given to the owner, in order
: that he may know that when they are thus de-
scribed to him he is liable for them.
The third section of the bill provides that the
owner of any vessel shall be liable only to the full
. extent of ownership in the vessel.
The fourth section provides a remedy for the
parties who may sustain a loss where the value
of the vessel and her freight for the voyage shall
not be sufficient to pay the whole amount of the
loss.
These two sections are substantially the English
law. What is now the risk and liability of a ship-
owner? You send him abroad upon the ocean
with all that he is worth. He may be connected
with individuals with whom he has no knowledge,
and he is made liable by the acts of others for an
amount which not only puts hiiri to the risk of the
value of his vessel which is afloat, but of all his
own fortune. We have here, in this very Senate,
j ; time after time, changed the principle of the com-
mon law, and made it applicable to men who are
at home in their own vicinage, who can inspect
their own business, precisely to the extent that it
is proposed to make it applicable in this bill. It
is an encouragement to our navigating interest all
over the land. It is removing some of those lia-
bilities by which every man who is connected
with that interest, and is able to respond to the
damages that properly belong to him, will do so,
and continue m the business. But if they are to
be held liable to the extent of the law as it now is,
men of pecuniary ability who are able to respond
to damages will be driven out of it, and another
class of irresponsible men will take their places,
and thus make the commercial interests less pro-
• tected than they would be without the adoption of
this section.
, i The fifth section provides that where A charters
the vessel to B, he shall not be held liable for the
! debts of B. The principle may be illustrated in
{ this way: If I should loan a horse and carriage at
a livery stable, as the law now stands, the owner
; of that livery stable would not be liable for any
, | malfeasance I might do. But as the law now
j! stands in relation to the owners of vessels, the
owner is liable for the acts of the person who may
1 charter his vessel. His vessel is in hazard in any
, event. His fortune may be lost; <nnd after all
that, as the law now stands, you make him re-
sponsible for the debts and liabilities of the person
to whom he has chartered his vetttel. By parity
of reason you make the owner of die livery stable
liable for the injury I might occasion to an indi-
vidual when driving the horse which I have loaned
from him.
' The sixth section provides that—
1 " Nothing in the preceding sections shall be construed to
1 take away or affect the remedy to which any party may be
: entitled against the master, office™, or mariners, for or on
<: account of any embezzlement, injury, loss, or destruction
i of goods, wares, merchandise, or other property, put on
I board any ship, or vessel, or on aecount of any negligence,
!' fraud, or other malversation of such master, officers, or
1 mariners, respectively, nor shall anything herein contained
lessen or take away any responsibility to which /my master
or mariner of any ship or vessel may now by law be liable,
notwithstanding such master or mariner may be an owner
or part owner of the ship or vessel."
The seventh section provides that—
" Any person or persons shipping oil of vitriol, unslaekedf
lime, inflatninabli! matches, or gunpowder, in a ship or ves-
sel taking cargo lor divers parsons on frei'lit, without deliv-
ering at the time of shipment n note in writing, expressing
the nature and character of such merchandise, to tiie mas-
ter, mate, officer, or person in charge of the lading of the -
ship or vessel, shall forfeit to the United Stated $1,030."
I need not go into an investigation of that sec-
tion. By the law as it now stands, packages of
merchandise of these descriptions may be shippetf
and whole cargoes put in hazard. It only requires
that notice shall be given, so that the master of the
vessel shall know in what way or manner to stow
away that merchandise, so as to protect the vessel
against loss from fire, which might occur if that
information were not given.
These are the provisions of the bill. It is true
that the changes are most radical from the com-
mon law upon the subject; but they are rendered
necessary, first, from the fact that the English
common law system really never had an application
to this country,and, second, that the English Gov-
ernment has changed the law, which is a very
strong and established reason why we should
place our commercial marine upon an equal foot-
ing with hers. Why not give to those who navi-
gate the ocean as many inducements to do so as
England has done? Why not place them upon
that great theatre where we are to have the great
contest for the supremacy of the commerce of th®
world? That is what this bill seeks to do, and it
asks no more.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I do not know
that I would have deliberately opposed all the pro-
visions of this bill. Some of them, as far as I un-
derstand them, meet with my entire approbation.
But we are called upon now, at the end of the ses-
sion, to pass an act similar to that in force in an
island of ship-owners; for, of all the countries on
earth, I suppose Ghreat Britain has more interest
in relieving itself from liabilities upon the ocean
than any other; and I suppose that portion of the
United States represented oy the honorable chair-
man of the committee may be in the same situation;
But allow me to remark that with regard to this
liability, or the interest that is affected by this lia-
bility, there are other parties whose interests are
concerned besides mere ship-owners. Now, the
common law in regard to common carriers was a
wise one; and I venture to say that in Great Brit-
ain at this day you will not find Parliament ready
to abolish the liabilities of common carriers on
land. They have been willing, no doubt, to relax
the law, so far as the liabilities of ship-owners
were concerned, because they are an island of
ship-owners. On the contrary, those of us who
have to trust to the carriage of goods by ships
may have an adverse interest. I do not commit
myself upon this subject; but I will answer for one
thing—that the wisest principle of the common
law was that when a loss occurred by the act of
the common carrier, the onus should be thrown
upon tlie common carrier to exempt himself from
liability by showing that it was not an act of God
or of a common enemy. Now, the whole of thft
evidence must necessarily be with the captain and
the crew; and if he can exempt himself from lia-
bilities by showing that it was the act of God or
of a common rnemy, he has it in his power at all
times to show that it was not by his negligence
that the lire originated. You are going upon the
broad proposition that when there is a loss by fire
there shall be no liability. It is aprineiple which,
if adopted, strikes deeply into an interest that con-
cerns more persons than ship-owners. I do not
say that I may not be in favor of the law; but
when gentlemen urge it upon us with so much
confidence, and manifest so much confidence that
it will pass, I am disposed to pause, and consider
deliberately before I shall be willing to change a
great principle—one that is consecrated by time,
confirmed by experience, and sanctioned,! believe,
both by the English and American courts. I am
not going to embark recklessly into the adoption
of such an innovation before I have examined it.
And allow me to repeat that there are others whose
interests are involved in this change besides those
of the common carriers. Those who trust their
goods to ship-owners have great interests at stake,
and it is venturing a great deal tr- change the lia-
