716
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 26,
bility froqi that which the common law prescribes.
I would be in favor of relaxing the law in favor of
ship-owners, but I am not prepared "to do it in this
hasty, inconsiderate, and hurried manner; and if
the measure is urged, I shall feel bound to protract
this discussion at least to some extent.
Mr. FOOTE. I do not rise to occupy the atten-
tion of the Senate long.
Mr. BUTLER. But you have got up, and you
must occupy it.
Mr. FOOTE. The honorable Senator says I
have got up, and I must necessarily occupy the
attention of the Senate. It occurs to me that I
ought to make a remark concerning what the
honorable Senator said in our hearing iust now—
that he was opposed to any reckless and inconsid-
erate action. Now, sir, I certainly should not
have been in favor of considering this matter at all,
if I had not good reason to believe that it had been
well considered and thoroughly matured and scru-
tinized, in all its bearings, by the committee, and
by most of the members of this body. The hon-
orable Senator may not have looked into it, but it
may be that a large majority of the Senate have,
and have made up their minds upon it, and that
they will be competent to pass the measure with-
out the important aid of the Senator, which we
certainly would be very glad to have. I learn from
the chairman of the Committee on Commerce that
they have had it under deep consideration for a
long time; that they have taken the advice of com-
mercial men and men of eminence, and that all
have given their opinion in favor of this measure.
I understand that it has been slowly scrutinized and
deliberately considered in all its parts and all its
bearings, and that the committee nave been unani-
mous in favor of its adoption. Now, is there any j
ground for charging inconsiderate action and rash j
and hasty legislation in regard to this measure? ,
By no means. But I shall not go into the merits
of this matter, believing that they have already !
been gone into sufficiently, upon one side or the
other. Having examined it as deliberately, at
least, as my friend from South Carolina, I am pre-
pared to vote«ipon it; and I hope we shall take
the question upon the proposition very soon.
_ Mr. BUTLER. I want to ask the Senator a
single question—.whether he has ever read this bill
or not? [Laughter.] I know he will be candid.
Mr. FOOTE. I have no hesitation in. spying
that I have read every important bill in the Senate;
and I deem it my duty to do so as soon as they
are printed.
Mr. BUTLER. But have you read this?
Mr. FOOTE. Certainly.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. This bill comes from
the Committee on Commerce. That committee is
composed of highly talented and respectable Sen-
ators in this body; but I must be permitted to say
that there is a great deal that depends upon locality
in this world, and these gentlemen have been se-
lected—and rightly, too—in consequence of their
position being generally in the commercial States.
Their intercourse is with commercial men, and
their feelings and opinions are somewhat influ-
enced, I presume, from that intercourse and asso-
ciation. It so happens, Mr. President, that I live
in a central region of the country. No tide-water
washes the shores of the State I represent; and the
same may be said of three out of five of the States
of the West. But we have, notwithstanding,
some very important commercial points in the
West—some growing points that are destined, I
think, to become of more importance to the United |
States than many of the points on the seacoast. j
But, as I was about to remark, no tide-water
w«whes the shores of my State. The people of
Kentucky are an agricultural people mainly. We
cultivate tobacco, and we raise hogs. We raise a I
great many articles that enter into the commerce ;
of the world. But we are not the carriers of those '
articles. Now, sir, whom will this measure affect?
Will it reduce freights if we pass this bill? Will j
it make such a reduction, that my constituents I
will feel it upon the enhanced price of their pork, j
tobacco, and other articles which they send to |
market? Will Tennessee—will Alabama feel it in ]
the enhanced price of their cotton? Will freights j
come down in proportion as you relieve the ship- !
owners, or those that are interested in the naviga- ;
tl?5 °? t'le ocean' Have they not fixed their tariff
of freights heretofore, taking into view all the lia-
bilities which the law imposes upon them? And !
nave we not been paying to this most prosperous [J
interest, perhaps, in the country, in times past,
that indemnity which is sufficient to guard against
all those liabilities?
Now, sir, the first section of this bill seems to
strike directly at those agricultural interests which
I feel myself peculiarly representing. Now, I
should like before a bill is to be passed by which
a practice of sixty years' standing (a practice
which has obtained ever since the Government
went into operation) is to be changed—I should
like to be well informed as to how it is to affect the
great agricultural interests of the country, while
we are thus benefiting the mercantile interests.
Can it be shown that freights will come down ? It
seems to me that under the existing laws these
merchants have the power of indemnifying them-
selves against all risks by the insurance offices
which have been alluded to. If it requires insu-
rances to cover these losses, I venture to say that
they will be made up out of the freights charged
upon my constituents and the other producer's of
the country. If ship-owners have to pay, they
will indemnify themselves out of those who em-
ploy the vessels. If they do not, they are the most
benevolent and accommodating set of gentlemen
that can be found in the whole country—and I
believe that is not the peculiar characteristic of the
mercantile interests. They are generally thrifty
men, guarding against all liabilities, and the insu-
rance offices are provided for that very purpose.
Then the argument is that we cannot compete
with our great rival upon the ocean—with Great
Britain—and that we must pass the first section
of tliis bill in order to enable us to enter into com-
petition with her. Well, sir, it ought to be
shown—but that information has not yet been
given us, though it may be in the hands of the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce, [Mr.
Hamlin,] and he may be ready to give it to the
Senate—but it ought to be shown that if this bill
goes into operation it will so operate as to reduce
the freights and enable us to compete for the car-
! rying trade with England; because, under the reg-
j ulation which control the navigation of that coun-
I T> they are now enabled to underwork us. I
venture to sav that in the commercial transactions
of the world it is the underworking3 that most
effectually operate upon this part of the business.
We know that in land carrtage, in the freights
from the Eafst to the West, that in railroads and.
steamboats, and in wagons from Cumberland to
Wheeling, or to Brownsville, it is the price which
the employer has to pay that regulates the matter
in making the airangeqients for employing. Now,
I want to be informed that, in consequence of
those favoring laws passed by the Parliament of
Great Britain in reference to British navigation,
the operation is 90 beneficial as to enable the Brit-
ish commercial marine to underwork in a great
measure the American marine, and that by the
passage of this law it will enable the freights to
come down so that we can compete upon that ;
basis; for freights make the great controversy be- ,
tween commercial nations. You must show, in i
prder to prove that we can then enter favorably '
into that competition, that this legislation is neces-
sary to bring down freight*. For if you cannot
compete upon the score of economy in the trans-
portation of tobacco, cotton, flour, pork, and other j
articles of that sort, my word for it, the man who j
will do the work the cheapest and upon the best j
terms is employed, whether it is his own national 1
vessel or a foreign one. j
We are acting entirely in the dark in reference
to this matter. It seems to me that we have a bill
here of the most important character, affecting the
great agricultural interests of the country, and
affecting these interests adversely and disaavanta-
geously, for jhe purpose of benefiting the commer-
cial interests, the mercantile interests, and the
ship-owners of the country. I am not prepared to
vote for it unless I see my way more clearly than
I now do. I feel it my duty, therefore, to throw
out these objections to the bill, in the hope that
before a vote is taken I may be satisfactorily in-
formed upon this subject. Let me see, when the
information comes, that it is to affect the agricul- M
tural interests that I represent in an advantageous i1
manner—then I will go for it. In regard to the
provisions of this bill, as explained by the chair-
man of the Committee on Commerce, there is
much that I heartily approve—that is, if I could
separate the first section of the bill from the rest.
But if we are to retain this first section, changing
the common law, which has been settled ever since
the case of Cox and Burnham, I am opposed to it.
Mr. DICKINSON. The origin of this common
law may be very well taken from the fact that the
act of God and that of the public enemy are placed
upon the same footing. It has not yielded at all to
the spirit of the age; and the advance and progress
j of commerce demand that there should be some
1 amelioration of this iron rule. You cannot bene-
fit commerce without benefiting agriculture. The
common carriers, if they are relieved by the ope-
ration of this bill, will receive benefits that will be
felt in all the ramifications of society, and none
will profit more than the agricultural interest.
The honorable Senator from Kentucky says
that the members of the Committee on Commerce
are from the commercial cities. Now, he certainly
1 does not disapprove of this. Does he not know
that there are carriers as well as merchants there,
and that the great interests in the commercial
cities are the carrying trade, as well as the export-
ation and importation interests ? This interest of
carrying finds its check in other interests, and
other interests in that. This bill should not be ,
put off because it is an important one, nor passed
at once because it is an important bill. If the rule
as it now exists is oppressive and unfavorable, not
1 only upon this interest, but upon all interests, then
| it is time to yield a little more to the spirit of the
j age, and place it in the shape that society demands.
I will not take up more of the time of the Senate
| now unless this bill be debated more fully, but will
i content myself with these few brief and desultory
, remarks.
Mr. RANTOUL. I hope this bill will pass,
! The rule of common law applying to common car-
1 riers, which is very old in England, and which
j has been applied to ships, and applied so far as to
cover the case now provided for by this clause, has
] been found to be intolerable in Great Britain. If
there ever was a Government on the face of the
Globe that adhered with pertinacity to her ancient
; laws, it is the British nation; and no change is made
' there without its being argued over and over again,
i and it takes years to force reasons into the mind
of the British nation for any change or improve-*
ment of the principles of common law. But this
change is upon the face of it so required by the
principles of justice, so required by not only the
shipping interest, but the interests of all those
whose goods are transported, that it has been
brought about in Great Britain. They have made
the alteration which we are now asked to make,
and they have carried it further than this section
of the bill carries it.
Well, sir, the honorable Senator from South
Carolina [Mr. Butl&r] has told us truly that the
British nation were a nation of ship-owners. That
is true; but it is truer of us, for if the British are
a nation of ship-owners and shipping interests,
the United States are much more a nation of ship-
owners. The tonnage of Great Britain, excluding
the provinces, and taking the islands ot Great
Britain and Ireland—the tonnage of the United
Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland—is a little
over three and a half millions of tons. Our tonr
nage is considerably over thatamount. The carry-
ing capacity of our mercantile marine is vastly
greater at this moment than that of Great Britain
and Ireland. Our tonnage is larger, and under a
different rule. A ship that measured one thousand
tons under the old rule would under the new rule
measure one thousand two hundred tons. You will
find that our navigation employs a much larger
marine carrying power than the navigation of
Great Britain—much larger; and they have their
thirty millions of population, while we have but
twenty-three millions; and yet we, with that twen-
ty-three millions, own more shipping than they
own. I am speaking of the islands of Great
Britain and Ireland. Now, if they are justified
in lookingkeenly and constantly to their mercan-
tile interest, we are not only justified but required
to look much more attentively to ours; for it in-
cludes a greater proportion of our population and
a greater proportion of our wealth than is the case
with Great Britain. In some of the States of this
Union the proportion of theshipping to the popu-
lation is six times—ay, in its actual carrying capa-
city pretty nearly seven times—as great a propor-
tion as that in Great Britain. This being the case,
the shipping interest is an interest which this Gov-
ernment is bound to look to.
But I am not going to rest my support of this
