THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—'TERMS $1 50 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 2d Session.
MONDAY, MARCH 3, 1851.
New Series....No. 46.
Mr. ALT5ERTSON said that he had been in-
structed by the Committee on Public Lands to
report a bill of tlje character.
The bill was then read a first and second time
bv its title, and referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. BAYLY said it was agreed last night that
die debate on the Army appropriation bill should
not be closed unul one o'clock to-day, in order to
give the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs, [Mr. Burt,] and the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] an opportunity of being
heard upon it, both of those gentlemen being de-
sirous of presenting their views to the House. He
would therefore move that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole 011 the state of the Union.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, inquired what
was the first business in order?
The SPEAKER replied, that the regular order
of business would be the call of the committees
for reports.
Mr. JOHNSON enquired whether a call for the
regular order of business would not have priority
over a motion to go into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER replied, that the motion to go
into committee was in order.
Mr. JOHNSON, ofTennessee, wished to make
another inquiry of the Chair. He wished to know
if it was right before going into committee to as- !
sign the floor to two particular gentlemen? \
The SPEAKER called the gentleman to order. >
Mr. ROBINSON called for the yeas and nays J
on Mr. Bayly's motion that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The yeas and nays were not ordered; and the
question being taken, it was decided in the affirm-
ative.
The House accordingly resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the- state of the Union,
(Mr. Boyd in the Chair,) and resumed the con7
sideration of the Army appropriation bill.
Mr. HOWARD obtained the floor. He said:
Mr. Chairman: It is the first and highest duty
of every Government to protect iis citizens in their
lives, and give security to property and person.
No Administration can long command the respect
or obedience of the people which is wanting in !
the disposition or power to attain this chief end j
of all human government. If it fail in this great !
object, it becomes a curse instead of a blessing— j
an engine to consume the substance of the peo-
ple through the mear>3 of taxation, instead of an
' instrument of security and public protection.
Under our system, it is the imperative duty of
the General Government to protect the States from
every public enemy. The States cannot declare
war, make treaties, or maintain an army in the
time of peace. In inhibiting these "powers to the
States, the Constitution assumes upon the Gener-
al Government the burden, and charges it with
the duty of the public defence. It is one of the
chief considerations for the taxes which the people
of the States contribute to the support of the Fed-
eral Government. It is a heavy burden upon the
production of the country, and the industry of the
people, for the appropriations for the maintenance
of the Army and Navy have already reached the
enormous amount of $20,000,000 per annum in a ,
time of peace. The Army alone is a charge of
$10,000,000 upon the Treasury. Yet, notwith-
standing all this expense, the frontier is not pro-
tected. Every mail for nearly three years has
brought us fresh news of the murder of men, wo-
men made captive after being subjected to cruelties
whieh cannot be told in this presence, and then
with their children carried into captivity; farms
laid waste, and property destroyed and carried
away to the amount of hundreds of thousands of i
dollars. It is time that some efficient measures
should be taken to arrest these horrid Indian bar- t
barities upon the frontiers of Texas and New j
46
J Mexico. This subject has been constantly pressed
upon the consideration of Congress by my col-
: league and myself, as well as by the memorials
! of the people, and yet nothing has been done, cal-
culated to give efficient protection to the inhabit-
ants on the frontiers. They have even sent spe-
, cial agents here to make known their condition;
but without success. I know that General Brooke
and the other officers in command on the frontier,
have done all in their power with the force at their
,! disposition. But the Government has required
1 them to defend a vast extent of country without
I. giving them any force with which the service
could be performed.
We have acquired from Mexico an extensive
I territory at a large expenditure, both of blood and
treasure. This country cannot be settled, nor its
resources developed unless the emigrants are pro-
tected against the hostilities of the Indian tribes,
i If efficient protection were given along the western
frontiers of Texas and to New Mexico, the coun-
( try would soon settle by a population which would
, be able to defend itself with very little aid from the
( General Government. The valley of the Rio
i Grande will admit of a line of dense settlements
" upon the river, and the inducements which agri-
culture and Mexican commerce hold out to emi-
grants, could not fail to populate the country
rapidly, if there were security for life and*property.
It is obviously the interest of the Government to
j encourage and protect emigration to the Rio
| Grande, and along our whole boundary to the
I junction of the Gila and the Colorado. That
I country is, in my opinion, greatly undervalued.
| Its agricultural power aJ>ove the Pecos is, perhaps,
j not equal to other portions ef the United States,
' but it has great resources in grazing as well as in
: minerals. New Mexico abounds in iron, copper,
i silver, and gold. The Gila and Colorado espe-
cially are rich in the precious metals. The Gov-
ernment cannot derive any revenue from its public
lands in New Mexico, until the settlers ana emi-
grants are protected, tind can feel security for
themselves and their property. Until that object is
attained, all that public domain must remain not
only unproductive, but a positive charge upon the
Treasury.
The Government of the United States has also
a deep interest in the growth and prosperity of
Texas. The settlement of her cotton and sugar
lands will increase the export of the country, alid
furnish a market for American manufactures.
Especially has the Government of the United
States a direct interest in the early settlement of
i! the northern and western frontiers of Texas. It
!j must for years be a line of military posts, and her
1 troops require subsistence, which could easily be
| produced in the neighborhood of the posts, which
are now supplied by transportation from a great
' distance, and at vast expense.
The Rio Grande will, when settled, be the seat
I of an extensive trade with Mexico. It is already
so, and if there were security on that frontier, its
settlement would enable the United States to con-
trol the commerce of Mexico. If the Indians were
: held in subjection, not only would the Rio Grande
! country within our own territory settle up, but the
• Mexican side of the river would also repopulate,
and the rich mines in the neighboring Mexican
States, now broken up by the incursions of the
; savages, would be reopened, and the United States
would, in a short time, be in the exclusive pos-
session of all the commerce of that extensive coun-
I try, rich in minerals, and many other sources of
productive trade and wealth.
With the country acquired by treaty from Mex-
j ico, we received several Indian tribes, in addition
' to those which, for a portion of the year, take up
; their abode in Texas. I had occasion, the other
day, in answer to an inquiry from the gentleman
. from Maryland, [Mr. Evans,] to speak of the na-
1 ture of the title of the Texas Indians to any right
of occupancy within the territory of Texas, and to
correct him as to a belief which he had formed,
that the State or people of Texas had taken the
country belonging te the Indians without compen-
jatirig them for it. I now .repeat what I then !
stated, that the Indians have no right of occupancy
in Texas, and the same remark applies to New
Mexicoand California. Neither Spain nor Mexico
ever admitted any right of occupancy in the wild
savage tribes. It is well known, that immediately,
and for some time after the conquest of Mexico,
Spain claimed,not only the country which she had
conquered, and assumed to grant, not only the
land, but the natives with it as slaves. Subse-
quently, through the influence of Las Casas, and
other functionaries of the Catholic church, who
had undertaken the conversion of the Indians, this
practice was abrogated by the Crown, and to a
great extent given up in practice, although not act-
ually abandoned for centuries. The Government
of Spain at length granted land to the Indians who
would settle in communities or villages, (pueblos,)
embrace Christianity and the arts of civilization.
To each village was generally given four leagues
of land in fee. They might even sell it, with the as-
sent of the Spanish authorities, and choose another
tract in the public domain, and become vested with
the fee in the same manner. No title, however,
except that of occupation at sufferance was ad-
mitted in the wild tribes, or Gentiles, as they wero
termed by the Church. Any title by occupancy,
in the English sense, was denied, because incon-
sistent with the right claimed by the Crown over
the country, and also antagonistic to the policy of
conversion and civilization of the Indians Sought to
be carried out by the Catholic Church. It is well
known that the savage tribes, with immense districts
of country to roam and hunt over, are averse to the
habits and industry which civilization demands.
This, the Catholic clergy well understood, and
hence the reason of the Spanish policy on this sub-
ject. This policy was continued by Mexico, which
granted lands to the Indians under her colonization
laws, provided they settled upon and cultivated
them, and embraced the Catholic faith. The nine-
teenth article of the colonization law of 1825, of
Coaliuila and Texas declared:
"The Indians of all nations bordering on the State, tw
well as the wandering tribes within the same, shall be ad-
mitted in market exempt Irom all duties in their traffic in
the effects of the country; and should any of the same,
being attracted in this manner, and by the mildness ana
confidence with which they shall otherwise be treated, wish
to establish themselves in any of the settlements, afYer de-
claring themselves in favor of our institutions and religion,
they shall be admitted, and share the same quantity-of land
as the settlers specified in articles fourteen and fifteen, al-
ways preferring native to foreign Indians."
The result is, that these Indians had no right of
occupancy at the time of the Texas revolution,
and Texas has never admitted any since. Neither
will the United States have any Indian right of
occupancy to extinguish in California or New
Mexico.
The Indians cannot be said to have any fixed
homes in Texas. They have no villages, they
carry on no agriculture; but roam over a vast
country, from Texas to Mexico, and to the Rocky
Mountains, in pursuit of game and plunder. A
portion of the Camanches, and two or three other
tribes, usually winter in Texas, and in the Spring
assemble on the Pecos, from which they start on
their forays into Mexico arid the settlements of
Texas, or north in the pursuit of the buffalo.
It is the duty of the United States not only to
protect her own citizens, but to pursue a liberal
and humane policy towards the Indians. Their
character, however, is such that they must be
taught both to fear and respect you, before any-
thing can be done for the amelioration of their
present condition. The first step to this is an ef-
ficient organization of the military force. It must
be evident to Congress and the country that the
present Army of the United States is totally inad-
equate to the public defence. This is not the fault
of the present Administration, whatever may have
been the neglect of the past, for the President has
in his message recommended that the deficiency
should be supplied by an increase of the cavalry
force. It is not the fault of the Army nor its offi-
cers, who aie as gallant men as the sun ever shone
on, and have performed as high deeds in the field
of battle as the annals of modern warfare can
boast. It results from the fact that the Army
