72a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 27,
was organized long since, for a service totally dif-
ferent from the present, and is not, therefore,
adapted to the wants of the country since our late
acquisitions of territory, nor to its border de-
fences. All the officers who have had any expe-
rience on the frontier, concur in the opinion tliat..
the Army is deficient in cavalry. By some method
this branch of the service must be increased. It
is quite immaterial how numerous the other corps
may be, they are useless for the defence of the
flintier from the mouth of the Rio Grande, and
from Red river to New Mexico 'and the Pacific,
except only at the posts. The reason is ob-
vious—nearly our whole western line is a prairie
country, with very little timber, and abounding in
pasturage. The savage tribes have all vast herds
of horses and mules, prosecute their wars on
horseback, and never make hostile incursions on
foot. They are all well mounted and the most
expert riders in the world, not excepting even the
Arabs. You can neither fight nor pursue them
with infantry or artillery. Out of the reach of the
guns of the forts, and these corps might aa well
be n thousand miles distant. They never can
come up with the enemy.
• These tribes seldom stand a charge of anything
like equal numbers, when they are on horseback,
and can fly from an enemy into the prairies. So
true is this, that when overtaken and pressed upon
a wood or thicket, by even a much inferior force,
they generally abandon their horses and baggage,
and escape into the woods. Captain McCullough
lately overtook a band between the Nueces and
the Rio Grande, who abandoned their horses, and
all their property, and lied into the chaparral.
The southwestern Indians for a long period of
time have been accustomed to live partly by the
chase, but mainly by the plunder of the Spanish
and Mexican settlements. To such an extent
have the savages plundered that unresisting people,
•that the Camanches call Mexico their " Ranche."
As soon as a particular district raises a good stock
of horses, mules, and other stock, these free-
booters of the prairfe sweep down, kill the shep-
herds, take the women and children captive, and
drive away the herds into their own haunts. Of
late years their operations have been so extensive,
that the productive industry of the northern States
of Mexico is in a great measure destroyed.
Mexico, painfully aware of the difficulties at-
tending the defence of her northern frontiers
-against the Indians, inserted in the treaty of Hi- j
dalgo a provision which obliges the United States ;
to prevent incursions into Mexico by all tribes of I
Indians who would thereafter be embraced within
the litnits of our own territory. This stipulation
was a material inducement to the treaty; and
every principle of good faith and humanity re-
quires us to comply with the obligation. It will
be difficult of performance, because you must come
in conflict with the settled habits of plunder in the
savage; and he has so long been addicted to the
robbery of the Mexican, that he regards it as a
right which he ought not to be forced to yield. It
was an unwise stipulation, yet you must comply
with it, or pay annually millions to Mexico as
indemnity for Indian spoliations. Its performance
becomes the more difficult, as the game is nearly
exhausted; and the Indian must either rob or
work, and therefore his habits must be changed,
or he must be exterminated. I brought the sub-
ject of this treaty to the notice of the House early
last session by a resolution, -which was referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, from which I
presented a report, asking for another regiment of
cavalry. It was subsequently urged upon this
Government by the Mexican minister, and has
been again by them pressed upon the Administra-
tion. I comment 011 it now, not only because it
is a treaty obligation of the Government, but for
the reason that it is connected with this whole
subject of frontier defence. The line to be de-
fended by the treaty would also protect Texas
arid New Mexico. It would be just as much your
duty to protect them, if we had no such treaty;
but its stipulations are an obligation you cannot
escape. If you permit the Indians of the United ,
States to plunder Mexico contrary to the guaranty
of the treaty, and without providing an efficient
force,the Government will be compelled to pay five
times as much in the shape of indemnity, as the
cost of the additional cavalry force. Every prin-
ciple of economy and sound policy, as well as :
humanity, requires that the Government should
take prompt and efficient measures for the protec-
tion of our own frontiers, as well as for the exe-
cution of the treaty with Mexico.
Nor is it to be supposed that the Government
can neglect the protection of its own citizens with-
out msSting them compensation for these Indian
depredations. A bill for that purpose has already
passed the Senate, for the relief of the sufferers in
Texas, and although the Committee 011 Indian
Affairs has refused to report it to this House, it
must ultimately pass. This Government cannot
take away from the people the right to make war
on the Indians, neglect measures of protection it-
self, and then refuse to make compensation to those
who have had their property destroyed. The In-
dian intercourse law, which provides compensa-
tion to all those who have lost property by depre-
dations of the savages, provided they leave ven-
geance to the Government, extends in principle to
Texas, and if it is not in force there already, as I
believe, it ought to be so declared by a legislative
act. Everywhere within the limits of the Union,
the Government has assumed the exclusive con-
trol of the Indian tribes. There is no reason,
then, why Texas should be treated as a foreign
power in this respect. I demand for her the same
protection and benefits of your Indian policy,
which the Government extends to other States of
the Union which have Indians within their limits.
And it is no answer to this demand that there is no
Indian country within the limits of Texas. The
Federal Government, as the guardian of the In-
dians, is bound to the States for their good conduct.
We must have, I repeat, an efficient cavalry
force. U is admitted thatHhe mounting of the in-
fantry has proved a total failure. General Scott
and the other officers, have told you in their.offi-
cial reports, that this temporary mounting of the
infantry, spoils good infantry and makes bad cav-
alry. "VVhen this measure of mounting the infantry
was proposed, I ventured to assert that it would
prove a total failure, and "moved two regiments of
rangers as a substitute; but it was impossible to
carry any measure of this sort against the recom-
mendation of General Taylor and the influence
of the War Office. The result has been a large
expense and a useless force.
I still believe that the rangers are the cheapest
and most efficient service. The frontier men are
excellent riders, almost universally. They can
follow rapidly in pursuit, with very light baggage,
and 110 troops can be found who display greater
coolness and bravery in the presence of an enemy.
They make up in these qualities whatever they
lack in camp discipline and cavalry tactics. What-
ever may have been the complaints of a few army
officers to the contrary, I maintain and stand ready
to verify the efficiency and gallantry of the ranger
service. The allegation that the rangers are not
industrious in scouting, and are too careful of
their horses, is contradicted by the published re-
ports of the officers of the United States Army.
A statement has been industriously circulated,
.that the people of Texas have exaggerated the
amount of these Indian depredations, for the pur-
pose of getting her own people employed in this
service by the Government. Such an imputa-
tion is as unfounded as it is unjust. Texas has
not solicited the enlistment of her own citizens.
All she demands is a sufficient cavalry force, which
can afford protection to the lives and property of
her citizens upon the frontier. She never has at-
tempted to dictate the character of that force; but
if it is to be by the employment of rangers, the
subject ought to be regulated by some additional
legislation. The present law allows their enroll-
ment for only three months, when it is expensive
to be mustering men in and out perpetually, and
the best men are not disposed to quit their ordi-
nary avocations for less than twelve months'terms.
The compensation of so short a service does not
defray the expense of the outlay necessary to
equipment. The law, therefore, should be amend-
ed, so as to extend the period of service to a longer
term.
Again: there should be a distinct understand-
ing, not only as to the authority, but the duty of
the officers to call for rangers, whenever the pub-
lic service requires it. General Brooke has been
constantly embarrassed for want of this authority,
"at least, during the past Administration. I have
reason to know, that whenever he called for ran-
gers for the public defence, no matter how urgent j
the necessity, he has involved himself in a corre- I
spondence with the Department, if he has not in-
curred a direct censure. This condition of things
ought not to continue. Either there should be an
ample increase of the regular mounted force, or
the officers ought to be given full discretionary
j powers to supply its place with volunteers,
i Next to the rangers, no doubt, the best force
1 for the southern frontier is regular cavalry. The
j President,andthecommander-in-chiefoftheArmy,
! have called for two additional regiments of cavalry.
I For one, as the imperative duty of these defences
: rests upon the Administration, I am prepared to
vote for any reasonable increase of the Army
1 which the President demands, leaving to him the
! responsibility of the wisdom and economy of the
| measure. I will not call on him for frontier pro-
' tection and then disregard his recommendation as
to the character of the force.
This recommendation of the President and his
Cabinet has been met by a report of the Military
Committee, recommending, by bill, the creation
of another regiment of mounted men, by a sys-
tem of interchanges, by which the best men are
to be selected from the whole eight regiments of
infantry. I do not doubt, that out of these eight
regiments a very good regiment of mounted rifle-
men may be made up, as about one fourth of the
army are native Americans, and understand the
use of the horse, and are of course accustomed to
arms; but I regret to say, that this bill has been
introduced so late in the session as to leave little
hope of its passage by the present Congress.
The measure is obnoxious to the further objec-
tion, that one additional regiment is not sufficient
to the frontier defences. General Brooke has de-
clared in his official report that at least three thou-
sand mounted men are necessary for the defence
of the frontiers of Texas alone. That accom-
plished officer, Colonel McCall, in his very able
and interesting report upon New Mexico, just
published, confidently asserts, that New Mexico
cannot be defended with less than two thousand
nine hundred men, of whom one thousand four
hundred must be cavalry. This would give an
aggregate cavalry force required of four thousand
four hundred men. We have in the present ser-
vice two regiments of dragoons, one thousand
seven hundred and fifty-six men; one regiment of
mounted riflemen,*nine hundred; in all, two thou-
sand six hundred and fiftv-six. And when the
regiment now proposed to be raised is added, the
whole mounted force will only be three thousand
four hundred and fifty-six.
It is proposed to bring back the mounted regi-
ment from Oregon, and station the whole cavalry
of the Army upon the frontiers of Texas and
New Mexico; but still it will not be adequate to
the public defence. It is necessary to protect the
whole line of the Rio Grande to El Paso and to the
junction of the Gila and Colorado, and from Red
river to El Paso, in order to give security to
Texas, and carry out the treaty with Mexico.
This cannot be done with less than five thousand
cavalry.
W e have now, as shown by the official rolls of the
, Army, more than six thousand infantry in service.
Not one fifth of this number are required upon the
Atlantic coast. Not more than one fourth can be
made available for frontier defence. A few of
them may be useful in the posts, and a limited
number may operate with advantage against the
Indians in the mountain districts of New Mexico.
It is therefore evident, that the infantry is entirely
too large for a peace establishment, and out of
proportion for the service required for an army
under present circumstances. The true policy
undoubtedly is, (if you keep up the Army,) to
convert at least three of these regiments into a
' permanent cavalry force. This may be done by
the system of interchanges proposed by the com-
mittee, or by authorizing the officers to disband
the rank and file and recruit dragoons in their
place. Mostoftheofficershavebeen taught riding,
and cavalry tactics at the Military Academy,
and could therefore soon organize a mounted
force. Inasmuch as from sickness, death, deser-
tion, and expiration of term of service, no regi-
ment can ever be kept full, three regiments would
be a very moderate force.
The Department has estimated that the mount-
ing of a regiment will cost $60,000. The mount-
ing of three regiments would therefore be only a
single item, which would not be repeated, of
$180,000.
