1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
723
An able officer in the Army has furnished me
with an estimate, by which he puts the difference
between the pay, clothing, &c., of a regiment of
dragoons ana a regiment of infantry, of equal
strength and like organization, at $18,261 15.
His estimate ia as follows;
•Pay, 4"c., af a Regiment of Dragoons,
650 ificws tun) men, «n« ye*r $106,719 13
Arenige cost of clothing for the en-
listed men, (615 men,) one year.. 16,687 16
 5133,406 88
Pay, 4-c., of a Regiment of Infantry.
558 officers and men, one year.... §80,496 00
Average cost of clothing for the en-
listed men, (534,) one year  11,999 99
  92,495 99
Difference  §30,910 89
In the above estimate the regiment of dragoons
lias one lieutenant, one principal musician, ten
farriers, and eighty privates more than a regiment
of infantry—their pay, &c., and clothing for the
wen amounting to, for one year, $12,649 04—
leaving the difference between the pay, &c., and
clothing for the soldiers of a regiment of dragoons
and one of infantry of equal strength and like or-
ganization, $18,261 15.
" P<*lh 4*-," is meant to include the pay and
«ubsistence of the officers, forage for their horses,
pay, clothing and subsistence of their servants,
«nd pay gf the enlisted men. The food of the
men is the same. This estimate is of course ex-
clusive of forage, which for a series of years need
not exceed $50,000 per regiment on the frontier,
according to the best-informed officers.
Putting the difference in pay, clothing, &c., at
$20,000 per annum, and the forage at $50,000,
the annual increase of expenses, after converting
three regiments of foot into permanent cavalry,
would be only about $200,000 per annum. Ana,
let me ask, what consideration is that, compared >
with the lives of your fellow-citizens on the fron- I
tier, and the security and consequent growth of
country which would follow such an increase of
your cavalry force ?
The neglect of Congress to provide this force,
cannot be regarded by the country in any other ,
light than a shameful dereliction of duty, and a j
wanton disregard of the lives and property of Amer-
ican citizens.
But viewed in the simple light of economy, it
is the cheapest possible, indeed the only, method of
complying with our treaty With Mexico, to say
nothing of indemnity to our own citizens for
property destroyed by Indian forays, which might
be prevented by an adequate force. It is true
economy to organize immediately an efficient force, J
which can chastise and overawe the Indians at
once. Make them feel your power, which they :
now despise; subdue and conquer them, and then <
make treaties with them; give them annuities,
and let them realize the benefits of your bounty.
This is the only true economy—the only sound
and Immune policy towards the Indian. But if
you dally and go on in the way you are now pur-
suing, for three years longer, you.will have half
a dozen Florida wars upon your hands, drawing
millions from the Treasury. These Indians have
as yet sees nothing of the power of this Govern-
ment, and regard it with even more contempt than
Mexico, which they penetrate and plunder at
pleasure.
One of two things is inevitable: either the regu-
lar cavalry must be augmented, or the Government
will be compelled to call out volunteers. The
moral atmosphere will be made unhealthy for any
Administration that withholds from the people ne-
cessary protection against the public enemy.
I am not able to perceive the wisdom of cutting
down the Army estimates as has been done by the
Committee of Ways and Means. If the Army is
to be retained in the service, it must be paid,
clothed, and fed.
The alarm in relation to the expenses has been
occasioned by the increase in the expenditures of
the Quartermaster and Subsistence Departments.
This will be only temporary. In a short time, if
protection be given, subsistence will be raised on
the frontiers at a very moderate expense. Trans-
portation has always been high at first on the estab-
lishment of frontier posts; but competition and
improved roads and means of carriage will bring
it down. Should the river and harbor bill pass
the Senate with the appropriations for the Colo-
rado and the Rio Grande, this alone will reduce I
I the transportation for Texas and New Mexico j
! one half. It Can easily be shown that the im- j
provement of those rivers, and the Guadalupe,
i Brazos, and Trinity, as recommended by General
j Jesup, for army purposes, will reduce the expense
I of transportion annually as much as the cost of
1 improvement. Colonel Johnson, of the Topo-
graphical Engineers, has estimated that $25,700,
. the amount in the bill, will reduce land carriage
on the frontier of Texas four hundred and seventy
miles. I know that on the other line, the $20,000
given to the Colorado will reduce transportation
for the Army to twice thatamount annually. It
will be a great economy in the Government not
only to improve the navigation of these rivers, but
to construct a good military road from the centre
of the State to El Paso. .
I do not suppose that the Indians are to be con-
trolled finally by military force. You must show
them that you can punish bad faith, and are dis-
posed to reward good conduct. Chastise them
soundly once, and then assign them a country,
confine them within it, and teach them the habits,
industry, and arts of civilized life. You must
either do this, or exterminate them: there is no
middle course.
My own opinion is, that the southwestern
prairie tribes could be civilized more easily than |
any of our Indians. They have for a long time j
been accustokied to rearing herds of horses and 1
# mules, and some of them possess cattle and sheep, !
which they have driven out of Mexico. They ]
frequent a country where stock can be reared with ,
the simple and easy labors of herding, as they
keep in good case all Winter on the native grass.
It is therefore easy for them to take the first step
in civilization, always the most difficult. But
they will never make the least progress until their I
predatory excursions into Mexico and elsewhere ;
are broken up. They never will work so long as
they can rob and steal to satisfy the wants of na-
ture. It is, therefore, necessary to assign them a
country as their own, and force them to live within
it. It will then be much cheaper to feed than to '
fight them, until you can turn their attention to
raising stock ana planting corn. Whenever a
savage people acquire a local habitation and an
idea of property, they have given security to keep
the peace with their fellow-men. From that time
they are under bonds. But as I have said, you
must first give them a permanent home, and break
I up their roving and predatory habits, before you :
can commence the work of Christianity and civil-
ization among them.
This Government has a very good country
J south of the thirty-second degree of north latitude,
! east of the Rio Grande mountains, which never.:
i| was within the limits of New Mexico under the
. Mexican organization. We have reserved the !,
j right of dividing New Mexico into two or more '!
' States or Territories. There a permanent home
1 could be assigned to the Indians, so protected by . i
natural boundaries that they could be removed and !
kept within it at a moderate expense. It would '
take time for its consummation, but the work !
should commence. I
This work of removal of the Indians is the most I
■ obvious duty of this Government, as to Texas, i
because many of the most troublesome tribes j
whom we have are renegades fr«m the United |
States, and mere intruders into the Texan territo- i
ry. It is the duty of this Government to remove j
them promptly, and furnish them a country in !
which they can reside, and adopt the arts of !
civilized life. The game once so abundant is fast i
becoming extinct. The buffalo and the antelope J
are rapidly disappearing from the great western '
, prairies; and in a few years absolute famine must i
overtake all the tribes of the far West. Their fate )
is a melancholy contemplation. Already hun-
. dreds of them perish with hunger and starvation j
every Winter. Unless the Government adopts
some humane and liberal policy towards them, |
they will all soon disappear by the hand of fam-
ine and the rifle of the white man. Hunger i
will force them to acts of depredation to procure
food, and this will bring down upon them the ter-
rific vengeance of a hardy frontier population. Is J
it not the duty of this great Government to arrest
such a havoc of human life? Unless it does, pos- [
terity will not hold it the Great Father of the^ed
man, but his executioner rather. And who can
doubt the debt of benevolence which the United ,,
> States owe to this remnant of humanity, when we ii
consider how like a dream the (jnce mighty tribes
of this continent have melted away before the foot-
steps of the white man? Especially how can the
Government hesitate, when the measures that pre-
serve the Indian from certain destruction in the
end, will also save the blood of our own citizens,
and their property from destruction? A policy
which will preserve the Indian will protect the
frontiers from the horrors and barbarity of savage
warfare. Let the Government chastise first, that
it may protect, cherish, and preserve afterwards.
Mr. TOOMBS next addressed the committee
in opposition to the policy of a growing increase
in the expenses of the Army. He was willing to
maintain an army adequate to all the purposes of
national defence, both at home and abroad, and
the amount absolutely required to effect that ob-
ject he was willing to vote for. But he considered
it requisite that no increase in the Army expendi-
tures ought to take place unless necessity urgently
required it, and the expense was legitimately in-
curred by an increase of the Army proper. The
expenses of the Army had lately been growing
immensely in amount and were now enormous,
and appeared to him (Mr. T.) altogether unwar-
ranted by the necessities of the service. The ex-
penses had increased to an extraordinary and
unnecessary extent, more especially in the Quar-
termaster General's Department. The estimates
for that department in 1840, for each soldier in
the Army, had been about $404; the estimates for
the present year in the same department, were
$900 and upwards for each man in the service.
He was for reducing the expenditures to the
lowest rate consistent with the maintenance of the
Army in a state of efficiency. He (Mr. T.)
thought that this could be effected; expense might
be avoided in various ways. He believed that at
present the troops were not quartered in the most
useful and least expensive localities. Troops in
California were, he considered, almost entirely
useless. He would have the troops placed in lo-
calities where they might be useful to the country;
and if not actually required for the defence of the
country, they should either be disbanded or quar-
tered where their maintenance wou'd be cheapest.
He did not propose to weaken any branch Of
the public service so as to impair any public obli-
gation for the mere saving of money, but desired
to see the money expended according to the wants
of the public service. Their duty, as American
Representatives, was to guard the public Treasury,
and to see that the money was properly expended,
j He believed that the expenditures for the Army
were too large, and ought to be reduced, and so
he should vote. It was the desire of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means to obtain the cooperation
of the proper officers of the Army to enable them
to act in this matter intelligently; but in this they
had wholly failed. It was the unanimous opinion
of the officers of the Department that none of the
$10,000,000 could be spared. They never intended
to spare any of it, but would ask an increase of it.
The House either have to throw the public Treas-
ury into the hands of those who make the esti-
mates for the Army and Navy, or strike at the
matter in the gross. He believed that the troops
should be withdrawn from California, Oregon,
and New.Mexico, and that the people should be
allowed to defend themselves. But it had been
objected that volunteers were expensive. There
was no foundation for this allegation. Let the
people of Oregon, California, and New Mexico
protect themselves, and when they had done it
they could return to their avocations. Formerly
men who wanted liberty were able to defend
themselves. They would not permit mercenaries
to defend them. Now three fourths of the Army
were foreigners, from which it would seem that
the freemen of this country were not able tQ de-
fend themselves. He believed that such a body
of men were dangerous to our liberties, and that a
standing army should not be maintained except at
the lowest possible standard.
[Mr. Toombs'speech will be found in the Ap-
pendix.]
Mr. BAYLY said: I shall be entitled to close
this debate; but. as I have nothingwhatever to add
to what my colleague on the Committee of Ways
and Means [Mr. Toombs] has said, and as the
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Burt,] who
is at the head of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, wishes to speak on this question, I hope it
will be the pleasure of the committee to allow hip
