724
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 27,
to occupy as moch of my time as he may desire.
I think myself it properly comes within the spirit
of the rule, that the chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs should haYe the right to make
the closing speech, instead of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, upon this bill.
It refers to matters more directly within his charge.
I hope, therefore, it will be the pleasure of the
committee to give the gentleman from South Caro-
lina all of my time.
Mr. BURT. Mr. Chairman, I occupy before
this House and the country, as far as my public
position may be known at all—as far as I may be
known as a citizen of a particular southern State
of this Confederacy—a position of great deli-
cacy 
[Here, the Speaker having temporarily resumed
the chair, a message was received from the Senate
announcing the return of the naval pension bill;
which,
On motion by Mr. BAYLY, by unanimous con-
went, was referred to the Committee of "Ways and
Means.]
The CHAIRMAN again resumed his seat, and
Mr. BURT (in continuation) said: Mr. Chair-
man, I was proceeding to say, that my position is
one, ,I am most sensible, of great delicacy and
of difficulty. But this committee will bear me ]
witness that, if I could have any purpose aside :
from a full and faithful discharge of my public
duty, it would be a motive not to strengthen arty ,
department of this Government, especially the 1
military department. Sir, I have well considered
my position; I have inquired earnestly with my-
self, and of friends, whether there be anything in
that position that renders a discharge of my duties :
as a member of the Committee on Military Affairs, j
impossible or improper. If I had supposed there '
was anything incompatible in my performing !
■ wholly and completely the duties of that position,
I should have resigned it to the House, by whose
authority—though without my knowledge, and
•gainst my wish®—I was placed in it. Amongst
- those duties, the War Department—that Depart-
ment which has been so effectively assailed by 1
' the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,]—has
aright to require that I should speak for them—
to assign to this committee and to the country lj
those considerations which not only justify, but jj
render absolutely indispensable to the public in- !
terests, those expenses which have been here 'j
denounced as so enormous—so flagrant. I never '
• mean to be placed in a position in which my |
tongue shall be restrained from an exposure of
public abuses. I have no interest—I have nothing
which would induce any man, to influence me to ii
cover up or extenuate public abuses. I am as jj
sensible as my friend from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] i
' or any other member of this committee or this ■;
Congress, of the expenses of the War Depart- I
ment—that they have increased to an enormous : j
extent, and that they are still increasing. I be- j
. lieve they ought to be diminished; and I beg leave ■
here to say, that not only in the War Department,
• but in every Department of this Government, have
abuses crept; and I am as ready as any man in
. this House or the country to lend my aid in fer-
reting them out, and in putting a stop to them.
But these abuses are not confined to tlief Executive
• Departments of this country. They have crept
even amongst us—into this very Hall. The
amount of money which we have expended for :
purposes not at all connected with carrying on '
the operations of the Government, is enor-
mous. The expenditure which we have author- |
ized this very session, for the benefit of our con- >
■ stituents in particular localities, called forth the 1
denunciations of my friend from Georgia as
strongly as he has denounced the Army to-day. i
What, then, are we to do? How are all these
abuses to be corrected ? My friend from Georgia
did not say so in express terms, but he did im-
pliedly say what I now assert, that a thorough in-
vestigation of the appropriations for, and the ex-
penditure of, the Army has satisfied me that this
enormous expenditure, which has so justly been a
•object of censure on this floor, has resulted from
the maladministration of that Department. I do
not mean to implicate the present Administration,
• or the late Administration which remained in power
for so brief a period, or of that which immediately
preceded it. But I do mean to say, that for a se-
ries of years, reaching back, as I believe, twenty-
five or thirty years, these abuses have been con-
stantly increasing and have never been diminished.
Now, while I say this, it is but justice to those
officers who have administered the War Depart-
ment to say, that with very "few exceptions—al-
though many men of talent have been at the head
of that Department—they have not remained in
power long enough to understand the system suf-
ficiently well to introduce such reforms as the in-
terests of the country demand should be made. A
distinguished citizen of my own State, (Mr. Cal-
houn,) at an early period of our national history,
remained at the head of that Department during
eight years. I believe he is the only man who has
ever held that office for more than four years.
Now, I say that it is impossible for any man to
become sufficiently well acquainted with the duties
of that Department irt four years to be able suc-
cessfully to effect such reforms as the interests of
. the country imperiously demand. I believe that
j no one who has occupied that place for four years
has done it. I believe the present efficient Secre-
tarv of War has devoted his attention earnestly
and diligently to this subject, and that he will do
everything in his power to produce a salutary re-
form in the administration of that Department.
He has adopted a policy which is intended to re-
duce, and which if ne be permitted to carry it out,
1 must greatly reduce its expenses. It is very evi-
dent to my mind, after a thorough investigation
; of the subject, that those abuses of which the gen-
i tleman from Georgia has so earnestly, so effect-*
ively, and, I think, in some instances so justly
complained, result from the maladministration of
the Department; yet that gentleman, so far from
being able to point out the particular abuses which
! have grown up in that administration and which
need reforming, is himself constrained to acknowl-
edge that he " strikesat them in the dark." This is
his language. He tells us that we have the con-
trol of the public purse, and he will not allow the
public treasure to be expended so wastefully and
so prodigally as he supposes it is expended under
J the present state of things.
Now, Mr. Chairman, at the very first meeting
! of the Committee on Military Affairs, during the
last session of the present Congress, the members
of that committee will bear me witness that I
deemed it my duty to call their attention seriously
to the condition of the War Department—to the
expenses of that Department. A proposition was
made, and received their unanimous concurrence, i
to go into an investigation of the causes which !
produced this expenditure. I went, in pursuance \
to their instructions, directly to the Secretary of I
War, and communicated to him the determination j
of that committee. He agreed with me that in- !
vestigation was necessary, and that reform was j
necessary. It is but just to that officer—and I
can certainly have no motive to speak of him in j
terms of undeserved commendation—that I should
say that I know of no man we have had in that j
Department for a long series of years, more capa- :
ble of aiding wisely and judiciously in that reform
than himself. His aid was promised readily and
liberally, but circumstances soon arose in that
Department and the country, which prevented me I
from receiving any aid from him whatever. i
At our first meeting the present session of,
Congress, the subject was again presented for I
the consideration of the Committee on Military ;
Affairs. Well, we set at once earnestly at work.
We went to work to see by what means this ex- :
penditure became so large, and what appropria- -
tions could be properly cut off. We investigated ■
the subject thoroughly. I have now before me
the result of that investigation. We entered into
the details of these expenditures very minutely.
And I aver to this committee—I aver to the coun- :
try-—that no man can put his finger upon a single '
estimate of any one of the Bureaus of the War De-
partment, which he will say can be consistently and ■
safely diminished. I say that my friend from Geor-
gia seeing this, was driven to strike only in thedark.
Now, so minute has been the investigation of the j
Committee on Military Affairs into this matter, i
that I can tell you the cost of a soldier's ration at
any military station you may choose to designate.
I can tell you the cost of the transportation on that :
ration. And what do you suppose is the cost of !
a soldier's ration for one day in New Mexico?
If is forty-two cents. In Texas, the cost of a ra-
tion is nineteen cents. We have traced this thing .
from beginning to end, from its purchase in the
Subsistence Department to its transportation to the :
j Quartermaster's Department—the most prominent
I point of attack in the expenses of the War Depart-
ment. Now, I feel it my duty, in justice to the
, Quartermaster, to explain to this committee what
are his duties, and how it is that the expenditures
of that bureau have increased so immensely since
1845. The Quartermaster is charged by law with
the duty of purchasing the clothing of the soldiers.
He is also charged with the duty of transporting
the purchases of clothing and the purchases of the
Subsistence Department to the post at which the'
supplies are needed. It is his duty, also, to pro-
vide forage for the horses. Well, in the purchase
: of clothing for soldiers and provender for the
! horses he has no discretion. If the gentleman
| from Oregon, [Mr. Thurston,} who makes such
; strong statements in relation to things in that
country, can submit any facts to show that grain
! and hay and provender for horses has not cost the
prices at which they are put down in this estimate,
( then let him rise in his place, and produce them to
this committee. I say, if there is any man here,
from any quarter, who is prepared to prove a
single estimate of that Department false, I call upon
him to produce his evidence.
'! Mr. THURSTON, (interposing.) If the gen-
, tleman from South Carolina will allow me for a
moment, I wish to state, that if the estimates
which have just been mentioned here, as to the
forage of horses, are made from the actual cost in
Oregon, that there is no necessity of any expend-
iture whatever for this purpose in that country.
I wish to state that I have kept two or three horses
myself for two or three years. I have rode those
horses very considerably in that country, and yet
I have never bought for them one pound of hay,
one bushel of oats, or one article of forage during
the whole two or three years, I venture to say
that you may take into that country just as many
horses as you please; they may remain at grass
the entire year, and yet be as fat as any horses
; you can find in your best livery-stables here.
Mr. BURT (resuming) said: I should be very
' glad to indulge the gentleman from Oregon, [Mr.
| Thurston.] Does the gentleman mean to say
that it is the duty of a dragoon of the United States
Army to turn his horse out to grass as he did ?
The committee will remark that the gentleman
: does not controvert the estimates put down by the
' Quartermaster's Department, for he simply gives
answer that he did not give his horse anything. I
say, that when these round assertions are brought
| to the test, as I now bring them to the test, they
will be found as vague and unsatisfactory as the
| replies of the gentleman from Oregon.
Mr. Chairman, the Quartermaster, upon the
Requisition of the Adjutant General, who has
charge of the recruiting service—upon the requisi-
tion of the Chief of the Bureau of Subsistence,
who buys the rations for the soldiers from sup-
plies in New York, Baltimore, Cincinnati, or any-
where else—is bound to transport those supplies
, to the point indicated in the requisition, and has
no more discretion about it than I have. I say,
sir, that he has no discretion. It is his duty, and
he is bound to perform it at whatever cost. Let
me say to you, that since 1845, and in 1845, when
the expenses of the Quartermaster's Department
were so much less than they are now, every post
—every solitary post—I believe, in the United
States, was supplied by contract. Proposals to
furnish such supplies at a given cost were ad-
vertised for. When the contract was made, the
supplies were to be furnished for soldiers and for-
age for animals at the posts where they were to
beused. Now, sir, almost the entire transportation
to this new country that we require, is at the cost
of the Quartermaster's Department, whereas you
will see at once that the most of it shouldf be
chargeable to the Subsistence Department. I will
proceed to answer the point upon- this subject
which was very strongly urged by the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Tqombs,] with very great
effect before this committee. After giving the
amount of expenditure for the Army in different
years, he showed what the amount of expenditure
now is, and what each sabre and musket of the
Army cost the country this day. The contrast is
very striking. It is enough to arrest the attention
of any gentleman. But the gentleman, in order to
make the contrast absolutely appalling, alleges that
the frontier country was then as great as it is now.
Well, if he'ia within the reach of my voice, I de-
sire to call his attention to the statement which I
