1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and I undertake to say, in justice to him, that the
arrangements lie is making to bring that regiment
back, are of the most economical kind. He pro-
poses to transfer the men, as far as possible, from
that regiment to other regiments on the Pacific, to
avoid recruiting for these regiments, and reduce
the number of men that will be actually brought
back. He has ordered that all the horses should
be sold. In truth, under this arrangement, which
I consider an extremely judicious one, the regi-
ment will be brought back very much reduced.
The horses will be sold, the men transferred to
other regiments as far as it is necessary to fill
them up, and the officers will be brought back.
In reference to the force in California, I am au-
thorized by the Secretary of War to state, that
he is making arrangements to reduce the force
there, which was placed in that country by his
predecessor. He did not think it judicious to act
precipitately in this matter, and he has written to
General Persifer Smith, requesting him to send an
estimate for the reduction of the force there, to the
lowest possible point to which it can be reduced
without danger to the public service. It is prop-
er that I should say to this committee, in candor,
that from facts in my possession, I think that this'
arrangement cannot be made in a way to materi-
ally decrease the expenditures for the next year.
A portion of the mounted rifles will have to be
brought home at large expenditure.
There are some other topics which I would like
to touch upon had I time to go through with them,
but I think it best not to broach them. I will vote
for both of these reductions, and I hope they will
force the Administration into something more
economical than has heretofore prevailed in the
Quartermaster's Department. I predict, and the
truth of the prediction will be verified next De-
cember, that about the long and short of the mat-
ter will be, we shall have to make up for all the
reductions in the next deficiency bill. If that shall
be the result, we will have derived this advantage at
least by lopping off this large expenditure—we shall
avoid the necessity of issuing Treasury notes,
which the Administration has already called upon
the Committee of Ways and Means to authorize
during this session of Congress, to meet the ap-
propriation which it is expected will be made, and j
to meet other demands upon the Treasury,
arising from the awards of the board for the ad-
justment of claims against Mexico.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
announcing the passage of the naval pension bill
with sundry amendments, which, on motion by
Mr. Bayly, by unanimous consent, was referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.]
The CHAIRMAN stated the question to be on
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Giddivgs,] to strike out the item appropriating
$56,000 for the expenses of recruiting.
Mr. BURT wished to say a few words in op-
position to that amendment. The recruiting ser-
vice was absolutely necessary to supply the ranks
of the army. Every military man knew that, un-
der the most favorable circumstances, an army
could not be kept up at its authorized complement
naarer than from twelve and a half to twenty-five
per cent., and on the distant .frontier it could not
be kept up nearer than from thirty to forty per
cent. The recruiting service for the past year, as
the report of the Adjutant General showed, would
not supply one third of the men that were wanted
for the Army. He trusted, therefore, that this
part of the bill at least would be spared.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, moved to amend
the paragraph proposed to be stricken out, by in-
creasing the appropriation (1,000, so as to make
it " $57, 616." He said that he offered the amend-
ment merely for the purpose of making a remark
or two. He found on looking to the estimates
that only $54,048 was asked for Dy the War Depart-
ment for the recruiting service. Now, the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means had given $56,616,
being upwards of $2,000 more than was asked for
by the War Department. Yet the Committee of
Ways and Means, in their desire to secure economy
in the expenses of the Army, had been cutting
down 
Mr. JONES (interposing) explained that" $56,-
616" in the hill was a mistake, and suggested that
the gentleman from Maryland should modify his
amendment, so as to make the item "$54,048."
Mr. EVANS so modified his amendment. As
the gentleman from Tennessee had explained that
the item in the bill was a mistake, h« had nothing
more to say on the subject.
Mr. TOOMBS remarked that estimates fur- 1
nished by the Department on the 4th of December,
differed materially from the estimates furnished on
the 7th of December. |
The question was then taken on Mr. Evans's
amendment to the amendment, and it was agreed
to.
The question was next taken on Mr. Giddings's
amendment to strike out the whole item, and it
was not agreed to.
Mr. BURT moved to amend the paragraph of
the bill appropriating $102,871 for the clothing of
the Army, camp and garrison equipage, by stri-
king out that amount, and inserting $243,538 65.
He (Mr. B.) was sure that the Committee of
Ways and Means could not have possessed the
information that he (Mr. B.) did, or they could
not have reduced this item as they had done. The 1
usual estimate for this item had been $456,000; j
but, at the close of the Mexican war, so large an j
amount of clothing remained on hand, that all
that the duartermaster General had asked for this |
item had been $101,000, and of that appropriation
only $18,000 had been expended. During the ad-
ministration of General Taylor, the uniform of
the Army had been changed, and a great deal of
this clothing had been rendered useless; and all
that could be done with it was to sell it the best
way they could This had rendered it necessary
that the Secretary of War should ask for the sum
he had mentioned, or he (Mr. B.) assured the
committee that the Army could not be clothed.
Ths question, therefore, for the committee to con-
sider was, Will you clothe and support your |
Army, or will you not? will you keep your '
troops, or will you not? According to the offi-
cial statement he held in his hand, the sum he had
moved to insert was absolutely requisite to pro-
vide the clothing of the Army. The cause that
operated to render a large appropriation for the
last year unnecessary was removed, and he there-
fore hoped that the committee would not consent
so far to reduce the appropriation for this item.
Indeed, he believed that if the Committee of
Ways and Means had been put in possession of
these facts, they would not have reduced the esti-
mates on this item as they had done.
Mr. BAYLY was desirous of explaining to the
committee upon what basis the Committee of 1
Ways and Means had proceeded in making this
and various other reductions. The Army of the
United States was now precisely the same as it
was at the last session of Congress. The expenses
for clothing, &c., for the Army in California and
Oregon had been decreased; in New Mexico and
Texas they had not been increased, and the com-
mittee had therefore determined that they would
recommend an appropriation for the coming year,
similar in amount to that appropriated last year.
The committee did not see any reason why they
should require more for the coming year, than
was required for the past. They did not under-
stand why an increase was demanded. No in-
perhaps dangerous ground upon which I tread.
No one can forget the scenes of 1840, when politi-
cal excitement, like a cloud, darkened the face of
the nation; and perhaps on no other subject was
misrepresentation greater, or delusion less.
The friends of the system were beaten, and
seem to have abandoned the contest in despair. I
have riot alluded to this subject for the purpose of
defending the recommendations of the Administra-
tion then in power,—they seem to have been given
up by their own friends,—my object being merely
to show why it is, that politicians have been slow
to stir this subject again. Nor do I wish to be un-
derstood as lecturing members upon their duties.
They understand them, and will perform them.
Nor is it my intention to assume that I am more
anxious to assume responsibility than others.
What I wish to do is simply to declare my con-
viction that it is within the line of our duty, and
expedient, that we should make other regulations
than those now existing. Nor have I time to show
the inadequacy of the present system, or the wis-
dom of that policy which gives to the'people at
large the greatest share of military knowledge.
The people of the United States consider them-
selves a favored and distinguished nation, enjoy-
ing advantages not possessed by others. '
in wealth, the arts and sciences, their claim to
superiority may not as yet be clearly established.
It is the liberty and happiness of the masses
which distinguish our institutions. To transmit
to posterity those liberties, is the only ambition
worthy of an American, and who can do most to
this end ought to be the only strife permitted to
grow up among us.
Not to expect wars and the necessity for collect-
ing together, as soldiers, large bodies of our people,
is a wild and fatal delusion. Those who believe or
! act otherwise are contradicted by the whole his-
j tory of mankind. Wars have existed alike in all
1 ages. The warjgod was enthroned in the temples
of the polished Greeks and Romans, and secured
his terrible sacrifices among the Indian tribes of
America. The God of the Jews was a God of
hosts and of battles, who rolled back an ocean
for his people's safety, and overwhelmed their
enemies by the returning wave—who often brought
conquering armies and pestilence to punish the
wicked.
To be ready to meet these unavoidable misfor-
tunes is the part of wisdom; to provide for the
common defence is the imperative duty of Con-
gress. This House, by a vote heretofore given,
has abandoned the system of fortifications. The
proper instruction of the militia should follow as a
necessary consequence. Our Military Academy
will receive but a small number of young men
who'desire military instructions. A proper distri-
bution of the books proposed in my amendment,
may prepare for your armies many gallant sol-
diers. It would be a document more sought
by the people than most of those now distribute
> by Congress at a far greater expense.
I [A message was received from the Senate by the
hands of Mr. Dickins, their Secretary, announ-
formation had been furnished the committee, such cing the fact that that body had concurred in the
as that which the honorable chairman of the Com- report of the Committee of Conference on the
mittee on Military Affairs had produced. He 1 disagreeing votes of the two Houses oh the bill of
(Mr. Bayly) freely confessed that, judging from ^the House (No. 434)_makmg appropriations for
the facts that the honorable gentleman [Mr. Burt] j the support of the Military Academy for the year
had submitted,the reduction that the committee * T "" ' *'
had proposed was probably too large.
Mr. BURT demanded tellers on his amendment.
Tellers were ordered,-and Messrs. Johnson of
Tennessee, and Morton appointed.
The question being taken, it was decided in the •
affirmative—ayes 63, noes 58. |
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SAVAGE moved to insert between lines |
twenty-five and twenty-six, "$60,000 for distribu- '
tion among the commissioned officers of the militia
of the United States, for a suitable and concise !
system of military tactics."
Mr. S. said: Mr. Chairman,I do not expect, in
the short time allotted me, to be able to present
but few of the many reasons that might be urged
in favor of my amendment. I can only hope to
brine the important subject of organizing, arming,
and disciplining the militia, as provided for in the !
sixteenth section of the first article of the Consti- ;
tution, before the House for its consideration,
without in any degree being responsible for its
action.
Nor am I at all ignorant of the doubtful, and :
ending "June 30, 1852, and recede from their
amendment to said bill disagreed to by the House
proposing to appropriate $12,000 for a riding
school.] 
Mr. SWEETSER was opposed to this amend-
ment, and to all amendments that might be offered
to the bill, and he desired to state his reasons. It
was in the recollection of every member of the
House that they had passed the civil and diplo-
matic bill, appropriating in the neighborhood of
twenty millions of dollars, through the Committee
of the Whole, and reported it back to the House in
about six hours and a half. That bill was passed
almost entirely without discussion and under the
fag. In the first place, after the bill had been de-
ated an hour and a half, the general debate was
cut off, and the House was brought to act under
the five minutes rule, and in the evening, after it
had been discussed a short time under that rule,
the five minutes rule was suspended, and if he was
not mistaken, no amendments were made to the
bill in Committee of the Whole. This bill was
based upon the estimates furnished by the ex-
ecutive branch of the Government, and therefore
