728
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 27,
all the responsibility attaching to these large ap-
propriations should be confined to the executive
branch of the Government and the committee that
reported them. He doubted not that the gentle-
men composing that committee had labored to re-
duce the appropriations asked for by the Depart-
ments, but it was strange that they should be
willing to take the responsibility of so doing, and
of forcing these bills through the House of Repre-
sentatives, without allowing time for their discus-
sion, in the manner that they had been heretofore
considered. He believed that there was no in-
stance in the history of this Government where
the civil and diplomatic bill had passed the
House of Representatives in less than ten or eleven
days. The gentlemen who composed the com-
mittee must, therefore, be prepared to take the
responsibility of surrendering their discretion into
the hands of the Executive. The House was
powerless in the matter. There was not a mem-
ber who must not feel that he was recreant to
the duty which he owed to his constituents and to
the country, in permitting these bills to be thus
summarily disposed of. The bill now under con-
sideration was a most important one; but let
it go, and let the responsibility be upon the*Ad-
ministration, aided by the Committee of Ways
and Means. He would throw no obstacles in the
way of these gentlemen, but they must take the
responsibility of these bills. He should oppose
this and every other amendment to the bill.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken on Mr. Savage's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. EWING moved to amend the above by
striking out $630,000 and inserting $1,260,000, in
lieu thereof.
The following paragraph in the bill was then
read, viz:
" For the regular supplies of the Quartermaster's Depart-
ment, consisting of fuel, forage in kind for the authorized
number of officers' hones, and for the hones, mules, and
oxen of the Quartermaster's Department at the several mil-
itary posts and stations, and the armies in the field, and for
the Dorses of the first and second regiments of dragoons, the
eiirht companies of light artillery, the regiment of mounted
riflemen, and the mounted infantry, of straw for soldiers'
bedding, and of- stationery, including company and other
blank books for the Army, certificates for discharged sol-
diers, blank forms for the Pay and Quartermaster's Depart-
ments, And for the printing of division and department
order* and army regulation*, $630,000."
' Mr. E. addressed the committee as follows!
This amendment will test the question between
the estimates of the War Department and the esti-
mates of the Committee of Ways and Means.
$1,260,000 is the estimate of the War Department;
§630,000 is the estimate of the Committee of Ways
and Means. The committee will perceive that this
item is for the regular supplies of the (Quarter-
master's Department, consisting of fuel, forage,
horses, mules, and oxen, at the several military
posts and stations, and the armies in the field, and
so forth. At the last session of Congress the ap-
propriation for this item was $850,000. Now we
nave added the mounted infantry in this sec-
tion, which makes the expenditure mount up to
$1,260,000, according to the estimates of the De-
partment. Now I would suggest, that unlessthat j
.amount is voted, that you diminish the regulaar
supplies one half. You are taking the horses !
wanted by the Government. You are actually dis- ■
mounting the artillery, for their horses will have
to be sola, and they cannot be used for the service j
of the country. It is, in fact, a disorganization of j
'the Army. The question involved in this item is, I
whether you will dismount the artillery and stop '
the supplies which furnish bedding and horses to !
the soldiers, and stationery for theuseof the troops, !
and for the publication of the Army regulations?
The whole existence of the Army depends upon j
this appropriation. If you knock off this $630,000, ;
a large portion of the troops must be dismounted, j
and many of the necessaries of life now furnished |
them, must be refused to them during the ensuing 1
. year. The great probability is, however, that you |
will find from the next report from the Secretary
of War, that this appropriation is absolutely neces-
sary, and that it will be made in the deficiencies
bill of next session. I admit that the expenses for
the support of the Army have grown immensely
hi°h. I admit that there may be abuses. There
never were large contracts for the provisions of
any army since the world began, where the abuses
were not very great. They always must be so.
No large institution, of any character, can be car-
ried on in any country, free or despotic, where
these appropriations will not be subject to frauds
and abuses. It follows as a natural consequence
of man's character. You must alter human char-
acter and human nature before it can be otherwise.
I wish, sir, to.enter my protest-against one of
the doctrines laid down here this morning by the
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs.] Sir, I
do not believe that the Government of the United
States can properly devolve upon California or
Oregon, or upon Texas or New Mexico, the de-
fence of the country. It is not a part of the con-
stitutional duty of this House or of Congress to
devolve upon States over whom we have no con-
trol, and whose citizens are not subject to our
orders, the defence of the country. How can you,
in the name of humanity towards the Indians lo-
cated in those States and Territories, devolve
upon the citizens of those States the right to make
war upon the Indians ?
[Here the Chairman's hammer fell.]
Mr. TOOMBS was opposed to the amend-
ment. The question was, Would Congress spend
money in supporting an Army in the most extrav-
agant, or in the most economical manner? The
estimates, according to the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, of the (Quartermaster General, were
$1,260,000 for this particular item; but it had ap-
peared to the committee, that such an expenditure
was much larger than need take place if the Army
were properly located, and economically sup-
f>orted. Instead of being quartered in expensive
ocalities, where their services were either not
requisite, or wholly inadequate, let them be gar-
risoned in the least expensive places, and at such
spots as that their services may be of some bene-
fit to the country. Troops were now quartered
n California, Oregon, and other localities where
they were wholly useless for the purpose of de-
fending those regions, and where provisions were
high, forage high, everything necessary for the
soldier's support and equipment was high; and
where the cost of transportation thither was an-
other and serious item of expense. Possibly, if
the soldiers were still to be located where they
were at present stationed, the (Quartermaster Gen-
eral's estimates would far exceed the actual ex-
pense that would be incurred under this item.
But there was no necessityfor this particular dis-
position of the troops. Thfey would be of more
service to the country iflocated at different points,
and the matter of economy would at the same
time be accomplished. As he had said, the
mounted men in New Mexico, and Texas, and in
California, were almost entirely useless, and were
a source of great expense to the country. The
people of Texas and California did not ask Con- :
gress for such means of defence; they were able-
bodied and strong men, and would defend them-
selves. They were desirous of doing so. They
did not require Government protection in this way,
but only required that Government should give
them the right to defend themselves. Let Gov-
ernment give them that right, and California, and
Texas, and New Mexico would not want money
or men. They would defend themselves better
against the Indians, and at less expense. They
had no right to defend themselves now: give them
that right, and they will be satisfied.
Mr. BOWLIN moved to amend Mr. Ewikc's
amendment, by striking out $] ,260,000 and insert-
ing $700,000.
Mr. B. said: I am opposed to the amendment
of the gentleman from Tennessee; for as I under-
stand it, it is a proposition based upon the esti-
mates of the Department for the mounted force in
the public service The amount proposed to be
appropriated in the bill is the amount estimated
by the committee that has reported it. That
amount I think, in all conscience, to be enough.
And here I beg to call attention to some of the
items of this appropriation, to show that the com-
mittee have, in all human probability, gone abun-
dantly far, in fixing these amounts. It must be
recollected thattheitem more especially under con-
sideration, covers an item to keep horses in New
Mexico, to which I beg to call the attention of the
committee. It appears to me that the appropria-
tion proposed for this item is much too large. And
if I undertake to show, and succeed in proving ,
that one of the principal items in this appropria- 1
tion is exaggerated in point of fact, then I conclude ; i
that the committee will agree with me that the ij
balance of the items in this branch of the appro-
priation ought to, must be distrusted.
Now, sir, what is the item for keeping horses
on the grass plots and meadows of New Mexico ?
Let gentlemen inquire what is the item of appro-
priation for this branch of the public service ?—for
the support of the horses of the Army in New
Mexico, a country of eternal and continued mead-
ow, where it costs literally nothing to keep horses.
In this country, where it costs at the most but
three dollars per month, the estimate made by the
Department is twenty dollars per month. I have
a constituent here who has served in Mexico, who
gives me the information on which I base my as-
sertions; and I have had intercourse with officers
who have served there also. The cost of keeping
horses in New Mexico is notoriously little, as also
in Texas and in California—all kinds of horse
provender being abundantly to be had; and yet
the estimates had been formed as if the cost would
be greater there than in any other part of the Uni-
ted States. If this item be any criterion by which
to judge of the correctness of the estimates of the
Department in relation to the cost of maintaining
the Army, then I think that the Committee of
Ways and Means have not reduced those estimates
too much. I think that the estimates furnished by
the committee are abundantly high, and ought not
to be increased.
Sir, it would seem as if we were extremely ig-
norant of our newly-conquered territories. Why,
even in California, where almost everythingis high,
the cheapest thing you can buy is grass—-the food
of horses is not dear; and it therefore appears
to me that we should not in any way increase the
appropriation proposed by the Committee-of Ways
and Means.
Mr. BURT. I am very greatly surprised, as I
am sure many other gentlemen here must have
been, at the remarks of the gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Bowlin.]
Mr CARTTER. I wish to inquire if 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
is not in order.
Mr. CARTTER. I rise to a question of order.
Is not the question before the committee on the
amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Ewing,] in opposition to which one speech
has already been made?
The CHAIRMAN. The question before the
committee is on the amendment proposed by the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Bowlin,] to the
amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. BURT. I nope that my friend from Ohio,
before he makes another interruption, will take
the trouble to understand what he rises for. I
was just saying that I am surprised at the state-
ment of the gentleman from Missouri about the
grass plains in New Mexico. Where are they ? I say
that every gentleman who knows anything of the
geography of New Mexico—and there are many
gentlemen in this city who we perfectly familiar
with it—knows it to be one elevated plain inter-
sected by a few streams, with deep ravines. Well,
now, as to these grass plains, such a thing is
wholly uilheard-of there. There is some grass on
the mountain tops thirty or forty miles from Santa
Fe, where the sheep of New Mexico are raided;
but in the residue of the country, as we learn from
official reports, nothing will grow except by irri-
gation. As far as I know, it is one Of the most
sterile countries on this continent, and in my
opinion one of the most unfortunate and desolate
on the face of God's earth. There is a valley in
New Mexico occupied by the Pueblo Indians,
where they produce their wheat and corn, but it is
produced by means of irrigation. And with great
respect for the gentleman from Missouri, know-
ing these facts, I cannot withhold my surprise at
the statement which he has made with regard to
the geography and productions of that country.
This estimate for forage in New Mexico is based
upon the prices which are given in a paper which
a hold in my hand. Corn costs one, two, and
three dollars per bushel. I assure the committee
that I firmly believe this to be a true statement.
Mr. TOOMBS here interposed, and made a sug-
gestion which was very indistinctly heard. Th®
"Reporter understood him to say that it was stated
in an official report that corn could be got in New
Mexico for seventy-five cents or one dollar per
bushel. , j.-
Mr. BURT. The price may be different at dif-
ferent points. I can say, however, that these
