1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
729
estimates are founded upon the best information
in the Quartermaster's Department. I trust, sir,
that the committee vill make this item a test ques-
tion in reference to this bill. I do not wish to be
vexing this committee or worrying myself. If
these estimates are to be cut down in the dark, as
the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] said,
why, let them go. I have not a relative or friend
in the Army. I am, perhaps, as disinterested in
relation to the Army as perhaps any gentleman
here. 1 have no motive except the public interest;
none whatever. I hope, therefore, that we shaH
have a test vote upon this item; and if the vote is
against me, as it is the duty of a military man to
surrender when he is beaten, I assure the commit-
tee that I shall do it, and let the consequences de-
volve upon those who are responsible for it.
Mr. BOWLIN, by unanimous consent, then
withdrew his amendment to the amendment.
Mr. BAYLY moved to amend Mr. Ewing's
amendment by striking out $1,260,000 and insert-
ing in lieu thereof the sum of $800,000. Mr. B.
said: I have made considerable inquiries into the
management of the Quartermaster s Department,
and perhaps know as much about it as most gen-
tlemen on this committee. I can tell the com-
mittee, and through it the country, how it is that
these enormous prices are sometimes given for
supplies—prices entirely above the market price.
Whenever an assistant quartermaster is called upon
to furnish supplies for the Army, at any given
point, he is always advised a week at least pre-
viously that such a requisition will be made. Well,
sir, it has occurred—it might have occurred in the
city of New Orleans—that an assistant quarter-
master received a notice about a week previously to
the time the supplies were required, that he would
be required to furnish one thousand barrels of pork.
At the time that he received this letter of advice
pork was $10 per barrel, and he went and made
private arrangements with persons having supplies .
of that sort, to be supplied with pork at that price.
It is made known that in a short time there will
be a call upon that market for the Quartermaster's
Department. Those who have made this private
arrangement with the assistant quartermaster,
buy tip all the pork they can ind m the market,
and the consequence is, that by the time the day
arrives at which the purchase is to be made, the
price of pork is Raised to #13, or perhaps to $15
per barrel. The purchase of the pork is made,
in pursuance of the arrangement made on the
day, and to verify the charge of £15, that is made,
the prices in the market, thus artificially produced,
were quoted in the return sent to the Quarter-
master s Department; and thus the assistant quar-
termaster acounted for pork at $15 that a few days
before was brought by him in the market at $10.
So the assistant quartermaster, of course, pock-
eted the balance. Such things have occurred.
Again, in the Mexican war, an order has been
known to be given to an assistant quartermaster
for the purchase of one thousand horses. He goes >
among the drovers who may have a large number
of horses for sale, some at $200 each, others at $40
or $50 each. Well, he says to them, I cannot go
into an estimate of the value of your horses; I will
take the whole lot at $75 each. He will then sell
on his own account all the best horses worth more !
than the average, and buy another lot in the same
manner as the former, selling the best horses again, '
and repeating the operation again and again, until
he has obtained the required number, not one of;
which by this species of bartering has really cost
him the sum of $75, the sum he charges to and ;
gets from the Department. I say such cases as ;
these have occurred, to say nothing of the enor- i
mous profit he has made in selling those above the
average; and they serve to show the manner in
which the extravagant expenditures that are com-,
Mr. HOWARD. Well, sir, is that a sufficient
argument against the amendment of my friend
from Tennessee? Do one thing or the other.
Either pay and feed your forces or disband them
altogether. But do not keep them in your service
and starve them.
Mr. BAYLY. No one knows better than my
friend from Texas that I did not offer this amend-
ment with a view that it should be carried, but
simply for the purpose of making a few remarks.
Mr. HOWARD. I am not speaking of the
amendment of the gentleman from Virginia.
Now, sir, I know that during the Mexican war
there were many enormous abuses in the contract
department of the Army of the United States. But
I know, also, that one of my own constituents broke
himself by undertaking a contract for less than the
market price. And it is frequently the case, that
persons who are anxious to get these contracts
: because they are large transactions, in. conse-
quence of the competition take them at the mar-
; ket price, and lose money by them. There may
; be "abuses. There may sometimes be collusion
; between the officers and contractors, but 1 think
t that such cases are rare. It is not a general thing.
On the contrary, I believe that so far as these con-
tracts have come under my notice since the Army
has been in Texas, they nave been average con-
tracts.
Mr. BAYLY then, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. JOHN A. KING moved a pro forma
amendment, and addressed the committee as fol-
; lows: I desire to say a few words in reply to
| what has fallen from the chairman of the Com-
i mittee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Batlt,] and
also from the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
i Bowliv.] I do not mean to stand here as the de-
fender of
miles per day? When do you suppose they would
catch them ? Why, the honorable gentleman must
know little or nothing of the service upon the
frontier. If he does he must know, that to be of
service the troops must be unencumbered with
baggage of any kind, must camp out in the woods,
and must travel at their greatest speed until the In-
dians are caught.
The gentleman has said a good deal about the
fear that he entertains that the horses could not
be supported, if the appropriation for forage wera
not made as asked for. W hat does the gentleman
suppose the horses of the Camanches feed on?
What do they get but grass ? And yet I have to
learn that the horses of the Camanche Indians are
any abuse, or to repel any particular
lar branch of tne
I by the rep
lilitary Affairs and the
of the Secretary of War, and to oppose the re-
charge against any particular branch of tne Arm
lay
Committee on Milita
_ _ ny-
I_am here to-day to stand by the report of the
Affairs and the estimates
plained of,-more especially in the Quartermaster's
Department, have been occasioned. !
Mr. HOWARD said: It is quite easy to make
statements upon mere rumor, but it seems to me
that the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, when he comes forward and proposes to 1
reduce the Army estimates, ought to have some
detailed information of an authoritative character,
and that he ought not to be striking at these esti-
mates altogether in the dark.
Mr. BAYLY. I will inform the gentleman
from Texas that for months we called upon the j
Department for a statement, and the reply was,,
that there was none to b« made. 1
duction which is proposed by the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means. I agree with
the chairman of the Military Committee, [Mr.
Burt,] that the vote upon this question is a test
vote, whether you will maintain your Army in its
efficiency, or whether you will to-day strike down
that efficiency, and say that it shall in future be
an ill-digested, ill-fed, ill-clothed body, incapable
for the protection of your frontier and for the
proper fulfillment of your treaty obligations. And
I would as soon as that the question should be
taken now, as at any other time.
I want now to ask my friend from Missouri,
[Mr. Bowlin,] Who talks about feeding the horses
, of the Army upon grass, what sort of power would
there be in a cavalry horse fed upon grass ? Why,
sir, a cavalry horse must be like his master, when
in the Indian country, ready for the foray at a
moment's notice. He cannot be turned out to
grass. He must be fed upon corn and oats, and
be kept ready for service at a moment's notice.
It is a false estimate to suppose that your cavalry
horses can be fed upon grass. Last year the ap-'
propriation for this item was upwards of $800,000,
and since then the number of mounted troops in
the Army has been increased, which is a Sufficient |
reason why this appropriation should not be cur-
tailed.
There is another pdint in this matter which I
wish to bring to the attention of the committee, j
It is this: the moment you decide that your Army
shall not be efficient, the moment yon refuse to
keep up an efficient force upon your frontier, that
moment the question of indemnity arises for the j
non-fulfillment of your treaty obligations. You
have to decidebetween protecting your frontier and |
paying indemnity for the nonfulfillment of your 1
treaty with Mexico. j
[Here the hammer fell.] i
Mr. HALL said: 1 should like the gentleman
from New York [Mr. J. A. Kino] to inform the
committee how troops in actual service could j
transport with them forage for their homes? Will !
he also inform the committe what the horses of;
the troops in service usually do eat?—whether 1
they ever get much, when on the march, besides
not as good and as enduring as our own. I tell
the gentleman, that the greater part of New Mex-
ico, west of the Rio del Norte, is the best grazing
i country in the world. No doubt in parts of New
Mexico, where the troops have no business to be,
the grazing may be indifferent; but in the plains,
down among the Indians, where the Indians live
and hunt, there is abundance of grass; and if the
Indian horses can live upon grass, so can the
American horses.
Now, sir, I say that so far as the estimates of
the Department for the supply of forage to th*
troops in New Mexico are concerned, they are
wrong * J ' 1
thus r
Mexicoj
is enormously large, and I think unwarrantable.
There is no country in the world so well supplied
with grazing pastures as New Mexico, ana why
the troops of this Government should not feed
their horses on the same commodity as the Indians
do theirs, I cannot conceive.
Mr. JOHN A. KING, by general consent,
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. SACKETT moved a pro./i>rma amendment,
which he afterwards withdrew.
Mr. S. said he was not about to enter into any
elaborate remarks upon the bill in particular, but
he waB desirous of making a few remarks in rela-
tion to the statements the gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Toombs] had made in reference to the Quar-
termaster's Department. That gentleman had
shown that at a certain period, not very remote,
the expenses in that Department for each soldiet
in the Army had not exceeded $404; whilst the
estimate made under the same head by the De-
partment, was at the rate of $900 and upwards
per man. Since that period, the Army had not
been materially increased; and the only expense
that appears to have been augmented is that ii*-
i curred by the transportation of troops. There
were about ten thousand men in die Army, about
three thousand nine hundred of whom Were en-
gaged in service on the borders. It was a well-
( known feet that every soldier consumed about
' seven hundred pounds of food per year, and the
cost of transportation, at the rate that had been
mentioned by the chairman of the committee,
j would make the expenses of the Army, at the
I present time, somewhere about $293,500 for this
i particular item of appropriation.
| Mr. BURT said that he
j gentleman from New York, who hadjusta
I the committee. It appeared to him that that glen-
tleman had not touched the issue between them at
| all. With entire respect, he said that it appeared
! to him that the gentleman had endeavored to show
! that the estimates that he (Mr. B.) had submitted
j were false by a circuitous course of reasoning.
: The cost of transportation of soldiers was much
! larger than the gentleman from New York had
; allowed for. The transportation of a soldier to Ore-
gon costs $190; to California $120; to NewMex-
, ico #90; and to some parts of Texas $80. Again
i he appeared entirely to have omitted the price of
I forage for horses. At some posts the soldier had
«id to him $3 per month, for the -forage of his
orse, a statement which he (Mr. B.) made on
the authority of the official reports, beyond which
neither he nor the gentleman from New York had
any means of judging. He thought that in making
estimates, we should avoid carefully taking too
partial views of the subject.
Mr. SACKETT. The'cost of forage per month
he desired to reply to the
ljustaddnisssd
T
hi
grass? Would it not be a beautiful spectacle for ; is to be calculated for three thousand nine hundred
a company of dragoons, in full pursuit of the
Camanches, (who it is known travel fifty or sixty
miles per day,) encumbered with wagons con-
taining forage for their horses, traveling about-ten
iitait
! | Mr. BURT assured the gentleman from New
York that he had made no discovery. All these
, things were as well Understood at the Department
