780
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBJ2.
Feb. 27,
Ml that two and two made four. He could furnish
the gentleman, if he desired, with an accurate
statement of the nature of the soldier's rations; the
forage of the horses; the quantity allowed to each
per aay; the cost of the maintenance of the soldier
every day. The effect ofthe honorablegentleman's
[Mr. Sackrtt] argument was that the estimates
were not to be trusted, and that the War Depart-
ment wao infested with men who gave false esti-
mates. The gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Toombs,] in arguing-this point, had taken,higher
ground; not that the estimates were false and arti-
ficial, but that the expenditures they were intended
to meet might be reduced; not that the calculations
of expenses incurred were inaccurate, but that
the expenses themselves were larger than he
thought that the necessities ofthecountry required
they should be. With respect to the matter of
forage, he might say that no part of the last war
was in the prairie country, and that wood was,
and is now, where the troopsare required to serve,
exceedingly high. He had no interest in the
matter at all, but he wished the really necessary
expenses of the Department to be provided for.
This was a really necessary item, and if it were
reduced, then he thought that the War Depart-
ment ought to resign, and the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs also.
Mr. JONES moved to amend the amendment
by striking out " $1,260,000," and inserting
" £600,000" instead thereof.
Mr. J. said, ihe gentleman from Texas' said, if
he understood him rightly, that the Committee of
Ways and Means were groping their way in the
dark, in reducing the estimates to one half of what
the (Quartermaster General made them.
Mr. HOWARD. I did say so in reference to
the amendment of the Committee of Ways and
Means; and if the gentleman has any facts, any
estimates, any details, showing how he can save
the amount proposed to be saved, and stdl keep
up the service at its present point, I should like
him to produce them.
Mr. JONES. Mr. Chairman, the Quarter-
master General of the United States has been cer-
tainly a very gallant officer, and lias done the
State some service; but it does seem to me that
his theatre is in the field, and not as a financier.
Now, I call the attention of the gentleman from
Texas, and of the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs, to the statement of the Quarter-
master General, and see if he does not grope his
way in the dark. I hold in my hand the esti-
mates of the War Department at the commence-
ment of this session, and amongst those estimates
is the estimate of the Quartermaster General for
the year ending the 30th June, 1852. He gives
us in round numbers, for the transportation of
troops and supplies, $2,000,000. He gives us,
for stores, horses, and so forth, $800,000; for the
mileage of officers of the Armv, $120,000; and he
adds up all these round numbered estimates, and
says: " Total estimates of the Cluartermaster's
Department, $4,750,000." That is the estimate
submitted on the 4th of November, 1850. On the
11th day of November, 1850, just seven days af-
ter he had made the round numbered estimate, he
sends to the Secretary of the Treasury a report,
in tables, to enable.the Secretary of the Treasury
to show what is the cost of the war establishment*
of the country, and what the amount of increase
in the Quartermaster's Department; and upon that i
report, he tells us that the estimated expenditure
for the Quartermaster's Department for the year
ending the 30th June, 1852, is $4,992,538 65. In
this statement he is very particular in going into
not only fractions of hundreds of dollars, but into
fractions of a dollar, and making this estimate for
the year 1852 $242,538 65 more than he made it
upon the 4th day of the same month, just seven
days before. Now, he must have got a different
set of officers to make this estimate, or he must
have made it from a different set of books, or upon
a different basis of the expenses of the Quarter-
master's Department. I say, that this difference
in two estimates by the Quartermaster General,
only seven days apart, is sufficient to throw dis-
trust upon his .estimates; and if he will not fur-
nish—as the Committee of Ways and Means
ealled upon him to do—more correct estimates,
we are justifiable, and this House will be justifi-
able, in reducing them.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BURT. I feel it my duty to say a few
words in reply to the honorable gentleman from
Tennessee, who supposes that because the Quar-
termaster General furnished estimates in round
numbers, he has no detailed statement on which
those estimates are founded. Now, I can assure
him, that he not only does the Quartermaster great
injustice, but I think that he must see himself that
the statement which he makes is unjust to that of-
ficer. How could he say that so much would be
necessary unless he had estimates? He has esti- ;
mates for each particular post, for each horse, for
every soldier, and for everything. Many of them
I have here, and I am only sorry that the gentle-
man from Tennessee did not turn his attention to
the subject, and investigate it, for if he had, he
would not have felt called upon to make the re-
marks which he has done. The gentleman seems
to suppose that the Quartermaster General is dis-
credited, because he sends in an estimate on one
day, and seven days afterwards sends in another
estimate, some $200,000 larger. Why, sir, was it
not unkind, to say the least of it, to make such a
remark as that, in reference to a respectable offi-
cer of this Government? Does not the gentleman
from Tennessee know—who is there here who
does not know—that the accounts of officers at dis-
tant stations are continually coming in, and that
the estimate would thus be increased ? That is the
whole matter. Why, I declare, sir, that gentle-
men are becoming almost insane, in relation to this
matter of Army estimates.
Mr. JONES here, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment to the amendment.
Mr. MARSHALL moved (pro forma) to strike
out $1,260,000, and insert $631,000. I desire to
submit a few remarks as indicative of the views I
entertain on this subject. I regard the estimates .
from the Quartermaster General's office as enor-
mous and inadmissible, yet I do not impeach their
accuracy. The manner in which the wants of the
Army are supplied must be duly considered.
The Commanding General has the Adjutant
General, the Quartermaster General, and the Com-
missary General as heads of a staff to superintend
the affairs of the Army. When the distribution
of the forces is determined upon by the Command-
ing General, there remains no power to the staff
officers, but to make the estimates accordingly.
Now, the strength of the Army being known, tlie
Commissary General has a very simple duty to
perform. The law of the land establishes the ra-
tion, and dictates the component parts thereof, to
wit: so much beef, or so much pork, &c., so much
bread or flour, including soap, candles, vinegar,
sugar, and coffee. These are allowed in stipulated
quantities to officers and men, the quantities being
declared by law. The Commissary General must
render his estimates for so much of these rations
as will supply the number of men in service, and ,
his calculation is a simple sum of multiplication,
the only changeable quantity in the matter being !
the market price of the articles to be purchased.
When the Quartermaster General obtains from
the Adjutant General the number of men, and
points at which they are to be posted, his duty is to
• provide the means of supplying them at those
points with the rations, clothing, and forage to
which they are by law entitled. He estimates ac-
cordingly. If the sum demanded for transportation
is excessive, the corrective is in the hands of this
House; but the point to which we must direct our
attention is the distribution of the forces. I am not
prepared to say that the estimates for forage are
too high, or the calculation for transportation ex-
cessive, provided the demand is to continue for ten
thousand animals to draw supplies to all the points at
which the forces are placed; but I am prepared to
vote against the allowance, because I consider the
distribution of the forces inadequate to the defence
of the frontiers, and most unnecessarily onerous
upon the Treasury.
I perceive from the reports that eight companies 1
of dragoons are distributed over about as much
territory as would be comprised by the area of
Kentucky, Tennessee, and Mississippi; that this
force is in detachments, at stations more than a
hundred and fifty miles from each other, and there-
fore utterly useless to the people whom they are
sent to defend.
We have a company at Corpus Christi, another
at San Patricio—twenty-five miles apart,according
to my recollection; we have a force at Point Isa-
bel, another opposite Matamoros, seventeen miles I
apart. The population of Brownsville is strong J
[ enough to defend that town, or to punish any
i marauding force that may infest the vicinity. The
j next post is at Davis's Rancho, more than one
hundred andfifty miles from Matamoros, thecoun-
, tiy between them being entirely open to inroads
; of an enemy. So it is, we have posts at Laredo,
| Presidio, &c., up to El Paso, and a line across
Texas, from the Rio Grande to the forks of the
Trinity. If any one is curious to ascertain the
distances to be traveled in order to supply all this
line of posts, he may satisfy himself by an exam-
ination of the reconnoisances already made by our
officers, and reported to Congress. 1 have only
to remark, that the effect of keeping up such lines
is to exhibit ourselves as unequal to the task of com-
plying with our treaties, because the most ignorant
Mexican will see that we do not present at any
point a sufficient guard, and it is burdensome to
the Treasury, because the line is so extended as to
require these immense expenditures.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. McLANE,of Maryland, said that he was
opposed to the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Kentucky, who had just resumed his seat. He
was in favor of the estimates as reported by the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means in
the bill itself. So far as the expenditure incurred was
really demanded by the necessities of Government,
he was quite willing to make all needful appropria-
tions; but it did not appear that there was any
just cause for the increased estimates, nor that the
Army, as established by law, required this increase
of appropriation to support it.
With respect to what had been said in reference
to the defence of the frontiers, and the necessity
that existed for the raising of two additional regi-
ments of cavalry, he would remark, that it ap-
| peared to him that a cavalry force was not the best
| fitted for the defence of the frontier. Two regi-
I ments of light infantry, he thought, would be a
; far more efficient defence. Cavalry, on an average,
| could not travel above twenty or thirty miles per
day, whereas light infantry had frequently gone
forty and fifty miles in a day. The expense of
maintaining such a force would not exceed one
. half that of maintaining the two regiments of cav-
alry asked for. This was a plan which, in his
judgment, was much preferable to any other that
j had been presented.
The hour of half past three o'clock having ar-
i rived, the committee took a recess until six o 'clock.
PETITIONS, &.c.
The following petitions, memorials, fcc., were presented
under the rule, and referred to appropriate committees:
By Mr. MATTESON: The petition of John S. Peck-
ham, Richard Lee, John Lennebacker, George Curtis*,
Ward Hunt, Lewis Lawrence, C. H. Doolittle, John E.
Hininan, Charles A. Mann, Jesse Thornton, Wesley Bai-
ley, Alexander Rae, George Tracy, James Sayre, William
C. Wilcox, Harry Bushnell, J. C. Shippey, and 60 others,
citizens of Attica, Oneida county. New York, in favor of
essential modifications or repeal of the fugitive slave bill.
Also, the petition of Thomas P. Bishop, and 343 citizens
■ of Cazenovia, Madison county, New York, for the repeal
I of the fugitive slave bill.
' By Mr. CABELL, of Florida: The petition of Jno. But-
ler and others, citizens of Florida, residing near the Pensa-
cola navy-yard, praying that certain lots ofthe public lands
in the vicinity of said navy-yard may be sold to actual occu-
pants.
I By Mr. ANDREWS : The petition of the 'deputy mar-
shal of Essex county, New York, and one of the deputy
marshals of Washington county, and divers others citizens
of both counties, asking for extra compensation to deputy
marshals.
By Mr. HENRY: Resolutions of the Legislature of the
State of Vermont in favor of the tariff.
Also, resolutions of the same, recommending a Peace
Congress.
Also, resolutions of the same, on the subject of slavery.
By Mr. DURKEE : The petition of A. E. Elmore and
129 others, of the town of Mukwonego, Wisconsin, pray-
ing for the immediate abolition of the fugitive slave law,
passed the last session of Congress, for the reason that it
is unjust, pernicious, and contrary to the spirit of the Con-
stitution.
By Mr. BENNETT: The petition of 47 electors of Pool-
ville, Madison county. New York, for the repeal of the
fugitive slave law.
Also, four petitions of 104 citizens of said county, for the
same.
By Mr. WALDEN: The petition of D. M. Webster, as-
sistant marshal, and other citizens of Schoharie county,
New York, praying that the compensation allowed to assist-
ant marshals by the act of May 23, 1850, for taking the
seventh census, may be increased.
EVENING SESSION.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
At six o'clock the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union resumed its session, (Mr.
Boid in the chair.)
