1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
731
The CHAIRMAN stated that the question
pending was on the amendment of Mr. Marshall,
to strike out §1,260,000, and insert $631,000, for
supplies for the Quartermaster's Department.
On a division, it was ascertained that there was
no quorum present; and,
On motion by Mr. CLEVELAND, the com-
mittee then rose, and the Speaker having resumed
the chair, its chairman reported the fact that the
committee had found itself without a quorum.
On motion by Mr. TAYLOR, by unanimous
consent,
Ordered. That leave be granted for the withdrawal from
The files of the House of the petition and papers of Sainnel
Reed, tor the purpose of reference to one of the Depart-
ments.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, by unani-
mous consent, from the committee of conference
on the part of the House on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the amendment of the Sen-
ate to the bill of the House, 434, making appro-
priations for the support of the Military Academy
for the year ending June 30, 1852, reported that
the committee had agreed to recommend that the
Senate recede from their said amendment.
Ordered, That the said report be concurred in, and that
the Clerk inform the Senate thereof..
On motion by Mr. BRIGGS, a call of the House
■was ordered, and had been partially executed,
when, a quorum appearing,
On motion by Mr. THOMPSON, of Missis-
sippi, all further proceedings on the call were dis-
pensed with.
LOUIS KOSSUTH AND ASSOCIATES.
Mr . McCLERNAND asked the unanimous
consent of the House to move to take up from the
Speaker's table, for the purpose of putting it on its
passage, the resolution of the Senate for the relief
of Louis Kossuth and his associates, exiles from
Hungary, which authorizes the President of the
United States to employ some one of the public
vessels in the Mediterranean to receive and convey
to this country Louis Kossuth and his associates
in captivity.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, objected.
Mr. McCLERNAND moved to suspend the
rules in order that the resolution might be taken
up and disposed of.
Mr. HALL inquired if it would be in order to
move an amendmentto the resolution ? There were
some of our own people in California, who would
like to come home.
TheSPEAKERsaid, the resolution was not yet
before the House, and no amendment could be in
order unless the rules were suspended to bring it
before the House.
Mr. TOOMBS hoped the House would attend
to their own country first. ]
Mr. BURT demanded the yeas and nays, on
the motion to suspend; they were ordered, and
being taken, were—yeas 91, nays 50—as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Alston, Andrews,
Bayly, Beale, Bennett, Bissell, Bokee, Briggs, Brisbin,
Brooks, Albert G. Brown, William J. Brown, Buel, Bal-
lard, Burrows, Butler, Cartter, Casey, Chandler, Clarke,
Cleveland, Clingman, Cole, Conger, Corwin, Banner, De- :
berry, Dickey, Dimroick, Doty, Duncan, Durkee, Alexander
Evans, Nathan Evans, Freedley, Giddings, Gorman, Gott,
Hallow-ay, Hay, Hebard, Hibbard, Howe, Julian, James G. 1
Kins, John A. King, La S£re, Levin, Horace Mann, Job
Mann, Marshall, Matteson, McCleruand, McKissock, R. j
M. McLane, Meade, John K. Miller, Moore, Morris, Mer- 1
rison, Morton, Nelson, Phoenix, Putnam, Reed, Richardson,
Risley, Robbins, Robinson, Rose, Sackett, Sawtt-lle,
Schenck, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Silvester, Spaulding,
Sprague, Frederick P. Stanton, Thaddeua Stevens,
Sweetser, Taylor, Thurman, Tuck, Underhill, Waldo, |
Walk ins, White, and Whittlesey—91.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Ashmun, Averett, Bingham, j
Boyd, Burt, Joseph Cable, George A. Caldwell, Joseph P.
Caldwell, W. R. W. Cobb, Colcock, Dixon, Eliot, Ewing,
Featherston, Fitch, Fuller, Grinnell, Hall, Hammond,
Haralson, Ishara G. Harris, Haymond, Henry, Hilliard,
Holladay, Howard, Joseph W. Jackson, Littlefield, Mc-
Lanahan, McQueen, McWillie, Millson, Morehead, Otis, :
Parker, Peaslee, Phelps, Powell, Savage, Shepperd, Alex-
ander H. Stephens, Stetson, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, j
Toombs, Vinton, Wallace, Williams, and Woodward—50. !
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative) the |
roles were not suspended. •
Mr. BAYLY moved that the rules be suspend- !
ed, and the House resolve itself into Committee of i
the Wholeon the state of the Union. |
INDIGENT INSANE.
Mr. BISSELL gave notiee that he should to-
morrow move to suspend the rules for the purpose
of taking up a Senate bill appropriating land for
the relief of the indigent insane.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The motion of Mr. Batlt then prevailed, and
| the House resolved itself into Committee of the
1 Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Botd in
I the .chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
[ bill making appropriation for the support of the
! Army for the year ending 30th June, 1852; the
pending questions being on the amendment of Mr.
' Ewing to increase the sum of $630,000 appropri-
i ated for the regular supplies of the Quartermas-
i ter's Department, consisting of fuel, forage, &c.,
' to $1,260,000; and Mr. Marshall's amendment
to reduce that sum to $631,000.
Mr. CARTTER asked if it would be in order
i to speak in opposition to the amendment ?
The CHAIRMAN replied in the negative.
| The question was then taken, and the amend-
I ment to the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. CARTTER then moved an amendment
pro forma.
J Mr. C. said: The honorable chairman of the
! Committee on Military Affairs, and three of my
colleagues on that committee, have presented to the
Committee of the Whole their views as to the ne-
cessity of making military appropriations corre-
sponding with the demands of that Department.
Instead of taking the recommendations of the
Committee of Ways and Means, the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. John A. King,] probably
by mistake, in the course of his remarks said he
should sustain the report of the Committee on
Military Affairs and vote for that amendment.
Mr. JOHN A. KING. I wish to say, that as
a member of the Military Committee I go for the
estimates of the War Department and against the
appropriations of the Committee of Ways and
Means. That is the ground which I proposed to
take, and this is all 1 have to say.
Mr. CARTTER. Then I am in an error. I
suppose the gentleman in the hurry of debate
made the mistake.
The subject has never been broached in the
Committee on Military Affairs, and that commit-
tee have never authorized any report to be made,
to my knowledge.
Mr. EWlNGr. The Committee on Military
Affairs have certainly never voted upon the sub-
ject, nor did they feel that it properly came within
the range of their duty to do so, although I will say,
that it was fully discussed in bur committee.
Mr. CARTTER. The only expression of sen-
timent in our committee touching tne subject was,
that the appropriation was enormous—that the
appropriation was an outrage. This was the only
sentiment that I ever heard expressed in any discus-
sion in the Military Committee in reference to it.
I recollect very well that the chairman of that com-
mittee [Mr. Burt] expressed his hope and his faith
that the estimates might be reduced without in-
justice to the Army. 1 never was more surprised
in my life than to find the members of that com-
mittee coming in here, and demanding to override
the report of the Committee of Ways and Means.
Since the adjournment of that committee I have
taken a little pains to inquire into the resources-of
New Mexico for sustaining a cavalry force. I
have inquired of the head of that bureau, and
I find they know little more about it than if they
were not connected with it. But I have learned
from a military gentleman who has just come from
the field, and who has been in command of a cav-
alry force there, that there is no point in New Mex-
ico where a cavalry force cannot be sustained for
effective service—that there is an abundance of
food. He gives a history of his own force as
having, at all seasons of the year, grazed their
horses upon those pastures, which he describes as
most abundant, and pervading the whole, or nearly
the whole, surface of that country. I allude to
Colonel May He laughs at the idea of your get-
ting up here this humbug about forage for your
horses. He says that not a cavalry soldier in
that service, after they had been there three weeks,
bought a lock of hay, or any article of forage for
their horses.
Mr. BURT said: Mr. Chairman, I regret that
I should deem it necessary to say one word more
on this subject. I assure the committee that I do
not wish to be troublesome. I am sorry the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Cartter] has thought
proper to say anything in relation to what occurred
in the Committee on Military Affairs. Now, in
reference to this matter, I think every member of
that committee will sustain me in saying that the
whole business of investigating into the estimates
of the War Department was confided to myself.
Upon my own motion, in the month of Decem-
ber, I gave direction to the bureaus to prepare such
tabular statements as were wanted by our com-
mittee. We did not get them until some time in
January.
Mr. CARTTER, (interrupting.) I beg my
friend from South Carolina will allow me to say,
that I should not have referred to anything which
occurred in the Committee on Military Affairs if I
had not understood the gentleman from New York
[Mr. John A. King] as alluding to a report from
that committee.
Mr. BURT, (resuming.) I then brought these
statements to the attention of the committee. I
expressed the opinion, that although these expenses
were very great, so much so as to arrest the atten-
tion of everybody, yet from the annual report of
the Quartermaster General, and from all the other
information 1 could get, I was satisfied the ex-
penses proceed from the mal-administration of
that Department somewhere. I said to the com-
mittee that I could not advise them what to do;
you may apply the knife and cut off this limb or
that limb, but you cannot say that in the applica-
tion of the legislative knife you will not cut off
some vital part, as well as an unsound limb. The
committee acquiesced generously in the opinions
which I expressed to them.
Now, as to the statements which the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Cartter] makes, I desire
to know if the gentleman from Ohio is authorized
by Colonel May to say that these estimates
from the War Department were false ? 1 desire to
know i£ any officer in the Army would venture to
authorize a member of this House to say that
there is a single false statement in the estimates of
this Department? If he does, the Secretary of
War ought, as a matter of self-respect, to have the
matter investigated before a military commission.
But I do not understand the gentleman from Ohio
to make an assertion of that sort. I only under-
stand him to say that feed is abffndant in that
country. Well, who has said that provender
could not be obtained? The question is nut
whether forage for the horses can b? obtained, but
it is on the price which must be paid for that for-
age. I would like to see Colonel May, or anybody
else, prove that the prices are less than those spe-
cified in these estimates. Sir, I make no state-
ment here without first having investigated the
matter to which the statement refers. I make no
statement to this House without official authority,
j I will make no other, and I do not think any gen-
! tleman ought to make any other. It is calculated
to' mislead. It is calculated to throw imputations
I upon officers who are as respectable, as gallant,
j and veracious as Colonel May or anybody else.
Mr. CARTTER, by unanimous consen^ with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. TOOMBS moved to amend the amendment
by reducing the amount to $700,000.
Mr. T. said: The honorable gentleman—the
! chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs—
had spoken against the estimates recommended by
the Committee of Ways and Means, upon the
ground that they were not in accordance with the
estimates of the Department. He did not ac-
knowledge the force of any such argument. He
wanted no such royalty here. This House were
the representatives of the people, whose duty it
was to retrench the extravagance of the Govern-
ment, if extravagance existed. If the estimates of
the Department were too large, as he believed they
were, it was the duty of the House to retrench
them.
The gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Burt]
had said that he wanted to make this item a test
question, but he (Mr. T.) said if it was to be made
a test, he wished the House to understand upon
what was to be the test. The Committee of Ways
and Means had struck down the estimates of the
Department for the expenses of the mounted regi-
ments, for fuel, for straw, and for stationery, about
one half. He considered this a fair estimate.
Horses could be obtained on this side of the moun-
tains for from $30 to 440 each, the cost of forage
was very small; and he believed in all these items
the Committee of Ways and Means had made a
i fair estimate. The gentleman from South Cnro-
