1851.
THE CONGRB3SIONAL GLOWS.
733
Bix.1 According to the practice adopted by this"
House, the gentleman from Connecticut [Mr.
Clitbland] is in order.
Mr. CABELL. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair.
The question then being, Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the committee?
It was taken and carried in the affirmative.
Mr. CLEVELAND (resuming.) I wish to say,
Mr. Chairman, that if 1 understood the question
which is submitted to this committee, it is this:
whether this House have the right to inquire into
the estimates by the heads of the Departments or
the bureaus. 1 understand that to be the naked
question presented here. I understand that gen-
tlemen who appear here to defend the adoption of
the estimates of the bureaus, put it upon the ground
that we have no authority to go beyond or fall
short of the estimates made by the Department.
Now, if this is true, let me suppose a case. Sup-
pose this systeitl continued until the country be- 1
came alarmed. The appropriations for the War j
Department are increased from five to ten mil- ;
lions. The country becomes alarmed, as they
see that the Administration is spending, instead of ,
thirty millions annually, sixty millions. I ask
rou, what remedy is there under this doctrine? i
ask you what remedy—what power, is left
in the hands of the people to correct this error ?
Why the people at home would think that they
had a remedy by sending their representatives
here, who could control the purse of the nation.
But when they get here, the committees are ap-
pointed, .and these committees take their esti-
mates from the very Government whose expend-
itures the people are desirous of curtailing. When
the question comes before the House, we are
met at once by the astounding claim, that the es-
timates from the Departments of the Govern-
ment, through' its agents, are to control the action
of the people's representatives. The people's
agents are elected once in two years, but the Gov-
ernment exists for four years. The Government
may run into great profligacy in the course of
four years, and no power on earth can control
it, unless the right and power in the representa-
tives of the people can do sa. If the doctrine
which has been maintained here is to prevail, there
is no power on earth to control the extravagance
that may ensue, and these Departments will be
entirely beyond the reach of the people. The
people may elect representatives who are instruct- ^
ed to come here and put an end to this profligacy, i
They rise in their places, and they point out the I
inj.nfM in which the estimates of this Govern- '
ment are extravagant, wholly unjustifiable, and
unnecessary. What is the argument used for
these increased expenditures? Is any reason :
given that they are needed ? No; the only apolo- !
gy presented for these increased expenditures is,
that the Department made the estimates, and that j
you should be bound by them.
Now, this doctrine strikes at the very founda-
tion of power in the people to correct abuses in the
administration of the Government. It goes to
maintain the doctrine that the people, through .
their representatives, have no right to control the i
estimates made by the Departments. Is this doc- :
trine to be sanctioned here ? A more monstrous
proposition was never made to an American Con- ,
fress than the claim set up here for the executive
epartmeirts. The people are taxed for the money :
which is expended, and they should have the right
to control the expenditure. I claim, that men who
are in office here have no right to dictate to the
representatives of the people, and say that their
estimates must be met, no matter how monstrous,
merely because the chairman of the committee, or
some one or two others who have consulted with ;
the heads of the Departments, have said that so
many millions of money are needed. They have
rarely taken the trouble to look into the items. It
does seem to me that this doctrine cannot be sanc-
tioned by the committee. It is a doctrine danger-
ous in the extreme to the rights and liberties of the
people.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. VINTON said: Mr. Chairman, I am op-
posed to this amendment. At the last session of
Congress we appropriated for this item $850,000.
Since that time we have mounted six hundred of
our infantry; and the proposition is to reduce this
AHA ttyvlnw* llf A If A4W
£220,000 below the appropriation of the last year,
notwithstanding the targe increase of our mounted
forces. I leave it to every gentleman tt> decide
I for himself whether this reduction can be made.
| It is the duty of those who propose this reduction
: to show that the appropriation of last year was
' more than the public service required.
Mr. TOOMBS (interrupting) made a remark i
! entirely inaudible at the Reporter's desk.
Mr. VINTON, (resuming.) What I propose
to say is this: that it is the appropriate duty of
the executive department of this Government to
defend the country. We must • appropriate an
amount which, in our estimation, is sufficient to
defend the country, and nothing less than that.
Suppose we deny this, what wilt follow ? What
will necessarily follow? The chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means [Mr. Bayly]
stated two or three dayB ago that this reduction
would amount to nothing, for next year the whole
amount would be brought into the deficiency bill
for these items proposed to be cut down. On the
1 other hand, if the country was not defended, why,
then what would follow ? We will have taken from
J the executive of the country all responsibility for
, the discharge of their proper duties, and taken
i into our own hands the duties that properly be-
long to the executive Government. One of these
1 two consequences will follow: either that we have
| a deficiency bill at the next session of Congress—
an enormous deficiency bill, to cover the necessary
i expenses required for the defence of the country—
1 or the country will be left undefended at those
points which, by our treaty stipulations, we are
bound to protect. Whoseduty is it to decide wheth-
er troops shall be withdrawn from California,
New Mexico, or Oregon ? If it is this House, they
have not the military information enabling them
to decide a question of that sort. It does not fol-
i low because money is appropriated that it is to be
all expended. The Executive is not required to j
expend it because it is appropriated. Sir, it is for
the Executive, whose duty it is to defend the coun-
try, to decide whether troops shall be withdrawn
frotTf*- Oregon and California, or anywhere else. I
It is hiB duty to decide where they phall be
plaeed, and to what places they shall be removed.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CLEVELAND asked leave to withdraw
his amendment; but objection being made, the
question was taken, and his amendment to the
amendment was not agreed to.
The question then recurred upon the amendment
offered by Mr. Ewing, to strike out " $630,000,"
and to insert " $1,260,000."
Mr. TOOMBS demanded tellers.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, moved to
make the sum $1,300,000.
Mr. S. said: Mr. Chairman, I do not wish to
detain the House, as I have but a few words to
say upon this subject. It seems to me that we
are beginning at the wrong place in regard to re-
form and retrenchment. I look upon this effort, as
does the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,]
in all its forms, as an attempt to pass a vote of cen-
sure and show a want of confidence in the present
Administration. 1 cannot view it in any other
light. By the laws of the country we have estab-
lished an Army consisting of about twelve thou-
sand men. Gentlemen do not propose to reduce
this army and introduce a law for that purpose
because the army is unnecessary. I will go as far
as any other gentleman for reform and retrench-
ment. But you have laws upon your statute
books creating that Army, and by the Constitution
the President, as Commander-in-Chief of the
Army and Navy, bears the whole responsibility
of disposing of it under the law. Now you say, j
that he has so misused that power that you will
withhold the funds which are necessary to carry j
the laws into execution. Sir, it is nothing more
than saying that the Executive has abused his
high authority. The law is upon your statute
books. You last year, by a law which you passed, j
irj«eased the expenditure. Who is to be censured, ;
if there is too much extravagant expenditure ?—if
there is too much money expended ? It is the'fault .
1 of Congress, who, at the last session, authorized :
i the increased expenditure. Now, if you take from :
i the Executive—the Commander-in-Chief— the right ;
' to say where the Army shall be stationed—if you
! pass a law saying that the Army shall be stationed
• in some improper place, then you give the com- j
! mand of the Army and Navy to the House of ,
j Representatives. 1 am as ready as any man here,
I if there has been my abuse on the part of the 1
Government, to maintain that this House shall
use the power of refusing to obey its will and
carry out its wishes, when such power is mani*
feeted in the ordinary way. I am as willing aa
any one to withhold my support from a measure
which is not necessary to carry on the Government,
and to pass a vote of censure upon the Executive
and Administration, when they have abused their
trusts. But so lone as in the discharge of their
official duties they have not violated their trusts,
and as long as the officers of your Army are enti-
tied to and receive the confidence of this people, I
shall give no vote which shall tend to embarrass
the Executive in carrying out the laws.
[Here the hammer fell.]
, The question was then taken on Mr. Stevens'*
amendment to the amendment; and it was re-
jfictcd
Mr." STEPHENS, of Georgia, said: Mr.Chair-
1 man, I rise to offer a very few remarks in reply to
the extraordinary statements from gentlemen on
my right and on my left. Gentlemen have assert-
I ed that those who are in favor of retrenchment oc-
" cupy the position of censuring the Administration.
They say that the President is bound to execute
the law, and that by withholding the necessary
means to execute the law, we are casting censure
upon the Administration. They say that they are
ready and willing, and that in their opinion it is
our duty, to vote every dollar that the Adminis-
tration adcs. Well, sir, if gentlemen think that
censure, I am ready to cast it; but I do not con-
sider it in that light at all. I rise barely to vindi-
cate myself from any such position. Is there any
law in this country which says there shall be fuel
provided for the Army at the rate of fifteen dollars
per head? Where is the law? Where is_ the
treaty? Why, sir, the very estimate containing
this appropriation comes from the Quartermaster
General—not from the President of the United
States. It is the CLuartermaster General that
comes and says to a Congress of the United States
that it is necessary to appropriate $150,000 for
fuel for the Army. You nave but ten thousand
men, and you are to appropriate to the extent of
fifteen dollars per head for wood and coal for the
Army of the United States because the CLuarter-
master General says it is necessary.
I ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stevens,] I ask the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Vinton,] if they expect, standing upon this prin-
ciple, to browbeat an independent House of Rep-
resentatives of freemen? If they do, they must
go to a court. I know one thing, they will never
get it from me. My judgment is, that fifteen dol-
lars per head for the Army is not necessary for
fuel, and I will not vote it. But the President of
the United States does not say that it is necessary.
It is the Quartermaster General that says he wants
it. And yet the gentleman from Ohio tells us that
if we refuse to vote it, we are censuring the Pres-
ident. .
Mr. VINTON. I did not say it Would be cen-
suring the President. What 1 said was, that it
was necessary for the service of the country.
Mr. STEPHENS. And he said that he would
vote it, and that it was the duty of this House to
vote it. I say that such a doctrine has never been
uttered before in an American Congress, and I
defy the gentleman to show me such a one in the
annals of the country. It has never been uttered
since King James attempted to dictate to the Par-
liament of England, and that Parliament refused to
obey him. Sir, I trust that we shall this night
vindicate the principles of our ancestors there. I
will vote money to no King and no President,
much less to a Quartermaster General, because he
asks it, unless he shows that it is necessary.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BURT demanded tellers on the amendment
of Mr. Ewing to strike out §630,000, and insert
$1,260,000; which were ordered, and Messrs.
Beale and Robbins were appointed.
Mr. JONES. The ayes are for extravagance,
the noes are for economy.
The question was taken and the tellers reported
; —ayes 47, noes 92.
So the amendment to the amendment was not
S °°Mrd McLANE, of Maryland, offered the fol-
I lowing amendment, to come in as a proviso:
' " Provided, That when the appropriations in this bill are
for a less sum than that estimated by the War Department,
H shall b* th* doty of the Swsuay at Wta to *d*pl the
