736
THE CONGRESSIONAL GM>BE.
Feb. 27.
Objection wm, however, made.
Mr. ALSTON called for tellers on the amend-
ment, but they were refused.
The question was then taken, and the item was
atricken out.
On motion by Mr. BURT, the following items I
were stricken out: j
" For completing the survey and laying out a military j
road from Mendota, on the Mississippi, to the mouth of the
Big Sioux, on the Missouri, $5,000."
" For surveys in reference to the fortifications and de-
fence of the coasts of California and Oregon, $50,000."
Mr. JONES moved to Btrike out the following
items:
"For the Anther prosecution of Hie roads from Point Doug-
lass, on the Mississippi, to the St. Louis river, of Lake Su-
perior, $20,000."
" For the further prosecution of the road from Point
'Douglass to Fort Gaines, $20,000."
Mr. BURT moved to amend the amendment by
Striking out the remainder of the bill.
Mr. SIBLEY called fora division of the question
■o as to have a separate vote on striking out each
paragraph.
The question was then taken on striking out the
first of the two items named above, and it was
agreed to.
The question recurred on striking out the second
paragraph named, when— j
Mr. SIBLEY called for tellers, but they werenot
ordered. j
The question was then taken, and the paragraph
was stricken out.
On motion by Mr. BURT, the following items
were stricken out:
"For the further prosecation of the road from Swan river,
to the Winnebago agency, $15,000."
" For the further prosecution of the road from Wabashaw
<0 Mendota, $15,000."
_ Mr. MARSHALL moved to strike from the
bill the following item:
" For completing the Ugbt-liouse on Caryafort reef, coast
of Florida, $17,000."
The CHAIRMAN stated that the motion had
been already made by the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Burt,] in regard to the remaining
portion of the bill.
Mr. BAYLY. I am sure there is some misun-
derstanding about this. [Loud cries of' «Order!''
'• Order !"J
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. BAYLY. I ask the committee 
[Shouts of "Order!"] WilltheHouse  [Re-
newed cries of "Order!"] I call for a division;
the House does not understand what it is voting
about. [Order! order!}
The committee divided on the amendment, and
the Chairman announced eighty-four in the affirm-
ative.
Mr. BIS3ELL demanded tellers; which were j
ordered, and Messrs. Thompson of Mississippi,
and Peck were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers reported ;
—ayes 71, noes 47. I
So the amendment was agreed to. J
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a point of order. I
My point of order is, that the House having deter- j
mined to go on in the dark, it is not competent to j
have any light provided for in this bill. [Laughter.] !
On motion by Mr. BURT, from line 171 to line !
180, providing for the completion of " light-house j
on Sand Key, Florida, $10,460 26," and "For j
completing the foundation and the construction of!
the light-house at the end of North Pier, at Chi-
cago, Illinois, $4,498 39," was stricken out. j
Mr. BURT moved to amend the bill, by striking I
out the last paragraph of the bill, as follows: i
Mr. SCHENCK. Will it be in order to move
to amend the amendment, by providing that the
troops so removed shall be boarded out at the
cheapest rate, to the lowest bidder on the eastern
sea-board ? [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN ruled Mr. Evans's amend-
ment out of order.
Mr. EVANS appealed from the decision of the
Chair.
And the question being taken, " Shall the de-
cision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
committee?" it was decided in the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
On motion by Mr. BAYLY, the -committee
rose; and the Speaker having resumed the chair,
the chairman of the committee reported the bill
with sundry amendments.
Mr. BAYLY said: Before I conclude I shall
demand the previous question; but before doing
so, I desire to say to the House, it is not my pur-
pose to come to a vote to-night. [Cries of " Let
us vote to-night."] Well, be it so, since it is the
wish of the committee. Before I call for the
previous question, however, I desire to say, as
it becomes my duty as the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, a few words
in reference to some of the amendments reported
by the Committee of the Whole. All those rela-
ting to surveys and roads, striking them out, I
have nothing to say of them. But it is in refer-
ence to the amendments striking out the appro-
priations for light-houses. I beg to say that this
whole subject has been utterly misconceived.
The committee have done themselves great injus-
tice in overruling that portion of the committee
that did understand this subject. [Laughter.]
Very well; I repeat that the majority voted with-
out knowing what it was voting for.
Now, sir, I have heen asked by intelligent gen-
tlemen in that committee, what light-houses had
to do in the Army bill? Well, I will inform the
House. Light-houses pass through stages, and
the appropriations go at different times into three
distinct bills. When they are first authorized by
law, they are in the light-house bill. When their
erection has been authorized they go into the
hands of the War Department; and should anv
  .*_ + • „ v _  • ] f .1 • j
" For arrearages prior to 1st July, 1815, under the act of
1st May, 1820, in addition to an unexpended balance re-
maining in the Treasury of $3 939 03, payable through the
Third Auditor's office, #2,500.  j
Mr. B. said that he moved to strike out this
item because it was quite unintelligible.
The amendment was agreed to. !
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, offered the follow-
ing amendment, to come in at the end of the bill:
"Jtnd be it further enacted, That the President of.the i
United States be, and he is hereby, requested to withdraw
such of the trnibps of the United States stationed in Califor-
nia, Oregon, Texas, and New Mexico, as cannot be main-
tained there by the appropriations of this bill, and to post
■aid troops at places whore they may be most cheaply sta-
tioned ; and that the President be further requested to dis-
miss such troops from service as may, in his opinion, be
necessary to conform the expenditures to the appropriations
authorized by this bill, or to the wants of the service after
U>  withdrawal a* aforea&id."
their continuance were asked for in the civil and
diplomatic bill.
Everybody knows that such is the case; and
yet because these appropriations are contained in
the Army bill, gentlemen had objected, and have
actually voted to strike out the appropriations that
are necessary to complete light-nouses that you
have authorized by law. I have now explained
why it is that these appropriations are asked for
in the Army bill, and I hope that gentlemen will
in future be perfectly cognizant of what they are
voting for. If I had been allowed to explain this
in committee, the committee would have been able
to have voted understandingly.
_ Mr. HALL. I wish the gentleman from Vir-
ginia would explain the character of this proposi-
tion contained between lines 178 and 183, as fol-
lows:
"Forthe thorough trial, and for the maintenance of a
light on Brandywine Shoal, Delaware Bay, from October 1,
1850, to March 31,1851, (six months,) $1,144 24."
Mr. BAYLY. Why, sir, it is an experiment
making with a new light, and a very important
experiment, which has been strongly recommend-
ed. The experiment is now going on, and the
object of the appropriation is to give it a thorough
trial. The proposition explains itself.
Mr. SCHENCK. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from Virginia, before he takes his seat,
and whilst he is giving information to the House,
whether the surveys of the lakes are not hydro-
graphic surveys, having nothing to do with forti-
fications?
Mr. BAYLY. They are military surveys.
Mr. SCHENCK, But they have nothing to do
with fortifications?
Mr. BAYLY. Some of them have, and some
of them have not.
Mr. SCHENCK, I should like to know what
are the fortifications upon the lakes?
Mr. BAYLY. There is one for the defence of
the coasts of California and Oregon.
Mr. SCHENCK. The lakes I allude to are
not out in California and Oregon. [A laugh.]
_ Mr. BAYLY. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered; which main question
was first on agreeing to the amendments reported
by the Committee of the Whole.
j; The SPEAKER stated that there were a great
many amendments, and, by unanimous consent,
the bill and amendments could be read through,
1 and those paragraphs on which a separate vote
1 was not desired could be agreed to at one vote.
No objection being made—
j The Clerk proceeded to read the bill and
' amendments.
The amendments, upon which separate votes
; were not asked, were severally concurred in.
j j The amendment increasing the appropriations
I, for clothing for the Army, camp and garrison
!j equipage, &c., from $102,871 to $242,538 65, on
j; which a separate vote had been asked, was not
j [ agreed to.
; The question next being on the amendment to
(j strike out of the bill the appropriation of $25,000
i for continuing the surveys of the northern and
northwestern lakes, on which a separate vote had
i | been asked—
|} Mr. GRINNELL demanded the yeas and nays
on striking out this item; which were ordered;
j and being taken, were—yeas 60, nays 86—as fol-
; low:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Averett, Bayly, Beale, Bo-
i' cock, Bowdon, Boyd, Brisbin, Albert G. Brown, William
;i J. Brown, Burt, George A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell,
, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colcock, Conger, Deberry,
!' Dimmick, Edinundson, Gwing, Featherston, Fuller, Gor-
i| man, Gould, Green, Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, Haralson,
J Harlan, Isham G. Harris, Haymond, Hebard, Holladay,
;l Howard, Joseph W.Jackson, Jones, La Sire, Littlefield,
i Job Mann, McLanahan, McMullen, McQueen, Meade,
i, Millson, Morrison, Parker, Peaslee, Peck, Phelps, Powell,
I Robbins, Savage, Sawtelle, Seddon, Stetson, Jacob Thomp-
! son, Venable, Waldo, and Woodward—60.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Alston, Ashmun, Bingham,
Bissell, Bokee, Booth, Bowie, Briggs, Billiard, Burrows,
, Butler. Joseph Cable, Campbell, Cartter,Chandler, Clarke,
; Cleveland, Cole, Corwin, Danner, Dickey, Dixon, Doty,
Duncan, Dunham, Durkee, Al«x. Evans. N. Evans, Fitch,
Freedley, Gott, Grin lie] I, Halloway, Hampton, Thomas L.
Harris, Hay, Henry, Hilliard, Houston, Howe, Hunter,
Wm. T. Jackson, JamesL. Johnson, Kerr, GeorgeG. King,
James G. King, John A. King, Horace Mann, Marshall,
Matteson, McDonald, McGaughey, McKissock, Meacham,
Moore, Morris, Morton, Nelson, Ogle, Otis, Outlaw, Reed,
Risley, Rose, Sackett, Schenck, SchermerhOrn, School-
craft, Shepperd. Silvester, Sprague, Stanly, Frederick P.
Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens,
Sweetser, Taylor, James Thompson, John B. Thompson,
Toombs, Underhill, Vinton, Watkins, White, and Whittle-
sey—86.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Before taking the question on the other amend-
ments, on which separate votes had been asked,
(of which there were many)—
On motion by Mr. BURT,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
j| Thursdat, February 27, 1851.
Mr. CLAY presented a memorial signed by
persons of both sexes, invalids and visitors of the
• Hot Springs iii the State of Arkansas, calling the
, attention of Congress to the importance of these
springs as a remedial agent for chronic diseases,
i and suggesting the idea that the Government
j would confer an inestimable benefit upon suffering
humanity by paying those who have settled there
!\ for their improvements, and erecting an hospital
1 such as would accommodate all that come there,
whether rich or poor; and that, if desirous to erect
i an asylum for its invalid sailors and soldiers, they
■ j know of no spot which has more, or indeed so
|, many, advantages for such an institution as those
i said springs.
I Mr. C. expressed his fears that it was too late
for any action at present, nor did he know to
what committee to refer it.
Mr. BORLAND sug^osted that several memo-
rials had been received in relation to this subject,
1 one from the Legislature of Arkansas, which had
! been referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
The memorial was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
j Mr. CLAY also presented a petition from Eliz- "
; abeth Davis, stating that she is now infirm and
poor—that during the last war with Great Britain
i she hired vehicles for the removal of her furniture,
and that after a portion of it had been placed in
i *ai4 vehicles it was taken out by order of a Gar-
