THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $150 FOR THIS SESSION.
Sltr CoKoiutas, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, MARCH 4, 1851.
New Series.... No. 47.
eminent officer, and the vehicles forced into the
service of the United States for the removal of the
public records, &e., from the city, in consequence
of which she could not remove her property, and
it was burnt with the house, which was Govern-
ment property. He expressed the hope, as the
petitioner was old and poor, and lost her property
under the circumstances set forth, that her case
might be duly considered. The petition was re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. SEWARD presented a memorial from citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, asking a modification of the
tariff; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. RANTOUL presented a memorial from in-
ventors and others, of Beverly, Massachusetts,
praying such modification of the patent laws as.
will allow the courts to declare patents illegal,
when proved to be so; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. CHASE presented a petition from inhabit-
ants of Ohio for the immediate repeal of the fugi-
tive slave law.
Also, three petitions from the inhabitants ©f
Pennsylvania to the same effect.
Also, two petitions from the same, asking that
slavery may be prohibited in all the Territories,
and that no more slave States may be admitted
into the Union, and that slavery may be abolished
in the District of Columbia.
Also, a petition from inhabitants of the same,
praying the abolition of slavery in the District of
Columbia.
Also, a petition from inhabitants of the same,
asking that Congress will abolish slavery through-
out the United States, or relieve the people of
Pennsylvania from the responsibility of aiding in
its support; all of which were ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. WALKER presented a petition from citi-
zens of. St. Joseph county, Indiana, asking that
the public lands may be granted in limited quanti-
ties to actual settler* not possessed of other lands;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented the memorial of
Arabella J. Strong, widow and executrix of Lo-
renzo N. Clark, asking compensation for losses
sustained by reason of the abrogation of a contract
made between said Clark and Wm. Armstrong,
acting superintendent of the Western Territory;
which was referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. DAVIS, af Massachusetts, presented two
memorials from theeitizens of Lynn, in thatState,;
asking such modification of the patent laws as will
allow courts to declare patents illegal when proved
to be sa; which were ordered to lie on the table.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion by Mr. GrWIN, it was ordered that
the Committee of Claims be dischai^ed from the
farther consideration of the memorial of citizens
of Sacramento City, in relation to the claim of Wm.;
Waldo, and that leave be granted to withdraw the
same. 1
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES. !
Mr. BRIGHT, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, to which wm referred the bill to
remit the tolls on the United States stock in the !
Louisville and Portland Canal Company, and to '
purchase the shares of individual stockholders,
and to make the navigation of said canal free, .
reported back the same with amendments, accom- 1
panied by a report; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Print- I
ing, to which was referred the motion to print the
memorial of citizens .of Oregon, in relation to the I
removal of the port of entry at Astoria, reported j
against printing the same; which was agreed to.
REMEDIES TO PATENTEES.
On motion by Mr. DAYTON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill giving far-
ther remedies to patentees.
On motion by Mr. DAYTON and Mr. BALD-
WIN, several amendments were made, and, as
amend ad, the bill stood as follow*:
47
A BILL giving further remedies to patentees.
Be it enacted, $c., That if any person or corporation
| shall import, or, Knowing the same to have been imported,
i have in possession, for the purposes of traffic or sale, any
! articles imported into the United States fVom any foreign
i State or Territory adjoining the States or Territories of Hie
United States, and manufactured in whole or in part in
any such adjoining foreign State or Territory, by any pro-
cess or machine, or by any substantial modification of any
process or machine, for which there may be at the time a
subsisting patent owned by any citizen of the United States,
such person or corporation shall, upon due proof thereofbe-
fore any court of competent jurisdiction, be deemed to have
infringed said patent, and shall be liable fbr all damages, in
the same manner, and to the same extent as in other cases,
and the articles so manufactured and imported shall be for-
feited to the use of die owner of said patent.
Ssc. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted. That whenever a pat-
entee, or any person holding under him, shall file a bill in
equity, verified by oath or affirmation, in the circuit or dis-
trict court of the United States, complaining that any person
or corporation has imported or has in possession for sale or
traffic, any of the articles described in the preceding section,
and shall make it appear to the satisfaction of die judge
that the facts alleged are probably true, the said judge shall
issue an order to the marshal, directing him to take said ar-
ticles into his custody, and hold the same subject to the final
order of court, and may further by injunction restrain the
sale of and traffic in said articles, and after due notice to all
parties may, upon a final hearing of the cause, decree said
articles to be forfeited to the use of the complainant: Pro-
vided, however, That from ail judgment? and decrees of
said courts, a writ of error or appeal shall lie in the same
manner as is now provided by law in relation to other
judgments or decrees.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and the
amendments were concurred in. •
The question was stated to be, "Shall the bill
be efigroased for a third reading?"
Mr. TURNEY. I think this bill involves a prin-
ciple exceedingly doubtful in itself, though it may
be intended to prevent imposition in some special
particular case. 1 doubt the propriety and policy
of Congress adopting any law excluding the im-
portation of articles from Canada, or any other ad-
joining State or Territory. That seems to be the
principle which is involved in the bill. This is a
general bill, not confined, 1 believe, to any partic-
ular case, although it is intended to remedy a hard-
ship in some particular case. I doubt the consti-
tutionality of originating a bill of this description
in the Senate. To be sure, it does not levy a duty
or tax, but it goes further; it excludes the import-
ation of certain articles altogether. It is interfering
j with the revenue laws, and legislating in a manner
te affect the revenue. But, aside from that,
whether the Senate has the power to originate the
bill or not, it seems to me exceedingly doubtful
whether Congress should undertake to legislate
| upon the subject, and enact a general law to rem-
| edy what may be a hardship in a particular case.
If the inventor of an article desires to obtain a
patent in a foreign country, he can go there and
obtain it; there is nothing to prevent him. If he
does not choose to do so, it will be a very extraor-
dinary course of policy for Congress to intervene,
and say that articles manufactured in another
country should be excluded from this. It seems
to me such a bill ought not to receive die sanction
of Congress.
Mr. DAYTON. I think the Senate very gen-
erally understand the provisions of this bill and
the necessity for its passage. Under the present
laws we may grant a patent to an individual re-
siding in the State of New York, and other per-
sons may take the machine or thing patented across
the river St. Lawrence into Canada, and there
manufacture articles with this machine out of the
material which costs nothing, and these goods
come in competition with those manufactured by
the machine patented. An instance of this has
actually occurred. I allude to a machine for turn-
ing irregular figures. This is obviously a fraudu-
lent evasion of the patent laws, and, if tolerated,
the patent of an individual in this country will be
worth nothing.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
«AVY PENSIONS.
Mr. PEARCE, from the Committee on Finance,
to which was referred House bill making appro-
priations for the payment of navy pensions for
the y«ar ending the 80th of J«ne, 1852, reported
back the same without amendment and with a re-
quest for its immediate consideration.
No objection having been made, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider said bill. It makes the follow-
ing appropriations for the payment of navy pen-
sions for the year ending the 30th June, 1852, viz:
For invalid pensions $40,000, and to pay the pen-
sions of invalids who were wounded on board of
private armed vessels during the last war with
Great Britain, $3,000.
Mr. PEARCE. The Committee on Finance
desired me to call the attention of the Senate to
the last item in this bill—that for the payment of
privateer pensions. I wish to state to the Senate
the law upon that subject. The privateer pension
fund was created in 1812, by the act which direct-
ed two per cent, on the sales of prizes captured by
private armed vessels to be reserved by the collect-
ors and appropriated for the payment of privateer
pensions, according to the laws to be passed by
Congress in future. Congress in 1813 passed an
act providing fbr the payment of pensions to per-
sons wounded on board private armed vessels out
of that pension fund, and out of no other fund
whatever, thus excluding in express terms the idea
that they should be paid out of the Treasury. In
1814 Congress passed another act, granting pen-
sions out of the same fund to the widows and
orphans of those who were slain on board private
armed vessels. The pensions granted by all these
acts were paid out of the private pension fund for
several years, until the fund was exhausted, about
the year 1840. For a few years after that, no ap-
propriations were made from the Treasury of the
United States fbr the payment of privateer pen-
sions. In 1844, however, without any law upon
the subject, and, in fact, in express contradiction
to the provisions of the acta of 1813-'14 which
granted privateer pensions, Congress was induced
to insert an item in the general appropriation bill
by which payment of these pensions, including
arrears, was to be made from the Treasury of the
United States. From that day down to the present,
I beiieve^hey have continued to appropriate sums
of money to pay these privateer pensions, which, ■
by the acts creating them, were to be a charge
upon the privateer pension fund, and not a charge
upon the national Treasury.
The committee thought proper to submit thesa
facts to the Senate. It is very obvious that We ara
under no obligation of law to pay these privateer
pensions out of the National Treasury. The case
does not stand on the same footing with naval
pensions, which were originally paid out of the
naval pension fund, but which are now paid out
of the National Treasury. The difference is this;
In the creation of the naval pension fund CongreM
stipulated the mode in which it should be applied,
and to what sort of pensioners it should be ap-
plied, but in 1837, without .regard to the stipula-
tions into which they entered when that navni
pension fund was created, Congress passed an act
granting arrears of pensions to the widows of all
officers, seamen, and marines who had died in
the Navy, without reference to the cause of their
death, not even confining it to the widows of such
as lost their lives in battle or died in consequence
of wounds or casualties received while in the line
of their duty. That improvident act, in violation
of the act creating the fund, destroyed the naval
pension fund, and as a necessary consequence
Congress felt itself bound to pay out of the Na-
tional Treasury such pensions as it was originally
contemplated should be paid out of the naval pen-
sion fund. No such obligation, however, exists
with regard to the privateer pension fund.
The item is a small one, and the Senate may think
proper, without regard to these considerations,
to retain it, but the committed thought it their duty
to inform the Senate that there was no legal obli-
gation and no moral contract to pay these pen-
sions out of the National Treasury. I move to
strike out the last item of the bin, which is in
these words:
" To pay the pensions of invalids who were wounded on
board of private armed vessels daring the last war witli
Great Britain, 03,009.''
