788
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 27,
Mr. BADGER. The sum appropriated by the '
item which it is proposed to strike out is very j
small, and I submit to my fnend from Maryland
whether it would not be an act of cruelty and in-
justice to those persons who receive these pensions
now to cut them off so suddenly. 1 understand
from the Senator's statement that since 1844 Con-
gress have constantly paid these pensions out of
the Treasury. Those who have received these
pensions heretofore are looking forward to them,
and if we were to cut them off trom this small sum
of $3,000, it would be ungenerous, and cruel, and
hardly just.
Mr. PEARCE. I cannot see that it is either
cruel or unjust, for this is a mere gratuity, one^for
which there is neither legal nor moral obligation;
but if the Senate choose to be liberal, as they very
often are, I shall have nothing further to say in re-
lation to the matter, except that this is a precedent
that may be hereafter brought up. We may have
wars, and if we have a maratime war, I suppose
we shall have private armed vessels again, and
our action on this occasion will be invoked to jus-
tify the payment of pensions to persons wounded
on boa™ of such private armed vessels. I leave
the matter to the Senate to do with it as they
pi 668®#
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. It is very clear
to my mind that men on board privateers do not
properly come within the principle of men on
board vessels of the United States. On another
occasion, when it was proposed to put soldiers on
the same footing with sailors, it was said that the
sailors got no prize money during the Mexican
war. Since that we have had a statement from
the proper Department showing the amount of
prize money which they did receive during that
war. The bill is very liberal towards the Navy—
much more so than our legislation has been to-
wards the Army.
But the item now under consideration does not
stand on the same footing as the other items in
the bill. There is a great difference between the
navy and privateers engaged in maratime war.
Privateers go out to make money. They are
upon the footing of seamen of merchant vessels,
except that they look for gain by the taking of
prizes. It is a species of force which civilized
nations use from considerations perhaps other than
humane, and which is furnished to them from
fromptingv certainly other than simply patriotic,
think, therefore, they have no claim to be pen-
sioned out of the National Treasury.
The amendment was agreed to, the bill was re-
potted to the Senate as amended, the amendment
was concurred in, the bill was ordered to be read
a third time, and was read a third time and passed.
HONORS TO MAJOR RINGGOLD.
Mr. GREENE, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which was referred the joint reso-
lution directing a sword to be presented to the
nearest male relative of Major Samuel Ringgold,
late of the United States Army, reported back the
same without amendment, and recommended its
passage, and asked its immediate consideration.
No objection having .been made, the resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. GREENE. I will not take up the time of
the Senate by debating all the considerations which
induced the committee to make this recommenda-
tion. They are too fresh in the memory of the
Senate to require anything more than the reading
of the resolution itself.
The Secretary read the resolution. It re-
quests the President of the United States to pre-
sent a sword to the nearest male relative of Major
Samuel Ringgold, of the 3d regiment of artillery,
who was then in command of the light artillery in
the glorious battle of Palo Alto—the first battle in
the war with Mexico—and communicate to him
the deep regret which is felt for the loss of that
gallant and accomplished officer.
Mr. DAWSON. In the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs I did not give my assent to the reso-
lution, not because I-had any opposition in doing
honor to the meritorious individual who is now no
more, but because I disliked to discriminate by
selecting any one of the gallant men who fell in
the Mexican war. There was Captain Ridgley,
who was perhaps as gallant as the lamented Ma-
jor Ringgold. I thought that our policy was
wrong thus to discriminate, and that it we intend-
ed to do justice to all it should be upon a general
proposition of the kind. That would bring up
th$ question whether the Government of the Uni-
ted States, for every act of gallantry, would pre-
sent a sword to every officer who had an opportu-
nity to distinguish himself. I had no objection to
this resolution being considered, for my individual
voice could have prevented ita consideration. I
merely wish the question to be fairly propounded
to the Senate, whether they will act upon it now
or will refer it back to the committee with instruc-
tions, if they intend thus to act, to give a sword
to every officer who distinguished himself in the
Mexican war, to the surviving as well as the dead.
For myself, I cannot discriminate between the gal-
lantry of those who have survived and those who
have died. It is for the Senate to say whether it
shall be done. I beg to say, so far as relates to t
Major Ringgold, that no man feels more regret 1
for his loss, no man will honor him more than I
will. But I am disposed to pay honor to all; I
dislike to discriminate.
Mr. HALE. So far as regards the living, they
have received the honor of a brevet. I believe
that every officer who distinguished himself in the
Mexican war has been brevetted; Major Ringgold
is beyond everything of that sort. If the honor-
able Senator will look he will find abundant pre-
cedents to justify this resolution, and 1 hope it
will pass.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I cannot agree to
the proposition of the Senator from Georgia to
give a sword to every officer who may have dis- ,
tinguished himself in Mexico. Compliments to
be valuable must be rare. The thanks of Con-
gress, medals, and swords voted by Congress, are
recognitions of special and brilliant services. I
•think there is much that has special merit in the
J case which has been reported from the Committee
, on Military Affairs by one of its members, -the :
Senator from Rhode Island, [Mr. Greece.] Ma-
jor Ringgold may be considered as the founder of.
that system of light artillery which, perhaps, con-
tributed more than any other one thing to our vic-
tories in the war with Mexico. At the head of
that particular arm, which he had mainly contrib-
uted to bring to its then and present state of effi-
ciency, he fell in the first battle with the Mexican
- army—in that battle which may be said to have
j set the seal of invincibility upon American troops,
I and determined all the future results of the war
j %ith Mexico.
Every one is familiar with the trying circum-
stance* under which the little army on the Rio
Grande was placed when they met the boasted
army of Mexico, which was always pointed to aa
something above the ordinary standard of Mexi-
can troops. Every one,too,recollects the brilliant
success of our little army, and how far it is to be
, attributed to the light artillery, that particular arm
which Major Ringgold had brought to such a state
i of efficiency. He was killed in battle—killed in
a moment of brilliant service. He lived not to
reap the rewards which others have received from
a grateful country. He fell before he knew what
estimate his countrymen placed on his services.
For much that he did before the commencement
of the war—for all that he did on that special oc-
casion—for the fact of his having fallen at the
beginning of the war, and having by his own gal-
lantry contributed in no small degree to set that
first seal of invincibility on American arms, I
think some special recognition is due to his merit.
This resolution proposes, as he had no family, to
five this recognition to his nearest male relative.
believe it falls upon a highly-esteemed officer of
the Navy, and one worthy to receive it, I hope
, the resolution will be adopted.
The resolution was reported to the Senate, and
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives by Mr. Young, their Clerk: .
Mr. President: The House of Representatives have
passed bills of the following titles, in which they request the
concurrence of the Senate:
An act to provide for carrying into execution, in further
part, the twelfth article of the treaty with Mexico, concluded
at Guadalupe Hidalgo.
An act to establish certain post roads in the United States
and the Territories thereof.
The House of Representatives insist on their disagree-
ment to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H. K. 434)
mailing appropriations for the support of the Military Acad-
emy for the year ending the 30th of June, 1852, and agree
to die conference asked by the Senate on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses, and have appointed Mr. Jacob
Thompson, of Mississippi, Mr. Robert Toombs, of Geor-
gia, and Mr. Gkorqe W. Jones, of Tennessee, managers
at the conference on their part.
MEXICAN INDEMNITY.
House bill 460. An act to provide for carrying
into execution, in further part, the twelfth article
of the treaty with Mexico, concluded at Guada-
lupe Hidulgo, was read a first and second time by
its title, anu referred to the Committee on Finance.
POST ROUTE BILL.
House bill 475, to establish certain post roads in
the United States and the Territories thereof, was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
LIABILITY OF SHIP-OWNERS.
The engrossed bill to limit the liability of ship-
owners, and for other purposes, was read a third
time, and on the question shall this bill pass ?
Mr. DAVIS, o? Mississippi, called for the yeas
and nays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
were:
YEAS—Messrs. Baldwin, Bell, Bradbury, Cass, Chase,
Clarke, Clay, Dayton, Dickinson, Dodge of Wisconsin,
Douglas, Foote, Greene, Gwin, Hamlin, Miller, Norris,
Pearce, Phelps, Pratt, Rantoul, Seward, Shields, Smith,
Souli, Spruance, Sturgeon, and Uphain—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Berrien, Borland,
Bright, Clemens, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson, Dodge of
Iowa, Downs, Felch, Jones, King, Mangum, Mason. Sebas-
tian, Turney, Underwood, Wales, Walker, and Yulee—31.
So the bill was passed.
CONFERENCE ON MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Commit-
tee of Conference on the part of the Senate, re-
ported that they had met the Committee of Con-
ference on the part of the House of Representa-
tives, on the disagreeing vote on the amendment
of the Senate to the bill making appropriations for
the support of the Military Academy for the year
ending the 30th June, 1852, and that the commit-
tee, after full conference, had agreed to recommend
to their respective Houses that the Senate do re-
cede from their amendment.
The Senate proceeded to consider said report,
and in concurrence therewith—
Retolved, That the Senate recede from their amendment.
THE CONTOY PRISONERS.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. M. P. Fillmore, his
Private Secretary, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate of the 17th ultimo, calling for all the
correspondence between this Government and its
Ministers with the Government of Spain, in rela-
tion to the prisoners captured near the Island of
I Contoy; and also the correspondence relating to
1 any projected expedition to the Island of Cuba,
covering a report of the Secretary of State, con-
taining all the documents relating to the subject
not heretofore communicated to Congress; which
was read, laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
REPORT OF COMMISSIONER OF PATENTS.
The PRESIDENT of the Senate laid before the
body the report of the Commissioner of Patents,
being part No. 2 of his annual report for the year
1850, containing statistical and other information
relating to agriculture.
On motion by Mr. BORLAND that the report
be printed, the motion was referred to the Com-
1 mittee on Printing.
OVERFLOWED LANDS IN LOUISIANA.
On motion by Mr. DOWNS, the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to consider
the bill to aid the State of Louisiana in reclaiming
the overflowed lands therein, and for other pur-
i poses. The--bill provides:
That to aid the State of Louisiana in preventing the over-
flow of the Mississippi river, and in reclaiming the over-
flowed lands therein, the whole of the lands remaining the
property of the United States therein, unsold and undis-
posed of, shall be, and the same are hereby granted w tno
said State, to be disposed of as the Legislature of said s taie
shall direct; the proceeds, so far as'necessary, to be appnea
' to the construction of the necessary levees, drains, «c., so
as to carry out the object of this act.  ...   
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That beforei the
hereby made shall be considered as complete, the Legi -
ture of Louisiana shall provide, by an act to be
them for that purpose, for the final disposition of all claims
of every kind which exist or bave ansen under any treaty
or law of the United States ; and immediately on the pas-
; sage of such an act, all the maps, plats, books, documents,
and records pertaining to the land titles in that b
I be turned over to the officer or officers appointed bv the au-
i thonty of the State to receive them: Prtmdti, That this
