*40
the Congressional globe.
Feb. 27,
1*he purchase it>f Louisiana from France in 1803, j
the acquisition of Florida by a grant from Spain
in 1819, the discovery of Oregon, and the recent ,
purchase of New Mexico and Upper California,
extended our domain along the shores of the Gulf
of Mexico to the Rio Grande, and from its head-
waters, across the Rocky Mountains and Snowy
Hills, to the Pacific ocean. The aggregate auan-
tity of this national estate is fifteen hundred and
eightv-four millions of acres, of which one hundred
awl thirty-four millions have been definitively ap-
propriated, and there remain, including appropri-
ations not yet perfected, fourteen hundred and fifty
millions of acres.
Using only round numbers, these lands are dis-
tributed among the Slates and Territories as fol-
lows:
•®ere .
In Ohio  745,000
Indiana  2,751,000
Illinois 14,0rt0,(I00
Missouri  29,216,000
Alabama  17,-33^,000
Mississippi.... 14,308,000
Louisiana.... 22,'-\Vt.0a0
Michigan  24,N 4,000
Arkansas..... 27,403,000
Florida  31,801,000
I Jtcrcs.
' In Iowa  27,153,000
"Wisconsin.... 26,331,1*00
| Minnesota.... 56,000,000
North west Ter-
ritorv 376,000,000
Oregon Ter.. .218,536,000
Nebraska Ter. 87,488,000
Indian Ter. ..119,789,000
California ... .287,162.000
New Mexico.. 49,727,000
The domain came to the United States encum-
bered with a right of possession by fndian tribes,
which is gradually extinguished by purchase, as
the necessities of advancing population require.
At the establishment of the Federal Government
the United States suffered from exhaustion by war,
aftd labored under the pressure of a great national
debt, while they were obliged to make large ex-
penditures for new institutions, and to prepare for
defence by land and by sea. They therefore
adopted a policy which treated the domain merely
as a fund or source of revenue. They divided it
. into townships, sections, and quarter sections, and
offered it at public sale at a minimum price of two
dollars per acre on credit, and subsequently at
private sale on the same terms. In 1820 they
abolished the credit system, and reduced the price
to one dollar and twenty-five cents per acre; in
1833 they recognized the right of preemption in
favor of actual occupants; and the system us thus
modified still remains in form upon our statute-
*book. The United States, however, have, at dif-
ferent times, made very different dispositions of
portions of the domain. Thus there have been
appropriated to the new States and Territories, for
purposes of internal improvement, for saline res-
ervations, for the establishment of seats of govern-
ment and public buildings, and for institutions of
education, as follows:
Acres.
To Ohio 1,847,575
Indiana 2,331,690
Illinois 1,649,034
Missouri 1,793,748
Alabama 1,473,994
Mississippi 1,384,944
Aerei.
To Louisiana 1,332,124
Michigan 1,674,598
Arkansas 1,489,220
Wisconsin  217,920
Iowa  46,720
Florida 1,553,035
Besides these appropriations, the Senate will at
once recall several acts of Congress which surren-
dered in the whole seventy-nine millions of acres for
bounties in the Mexican war, bounties in the war
of 1812, subsequent gratuities to the soldiers in the
same war ana in the Indian wars, cessions of
swamp lands to new States, and for the construc-
tion of a railroad from Chicago to Mobile, and
other internal improvements, none of which last-
named cessions have yet been located.
The aggregate of revenues derived from the pub-
lic domain is $135,339,093 93, showing an annual
"ayerage revenue of one and a quarter million of
dollars since the system of sales was adopted.
Mr. President, I think the time is near at hand
when the United States will find it expedient to
review their policy, and to consider the following
principles: ,
First. That lands shall be granted, in limited
quantities, gratuitously, to actual cultivators only.
Second. That the possessions of such grantees
shall be secured against involuntary alienation.
Third. That the United States shall relinquish
to the States administration of the public lands
within their limits.
These principles, sir, have no necessary con-
nection. I shall therefore discuss them sepa-
rately
First. A gratuitous allotment of lands, in limited
quantities, to actual settlers and cultivators only.
Ihm principle involves three propositions:
1. A limitation of the quantity which shall be
granted to any one person.
2. Occupation ana cultivation as conditions of
the grant.
3. A gratuitous grant.
First. A limitation of the quantity to be allotted
to any one person.
If the puulic lands were mercantile merchandise,
price would be the principal, if not the only, sub-
ject of inquiry. On the contrary, it is only the
money received by the Government on sales that
perishes or passes away. The lands remain fixed
•just where they were before the sale, and they
constitute a part of the territory subject to adminis-
tration as much after sale as before. The possess-
ors of the land sold become soon, if not imme-
diately, citizens, and they will ultimately be a ma-
jority of the whole population of the country,
supporting theGovernmentby their contributions,
maintaining it by their arms, and wielding it for
their own and the general.welfare. To look, then,
at tliis subject merely with reference to the reve-
nue that might be derived from the sale of the
lands, would be to commit the fault of that least-
erected spirit that fell from Heaven, whose
" Looks and thoughts
Were always downward bent, admiring more
The riches of Heaven's pavement, trddden gold,
Tli&n aught, divine or holy, else enjoyed."
All will admit—all do admit—that the domain
should be so administered as to favor the increase
of population, the augmentation of wealth, the cul-
tivation of virtue, ana the diffusion of happiness.
I do not say that land in this or in any other
country ought to be or ever could be divided and
enjoyed equally. I assert no such absurdity; but
I ao say, with some confidence, that great inequal-
ity of landed estates, here or elsewhere, tends to
check population, enterprise, and wealth, and to j
hinder and defeat the highest interests of society, j
Every State in this Union recognizes this princi- |
pie, and guards against undue aggregation of es- 1
tates by restrains upon accumulation, by inhibi-
tions of entails, and by dividing inheritances.
A partition of this vast public domain is inevi-
table. It has been going on ever since the lands
were acquired; it is going on now; and it will go
on hereafter with increasing rapidity. That par-
tition affords us an opportunity to apply the same '
beneficent and invigorating policy in a new and I
bdRign form, without disturbing any existing es- i
tates, or interfering with any vested interests, and
without disturbing tiny established latos or cus-
toms.
There is no arbitrary measurement of the por-
tion of land which one possessor can advanta- ;
geously cultivate; yet there are practically dimen-
sions within which lands are-held for that purpose;
and when these are exceeded, the surplus is held
for purposes of commerce or speculation. Com-
merce in the public lands, although by no means
immoral, nevertheless ought to be regarded with
jealousy. It diverts capital from active or produc-
tive industry, and prolongs the period before the
land purchased can be made fruitful. Mortgages,
judgments, and accidents of insolvency ana of
death, render the title uncertain and confused, and
thus exclude the lands from market. Every one
has seen in new countries extensive tracts of land
upon which the speculator had laid his hand, and
thus rendered them useless to himself, useless to
the community, and useless, or nearly so, to the
State. The want of some security against incon-
veniences so prejudicial to the States may now be ]
supplied without producing any embarrassment to
individuals or to the Government. !
Secondly. The same policy seems to commend
the principle of insisting on permanent occupation
and cultivation as conditions of a grant of any por-
tion of the public domain. It ought to be Kept
open and available to those who seek it for culti-
vation. It ought, therefore, to be kept free from
absent owners, who, while they would exclude
settlers, would leave it entirely unproductive, and
who would pay to the State either nothing, or at
most a tax that would poorly compensate for
stamping sterility upon the coil. !
The same principle that dictated the abandon-
ment of the credit system in 1820 seems to pre- !
scribe now a limitation of the sales to actual set-
tlers. Nor would the revenue derived from sales
be affected by such a measure. The price of the
land is fixed and uniform. If more lands are sold
at one time, under the present system, than would j
be sold with such a limitation, a rest must follow
until the excess of lands sold above the actual
suppl/of the market shall be taken off at a profit
or loss from the hand of the speculator. The com-
mercial revulsion of 1837, aggravated by wild and
reckless speculations in the domain, gave us in-
structions on this subject which ought not to be
neglected.
The Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Feich,] who
has discussed our landed policy with very great
ability, dwells upon the difficulty of prescribing
the evidence of occupancy and cultivation. But
this difficulty would soon be removed if the sys-
tem should be changed. A title might be withheld
until improvements should be made sufficient to
prevent a voluntary forfeiture.
Thirdly. The question of making the grants
of public lands gratuitously is one of more diffi-
culty. By gratuitous grants, I mean those which
would be practically so, and that the lands thus
disposed of should be charged with the costs of
the grant.
The demand of $1 25 per acre, or of $200 on a
farm of one hundred and sixty acres, although it
is not unjust, and although it may be necessary,
is, nevertheless, in its practical operation, a tax
upon the privilege of cultivating the domain. But
the first and fundamental interest of the Republic
is the cultivation of its soil. That cyltivation is
the sole fountain of the capital or wealth which
supplies every channel of industry. The more it
is taxed, the less freely it will flow. It is true,
indeed, that, notwithstanding this tax, labor seeks
the soil within the new States and Territories, and
that society advances there with a rapidity unpar-
alleled. But it is equally true that the tax pre-
vents the immigration of a very large mass of per-
sona who are destitute of employment in the
eastern States, while it rejects even a greater mass
of cultivators in Europe. We are competitors
with the European States in agriculture and in
manufactures. They have the advantage of
cheaper labor and greater capital. We ought,
therefore, to invite here the labor necessary to
augment our productions, and the industry and
skill required to prepare them for internal and for-
eign commerce. Can it be doubtful for a moment
that it is otlr policy to bring the manufacturers to
our own shores, and to invite the farmer to sup-
ply his wants from our own unproductive lands ?
Commercial Supremacy demands just such an
agricultural basis ad the fertile and extensive re-
gions of the United States, when inhabited, will
supply. Political supremacy follows commercial
ascendency. It Was by reason of the want of
just such an agricultural basis that Venice, Portu-
gal, and Holland successively lost commerce and
empire. It was for the purpose of securing just
such ft basis that Prance, England, and Spain
seized so eagerly, and held so tenaciously, the
large portions of this continent which they respect-
ively occupied. It was for the purpose of supply-
ing the loss of this basis that Er%land has, within
the last seventy years, etftendira her conquests
over a large portion of India.
We now possess this basis, and all that we need
is to develop its capabilities as fully and as rapidly
as possible. Nor ought w'e to overlook another
great political interest. Mutual jealousies delayed
a long time the establishment of the Union of these
States, and have ever since threatened its dissolu-
tion. It is apparent that the ultimate security for
its continuance is found in the power of the States
established, and hereafter to be established, on the
public domain. Those new and vigorous commu-
nities continually impart new life to the entire
Commonwealth, while the absolute importance of
free access to the ocean will secure their loyalty,
even if the fidelity of the Atlantic States shall fail.
Such as these, sir, may have been some of the
considerations that induced Andrew Jackson so
long ago to declare his opinion that the time was
not distant when the public domain ought to cease
to be regarded as a source of revenue. Such con-
siderations may have had some influence with the
late distinguished Senator from South Carolina
[J. C. Calhoun] to propose a release of the public
domain to the States, on their_ paying a small per
centum of revenue to the United States; and we
are at liberty to suppose that a course of reasoning
not entirely unlike this brought that eminent
statesman who is now Secretary of State to pro-
pose here a year ago a gratuitous appropriation of
the public domain to actual settlers.
