• 1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
743
flind for tbe support of education, mid die remaining half
thereof for purposes of internal improvement, or for such
other purposes as the Legislature of each State may pre-
scribe."
I now move that the amendment be printed for
the use of the Senate, and, according to the prom-
ise that I made to the Senator front New Jersey,
I move to lay the whole subject upon the table.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator will have to
submit one motion at a time. The question will
be taken on the motion to lay on the table, after
which the Senator can make his motion.that the
amendment be printed.
Mr. DAWSON. I hope the Senator from Rhode
Island will withdraw his motion to lay on the ta- j
ble for a few moments. I will renew "it.
Mr. CLARKE. I will withdraw.
Mr. DAWSON. I will not detain the Senate
by a discussion upon this question. My respect
for the body would preclude my doing so. My
only object is to call the attention of the Senate to
the course that has been pursued in relation to
this matter. There have been three speeches de-
livered upon this occasion evidently prepared for
the purpose of affecting the public mind, and with
a view finally to approximate to what is, I fear,
intended by a large proportion of the Senate of
the United States. Now, sir, I could but distrust
the combination of two extreme opinions to this
common result, as stated before the Senate and
the country. The honorable Senator from Louisi-
ana [Mr. Downs] goes upon the principle of mo-
nopoly: the Senator from New York [Mr. Sew-
ard] goes upon the principle of agrarianism. The
Senator from Louisiana seeks to have the whole
of the public lands vested in the States respect-
ively in which they lie: the Senator from New
York says that the proper principle is to divide the 1
public lands in sections of one hundred and sixty !
acres, and not permit anybody to have more of |
the public land than that. That is the true poli- I
cy, as he says, to be carried out. Now, look at
these two combining to vote for this bill. ,
Now, how can it De that the Senator from New !
York, who upholds the idea that he has thrown j
before the country, could vote for such a measure ?
What argument can be presented to support such
a vote? It must be an argument which goes to
induce the New States within which these lands
lie to approve of the course of the Senator when
he announced the fact that he would vote for that
bill. And all persons who are opposed to the
States taking the public lands will be found not to
receive the same measure of kindness from the
States as those Senators who will give them their
own principles, and go for this monopolizing prin-
ciple. But I shall not inquire into the motive of
this matter.
All I beg to state is this: Where did the public
lands come from ? In the first place the North-
western Territory was purchased from the State
of Virginia, and purchased under a compact, which
was first for the purpose of paying the public
debt—the debt of the Revolution—and when that
debt was paid, then the balance of the public lands
there were to go to the States. And yet we find a
Senator from one of the old States announcing
that these public lands, against the compact which
was entered into with the State from which they
were purchased, shall go to the States individually
in which they lie, or come down to the principle
of agrarianism—to one hundred and sixty acres—
and no man shall hold more than that number of
acres. That principle will soon be so changed
that those who have more land than that will have
their possessions cut down to that standard. Now,
how is it that we who represent the interest of the .
old States can thus go for a measure like this, con-
trary to the compact, contrary, in my judgment,
to the obligation imposed upon us by the com- 11
pact between the State of Virginia and the United :;
States? i |
Where else did the public lands come from?
Georgia yielded her territory to the United States— ! i
that territory from which the States of Mississippi 11
and Alabama were formed—under the compact of i
1802, and with the same limitations and rights !l
reserved to the States as were reserved in the case 1
of the State of Virginia. Now, the next surren-
der—should Louisiana receive all the lands within ,
her limits—will be to Mississippi; and then comes U
Alabama, with the millions there still undisposed >'
of, which will be vested in the States, contrary to i j
the compact made by Georgia when she yielded 11
her lands under the contract of cession in 1802.
Why, upon principle, you cannot divest her rights,
because she is one of the contracting parties, and
claims a fulfillment of that obligation. And yet
one of the Senators from the old States would sur-
render all these public lands to Alabama, Missis-
sippi, and Louisiana—and for what purpose? Not
upon principles of justice—not in conformity to
the contract—but in violation of the compact, and
for any other purpose; and it could be for no other
possible purpose than to gratify the States in which
they lie.
And what more ? It is contended that these
public lands ought to go into the possession of in-
dividuals, and that the taxes arising from these
lands, when in the possession of individuals, would
more than amount to the value of the property.
Why, sir, the great principle is forgotten. No
State of this Union has one third of the population
that the soil is capable of sustaining; and the
whole area of the country, instead of having but
twenty-three millions of population, can support
with perfect ease, in time to come, at least five
hundred millions. Yet, because we have not peo-
ple to occupy every foot of land, it must be given j
awav. The lands never will be disposed of, sir,
until there is a demand for them; and that demand
never will exist until there is a population to reside
upon them. We have induced even the foreign
population—millions of the population of foreign
countries—to come and settle upon our public
lands, and yet millions of unsettled acres remain;
yet, because we have no occasion to use them i
immediately, we propose to give them away.
The gentleman from New York throws himself
upon this principle, that sixteen years' suspension
of the revenue, which is the estimate on account
of the vast amount of warrants that we have au-
thorized , is a surrender of the source of the revenue
itself. Why will we put up our public lands for
sale, then ? They never will go except when there
is a demand for them. When a man has more
property than he can use, he must either invest it
or dispose of it, or if he cannot dispose of it, it must
lie by until there is a demand for it. Well, here
we are, the great landlord of the country, with
millions of acres; but these millions are not re-
quired for the convenience and support of the peo-
ple, because they are not in our midst. State upon
State have we created; and yet, because we have
not population to fill them all up at once, we must
give away these lands. This is not right. Who
can so well hold the public lands as the Govern-
ment of the United States? What revenue will we
get from the public lands when they are all given
to the States m which they lie ? Not one dollar for
the General Government. What revenue will the
States get? Nothing, until there be a population
to settle upon them; and they cannot be disposed
of by the States until the population go there.
And when that population go into these States and
want these public lands, they can buy just as I!
well from the Government of the United States |
as from the individual States. There is no doubt
about that. , I
But it is urged again by the Senator from Loui- i
siana that the Government of the United States is j;
incurring annually a large expenditure without /
getting anything from these public lands. Well,
my great regard for the State of Louisiana, and i:
for State rights generally, is such that I will not |i
transfer this loss, this tremendous expense, from !|
the General Government, and put it upon that ^
State. * 11
Mr. DOWNS. The Senator is mistaken in the i
statement that I made. I said that the expense
was so great, and the sale of the lands so small, 1
and diminishing rapidly every year, that, for the , j
last few years, the accounts were about balanced, j
and for the future the United States would prob- j
ably be a loser. ;
Mr. DAWSON. And then, of course, if these ,.
lands be transferred to the State of Louisiana, that |
State would be a loser. ;!
Mr. DOWNS. That does not necessarily fol-
low.
Mr. DAWSON. Well, the question is pro-
pounded , what are we to do with the public lands,
then ? I say they are for the people, and they will
go to the people whenever they are wanted. You
cannot make the people take them. Why, we
have given away more now than the people can
occupy; and why ? Because they all have homes
now, and desire no more land at present.
But, says the Senator from New York, we must
keep the control of these lands in the hands of the
General Government for the purpose of carrying
out his principle, which I say is agrarianism in
its latitude ana longitude; for it places a limitation
upon the right of any man in this country to oc-
cupy or own more than one hundred and sixty
acres of land. And now let me ask him this ques-
tion. He says retain it in the control and pos-
session of the Government of the United States,
in order to carry out and enforce the principle to
which I have referred. Well, now, now can he
carry out that principle and vote for this bill, vest-
ing all the lands in the State of Louisiana in that
State? It cannot be done. Louisiana will do as
she pleases with the land, and the principle of the
honorable Senator can never be executed when the
power of the General Government ceases over the
land.
These are the principles now advocated. The
truth about it is that the public lands are made a
mere battle-door for political purposes; and any
man who has any aspiration to the highest office
in the gift of the people of this country makes it
his business to form his platform upon the public
lands, and the rights and interests of the States
are made subservient to the personal aspirations
of individuals. The great principles of justice
are violated, and the compacts between the States
and the United States are violated, for the purpose
merely of obtaining the support and approbation
of the new States. This is true, and should be
known; and I am prepared to tell it boldly. The
common property, belonging in common to all, is
to be taken away for the benefit of a few. Some
allege one reason, and some allege another. Some
say that it improves the value of the remainder,
others that the swamp and such lands are of no
value to the United States, and they should be
surrendered to the States; and others, again, that
we cannot dispose of the public lands, and there-
fore we must surrender them to the States. Now,
this is a mere avoidance of a principle which
should regulate our conduct—the principle of an
equal participation in all the advantages of this
Government—an equal division of all the public
property of jthe country, if you are going to di-
vide it, and if you are not, then the principle of
keeping the proceeds arising from this property fot
the equal payment of the debts which are due by
the wnole people.
But I said thatl would not 3etain the Senate,
for I had too much respect for their wishes. But
knowing the few days that we have left to us, I did
not expect this discussion to come up; otherwise
I would have been provided with data by which I
would have shown the inequality of the adminis-
tration of the public lands, and the injustice dene
to the different sections of this Union. I would
have done that, sir; but I had no more dream of
being called upon to express a single' opinion upon
the subject of the public lands to-day than I had
of speaking of the Army and Navy of the United
States. But it is against my feelings as one of the
American citizens to do any act on my part in my
representative character which will not operate
equally on every freeman in the Union. I shall
never ask for my constituency a right or an ad-
vantage that I could not with honor yield to all
others when they are justly entitled to the same
privileges as we are. "whenever these principles
are violated, and the country understand it, you
strike a feeling of the human heart that will in-
stantly respond in the cry " injustice," and the
perpetrators of it will be remembered.
I now move, according to my promise, to lay
this bill upon the table.
The question being upon the motion to lay the
bill upon the table, upon a division it was agreed
to—ayes 18, noes 14.
So the bill was laid on the table.
Subsequently Mr. CLARKE moved that the
amendment offered by him to this bill be printed;
which motion was agreed to.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. PEARCE gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to amend an act
entitled "An act allowing compensation to tlTe
members of the Senate and the members of the
House of Representatives of the United States,
and Delegates of Territories," and all other laws
on that subject.
