1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
745
The PRESIDENT. It is printed in italics. |
Mr. UNDERWOOD, (having read the section.) 1
I presume, then, that what 1 was commenting on,
wnich made it the duty of the land officer to select
one hundred and sixty acres of land for each fe-
male over twenty-one years of age, does not apply
unless thev actually settled upon and cultivated
the soil. That will relieve the bill to some extent
from the calculations which I intended to present
to the Senate.
But, according to the third section of the bill,
we have three hundred and twenty acres given to
all single persons who settled there prior to 1848,
and who are in the Territory domiciled at that
time. We have six hundred and forty acres
given to all married persons who settled prior to
1848—half to the wife and half to the husband.
It is proposed to amend this section by reducing
the quantity of land in each instance to one half
what it now is.
Now, I recollect when we were about to admit
California into the Union, that we had estimates
from my colleague and the gentleman from Geor-
gia, [Mr. Berrien,] and others, as to the popula-
tion actually existing in California at the time of
the adoption of her constitution, and when her
members were knocking at our doors for admis-
sion, and no one made his estimate under one
hundred thousand people. "What that population
will be in 1853, the period to which the provisions
of this law are to be extended, my friend from
California knows perhaps a great deal better than
I do. But I think we may safely calculate, if the
past is any criterion for the future, that at the end
of thait period there will not be less than three
hundred thousand persons in California, mostly
emigrants.
Mr. BORLAND. Will the Senator allow me
to suggest that the census shows a population at .
present of two hundred thousand? j
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Then there we data that 1
we can rely upon. This bill extends to some time
in 1853—I think to the Fall of that year.
Mr. FELCH. The first of January.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. There is, then, the re- j
mainder of this year, and there is the whole of 1
next year, in which the population is to accumu-
late in California. Kow, if any gentleman will
make the calculation according to the donations
which this bill makes, he will fiBd that, excluding
the mineral districts, which are reserved from .the
appropriations, and excluding the mountains,
which are not fit for cultivation, this bill just dis-
poses of the whole balance of the country.
Mr. FELCH. I desire to call the attention of
the Senate to the provisions of the bill to which
this amendment of the Senator from Georgia is
offered. I underftand the question now before the
Senate is to strike out three hundred and twenty
and insert one hundred and sixty acres, with a
corresponding amendment to strike out six hun-
dred and forty and insert three hundred and twen-
ty acres, reducing the donations of land one half.
What I wish to say is, that the third section does
not, as the Senator from Georgia seems to sup-
pose, refer to settlements which may be made in
California subsequent to the present time, nor to
those that have been made at a very recent date.
It provides only for cases of citizens who were
settlers there on the 30th day of May, 1848. That
is the only class provided for by this third section.
A subsequent section provides for another class;
and that section, of course, must be a question for
subsequent consideration. This is not, as the
Senator seems to suppose, a case going entirely .
beyond any former legislation upon this subject.
The bill provides for the old settlers of that coun-
try, and it excludes from any grant made to them
all the mineral lands of the country. Now, I do
not suppose that this provision for the class of old
settlers is more liberal than the laws which have
been adopted in other States which have been
formed out of newly-acquired territories. The
grants of land made to old settlers in the territo-
ries acquired by previous cessions to this country
have been as liberal in all cases, I believe, as in the
ease here presented, and in some instances they
have been more liberal. This bill provides for
giving three hundred and twenty acres to each of
these old settlers. In the case of Oregon we gave
the same quantity. But the provisions of this bill
are not as extensive as in the case of Oregon, be-
cause the,time of settlement is different. It gave
it in the cue of Oregon to all the old settlers pre-
vious to the first of January, 1851; this gives it
only to those who settled in California prev'ous to
the 20th of May, 1848. This, then, will embrace
a class which has been referred to in a previous
debate—to wit, the old settlers and residents there
who are without claim of right under the grants
of the former government, and also for those who
have emigrated to that country at the earliest day.
I do not wish to detain the Senate, but merely
to call attention to the fact, that the provisions of
the bill are less liberal than those of the bill rela-
ting to Oregon, which is the only instance where ,
we have made such provisions for a territory upon'
the other side of the continent, and they are very
nearly the same provisions which have been ap-
plied in other cases to settlers under foreign Gov-
ernments in the early settlement of the country ac-
quired from foreign Governments.
Mr. DAWSON. If the Senator from Michigan
[Mr. Felch] will permit me to propound a ques-
tion to him,! would ask him whether, after any
State has been admitted into the Union, the Con-
gress of the United States ever made donations of
public lands to them ? Is there a single instance
upon record?—that is, whether, after a State has
been admitted into the Union, the Congress of the
United States have made donations of public lands
to the citizens of that State ?
Mr. FELCH. I am aware of no instance where
there has been a general provision for a grant of
lands to the settlers of a State after it has been ad-
mitted. I admit that. But there has been legis-
lation giving to certain persons, who are supposed
to be particularly meritorious, grants of land, even
within the limits of States. I may be permitted
to answer, that I am not aware of any instance in
which settlers have gone on to lands newly ac-
quired, in which there has not been an intermedi-
ate time between the settlement of the country and
the organization of the State government, where
the land has not been given to them.
Mr. DAWSON. 1 knew that that was so.
But I intended to state to the Senate that no State
in this Union has ever had public land given to her
citizens, in the Territory, before it became a
State, the principle of preemption was the princi-
ple which was to benefit the people originally, and
that principle at the beginning was very properly
, and boldly opposed. Now, the preemption prin-
' ciple having been established, that has been merged
1 in the principle of donation. It is said that this
principle of donation was established in Oregon.
I mentioned at the last session, when these lands
were being given to the people of Oregon, that it
would establish and would be claimed as a prece-
dent, and other States would ask the same advan-
tages. Now, what is the foundation of giving nil
these lands to foreigners, and all persons who set-
tled in Oregon ? It is that it was a sparsely pop- !
ulated country, in a high northern latitude, and I
that the expense of sending the troops of the Gov- ;:
ernment of the United States there was so great, !:
that, instead of that, it would be-well to hold out '
every inducement for emigration to go there and
protect the citizens, and exempt the country from j
paying the legislative power to control the Territo- :
ry of Oregon. And now the chairman of the Com- ;
mittee on Public Lands, [Mr. Felch,] who rep-
resents the interests of the entice States, comes
here and advances the,principle for the protection
of a Territory to be applied to a State—that is, to
the sovereignty of California. In the State of Cal-
ifornia, organized as such, is not the Government
of the United States divested of all power to con- i
trol, save the same power that she has over all the !
other States of the Union ? We gave these lands
to the people of Oregon to get them to go there to
protect each other against the tomahawk. These
people have run over into California, to dig from
the bowels of the earth the gold that belongs to all
the people of the United States; and yet they turn
round and ask us to do more for them than we
have done for any citizens before, and I am called
upon to be instrumental in this act. Millions of
the public property have been taken, and now the
public property that is left must be given away. {
Here is another idea that 1 must beg leave to
present to the Senate: t say this is the most out- }
rageous bill that has ever been attempted to be .
passed by the Congress of the United States. I
This bill not only extends to the two hundred i
thousand people already there, but it extends to j
all who shall go there up to the 1st of January, i,
1853; and what are we doing by this course of [:
action ? Inducing the people to abandon Oregon
and go over into California, where the lands are
rich, and the prospects of making money a great
deal more promising than in Oregon—thus deso-
lating that section of country that we desire to pro-
tect, and for which purpose we gave bounty land to
get them to go there. No w, I ask the Senators from
the States called the new States, whether you
have ever applied before this period to Congress
to give your people who are there three hundred
and twenty acres of land to the single, and six
hundred and forty acres to the married? And
upon what principle are you doing this now ? Is
it for the purpose of protecting the citizens of Cal-
ifornia? It cannot be that; for the Senator from
California Baid on yesterday that California de-
sired you to remove all your troops from her ter-
ritory, as she was capable of sustaining and main-
taining her own sovereignty. And yet we pro-
pose to give—just multiply two hundred thousand
by three hundred and twenty, and it will show the
number of millions of acres of land that we are
now asked to give—sixty-four millions of acres,
now to be given; and then you must find how
many persons, young and old, will go to Califor-
nia between now and the 1st of January, 1853,
which you will find will bring the population Of
the country up to some five hundred thousand, be-
cause the inducements are so strong; and you can
then have some idea of the quantity of land that
you will be giving away. They have now all the
gold, and they will have all the land.
I would rather—and before I would vote for this
bill I would do it—I would rather surrender to
California every claim that we have over the gold
mines and the soil than to pass this measure: for,
in truth, we will have given away every acre of the
public lands, and then appoint officers to go there,
under salaries paid by us here, to execute every
part of this duty, without a particle of taxation
upon the citizens of California. Now, these are
truths—these are facts. I say they cannot be
controverted. I would be glad to hear the Sena-
tor, with all his power and ingenuity, and great
energy and perseverance in behalf of California,
refute the grounds that I have taken in regard to
this matter.
Mr. SHIELDS. I did not mean to say a word
on this occasion, but I must make a few remarks
in relation to the position taken by the Senator
from Georgia. There is a great deal in what he
has said, I must confess, and-some of his general
principles are correct; one of which, in relation to
California, is, that a great many of the emigrants
have gone there for the purpose of mining, and
not for the purpose of cultivating—for the purpose
of digging gold, and not for the purpose of farm-
ing; and it will require a strong inducement to get
these erfligrants to abandon the piines, in order to
turn their attention to the cultivation of the soil.
I will say, further, that the country to which this
law applies is different in all respects from any
other portion of the United States with which that
gentleman or myself is acquainted. The land
and soil there, in order to be cultivated with suc-
cess, must be cultivated by irrigation. The coun-
try is Asiatic in its formation, and it cannot be
cultivated upon ordinary principles, as in the new
States with which we are acquainted. We wish,
as a matter of policy, to divert as many as possi-
ble from mining operations—to convert them into
farmers and tillers of the soil. That is the prin-
ciple upon which I sustain this bill.
The population of California is a most anoma-
lous one now—almost all miners, none cultivating
the soil, but all digging for gold. I hold, there-
fore, that it is high policy to offer a large induce-
ment to these men to abandon the mines and cul-
tivate the soil of the country. Every man who
is acquainted with that country knows that it re-
quires large tracts of land in California to cultivate,
owing to the manner of cultivation in such coun-
tries. Canals, aqueducts, and all these things,
have to be constructed for the purpose of irriga-
tion. But, after this bill passes, and after all
these inducements, you will never be able to in-
duce these men to leave the mines, and turn their
attention to cultivation, as long as they can find
gold in the mines. Now, what I say is this: If
you wish to build up in California a permanent,
well-regulated, and orderly society, you must
make every inducement—give them every induce-
ment to abandon the mines, and turn to cultivating
the soil. This bill is founded upon that principle
