746
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 27,
and for that purpose; and upon that principle I
voted for it in the committee—not because it is a
general principle, but because it cannot apply to
any other country. Does any man suppose that
California can exist in its present condition ? Has
any Senator ever seen such a society before ? Not
a woman there; all are men—none are cultivators, j
but all are miners. You must hold out induce-
ments to bring these miners from their gold mines
to tilling the soil, and also hold out inducements
<o bring the ladies to that country, in order to as-
sist in the formation of society there, which will >
lead to the settlement of the country.
But I do not wish to waste the time of the Sen-
ate. A great deal could be said upon this subject.
I do say this: that if California is to continue a |
State in this Union—if you are to convert that
population into such a population as is found in
Georgia, Illinois, Kentucky, and the other States
of this Union—you must hold out even further in-
ducements than this bill gives to turn the popula-
tion from mining to a cultivation of the soil of the
country.
Mr. BELL. We have but little time to give to
this bill, or any other which we have to act upon,
and I therefore do not propose to enter into the
general principles which have been suggested by I
the other side. The Senator from Illinois [Mr j
Shields] has undoubtedly opened ground of a j
large ana liberal policy, to show us there should j
be some discrimination properly made in regard j
to California. But I wish, if I can, to call the at- \
tention of the Senate, in the limited time that we
can give to this bill, to a single point, upon which
we can make a successful attack upon this bill—
that is, those of us who think that the Senator
from California [Mr. Gwin] is making demands
upon the bounty and liberality of the United
States rather too large and extensive. Now, with
regard to the present motion to amend, I under-
stand it to be to reduce the quantity of land pro-
posed to be given to actual settlers in California.
Now, I understand from the Senator from Mich-
igan [Mr. Felch] that the quantity of land pro-
posed to be given by this bill is not larger than
the amount given to actual settlers in Oregon. If
that be true I wojuld suggest to my friend from
Georgia if it is worth while to contend against a
precedent established in the neighboring Terri-
tory, although he and I both opposed that propo-
sition.
Mr. DAWSON. The Territory of Oregon is
under the protection of the Government of the
United States. California is now a State, and we
have no right to control her internal affairs.
Mr. BELL. I would ask the honorable Senator
if it is likely that we will succeed in our opposition
to this bill ?
Mr. DAWSON. We can have the satisfaction
of having voted rightly.
Mr. BELL. If we vote rightly, that will be of j
little consequence. As an individual, I opposed
the bill regulating our policy upon this subject in
Oregon. Now it is passed and established, and
here are now neighbonng territories and people.
But the discrimination between a Territory and a
State I think is not well founded. It is not so
much in relation to the policy of encouraging emi-
gration to California that this appropriation in the
third section of the bill is made, as it is in relation
to justice to individual emigrants. I understand t
that this very section is limited to those individuals
or families who emigrate to California under the
saroa circumstances of privation, and peril, and i
insecurity, with regard to the fortune tney might
expect to meet there, as the emigrants to Oregon.
It is founded in justice and the ordinary liberality
of the Government of the United States to the in-
dividuals themselves. They went there with no
inducements held out by the sudden discovery of
gold deposits in that region, but under the same
circumstances which led the emigrants to Oregon, j
Now, we have rewarded the emigrants to Oregon
with similar donations of the public lands, and I ,
do not think we can hold this up as a sound policy
to discriminate between them. I am disposed to let
this go, because we were equally liberal to the
settlers in Oregon.
There is another point to which I wish to call
the attention of the Senate. Although I listened
to the remarks of the honorable Senator from Illi-
nois [Mr. Shields] with great attention, yet I am 1
not satisfied with regard to this point, to which I j
wish to call the attention of the Senator from Cali- '
fornia. The third section of this bill not only pro-
poses to give a quarter section of land to the pres-
ent inhabitants of California and citizens of the
' United States, to every unmarried man there, and !
all who filed a declaration of an intention to be-
come citizens of the United States—a quarter sec-
tion to the unmarried man, and a half section to
the married man—but it proposes to give it to those
who shall become residents prior to the year 1853.
Now, is not this asking too much—more than is
demanded by the necessities and condition of Cali-
1 fornia, peculiar and anomalous as they may be ?
Do you want any further inducement to send men
or families to California than you now have? We
have been liberal and bountiful to all those who
went out there under circumstances of privation,
peril, and uncertainty as to whether a inan should
' leave the United States to go there. That is one
thing. But here you not only go on in the third
section of the bill to provide for those actually in
California; but you go another step, and say that
you will give this donation to every man who will
become a resident there before the year 1853. Now,
this is a point at which I think an attack can prob-
ably be successfully made upon the extremes to
which this bill proposes to go in relation to these
| public lands.
Now, I do not think that the distinction between
I a Territory and State makes any great difference;
j and as regards the suggestion which requires great
inducements to be held out in California to the in-
habitants to become cultivators of the soil, there is
no doubt of their being needed. But, under the
present circumstances of the country, I doubt
; whether there will not be strong inducements—
1 whether strong and great inducements do not ex-
i ist at the present time to convince them that they
will realize greater profits from the cultivation of
' the soil than they would to seek sudden fortunes
I by going to the mines. But suppose that you are
to hold out these inducements to all the present in-
habitants of California; what are the provisions of
the bill ? I will say nothing at this time in regard
to those who are to arrive in California prior to
the year 1853. Why, if any man shall settle down
upon any portion of land, and cultivate a portion
of it for three years, he becomes entitled to a fee-
simple estate, by patent from the United States
for a quarter-section of land, if he be single; and
if he have a family, to three hundred and twenty
acres. Does that compel them to become cultiva-
tors of the soil? Not necessarily so; but it is a
temptation to a man to make a small settlement,
enclose a small spot of ground, and by afew hours'
labor in each week or month of the season of cul-
tivation, so as to enable him to show that he has
cultivated half an acre, a quarter of an acre, or
even a rood of land, then to claim a patent for his
quarter or half section, as the case may be. You
cannot secure the consummation of the policy upon
which you base the appropriations in this sec-
tion.
! But, as I said before, we cannot go fully into the
considerations of this question. But I think the
measure demanded and contended for by the Sen-
ator from California is too large—at least in this
respect.- Ought he not to cut it down ? Is there
any ground for a discrimination between California
' and Oregon in this respect ? Is there any ground of,
sound policy to hold out inducements to emigrants to
California not only from the United States, but
from every portion of the civilized globe—to all
i persons who shall declare their intentions to be-
i come inhabitants of California? Is not California
demanding too much of her friends when she asks
that this provision shall be extended to 1853?
Sir, I have thrown out these observations, but
as we had not time I was not able to go fully into
j this matter. I hope, however, that the sugges-
tions that I have made will be thought of, and that
j Senators will think of this matter in their action
j upon this bill.
I Mr. MASON. At the last session, when the
j bill was pending before the Senate providing for
the survey of lands in Oregon, I objected, in a
very brief argument, to a clause pretty much of
the character of that now commented upon by the
, Senator from Georgia and other Senators upon the
| other side of the Chamber—a provision in the bill
by which not only are the public lands given
away, but a provision by which all are invited,
whether citizens of the United States or not, to
: come and take them. The Senate, according to
i my recollection, by a very decided vote at the last!
session, refused to strike this provision from that
bill. And all that I expect to do now is to draw
the attention of the country, and more particular-
ly that section of the country from whence I come
—the people who entered so decided a remon-
strance against the admission of California to their
exclusion—to draw their attention to the fact, that
this country, which, besides the blood that was
shed in the war with Mexico, has cost our peo-
ple, taking into consideration the expenses of the
war, more than a hundred millions of dollars, is
no longer treated as the property of the nation.
Why, it was the expectation of some of the sim-
ple-minded amongst us that there would be some
retribution at least in the sale of the public domain
to reimburse the expenses of the war. But, on
the contrary, a policy is recommended here by a
standing committee of this body, to give these
lands away to all who will come to take them, and
invite them to come for that purpose from every
quarter of the globe.
Sir, the reason assigned by the Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Shields] as reconciling him to the
policy of this bill was, that it would invite miners
to come from the mines and make themselves
cultivators of the soil. If that argument were
well founded, I apprehend it would weigh but very
little in determining what the policy of the Gov-
ernment is in relation to the property of the Gov-
ernment. But will it have that effect ? If there
be any of the population of California now who
are disposed to give up the golden hopes that have
attracted them to the mines, and transform them-
selves into cultivators of the soil, are there not
abundant inducements in the quality of the coun-
try to induce them to do so, when they know that
whoever settles upon the public land and cultivates
a portion of it is entitled to a preemption in the
portion of land that he cultivates? And if there
be anything necessary to invite miners to become
cultivators of the soil, it is there already. In rela-
tion to Oregon, it was vindicated upon the ground
that it was necessary to get persons to go there.
But look at California. The population of this
country has been drained to go there, not for the
purpose of cultivating the soil certainly, but for
the purpose of digging into these mines—-for the
purpose, without license, of converting the public
property to their own use.
Now, in relation to Oregon, this was the policy
adopted by the government of the Territory, and
it appropriated the property of the Government
and the Territory. It is now proposed to extend
it to a State. California has been admitted into
the Union upon an equal footing with the other
States. But who pretends that California has
been admitted into the Union, not upon an equal
footing with the other States, but admitted into
this Union under circumstances which entitle her
' to ask or will permit us to grant to her privileges,
immunities, and a bonus that never nave been
fiven to or asked for by any one of them whatever
ut in reference to California itself? By what
authority does this General Government under-
take, not to invite our own people from the other
States to go there to take up our lands, but to
bring them, by the promise of a gratuity, from
every quarter of the globe, and make them citizens
of California?
I have not risen to discuss this question. I take
it for granted, from what we saw at the last ses-
sion of Congress, that this bill is to pass, and
very much as it is now, with the provisions which
are in it. But I have risen more to call the atten-
tion of my people to the condition in which they
stand in this Confederacy, and to the practical op-
eration of this General Government upon the in-
terests—the pecuniary interests—of that people
that they required to contribute, as we say, more
' largely than any other portion of the community,
to purchase this land, and then that it should be
given away to others to their exclusion. That is
the principal object that I desire to attain by rising
now. I will vote for the amendment of the Sena-
tor from Georgia, which will obviate the objection
to this bill to some extent.
Mr. GWIN. I believe that I can very easily
I dissipate the apprehension which the Senator from
Georgia entertains in regard to the enormous
! amount of donations that are to be made by this
provision of the bill. It makes donations to those
citizens of California who were actually cultiva-
j tors of the soil in 1848, at the date of the ratifica-
I tion of peace. Now, we have an estimat# of the
