1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
747
population of California at that period, and it is
about sixteen thousand. That estimate, I think,
is not far from the truth. Of these inhabitants
there could not be more than three or four thou-
sand persons who would come under the provis-
ions of this act, for all the owners of land in the
country would be excluded under this section. It
must be known that four fifths of the population
of California at that day were inhabitants of vil-
lages and pueblos, and had their property there,
and we have passed a bill through the Senate pro-
viding for the ascertainment of their rights to
that property. The section declares—
" That this donation shall not be made to any person who
claims any othertract of land in the said State, under any
complete or inchoate title, or for any land rightfully claimed
by any other person, or to the mineral lands of the United
States in said State, or lands included in or occupied by
any town or village, or which may have been reserved for
any purpose whatever."
Now, I venture to say that there will not be
found five hundred persons in California who act-
ually cultivated the soil at that time who will
claim this donation; so that the apprehension in
regard to the large amount of land that will be do-
nated is without any just foundation.
But I will make another statement: This pro-
vision is intended for the old inhabitants of Cali-
fornia—those who cultivated the soil in 1848.
Now, we know that there were very few of those
who cultivated the soil, unless they had ranchos,
where they kept stock. Therefore the provision
will extend to an extremely limited number of the
people of California.
Another thing: It is only giving to those ancient
inhabitants precisely the same privileges that we
gave to the people of Oregon* only that we do not
extend the provision as far. We extended it in
the case of Oregon not only up to the time that
she was recognized as a Territory of the United
States, but up to the time of the passage of the
act. It extends in California only to the year
1848; in the case of Oregon it extended to 1850.
Now, it was not given to the people of Oregon
to encourage emigration, because it extended only
to those who had already got there; nor was it for
the purpose of protecting the country, because
there was no need of protection. The Govern-
ment of the United States, it is true, sent troops
there; but that did no good. The object of the do-
nation was to induce the settlors to cultivate the
soil, and become permanent inhabitants.
Now, I wish to call the attention of the Sena-
tor from Georgia to another provision in regard to
these old settlers. They must not only have cul-
tivated this land in 1848, but they must continue
to occupy and cultivate it for three years after the
passage of this law, or they get no land. They
have, therefore, to be continuous in their occupa-
tion and cultivation, or they forfeit the benefit of
these lands; and, in the mean time, if they trans-
fer it, they forfeit it likewise. The object is to
make the agricultural population permanent.
There is one thing I wish to be borne in mind:
The whole of the mineral land is excluded from
' its operation. Now, in regard to the new popu-
lation that has gone there, I coincide fully with
the statement of the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Shields,] that it is the interest of the State of
California to have more cultivators of the soil and
few miners. We never can fix our population
there unless we hold out some inducement by
granting donations or preemption. And the priv-
ileges asked for in this bill have been extended to
our neighbors in Oregon, and, upon the principles
of justice and equality that should characterize
our legislation, they should also be extended to
those who are separated from Oregon only by an
imaginary line. I ask it as a matter of equality
in legislating for the same section of country.
The emigrants to California have suffered, per-
haps, more than the emigrants to Oregon; and it is
a matter of great importance to have a fixed and
settled population for California as well as for
Oregon. I have heard it stated, that for want of
rain, it is not profitable to cultivate the soil in
California. That, 1 am convinced, is not true.
I have never seen a finer agricultural country in
the rainy season than California, and, with irriga-
tion in the dry season, fine crops can be produced
in the valleys of the rivers. We only want a
fixed agricultural population in order to secure our
prosperity.
Now, I want it understood that if any person
to whom the land is given shall not occupy it for
the space of three years after the passage of this
act, he forfeits it, and if he sells it he forfeits it.
The object is to make a fixed population of culti-
vators of the soil, and if they do not continue to
cultivate it they get no title.
Sir, I know that debate defeats this bill. I rest,
therefore, upon the former legislation in regard to
similar donations made, and upon more favorable
! terms, to the citizens of Oregon, and I -hope that
' the same parties who advocated the policy of that
legislation will stand by this bill.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The argument
made for this system of donations in California
seems to be mainly that like donations have been
made to emigrants to Oregon, and that like suffer-
ings have been endured in going to California.
Our position is really a little extraordinary. It is
but a short time since we passed a law, most strin-
gent in all its provisions, in relation to lands held
i by the old inhabitants of California. Persons
1 whom we find there holding continuously for sev-
enty or eighty years are now to be subjected to
all the forms and rigors of law to prove that they
' have a perfect grant for the land that they and their
fathers before them peaceably possessed; now we
are about to give the land away to all recent emi-
grants, or to all who will be induced to go and set-
ue upon it before some time in 1853. It seems to
me if the Government was in a condition to give
these lands away, they had better have raised no
question as to the titles held by the Mexicans whom
we found in the country, but have given it to those
who would have had it and occupied it, had the
jurisdiction not been transferred. But having sub-
jected them to the greatest rigors of the law, and to
the closest investigation of title, I supposed it must
: have been because the Government intended to as- j
j sert their right, as far as they had one, to hold ;
I that land for the public and common benefit.
The case of Oregon is wholly unlike that of
California. It is as unlike as a proposition would
have been in the settlement of the United States,
that because lands were granted in Virginia or
South Carolina, lands should also be granted in the
same quantity to the counties of England. All
governments grant freely from their domain when
| it is unsettled or in a wilderness condition, in order
1 that they may secure population upon it. Our
I grants in Oregon were for a two-fold purpose,
mainly, I think, to secure permanency in the lo-
cation of those that were there, in order to pro-
duce provision necessary for the military defence
of the country and to invite further emigration.
Our object was to settle the country. In the State
of California this cannot be required. If half we
have heard of the immense population there can
be believed—if there be a population of two hundred
thousand—if the resources of that State be equal,
the inducements half as great as they have been
represented to be, there is no necessity for any
further attraction to lead emigrants to that coun-
try. Two hundred thousand is said to be the
population now; one hundred thousand would be
enough to defeat the whole argument.
This is the second instance, Mr. President,
when we have been called upon to adopt this
principle of donations. I opposed it in the case
of Oregon; the precedent, therefore, has no bearing
upon me. But it is not a precedent for this case,
because the circumstances are wholly dissimilar.
Heretofore, it has not been a donation but pre-
emption which has been granted, and that much
has been obtained for pioneers only by a severe
struggle in both Houses of Congress. Preemp-
tion has been granted to those who went upon the
public lands; not as the Senator from Georgia
[Mr. Dawson] assumes, on the same principle in-
volved in this bill. I think the very principle
1 which sustains preemption denies donations. The
i policy of preemption rests mainly upon this posi-
, tion: that the public domain is the property of all
! the citizens of the United States, held in common
and for their joint benefit. One of the joint own-
ers of that public domain goes upon it and incor-
porates his labor with it. The land still belongs
in common to the people of the United States; but
his labor was his own, and in giving him a pre-
emption we suppose he will get the land for what
it would have been worth if he had not incorpo-
I rated his labor upon it. That is the principle of
preemption. A donation is the reverse of this.
' It denies that the property is held for the common
benefit for which that common property must
be applied. .Donation is, then, the reverse of pre-
emption. It makes an exception in favor of the
individual, against the property right of all the
rest. Not so with the preemption; that recog-
nized only the common right, and left to the indi-
vidual the results of his own labor.
But, Mr. President, where are the mineral
lands in California? They are said to be ex-
cepted. Who shall tell where they are? The
mineral of California lies in the mountains, thrown
up by ancient volcanoes. That mineral is borne
down to the plains by streams that percolate
these mountains; and the plain which has no min-
eral in it to-day may at the next freshet be cov-
ered with glittering particles of gold. Where,
then, are the mines of California? Who has ex-
plored their hiding-places, and can tell where they
are to be found ? They have yet but looked at
the surface, to pick up the glittering treasure from
the sand; they have not yet gone beneath to see
what deposits centuries nave covered with river
detritus and mountain washings. Until they do
all this, who can tell where the mineral lands in
California are?
But, sir, we have a sacred obligation, to those
Mexicans who remained in the country to become
citizens of the United States. We are bound to
protect them in the enjoyment of their property
and their civil rights, according to the treaty under
the guarantees of which they became citizens of
the United States. This system of donation, if
adopted, comes exactly in conflict with their whole
system of settlement. It will build up from day
to day new claims to contest these ancient titles.
It is known to all that their lands were not laid off
in squares—that grants were not made of quar-
ter, naif sections, and whole sections of land, but
in narrow strips, along streams from which they
irrigate their fields. This bill proposes to locate
these six hundred and forty acres of land in one
body, which would cover probably twenty or
thirty of the oldest grants of the Mexican Govern-
ment. These have been put under a cloud by our
legislation, requiring proofs according to the reg-
ulations of our Government. They have not the
kind of paternal care over them which the viceroy
of Spain gave. Now, you propose to cover these
very lands over which you nave already thrown a
cloud with a new system of titles by donation,
whence Government gratuity is to-come in conflict
with the possessory right of those who have tilled
the soil of the country for more than half a cen-
tury.
I should be glad if this bill were stripped of
everything except the creation of a surveyor gen-
eral to promote the survey of the lands, looking
to their future disposition. When we know
where the grants are—when we know where these
settlements are that claim additional legislation—
till then I hope to see this whole system post-
poned.
On motion by Mr. MANGUM, the further
consideration of the bill was postponed, and the
Senate proceeded Jo the consideration of execu-
tive business; and, after some time spent therein,
the doors were reopened,
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 28, 1851.
After the reading of the Journal—
Mr. McWILLIE, from the Committee on
Printing, made a report on the case of Thomas
Ritchie, (referred back to that committee some
days since, with instructions to inquire whether
the contract for the printing of the Thirty-first
Congress had been complied with on the part of
Thomas Ritchie, and what has been the amount
of his losses on that account,) reporting back the
original resolution referred to them; which report
ana resolution are as follow:
The Committee on Printing, to whom was referred the
joint resolution for the relief of Thomas Ritchie, in refer-
ence to the public printing, with instructions to report
"whether Mr. Ritchie has executed the public priming,
having regard to the quality of the work and to time, agree-
ably to his contract, and what sum he has lost by his con-
tract," report: That they have had the same under consid-
eration, and that they are satisfied that the quality of the
work has been according to the contract, except as to the
weight of the paper used in printing the extra numbers.
And it is proper in this connection to state, that the paper
used in printing the regular numbers was of a quality better
than that required by the contract; and that the statement
of Mr. Farnhani, from whom Mr. Ritchie purchased all the-
paper, is, that the cost of the paper used by Mr. Ritchie
