750
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 28,
Carncr, Chandler, Clingman, W. R. W. Cobb, Daniel  '1 MeGaughey, McKissock,McQueen, Meacham, Daniel F.
~ ~ " r, Dimmick, Dunham, Edmundson, Eliot' | Miller, Moore, Morris, Nelson, Ojte, Orr, Otis, ^Phelps,
Danner, Debernr, lnmmic*, uuuumi, uummnuun, miw
Ewiug, FeatUeriloo, Kuller, Gilmore, Goriuan, Green, Hall"
Hamilton, Hammond, Haralson, Harlan, Isham 6. Harris,
Sampson tV. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Haymond, Hib-
bard, Hilliarrt, Hoailand, Ilolladay, Holmes, Howard, Inge,
Joseph W. Jackson, James L. Johnson, Robert W. John-
son, Jones, La Sere, Letter, Levin, Littlefietd, Job Mann,
Mason, McCleriiand, McDonald, McDowell, McLanahan,
Knbert M. McLane, Finis E. McLean, McMullen, Mc-
Willie, Meade, John K. Miller, Millson, Morehead, Morri-
son, .Morton, Olds, Outlaw, Parker, Peaslee. Peck, Penn,
Potter, Powell, Richardson, Robbins, Robinson, Sou,
Savage, Sawtelle, Seddon, Shepperd, Frederick P. Stanton,
Ktcbara H. Stanton, A. H. Stephens, Sweetser, Taylor,
Thomas, Jacob Thompson, James Thompson, John B.
Thompson, VenaNe, Walden, Waldo, Watkins, Wellborn,
Whittlesey,' Williams, Wright, and Young—113.
So the IJouse refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
The question now recurred upon ordering the
main question upon the passage of the resolution.
•Mr. WENTWORTH called for the yeas and
nays; but they were not ordered.
The question was then taken and the question
was ordered to be put.
The question now being, " Shall the resolution
pass?"
Mr. EVAN'S demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered; and the question being taken,
resulted—yeas 106, nays 101—as follows:
YEAS—Me*an. Albertaon, Ashe, Aslimun, Averett,
Bay, Bayly, Beale, Bell, Bissell, Rocock, Bowdon, Boyd,
Breck, Brings, Brooks, William J. Brown. Buel, Bullard, E.
C. Cabell, George A- Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Oartter,
Chandler, Clingman, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Danner, De-
berry, Dimmick, Dunham, Edinunson, Eliot, Ewing, Feath-
cnton, Fitch, Fuller, Gilmore, Gorman, Green, Hamil-
ton, Hammond, Haralson, Harlan, Isham G Hams, Samp-
son W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Hayroond, Hibbard,
Milliard, Hoagland, Holladay, Holmes, Howard, Inge,
Joseph W. Jackson, James L. Johnson, Robert W. John-
son, Jones, La Sire, Lefller, Levin, Littlefield, Job Mann,
Mason, McClernand, McDowell, McLanahan, Robert M.
McLane, Finis E. McLean, McMullen, McWillie, Meade,
John K. Miller, Millson, Morehead, Morton, Olds, Outlaw,
Parker, Peck, Penn, Potter. Powell, Richardson, Robbins,
Robinson, Ross, Savase, Sawtelle, Seddon, Shepperd,
Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Alexander H.
Stephens, Sweetser, Taylor, Thomas. Jacob Thompson,
James Thompson, John B. Thompson, Venable, Walden,
Wellborn, Whittlesey, Williams, Wright, and Young—
106.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Anderson, Andrews,
Bennett, Bingham, Booth, Bowie, Brisbin, Albert G.
Brown, Burrows, Bart, Batler, Joseph Cable,Calvin,Casey,
Clarke, Cleveland, Coleock, Cole, Conger, Corwin, Crniv-
ell, Dixon, Duer, Duncan, Durkee, Alexander Evans, Na-
than Evans, Freedley, Gentry, Gerry, Giddiugs, Gilbert,
Gott, Gould, Grinnell, Hall, Hallowar, Hampton, Hebard,
Henry, Houston, Howe, Hunter, William T. Jackson, An-
drew Johnson, Julian, Kerr, George G. King, James G.
King, John A. King, Horace Mann, Marshall, Matteson,
McGaugbev, McKissock, McQueen, Meacham, Daniel F.
Miller, Moore, Morris, Morrison, Nelson, Ogle, Orr, Otis,
Peaslee. Phelps, Phoenix,Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds,
Sisley, Rockwell, Root, Rose, Rumsey, Sackett, Schenck,
fichermerborn, Schoolcraft, Sylvester, Spaulding, Sprasue,
Stanly, Thaddeus Stevens, Stetson, Thurman, Underbill,
Van Dyke, Vinton, Waldo, Wallace, Watkins, Went-
worth, White, Wildifek, Wilmot, aqd Woodward—101.
Mr. OWEN, his name being called, said he had
paired off with another member, or he should have
Toted for the resolution.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. McWILLIE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted, and moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. WENTWORTH demanded the yeas and
nays; which were ordered; and the question being
taken, resulted—yeas 109, nays 90—-as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Ashe, Averett, Bay, Bayly,
Beale, Bell, Bissell, Bocock, Bokee, Booth, Bowdon, Boyd,
Breck, William J. Brown, Buel, E. C. Cabell, George A.
Caldwell, Jos. P. Caldwell, Cartter, Chandler, Clingman,
W. R. W. Cobb, Danner, Dtberry, Dimmick, Dunham,
Edmundson, Ewing, Featherston, Fitch, Fuller, Gerry,
Gilmore, Gorman, Green, Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, Har-
alson,^'Harlan, Isham G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris, T. L.
Harris, Haymond, Hibbard, Hilhard, Hoagland, Hoiladay,
Holmes, Howard, Inge, Jos. W. Jackson, J. L. Johnson,
K. VV. Johnson, Jones, La Sire, Lefller, Levin, Littlefield,
Job Mann, Mason, McClernand, McDonald, McDowell,
McLanahan, Robert M. McLane, F. E. McLean, McMul-
len, McWillie, Meade, John K. Miller, Millson, Morehead,
Morrison, Morse, Morton, Olds, Outlaw, Parker, Peaslee,
Peck, Penn, Potter, Powell, Richardson, Robbins, Robin-
ion, Ross, Savage, Sawtelle, Seddon, Shepperd, Frederick
P. Stanton, Alex. H. Stephens, Sweetser, Taylor, Thomas,
Jacob Thompson, James Thompson, John B. Thompson,
Venable, Walden, Waldo, Watkins, Wellborn, Whittlesey,
Williams, and Young—109.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Anderson, Andrews,
Bennett, Bingham, Brisbin, Albert G. Brown, Burrows,
Burt, Butler, J. Cable, Calvin, Casey, Clarke, Cleveland,
Coleock, Cole, Conger, Corwin, Crowell, Dickey, Dixon,
Duer, Duncan, Durkee, Alexander Evans. Nathan Evans,
Freedley, Gentry, Giddings, Gott, Gould, Grinnell, Hal-
•oway, Hampton, Hebard, Henry; Houston, Howe, Hunter,
Wm. T. Jackson, Julian, Kerr. George G. King, James G.
sting, John A. King, Horace Maim, Marshall, Mattejon,
Phonix, Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Rulcy, Rockwell, Root,
Rose, Rumsey, Sackctt, Schenck, Schermerhorn, School-
craft, Silvester, Spaulding, Sprague, Stanly, T. Stevens,
Stetson,Thurman, Underbill, Van Dyke, Vinton, Wallace,
Wentworth, White, Wilinot, and Woodward—90.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the ta-
ble.
Mr. McWILLIE moved to strike out the title
of the resolution, and insert the following:
" A joint resolution for the relief *f William M. Belt, and
bis assignee Thomas Ritchie, and for other purposes."
And Mr. McW. demanded the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. WENTWORTH hoped the title would
remain just as it was.
Cries of "Order!"" order!"
The demand for the previous question was sec-
onded, and the main question ordered.
( The question was then taken on agreeing to Mr.
McWillie's substitute for the title, and it was de-
cided in the affirmative.
Mr. WENTWORTH demanded the yeas and
nays, but they were not ordered.
Mr. W. then demanded tellers on the yeas and
nays—not ordered.
So the title as amended was agreed to.
Mr. McWILLIE moved to reconsider the vote
just taken, and moved to lay that motion on the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY asked the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a resolution to make it in
order for the Committee of Ways and Means and
committees of conference to report at any time
for the remainder of the session.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, desired to
know if it was to be restricted to appropriation
bills?
The SPEAKER said that the resolution referred
1 only to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, objected.
Mr. McGAUGHEY asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to report from the Committee
of Elections a resolution to pay certain contest-
ants.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, objected.
CANADIAN RECIPROCITY, &C.
1 Mr. DUER said: I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. At the last session of Congress a bill
was reported by the Committee on Commerce,
commonly called the Canadian reciprocity bill,
being a bill, to admit certain articles of the
' growth or production of Canada into the Uni-
ted States, tree of duty, on condition that the like
the articles of growth or production of the United
States be admitted into Canada free of duty.
That bill was referred to the Committee of tne
Whole on the state of the Union. I made a mo-
tion to reconsider the vote by which it was so re-
i ferred, and I now call up that motion.
I do not intend to enter into an argument upon
this subject. I shall leave it to the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. McLane,] the chairman of
the Committee on Commerce, to make such re-
| marks as he shall think proper and necessary. It
I would gratify me, from the great interest which
1 my constituents have in this matter, to present to
the House the views which I entertain upon the
subject; but I abstain from doing so under a con-
viction that by such a course, at this late period
i of the session, I should not promote, but rather
obstruct, that action which both they and I de-
sire. It is my hope the House will consent to act
upon the question in one way or another—pass
tne bill or reject it. I think that there is not much
force in the argument that this question has not
been discussed. It has not been possible to dis-
cuss it, and probably never will be, under our
present rules in this House. It has, however,
been fully discussed in the Senate. Those gentle-
men who have desired to inform themselves upon
i the subject, have had an opportunity of doing so;
and those who have not done it, probably would
! not if the matter should be postponed for ten
j years I will briefly state what is the character
of this bill, as the chairman of the Committee oh
Commerce proposes to amend it.
Mr. JONES, (interposing.) What is the ques-
tion before the House?
The SPEAKER. The question before the
House is on the motion to reconsider.
Mr. JONES. Can this question come up now
when the main question has been ordered to be
now put on another bill ?
The SPEAKER. A motion to reconsider, in
the opinion of the Chair, can come up, because it
is made a privileged motion by the rules of the
House. No motion could come up that was not
made a privileged question by the rules of the
House.
Mr. DUER, (resuming.) I was simply saying,
when interrupted, what the bill, as it is intended to
be amended by the chairman of the Committee on
Commerce proposes to do. It is known that a
portion of the Canadian trade passes through the
river St. Lawrence, a channel of communication
that is closed to this country, and that another
portion of that trade, under the drawback system,
passes through the canals of the State of New
York, and the Hudson river, and in that way
reaches the mother country. Now, this bill pro-
poses to do these two things: It proposes to open
the St. Lawrence river to the American trade and
to open the canals of New York and the Hudson
river to the Canadian trade. It proposes to open
: the St. Lawrence, and thereby confer a benefit
upon the agriculturists of the western States, and
: to give to our chain of communication the advan-
tage of the export trade of the agricultural prod-
ucts of Canada. These are the provisions of the
bill so far as it relates to an exchange of agricul-
tural products.
Mr. HILLIARD, (interposing.) I desire to
ask the gentleman from New York if the privilege
is not confined to the products of the two countries
respectively, and not extended to importations?
Mr. DUER. Certainly. In the bill as it now
stands the reciprocity is confined to agricultural
products, but tne chairman of the Committee on
Commerce proposes to make a material, a valu-
able alteration in the bill.
Mr. ASHMUN, (interposing.) Will the gen-
tleman allow me to ask him whether he thinks he
can pass this bill at this late period of the session;
and whether he thinks that he ought to press it,
considering the condition of the public business ?
Mr. DUER. That is a question for me to de-
cide. It is a question of propriety; and on such
questions I judge for myself.
Mr. CASEY, (interposing.) I desire to ask
the gentleman if this bill does not propose to in-
troduce into this country, free of duty, the agri-
cultural products of Canada?
Mr. DUER. I have expressly said so. That
is what I have just stated. The bill proposes that
there shall be an exchange of certain specified
agricultural products. That is knowledge which
any gentleman can acquire by reading the bill,
which is a very short one. But I am not going to
argue the question myself, and I do not wish other
gentlemen to argue it by putting questions. A
free exchange of agricultural products is the main
feature of tne bill; and I would be willing to make
a similar bargain with any nation on the face of
the globe.
But the chairman of the Committee on Com-
merce proposes to amend the bill in an important
respect. He proposes that we shall agree to what
Canada offers us, upon the express condition that
she shall receive the manufactured goods of this
country upon the same terms that she receives the
manufactures of Great Britain, which is a merely
nominal, or at least-a very low rate of duty. In
other words, it is opening the British American
Colonies to our manufactures without any prefer-
ence or discrimination whatever in favor of the
mother country. Now, I think this simple state-
ment is enough, and I will not enlarge on it. It
is most apparent that the bargain is one by which
we cannot lose. I will say Dut one word more,
and then I will yield the floor to the chairman of
the Committee on Commerce, [Mr. McLane.]
Mr. SACKETT. I wish to ask the gentleman
one question. If we can compete in the market
of Canada with the manufactures of England,
what do we want a tariff for?
Mr. DUER. The gentleman may answer the
question to please himself. That may be a very
proper anti-tariff interrogatory by-and-by, but I
am not discussing the tariff now, and therefore
shall not answer it. In point of fact there is al-
ready a considerable and rapidly-increasing export
trade of American manufactures to the Canadian
provinces. There seems to be an impression in
some sections of the country that the wneat-grow-
ing interest may be injuriously affected by this
measure. If that were so to some slight extent
the competition in the domestic market would be
