t52
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 28.
consider'. The amendment was read for inform-
ation.
Mr. CLARKE. I rise to a question of order,
and it is this: A question of great importance arises
before the House. My colleague [Mr. Duer] rises
and makes his motion and a speech, and th en he sur-
renders the floor to the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. McLane;] he surrenders it to the gentleman
from Michigan, [Mr. Buel;] and they have all the
discussion amongst themselves; and right in the
midst of it the previous question is moved. It may
be. in pursuance of the rules of this House, but it
is not in pursuance of the rules of reason. [Laugh-
ter, and shouts of "Order!"]
The SPEAKER called the gentleman to order.
Mr. McL'ANE demanded the previous question
on the motion to reconsider the vote by which the
House referred the bill to the Committee of the
"Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. ASHMUN moved to lay the motion to re-
consider upon the table.
Mr. RUMSEY called for the yeas and nays on
that motion.
Mr. ROBBINS inquired if it was in order to
move to postpone the:'further consideration of the
subject till to-morrow?
The SPEAKER replied, not pending the de-
mand for the previous question.
Mr. RUMSEY -withdrew the call for the yeas
and nays.
And the question being taken on Mr. Aihmuw'j
motion, it was decided in the affirmative.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upcm the
table.
- HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I understand
that this' question is now disposed of.
The SPEAKER stated that it was disposed of.
Mr. JOHNSON said: A short time since there
was a motion made by the gentleman from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Jwlian,] to reconsider the vote referring
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union the bill to encourage agriculture, commerce,
and manufactures, and all other branches of indus-
try, by granting to every man who is the head of
a family and a citizen of the United States a home-
stead of a hundred and sixty acres of land out of
the public domain, upon condition of occupancy
and cultivation of the same for the period therein
specified. I now move to take tip that motion.
Mr. J. then continued: I wish merely to say to
the House on this occasion but a few words, for I
know the strong desire that exists that we should
press through the business absolutely indispensa-
ble to the country, with as little discussion as pos-
rible. It i<B not my intention, therefore, to make
a speech; but I must nevertheless be permitted to
say, that this question, among others, is one of the
most important to the country that has ever been
presented to Congress. I have said I do not intend
to consume time with a speech, still a proposition
in which the interest of thousands of the people of
the United States is involved is one, I think, that
does ofaim the attentive consideration of this
House for a short time.
The bill provides a home of one hundred and
Bhtty acres of land for every landless head of a
family 
Mr. McCLERNAND. I rise to a point of or-
der. There is so much noise and confusion in the
Hall we cannot hear a word.
Mr. JOHNSON, (in continuation.) Mr. Speak-
er, if i can gain the attention of the House I will,
in ten minutes, dispose of this subject. My ob-
ject is to reconsider the vote by which the House
agreed to refer this bin to the Committee of the
Whole. I have so amended the first section of
the bill as I think will now place the bill in a con-
dition that will be unexceptionable to anybody—
unexceptionable to the most fastidious upon this
subject. I will now send the bill to the Clerk, in
order that it may be read.
The Clerk then read the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. Gentlemen will perceive, I
think, that the bill is now so framed and adapted
as to be unexceptionable to any one. The amend-
ment! haveincorporated proposes to do this,thatan
individual locating land must make his entry within
the limits of the State. And here I would suggest
to many of my southern friends, many of whom
I know are laboring under a misapprehension in
relation to this matter, and believe that there are a
"tuck grsater number of quarter sections of land
in the free States than there are in the slave States
] —when we come to examine this subject we find
: that it is quite the other way,—that there are near-
' ly one hundred and twenty-six thousand five hun-
dred more quarter sections of land unlocated in
the slave States than in the free.
This bill, as I have said, provides that an indi-
vidual locating land shall make his location within
the limits of the State. What is the next provis-
ion? It proposes that in giving to corporations,
States, canals, and so forth, thatalocation shall be
made of alternate quarter-sections, so that the other
sections may be rendered more valuable to Gov-
ernment. By this arrangement it may possibly,
and very probably will, result that the alternate
sections that are unlocated will become so much
more valuable as to actually yield the value of both
sections,
I know the House is impatient to get to other
business, and, therefore, I will pass to the consid-
eration of other provisions in the bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS, (interposing.) I would sug-
fest to my colleague, that if he wishes to pass the
ill at this late period of the session, he should
cease addressing the House, and let us vote. I
think that with the amendment he proposes, that
this bill shall not take effect until after the next
session of Congress, if we can come to a direct
vote the bill will pass.
Mr. JOHNSON. I thank my colleague for the
suggestion, and so encouraged by him, and with
no disposition to consume time, I will, with one
further remark, move the previous question. I
wish to make one remark in reply to the objection
that this bill invites foreigners to come here and
settle on our public lands. I wish to say that it
provides no such thing. It merely provides for
those who are now inhabitants of the United States
and have become citizens.
Mr. McCLERNAND, (interposing.) I wish
to suggest that I think gentlemen are prepared to
vote for something of this kind. For one, I am
for it. I hope, therefore, that the gentleman will
move the previous question, and bring us to a vote
at once.
Mr. JOHNSON. I thank the gentleman for his
suggestion, and I will make but one other remark,
ana that is, that this bill has been submitted to the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, and I
have his letter here stating that the bill is admira-
bly drawn up and admirably calculated to accom-
plish the object intended.
I have no disposition to consume the time of the
House; but I ask the House, in the name of the
landless thousands of the United States, after ap-
i propriating millions of acres of the public domain
for other purposes, to reconsider this vote, bring
the bill back before the House and put it upon its
passage, and thus assure the landless thousands of
our country that there is hope of the American
Congress giving them all homes and abiding-places.
It will be a powerful incentive to improvement,
and will promote the best interests of the country.
I move the previous question.
Mr. CONGER. On my motion some weeks
ago, this bill was sent to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. I made the
motion for the purpose 
[Cries of "Order!" " order!"]
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order pend-
ing the demand for the previous question.
_ Mr. CONGER. Then I move to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. JULIAN demanded the yeas and nays;
but they were not ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, called for tell-
ers; which were ordered; and Messrs. Julian and
Cable, of Ohio, appointed.
Mr. SWEETSER demanded the yeas and
nays.
The SPEAKER stated that the yeas and nays
had been refused.
The question was taken, and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 92, noes 54.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
So the bill stands committed to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
CHARGES AGAINST MR. WEBSTER.
Mr. JULIAN asked the unanimous consent of
the House to offer a resolution, stating that if ob-
jection was mads he would move to suspend the
rules.
The SPEAKER said, that the resolution would
be reported, but that a motion to suspend the rules
was not now in order.
Mr. BAYLY said that he should object to the
resolution, whatever it might be.
The Clerk read the resolution. It is as fol-
lows:
Whereas it is important to the wise and pure administra-
tion of the Government that its high officers and functiona-
ries should be free from undue influence of anv persons
representing particular classes or interests in the State:
And whereas it is especially important that venality in
such officers, under whatever form or disguise it may as-
sume, should be rebuked by tlie Representatives of the peo-
ple:
And whereas a member of this House has, upou his per-
sonal responsibility, charged that the present Secretary of
State, before bin acceptance of said office, did enter into an
arrangement with certain capitalists in an eastern city, by
which a large suin of money was agreed to be paid to him
as an inducement to take upon himself that office, the said
arrangement having been suggested and proposed by the
said Secretary:
And whereas the said member has also declared his be-
lief that in fulfillment of said arrangement a large sum of
money, supposed to be between forty and fifty thousand
dollars, has been paid to said Secretary by certain persons
in the cities of Boston and New York: Therefore, be it
Resolved, That a committee of this House be appointed
to investigate said charge, and report thereon, with power
to take testimony and send for persons and papers.
The SPEAKER asked if there was any objec-
tion to the consideration of the resolution?
Mr. CALDWELL, ofNorth Carolina, objected.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The SPEAKER stated that the question before
the House was on the amendments to the Army
appropriation bill, reported last evening, from th®
Committee of the Wnole on the state of the Union.
The question was first upon the amendment to
strike out lines 150 and 151, aa follows:
" For a survey of the harbor of Mobile, in rsfcmnee to k*
improvement, $5,000"—
On which a separate vote had been demanded
by Mr. Alston.
Mr. ALSTON said that he had not trespassed
on the House this session, and he appealed to th«
House to allow him to explain the object of this
appropriation.
[Cries of " Agreed!"]
The SPEAKER stated that it could only be
done by unanimous consent.
Mr. CARTTER objected.
Mr. BURT demanded the yeas and nays
amendment; but they were not ordered.
Mr. ALSTON asked for tellers; but they ware
refused.
And the question bang taken, the amendment
was not concurred in.
The question was next upon concurring in th*
amendment to strike out lines 152, 153, and 154;
as follows:
" For completing the survey and laying out a military
road from Mendott, on the Mississippi, to the mouth of the
Big Sioux, on the Missouri, $5,000"—
On which a separate vote had been demanded.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was concurred in.
The question was next on striking out lines 159,
160, ana 161; as follows:
" For the further prosecution of the roads from Point
Douglass, on the Mississippi, to the St. Loiusriverof Lake
Superior, $30,000"—
On which a separate vote had been demanded by
Mr. Siblet.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was concurred in.
The question was then taken on striking out
lines 162 and 163:
" For the further prosecution of the road from Point
Douglass to Fort Gaines, $20,000"—
On which a separate vote had been asked by
Mr. Siblet, and was decided in the affirmative.
So the paragraph was struck out.
The question was then on striking out lines
164 and 165:
" For the (tardier prosecution of the road from Swan river
to the Winnebago agency, $15,000;"
And, being taken, was decided in the affirma-
tive.
So the paragraph was struck out.
The question was then taken on striking out
lines 166 and 167:
" For the further prosecution of the road from Wabasha*
to Mendota, $15,000;"
And was decided in the affirmative.
So the paragraph was struek out.
