754
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 28,
Thompson, Thiirmiui, Underbill, Watkins, Wentworth,
Williams, and Young—91.
So the House refused to go into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved that
the House resolve itself into Committee of die
Whole on the private calendar, and called for the
yeas and nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, were—yeas 62, nays 109—as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Averett, Bay, Beale, Bell, Bingham,
Bocnek, Bowdon, Bowlin, Brisbin, Joseph Cable, George
A. Caldwell, Daniel, Danner, Diuimick,Dunham, Edmnnd-
 on, Evving, Featlieraton, Fuller, Gerry, Gorman, Hall,
Hamilton, Hammond, Haralson, Isliam G. Harris, Hibbard,
H.illaday, Howard, Joseph W. Jackson, Andrew Johnson,
Jones, Littlefield, Marshall, Mason, MeLanahan, McMul-
len, McQueen, MeWillie, John K. Miller, Millson, Morri-
• son, Orr, Owen, Parker, Penn, Phelps, Powell, Kobbins,
Ross, Savage, Sawtelle, Seddon, Alexander H. Stephens,
Thomas, Jacob Thompson, James Thompson, Toombs,
Venablo, Walden, Wallace, and Woodward—62.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Allen, Anderson,
Ashmun, Bayly, Bennett, Bissell, Bokee, Booth, Bowie,
Briggs, Brooks, Albert G. Brown, Buel, Burrows, Butler,
Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvin, Cartter, Casey, Chandler,
Clarke, Cleveland, Clingiuan, W. R. W. Cobb, Cole,
Conger, Corwin, Deberry, Dickey, Dixon, Doty, Duncan,
Durkee, Eliot, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans, Fitch,
Freedlev, Gentry, Giddings, Gilinore, Goodenovv, Gott,
Gould, Ilalloway, Hampton, Thomas L. Harris, Hay,
Haymond, Hebard, Henry, Hilliard, Houston, Howe,
William T. Jackson, Julian, Kerr, George G. King, James
G. King, John A. King, Levin, Horace Mann, Job MaAn,
Matteson, McClemand, McDonald, McGaughey, McKis-
sock, Moore, Morris, Morton, Nelson, Ogle, Otis, Outlaw,
Peaslee, Peck, Putnam, Heed, Reynolds, Richardson, Ris-
ley, Robinson, Rockwell, Rose, Rumsey, Sackett, Sciier-
merhorn, Schoolcraft, Shepperd, Silvester, Spaulding,
Frederick P. Stanton, Thaddeus Stevens, Stetson, Swect-
ser, Thurman, Undcrhill, Vinton, Waldo, Watkins, Well-
born, Wentworth, White, Whittlesey, Williams, and
Young—109.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The question recurred on seconding the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. ASHMUN said: I have voted as long as I
think it expedient for Miss Dix, and I desire the
bill to pass; but I think that we ought first to at-
tend to more important public business. 1 there-
fore move that the rules be suspended, and the
House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. BISSELL called for tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. White and Richardson
appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers reported
—ayes 93, noes 58.
Mr. BISSELL demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. ORR moved that the House adjourn.
The question was taken, and the House refused :
to adjourn.
The yeas and nays being taken on Mr. Ash-
mun's motion, were—yeas 98, nays 80; as follow: |
YEAS—Messrs. Andrews, Ashe, Ashmun, Averett. Bay, ;
Bayly, Beale, Bingham, Bocock, Bowdon, Bowlin, Breck, I
Brisbin, Brooks, Buel, Burt, Joseph Cable, George A. j
Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Clingman, Williamson R.
W. Cobb, Colcock, Daniel, Danner, Diinmick, Duncan,
Dunham, Durkee, Edmundson, Eliot, F.wing, Featherston,
Fuller, Gerry, Giddings, Gorman, Hall, Hamilton, Ham-
mond, Haralson, Isliam G. Harris, Haymond, Hibbard,
Hilliard, Holladay, Howard, Joseph W. jackson, Andrew
Johnson, Jones, George G. King, Littlcfield, Job Mann,
Marshall, McClernand, McKissock, McLanahan, Robert
M. McLane. McMullen, McQueen, MeWillie, Meade, John
K. Miller, Millson, Morehead, Morrison, Morse, Morton,
Orr, Owen, Parker, Peck, Penn, Phelps, Phoenix, Powell,
Putnam, Robbins, Ross, Savage, Sawtelle, Seddon, Shep-
perd, Richard H. Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens, Stetson,
Thomas, Jacob Thompson, James Thompson, Toombs,
Vinton, Walden, Waldo, Wallace, Wellborn, White, Whit-
tlesey, Wildrick, and Woodward—98.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Anderson, Bell,
Bennett, Bissell, Bokee, Booth, Bowie, Briggs, Albert G.
Brown, Burrows, Butler, Cartter, Casey, Chandler, Clarke,
Cleveland, Conger, Corwin, Debet ry. Dickey, Dixon, Doty,
Alexander Evans, Nathan Evang, Gilinore, Gott, Gould,
Halloway, Tliomas L. Harris, Hay, Ilebard,Henry, Howe,
William T. Jackson, Kerr, James G. King, John A. King,
Horace Mann, Matteson, McDonald, McGanghey, Meach-
nm, Moore, Morris, Ogle, Outlaw, Peaslee, Pitman, Rey-
nolds, Richardson, Risley, Robinson, Rockwell, Rose,
Rumsey, Sackett, Schoolcraft, Spaulding, Sprague, Fred-
erick P. Stanton, Sweetser, Underhill, Van Dyke, Wat-
kins, Wentworth, Williams, and Young—80.
So the rules were suspended.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Richardson in the chair,) and took up for
consideration the naval appropriation bill. |
The reading of the bill in full was dispensed |
with, and the committee proceeded to consider it !
by paragraphs.
The Clerk reported the first paragraph.
Mr. MEADE. I move to strike out the first
paragraph of the bill, and I make the motion for
the purpose of submitting some remarks to the
committee, more particularly on the subject of an
amendment which 1 intend to offer to the bill in
the progress of its consideration.
Mr. ASHMUN, (interposing.) I beg the gen-
tleman to allow me one moment.
Mr. MEADE. For explanation ?
Mr. ASHMUN. Yes. I want but one mo-
ment.
Mr. MEADE. I will yield the floor for expla-
nation.
Mr. ASHMUN. It is entirely for that—for
nothing else—that I want the floor. A few mo-
ments ago, in the House, I made a motion to go
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and in doing so, I stated that I had voted
earnestly and in good faith four or five times for
a lady, and I used her name. I intended to have
said, for the bill which she has advocated so zeal-
ously. J t has been suggested to me that the use
of her name, under these circumstances, might
seem to reflect upon that lady—the last thing on
earth I should be capable of doing. I only in-
tended to allude to the measure which her human-
ity has suggested, and which she has followed up
with such praiseworthy energy.
Mr. MEADEimade some remarks [whieh will
be found in the Appendix] on the constitutional
power of Congress to make appropriations in sup-
port of foreign mail steamer service, and in favor
of new lines proposed by Mr. Thompson
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, next obtained
the floor, and said: I do not intend to enter into
anything like an argument, or to make an hour
speech upon this subject, but I intend to address
the committee for a few moments in reference to
the contested point between my colleague from
Tennessee [Mr. Jones] and the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Meade,] and in reference to the opin-
ions of Mr. Secretary Preston. Now, sir, at the
time Mr. Preston was Secretary of the Navy, I
had the honor occasionally to converse with him
on these subjects, and I became perfectly well ac-
quainted with his views in reference to these war
steamers. I know that lie was of the opinion that
war steamers would not answer the purpose of
carrying passengers and freight and mails; but,
sir, I do not pretend to say how far Mr. Preston's
opinions were influenced in this particular by his
opinions on another particular, for he was distinct-
ly and entirely opposed to the whole plan, and
was in favor of abolishing as far as he could the
lines already established. Now, sir, I have had
occasion to examine into this subject, and I can
tell my friend and colleague [Mr. Jones] that he is
utterly mistaken, and that Mr. Preston was utter-
ly mistaken, in supposing that steamers built for
this purpose are not fit for war steamers. From
the examinations that were made before the Na-
val Committee, I think every gentleman who
was present there became satisfied of the fact
that the Atlantic and Pacific of the Collins line
are more substantially built and stronger ves-
sels than any vessels ever built for the Navy of
the United States, or for any navy that floats upon
the sea. There is no question of that fact. And
I tell you here to-night, that the idea that has been
so industriously circulated in various quarters that
these steamers are not built strongly enough for
war purposes is altogether fallacious. Any man
of ordinary intelligence and of any experience in
these matters who has considered the subject for a
single moment, must know that a vessel of the
size of these—three thousand tons burden and
holding an engine of one thousand horse power,
contending against wind and wave—must be built
as strongly as it is possible to build a -vessel of
wood and iron. This has been done; and in
building these vessels of the Collins line means of
strengthening them were adopted, that never have
been adopted in the Navy of the United States, or
of England. I do not hesitate to say here, that the
Collins vessels are twice as strong as any vessel
ever built in the Navy of the United States, be-
cause they are braced with iron braces in two
ways. The braces cross each other, while in ves-
sels of the United States Navy the braces are only
used in one direction, and mathematicians will tell
you that the strength is not merely doubled by
this means, but quadrupled.
But, sir, I will present another view in reference
to the use of these steamers. I do not hesitate
to say here to-night—after having looked into the
subject very fully, and being at the same time per-
fectly well aware that this idea will strike some
naval men with surprise, and perhaps not be as-
sented to by many experienced officers of the Na-
vy—yet I do not hesitate to say, that the next
naval war will be conducted almost entirely in
steamers.
Mr. BOWIE, (interposing.) I beg leave to
ask a question of the chairman of the Committee
on Naval Affairs. I understand the gentleman to
state, that an investigation has recently been had
by that committee into the question of the availa-
bility of mail steamers as war steamers. 1 beg
leave to ask him whether, in the course of that ex-
amination officers of the Navy were examined or
consulted ? I ask this question because the Secre-
tary of the Ni^r, in his annual report, states that
" In consequence of the adaptation of mail steam-
' ers principally for speed and transportation, it
' has been doubted, by officers of great intelli-
' gence, whether they can be converted into war
' steamers of the first class without much additional
• expense, since they have neither the strength to
' bear heavy armaments, nor to withstand can-
' nonading." I should like to hear whether that
opinion is correct or not?
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. The exami-
nation which was made into this matter by the
Naval Committee, was incidental in its character.
It was not an examination instituted or pursued
with a view of ascertaining this information It
came on incidentally in the course of other investi-
gations. It is true that we had before us a gentle-
man who had been a long time in the Navy ser-
vice, and who stated the manner in which these
vessels were built and put together and fastened,
and also the manner in which vessels built for
the Navy are put together and fastened, but there
was not a rigid investigation, nor one that
was sufficient to determine the point to which the
gentleman from Maryland alludes. Speed and
power of concentration constitute the most im-
portant qualities in vessels of war, as th'ey do ill
armies. It was by this power of combination or
concentration that Napoleon gained his great vic-
tories, and that all great generals have been suc-
cessful. And so it will be upon the sea. There is
another point. If any of the members of this com-
mittee have taken the trouble to examine into the
experiments which have taken place at the navy-
yard in Washington city, or have read the reports
of the Ordnance Department, they will find that
thirty-two or forty-two pounder guns, heretofore
used principally upon our ships of war, will be
abandoned, and guns of larger calibre and heavier
metal will be adopted in their stead. It has been
found from experiments which have been tried at
the navy-yard, upon a target placed at a distance
in the middle of the Potomac river, that ten inch
balls or ten inch shells, whether solid or hollow,
pass through a thickness of three tiers of timber,
where thirty-two pounders remain in the target and
do little'or no damage. Now, take shells of eleven
inches in diameter, which will inevitably be used
hereafter in naval battles, and plant one of them in
the side of a ship, and she is gone inevitably. I
care not whether she be a steamer or a sailing
vessel, plant one of these shells in her side and let
it burst, and she is gone. And,sir, in all future
naval battles it will be a question of speed of ves-
sels and skill in gunnery. Two ships well armed
and manned will destroy one another; and by this
means you will have brought the art to the highest
possible capacity of destruction, and when you
come to that point, you have done more for peace
and for humanity than you can do by any other
means. When you send two vessels to encounter
upon the ocean, with an absolute certainty that one
must go down, and with a possibility that both
may go down, I apprehend that thecause of quar-
rel must be a very grave and serious one before
these means will be resorted to.
Now, sir, you must see that since the art of
gunnery has arrived at this point—and every gen-
tleman who will take the trouble to inform himself
will see that it has—it is a matter of no conse-
quence, so far as the effect of that is concerned,
whether the vessel be a steamer or a sailing ves-
sel. To be sure a steamer is generally somewhat
more vulnerable than a sailing vessel, because you
may strike her machinery and disable her by one
of these large shot, which, planted in the hull of
