1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
757
the use of others, that it did incur some kind of j
indebtedness. I have always understood that a '
national credit is all of which a national debt is
constituted. I have always understood that the
whole obligations of Government were those re-
quiring a redemption of that credit. If it be true
that lending our credit is not incurring a degree of
indebtedness, then one of the most brilliant discov-
eries of modern times has been made. This blind
discovery of Mr. Thompson, and sustained hy
my friend from Virginia, and by the honorable
chairman of the Committee 011 Naval Affairs, is
one far greater than any other discovery of theage
—a discovery to which Morse's telegraph, and
every other discovery of science, is mere child's
play. They have discovered how, without the
expenditure of a single dollar, they can cover the
ocean with the smoke of your steam vessels.
But, sir, everybody knows th# it will not cost
Thompson anything; it is not to cost Government
anything; so, as a natural conclusion, we are to
believe that it will not cost anybody anything.
You are to lend Thompson $5,000,000—that will
cost you nothing; he is to advance §1,000,000 and
add to that amount—that will cost Thompson
nothing, for.he can make $1,000,000 out of your
$5,000,000 by merely a few judicious operations
in your stock. This is a wonderful discovery in-
deed—to build steam vessels—to provide ourselves
with war steamers, and all this to be done without
the cost of a single dollar to anybody.
Mr. STANTON here made a remark wholly in-
audible to the Reporter.
Mr. VENABLE. Mr. Chairman, I give notice
that I cannot yield the floor, and I hope and trust
that I shall not be interrupted again. I was speak-
ing of the amendment proposed here with regard
to Mr. Thompson's line. I asserted, as you will
remember, that at the present price of six per
cent, stocks, redeemable in fifteen years, he will
be able, by selling the stock in the market, to re- !
alize the one million of dollars that he is to put in.
But the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Meade]
told us last night, that this scheme will not cost
the Government one dollar. Now, it certainly
will cost the Government precisely the amount ot 1
the interest on the sum which we are to advance.
But, sir, what is our security? The gentleman
talks about security. Suppose that all these ves-
sels blow up, or burn up, or are lost at sea, will
this House, that yesterday discharged the public
printer from his contract, ever hold this man to
his agreement? I ask you, will it ever do it?
What is our own experience ? What did we do
yesterday ? I voted to discharge the public printer I
from his contract. I blame no man for doing it.
But I say that this House, which yesterday dis- ;
charged that man from his contract, will never
make Mr. Thompson pay for these steamers, if.
they should be blown up, or sunk in a gale. Sir, ■
if I had not heard individuals coming here and :
asking for thirty millions and seventy-five millions
of acres of land to build a railroad, I should have
been astonished at the modesty of the proposition,
by which two or three individuals come here and <
ask this Congress to give them five or six millions
of dollars, upon such security as is offered here.
Sir, when the rural population which I represent
want money, they have to go forth into the forest,
and into the fields, and earn it by the sweat of,
their labor. They have never asked this Govern-
ment for five or six millions of dollars. When
the planters and cultivators of the soil want any- ;
thing, they depend upon their own enterprise, and '
ask not the credit of the Government.
But, sir, I ask you, will any man say that the
power to provide and mantain a Navy ever con-
templated the building of ships which, in all prob-
ability, will never be used for the purposes of war ?
Where, I ask you again, is the power to mantain
a navy to carry commerce, to carry passengers, .
or to carry letters? When did the Government
ever undertake such a thing? Never but in one
instance, to which I will allude presently. Is the
Treasury of the United States to enter into com- 1
petition with individual enterprise?—to cripple and
break down the enterprise of the people, for the
benefit of a few favored individuals, who have no
higher claims than, to quote the language of the i
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Meade,] that they
neither wise nor dine, and are as modest as a girl
of sixteen.
These are the great merits upon which this
scheme is urged here. This application is made '
to relieve your Treasury from any possibility of
an overflowing abundance. " A modest," an un-
assuming, a " timid" gentleman comes here and
| demands of you that you shall let him dip his
]' arms to the elbows in your public Treasury, in ,
1 order to break down individual enterprise, under ;
the assumption that he will conduce to the pros-
1 perity and wealth of the country. The prosperity ,
of the country is not thus subserved; its wealth is
not derived from such a source; it is from the toil- ,
ing enterprise and untiring industry of your citi-
zens that the wealth and prosperity of the nation
come. It is not for us to assist in a grand mo-
nopoly of the steam vessels of the country. It is .
not for us to lavish all the treasures of the country
on such enterprises, when your gallant tar that
braves the storm, borne in his vessel by the free
winds of heaven, has never asked you for any- :
thing to pay for his vessels. He is willingto give
his labor aud his life to defend your country, and
he thinks not of coming here to demand from you
assistance to accomplish what his own individual '
exertions and enterprise has hitherto accomplished.
. If you aid iu such schemes as these,—it' you assist
in such monopolies, you will inevitably break
down individual enterprise, by destroying that
self-reliance that is the strength of a people and the
wealth of a jiation. You will crush this individual '
enterprise—an enterprise that you may thus de-
stroy, but cannot create, in a day. If you must ,
patronize steam vessels, why do you not equally
assist your sailing marine ? If you will give money
to help in the construction of your steam marine,
why do you not give it as lavishly to help the sons :
of the West, to build those beautiful floating
palaces that adorn and enrich your western waters?
, It would seem as if your lordly steamers that emit i
1 such clouds of smoke, are by that very smoke to '
! blind and dazzle your judgment, are to be looked j
upon and favored as if they were the aristocracy of ;
j the marine of your country. On these aristocratic i
j steamers, it seems all your favors are to be pro- ;
I fusely scattered, whilst the plebeian craft are to be '
: passed over as altogether of secondary and incon- '
• siderable importance. All the treasures of your >
I public credit must be then poured into the lap of
■ these lordly steamers. You will drive all others j
! from you unassisted, their poverty their crime. 1
i But, sir, I am told of the great advantages that !
these war steamers will bring to the country; that !
they will cost us nothing, that they will support
themselves, and yet that they shall be at the ser- 1
II vice of the Government for its protection at all
moments, to defend our mercantile marine and j
our ocean frontier. It seems to be considered ,
j enough that you are told that they will be the sal-
: vation of this country in any future war, and
j this, it is expected, will act like some electric :
I shock, and urge you to embrace and support them
! as your dearest, most necessary friends. Sir, if
we were to obtain the utmost advantage claimed,
if it is to be purchased by the sacrifice of our con-
stitutional duties, it is dearly bought. If it is to
be purchased by the sacrifice of those principles
placed around us for the protection of our rights,
it is dearly bought indeed!
The power conferred upon us by the Constitu-
tion to build ships for a Navy for the public de- ;
fence, is not a power that was ever intended to be ,
used in the construction of steam vessels. It will j
not justify us in accepting the proposition of Mr. j
Thompson, or any other gentleman, to build ten
steam vessels for mercantile purposes, on the plea
that they shall be kept ready for the purposes of
Government, and for the national defence. I was
silent when it was proposed that we should build
steamers to carry our mails, because I did not then
find that there was anything in the proposition '
that justified the supposition that they would be a
charge upon the public Treasury. When I shall
learn that to establish post offices and post roads 1
across the Atlantic is constitutional, then I will 11
admit our right to accede to this proposition. j
But, Mr. Chairman, what is the reason of these '
applications ? Why does Collins also com# now, ,
and knock at the door and ask you to increase the
stipend that he is to receive from the Treasury?,
Why is it, I ask, tliat the projectors of all these i
lines of steamers now come and demand at the
hands of the public that they shall be built on the ,
public money ? Go to the Mississippi, and to the : j
great lakes, and ask who it was that studded and i
spotted over with steamers those grand lines of!!
communication ? They will tell you it was the
hardy sons of the West, who, with their own hard-
earned means, free from Government influences,
hewed down the timbers of the forest, and wrought
with their own hands these monsters of th« deep,
to go forth to the world as the highest achieve-
; ments of industry and enterprise. Have they
asked you for aid ? Have they come to the public
Treasury for aid, and sacrificed their independ-
ence? No, sir; no. With the chivalry they
have always manifested, with the bold daring
which has enabled them to conquer the forest,
1 drive out the savage, and make it the habitation of
civilized man, they have piet all these difficulties
and conquered them, and the monuments of that
, conquest are to be seen in a prosperity which has
' neither limit nor termination. They have never
asked you for a single dollar. And now, because
the bankers and brokers and jobbers of State
street and Wall street—because gentlemen who
are "as modest as a girl of sixteen," and who
"neither dine nor wine," demand it, the hard
earnings of the rural population of the country,
who never received a dollar of the public money,
are to be employed to break down individual en-
[ terprise, and concentrate the power in a city which
is already bearing down by the weight of its iron
arm on the rural population of our country. 1
! am to go to the people I represent, and tell them
j that they are to pour forth the treasure which they
| have struggled to acquire into the laps of northern
I bankers and ship-owners, for the construction of
! war steamers. The sailor that relies upon the
, winds to drive him on his way, is to be frowned
upon by this Government,—Government is to
turn from him, to raise up a competition that is
to break him down, and build up the capitalists
and stockholders of Wall street and of State
street.
If it is so—if Congress will determine to lavish
its bounties so, I want to go home and tell my
people. I want to go home and tell them that you
are giving the money that they have helped to raise
into the hands of the bankers, and brokers, and
capitalists, and great city merchants, who come
here with their schemes. I want to tell them that
you are ready to do this, whilst if the poor man
comes here, the man who rises early ana toils late
to earn his own and his family's subsistence, whose
industry and exertion make this country wealthy,
that this man is to be made poorer to make the
rich richer. I will tell them the whole truth upon
i this subject—how that the Treasury is being
drained out by their schemes, and a burden being
accumulated upon their shoulders.
I heard the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs say yesterday, that he had not consulted
with naval officers in relation to the construction
; of these steamers. Now, I have done so; and I
have got to find the first commodore, captain, lieu-
! tenant, or other naval officer that is of opinion that
these mercantile steamers will be of the slightest
service as war steamers. It is a delusion. They
cannot be expected to be, and they will not be of
the slightest use. I heard three experienced naval
officers say, a few days since, that if in the late
storm in which the Ohio was caught, she had had
her guns and armament on Loird, she would have
gone down in the troughing of the sea, and nothing
short of a miracle could have saved her.
Mr. MEADE. Will the gentleman yield me
the floor ?
Mr. VENABLE. I do not wish to be inter-
rupted.
Mr. MEADE. 1 merely desire to ask if the
gentleman supposes that if the naval powers of
England and Prance know anything about these
matters they would have commissioned so many
steamers for these purposes?
Mr. VENABLE. I will reply to the gentle-
man from Virginia with great pleasure. I never
yet believed that the people of England and France
knew anything more about these subjects than we
did. We whipped England once with our ships.
Mr. MEADE. We whipped her with her own
vessels, and we intend to do it again.
Mr. VENABLE. Very well; we never yet
had a sailing vessel that could not cope with the
marine of England, as 1812 sufficiently showed.
Mr. SCHENCK interposed a remark altogether
inaudible to the Reporter.
Mr. VENABLE, (in continuation.) It is a
remarkable fact, that we cannot produce men who
know anything about this matter at all. Last
night we were told that a Secretary of the Navy
