7W
tHE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
knew nothin** about it because he came from the
interior of Virginia; and that another Secretary
was equally ignorant because he was from North
Carolina. None of my witnesses knew anything1
about it; no one but the people of France and
England knew anything about the adaptability of
mercantile steamers to war purposes. If we are
to purchase these war steamers at the price that
England pays for them—the insolvency of the
country—the trampling down of the population—
a tax-ridden people,—I do not want to have the
■upremacy of the seas. Why, sir, every commer-
cial man knows that the supremacy of the seas is
never settled.
Why, sir, look at the history of Phoenicia. They
once held the supremacy of the seas, but how did
they hold it? By crushing down the energies of the
people. Spain, too, once boasted of her invincible
armada; and Holland and her Van Tromp threat-
ened they would sweep every English sail from the
seas. But all have passed away; they were all sup-
ported by the ruin of the people. England—is she-
the mistress of the seas? She is not the mistress
of the Atlantic! In every sea our sails and spars
are seen—our glorious flag is floating high, and all
that sails under that flag is respected and secure.
That flag has gone forth and rebuked the hand
that would have soiled its folds—it has asserted
the rights of the people that rest secure under its
protection. Sir, to be an American citizen, is not
to hold a heart full of fear. Let all the armaments
of the civilized world come, and as in 1812, they
•will find hearts of courage, with heads full able to
direct the hands that stand ready to achieve all
that valor, patriotism, and right can do. Let them
come and they will find men of undaunted courage,
led by a spirit that in the days of revolutionary
glory kindled brighter as the strife of conflict be-
came hotter and thicker.
I now come to an interesting portion of the sub-
ject. I mean the proposal to add to this bill a
provision for three steamers to run to the coast of
Africa. I am glad that the chairman of the Naval
Committee does not cover up the main object of
these steamers under the pretence of mail facili-
ties, or anything' else, but admits that the princi-
pal object is to transport the free black population
of the United States to Africa.
Mr. Chairman, on a former occasion I an-
nounced to this House that the colonization
■cheme, as a means of relieving this country of
the free black population, was an absolute failure.
I have before me evidence of that failure in a let-
ter from the Secretary of the Colonization Society.
I addressed a letter to him, and asked how many
inhabitants there were in the Liberian Republic
who had either been sent from this country to
Africa, or were the children of those who had
been sent there. Why', sir, during the thirty
years during which it has been in existence, only
seven thousand have been sent, and there are but
four thousand seven hundred now living there,
who have either gone from this country or are the
children of those who have gone. It has, there-
fore, completely failed as a means of removing the
free black population of this country. But, sir,
according to the statement made by Mr. Clay at
the Colonization meeting, this scheme goes fur-
ther, and looks to the ultimate extinction of sla-
very amongst us. The gentleman from Tennes-
see [Mr. Stanton] tells us that this scheme is to
save the Union, f confess that, for myself, I can
see no connection between the removal of the free
blacks and the preservation of the union of the
United States. I can say, sir, of the free black
population of North Carolina, that they are a
peaceable, quiet, unoffending race of people. I
know that we might have a worse population. A
population might come there that would govern
me. I govern them; and I do not want to ex-
change them for a population that would rise up
and govern me, ana who have no sympathy with
me or with my institutions.
It seems that seven thousand free negroes have
been sent to Liberia, and that there are four thou-
sand seven hundred left of them and their de-
scendants. This scheme would carry some eigh-
teen hundred or two thousand there a year. Now, !
if we were to confine our operations to this Dis- 1
trict,and to send the ten thousand loafish, worth- !
less, ignorant free blacks of this District to the
Republic of Liberia, they would completely over- ]
whelm and destroy it. 'Isthat benevolence? Then, '
sir, you must either employ force or persuade them [
to go ta a country not fit to live in. If you im-
pose upon weak minds and persuade them to go,
it is unjust; and if you force them to go by the
strong arm of the Government, it is tyrannical.
Sir, the free blacks are citizens in many States.
In my own State they exercise the right of suf-
frage, and what right has this Government to seize
the citizens of any State and send them to Libe-
ria? Sir, this whole colonization scheme is an
assumption on the part of this Government to con-
trol institutious that they have nothing to do with—
that is within the sovereignty of the States, who
have the right to colonize, to make their own laws,
and regulate their own matters. Sir, the Constitu-
tion gives you no power to colonize the negroes of
this country in Africa. It provided that they
should be colonized here from Africa up to 1808,
but it expressly provides that you should let the
negroes alone after that. The Colonization So-
ciety has been fully able to carry everybody to
Africa that wanted to go there.
I find that, instead of having any inclination to
go there, they frequently return. I have sent two
there, and they have come back. During the last
thirty years, you have sent seven thousand there,
and instead of increasing in number, there are now
only some three thousand there. This is not a
country for us to force the negroes to go to. I
cannot tell any man to go there that I would not
shoot at home. He would probably die there; it
is not our duty to send them then to such a place.
It does appear to me that we are not called
upon to support a colony on the coast of Africa
that cannot support itself, that is daily becoming
less and less populous, and to which the objects
of our mistaken and questionable charity are not
anxious to go. The free blacks in this country
are increasing rapidly in numbers; they are now
some five hundred thousand in number, and year-
ly that number is increasing. We are bound to
do something for this free black population: al-
though I do not think that this scheme of African
colonization is the best scheme that could by pos-
sibility be adopted. How can you possibly take
this immense number of negroes away ? Why in
thirty years they have only carried over some
seven thousand; and even supposing you increase,
double your means of transporting them, you
could not take away from this country even a
number equal to their annual increase. Again:
how would your Treasury sustain the necessarily
heavy expenditure that must fall upon it? ft
would require almost inexhaustible resources to
meet the calls that would be made upon that
Treasury. Then add to this the fact, that the
negroes would be continually returning, (for from
past experience—the experience of thirty years—
we know that the country does not invite their
continuance,) and I would ask, how nearer in
thirty years you would be, than you now are,
towards getting- the negroes from the country to
their African home? As I have said, you could
never effect the transportation of all the negroes,
if you had twenty steamers continually employed
in the service. I do not believe in twenty years
that you would have carried off a number equal
to the annual amount of increase among the free
blacks.
[Here the chairman's hammer fell.]
Mr. BAYLY, who was entitled to the floor for
one hour to close the debate, said he did not wish
to reply.
Mr. MEADE, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment to strike out the first section
of the bill.
Mr. McMULLEN renewed the motion to strike
out the first section of the bill.
Mr. McM. said: Mr. Chairman, it was not my
purpose to have said one word upon this subject,
nor would I now say anything but for the fact that
two of my colleagues have addressed the commit-
tee in favor of the projects for lines of mail steam-
ers. Believing that neither of my colleagues have
spoken the sentiments of Virginia upon this sub-
ject, I Woose, upon this occasion, to come for-
ward and enter my protest against the doctrines
advanced by them. Sir, we are told that there is
nothing new under the sun. If you undertake to
follow the windings of politicians in Congress,
you will find that there is something new m the
action of members of Congress. Much as I re-
spect the opinions of my colleague from the Peters-
burg District, [Mr. Meade,] as a constitutional
lawyer, T was surprised—I was mortified, last
night, when he undertook to prove to an American
Congress, and to the American people, that this
new project for a steam navy was constitutional.
The doctrines which he laid down in support of
that proposition I regard as dangerous. One of
the positions assumed by my colleague was, that
this question of constitutional power had been set-
tled by Congress, by the establishment heretofore-
of lines of mail steamers—that they established <u
precedent upon which to found the right to estab-
lish this line of steamers. How could a constitu-
tional lawyer think of settling a constitutional
question by Congressional precedent?
Sir, I need not remind you or my colleague of
the fallacy of attempting, upon precedent, to es-
tablish the authority of Congress to do anything.
; I could reply to that branch of my colleague's
, argument by asku^r him if the doctrine of thealiem
law—one precednit—was constitutional? And I
would apply to him to know, if the sedition law-
was constitutional? I wmtld ask him, too, if the
passage of the bankrupt law, and many other laws,
which I could call his attention to, were constitu-
tional?
I Mr. Chairman, [ desire to meet this question
openly. I wish gentlemen to tell me—if Con-
gress has the power to build steamers,as proposed
by this bill, for*the purpose of carrying on com-
mercial operations, and providing mail facilities,
' whether they have not the power likewise to builcl
, stage-coaches, to build macadamized roads and rail-
roads over which to carry the mails of the coun-
try, and to carry on commercial operations? I
deny, sir, that Congress has the power to do any
| such thing. I undertake here to say, that if gen-
i tlemen will look into this question as a constitu-
tional one, they will find no power in the Consti-
tution, unless by forced construction, to pass the
amendment for lines of steamers. I call upon gen-
tlemen here who are constitutional lawyers—who
are friends to this bill—I call upon the chairman
of the committee, together with my colleagues, to>
state upon what clause of the Constitution they
derive this power. I hear some gentleman say
that it is derivable from that clause of the Consti-
tution which gives Congress the power to regulate
commerce. I hear another friend of the bill say,
that it is derived from that clause of the Constitu-
tion which gives Congress the power to establish
the Army and Navy. Why, Mr. Chairman, the
arguments of these gentlemen remind me of the
ingenious arguments of gentlemen to prove that
Congress had power under the Constitution to pass;
the bankrupt law. They are utterly fallacious.
Some maintain the power of Congress to pass this
bill from one clause of the Constitution, and some
from another. In this matter they are like my
colleague, who, whilst advocating the passage of
this bill, yet claims to be a strict constructionist—
and a Virginia abstractionist. I want to have
these gentlemen point out the particular clause of
the Constitution under which they derive the
power to pass the bill as proposed to be amended.
[Here the Chairman's hammer fell.]
Mr. HILLIARD. The motion is to strike out
the first section of the bill. It was my wish to
have made a longer and more labored speech in
regard to this question. I rejoice, Mr. Chair-
man, that this House has begun to vindicate its
claim to public confidence, by reducing the ex-
penses of the Government. It was for no light
cause that the framers of the Constitution provided
that no bill taxing the people should originate
elsewhere than here. It was intended at the or-
ganization of the Government that this House
should hold the special guardianship of the purse
of the nation. While I am an economist in re-
gard to all proper subjects, I am not willing to re-
duce the proper legitimate expenses which the
Navy must incur in order to its vigorous mainte-
nance. I take this occasion to say, Mr. Chair-
man, that I shall vote every dollar asked for to
maintain the Navy in a proper condition. It is
the safest arm of the service, to say the least of it.
It protects our commerce on every sea—it has
fought its way to public favor. Ancient and mod-
ern history establishes the fact, that the Navy has
always been friendly to liberty. Never has the
power of the Navy in any country been turned
against the liberties.of that country. I would,
then, foster the Navy. 1 would correct itsabuses.
I would encourage it so as to give it new vigor,
and so far from limiting the expenditures upon it,
I would increase them if necessary to give it efR-
