762
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
paragraph now under consideration was a clerical
error, and ought to belong to the preceding para-
graph of the bill. He moved to strike it out and
attach it to the preceding paragraph. The follow-
ing is the proviso:
"PforiW, That the officer charged with the experiments
in gunnery at the navy-yard at Washington shall hereafter
receive the compensation of a commander at sea."
The following is the paragraph to which it is
intended to apply:
" For ordnance and ordnance stores, and small arms,
including iucidental expenses, $171,200."
By mistake the proviso was appended to the
following:
" For meteorological observations, to be conducted onder
the direction of the Secretary of the Navy, $3,000."
Mr. CARTTER wished to perfect the proviso,
before the question was taken on striking it out.
The CHAIRMAN said that the motion of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton] was out of
order at this time.
Mr. BAYLY raised the point of order, that
being a clerical error, he had a right to correct it
without a motion.
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of order.
Mr. VINTON said that he would move to trans-
pose the proviso so as to make it apply to the para-
graph of the bill preceding the one now under
consideration.
Mr. BAYLY said that he had corrected hun-
dreds of typographical errors without a vote.
The question was then taken on Mr. Vinton's
motion to transpose, and it was agreed to.
Mr. CARTTER obtained the floor.
Mr. PHELPS raised the point of order, that the
committee must now recur to the preceding para-
graph, to which they had added the proviso.
The CHAIRMAN said that he would entertain
a motion to amend that paragraph.
Mr. CARTTER said that he believed he had
the floor.
Mr. PHELPS rose to a question of order. He
wished to know which paragraph was now under
consideration ?
Mr. CARTTER. The gentleman will find out
what is under consideration when I submit my
motion
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
will submit his motion.
Mr. CARTTER moved to amend the clause
providing that the officer charged with the experi-
ments in gunnery at the navy-yard at Washing-
ton shall hereafter receive the compensation of a
commander at sea, so as to read, " shall hereafter
receive the pay of a private."
Mr. C. said he did not wish to cast any reflec-
tion upon officers that were worthy men. There
were enough of them of an indifferent character
without depriving those who had merits of those
that they had got. But the object of this proviso
seemed to be to raise the standard of men of this
class of officers with a view of fixing a thermom-
eter by which the same pay might be hereafter
accoraed to the rest. The chairman of the Com- j
mittee on Naval Affairs had uttered the sentiment
that officers of this class would revolutionize the
Navy. God grant that they might. If there was
any branch of the service that needed such a rev- .
olution, it was the Navy. The chairman of the j
Committee on Naval Affairs had himself allowed
that assumption, from the very expression that he
had made use of. It did need a revolution—the pay
of the officers needed cutting down. It needed arev- I
olution to render it a more efficient branch of the j
service—to make it an efficient and responsible
marine corps. He was afraid that the policy of
raising salaries would not revolutionize the Navy.
They had got too encumbered with the steam
marine to do it. And he would say to those gen-
tleman who represented the commercial interests
of the country, as soon as they would lay their :
hands upon the idle and unproductive investments
made upon this dead carcass of the Navy, he !
would go with them to vitalize it in the steam ser-
vice. This he (Mr. C.) was satisfied was the
only means by which this arm of the national de-
fence, as it was miscalled, could be rendered
really serviceable to the Republic.
Mr. TOOMBS was opposed to the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cart-
ter.] The officer whose salary it was proposed
v 'j* at.lhat of a commander at sea, was one of
high scientific acquirements, and had under his
control important and critical experiments, and
although he was no friend of extravagance, as the
gentleman from Ohio must well know, yet he was
not for paying the responsible and meritorious
officers of Government insufficient and stinted
recompense. This officer held a post that was as
responsible as any in the Department, and required
qualifications of a high order. *
The question was then taken on Mr. Cartter's
amendment, and decided in the negative.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, moved to insert
in the bill, after line 35, the following:
" For completing the experiments now in progress, au-
thorized by law, under the direction of Professor Charles
6. Page, for ascertaining the availability and economy of
electro-magnetic power as a substitute for steain, the same
to be under the supervision of the Secretary of the Navy,
$4,000."
Mr S. said: I presume the object and effect of
that amendment is very well understood by every
gentleman on this floor. It is known that Dr.
Page has been for some time successfully experi-
menting upon this subject. Many gentlemen here
have doubtless seen an engine which he has con-
structed, and have witnessed the wonderful appli-
cation of electro-magnetic power for this purpose.
A large amount of money (some $30,000) has been
expended, and he has now a railroad nearly com-
plete, and he has been expecting to complete it, so
as to have it in readiness to exhibit the power of
the engine to members of Congress before they
leave. I understand that the appropriation is ex-
hausted, or nearly so, and the small sum asked
for in this amendment will be amply sufficient to
complete the whole, and test it, so as to show
whether anything is to result from it or not. I
believe, myself, that the experiment will be suc-
cessful.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I do hope that
the House will not make this appropriation for
Professor Page. It is but a short time since we
raised his salary as one of the Examiners of the
Patent Office. Well, he is a lecturer, too, to some
extent, and I will not undertake to say from how
many other sources he draws revenue. But one
thing is very certain: he gets a high salary from
the Government now for his services in the Patent
Office, and it seems to me that the Government is
entitled to his time and services. If he is making
experiments and improvements that will be profit-
able to himself ana to the country, he ought to
come out of the Patent Office. But instead of this,
he remains in the pay of the Government, and
comes here and asks us to make additional appro-
priations, that he may make experiments, which
in the end will probably result in nothing, as a
j great many experiments of this sort do. These
may be important experiments to the country, but
let him quit the Patent Office, come forward with
his improvement, and if it is worth anything,
why the country can pay him for it; but if it is
worth nothing, it should go the way most of these
experiments go.
The question was taken on Mr. Stanton's
amendment, .and it was not agreed to.
Mr. McDONALD offered the following amend-
ment, to come in after the paragraph providing
for the pay of the officer in charge of tlie gunnery at
the navy-yard at Washington:
j " Provided, That all officers discharging a like grade of
j service, shall be entitled to the same pay."
Mr. HALL raised a point of order. The com-
mittee had repeatedly that morning ruled similar
amendments oiit of order.
The CHAIRMAN decided that the amendment
was out of order.
The next paragraph in the bill was read, as fol-
lows:
'■ For the purchase from Professor Espy, for the free use
by the United States, of his Conical Ventilator, and for all
improvements he may hereafter make thereto, ten thousand
dollars: Provided, No part of this appropriation shall be
paid to said Espy till he shall have conveyed to the United ,
States the free use of said invention and of all improve-
ments he may hereafter make thereto, and shall also dis-
charge all claim against the United States for the use made
by Government of the same."
Mr. CARTTER proposed to amend the para-
graph so as to read comical ventilator. rLaueh-
terj
The CHAIRMAN decided the amendment "to
be out of order.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, moved to strike
out the paragraph altogether.
Mr. SCH ENCK said: I am opposed to striking
out this paragraph. From numerous testimonials
of the officers of the Navy I find that this inven-
tion is regarded as one of the very highest im-
portance.
These conical ventilators, it is thought, would be
exceedingly useful in the service, and it is in order
to secure the right to its free use that its purchase
is proposed. A majority of the Committee of
Ways and Means have been so well convinced of
the advantages of securing this patent, that they
had consented to put it in the naval appropriation
bill.
Mr. HALL moved to amend the paragraph by
striking out $10,000 and inserting one cent.
Mr. H. said: I am opposed to this proposition,
not because I do not believe that the ventilator
would be serviceable to Government, but because
I do not think that Government ought to purchase
patent-rights in this way. If they are useful, why
cannot we, as private individual purchasers do,
go into the market and purchase the articles we
require? Why should we give $10,000, when in
a few years, perhaps, the patent may be worthless?
With the continued improvements that are going
on, who can tell but that in a few years our most
brilliant and useful discoveries may be wholly dis-
carded for more recent and better patents. Con-
gress has spent too much money in this way. It
is quite right that the patentee should derive all
the benefit that he can from the invention that he
has made; at the same time it appears to me that
we are paying more dearly than we need. This
very patent may be improved on or superseded by
a better arrangement. I think, therefore, that this
policy of buying patent rights is not one that
should be encouraged.
I Mr. STANTON. I am opposed to the amend-
; ment. For a long time Government has been ap-
propriating the property of its citizens without
recompense, a thing that appears to me to be most
unjust. This very patent, the advantages of which
have been secured to Professor Espy by patent-
law, has been appropriated by Government, and it
is now proposed to recompense him for that ser-
vice.
Mr. HALL. Has he not already been paid
for it?
Mr. STANTON. Not a cent has he received.
Mr. JONES. Has he not requested Govern-
ment to use his invention, having his own especial
benefit in view?
Mr. STANTON. I am not aware of any such
fact. It is true that Government has enjoyed the
advantages of the invention, and has not returned
one cent compensation for it. I think that some
return ought to be made. In the case of an indi-
vidual, he could recover the amount to which he
was entitled; but it is not so easy to get the amount
from Government.
The question was then taken on Mr. Hall's
amendment, and decided in the negative.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question recurred on striking out the sec-
' tion.
Mr. HALL called for tellers; which were or-
' dered, and Messrs. Levin and Thomas were ap-
pointed; and the question being taken, the tellers
reported—ayes 83, noes 40.
So the amendment was agreed to and the para-
graph stricken out.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, moved to insert
after line twenty-six, the following:-
" And the Secretary of the Navy is hereby authorized to
purchase the right to use and cause to be applied to all the
steamers belonging to the United States, and hereafter to be
constructed, Joseph P. Pirsson's patent surface condenser
for supplying the boilers of marine engines with fresh wa-
ter ; and to pay to tlie owner or owners thereof, out of the
appropriations for the Navy, a sum equal to one half of the
actual savings caused by the said patent condenser in the
expense of keeping tlie war-steamers now belonging to the
United States, and which may hereafter be constructed
during the lifetime of said patent, in active service five
years, and in the preservauon of her machinery. The
value of the saving effected by the use of said patent con-
denser to be ascertained by a board of three competent
engineers of the United States Navy, to be appointed by tlie
Secretary of the Navy as soon after the passage of this act
as possible: Provided, however, That the board appointed
by the Secretary of the Navy under the act of the last ses-
sion of Congress, shall decide Pirsson's condenser to be bet-
ter than any other invention of the kind."
j Mr. JONES raised the point of order, that the
amendment was in violation of the eighty-first
rule. It was to buy a patent, and was not re-
; quired in order to carry on any Department ofthe
i Government.
The CHAIRMAN sustained the point of order,
. and ruled the amendment out of order.
