764
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
Mr. TOOMBS moved to strike out the follow- |
ing: !
«' For outstanding liabilities incurred in consequence of
the deficiency of former appropriations on account of nau-
tical books, maps, and charts, required for the use of the
Navv, eight thousand seven hundred and twenty-five dol-
lars."
# Mr. T. said: At the last session of Congress
we had before us appropriations for the same ob-
jects of $4,500. An estimate was presented of a ,
much larger sum, but the committee struck it
down, and these persons have just gone on and
done what they pleased. Now if Congress allows
an appropriation for a large amount of maps,
books and charts, and allows them to spend as
much money as they please for these objects, we
might just as well give up this business of making
appropriations for these purposes at all. Unless
you put your foot down, the Department will go
on to expend, and call upon you to supply deficien-
cies whenever they please.
Mr. EVANS waj opposed to all deficiencies.
He thought, however, by looking at this subject,
that it would be found that the number of maps
and charts which were provided at the last session
of Congress were insufficient for the good of the
service, and that the service really required1, an
additional number.
Mr. TOOMBS (interrupting) inquired if this
item of deficiency was not presented to Congress
without one word of explanation from the head
or foot of any bureau ?
Mr. EVANS. That may be the case; but he
had been told that the amount of appropriation at
the last session of Congress for tne purchase of
maps and charts was entirely insufficient for that
purpose.
Mr. TOOMBS inquired what the right sum
would be?
Mr. EVANS said he could not answer the
Xestion. But we have it from the Secretary of
b Navy that the. sum which Congress appropri-
ated was an insufficient sum, and that if no more
was appropriated, they would be obliged to come
in here with a deficiency of $8,000. He was
against all deficiencies. If they appropriated a
dum of money for the payment of additional salary,
when the salary was sufficiently high already, he
held that no person had a right to come in there
and claim an extra allowance from Government.
But, in his opinion, there were some cases in
which a deficiency was allowable. Whether this
t?as one, the committee would judge.
The question was then taken on Mr. Toombs's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. TOOMBS moved to amend the item which
appropriates for the repairs and erection of build-
ings at the United States Naval Academy at An-
napolis, Maryland, $127,500, by decreasing the
•um to 452,000.
Mr. T. remarked, that the appropriation for the
Naval School last year was a very small sum.
He thought it was some $20,000. Now they pro-
posed a large amount for buildings, and among
other things they proposed the building of an ob-
servatory, the estimated costof which was $10,000.
They had already a National Observatory- at
Washington. It was started at first with an ap-
propriation of $5,000, until now it required within
a few years back the annual appropriation of
$80,000. As they already had this Observatory
at Washington, what necessity was there for es-
tablishing another one at this academy only twen-
ty miles off? He trusted that the whole item for
an observatory would be stricken out, and the
appropriation reduced as he proposed.
Mr. CHANDLER expressed a hope that the
amendment would not be agreed to. He could not
state exactly what were the particular buildings to
be erected; but of course such as were required
by the nature of the studies and the numt>er of
persons there. A larger sum has been recom-
mended than was formerly appropriated, and this
because it was deemed true e^jnomy to carry on
the works with regularity. Itwas a poor calcula-
tion to lay foundations and carry up walls to be
left for the weather to destroy. It costs no more
to build well and permanently than to build poorly,
provided skill and attention are applied.
Mr. TOOMBS inquired whether any plans and
specifications had been presented ?
Mr. CHANDLER, said he could not tell, for by
an error in the arrangement of committees, the
Committee on Naval Affairs were not allowed to
arrange their own bills from their acquaintance
with the wants of the Navy. Such details were
unfortunately left with the Committee of W^ays
and Means, which committee, having the same j
labor to do for all appropriations, could scarcely
be supposed to give the attention to such matters,
however laborious they might be, which the par-
ticular committee could give.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, moved an amend-
ment to the amendment, increasing the sum
$10,000. He spoke in opposition to the reduction
proposed in the appropriation for the Naval School ]
at Annapolis. He quoted from the report of the
Secretary of the Navy, recommending the appro- ;
priation, and argued in favor of its necessity. j
The question was taken on the amendment to ;
the amendment, and it was rejected.
The question recurred on the amendment of Mr.
Toombs. Tellers were called for, and ordered, and
Messrs. Pec* and Toes appointed. The ques-
tion was taken, and the tellers reported—ayes 80,
noes 44.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KING, of New Jersey, offered the fol- 1
lowing amendment to the bill:
" That so much of the appropriation made by the act of ;
14th April, 1842, to carry into effect the contract made by i
Congress with Robert L. Stevens as may be supposed to !
have passed into the surplus fund, be, and the same is j
hereby, reapprspriatedforits original purpose. And that the
Secretary of the Navy be hereby authorized and directed,
after making payment to the said Stevens for all materials
furnished and outlays made by him, according to the pro-
visions of said contract, to continue, in his discretion, the '
said contract with the said Stevens, fixing a reasonable time
for its performance; or else, after making the payments as
provided hereinbefore, to arrange with said Stevens for the
discontinuance of, or putting an end to, said contract, and
for the cancelling and surrender of all mortgages and securi-
ties relating to the same. And in the latter case to make
compensation to said Stevens, by the payment to him, out
of said appropriation, of a sum not exceeding $75,000, ac-
cording to such award as may be made by a commission to
be appointed for the purpose of determining the amount of :
money to be so paid, to consist of one person to be selected
by the Secretary of the Navy, and of one person to be se- j
lected by said Stevens; and in case of their disagreement,
of an umpire, to be selected by the two commissioners dis-
agreeing, and the award of said commission shall be final
and conclusive between the parties."
Mr. K. said: The object of this amendment is ;
to bring back under the control of the Secretary of
the Navy the funds that are supposed—not to use
a stronger term—not stronger than the Secretary of
the Navy has said—to have passed into the sur-
plus fund; so that the contract ordered by Con-
gress to be observed with this individual may be
carried out. There have been four or five Secre-
taries of the Navy who have passed upon this sub-
ject, and according to circumstances, tney have de-
termined as to the expediency of the contract.
Congress settled that question, and they deter-
mined that the contract should be made. The
contract was made; and I ask, in behalf of the in-
dividuals who made the contract, and who have
expended a large sum of money to carry it out—
who have appropriated their own means to an
amount very large., and who have given so much
of their time and talents to the object of the con-
tract, that this matter should be considered by
Congress. The appropriation made by the act of
1842, to carry this contract into effect, has passed
into the surplus fund. Let the Secretary of the
Navy carry out the contract according to that law,
and let no individuals be knocking in vain at your
door for justice, simple justice. I hope that this
House will be willing to do justice in this case,
and that they will vote the money back.
Mr. HALL rose to a point of order—that the
gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. King] is out of
order. This is nothing more nor less than a new
contract, and it is not carrying out an existing
law.
Mr. KING. The gentleman is entirely mis-
taken. The contract has two years to run. The
gentleman is entirely misinformed.
The CHAIRMAN decided that the point of or-
der was too late, and that the gentleman from New 1
Jersey [Mr. King] might proceed. _ j
Mr. KING. I desire to state to the committee, ,
that there are two years for the contract to be per- j
formed in, and in which it will be binding. But j
the Secretary of the Navy, feeling that the time |
will not be sufficient, has determined that, without j
the action of Congress, he will not persevere in j
this matter. I hope this House will reaffirm what j
it affirmed in 1842, and that they will do an act ofj
simple justice in this case. <
Mr. TOOMBS said he opposed the amendment
for the very reason which the gentleman from
New Jersey [Mr. King] had given in support of
it. He understood that a part of this appropriation
was designed to build a fire and bomb-proof ves-
sel, which he was informed could not be done.
The question was then taken on Mr. King's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, offered the fol-
lowing amendment:
" For the floating dry-dock in California, authorized by
the act approved Sept mbcr 30, 1850, $150,000; and the
Secretary of the Navy is hereby authorized to contract for
i the construction of a dry-dock in California, limiting the
same to the construction of the floating dock alone, withou t
the basin and railway; provided that the contractors will
agree to construct the said dock at the estimates of the cost
of that portion of the work made in November and Decem-
ber last by the chief naval constructor and the chief civil
engineer of the Department, and the chief machinist of
the Washington navy-yard, under the direction of the said
Secretary, as mentioned in his letter of the 21st of January
last: And provided, also, The said Secretary shall deem the
I said estimates fair and reasonable."
Mr. S. desired to state that the amendment was
in substance the same with that offered by the
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] the other
day, and which, as he understood, received the
assent of the Committee of Ways and Means.
, He presumed it would meet with no serious ob-
jection.
Mr. TOOMBS hoped that the chairman of the
Naval Committee would allow the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means [Mr. Bayly]
I to introduce an amendment.
Mr. STANTON accordingly withdrew his
amendment.
Mr. BAYLY said he was authorized by the
: Committee of Ways and Means to offer the fol-
: lowing amendment:
j " And be it further enacted, That so much of the act of
the 28th of September, 1850, entitled' An act making appro-
priations for the naval service for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1851,' as authorizes the construction of adry-dock,
railway and basin, at such harbor on the Pacifie-ocean as
the Secretary of the Navy may select, be, and the same is
hereby, repealed."
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, then renewed
his proposition as an amendment to the amend-
ment.
Mr. S. said: I desire simply to state that it
must be admitted that all excitement upon this
j subject has passed away. *1 think it must be ad-
| mitted that the Secretary has entered into a con-
! tract which between individuals would have been
j binding, upon every principle of justice and honor.
The report of the Naval Committee in the Sen-
ate, as I understand, was assented to unanimously
| by the Senate. The terms proposed by the Secre-
' tary, in pursuance of the law, were executed by
the parties, for due consideration. I think I have
shown that these terms were reasonable and fair
in their character, and I see no reason why any
i objection can be made to them.
Mr. TOOMBS wished to say to the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Stanton,] as he had said
the other day, that he did not look upon the Sec-
retary as being bound by this contract. He did
not understand by what authority he had made
the contract.
Mr. STANTON said the representations of
the Secretary made it very plain to his mind, that
a contract was entered into which, if it had been
made between individuals, would have been bind-
ing in honor.
Mr. TOOMBS thought the Secretary of the
; Navy had no authority to make the contract.
There was no necessity for the work at all. It
was an extravagant waste of public money. He
i believed the whole system wrong, from beginning
to end.
Mr. VINTON proposed to strike out a portion
, of the section.
| The CHAIRMAN said the gentleman from
; Ohio [Mr. Vinton] was under a misapprehension.
I The proposition of the gentleman from Tennessee
I [Mr. Stanton] was a substitute for the whole
section.
i Mr. VINTON stated that he proposed to amend
I the substitute by striking out apart of it. He
now asked the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
: Stanton] to so alter his substitute as to authorize
I the Secretary of the Navy to modify the contract,
i Mr. STANTON accepted the proposition.
The amendment was then read as modified.
The question now being upon the amendment
of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Stanton,]
