768
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March I.
Mr. CiJNSMAN't «  an amendment to be re- |
ported. !
The Clerk then reed Mr. Stanton's amend-
ment.
Mr. PHELPS said that he wished to know if
the question could be divided ao as to vote sepa-
rately upon the different parts?
Mr. JONES called for the reading of the fifty-
third rule.
The Clerk read the rule, as follows:
11 Any member may call for the division of a quntion,
which shall be divided if it comprehend propositions in sub-
stance so distinct, that one being taken away, a substantive
proposition shall remain for the decision of the House—
September IS, 1837. A motion to strike out and insert shall
be deemed indivisible—December 33,1811; but a motion to
strike out being lost, shall preclude neither amendment nor
amotion to strike out and insert.— March 13,1822."
Mr. PHELPS. I wish to inquire 
Cries of "Order!" "order!"
Mr. PHELPS. "Who calls to order? I have
a right to propound any inquiry to the Chair that
I please. I wish to have a separate vote upon that i
part of the proposition providing for the payment
of damages.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, suggested that
the time to take the separate vote would be when
the question came up on agreeing to the amend-
ment as amended.
Mr. CL1N6MAN called for tellers on his
amendment; and they were ordered; and Messrs. '
Cartter, and McLean of Kentucky, were ap-
pointed. _ |
The question being taken, was decided in the
negative—ayes 74, noes 78.
The question then recurred on agreeing to Mr.
Stanton's amendment.
Mr. STANTON modified his amendment so as
to read as follows:
" For the floating dry-dock in California, $150,000; and
the Secretary of the Navy is hereby required so to modify
the contract alleged to have been made on the 17th of JtK-
nary last, as to confine the same to the construction of the
floating dock alone, without the basin and railway, pro-
vided the contractors will agree to do the work at the esti-
mates made by the Department in November and Decem-
ber last; and provided the said Secretary considers the said
• estimates Air and reasonable; and so much of said law as
authorizes the construction of the basin and railway is
hereby repealed."
Mr. STANTON demanded tellers on the adop- ;
tion of his amendment; and they were ordered; ;
and Messrs Tuck and Sawtelle were appointed. !
The question being taken by tellers, was de- I
cided in the affirmative—ayes 91,'"noes 60.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALL wished to amend the amendment.
The CHAIRN AN said that no amendment was i
in order. The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Stanton] proposed an amendment which was '
adopted by the committee as a substitute for the
entire amendment. The committee had adopted
that substitute, and it was not now in order to
amend it. I
Mr. JONES appealed from the decision of the '
Chair.
Mr. MEADE asked the Chairman to state the
question.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Stanton] had proposed a
substitute for the amendment offered by the gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. Mum.] That sub-
stitute had been adoptee! by the committee. The
gentleman from Missouri |Mr. Hall] now pro-
posed to amend that substitute after it had been
Adopted. .
Mr. JONES said that it had not yet been adopt-
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair had decided
that after the substitute had been voted on and
adopted by the committee no further amendment
was in order. From that decision the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] appealed.
Mr. JONES wished to ask if the amendment as
amended had ever been adopted and incorporated
into the bill ?
The CHAIRMAN replied, Certainly not. 1
Mr. JONES thought, then, that it was clearly
topen to amendment* and the House had so de-
cided. [Loud cries of " Order!"] It was in order ,
to——[renewed cries of " Order!"]
Mr. STEPHENS (of Georgia) inquired if the {
appeal was debatable ?
The CHAIRMAN said that it was not.
Mr. JONES called for tellers on the appeal; !
which were ordered; and Messrs. Sawtelle and j|
I>wm were appointed. i
Mr. MEADE wished to know, before the ques-
tion was taken, whether the amendment offered
and ruled out of order proposed to strike out any !
part of the substitute ?
Mr. HALL said that it did not.
Mr. PHELPS desired that the amendment pro-
posed by his colleague [Mr. Hall] should be
read.
Loud cries of "Object!" and "No, no !"
Mr. PHELPS wisned to call attention to the
distinction [Shouts of "Order!" and great
confusion.]
The CHAIRMAN said that the amendment
would be reported.
Mr. ASHMUN objected. No amendment was
in order.
The CHAIRMAN said that the committee
could hear the proposed amendment.
Mr. LEVIN objected.
The CHAIRMAN ruled that the committee
had a right to have the amendment read.
Mr. SWEETS ER asked what was the question
before the committee ? Was it on the appeal from
the decision of the Chair?
The CHAIRMAN said that it was.
Mr. SWEETSER hoped, then, that that ques-
tion would be determined.
The Clerk reported Mr. Hall'i amendment.
It was as follows:
" Provided, That before making said contract the Secre-
tary of the Navy shall give at least sixty days'notice by ad-
vertisement in the usual way."
Mr. SWEETSER rose to a question of order.
The CHAIRMAN said there was an appeal
already pending on one question of order, and an-
other could not be entertained until that was dis-
posed of.
The auestion was then taken on the appeal, j
" Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the judg- I
' ment of the committee?"aifd the tellers reported—
ayes 79, noes 48.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained, and
the amendment ruled to be out of order. t
The question then recurred on the amendment
as amended by the substitute proposed by Mr. ,
Stanton, of Tennessee.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, called for tellers;
which were ordered.
The question being taken, (Messrs. Duer and
Peck acting,) it was decided in the affirmative—
ayes 80, noes 71.
So the amendment as amended was agreed to.
Mr. HALL then offered his amendment, to oome
in at the end of the paragraph, as follows:
" Provided. That before making said contract the Sec-
retary of the Navy shall give at least sixty days' notice
by advertisement in the usual way."
Mr. HALL demanded tellers on the amendment;
and tellers were ordejed.
The question being taken, (Messrs. Stetson,
and McLean of Kentucky, acting,) it was decided
in the affirmative—ayes 81, noes 68.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MEADE offered the following amendment,
to come in at the end of the bill:
Sic. —. Be it further enacted, That for the purpose
of providing a more efficient steam navy in case of war, and
for the continuance of the policy already established by the
Government of maintaining these vessels by service in time
of peace, in the conveyance of the United States mails, the
Secretary of the Navy is hereby directed to contract with
Ambrose W. Thompson, of Philadelphia, for the establish-
ment of two lines of steamships, one between the bay of
San Francisco, in California, and China, communicating '
with either Shanghai, Amoy, Chusan, Macao, or Hong-
Kong, and touching at the Sandwich Islands in going or re- i
turning; the other between Philadebphia,Norfolk,and Bal-
timore, in the United States, and Antwerp in Europe, '
touching at Portsmouth or Dover, in England, or Havre, in
France, immediately after the passage of this bill, upon the '
following terms and conditions, viz: The said Thompson
shall agree to establish, at his own expense, the said lines of 1
steamships, and to convey the United States mails between
the bay of San Francisco and China, or either of the points ,
designated for the first line, and between Philadelphia, Nor- : I
folk, and Baltimore, and the points in Europe designated for
the other, and shall receive no other or further compensation i
therefor than the amount of postage which he may charge , i
and receive on the mailable matter which maybe conveyed '
in his ships. The said line of steamers between San Fran- >
cisco and China shall consist of six ships of not less thBn j
three thousand tons register each, and capable of a speed
equal to auy steamer now employed between New York and j
Liverpool. Three of the said ships shall be completed and 1
ready to be placed on the said line within two years after
date of contract; and the other three within two years after
the first three shall have been placed on said line, and the
three ships last constructed shall be placed on said line as
soon after they shall have been finished as practicable. The
line between the United States and Europe shall consist of
foerahig* of equal idzv with th« others, two of which shall
be completed within two years, and the others within two
years thereafter.
The said stenmships shall be so constructed as to be con-
vertible, at the la t possible expense, into war steamers of
the first class, aiyl shall be commanded by officers of the
Navy, and receive four midshipmen on hoard as watch offi-
cers ; the said Commanders and officers t« be detailed for the
service by the Secretary of the Navy at the request of the
contractor. The said ships shall, if required by the Secre-
tary of the Navy, carry four heavy guns each, to be provided,
officered aud manned by the Department. For the term of
two years after the first ships shall have been placed upon
the respective lines, they shall perlorm monthly trips each
way between the respective ports as before specified ; and
when the whole number of said ships shall have been com-
pleted and placed on the said lines as above stipulated, they
shall perform semi-monthly trips between the United States
and the foreign ports designated respectively. The said
ships shall be constructed under the supervision of such
naval constructor as the Secretary of the Navy may appoint.
Sec ~1nd be it further enartcd, That for the pur-
pose of establishing the aforesaid lines of steamers, it shall
be the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to issue to the
said Thompson, upon the requisition of the Secretary of the
Navy, from time to time, in such proportions as the said
Thompson may require, not exceeding in the whole five
sixths of the cost which, in the judgment of the Secretary of
the Navy, shall be sufficient ftir the construction and equip-
ment of the said ships, the other sixth of their entire cost to
be provided and paid by said Thompson, certificates of tile
United States six per cent, stock, with coupons, which shall
be redeemable in ten years. The said Thompson shall pay
into the Treasury semi-annually, as the interest on said
stock may fall due, the full amount so due; and shall also
annually, after the first five years establishment of said lines,
pay ten per cent, on the principal, and the whole balance
on the maturity thereof; but he may, at an earlier day, pay
into the Treasury the whole or suclu^rtions of said stock
as the Secretary of the Treasury onsen t to receive:
Provided, The said steamers shall not exceed the cost per
ton of those built by E. K. Collins, in carrying out his con-
tract with the Government. The said Thompson shall give
the Secretary of the Navy satisfactory security for the faith-
ful and economical application of the stock thus advanced
towards the construction and equipment of said ships ; and
the Secretary shall have the right to cause the accounts of
disbursements made for that object, at any time, to be ex-
amined, and shall also from time to time, as he may desire,
have the said ships and their machinery inspected, and re-
quire such repairs to be made by said Thompson as shall
[ be found necessary. The said ships shall be kept in service-
able condition and repair, and all improvements in ma-
! chinery adopted at the expense of said Thompson, if so
required on inspection ; and the United States shall have a
lien on said ships, and upon policies of insurance which the
said Thompson shall be required to obtain upon them, as
security for the sum advanced for their construction and
equipment in such form as the Secretary of the Navy may
require; and the said ships may be taken by the Secretary
of the Navy at any time for the public service by releasing
said lien, and making to the said Ambrose YV. Thompson a
fair compensation, to be ascertained, if not agreed on by the
parties, by appraisers, to be appointed, one by the Secretary
of the Navy or under bis order, one by the said Thompson,
and a third by the two so appointed : Provided, That the
rates of postage on mail maner charged and received by the
said Thompson on each of the said lines shall conform to
such regulations as may be established by the Postmaster
General according to law: And provided, further, That the
power is reserved to the United States to assume the right
of collecting the postages as in other cases of mail trans-
portation, allowing in lieu thereof to the said Thompson on
each of said lines the same rateable compensation in pro-
Eortion to the number of ships employed as is then allowed
y law to E. K. Collins and his associates for mail service
between New York and Liverpool.
Sec. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That in executing
the said contract as to the line between the United States
and Europe, it shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Navy
to provide by proper stipulations that two steamships shall
depart and return in each regular trip from and to Philadel-
phia, and two in like manner from the waters of the Chesa-
Eeake, and the same to enter and clear in each voyage from
oth the cities of Baltimore aud Norfolk.
Sec . —. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
theNavyis authorized, in case any proposal should be made
to perform the service contemplated by this bill, and by ves-
sels in all respects similar to those herein described, and
which shall require no advances of money or stock by the
Government, receiving as compensation therefor the re-
ceipts from postages only, to accept such proposal, in lieu
of the contract herein proposed: Provided, however, That
satisfactory security shall be tendered at the time of such
proposal, for the building of the vessels, and for the perform-
ance of the service intended to be secured by this bill.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, raised a point
of order on the amendment. In the first place the
amendment had no relevancy to the bill. As had
been well remarked by the gentleman from Ohio,
this seemed to be a bill to establish post routes and
create a public debt. In the second place, the
amendment was out of order under the eighty-first
rule of the House, which provided that there should
be no appropriation of money other than that rec-
ognized by law. The amendment provided for a
loan of five or six millions of dollars, but there
was an appropriation of an amount of postage to
these contractors. On these grounds he raised the
question of order.
Mr. MEADE thought that the gentleman from
Georgia misapprehended that clause of the amend-
ment. [Cries of " Order!"] There was no appro-
priation. ["Order!" "order!" "order!"] No
