770
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
Mr. HALL called for tellers on the question;
■ which were ordered, and Messrs. Putnam and
Penn were appointed; and the question being
taken, the tellers reported—ayes 37, noes not
counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. STRONG moved to amend the bill by stri-
king out the folio-wing:
" And also, provided farther, That the Secretary of the
N^vj and the Postmaster ^Genera! be authorized, by and
with thr consent of the contracting parties respectively, to
rearrange the running of the United States mail steamships,
90 as to afford more direct dispatch between the ports of the
United States and the Isthmus of Panama, provided that
the Postmaster General shall maintain a semi-monthly mail
between Charleston, Savannah, and Havana, during the
continuance of the Sloo contract, and also to make the ser-
vice from Panama to California and Oregon conform with
the service required by the existing contract on the Atlantic
bide of the Isthmus, by increasing the trips of the Pacific to
semi-monthly: Provided, That the said increased service on
the Pacific side, shall be at a rate not exceeding the rate now
paid for Pacific service, and to be performed in steamships
ouilt according to the specifications, and subject to all the
clauses of the A. Harris contract, beneficial to the United
States: Jlnd provided, /wither t That the compensation for
the semi-mentaly service already performed between Pana-
ma and California and Oregon, and for such service for the
coming year, shall not exceed the usnft) rate at which addi-
tional mall service may be ordered under existing laws, and
shall be paid out of any unexpended balance of money here-
tofore appropriated for mail steam service"—
And to insert the following:
" And oho, provided, That the Secretary of the Navy he j
directed to report to the next Congress any Allures of any !
of the contractors to comply in all respects with their con- i
tracts." i
The question being taken, the amendment was !
not agreed to. j
Mr. JONES moved to strike out from the 109th ;
to the 156th lines, inclusive, as follows: |
For transportation of the United States mail between I
New York and Liverpool, between New York and New !
Orleans, Havana and Cliagres, and between Panama and
some points in the Territory of Oregon, ,>(874,600: Provided,
That no payment shall be made for said services except in
proportion to the mail service heretofore performed, or that
may be hereafter performed; and that the Secretary of the
Navy js hereby directed to make payment in said propor-
tion only: Provided, alto, That the Secretary of the Navy
be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed to require the
several advances of money, made under the act of Con-
gress, August third, one thousand eight hundred and forty-
eight, to the different contractors Or their assignees, for
mail steamship service, to be refunded by deductions, from
fee compensation of each line, ten per cent, annually, reck-
oning in the adjustment of the advances to all of the lines,
from the commencement of the performance of their respect-
ive mail service: And provided, further, That the said
contractors or their assigns, shall, from and after the passage
off this act, pay interest on the balances of said advances
■till due,at the rate of six percent, per annum till paid:
Jind alto, provided further, That the Secretary of the
Navy and the Postmaster General be authorised, by and with
consent ofthe contracting parties respectively, to rearrange
the running of the United States mail steamships, so as to
afford more direct dispatch between the ports ofthe United
States and the Isthmus of Panama, provided that the Post-
master General shall maintain a semi-monthly mail between
Charleston, Savannah, and Havana, during the continuance
Of the Sloo contract, and also to make the service from Pan-
ama to California and Oregon conform with the service
required by the existing contract on the Atlantic side ofthe
Isthmus, by increasing the trips of the Pacific to semi-
monthly: Provided, That the said increased service cm the
Pacific side, shall be at a rate not exceeding the rate now
paid for Pacific service, and to be performed in steamships
•uilt according to the specifications, and subject to all the
clauses of the A. Harris contract, beneficial to the United
States: And provided, further. That the compensation for
the semi-monthly service already performed between Pana-
ma and California and Oregon, and for such service fbr the
coming year, shall not exceed the usual rate at which addi-
tional mail service may be ordered under existing laws, and
■hall be paid out of any unexpended balance of money here-
tofore appropriated for mail steam service."
And insert in lieu thereof the following:
" That from and after the passage of this act, each and
every one of the contracts heretofore made and entered into
between the United States and individuals or companies,
In pursuance of acts of Congress, for the transportation of
the United States mail upon the high seas in ocean mail
steamers, between any port in the United States and a port
id a foreign country, be, and the same is hereby, rescinded,
annulled, and made void. And that justice may be done to
all persons concerned or interested in said contracts, each
company or firm of individuals whose contract is hereby
rescinded, annulled, and made void, shall have the right to
commence suit against the United States in the circuit
oourt thereof, and to have judgment awarded against the
•aid United States for such damages as the contractors have
or shall sustain by reason of the United States failing to
comply with, and carry out, their contracts. And for the pay-
ment of all ouch damages to be awarded to said contractors
as herein provided, a sufficient sum, out of any moneys in the
■treasury not otherwise appropriated, be, and the same is
hereby, appropriated."
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, rose to a ques-
tion of order. He was astonished that the gen-
J!Uv.an m Tennessee [Mr. Jokes] should move
•wen an amendment as that. [Loud cries of,
"Order!"] It was extraordinary. ["Order!"
" order!"] He had a right to state his point of
' order. [Cries of "Order!" laughter, and great
confusion.] His point of order was, that the gen-
tleman from Tennessee had introduced a proposi-
tion utterly inconsistent with his whole history.'
! [Shouts of " Order !" and great laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ar-
j kansas [Mr. Johnson] will state his point of
! order.
j Mr. JOHNSON repeated, that his point of or-
der was, that the amendment was inconsistent with
the whole character and history of the gentleman
■ from Tennessee. [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order. [Renewed laughter.]
The question was then taken on Mr. Jones's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. SPAULDING offered the following, to
come in as a proviso at the end of the section
i providing for mail service on the Pacific:
" Provided, That it shall be lawful for the Postmaster
General to discontinue said service on the Pacific, on giving
said contractors one year's notice, should any new route be
; presented which will lessen the time required fbr the trans-
' jiortation of the mails from New York, New Orleans, or
] elsewhere, in five days less time than it is accomplished on
! the average by the said contractors, and at an expenditure
of Alteon per cent. less than by the Isthmus of Panama."
The question being taken the amendment was
not agreed to.
Mr. JONES moved to amend the paragraph
relating to the publication of the Nautical Al-
manac, by striking out the following:
" Provided, That the officer in charge of said work shall
receive the same compensation as the officer in charge of
the Naval Observatory."
The question being taken by tellters on the
amendment, (Messrs. Mohton and McQueen
acting,) it was decided in the affirmative—ayes
71, noes 44.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MARSHALL moved to amend the same
paragraph by striking out the word "$19,400,"
and inserting "$12,850" in lieu thereof.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. JONES moved to strike out the whole
paragraph, as follows:
" For preparing for publication the American Nautical
Almanac, $19,400: Provided, That the officer in chargo of
said work shall receive the same compensation as the
officer in charge of the Naval Observatory."
The question was taken, and the amendment
was not agreed to.
Mr. HIBBARD moved to amend the paragraph
appropriating for improvements at the navy-yard, i
Portsmouth, New Hampshire, by striking out j
" $31,673," and inserting $50,000 in lieu thereof. t
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. PEASLEE offered the following amend-
ment to the section of the bill making an appropri- i
ation to the navy-yard near Portsmouth, New
Hampshire: |
" Also, the additional sum of $90,000 for the above pur-
poses: Provided, That no part of the last-mentioned sum I
shall be drawn from the Treasury until the Secretary of the '
Navy shall be fully satisfied that the public interests demand
the same, and that it is indispensably necessary for the pro-
tection of a much larger amoant of public property."
The question was taken on Mr. Peaslee's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. TUCK offered the following amendment:
" And the pay of ihe engineer, Alexander Partis, at the
savv-yard at Portsmouth, New Hampshire, for the time he
has been employed at said yard, be §2,350 per annum, com-
mencing at the time of his appointment at said yard, and to
remain at the same rate hereafter."
Mr. HALL believed that, according to the 81st
rule of the House, the amendment was not in or- ,
der.
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of order, i
The question was then taken on Mr. Tcck's !
amendment, and it was not agreed to. i
Mr. BAYLY, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, moved to amend the item appropria- !
ting $100,000 for a smithery, sawmill, &c., at the
navy-yard at New York, by inserting after the
word "j^aces," the words "engine house and
dock gates;" which was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, offered an
amendment, (a copy of which could not be ob-
tained,) making an appropriation^ $50,000, to be
applied under the direction of the Secretary of the
Navy, to settle a claim of the city of Brooklyn
against the United States for certain property pur-
chased by the Government.
Mr. C ARTTER rose to a point of order. The
amendment was out of order, because it proposed
to make appropriations not authorized by any ex-
isting law.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out of
order.
Mr. VINTON moved to amend lines 183 to 188
inclusive, appropriating for a smithery, &c., at
; New York, by adding $78,000 after the words
"$100,000," so as to read " $178,000."
Mr. CARTTER demanded tellers, and they
were ordered.
The question being taken by tellers, (Messrs.
Green and Briggs acting,) was decided in the
negative—ayes 56, noes 70.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER moved to add, at the end of
the paragraph appropriating " for a slip at ship
house G," in Philadelphia, the following:
" For the enlargement of the Philadelphia navy-yard,
, $40,000: and the Secretary of the Navy is hereby authorized
! to contract for the purchase of so much land on the southerly
side of said navy-yard as he may deem advisable, not ex-
ceeding the area of the present navy-yard: Provided, It can
be obtained on reasonable terms."
The question was taken on Mr. Chandler-#
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, moved the fol-
lowing as a substitute for the item appropriating
$50,000 for the preservation of the public property
at Memphis, " and for a rope walk," viz:
"For embankment, rope-walk, saw mill, piling river front,
drains, gutters, and cisterns for rope-walk, lime-house, and
for repairs of all kinds, at Memphis, $116,600."
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. PARKER moved to strike out {he item for
the Memphis yard.
Hie question was taken, and the amendment
was not agreed to.
Mr. GERRY moved the following amendment,
' to come in at the end of the bill:
"Provided, The pay of the steward, assistant to the
pursers at the several navy-yards where there is no clerk
to the parser, shall be the same as the clerk to the naval
constructors." ^
The question was then taken on Mr. Gerrt' 
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD offered the fellowii% amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the bill:
" The President, by and with die advice and consent of
the Senate, is hereby authorized to incorporate the officers
ofthe late Texan Navy into the Navy of the United States."
Mr. STRONG rose to a point of order. The
amendment was clearly not in order.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out of
order.
Mr. SWEETSER appealed from the decision
of the Chair, and called for tellers on the appeal;
and they were ordered.
j The question being taken by tellers, " Shall the
decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
| committee?" (Messrs. Boyd and Ogle acting,)
was decided in the affirmative—ayes 94, noes 32.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. SCHENCK offered the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the bill:
Sec—•• And be it farther enacted, That to enforce dis-
cipline and promote good conduct in the naval service of
the United States, summary courts-martial may be ordered
upon petty officers, and persons of inferior ratings, by the
commander of any vessel in the Navy, for the trial of of-
fences which he may deem deserving of greater punishment
than the commander of a vessel is, by the act approved
twenty-third April, eighteen hundred, authorized to inflict
of his own authority, but not sufficient to require trial by
general court-martial.
, Sec. —. Andbeit further enacted, That summary courts-
martial shall consist of three commissioned officers, and of
some competent person to act as recorder: Provided, That
in cases where commissioned officers cannot be detailed
for such service, said court may be composed of any officer*
above the rank of midshipman. Before proceeding to trial,
the members shall take the following oath or affirmation,
which the recorder is hereby authorized to administer:
" I, A. B., do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will weB
and truly try, without prejudice or partiality, the case now
depending, according to the evidence which shall be ad-
duced, the laws for the government ofthe Navy,and my own
conscience." After which, the recorder of the court shall
take the following oath or affirmation, which the senior
member ol" the court shall administer: " I, A. B., do sol-
emnly swear (or affirm) that I will keep a true record or
the evidence vrhieh may be given before this court, and of
the proceedings thereof."
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the commander
of a ship shall have authority to order any officer under his
command to act as the recorder of a summary court-martial*
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That all testimony
given before such court shall be given orally, on oath or af-
firmation, which the senior member of the court shall ad-
minister.
