1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
773
The twelfth section of the Senate bill provides
for the appointment of eight additional clerks for
the Post Office proper, at salaries from (1,000 to
,400each. The House Committee instructed me
to report in favor of striking that out, as they be-
lieve that no additional clerks will be necessary;
for although the bill as passed by the Senate is
much more complicated than that passed by the
House, yet it will not require additional clerks in
the Department.
In regard to the coinage Of a three-cent piece, a
proposition was offered in the Senate to amend
that passed in the House providing for a three-
cent coinage; and this bill provides that that coin
shall be of a certain weight and a certain form.
The Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, in reporting this section of the bill, have
inserted the original section of the bill, together
with an amendment recommended by the Director
of the Mint at Philadelphia. It is as follows:
Sec. —. Jind be it further enacted, That from and after
the passage of this act, it shall be lawful to coin at the Mint
of the United States and its branches, a piece of the denomi-
nation and legal value of three cents, or three hundredths of
a dollar, to be composed of three fourths silver and one fourth
coppef, and to weigh twelve grains and three eighths of a
grain; that the said coin shall bear such devices as shall be
conspicuously different from those of the other silver coins,
and of the gold dollar; but having the inscription, " United
States of America," and its denomination and date; and
that it shall be a legal tender in payment of debts for all
sums of thirty cents and under. And that no ingots shall
be used for the coinage of the three-cent pieces herein
authorized, of which die quality differ* more than five
thousandths fjom the legal standard; and that in adjusting
the weight of the said coin, the following deviations from
the standard weight shall not be exceeded, namely, one
half of a grain in a single piece, and one pennyweight in a
thousand pieces.
Mr. ASHMITN, (interposing.) I have a single
remark and request to make, and that is, that
when the gentleman gets through, he will call the
previous question.
Mr. POTTER. I understand my own busi-
ness, sir. I have thus far confined myself to ex-
planations to the modifications that we propose to
the Senate amendments, and of the provisions
contained in the bill as passed by the Senate. I
believe that if the House have given me their
■attention, the whole matter is understood, and I
therefore call the previous question.
Mr. JOHNSON. I. move the House adjourn.
It is now half past twelve o'clock, and being Sun-
day, we should set a better example.
The House refused to adjourn.
The previous question then received a second,
and the main question was ordered; which main
question was first on agreeing to the amendments
enumerated above, proposed by the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads to the substi-
tute of the Senate.
Mr. MORSE moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. GENTRY. Mr. Speaker, I merely desire
to say, by unanimous consent of the House, that
in my opinion, in view of the condition of the
public business, this House ought not to adjourn
until the 4th of March next. [Laughter.]
The question was then taken on Mr. Morse's
motion, and the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, moved that the
House concur in the remaining amendments to
the bill.
Mr. ROSS called for the yeas and nays; and
they were not ordered.
The question being taken, the amendments of the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
were concurred in, as were also the amendments
of the Senate, as thus amended.
Mr. STANTON moved to reconsider the vote
just taken, and to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. DUNHAM asked the unanimous consent
of the House to take up Joint resolution No. 28,
being a joint resolution for the relief of the heirs
of Colonel John DeNeufville.
Mr. STRONG objected.
Mr. DUNHAM moved to suspend the rules.
Pending which motion, at twelve minulw past
twelve o'clock,
Mr. HALL moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. MATTESON asked for tellers; which were
ordered, and Messrs. Caldwell of Kentucky,
and Calvin appointed.
The question being taken, the tellers reported—
ayes 77, noes 58.
So the House adjourned.
Correction.—The remarks of Mr. Evans, of
Maryland, on the appropriation to supply defi-
ciencies on account of nautical books, maps, and
charts, as published in p. 754,are incorrect. They
should have read as follows:
Mr. EVANS said he could not answer the
Suestion. But we have it from the Secretary of
le Navy that the sum which Congress appropri-
ated was an insufficient sum, and that if no more
was appropriated, they would be obliged to come
in here with a deficiency of $8,000. If Congress
created an office and fixed a salary, but made no
appropriation therefor, he believed Government
had no right to come here with a deficiency on
that account. Let the office remain vacant until
the appropriation was made.
But he thought the economy not a just econo-
my which struck at the item of charts for our pub-
lic ships. In his opinion, there were some cases
in which a deficiency was allowable. Whether
this was one the committee would judge.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 3, 1851.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a.m. The
Journal of Saturday was read.
Mr. BAYLY asked the unanimous consent of
the House to move to suspend the sixteenth joint
rule, to enable the naval appropriation bill to be
sent to the Senate.
Mr. HALL asked if the motion was confined
to that bill.
Mr. BAYLY said it was.
There being no objection, the motion was enter-
tained and agreed to.
The SPEAKER stated that there was a motion
pending to suspend the rules to enable the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Dunham] to move to dis-
charge the Committee of the Whole House from
the further consideration of joint resolution No.
28, of the Senate, for the relief of the heirs of John
De Neufville.
The question was taken, and (two thirds voting
in the affirmative) the rules were suspended.
The question was next upon discharging the
Committee of the Whole from the further consid-
eration of the joint resolution; which was taken and
decided in the affirmative.
The question recurred upon ordering the joint
resolution to a third reading.
Mr. DUNHAM asked to have a letter read
from Mr. Whittlesey in relation to the claim.
Mr. McCLERNAND asked what was the
amount of the claim
Mr. DUNHAM. The principal is $8,000.
Mr. HALL. And the interest is $12,000.
Mr. McCLERNAND objected to the reading
of the letter.
Mr. DUNHAM called for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. HALL asked the gentleman to strike out
the interest.
Mr. DUNHAM stated that the interest was al-
lowed under a resolution of Congress of 1794.
Mr. JONES asked the gentleman from Indiana
to admit of an amendment, and then he should not
have a word to say against the resolution; but
if 
Mr. INGE called the gentleman to order.
The SPEAKER said that no remarks were in
order pending the demand for the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, which main question was
on orderingthe joint resolution to a third reading.
Mr. HALL moved to lay the joint resolution on
the table.
The motion was not agreed to; and the joint
resolution was ordered to a third reading, ana was
read a third time.
The question recurring on the passage of the
resolution—
Mr. DUNHAM demanded the previous ques-
tion; which wasseconded,and,underthe operation
thereof, the resolution was passed.
Mr. DUNHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolu^op was passed, and to
lay the motion to reconst-' t ipon the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY asked for «r<i obtained unanimous
consent to offer a resolution to enable the Com-
mittee of Ways and Mea","i Hid committees of
conference to report at any time; which .resolution
was agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, to take
up the consideration of the post office appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. BURT was very anxious, on the part of
the Committee on Military Affairs, to present a
matter to the attention of the House; and he trust-
ed that the gentleman from Virginia would enable
him so to do.
Mr. BAYLY declined to withdraw his motion.
Mr. BURT then hoped that the House would
vote down the motion, as there was no appropria-
tion bill for the committee to take up.
The question was then taken, and decided in
the affirmative.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union*
(Mr. Thompson, of Mississippi, in the chair.)
Mr. BAYLY moved that the committee take up
the consideration of the Post Office appropriation
bill, with the Senate amendments thereto.
Mr. BURT inquired whether that was one of
the general appropriation bills?
Tne CHAIRMAN stated that it was.
Mr. BURT inquired if it would be in order to
move to take up a different bill?
The CHAlfeM AN said that it was not in order
pending the motion to take up the PoBt Office ap-
propriation bill.
The committee then agreed to take up the Post
Office appropriation bill.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the committee rise, in
order to enable him to introduce a resolution stop-
ping debate on that bill.
The motion was agreed to,
And the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the chairman of the committee
reported progress.
Mr. BAYLY moved that debate on the Post
Office appropriation bill be stopped in one minute
after the House should again resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole.
The resolution was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. BAYLY, the rules were sus-
pended, and the House again resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Thompson of Mississippi, in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the Post Office appro-
priation bill.
The Clerk then reported the first amendment
from the Senate:
"No. 1. For incidental expenses of the post office in
California, from the dates, respectively, of their establish-
ment, to the 30th June, 1851, $66,000; or so much thereof
as may be necessary, in addition to the commissions allowed
by law to postmasters; to be expended at such offices, in
such proportions, and under such regulations as the Post-
master General may direct, and to be accounted for as com-
missions."
The CHAIRMAN stated that the Committee
of Ways and Means recommended non-concur-
rence in that amendment.
The question was then taken on agreeing to the
Senate amendment, and was decided in the nega-
tive—ayes 33, noes not counted.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk then reportetrthe second Senate
amendment:
"And he it further enacted, That the Postmaster General
shall be and he is hereby authorized to appoint letter car-
riers for the delivery of letters from any post office in Cali-
fornia or Oregon, and to allow the letter carriers who may
be appointed at any such post office to demand and receive
such sum for all letters, newspapers, or other mailable mat-
ter, delivered by them, as may be recommended by the
postmaster for whose office such letter carrier may be ap-
pointed, not exceeding five cents for every letter, two cents
for every newspaper, and two cents for every ounce of
other mailable matter; and the Postmaster General shall be
and he is hereby authorized to empower the special agents
of the Post Office Department in California and Oregon to
appoint such letter carriers in their districts respectively,
and to fix the rates of their compensation within the limits
aforesaid, subject to and until the final action of the Postmas-
ter General thereon. And such appointments may be made
and rates of compensation modified from time to time as
may be deemed expedient, and the rates of compensation
may be fixed and graduated in respect to the distance of the
place of delivery from the post offices for which such car-
riers are appointed, but the rate of compensation of any
such letter carrier shall not be changed after his appoint-
ment, except by the order of the Postmaster General; and
such letter carriers shall be subject to tlie provisions of the
forty-first section of the act entitled ' An act to change the
organization of the Post Office Department and to provide
