iu
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
more effectually for the settlement of the accounts thereof,'
approved July 2,1831, except in cases otherwise provided
for in this act."
The CHAIRMAN stated that the Committee
of Ways and Means recommended concurrence in
this amendment.
Mr. SWEETSER. I move that we disagree to
the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion cannot be
made.
Mr. THURSTON. I wish to know the amount
that the Postmaster General will allow these car-
riers?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must ex-
amine for himself.
Mr. BAYLY. I submit that these remarks are
out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. All this debate i  out of
order.
The question was then taken on agreeing to the
Senate amendment, and it was agreed to.
* The Clerk then reported the third Senate
amendment:
" And he U farther enacted, That in all eases of fine,
penalty, forfeiture or disability, or alleged liability for any
sum or sums of money, by way- of damages or otherwise,
under any provision of law relating to the Past Office De-
partment, or the officers, operations, or business thereof,
the Postmaster Genera] shall be and he is hereby author-
ized to prescrib* such general rules and mode of proceeding
as to him shall..eppear expedient for the government of the
Auditor of the "Tost Office, Department in ascertaining the
facts in each case in which it shall be certified to him by
inch Auditor that the interests of the Department probably
require the exercise of tbe power conferred by this act;
and upon the facts being ascertained as aforesaid, the said
Auditor shall hare power with tbe written consent of the
Postmaster General to mitigate or remit such fine, penalty,
or forfeiture, remove such disability, and to compromise,
release and discharge such claims for such sum or sums of
money and damages, on such, terms as the said Auditor shall
deem just and expedient; and that in all cases where a
judgment shall have been obtained for a debt or damages
due the Post Office Department, and it shall satisfactorily
appear by the return of execution or otherwise that such
judgment or so much thereof 3s remains unpaid cannot be
collected by due process of law, the said Auditor shall be
and he is hereby anthorized, with the written consent of
the Postmaster General, to compromise such judgment, and
accept in satisfaction thereof less than tbe amount of such
judgment."
The CHAIRMAN stated that the Committee
of Ways and Means recommended a non-concur-
rence in this amendment,
The question was then taken on tlie amendment,
and was disagreed to.
The Clerk then reported the fourth Senate
amendment:
" Sec That the Postmaster General is hereby author-
ized to allow hereafter to the special agents of the Post
Office Department die same amount of salary as is allowed
to the principal clerks of the Post Office Department:
Provided, That no more shall he expended for the purpose
during the present year than is already appropriated in this
act."
The CHAIRMAN stated that the Committee
of Ways and Means recommended an amend-
meridment to the Senate amendment.
The Clerk read the amendment of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, as follows:
" Strike out tbe words ' the same amount of salary asjs
allowed to the principal clerks of the Post Office Depart-
ment,' and insert the following in lieu thereof, viz: ' the
annual salary of $1,600.'"
The question was first taken on agreeing to the
amendment of the Committee of Ways and Means
to the amendment^f the Senate, arid decided in
the affirmative. ™
The question then recurred on agreeing to tli«
amendment as amended, and being taken it was
agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the committee rise and
report the bill. ,
Mr. GRINNELL moved that the committee
take up the light-house appropriation bill.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the motion of the
gentleman from Virginia would take precedence.
Mr, TOOMBS hoped that the gentleman from
Virginia would withdraw his motion.
Mr. JONES inquired whether the resolution
Stopping debate was not in the usual form, and
whether, in consequence, it did order that the com-
mittee should rise and report the bill ?
. The CHAIRMAN was of opinion that such
was the case.
The question was then taken, and decided in the
affirmative.
, So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the chairman of the committee
reported that the committee had had under con-
sideration the'Post Office appropriation bill, with
sundry Senate amendments thereto, and had di-
rected him to report the same to the House, and
recommend a concurrence in some and a non-con-
currence in others.
Mr. BAYLY demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question having received a second,
the mam question was ordered; which main ques-
tion was on agreeing to the first Senate amend-
ment. The Clerk would report the amendments.
Mr. BURT said that all the amendments had
been read in Committee of the Whole, and, in
order to save time, unless a separate vote were de-
sired on any amendment, he would suggest that
, the question be taken on agreeing to the report of
the committee.
The SPEAKER stated that that could be done
by unanimous consent.
No objection'was made.
So the question was taken on agreeing with the ! i
report of the committee, and decided in the affirm-
; ative.
So the report of the committee was agreed to,
and the amendments concurred in.
MOUNTED RIFLEMEN.
Mr. BURT asked unanimous consent to enable
him. to move that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of House bill No. 463, being "A
bill to authorize one regiment of infantry to be
converted into an additional regiment of mounted
rifles, and for other purposes." The bill (he said)
made no appropriatiottj and was one that, in his
opinion,was absolutely indispensable to the Army.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, objected. There
was, he said,an appropriation bill (the light-house
bill) still unacted on, and it was very important
that it should be passed speedily. When it was
disposed of, he would have no objection to this bill
being taken up.
Mr. BURT moved to suspend the rules.
Mr. STEPHENS demanded tellers; and they
were ordered.
And the question beirig taken, (Messrs. Sweet-
se.r, ahd King of Rhode Island, acting,) it was
decided in the affirmative—ayes 106, noes not
counted.
So the rules were suspended.
The question was next upon discharging the
Committee of the Whole on tlie state of the Union
from the further consideration of the bill, and,
being taken, it wqfjdecided in the affirmative.,
The question recurred upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. BURT.. If I can obtain, the attention of
the House for five minutes, I believe I shall not
occupy it more. The first section of this bill pro-
poses to convert one of the regiments of infantry
into an additional regiment of mounted rifles. I
had occasion to offer some views to the House
upon this subject some days ago. The defence
of the frontier requires an additional force of
mounted troops, and this is the cheapest proposi-
tion that we could devise, viz: to convert one regi-
ment of infantry into an additional regiment of
mqunted rifles. I have consulted the Secretary of
War and the Commander-in-Chief in relation to
this matter, and they approve of this, as the best
thing that can be done under existing circum-
stances. Another section of the bill proposes to
repeal.tlie act of 1850 authorizing the mounting of
the infantry on the frontier. Another section pro-
poses that as the frontier is so remote from the
old States, that the term of enlistment may be ex-
tended to ten years. Everybody knows that the
term of enlistment now is five years. This pro-
poses so to alter it as that they may be enlisted for
a term not exceeding ten nor less than five years.
Every military man that I have heard speak on
the subject approves of that section of the bill.
The fourth section proposes to disband the com-
■pahy of sappers and miners that was authorized
in 1846. That company was authorized on the
application of General Taylor, then in command
of the army on. the Rio Grande, or rather before
his march to Corpus Christi. It is not necessary
in time of peace, and the proposition is to dis-
band it.
After some conversation with Mr. Mea1>e,
which the Reporter was unable to catch, Mr. Burt
discretion of the Secretary of Whr? He thought
that this legislating to give a contract to particular
individuals was wrong.
Mr. BURT said that he agreed with the gentle-
man from Georgia,but theCommittee on Military
Affairs thought otherwise.
Mr. JONES asked the gentleman from South
Carolina to withdraw the demand for the previous
question for a moment, so as to ertable him to
ofl'er an amendment to the bill with reference to
these arms.
Mr. BURT withdrew the demand for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. B. then" moved to amend thebill by striking
out the words " repeating rifles," and inserting
" breach-loading rifles" in lieu thereof.
Mr. JONES moved to amend the bill by striking
out tbe proviso in relation to the kind of arms.
Mr. BURT demanded the previous question.
The previous question received a second, and
the main question was ordered; which main ques-
tion was first upon Mr. Jones's amendment.
Tlie questions were then severally taken, and the
amendments of Mr. Buirr and Mr. Jones were
agreed to.
And the question recurring on ordering the bill
to be engrossed and read a third time, it was taken ,
and decided in the affirmative.
So the bill was read   third time, and subse-
quently passed.
Mr. BURT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and to lay.the motion
to reconsider upon the table; which latter motion
was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. BURT, by unanimous con-
sent, it was
Ordered, That the sixteenth joint rale of the twoHousen
be suspended so far as relates to the said bill, No. 463, anfl
that the Clerk request the concurrence of the Senate ill
suspending the same.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. FULLER, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred the subject-matter of
printing extra numbers of the Patent Office report,
made a report thereon, accompanied by the follow-
ing resolution, viz:
Resolved, That one hundred thousand copies of the Ag-
ricultural part, and twenty-five thousand of tlie Mechanical
part of tfte Patent Office report be printed for tbe me of tl)9
House, and five thousand additional copies for the use of
the Patent Office; And the two parts to be bound in separ-
ate volumes.
Retohcd. That the Commissioner of Patents be allowed
the privilege of adding to the Agricultural part of his report
for 185(1, before it is printed, such census statistics as may
be of general interest.
Mr, FULLER said that the Committee on
Printing had discussed the matter, and had agreed
to recommend that the same number of the agri-
cultural part and half of the number of the mechan-
ical part should be printed, as compared with the
number printed last year. He hoped that resolu-
tion would now be put on its passage. He moved
the previous question.
Mr. PHELPS hoped the gentleman would
withdraw his demand for the previous question,
as he wished to make a remark.
The SPEAKER stated that all debate was out
of order.
Mr. PHELPS wished to inquire the cost of the
Patent Office report—whether it was fifty per cent,
off the cost of 1819?
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered, which main question
was on agreeing to the resolution.
The question being taken, the resolution was
agreed to.
Mr. FULLER moved to reconsider the vote by
which the House had agreed to the resolution,
and to lay the motion to reconsider on the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
LIGHT-HOUSE BILL.
Mr. GRINNELL moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and thftt the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, to take up for consideration the light-house
appropriation bill.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Seddon and
Tuck appointed; and the question, being taken,
was decided in the affirmative—ayes 100, noes
not counted.
So the rules were suspended.
The House accordingly resolved iUelf into Com- ^
