770
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
authorized to adopt this system. And with re-
suect to the fact that I have already mentioned, that
we have frequently to pay now $4,000 for repairs
before a light-house is completed, I would have the
construction of our light-nouses placed under the
direction of the Engineer's Department, and placed
in charge of competent officers, who shall receive
no additional compensation for their services, over
and above the amount of their pay as officers.
Mr. GRINNELL. I will state to the gentle-
man from Maryland, that in every instance in
which the erection of light-houses has been placed
wider the superintendence of the Topographical
Bureau, the cost has been one third greater than
when the work has heen done under the superin-
tendence and directions of the Secretary of the
Treasury.
Mr. EVANS. I have never had any intention
of placing the erection of these light-houses under
the direction of the Topographical Bureau. There
/u-eonly thirty-bne lights in all America, and yet the
annual cost of their main tenance is at least $90,000.
I know that it is unfashionable to get up and ex-
pose abuses, but my object is to get rid of an
inefficient system and to establish a system that
has been elsewhere preferred to ours.
I have taken some pains to investigate this sub-
ject. My investigation was brought about in this
way: I walked into a bookstore some time ago,
ana I took up atreatise on light-houses, and I read
that treatise, and my attention was thus called to
the lens .system of Europe, a system which has
there superseded our reflector system. I went from
one book to another, and from one thing to another,
and made my own investigations, without being
talked to on the subject by anybody. I intended
to have said something on the subject when the
civil and diplomatic biff was before tne House, but
the debate was stopped, and this is my apology
for detaining the House at the present time. I am
sure that a great saving would be effected by the
adoption of the lens system, and that the public
interest would be in every way subserved.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, was understood
to say that the Secretary of the Navy had the power
to adopt this system without any law specially
passed to authorize him.
Mr. EVANS. The Secretary of the Navy has
not exercised that power, because he does not be-
lieve that he possesses it; and I would therefore
specifically give him this power.
Mr. E. concluded by offering the following
amendment:
Sec. 7. And be it farther enacted, That hereafter in all
new light-houses, in all light-houses requiring nejv lighting
apparatus, and in all light-houses as yet unsupplied with
illuminating apparatus, the lens or fresnel system shall be
adopted, if, in the opinion of the Secretary of the Treasury,
ttje public interest will be subserved thereby.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That th« Secretary of
die Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and required
to cause a board to be convened at as early a day as may be
practicable after the passage of this act, to be composed of
two officers of the Navy of high rank, two officers of Engi-
neers of the Army, and such civil officer of high scientific
attainments as may be under the orders, or at the disposi-
tion of the Treasury Department, and agunior officer of the
Navy to act as secretary to said board, whose duty it shall
fee, under instructions from the Treasury Department, to in-
quire into the condition of the light-house establishment of
the United States, and make a general detailed report and
programme to guide legislation in extending and improving
our present system of construction, illumination, inspection
•nd superintendence x^romded, That no additional com-
pensation shall be alidad any person serving on said board.
Sec. 9. -And be it further cnacted, That the President be,
and he is hereby, required to cause to be detailed from
the Engineer Corps of the Army, from time to time, such
officers as may be necessary to superintend the construction
and renovating of light-houses.
Mr. WHITE desired to offer a substitute for
the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN said it would not be in order.
Mr. STANLY moved that the committee rise,
with the view to stop debate.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speak-
er having resumed the chair, the chairman re-
ported progress.
On motion by Mr. GRINNELL, the usual
resolution was adopted to close debate on said bill
in one minute after the House shall have again
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. GRINNELL moved to suspend the rules,
to enable him to move a resolution to suspend the
five minutes rule.
The motion was agreed to, and the rules were
suspended—ayes 93 noes 26.
Mr. GRINNELL then submitted the following
resolution, which was agreed to, viz:
Resolved, That the five minutes rule be suspended for
the balance of the session, so far as relates to the bill ofthe
House making appropriation for light houses, light-boats,
buoys, Ilc.
Mr. MASON asked leave to introduce a reso-
lution for paying members of Congress who were
detained by sickness or otherwise.
Mr. CARTTER objected.
On motion by Mr. GRINNELL, the rules were
suspended, and the House again resolved itself
into Committee of the Whole on the light-house
bill.
The question now being upon the amendment
of the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Evans,]
Mr. GRINNELL said he wished to offer an
amendment to come in prior to that now pending.
The CHAIRMAN said no amendment would
be in order until the pending amendment was dis-
posed of.
Mr. WHITE asked if a substitute to that
amendment was in order ?
The CH AIRMAN replied in the negative.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Evans's
amendment, and it was agreed to—ayes 68, noes
55.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Grin-
nell's amendment as amended,and it was agreed
to.
Mr. GRINNELL now wished to move the
amendment which he had asked to introduce some
time ago. -It was, that the fifth section of the sub-
stitute which provides that collectors of customs
shall be superintendents of light-houses, and shall
receive compensation therefor, be stricken out.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. GRINNELL moved that the committee
rise and report the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman reported
that tne committee have, according to order, had
under consideration the Union generally, and par-
ticularly the light-house bill, and had instructed
him to report the same with one amendment.
Mr. GRINNELL moved the previous ques-
tion; which was seconded, and the main question
iwhich was on agreeing to the amendment) or-
ered.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was adopted.
The question now being on ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time, it was put and
carried in the affirmative, and the bill was read a
third time.
The question now being, " Shall the bill pass?"
it was taken and carried in the affirmative.
So the bill passed.
Mr. GRINNELL moved to reconsider the vote
just taken by which the bill passed, and moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. GRINNELL, by unanimous
consent, it was
Ordered, That the sixteenth joint rule ofthe two Houses
be suspended, so far as relates to the said bill, (light-house
bill,) and that the Clerk request the concurrence of the
Senate in suspending the same.
On motion by Mr. CALDWELL, of North
Carolina, by unanimous consent, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted for the withdrawal from
the files of the House of the papers in the cases of Isaac
Marshall, Alexander Davidson, and John H. McKee.
Mr. CLINGMAN, by unanimous consent,
offered the following resolution:
1. Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to re-
port to this House, the second Monday in December next,
on the subject of the land defences of the country, in which
j he will review the general system adopted after the war
with Great Britain, and since pursued, in regard to the per-
manent fortifications then deemed necessary for the na-
tional defence; and that he report whether the general plan
! may not now be essentially modified by reducing the num-
ber of works proposed to be erected, and by abandoning
, some of the forts now in progress of construction.
3. Resolved, That the Secretary of War also report the
number of fortifications lyliicb have been built, including
those nearly completed, under the general system; the num-
ber in progress of construction, and the number not yet
commenced, but proposed to be erected, and in such form
] as will conveniently show the States and Territories in
j which the several forts are situated, or to be located; when
the work was commenced, when completed, or expected
| to be finished; the number and calibre of the guns mounted,
i or to be mounted; the estimated cost, the amount expended,
| wd the sums yet required to finish or construct, as the case
: may be, each work respectively.
Mr. MARSHALL objected to the resolution.
The SPEAKER said it was too late.
Mr. CLINGMAN demanded the previous,
question; which received a second, and the main
question was ordered to be put.
The question was then taken upon agreeing to
the resolution, arrd carried in the affirmative.
So the resolution was adopted. *
Mr. CLINGMAN moved to reconsider the vote
just taken by which the resolution was adopted,
and moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
RECESS.
Mr. SCHENCK desired to move that the
House take a recess from half past three o'clock
till five o'clock. He moved to suspend the rules
in order to test the sense of the House.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania,moved tor
strike out "five" and insert " six o'clock."
The SPEAKER said that motion would not be
in order until the rules were suspended.
The question was then taken and the rules were
suspended,
Mr. SCHENCK moved that the House take a
recess from half past three o'clock until six o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
CONSTRUCTIVE MILEAGE.
Mr. FITCH said he understood there was a bill
upon the Speaker's table from the Senate prohib-
iting constructive mileage. He moved that the
rules be suspended in order to take it up.
The question was taken and the rules were sus-
pended.
The House then proceeded to consider the bill
of the Senate entitled " An act to amend an act
entitled 'An act allowing compensation to the mem-
bers of the Senate,, members of the House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States, and to the Dele-
gates of the Territories, and repeating all other
laws on that subject.' "
The bill having received a first and second react-
ing by its title, #
Mr. FITCH demanded the previous question-;
which received a second, and the main question
was ordered.
The question now was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time, it was put and
agreed to; and the bill was read a third time.
The question now being, Shall the bill pass?
Mr. FITCH demanded the previous question.;
which wfu9 seconded; and under the operation
thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. F. moved to reconsider the vote just taken ,
and to lay that motion on the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
LIABILITY OF SHIP-OWNERS.
On motion by Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, the
rules having been supended for the purpose, the
bill entitled " An act to limit the liability of ship-
owners, and for other purposes," was taken from
the Speaker's table, ana read a first and second time-.
Mr. McL. enumerated,and explained the differ-
ent sections of the bill. He said that the bill had
been adopted in the Senate. The clause which ap-
plied to inland navigation was stricken out, because
no memorial had come up from those engaged in
the inland trade asking for a modification. He
asked the previous question on the passage of the
bill.
Mr. DUER said he desired to move an amend-
ment to the bill, and remarked that if it would en-
danger the passage of the bill, he would withdraw
it.
Mr. McLANE objected. He demanded the
previous question.
Mr. SWEETSER demanded tellers on the sec-
ond; which were ordered, and Messrs. Rose and
Sweetsek were appointed.
Mr. MEADE asked if it would be in order at
this time to move to commit the bill to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary ?
The SPEAKER stated, that ifthe previous ques-
tion was not seconded, or if it was seconded and
the main question be not ordered, it would then be
in order to move to commit the bill to any commit-
tee whatever.
The question was then taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 84, noes 33.
So the demand for the previous question received
a second.
Mr. ORR said the bill proposed some radical
c'.ianges in the existing laws. He moved to lay
