1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
779
Speaker's table Senate bill No. 278, to incorporate
the Union Gaslight Company of the District of
Columbia.
Objection being made by several—
Mr. TAYLOR moved to suspend the rules for
that purpose.
Mr. JONES said that the bill was not such a
one as he wanted, but thought that something
should be passed. In his opinion it was import-
ant that something should be passed in order to
protect 
Cries of "Order!" "order!"
The SPEAKER. The debate is out of order.
The question was then taken upon suspending
the rules, and it was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended.
Mr. TAYLOR demanded the previous question;
•which received a second, and the main question
was ordered.
Mr. ROBBINS moved to lay the bill upon the
table; which motion was not agreed to.
Mr. STANLY asked to offer an amendment,
to be incorporated in the bill.
Mr. JONES objected, as he said it would defeat
the bill. The Senate would never pass it.
The question now being on ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time,
Tellers were demanded and ordered, and Messrs.
Sweetser and Breck appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 50, noes 78.
Mr. TAYLOR demanded the yeas and liayS;
but only fourteen gentlemen rising, they were not
ordered.
So the bin was not ordered to a third reading.
GRANT OF LAND TO MISSOURI.
Mr. GREEN asked the unanimous consent of
the House to take up from the Speaker's table
Senate bill No. 371, granting the right of way to
Missouri, and a portion of the public lands to aid
in the construction of a railroad from Hannibal to
St. Joseph, in said State.
Objection being mSfte—
Mr. GREEN moved that the rules be suspend-
ed; but there being only fifty-four gentlemen rising
in the affirmative, the motion was not agreed to.
INTEREST ON ADVANCES BY MAINE.
Mr. L1TTLEFIELD moved to suspend the
rules, that he might move to discharge the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the State of the Union
from the further consideration of "a Senate bill
authorizing the accounting officers of the Treasu-
ry to settle and pay to the State of Maine interest
on moneys advanced for the protection of her fron-
tier in the years 1839, 1840, and 1841," for the
purpose of putting the bill upon its passage.
Mr. L. said he had seldom troubled the House,
and now only asked time to say that this bill had
Unanimously passed the Seriate, and had received
the unanimous assent of the Committee on the Ju-
diciary of the House. The principle was wiell
settled, that where States had advanced for the
General Government money for the payment
of the expense of defending the territory of the
Union, that they were to receive interest on the
amount so advanced. Several States had received
interest under similar circumstances. This money
is fairly and jusdy due to the State of Maine, and
if the bill should fail of a passage now, it would
undoubtedly be paid at some future time. In con-
sequence of the unfortunate loss sustained by the
State by the partial burning of the Insane Hospi-
tal a short time since, the payment of this sum at
this time would be a matter of great convenience
to the State.
Mr. L. added, that he was about to retire from
Congress, and as he had taken some interest in
this Bill for the benefit of his State, and as he knew
the claim to be perfectly just, he would esteem it a
geat favor if the Hoove would act on the bill now.
e would not further trespass on the indulgence
of the House.
The question then being upon the suspension
of the rules, tellers were demanded and ordered,
and Messrs. Fitch and Stevens of Pennsylva-
nia, appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 109, noes 21.
So the rules were suspended.
Mr. LITTLEFIELD said he would show his
confidence in the House, and his regard for the
public interest, by consuming no mors time—
which was now so precious—and would move the
previous question.
The previous question received a second, and
the mam question was ordered; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to a third
reading.
The bill was then read the third time.
The question now being, " Shall the bill pass?"
it was taken and decided in the affirmative; and
the bill was passed.
Mr. LITTLEFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill passed, and to lay that mo-
tion on the table; which latter motion was agreed
to.
GRANTS OP LAND.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida, moved a suspension
of the rules, to enable him to report from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands two Senate bills of the
following titles:
No. 168. An aQt granting the right of way,
and making a grant of land to the States of Flor-
ida and Alabama, in aid of the construction of a
railroad from the waters of Pensacola Bay, in
Florida, to Montgomery, in the State of Ala-
bama, fnd for other purposes; and
No. 274. An act granting the right of way and
making a donation of land te the State of Ala-
bama, in aid of the construction of the Mobile and
Girard railroad.
Mr. JONES objected.
Mr. CABELL moved a suspension of the rules,
to enable him to submit the motion, and demanded
tellers; which were ordered; and Messrs. Ewrne
and Levin were appointed.
The question was then taken and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 62, noes 72.
So the rules were not suspended.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, asked to suspend the
rules and take up the bill which was on the calen-
dar at the last session, which was to grant the
right of way to the Tennessee, Mississippi, and
Alabama Railroad Company. Two millions of
dollars had already been subscribed. The road
would be built; and he therefore asked that the
Committee of the Whole House on the state of
the Union be discharged from the further consid-
eration of the bill. It involves no grant of pub-
lic lands, and it only asks for the rigTit of way.
Mr. JONES inquired if it was a Senate bill.
The SPEAKER said that it was not.
Mr. JONES. It is of no use to pass it here
then, for it cannot pass the Senate.
The question was then taken on suspending the
rules, and it was not agreed to.
CINCINNATUS TROUSDALE.
Mr. E WING moved a suspension of the rules,
so as to enable him to move to discharge the Com-
mittee of the Whole House from the further
consideration of the Senate bill for the relief of
Cincinnatus Trousdale and John G. Connolly, of
Arkansas.
The question was then taken, and the rules
were not suspended.
ORANGE AND ALEXANDRIARAILROAt) CO.
Mr. MORTON moved a supension of the rules,
so as to enable him to move that the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the bill
of the Senate for the relief of the Orange and Al-
exandria Railroad Company.
Mr. M. said he had troubled the House but very
little, and he hoped, therefore, that the bill which
he mentioned might receive consideration.
The question was then tajcen on suspending the
rules, and resulted in the negative—ayes 85, noes
62.
PAT TO CONTESTANTS OP SEATS.
Mr. TUCK asked the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a resolution; which was
read for information, as follows:
ReaoUjed, That the usual travel and per diem be paid by
the Clerk, from the contingent fund of the House, to Jared
Perkins, late a contestant for a seat in this House from the
Third district of New Hampshire: the per diem to be reck-
oned from the time of his arrival in Washington to the tenth
day of January last, the day on which his claim to a seat
was decided.
Mr. JONES objected.
Mr. TUCK moved to suspend the rules for the
purpose; which motion was agreed to.
The question now being on agreeing to the rfes-
olution— .
Mr. MOORE offered an amendment providing
for the pay of Mr. Littell, who was a contestant
at the last session.
Mr. JONES raised the point of order against the
amendment.
The SPEAKER decided that the amendment
Was not in order—that the claims of one contest-
ant could not be amended with a provision for an-
other.
The question being upon Mr. Tuck's resolu-
tion—
Mr. JONES demanded the yeas and nays; but
they were not ordered.
The question was then taken upon the resolu-
tion, and it was agreed to.
PAY TO SICK MEMBERS.
Mr. CLARKE, by unanimous consent of the
House, introduced the following resolution; which
was agreed to:
Resolvedj That the Committee on Accounts be authorized
to 8llow to be paid out of the contingent fund the per diem
pay of any members who, by sickness or unavoidable acci-
dent, were prevented front attendance on this House on the
first day of the session. *
INTEREST ON ADVANCES BY GEORGIA.
Mr. WELLBORN moved that the rules of the
House be suspended, in order to enable him to
rtioveto discharge the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union from the further considera-
tion of the Senate bill No. 210, being "An act to
authorize the Secretary of War to pay interest to
the State of Georgia on advances made by her for
the use of the United States, in the suppression of
hostilities with the Creek, Seminole, and Chero-
kee Indians, in the years eighteen hundred and
thirty-six, eighteen hundred and thirty-seven, and
eighteen hundred and thirty-eight."
Mr. W. said, that the bill was, in all essential
respects, similar to the one just passed b"y the
House in behalf of the State of Maine. Like that,
it provided for the restitution of interest actually
paid, or heretofore lost, on account of the Govern-
ment—has been passed by the Senate, met the ap-
proval of the Judiciary Committee of this House
—of which he had the hohorto be a member—and
was in conformity with numerous precedents to
be found in the legislation of this Government.
The question being taken upon the suspension
of the rules, resulted—ayes 91, noes 30.
So the rules were suspended.
Mr. WELLBORN submitted his motion, which
Was agreed to; and the House proceeded to con-
sider the bill, the question being on its third read-
ing.
Mr. W. demanded the previous question; which
received a second, and the main question was or-
dered and put; and under the operation thereof,the
said bill was ordered to be read a third time.
It was accordingly read the third time, and, under
the operation of the previous question, passed.
Mr. WELLBORN" moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed, and to lay that
motion on the table; which latter motion was
agreedt to.
MESSAGE tfROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by Mr.
Dickins, their Secretary, as follows:
Mr. Speaker : The Senate have suspended the seven-
teenth joint rule of the two Houses, so far as relates to
bills and resolutions of the following titles, viz:
Senate 346—An act to ascertain and establish private
land claims in the State of California.
Senate 483—An act to amend an act entitled " An act
allowing compensation to the members of the Senate, mem-
bers of the House of Representatives of the United States,
and to the Delegates of the Territories," and repealing all
cither laws on that subject.
Senate 251—An act to limit the liability of ship-own «*,
and for other purposes.
Senate resolution 58—A resolution for the relief of Louis
Kossuth and his associates, exiles from Hungary.
Senate resolution 38—A resolution in relation to the ac-
counts of John De Neufville.
House of Representatives 9—Joint resolution explaining
the acts of July 7,1838, March 3,1843, and June 17,1845.
in which I am directed to ask the concurrence of this
House.
The message was considered, and it was—
Ordered, That the House concur in the said resolution of
the Senate, and that the Clerk acquaint the Senate there-
with.
MILITARY ASYLUM.
Mr. BURT asked the indulgence of the House
to take up from the Speaker's table the Senate bill
392, being a bill to found a military asylum for
the relief and support of indigent soldiers of the
Army of the United State*. He begged to say t«
