780
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
the House, that if they would indulge him for a
moment, that this proposition had been reported
to the House for eight years. It had passed the
Senate. It did not ask for money belonging to
the Treasury of the United States, but was pro-
posed to be founded by the simple contributions
of the soldiers themselves.
Mr. HALL inquired whether this was the bill
that provided for the purchase of Mount Vernon?
Air. BURT replied that it was not.
Mr. McGAUGHEY objected.
Mr. BURT moved a suspension of the rules,
so as to enable him to submit a motion to take up
the bill.
Mr. McGAUGHEY objected, and made the
point of order, that the bill made appropriations
of money. It had never been considered in the
Committee of the Whole. Therefore, under the
rule, he objected to it as being a bill to make ap-
propriations.
The SPEAKER decided that the objection of
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. McGaughey]
was well founded. The motion now made was
to suspend the rules, to enable the gentleman from
South Carolina to submit a motion to bring the
bill before the House for consideration.
The question was then put upon suspending the
rules, and decided to be not agreed to.
Mr. BURT said, as it was merely a matter of
public duty with him, he demanded the yeas and
nays upon the question; which were ordered.
The question was then taken, and resulted—
yeas 122, nays 33—as follows : .
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Allen, Anderson,
Andrew?, Ashmun, Averett, Bayly, Beale, Bell, Bennett,
Binuham, Bissell, Bocock, Booth, Bowdon, Bowie, Breck,
Brigga, Brooks, Albert G. Brown, Buel, Burt, Joseph Ca-
ble, G. A. Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell, Chandler, Clarke,
Cleveland, Williamson R. YV. Cobb, Cole, Corwin. Crow-
ell, Danner, Deberry, Dixon, Doty, Duer, Duncan, Ed-
rnund-on. Eliot, Nathan Evans, Ewing, Featherston, Fitch,
Fuller, Gentry, Gilniore, Gorman, Gott, Green, Grinnell,
Halloway, Hay, Hi bard, Hilliard, Holladay, Holmes, How-
ard, Joseph W. Jackson, Andrew Johnson, James L. John-
son, Julian. Kerr, George G. Kin?, James G. King, John
A. King, La S^re, Levin, Marshall, Matteson, McDonald,
McKissock, McWillie, Daniel F. Miller, Millson, Moore,
Morehead, Morris, Morton, Nelson, Ogle, Olds, Otis. Out-
law. Peck, Phoenix, Pitman, Putnam, Reynolds, Risley,
Robbins, Rockwell, Rose, Ross, Rumsey, Schermerhorn,
Schoolcraft, Seddon, Shepperd, Spaulding, Sprague, Stanly,
F. P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Thaddeu-s Stevens,
Stetson, Sweetser, Taylor, John B. Thompson, Thurman,
Vinton, Walden, Waldo, Watkins, Wellborn, Wentwortli,
Whittlesey, Williams, Wilmot, and Young—122.
NAYS—Messrs. Bowlin, Boyd, William J. Brown, J.
P. Caldwell, Conger, Daniel, Dunham, Gerry, Giddings,
Goodenow. Howe, Hubbard, Hunter, William T. Jackson,
Robert W. Johnson, Jones, Littlefield, Horace Mann, Job
Mann, McClernand, McGaughey, McMullen, McQueen,
Morse, Orr, Parker, Reed, Savage, Thomas, Jacob Thomp- ;
son, Toombs, Wallace, and Woodward—33.
So the rules were suspended.
Mr. BURT submitted his motion, which was
agreed to, and the bill was taken from the Speaker's
table, and read a first and second time by its title.
Mr. McGAUGHEY moved to refer the bill to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. BURT moved a suspension of the rules,
so as to avoid a reference of the bill to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union;
which motion was agreed to.
Mr. BURT demanded the previous question, i
which received a second, and the main question
ordered and put, and under the operation thereof
the said bill was ordered to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time.
The question now being, " Shall the bill pass ?"
it was taken and decided in the affirmative.
Mr. BURT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill passed, and to lay that motion on
the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
APPRAISEMENT OF MERCHANDISE.
Mr. BAYLY asked the unanimous consent of
the House to take from the Speaker's table bill
No. 412, to amend an act regulating the appraise-
ment on imported merchandise, and for other
purposes.
Mr. McGAUGHEY objected.
Mr. BAYLY moved a suspension of the rules
for the purpose.
The question was then taken on suspending the
rules, and it was agreed to.
The bill was then taken up and read a first and
second time by its title, and the question being on
its third reading,
Mr. BAYLY said, this bill gave a construction
to the tariff act of 1846, which has always been
| given to it since its enactment. He had one word
1 to say to the other side before he moved the pre-
vious question. It must be obvious, that if any
attempt was made at this late period of the session
to amend the tariff, it could not succeed. It could
not get through the Senate, nor could it get through
this House.
Having made this explanation, he demanded
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered and put, and under the
operation thereof this bill was finally passed.
Mr. BAYLY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and to lay that motion
on the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
AARON STAFFORD.
Mr. OGLE, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, to whom was
referred the petition of Aaron Stafford, made a re-
port thereon, accompanied by a bill Tor his relief;
which bill was read a first and'second time, com-
mitted to a Committee of the Whole House, made
the order of the day for to-morrow, and the bill
and report ordered to be printed.
WEST FELICIANA RAILROAD COMPANY.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, moved to sus-
pend the rules, to enable him to move that the
Committee of the Whole House on the state of
the Union be discharged from the further consid-
eration of the Senate bill No. 261, entitled ' An act
for the relief of the West Feliciana Railroad Com-
pany;' which motion was disagreed to—two thirds
not voting in favor thereof.
PORTS OF ENTRY.
Mr. PHCENIX moved to suspend the rules, to
enable him to move that the bill of the Senate en-
, titled 'An act to make Cambridge, in the district of
Boston and Charlestown, a port of entry,' be taken
up from the Speaker's table.
The question was then taken, and the rules were
not suspended.
BOUNTY TO MEDICAL OFFICERS.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, moved that
the rules be suspended, so as to enable him to
move that the resolution of the Senate No. 45,
entitled 'A resolution to provide for placing certain
medical officers of the Navy, who rendered ser-
j vice on land in Mexico, upon the same footing with
medical officers of the Army for similar services,'
be taken up from the Speaker's table.
Mr. STANTON called for tellers upon the ques-
tion; which were ordered, and Messrs Clarke
and Richardson were appointed.
The question being taken, the tellers reported—
ayes 45, noes not counted.
So the rules were not suspended,
i FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
Mr. BUEL asked the unanimous consent of the
House to take up from the Speaker's table Senate
bill No. 101, being " An act to provide for the as-
certainment and satisfaction of claims of Ameri-
can citizens for spoliations committed by the
French prior to the 31st day of July, 1800.
Several Members objected.
Mr. BUEL moved to suspend the rules, and on
that question demanded the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 104, nays 75—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Alston, Andrews,
Ashmun, Bennett, Bissell, Bokee, Booth, Bowie, Briggs,
Brooks, Buel, Burrows, Butler, E. Carrington Cabell, Cal-
vin, Campbell, Chandler, Clarke, Cole, Conger, Corwin,
Dickey, Dixon, Doty, Duncan, Eliot, Nathan Evans,
Freedley, Fuller, Gentry, Gerry, Giddings, Goodenow, Gott,
Gould, Grinnell, Halloway, Hammond, Hampton, Hay,
Henry, Hilliard, Holmes, Houston, Howe, Joseph W.
Jackson, William T. Jackson, James L. Johnson, Robert
VV. Johnson, Kerr, George G. King, James G. King. John A.
King, Levin, Littlefield, Horace Mann, Marshall, Matteson,
McDowell,McKissock, R. M.McLane, Meacham, Moore,
Morehead, Morton, Nelson, Olds, Otis, Phoenix, Pitman,
Putnam, Reed, Reynolds, Rislev, Robbins, Rockwell, Rose,
Rumsey, Sackett, Sawtelle, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft,
Spaulding, Sprague, Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, Rich-
ard H. Stanton, Thaddeus Stevens, Stetson, Strong, Tay-
lor, James Thompson, John B. Thompson, Thurman,
Toombs, Tuck, Underbill, Walden, Waldo, Wentworth,
White, and Williams—104.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Anderson, Ashe, Averett,
Bay, Beale, Bingham, Bocock, Bowdon, Bowlin, Boyd,
Breck, Brisbin, Joseph Cable, Joseph P. Caldwell, Cartter,
Cleveland, W. R. W. Cobb, Danner, Dimmick, Dunham,
Edmund-son, Ewing, Featherston, Fitch. Gilmore, Gorman,
Green, Hall, Haralson, Harlan, I. G. Harris, Holladay, How-
ard, Hubbard, Hunter, Inge, Andrew Johnson, Jones, La
Sere, Leffler, McClernand, McDonald, McLanahan, Mc-
Mullen, McQueen, McWTiIlie, J. K. Miller, Millson, Morris,
Morrison, Morse, Orr, Outlaw, Parker, Peaslee, Peck,
Peun, Richardson, Robinson, Ross, Sedden, Sheppard,
Alexander H. Stephens, Sweetser, Thomas, Jacob Thomp-
son, Venable, Wallace, Watkins, Wellborn, Wildrick,
Wilmot, Woodward, and Young—75.
So the rules were not suspended, two thirds not
voting in the affirmative.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was here received from the Senate
as follows:
Mr. Speaker : The Senate have passed a resolution sus-
pending the seventeenth joint rule of the two Houses, so
far as relates to the bills of the House Nos. 436 and 437, in
which I am directed to ask the concurrence of this House.
The Senate have agreed to the resolution W this House
suspending the sixteenth joint rule of the two Houses so
far as relates to the bill of the House No. 474.
The Senate have passed a resolution suspending the sev-
teenth joint rule of the two Houses so far as relates to bills
of the Senate numbered 210, 232,18, 380, and 448, and Sen-
ate resolution No. 52; in which I am directed to ask the
concurrence of the House.
The SPEAKER stated that the Senate had
passed a resolution that the seventeenth joint rule
be suspended, providing that no bill shall be pre-
sented to the President for his signature on the last
day of the session, so far as the same related to
the Navy bill, and the Military Academy bill.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, objected to the
resolution so far as it related to the Military Acad-
emy bill.
AMERICAN COLONIZATION SOCIETY,
Mr. NELSON asked the unanimous consent of
the House to move to discharge the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union from the fur-
ther consideration of Senate bill No. 4, being f' An
act for the relief of the American Colonization So-
ciety."
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, objected.
Mr. NELSON moved to suspend the rules.
Mr. STEPHENS demanded the yeas and nays.
They were ordered; and the question being
I taken, resulted—yeas 121, nays 47—as follows:
I YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Allen, Andrews,
Ashmun, Beale, Bennett, Bingham, Bokee, Booth, Bowie,
Breck, Bnggs, Brisbin, William J^Brown, Buel, Burrows,
Butler, George A. Caldwell, Chandler. Clarke, Cole,
Conger, Corwin, Crowell, Dickey, Dimmick, Dixon, Doty,
! Duer, Duncan, Dunham, Eliot, Alexander Evans, Nathan
i Evans, Ewing, Fitch, Freedley, Fuller, Gilbert, Wilmore,
Goodenow, Gorman, Gott, Gould, Grinnell, Halloway,
Hammond, Hampton, Harlan, Thomas L. Harris, Hay,
Henry, Houston, Howe, Hunter, William T. Jackson,
James L. Johnson, Julian, Kerr, George G. King, James
G. King, John A. King, Leffler, Levin, Littlefield, Horace
Mann, Job Mann, Marshall, Matteson, McDonald, Mc-
Dowell, McGaughey, McKissock, McLanahan, Robert M.
McLane, Finis E. McLean, Meacham, Moore, Morehead,
Morris, Morrison, Morton, Nelson, Ogle, Olds, Otis, Peck,
Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds, Richardson, Robbins,
Robinson, Rockwell, Root, Rose, Rumsey, Sawtelle, Scher-
merhorn, Schoolcraft, Shepperd, Spaulding, Sprague,
Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Thad-
deus Stevens, Strong, Taylor, James Thompson. Thurman,
Tuck, Underbill, Vinton, Waldo, Watkins, White, Wil-
, liams, and Wright—121.
NAYS—Messrs. Alston, Ashe, Averett, Bay, Bayly,
Bissell, Bocock, Bowdon, Boyd, Burt, E. Carrington
Cabell, CJingman, W. R. W. Cobb, Daniel, Deberry,
Edmundson. Featherston, Green, Hall, Hamilton, Haral-
son, Isham G. Harris, Hibbard, Holladay, Howard, Hub-
bard, Inge, Joseph W.Jackson, RobertW. Johnson, Jones,
McMullen, McQueen, McWillie, Meade, John K. Miller,
Morse, Orr, Peaslee, Phelps, Seddon, Alexander H.
Stephens, Stetson, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Wallace,
Wellborn, and Woodward—47.
So the rules were suspended.
Mr. NELSON moved that the Committee of
the Whole be discharged from the further consid-
eration of said resolution, and on that motion de-
manded the previous question.
Mr. DANIEL hoped the previous question
would not be sustained.
[Cries of " Order!" "order!"]
The previous question was then seconded and
the mam question ordered, which main question
, was on agreeing to Mr. Nelson's motion; and
being taken it was agreed to.
Mr. NELSON moved that the bill be put upon
its passage, and on that mdlion demanded the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered, which main question was
on ordering the bill to a third reading.
Mr. DANIEL demanded the yeas and nays on
the third reading of the bill, and tellers on the
yeas and nays; and tellers were ordered.
The question being taken by tellers, (Messrs.
Jones and Allen acting,) was decided in the af-
firmative—ayes 30, noes 100.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question on the third reading of the bill
