1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
781
being then takeVi by yeas and nays, resulted—yeas
110, nays 50—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Allen, Anderson,
Andrews, Ashman, Beale, Bingham, Bissell, Bokee, Booth,
Bowie, Breck, Briggs, Brisbin, Buel, Burrows, Butler,
Geor e A. Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell, Chandler, Clarke,
Confer, Ciowell, Banner, Dickey, Diinmick, Dixon, Doty,
Duer, Duncan, Dunham, Durkee, Eliot, Alexander Evans,
Nathan Evans, Ewiug, Fitch, Fuller, Gilbert, Gott, Gould,
Grinnell, Hallo way, Hammond, Hay, Hebard, Henry, !
Houston, Howe, William T. Jackson, Julian, Kerr, James
G. King, John A. King, Leffler, Levin, Horace Mann, Job
Mann, Matteson, McDonald, McDowell, McGau?liey, Mc-
Kissock, Mcl.anaban, R. M. McLane, Meacham, Moore,
Morehead, Morris, Morrison, Morton, Nelson, Ogle, Otis,
Peaslee, Peat, Phu-nix, Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds,
Bobbins, Robinson, Rockwell, Root, Rose, Rumsey, Saw-
tell)', Schermerhom, Schoolcraft, gpaulding, Sprague,
Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Strong,
Sweetser, Taylor, James Thompson, Underbill, Vinton,
Waldo, Watkins, Wentworth, White, Whittlesey, Wil-
liams, and Wright—110.
NAYS—Messrs. Alston, Ashe, Averett, Bay, Bayly, Bo-
eock, Bowrton, Bowlin, Boyd, Albert G. Brown, Burt,
Cartter, Clingman, Daniel, Deberry, Edmundson, Feath-
erston, Green, Hall, Hamilton, Haralson, Isham G. Harris,
Sampson W. Harris, Hibbard, Holladay, Howard, Inge,
Joseph W. Jackson, Jones,Marshall,Mason, McClernand,
McMullen, McQueen, McWillie, Meade, John K. Miller,
Millson, Orr, Outlaw, Parker, Penn, Phelps, Powell, Sed-
don, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Wallace, Wellborn, and
W oodward—50.
So the bill was read a third time.
The question then recurred on the passage of
the bill.
Mr. NELSON demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question having received a second,
the main question was ordered, which main ques-
tion was on the passage of the bill. '
The question being taken, was decided in the
affirmative.
So the bill passed.
Mr. NELSON moved to reconsider the vote by
which the House had passed said bill, and to lay
that motion on the table; which latter motion was
agreed to.
THANKS TO THE SPEAKER.
Mr. VINTON said: I have risen, Mr/Speaker,
for the purpose of offering a resolution, which I
am quite sure will command the undivided vote of
the House. I do not think that I shall have any
occasion to move to suspend the rules. I simply
ask the unanimous consent of the House to offer
die following resolution, and I am sure that I shall
receive it.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the thanks of this House are due and are
hereby presented to the Hon. Howell Cobb, for the able,
impartial, and dignified manner in which he has discharged
die duties of Speaker daring the present Congress.
There being no objection, the resolution was
unanimously agreed to.
PAY TO CONTESTANTS OP SEATS.
Mr. STRONG asked the unanimous consent of
the House to offer the following resolution from
the Committee of Elections:
Remitted, That th« Clerk of the House pay to Charles J.
Iagersoll, of Pennsylvania, out of the contingent fund of
the House the same per diem pay and mileage that are al-
lowed to members, computing the same from the commence-
ment of the Twenty-sixth Congress to the 15th day of Jan-
nary, A. D. 1840, the day on which the House decided the
election contested between him and Charles Naylor.
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House be directed to
ascertain as soon as possible the legal expenses of the con-
tested election in the Fourth Congressional district of Penn-
sylvania, and pay the same out of the contingent fund of
this House.
Resolved, That the Clerk be directed to pay to John S.
Littell bis per diem and mileage, as are usually allowed to
members of Congress, from the commencement of the first
session of this Congress, until the 11th day of September
last, inclusive, the contest for a seat between him and the
Hon. John Bobbins, jr., having been deeided on that day.
' Mr. JONES objected.
Mr. STRONG moved to suspend the rules to
enable him to introduce the resolution, and de-
manded tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Briggs and
Wektworth appointed, and the question being
taken, the tellers reported—ayes 58, noes not
counted.
So, two thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended.
Mr. HOLMES. I rise to a privileged question.
I move that the seventeenth joint rule be suspended
so far as relates to the bills that have already passed
both Houses, and that they be sent to the Presi-
dent for his signature.
Mr. JONES objected.
The SPEAKER stated that it was not a privi-
leged question.
Mr. HOLMES subsequently (the rules having
been suspended for the purpose) introduced the
following resolution, which was agreed to:
Resolved, That all the bills which have passed both
Houses be presented to the President for signature, and that
the 17th rule be suspended for that purpose.
. REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, asked the
unanimous consent of the House to introduce the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the standing committees of this House
may make rejwrts by handing the same to the Clerk and en-
dorsing thereon that they be laid on the table and printed.
Mr. WENTWORTH objected.
Mr. THOMPSON moved to suspend the rules
to enable him to introduce the resolution.
The question being taken, the rules were not
suspended.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was here received from the Senate by
Mr. Dickins, their Secretary, viz:
Mr. spkaker : The Senate have agreed to the amend-
ment o£0ie House of Representatives to the fourth amend-
ment or the Senate to the bill of the House (No. 438)
making appropriation for the service of the Post Office De-
partment daring the year ending June 30,1853, and insist
upon their first and third amendments to the said bill, dis-
agreed to by the House.
The Senate ask a conference on the said disagreeing vates
of the two Houses, and have appointed Messrs. Hunter,
Rusk, and Piarce,, managers at the said conference on
their part.
The House proceeded to the consideration of
the said message; when it was
Ordered, That the House insist upon their disagreement
to the said first and third amendments, and agree to the con-
ference asked by the Senate thereon.
Ordered, That Mr. Baylt, Mr. Vinton, and Mr. Jacob
Thompson, be the managers at the said conference on the
part of the House.
EXTRA PAY TO CLERKS, MESSENGERS, ETC.
Mr. WENTWORTH asked the unanimous
consent of the House to introduce the following
resolution:
Resolved, That there be paid oat of the contingent fund
of the House to the employes thereof, including the police
of the Capitol, as well as the regular laborers and lamp-
lighters on the public grounds around the Capitol, the usual
extra compensation allowed at the close of a session : And
that the clerk of the Sergeant-at-Arms be paid tbe same
amount of compensation allowed to the engrossing clerks
of the House.
Several Members objected.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved to suspend the
rules to enable him to offer the resolution.
Mr. HALL called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. WENTWORTH. This resolution will
pass, and may as well pass now as at any time.
The yeas and nays were not ordered. j
Mr. JONES demanded tellers on the suspension
of the rules; and they were ordered.
The question was then taken by tellers, (Messrs.
Akderson and Leffler acting,) and was decided
in the affirmative—ayes 130, noes 18.
So the rutea were suspended.
Mr. WENTWORTH demanded the previous i
question on the adoption of the resolution.
The previous question having been seconded,
the main question was ordered; which main ques-
tion was on agreeing to the resolution. j
The question being taken, the resolution was
agreed to.  
Mr. WENTWORTH moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted, and to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table; which
latter motion was agreed to. i
JOSEPH D. WARD.
Mr. MARSHALL asked the unanimous con- j
sent of the House to take from the Speaker's table
Senate bill 85, being an act for the relief of Joseph •
D. Ward.
No objection was offered.
The SPEAKER stated that the question was ;
upon agreeing to the Senate amendment.
The Clerk reported the amendment of the Sen-
ate, which provided a pension for Isaac Watts
Griffith.
Mr. MARSHALL demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question having been seconded,
the main question was ordered; which main ques-
tion was on agreeing to the Senate amendment.
The question being taken, the amendment was -
concurred in.
Mr. MARSHALL moved to reconsider the vote,
and to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. JONES, by unanimous con-
sent, the 17th joint rule was suspended so far m
it related to this bill.
*
COLLINS ANDREWS. '
Mr. BISSELL moved that the Committee of the
Whole House be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the bill for the relief of Collins An-
drews.
The question was then taken, and the bill having
been engrossed according to order, was read a third
time and passed.
Mr. BISSELL moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill had been passed, and to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider upon the table; which latter mo-
tion was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. BISSELL, the 16th joint
rule was then suspended so far as it related to this
bill.
THE LATE CLERK OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. ANDERSON moved that the rules be sus-
pended, to enable him to introduce the following
resolution:
Resolved, That there be paid out of the contingent fund
of thisHoii8e to the widow of its l.*.te Clerk, Thomas J.
Campbell, a sum equal to the salary of said Clerk, reckoned
from the time of his death to the close of the last session of
Congress.
Mr. GENTRY stated that the family were in
very indigent circumstances.
Mr. JONES demanded the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 81, nays 64—as follows:
YEAS- Messrs. Alston, Anderson, Andrews, Bennett,
Bokee, Bowdon, Breck, Briggs, Albert G. Brown, Butler,
E. C. Cabell, Calvin, Campbell, Casey, Chandler, Clarke,
Cole, Deberry, Dickey, Dixon, Doty, Duncan, Edmund-
son, Nathan Evans, Ewing, Freedley, Gentry, Giddings,
Gilmore, Gorman, Gott, Gould, Grinnell, Hammond, Hay,
Haymond, Henry, Hoagland, Holmes, Howe, James L.
Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Kerr, George <J. King, James
G. King, John A. King, Leffler, Matteson, MeGaughey,
McKissock, Finis E. McLean, Moore, Morehead, Morton,
Nelson, Ogle, Olds, Outlaw, Owen, Phm nix, Pitman, Potter,
Putnam, Reynolds, Risley, Rose, Schoolcraft, Seddon,
Sp ulding,Sprague, Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, Thad-
deus Stevens, Thurman, Tuck, Underhill, Venable, Wal-
den, Watkins, White, Williams, and Woodward—81.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ashe, Averett, Beale, Bingham,
Booth, Bowlin, Boyd, Brisbin, William J. Brown, Burt,
George A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Cleveland, W.
R. W. Cobb, Daniel, Danner, Dimmick, Dunham, Durkee,
Green, Hall, Hamilton, Haralson, Harlan, Isliam G. Harris,
Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Hebard, Hibbard,
Holladay, Howard, Inge, Andrew Johnson, Jones, Horace
Mann, Mason,McLanahan, McMullen, McQueen, McWil-
lie, Meade, John K. Miller, Millson, Morris, Morrison,
Otis, Phelps, Robbins, Root, Ross, Alexander H. Stephens,
Stetson, Sweetser, Thomas, John B. Thompson, Toombs,
Waldo, Wallace, Wellborn, Whittlesey, Wildrick, Wilmot,
and Young—64.
So, two thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended.
MAJOR FREDERICK D. MILLS.
Mr. BUTLER, by the unanimous consent from
the Committee of Claims, reported back without
amendment, Senate bill No. 312, for the relief of
Major Frederick D. Mills, deceased.
Mr. BUTLER asked that the bill might be put
on its passage, and demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question having been seconded, the
main question was ordered; which main question
was on the third reading of the bill.
The bill was then read the third time, and under
the operation of the previous question passed.
Mr. BUTLER moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table; which latter motion was
agreed to.
On motion by Mr. BUTLER, the 17th joint rule
was suspended so far as it related to that bill.
Mr. DANIEL moved that the rules be suspended
so as to enable him to move that the Committee of
the Whole House on the state of the Union be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the bill
of the Senate, (No. 283,) entitled " An act for the
relief of the Orange and Alexandria Railroad Com-
pany;" which motion was disagreed to; two thirds
not voting in favor thereof.
JOHN W. NYE.
Mr. McLEAN, of Kentucky, moved that the
rules be suspended, so as to enable him to offer a
resolution to discharge the Committee of the Whole
from the further consideration of the resolution for
the relief of John W. Nye, as follows:
