784
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3.
The SPEAKER said tliot the Chair had enter-
tained the motion to adjourn siite die.
Mr. ASHE said that he did not recognize the
power of the House to call the roll at this hour.
Mr. BURT desired to know whether, if the
House should now adjourn, the Senate could not
act upon the bills which had been sent to them,
and by concurring in those bills make them laws?
The SPEAKER stated in reply, that the bills
could not be signed by the Presiding Officer of the
House, except when the House was in session.
The yeas and nays were then taken on the mo-
tion to adjourn sine die, and resulted—yeas 30,
nays 153—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Averett, Butt, Oartter, Cleveland, Wil-
liamson R. \V. Cobb. Doty, lierrv, Gorman, Hall, Ham-
mond, Haralson, Sampson VV. Harris, Hubbard, Andrew
Johnson, Robert \V. Johnson, Mason, McLanahan, Mc-
Queen, Morrison. Morse, Olds, Orr, Ross, Alexander H.
Stephens, Jacob Thompson, Toombs, Wallace, Wellborn,
Williams, and Woodward—-30.
NAYS—Messrs. Altiertson, Alexander, Anderson, An-
drews, Ashmun, Baylv, Beale. Bell, Bennett, Bingham,
Bissell, Bokee. Booth, Bowdon, Bowie, Bowlin, Boyd,
Breck, Briggs. Brisbin. Brooks, Albert G. Brown, Bucl,
Burrows, Butler, George A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell,
Calvin. Campbell, Casey, Chandler, Clarke, Cole, Conger,
Crowell, Danner, Deberrv, Dickey, Dimmick, Dixon, Duer,
Duncan, Dunham, Durkee, Edinundson, Eliot, Nathan
Evans, Ewmg. Featherston, Freedley, Gentry, Gilbert, Gil-
niore, Goodenow, Gott, Gould, Green, Gnnnell, Halloway,
Hamilton, Hampton, Harlan, Isham G. Harris, Thomas L.
Harms, Hav, Haymond, Hebard, Henry, Hibbard, Holladay,
Holmes, Houston, Howe, Hunter, Joseph W. Jackson,
William T. Jackson, Jaines L. Johnson, Jones, Julian,
Kerr, George G. King, James G. King, John A. King,
I,a Sere, Leffler, Littlefield, Horace Mann, Job Man, Mat-
teson, McClernand, McGaughey, McKissock, Robert M.
McLane, Meacham, Daniel F. Miller, Millson, Moore,
Morehead, Morris, Morton, Nelson, Ogle, Otis, Outlaw,
Parker, Peaslet, Peck, Phoenix, Pitman, Potter, Powell,
Putnam, Reed, Reynolds, Richardson, Risley, Robbins,
Robinson, Rockwell, Root, Rose, Rumsey, Sackett, Saw-
telle, Schenck, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Seddon, Shep-
perd, Spaulding, Sprague, Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton,
Richard H. Stanton, Thaddeus Stevens, Stetson, Strong,
Taylor, Thomas. James Thompson, John B. Thompson,
Thurman, Tuck, Underbill, Vinton, Waldo, Watkins,
White, Whittlesey, Wildrick, Wilniot, Wright, and Young
—153.
So the House refused to adjourn sine die.
CONTftACTS FOR PRINTING.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following communication:
The undersigned have the honor to report to tile House
of Representatives, that in pursuance of the joint resolution
of the 3d of August, 1846, advertisements were published for
four weeks successively in all the newspapers printed in the
city of Washington, for the purpose of executing the print-
ing of the Thirty-second Congress; that sealed proposals
were received from various persons—eleven in number—
which were duly opened as required by the said resolution ;
that after a full examination and comparison of all the pro-
posals, it was ascertained that A. Boyd Hamilton, of Phila-
delphia, was the lowest bidder for the printing of all the five
classes ; and that contracts and bonds with security deemed
sufficient have been executed by the said A. Beyd Hamil-
ton, for the execution of the printing for which his proposals
were accepted. Copies of the advertisement of the propo-
sals, comparative statements of the proposals, and of the
contracts and bonds, are herewith submitted.
HOWELL COBB,
Speaker of the Ho-use of Representatives.
R. M. YOUNG,
Clrrk of the House of Representatives.
March 9,1851.
On motion by Mr. BUTLER, by unanimous
consent—
Ordered, That leave be granted for the withdrawal from
the files or the House of the petition and papers of Isaac
Downs, for the purpose of reference to one of the executive
Departments.
Mr. MASON, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House pay out of the
contingent fund thereof to Judge J. F. Kinney, of Iowa, the
eum ol (J419 15, the amount of his account for services ren-
dered in ca.-e of the contested election between William
Thompson and Daniel F. Miller.
Objection was made, and the House refused to
suspend the rules.
On motion by Mr. CROWELL, by unanimous
consent, the Committee on Indian Affairs was dis-
charged from the further consideration of the me-
morial of Simeon Buckner; and it was ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. WRIGHT moved a suspension of the
rules, to enable him to offer a resolution authorizing
the Clerk of the House to purchase one thousand
copies of the charts of the Bay of San Francisco
and adjacent waters, with sailing directions by
CommanderC. Ringgold, United States Navy, for
the use of the membees of the House; which was
not agreed to.
Mr. BOYD asked unanimous consent to intro-
duce a resolution that the House take a recess for
seven hours.
Mr. VINTON objected.
Mr. BOYD moved to suspend the rules.
Mr. "VINTON said that if they went away now
the House would never get together again. He
demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. CLINGMAN wished to say to the House,
that the Senate were now about [The remain-
der of the sentence was drowned in shouts of
"Order!"]
The yeas and nays were ordered on the motion
to suspend the rules; and being taken, were—yeas
43, nays 113; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Beale, Bocock, Bowdon, Bowie, Boyd,
Bnsbin, George A. Caldwell, Deberry, Dimmick, Doty,
Dunham, Featherston, Fuller, Gerry, Gilmore, Gorman,
Hall, Hamilton, Isham G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris,
Howard, Inge, Andrew Johnson, Jones, La S6re, Marshall,
McGaughey, McQueen, Morrison, Ogle, Orr, Phoenix,
Schermerhorn, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton,
Alexander H. Stephens, Thaddeus Stevens, Jacob Thomp-
son, Tooinbs, Wallace, Williams, Woodward, and Young—
43.
NAYS—Messrs. Alberlson, Alexander, Anderson, An-
drews, Ashmun, Bennett, Bingham, Bissell, Bokee, Booth,
Bowlin, Breck, Brooks, Butler, Joseph P. Caldwey, Casey,
Chandler, Clarke, Cleveland, Clingman, Williamson R.
W. Cobb, Conger, Crowell, Danner, Dickey, Dixon, Dun-
can, Edmundson, Eliot, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans,
Ewing, Fitch, Gentry, Gilbert, Gott, Gould, Grinnell, Hal-
loway, Hampton, Harlan, Hay, Haymond, Henry, Hibbard,
Holladay, Houston, Howe, Hunter, Joseph W.Jackson,
William T. Jackson, James L. Johnson, Robert W. John-
son, Kerr, George G. King, James G. King, John A. King,
Horace Mann, Job Mann, Mason, Matteson, McClernand,
McDonald, McKissock, McLanahan, Meacliam, Millson.
Moore, Morehead, Morris, Morton, Nelson, Otis, Outlaw,
Parker, Peaslee, Peck, Penn, Pitman, Powell, Putnam,
Reed, Reynolds, Risley, Robbins, Rockwell, Root, Rose,
Rumsey, Sackett, Sawtelle, Schenck, Schoolcraft, Seddon,
Spaulding, Sprague, Stanly, Stetson, Taylor, Thomas,
John B. Thompson, Thurman, Tuck, Underhill, Vinton,
Walden, Waldo, Watkins, Wellborn, Wentworth, White,
Whittlesey, and Wildrick—113.
So the rules were not suspended.
[A message was here received from the Senate
by the hands of Mr. Dickins, their Secretary, in-
forming the House that the Senate had adopted a
resolution suspending the 17th joint rule so far as
relates to the bill of the Senate No. 171, and bills
of the House 438 and 351, and Senate resolution
No. 59.]
Mr. SIBLEY moved that the rules be suspended,
so as to enable him to move that the Committee
of the Whole House be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the bill of the House (No.
451) for the relief of Mary Woodbury and Eliza-
beth Odell; which motion was disagreed to—two
thirds not voting in favor thereof.
CENSUS STATISTICS.
Mr. SACKETT asked the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a joint resolution to au-
thorize the distribution of the seventh census sta-
tistics as soon as published, to the members of the
present Congress.
Mr. JONES objected.
Mr. SACKETT moved to suspend the rules.
The question was taken, and the rules were
suspended.
The joint resolution having been read twice—
Mr. JONES moved to lay it on the table. This
was no time to provide for the distribution of the
census.
The motion was not agreed to; and the joint
resolution was read a third time and passed.
Mr. CLARKE asked the unanimous consent of
the House to report the following resolution from
the Committee on Accounts:
Resolved, That the Clerk payout of the contingent fund,
to commence with the present Congress, fifty cents per day
in addition to the per diem allowance of the following mes-
sengers : William H. Mmnix, John R. Queen, Thomas D.
Larner, Alexander Hay, R. S. Sproule, A. Gilhspie, Peter
Laphen, James Henry, Charles H. Upton, S. S. Cutts,
James Owner, Patrick H. Brooks, and William T. Stewart.
Mr. JONES objected.
Mr. CLARKE moved to suspend the rules to
enable him to introduce the resolution. [
The question was taken, and the motion to sus-
pend the rules was not agreed to. j
Ten minutes to one o'clock, a. m.
Mr. PULLER asked the unanimous consent
of the House, and, objection being made, moved
to suspend the rules, to enable him to offer the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House be directed to
compensate for services performed in carrying into effect the
joint resolution requiring proposals to be advertised for and '
received to execute the printi.-.g of Congress; for making
the calculations nccessary to ascertain the lowest bids; for
preparing the contracts and bonds required by law, arid at-
tending to that business generally, under the direction of the
presiding officers of tile two Houses, the Secretary of the
Senate and Clerk of the House of Representatives, $300.
Mr. SWEETSER rose to a privileged question.
His question was, that the Thirty-first Congress
had expired, and that the House had no right to
dispose of the public money.
Loud cries of " Order!" and great confusion.
Mr. FULLER said he believed he had the floor.
Mr. SWEETSER insisted on liis point of order.
The SPEAKER said that the Chair overruled
the point of order, and that the House had already
overruled it.
Mr. SCHENCK wished to know, if the Thir-
ty-first Congress had expired, what right the
gentleman from Ohio had to raise the question of
order? [Laughter, and cries of "Order!"]
The question was then taken on Mr. Fuller's
motion, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, asked
unanimous consent to introduce the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House be authorized to
pay, out of the contingent fund of the House, to James C.
Walker, the same compensation annually which is paid to
the assistant clerks of the Clerk of the House of Represent-
atives.
Mr. T. said that the resolution was for the re-
lief of a highly meritorious officer, and would, he
hoped, be universally acceptable to the House.
Mr. JONES objected. .
Mr. THOMPSON moved to suspend the rules.
The question was taken, and the motion to sus-
pend the rules was agreed to.
The question recurring on the resolution, it was
taken, and the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMES asked unanimous consent to of-
fer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House be directed to fur-
nish each member with one hundred copies of Hickey's
edition of the Constitution, Alphabetical Analysis and Sta-
tistics, provided that those copies can be procured at the
same reduced price paid by the Senate.
Mr. JONES objected.
Mr. HOLMES moved to suspend the rules.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SACKETT? moved to reconsidec the vote
by which the House had just adopted the resolu-
tion providing for the distribution of the seventh
census. The resolution had by accident been
drawn "up as a joint resolution. His object in
moving to reconsider was to change it into a sim-
ple resolution of the House.
The SPEAKER pro tem. stated that that could
not be done under a motion to reconsider.
Mr. STRONG asked unanimous consent to in-
troduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Clerk pay to the two folders on public
documents in House folding room, the same per diem and
compensation as is allowed and paid to the assistant folders
in the Hall, commencing with the present Congress.
The object of the resolution was to compensate
two of the most industrious and faithful officers
about the Capitol. He hoped there would be no
objection.
Mr. ASHE objected.
Mr. STRONG moved to suspend the rules.
The question being taken, the motion to sus-
pend the rules was not agreed to.
Mr. MORTON asked the unanimous consent of
the House to enable him to move to take up from
the Speaker's table Senate bill No. 94, being a
bill for the relief of Elizabeth Jones and other
children, if any, of John Carr.
Mr. HALL objected.
Mr. MORTON moved to suspend the rules.
The question was taken, and the motion to sus-
pend the rules was not agreed to.
Mr. HENRY asked unanimous consent to en-
able him to report, from the Committee on Public
Land, Senate bill granting to the State of Michi-
gan the right of way and a donation of the public
lands for the construction of a ship canal around
the Falls of St. Mary's, in said State.
Many Members objected.
Mr. HENRY moved to suspend the rules.
The motion to suspend the rules was not agreed
to.
Mr. WALDO, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee on Pensions, to which was referred
the petitions of Hannah Cock, Charlotte Granger,
William Thomas, John M. 'Handsly, David
