THE
GLOBE.
PUBLISHED A.T WASHINGTON,
BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $
1 50 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 2d Session,
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 5, 1851.
New Series....No. 50.'
   ' 1 ' ' ' -
Witlinow, James Frazier, Susan Cook, Charles
C. Carson et al., Jeremiah Smith, David Tronel, |
Devereaux D. Rartlett, Sarah Teas, Mariah Hills,
Marv Baury, Clarissa Marvin, Mary Hnskitis,
Gerskom Manchester, William K. Blair, James
Cahill, Mary A. ICendle, and Roswell Tarbox,
made adverse reports thereon, which were sever-
ally laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr, WALDO, by unanimous consent, from
the same committee, to which was referred the pe-
tition of the heirs of Colonel Ebenezer Gray, de-
ceased, reported a joint resolution, No. 41, for their
relief, accompanied by a report in writing; which
resolution was read a first and second time, com-
mitted to a Committee of the Whole House, made
the order of the day for to-morrow, and the reso-
lution and report ordered to be printed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, asked the unani- '
tnous consent of the House to take up abill grant-
ing the right of way, and a portion of the public
lands to the States of Missouri and Arkansas, for
the construction of a railroad.
Objection was made.
Mr. JOHNSON moved to suspend the rules,
and demanded tellers on that motion.
Tellers were ordered, and the question being
taken, (Messrs. Ewikg and Clingmah acting) it
was decided in the negative—ayes 34, noes not
counted.
So the rules were not suspended.
Mr. POTTER asked unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That there be paid to Nathan Raflibon the usual
compensation for bis service* as clerk to the Committee on
tte Post Office and Post Road*.
Mr. JONES objected.
Mr. POTTER moved to suspend the rules.
The motion was not agreed to.
C*ANT OF LAND.TO MISSOURI.
Mr. BOWLIN desired to #.sk the unanimous
Consent of the Hous# to take up a bill on the
Speaker's table, which was one of vast importance
to the people of the State of Missouri, and one
which he believed the House 
Loud cries of " Order!" and " Object!"
The SPEAKER stated that remarks were not j
in order on a motion to suspend the rules. j
Mr. BOWLIN would then move to suspend j
the rules, to enable him to move to take up bill No.
376, being " A bill to grantto the Stateof Missouri
the right of way and a portion of the public lands j
for the purpose of aiding in the construction of a
railroad from St. Louis to the western limits of j
■aid State."
The question was taken and the motion to sus-
suspend the rules was not agreed to.
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana, asked the unanimous ,
consent to submit the following resolution: ,
Resolved, Tbat the Clerk of the House pay to tbe clerks
and messengers in the post office of tbe city of Washington
the same allowance that has been made to tbe clerks and
messengers of this House.
Mr. HALL objected.
Mr. BROWN moved to suspend the rules.
The motion was not agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION'S.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following Executive com-
munications; which were ordered to lie on the table
and be printed, except those numbered X, XII*
and XXII.
To the Speaker of the Haute of Representative!: j1
I have the honor herewith to transmit to the House of 1
Representatives the report of the Inspectors of the Peniten- , i
tiary of the United States, in this District,for the year ending
December 31st, 1850. MILLARD FILLMORE. >;
Washington, February 15,1851.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
sundry Executive communications, viz:
I. A letter from the Secretary of State, trans-
mitting his annual statements of the disbursement
of the contingent fund for the year ending June
30, 1850. i
II. A letterfrom the Commissioner of Customs, i
transmitting a statement of the balances due from ;
officers of the customs for more than three years
50
prior to the 30th June, 1850, on the books of the
Register of the Treasury.
III. A letter from the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting the annual general return of the militia of
the United States, and of arms, accoutrements,
and ammunition for the year 1850.
IV. A letter from the Secretary of the Navy, in
complianoe with a provision of the naval appro-
priation act of September 28, 1850, on the subject
of condensers for supplying the boilers of marine
engines with fresh water.
V. A letter from the First Comptroller of the
Treasury, transmitting a statement of the accounts
which remained due more than three years prior
to July 1, 1850, on the books of the Fourth
Auditqr; also, a further statement from the Re-
gister of the Treasury, of similar balances on his
books.
VI. A letter from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, transmitting statements of the clerks and
other persons employed in his office during the
year 1850, dkc,
VII. A letter from the Postmaster General,trana-
mitting statements from the disbursing agent of
his Department, showing in detail his receipts and
payments during the year ending December 31,
1850.
VIII. A letter from tUte Postmaster General,
transmitting statements of the clerks and other
persons employed in his office during the year
1850, &c.
IX. A letter from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, transmitting a statement in pursuance of the
third section of the act entitled " An act to carry
into .effect the treaties concluded by the Chickasaw
tribe of Indians on the 20th October, 1832, and
24th May, 1834."
X. A letter from the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting copies of the official Army Register for
January, 1851.
XI. A letter from th# Secretary of War, trans-
mitting a report from the Colonel of the Corps of
Topographical Engineers of the examination and
surveys undertaken pursuant to an appropriation
made at the last session of Congress " to deter-
mine upon the best and most available mode of
supplying the city of Washington with pure wa- j
ter," together with a "plan and estimate of the
probable coBt of the same."
XII. A letter from the Secretary of the Interior,
transmitting information touching the appointment
of Charles Borland, of Ohio, as agent to collect
the bonds for which the Choctaw orphan reserve
lands in Mississippi were sold, in compliance'with
a resolution of the House of Representatives of
the 30th December last.
XIII. A letter from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, transmitting a report on the condition of the
banks throughout the Union, in compliance with
a resolution of the House of the 10th of July,
1832.
XIV. A letter from the Secretary1 of the Navy,
transmitting his annual statement of the clerks
and other persons employed in his Department
during the year 1850, &c.
XV. A letter from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, transmitting a communication from the Com-
missioner of Customs, in obedience to the resolu-
tion of the House of Representatives, of the 3d
of January last, calling for the evidences of frauds
upon the revenue by undervaluations.
XVI. A letter from the Secretary of State, trans-
mitting his annual report of the clerks and other
persons employed in his Department during the
year ending December 31, 1850.
XVII. A letter from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, transmitting, in compliance with the fifth sec-
tion of the act of28th September, 1850, (light-house
bill,) a copy of a letter from the general superin-
tendent of the light-house establishment, accom-
panied by certain reports adverse to works desig-
nated by said act.
XVIII. A letter front the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting statements of contracts au-
thorized during the years 1848 and 1849, and 1849
and 1850, of payments made according to law at
the Treasury of the United States, to the 30th of t
June, 1850, and of the expenditures from the Ma-
rine. Hospital fund, &c.
XIX. A letter from the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, transmitting his annual statement of the'
clerks and other persons employed in his Depart-
ment duripg the year 1850, &c.
XX. A letter from the Secretary of the Treas-
uty> transmitting statements of the accounts which
remained due more than three years prior to June
30, 1850, on the books of the Second and Third
Auditors of the Treasury and Register of the
Treasury ; also, statements from the Fifth Auditor,
and from the Second and Third Auditors, on the
subject of balances.
XXI. A letter from the Commissioner of Pub-
life Buildings, submitting his annual report, agree-
ably to the act of Congress approved March 21,
1840.
XXII. A letter from the Postmaster General,
transmitting statements of offers for carrying the
mail, contracts made, land and water mails, addi-
tional allowances to contractors, curtailments of
mail service, and of fines imposed within the year
ending June 30, 1850.
XXIII. A letter from the Mayor of Cincinnati,
transmitting the proceedings of the citizens of that,
place in regard to the death of the late President
of the United States, Zachary Taylor.
XXIV. A statement of the contingent expenses
of the office of the Secretary of the Navy and the.
Bureaux of the Navy Department, for the year
ending June 30, 1850.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing message from the President of the United
States, heretofore received, viz:
To tie House of RepretenUUivet of the United State): J
I transmit herewith tbe annual report of tbe Director of
the Mint ;it Philadelphia, showing the operation of the Mbit
and Branch Mints for the year 1850.
MILLARD FILLMORE.
WiSHiKOTOH, January 30,1851.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. CARTTER said: I rise to a privileged
question. Iri the newspaper reports of the debates'
on Thursday on the Army appropriation bill, I'
was made to quote Colonel May, of the United
States Array, as authority in relation to the con-
dition of the pasturage in New Mexico. It is due
to Colonel May and to myself to say—and I desire
to say it at this time—that I was not authorized'
to use, and did not use, his name in connection
with the subject as of authority; nor had his're-
mark, on which my statement was based, any"
relation to the condition of the army. His con-
versation with me was accidental and of a private
nature, and had no reference to the estimates or
administration of the army.
CENSUS STATISTICS.
Mr. ROOT desired unanimous consent to offer
a resolution, and he asked the indulgence of the
House to allow him to make a single remark..
["Agreed!" " agreed!"] A resolution was of-
fered by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Sackett,] which had been adopted, directing that
each member of the present House shall be fur-
nished with a copy of the Compendium of the
Seventh Census. That resolution did not include
Delegates, and was, moreover, in the form of a
joint resolution. I now wish to offer the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That one copy of the statistics, compendium,
or abridgment of the seventh census of tbe United States,
when published, shall be printed for the use of each mem-
ber and Delegate of the present House of Representatives,
to be paid for out of the contingent fund of the House.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to.
Mr. ROOT moved to reconsider the resolution'
just adopted, and to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
Twenty minutes to two o'clock, a. m.
Mr. MORSE rose and said, that the Senate had'
just refused, by a majority of ten, to lay the rivA
and lfarbor bill upon the table; and a large majori-
ty had refused to act 
Mr. GENTRY called the gentleman to order.
Mi-. MORSE moved that the House do now'
