780
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
adjourn sine die; and demanded the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HARALSON moved that there be a call of
the House. '
The SPEAKER decided that a call of the House ,
was not in order on a motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were then taken on the mo- ;
tion to adjourn; and resulted—yeas 15, nays 143—
as follows:
VEAS—Messrs. Cartter, Cleveland, Full"r, Hammond,
Haralson, Sampson W. Harris, Andrew Johnson, McLana-
han, Morse, Orr, Jacob Thompson, Wallace, Wellborn,
Williams, and Woodward—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Anderson, An-
drews, Ashmun, Averett, Bayjy, Bennett, Bingham, Bissell,
Booth, Bowdon, Bowie, Boyd, Breck, Brings, Brisbin,
Brooks, William J. Brown, Buel, Burrows, Butler, George
A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell, Casey,
Chandler, Clarke, W. R. W. Cobb, Cole, Conger, Corvvin,
Danner, Dickey, Dimmick, Dixon, Duer, Duncan, Dun-
ham, Durkee, Kdmundson, Eliot, Nathan Evans, Feather-
uton, Fitch, Gentry, (Jerry, Gilbert, Gilmore, Golt, Gould,
Grinnell, Halloway, Hamilton, Hampton, Harlan, Ishaiii
G. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Hay, Ilayinond. Henry, Hib-
bard, Holladav, Houston, Howard. Howe, Hunter, Inge,
William T. Jackson, Robert W. Johnson, Jones, Julian,
Kerr, George G. King, James G. Kiwi, John A. King, La
Here. Littletield, Horace Mann, Job Mann, Marshall, Ma-
son, Matteson, McClernarid, McDonald. Virki- -ock. K. M.
McLane, Meacham, John K. Miller, Millson, Moore, Mor- !
ris, Morrison, Morton, NeWon, Ogle, Otis, Outlaw, Owen,
Parker, I'enn, I'ltinan, Potter, Powell, Putnam, Reynolds, j
Richardson, Robbins, Robinson, Rockwell, Root, Rose, j
Rumsey, Saekctt, Sawtelle. Schenck, Hchennrrhorn, !
Schoolcraft, Seddon, Shepperd, Spauldmg, Sprague, Stan-
ly, Frederick P. .Stanton, Thaddous Stevens, Stetson, !(
Strong, Taylor, Thomas, James Thompson. Thuriiian, ,
Underhill, Vinton, Walden, Waldo, Watkins, U'entworth, !
White, Whittlesey, Wildrick, Wilmot, and Young—l-l.'l.
So the House refused to adjourn. |
Two o'clock, a. m.
CONSTITUTIONAL EXISTENCE OF CONGRESS.
Mr. GENTRY said that he desired to submit a
motion; and before doing so, he wished to preface
his motion by a few remarks. He asked the
unanimous consent of the House to do so. [Loud
cries of "Agreed !" and "Go ahead!"] The re-
marks which he intended to make were connected
in a very high degree with the character of the
House and with the interests of the country. ;
From the very commencement of the Government,
each Congress had commenced at twelve o 'clock on i
the 4th of March, and the Government provided
for no interregnum. There had been no interreg-
num in this Government from the time of its crea- j!
tion to the present time, and there never could be i
one except in revolutionary times.
Mr. HOLMES. There is one now !
Mr. GENTRY. If so, then we are in the midst
of revolution. He considered that Congress had j
a perfect right to legislate until twelve o'clock on |,
the 4th of March. They were surrounded by a h
state of things which made it highly probable that
some of the appropriation bills, indispensably ne-
cessary to the welfare of the country, would fail
in the Senate, and it concerned the character of the
House to pursue such a course as should fix the
responsibility where it ought to rest and prevent
it from resting on the House. It was their duty
to remain in session until twelve o'clock to-mor-
row, and then if any of these hills should fail they
■ to say "it was not we who did it."
would be able to say
He would, therefore, move that there be a call of
the House, and that the Sergeant-at-Arms be in-
structed to arrest the absentees.
Mr. BAYLY said that he did not know how
this debate arose, for he had been asleep. [Great
laughter.1
The SPEAKER pro tern. (Mr. Thompson, of
Mississippi) said that the gentleman from Virginia
was out of order.
Mr. BAYLY wished to sav a few words in re-
sponse to the closing remarks of the gentleman
from Tennessee which he had heard.
The SPEAKER said that the gentleman from
Tennessee had submitted a motion that there be a
call of the House.
Mr. BAYLY wished to say a few words on that
motion.
Loud cries of "Object!" "Agreed!" and "Go
ahead!"
The SPEAKER stated that the gentleman could
proceed bv unanimous consent.
• Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, objected. ^
The question was taken on Mr. Gentry's mo-
tion, and it was agreed to.
So a call of the House was ordered; which was
proceeded with for some time; and absentees were
sent for and recuses made
At half past three o'clock, a. m.,
Mr. PUTNAM moved that all further proceed-
ings in the call be dispensed with.
Mr. SWEETSER called for tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Sawtelle and Duer were
appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 63, noes 38.
So all further proceedings in the call were dis-
pensed with.
Mr. HALL moved a suspension of the rules, to
enable him to move that the House take a recess
for five hours; on which he demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and the ques-
tion being taken, resulted—yeas 47, nays 91—as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Rowdon, Boyd, Briggi, Bris-
bin, Buel, George A. Caldwell, Calvin, Cartter, Dimmick,
Doty, Duncan, Featherston, Fuller, Gilmore, Hall, Harlan,
Isham G. Harris, Sampson W. Hams, Hovvaid, Inge,
Jones, Julian, La Sere, Marshall, Mason, Matteson, Mc-
Gaughey, McKissock, McLanahan, McQueen, Morris,
Mornson, Morse, Orr, Otis, Pitman, Reed, Ross, Frederick,
P. Stanton, Thaddem Stevens, Sweetser, Jacob Thompson,
Toombs, L'liderhill, Walden, and Wildrick—47.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Anderson, Andrews, Ash-
mun, Beale, Bingham, Bissell, Bokee, Booth, Bowie, Bow-
On, Brooks, Burrows, Casey, Chandler, Clarke, Cleveland,
Cliiignian, Cole, Conger, Dickey, Dixon, Duer, Edinund-
son,l21iot, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans, Fitch, Gentry,
Gilbert, Golt, Grinnell, Hnlloway, Hampton, Haralson,
Haymond, Henry, Holladav, Holmes, Howe. Hunter, Wil-
liam T. Jackson, James L. Johnson, Robert W. Johnson,
Kerr, George G. King, John A. King, Horace Mann, Job
Mann, McC'lernaiid, McDonald, Meacham, Daniel F. Mil-
ler, Millson, Moore, Morehead, Morton, Outlaw, Owen,
Parker, Peaslce, Peck, Perm, Potter, Putnam, Robbins,
Rockwell, Root, Sawtelle, SBhenck,8chermerhorn, School-
craft, Seddon, Shepperd, Spaulding, Sprague, Stanly,
Stetson, Taylor, Thomas, John B. Thompson, Thuriuan,
Vinton, Waldo, Watkins, Wellborn, White, Whittlesey,
Wihnot, Wright, and Young—91.
So the House refused to take a recess.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, moved that the
rules be suspended, in order to enable him to move
that the Committee of the Whole House be 'dis-
charged from the further consideration of the bill
of the Senate entitled "An act for the relief of
Cincinnatus Trousdale and John G. Connolly, of
Arkansas."
Mr. IiVGE said, he thought it was a very meri-
torious case, and he hoped the rules \*>uld be
suspended.
The question was taken upon suspending the
rules, and they were not suspended—ayes 41,
noes not counted.
Mr. JOHNSON demanded tellers, but they
were not ordered.
Mr. WELLBORN moved to suspend the rules,
to enable him to move that the Committee of the
Whole House be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the bill of the Senate No. 207, enti-
tled "An act for the relief of Elizabeth Black-
burn."
Mr. W. submitted some remarks in favor of
the bill, which were inaudible to the Reporter.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, believed the
whole bill was ridiculous.
The question was then taken on suspending the
rules, and decided in the negative—ayes 45, noes
not counted.
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved to suspend the
rules, to enable him to move to take up the French
spoliation bill; on which motion he demanded tell-
ers, but they were not ordered.
The question was then taken, and the House
refused to suspend the rules.
Mr. PECK asked the unantmous consent of the
House to take up for consideration Senate bill No.
37it, entitled "An act changing the places of, and
fixing the times for, holding the circuit and district
courts in the district of Vermont.
Mr. CARTTER objected.
Mr. l'ECIv moved to suspend the rules.
The motion was rejected—ayes 52, noes not
counted.
Mr. McLANAHAN moved that the rules be
suspended, to enable him to move that the House
take a recess until eight o'clock.
The motion was not agreed to—two thirds not
voting theref.ir.
Mr. RR1GGS asked the unanimous consent of
the House to offer the following resolution:
JZesoli That the Cleik bo directed to pay the same per
diem to the messengers of the Hou e lor their somces from
the commencement ot tile present Congress, as i  paid to
the me*sen£f'rs of' th« Senate
| Mr. B. said there was no reason why two messen-
gers should receive an increased salary while the
salaries of the others were not raised.
Mr. HALL objected.
Mr. BRIGGS moved to suspend the rules.
The motion was not agreed to—two thirds not
voting therefor.
CAPTAIN LEWIS WARRINGTON.
Mr. SCHENCK asked the unanimous consent
of the House to permit hini to move that the Com-
initttee of the Whole House be discharged from
the further consideration of Senate bill No. 121,
for the relief of Captain Lewis Warrington and
others.
Mr. S. said he wished to say one word to the
House in support of this resolution. Captain
Warrington and the other officers of the vessel
which he commanded were entitled to all the prize
money in case a vessel was captured. A vessel,
the Epervier, was captured; but, by mistake, ono
half of the prize money was paid into the public
Treasury. The bill provides that the money
which was by mistake paid into the Treasury, be
•paid back to the officers who were entitled to it.
The justice of the claim was admitted by all the
Departments. There was no mistake about it.
They only asked to have paid back to them what
was taken from them by mistake.
Mr. CARTTER objected.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to suspend the rules, to
enable him to make the motion.
The motion, on a division, was disagreed to—•
ayes 37, noes not counted.
Mr. SCHENCK demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. HALL said it was too late.
The SPEAKER decided that the demand was
made in time.
Mr. HALL appealed from that decision.
The question was taken, and the decision of the
Chair was sustained by the House.
The yeas and nays were then ordered: and the
question being taken, resulted—yeas 69, nays 48—
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Andrews, Ashmun, Bajly, Bokee^
Booth, Bowdon, Bowie, Breck, Biooks, Buel, Burrow*
Butler. Campbell, Casey, Chandler. Clarke,Conger, Dicke\ 
Dimmick, Dixon, Doiv, Edmundson, Eliot, Alexander
Evans, Nathan Lvans,T ott, Gripnell, Halloway, Harlan,
Ilayinond, Henry, Holmes Howe, William T. Jackson,
James L. Johnson, Kerr, George G. King, John A. King,
La Sdre, Marshall, Matteson, Meacham, Moore, Ogle,
Owen, Pitman, Reynolds, Robbins, Rockwell, Root, Rose,
Schenck, Schermerhom, Schoolcraft, Seddon, Shepperd,
Spaulding, Sprague, Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, Taylor,
Thurnian, Cnderlull, Vinton, Walden, Waldo, Wellborn,
  White, and Wright—69.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Averett, Binghaui^ Rowlin,
Briggs, Joseph P. Caldwell, Cartter, Clingman, \\ ilhamson
R. W. Cobb. Dunham. Fitch, Goodenow. Hall, Hamilton,
Haralson, Hollaila>, Hunter, Andrew Johnson, Robert W.
Johnson. Jones, Julian. Horace Mann, Job Mann, McCler-
nand, McDonald, McGaugllev, McLanahan, Robert M.
M cLanCj MeClwen, Million, Morns, Morrison, 0 r, On*,
PeaMee. Peck, Potter, Powell, Ross, Savage, Thaddeue*
Steven?, ^tet^on. Sweetser, Thomas, Jacob Thompson,
Watkms, Whittlesey, and Wildrick—48.
So the rules were not suspended.
FREE NAVIGATION OF THE ST. LAWRENCE.
Mr. BUEL asked the unanimous consent of the
House to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved. That the free navigation of the St. Lawrence
river, for comineicMl purposes, demands the earnest atten-
tion of the American Government; and that it is highly de-
sirable that it be secured to American commerce at an early
day.
Mr. B. explained the resolution in a few remarks
which were inaudible to the Reporter.
Mr. JONES objected.
Mr. BUEL moved to suspend the rules for the
purpose.
The motion was not agreed to.
THE ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. SEDDON asked the unanimous consent of
the House to allow him to introduce the following
resolution:
Iteschei1. That the Clerk bedircctedto inform the Senate
that tins House ha\ tug dispatched all the bu>mess before it.
and having waited for some hours in expectation °i receiving
from them the appropriation or other b.fis sent thifu without
any communication from them, i- now prepared to adjourn
sine die. and that unless come ac'.on of tiv >enate in rela-
tion to these bi(i^, requiring the turther session ot tins
House, lie communicated within an hour a ter the delivery
of tills message, the Hoii-e «i;i conclude the Senate have
elected not to'aet 011 those bills, and will thereupon adjourn.
Mr. DUER said he had been informed that the
Senate had pist taken up the civil and diplomatic
I>i 11. He had no doiiht it would be here for our
