788
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
Mr. BINGHAM thought they had better send I
to the Senate after the civil and diplomatic bill. !
Mr. WENTWORTH moved that the rules be
suspended, to enable him to present the bill that he
held in his hands.
Mr. JONES objected.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has before decided
that it was out of order.
Mr. WENTWORTH said it was only fixing
the title of town lots in his own town.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
announcing the passage by that body, with sundry
amendments, of the civil and diplomatic bill.]
Mr. BAYLY said, that himself and his colleague
on the Committee of Ways and Means [Mr. Vin-
ton] had been in the Senate, and heard the amend-    
ments to the bill. The Senate had made a great ( conference.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the House disagree to
the amendments of the Senate, and request a com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. WENTWORTH asked that the amend-
ments be read.
The SPEAKER suggested to the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Wentworth,] that it would
save time if the House disagreed to the Senate
amendments, and asked a committee of confer-
ence.
Mr. W. insisted that the amendments should
be read.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, asked if it would
be in order to move to concur in the amendments?
Mr. BAYLY said, he would now adhere to his
original purpose, and move to suspend the rules,
in order that the House might disagree to the
Senate amendments, and request a committee of
many amendments to the bill, and with a view of
saving time, he would move that the House reject
the whole of them and ask for a committee of con-
ference.
Cries of "Agreed!" "Agreed!" "Agreed!"
from all parts of the House.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, inquired how they
would know whether the committee of conference
would report them or not?
Mr. BAYLY. We are obliged to report them.
Mr. FITCH objected.
Mr. BAYLY moved to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. It could not be done until the
business of the House is first disposed of, unless
by unanimous consent. The House were already
acting under a suspension of the rules on the mo-
tion of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Duer.]
Mr. DUER asked if it would be in order to
withdraw his bill ?
The SPEAKER replied that it would not.
Mr. DUER moved that his bill be laid upon the
table; which was agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY renewed his motion to suspend the
rules.
Mr. FITCH on that motion demanded the
yeas and nays; but they were not ordered.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Did not the Speaker
declare that this House is without a quorum?
The SPEAKER has decided that no motion was
in order while the bill of the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Duer] was pending.
Mr. FITCH understood theChairto make that
decision on the ground that there was no quorum.
The question was taken upon Mr. Batlt'b mo-
J tion, and it was agreed to—ayes 119, noes not
counted.
Mr. BAYLY now moved that the House dis-
agree to the Senate amendments, and request a
committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. B. moved to reconsider the vote just taken,
and moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
' table; which latter motion was agreed to.
1 Ordered, That Mr. Jacob Thompson, Mr. Toombs, and
Mr. Green be the managers at the said conference on the
part of the House.
Ordered, That the Clerk acquaint the Senate with the
proceedings of the House on their said amendments.
Subsequently a message was received from the
i Senate, by Mr. Dickins, their Secretary, notify-
ing the House that the Senate insist upon their
1 amendments to the said bill of the House, (No.
462,) agree to the conference asked thereon, and
have appointed Mr. Davis, of Mississippi, Mr.
Bright, and Mr. Pratt to be conferees on the
part of the Senate.
Mr. PENN moved that the rules be suspended,
so as to enable him to move that the Committee
of the Whole House be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the bill of the Senate (No 261)
entitled " An aet for thr relief of the West Felici-
ana Railroad Company;" which motion was dis-
agreed to—two thirds not voting in favor thereof.
Mr. THOMAS, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee of Claims, to which was referred
the petitions of the legal representatives of Joseph
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not so decide i Janney, General Robert Young, William Morsell,
1 *  j-__ 11 an(j Samuel Tilliard, and George W. Biscoe, and
Christopher Neale, assignee, &c., &c., made a re-
' port thereon, accompanied by a bill (No. 479) for
i their relief; which bill was read a first and second
time, committed to a Committee of the Whole
, House, made the order of the day for to-morrow,
: and the bill and report ordered to be printed,
h Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
j Committee on the Judiciary, to which was referred
the bill of the House (No. 449) "authorizing the
ouse I allowance of interest to the State of New Hamp-
. it, but on the ground that the motion was pending
because on a full vote there was a quorum of the
House.
Tellers were demanded on the suspension of the
rules, but were not ordered.
The question was then taken on suspending the
rules, and resulted—ayes 96, noes 15; no quorum
voting.
Mr. BAYLY demanded tellers. He was told
that there was a quorum in the House.
The SPEAKER will again divide the H
to adopt the practice of the State courts in civil
cases," made an adverse report thereon.
Ordered, That said bill be laid on the table, and the re-
port be printed.
On motion by Mr. THOMPSON, by unani-
mous consent,
Ordered, That the Committee on the Judiciary be dis-
charged from Hie lurther consideration of various memo-
rials of assistant marshals, praying for additional compensa-
tion for taking the seventli census.
Mr. THOMPSON, by unanimous consent from
the same committdfe, to which were referred the
petition of William Alexander, preferring charges
against J. C. Watrous, United States judge for
the district of Texas; the petition of Christian
Roselius, one of the sureties of William McQueen,
lata postmaster at New Orleans; and the resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Pennsylvania, relative
to the distribution of the reports of the United
States Supreme Court, made reports thereon;
which were severally laid on the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. EVANS, of Ohio, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions,
to which were referred the petitions of Nahcy
Thompson, Philena Phelps, Joshua Pearson et al.,
citizens of Delaware county, Pennsylvania; Ra-
chel McMurphy, widow of Benjamin Cole; and
of Samuel duinton, made adverse reports thereon;
which were severally laid on the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. WELLBORN, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on the Judiciary, to which was re-
ferred the petition of Peter G. Washington, made
a report thereon, accompanied by a bill (No. 481)
for his relief; which bill was read a first and sec-
ond time, committed to a Committee of the Whole
House, made the order of the day for to-morrow,
and the bill and report ordered to be printed.
Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Naval Affairs, to which was re-
ferred the memorial of citizens of New Orleans,
proposing to sell a certain property for the use of
the Government as the site for a naval depot, made
a report thereon; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. CROWELL,by unanimous
consent—
Ordered, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the petition of
Simeon Buckner, and that the same be laid on the table.
On motion by Mr. DUER, the rules having been
suspended for the purpose, it was
Ordered, That the House do now take a recess until nine
o'clock, a. m.
and request genlemen to vote, so that there may
be a quorum.
The question was then taken on suspending the
rules, and resulted—ayes 117, noes not counted.
So the rules were suspended.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the House non-concur
shire for advances made for the use of the United
States, in repelling invasion and suppressing insur-
rection at Indian Stream, in said State," reported
the same without amendment, accompanied by a
report in writing.
Ordered, That the said bill be committed to the Commit-
in the amendments of the Senate, and that they : tee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, and that
ask a committee of conference on the disagreeing 1 " " , ""A    
votes of the two Houses; and on that he demandei
theprevious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The question being now upon the motion to
disagree with the amendments of the Senate, and
to request a committee of conference, it was put,
and carried in the affirmative.
Mr. BAYLY moved to reconsider the vote just
taken, and to lay the motion to reconsider on the J
table; which latter motion was agreed to. !
Ordered, That Mr. Bayly, Mr. Vinton, and Mr. Jones j
be the conferees on the part of the House at the said confer- |
ence. 1
THE ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL. j
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Dickins, their Secretary, as follows:
Mr. Speaker : The Senate have passed a bill of the
House (No. 462) entitled "An aet making appropriations
the bill and report be printed.
Mr. THOMPSON, from the same committee,
to which was referred the petition of F. Manzy
and R. G. Ward, reported a joint resolution (No.
41) for their relief, accompanied by a report in
writing; which resolution was read a first and sec-
ond time, committed to a Committee of the Whole
House, made the-order of the day for to-morrow,
and the bill and report ordered to be printed. [
J Mr. THOMPSON, from the same committee, |
to which was referred the petition of members of !
j the bar of Erie county, ana citizens of northwest- ;
I ern Pennsylvania, reported a bill (No. 480) " pro-
viding for an additional term of the United States
circuit and district courts at Erie, in the western
district of Pennsylvania;" which was read a first
and second time, committed to the Committee of j
the Whole House on the state of the Union, and J
ordered to be printed. i
Mr. THOMPSON, from the same committee,
J^nefissa^'^th^ui^ry^amendment^thereto^ iiT'wh'ich0/ to which was referred the bill of the House (No!
am directed to auk the concurrence of tlie Hou*e. 40) " authorizing the courts of the United States
40)
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Toesdat Morning, March 4, 1841.
The House was again called to order at nine
o'clock, a. m.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, from the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
on the amendments made in the Senate to the
Army appropriation bill, made the following re-
port:
The committee of conference on the part of the House of
Representatives have met the committee of conference on
the part of the Senate, on the disagreeing votes between the
two Houses on the amendments of the Senate to bill of the
House of Representatives entitled "An act making appro-
priations for the support of the Army for tlieyear ending the
30th of June, 1852," and after full and free conference
thereon, have agreed that the House recede from its disa-
greement to its first amendment; that the House insist on
its disagreement to the second amendment; that the House
recede from the disagreement to the third amendment; that
the House insist on its disagreement to the fourth amend-
ment; that the House recede from the disagreement to the
fifth and sixth amendments; that the House insist on its
disagreement to the seventh amendment, and recede from
its disagreement to the eighth amendment; and recommend
to their respective Houses the adoption of this report.
J. THOMPSON,
R. TOOMBS,
JAMES S. GREEN,
Committee of House.
JEFF. DAVIS,
JESSE D. BRIGHT,
THOMAS G. PRATT,
Committee of Senate.
The following are the amendments of the Senate:
No. 1. To insert after the item appropriating $2,096,670
for the pay of the Army, the following : " Provided, That
all promotions in the staff department or corps shall be made
as-in other corps of the Army."
i No. 2. Increases the appropriation for commutation for
forage for officers* horses from $103,776, to $103,960.
No. 3. Increasesthe appropriation for clothing for the
