1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
789
Armv, camp and garrison equipage, Ate., from $102,871, to j
$242,538 65. !
No. 4. Increases the appropriation for the medical and 1
hospital departments from $60,375, to $97,395. 1
No. 5. In paje 8, line 5, insert the word " which."
No. 6. For a survey of the harbor of Mobile in reference
to its improvement, £5,000.
No. 7. At the end of the bill insert: " For arrearages prior
to 1st July, 1815, under the act of 1st May, 1820, in addition
to an unexpended balance remaining in the Treasury of
$3,939 03, payable through the Third Auditor's office,
$2,500.
No. ft. See. —. *And be it further enacted. That of the
$72,000 heretofore appropriated for the payment of ei&ht
companies of Texas troops, tlie amount which has been :
paid by the State of Texas, shall be paid to said State or its
property-constituted agent; and that the amount due to the
officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates, be paid to
each by ihe Pay Department in the usual manner, estimating
their pay in accordauce with the provisions of the law for
paying volunteers during the Mexican war, as roon as the
amount due each shall be ascertained by the accounting
officers of the Treasury.
The House concurred in the report of the com- I
mittee of conference.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Dickiih, their Secretary, viz:
Mr. SrsAKBR: The Senate have concurred In the report
of the committee of conference, on the disagreeing rotes of
the two Houses, <hi the bill of the House, No. 468, entitled
" An act making appropriation for the support of the Army
for the year ending 30th June, 185*2."
The Senate have suspended the 16thand'17th joint rales,
so far as regards the bills of the House numbered 376,
463,297, and resolutions of the House 38 and 39.
On motion by Mr. THOMPSON, of Missis-
sippi, by unanimous consent—
Ordered, That the 17th joint rule of the two Houses be
suspended, so far as relates to die bill of the House No.
462, and that die Clerk request die concurrence of the Sen-
ate iu suspending the sane.
Mr. THOMPSON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the House concurred in the report
of the committee, and to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table; which latter motion was agreed I
to. j
Mr. VAN DYKE asked die unanimous con- |
sent of the House to introduce the following reso-
lution:
Whereas, the Senate, by its resolution of September 98,
1650, (Mid to tbcsr chaplain the sum of $63 33 tor die extra
compensation more than was paid to the chaplain of this
House for like services: Therefore,
Revived, That the Clerk of this House pay oat of. the
contingent fund thereof, to the Rev. K. R. Gurtey, the sum
of $83 33, as additional compensation for his services during
the last session of Congress.
. Mr. HALL objected.
Mr. VAN DYKE moved to suspend the rules.
On division, there appeared—ayes 70, noes 44.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative) the
rules were not suspended.
Mr. JACKSON, of Georgia, moved to suspend
the rules, to enable him to move that the commit-
tee of the Whole House on the state of the Union
be discharged from the further consideration of the
bill from the Senate entitled " An aet to provide
for the removed of obstructions in the river Savan-
nah, in the State of Georgia."
The motion to suspend the rules was not agreed
to—two thirds not voting therefor.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, asked th^unan-
imous consent of the House to enable him to move
to take up from the Speaker's table the bill of the
Senate, No. 423, entitled "An act in addition to
and amendatory of an act entitled ' An aet to pro-
vide for the settlement of the accounts of the offi-
cers of the Army and Navy, contemplated by the
second section of an act for the settlement of the
accounts of public officers and others, who may
have received moneys arising from military con-
tributions, or otherwise,' " approved March 3,
1849, and explanatory of the same.
Mr. JONES objected.
Mr. STEPHENS moved to suspend the rules.
The question was taken, and the motion was
not agreed to—two thirds not voting therefor.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved that the rules be
suspended, t  enable him to move to discharge the
Committee on the Judiciary from the further con-
sideration of " A bill to provide for an additional
term of the United States circuit and district
courts at Chicago, in the State of Illinois."
The motion was not agreed to.
CORPORATION OF GEORGETOWN.
■ Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, moved to sus-
pend the rules, to enable him to move to discharge
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union from the further consideration of Senate
bill 162, being "An act to enable the Corporation
*>f Georgetown, District of Columbia, to construct
certain works therein mentioned, and for other
purposes."
The motion was not agreed to.
COINAGE.
Mr. PHCENIX asked the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following joint resolution
in relation to coinage:
Be it resolved by the Senate and Howe of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, Thai Ihe gold coin and bullion deposited by the Gov-
ernment in the Mint for coinage shall be coincd in pieces
of the denomination of half eagles, quarter eagles, and oue
tenth eagles, in equal amounts respectively.
Sec. 9. -And be it further resolved, That gold bullion de-
posited in the Mintfor coinage by individuals shall be coined
into pieces of double eagles, eagles, half eagles, quarter
eagles, and one tenth eagles, in equal amounts respectively,
except otherwise directed by the owner of the bullion so
deposited; and that the bullion deposited in the Mint afore-
said shall be coined and returned to the owner thereof in the
order it was deposited in the Mint.
Sec. 3. Jirui be it further resolved, That of the silver
coin and bullion deposited in the Mint for coinage, at least
one half thereof shall be coined in pieces of the denomina-
tion of quarter dollars, dimes, half dines, and in pieces of
the value of three cents, except otherwise directed by the
persons owning the same.
Mr. STRONG objected.
Mr. PHCENIX moved to suspend the rules.
The motion was not agreed to.
REGISTERS AND RECEIVERS.
Mr. FITCH asked the unanimous consent of the
House to submit a motion to discharge the Com-
mittee on Public Lands from the further consider-
ation of the bill of the Senate (62) entitled "An
actgranting compensation to registers and receivers
of the United States land offices for locating Mex-
ican bounty land warrants."
Mr. AVERETT objected.
Mr. FITCH moved to suspend the rules.
The question being taken, the motion was not
agreed to.
BOUNTY TO MEDICAL OFFICERS.
Mr. NELSON asked the unanimous consent of
the House to enable him to move to take up for
consideration the joint resolution from the Senate,
No. 45, to provide for placing certain medical
officers of the Navy who rendered service en land
in Mexico, upon the same footing with medical
officers of the Army fbr similar services.
Mr. DUNHAM objected.
Mr. NELSON moved a suspension of the rules.
The motion to suspend was not agreed to.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN CHICAGO.
Mr. RICHARDSON asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to submit a motion to discharge
the Judiciary Committee from the further consid-
eration of the Senate bill No. 14, entitled "An act
to provide for an additional term of the United
States circuit and district courts at Chicago, in the
district of Illinois."
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, objected.
Mr. RICHARDSON moved to Suspend the
rules.  
Mr. WEN rwORTH called for tellers; which
were ordered; and Messrs. Brigqs and Robbins
were appointed.
And die question being taken, the tellers re-
ported—ayes 99, noes 21.
So the rules were suspended.
Mr. RICHARDSON moved to strike out the
second section of the bill, which provided for ad-
ditional compensation to the judges of the said
courts, and moved the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and under
the operation thereof the amendment was adopted,
and the bill was read a third time and passed.
On motion by Mr. RICHARDSON, the 17th
joint rule was suspended in relation to said bill.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN VERMONT.
Mr. PECK asked the unanimous consent of the
House to take up and consider Senate joint reso-
lution No. 379, entitled " An act changing the
places of, and fixing the times for, holding the cir-
cuit and district courts in the district of Vermont."
Mr. JONES objected.
Mr. PECK moved to suspend the rules.
The motion to suspend was not agreed to.
BREVET LIEUTENANT GENERAL.
Mr. TOOMBS asked the unanimous consent of
the House to enable him to move to take up the
joint resolution from the Senate (No. 49) authoriz-
ing the President to confer the title of Lieutenant
General by brevet for eminent services.
Mr. JONES objected.
Mr. TOOMBS moved to sttspend the rules.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia., cafled for tellers;
which were ordered, and Messrs. King, of Rhode
Island, and Mason appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers rupott-
ed—ayes 88, noes 53.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative) the
rules were not suspended.
ELIZABETH BLACKBURN.
Mr. MOREHEAD asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to enable him to move that the
Committee of the Whole be discharged from the
further consideration of the bill of the Senate enti-
tled " An act fbr the relief of Elizabeth Blackburn."
He desired to say that the bill was for the benefit
of the widow of a distinguished officer who died at
the city of Vera Cruz, in Mexico. The Senate
hail unanimously passed the bill, and the Judicia-
ry Committee of the House had investigated it
fully and unanimously reported in its favor. The
amount was only about $1,000.
Mr. JONES said that he must object to any
legislation except on the appropriation "bills.
Mr. MOREHEAD moved to suspend the
rules.
The motion to suspend was not agreed to.  
MARGARET HETZEL.
Mr. JOHN A. KING asked the unanimous
consent of the House to enable him to move to
discharge the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union from the further consideration
of bill of the Senate (No. 130) entitled "An act
for the relief of Margaret Hetzel, widow and ad-
ministratrix of A. R. Hetzel, late assistant quar-
termaster in the Army of the United States."
Mr. JONES objected.
Mr. KING moved to suspend the rules, and
asked for tellers; which were ordered.
Ami the question being taken, (Messrs. Camp-
bell and Harlan acting,) it was decided in the
negative—ayes 54, noes not counted.
So the rules were not suspended.
CAPTAIN LEWIS WARRINGTON.
Mr. MEADE asked the unanimous consent of
the House to enable him to move that the Com-
mittee of the Whole House be discharged from the
farther consideration of the bill of the Senate riti-
tled '' An act for the relief of Captain Lewi* War-
rington."
Mr. HALL objected.
Mr. MEADE moved to suspend the rules.
The motion to suspend was not agreed to.
TONNAGE BILL AGAIN.
Mr. DUER moved to reconsider the vote by
which the House laid on the table House bill
No. 478, to give the assent of Congress to the
passage of an act by the State of New York im-
posing certain tonnage duties.
The motion to reconsider Was agreed to.
The question recurred on laying said bill on the
table; which motion being put, was decided in the
negative.
The question recurred on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. DUER demanded the previous question;
which was seconded, and, under the operation
thereof, the bill was read a third time, ana subse-
quently passed.
A message was received from the Senate by the
hands of Bar. Dickins, their Secretary, informing
the House that the Senate have concurred in the
amendments of the House to the bill entitled " An
act providing for an additional term of the United
States Circuit and District Courts at Chicago;"
and that they had also concurred in the resolution
of the House suspending the 17th joint rule of the
two Houses so far as relates to the said bill.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. BAYLY, from the committee of conference
on the part of the House, reported that they had
met the committee of conference on the part of the
Senate on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the amendment of the Senate to the civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill; and after a full sund
free conference they had agreed to the following
report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes o*
the two Houses on the bill (H. R. 461) making appropria"
tions for the civil and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
ment fbr the year ending the 30th of June, 1859, and for
other purposes, having met, and after fun and free confer-
ence, have agreed to recommend, and do recommend to the
respective House*, as follows!
