792
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
the transportation of the mail from Now York to Chagrcs,
for the change of the terminus of their route. And, until
*uch better route be established, the Postmaster General
shall bp, ami hereby is, authorized to enter into contracts,
or to make suitable arransroment^ for transporting the mails
between Cha^res and Panama with regularity and dispatch:
Provided, The rate of compensation shall not exceed twen-
ty-two cents per pouud, and shall cease on the establish-
ment of any new route between the two oceans offering
greater dispatch and economy "
No. 7. Increase the appropriation for the navy-yard at
Brooklyn, New York, from $100,000 to $150,000."
No. 8. Strike out the following:
" For the completion of the naval dep">t at New Orleans,
$80,716: Provided, That no part of this money shall be
drawn from the Treasury until the Secretary of the Navy
shall be satisfied that the appropriation hereby made will
complete the work.v
Add at the end of the bill the following additional sec-
tions :
£*ec. 9. •And he it further enacted, That in time of peace,
or while war is not threatened, the steamers employed in
carrying the United States mail between New York and
Liverpool shall be placed under the exclusive control of,
and officered by the contractors, E. K.Collins and his asso-
ciates : Provided, The same shall be done with the consent
of the contractors.
Pje.c. 3. Jind be it further enacted, That if any assistant
engineer shall have been absent from the United States, on
duty, at the time others of his date were examined, he shall,
if not rejected at a subsequent examination, be entitled to
the same rank with them; and if from any cause his rela-
tive rank cannot be assigned to him, he shall retain his ori-
ginal position on the register.
Sec. 4. Jind be it further enacted, That the rule estab-
lished in the preceding section shall be applied to the cases
of Joshua Foilansbee and B. F. Isherwood, who were pre-
vented, by reason of their absence on duty, from being pres-
ent at the examination ordered for officers of their date.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be if further enacted, That for continuing
the preparation and publication of the works of the Explor-
ing Expedition, including the pay of the scientific corps,
care of property, payment for printing and paper, and other
contracts under the law of 184:2, authorizing the preparation
and publication of said works, $25,000.
Sec. 6. Jind be it farther enacted, That the Secretary of
the Navy be directed to cause the wreck of the steamer
Missouri to be removed from the harbor of Gibraltar, in such
mode as he shall deem expedient, by contract or otherwise,
and that $80,000 be, and hereby is appropriated, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, as may
be necessary to defray the expense of removing said wreck.
On motioiwby Mr. BAYLY, by unanimous
consent, the House proceeded at once to the con-
sideration of said bill and amendments; when the
amendments were severally concurred in.
Mr. B. moved to reconsider the vote by which
the amendments were concurred in, and to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
11
POST ROUTE BILL.
On motion by Mr. POTTER, by unanimous
consent, the House proceeded to consider the post
route bill, with the amendments of the Senate
thereto; when the amendments were concurred in.
The 17th joint rule was suspended, so far as the
■ame related to this bill.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Dickins,
their Secretary:
Mr. Speaker : The Senate have passed a resolution sus-
pending the 17th joint rule of the two Houses, so far as
relates to bills of the House numbered 461, 462, and 474.
In which I am directed to ask the concurrence of this
House.
And then he withdrew.
DEAD LETTERS IN CALIFORNIA AND OREGON.
The SPEAKER stated that the pending ques-
tion was on the motion of the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] to lay on the table the
joint resolution introduced by the gentleman from
"New York, {Mr. Bokee.] On that motion the
yeas and nays were being taken, and the call of
the roll would now be resumed.
Mr. OTIS said that he rose to a privileged
question in relation to the naval appropriation
bill. He understood that the committee had
agreed to an amendment 
The SPEAKER called the gentleman to order.
Mr. OTIS wished to inquire how it happened
that it was not  ["Order!" "order! ]
The SPEAKER said that the gentleman from
Maine was out of order.
COMMITTEE TO WAIT ON THE PRESIDENT.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. I desire to
make a motion which, I believe, will receive the
unanimous assent of the House. It is the usual
motion, that a committee be now appointed to
wait upon the President, and inform him that, if
he has np further communication to make to the
House, we are ready to adjourn sine die.
No objection being made, the motion was
agreed to; and
H The SPEAKER appointed Messrs. Thompson1,
'! of Mississippi, Schenck, and McDowell, as
said committee.
DEAD LETTERS IN CALIFORNIA AND ORE-
GON AGAIN.
The CifRK then resumed the call of the roll on
the motion to lay on the table the resolution
brought up by Mr. Bokee.
The call of the roll being completed, the result
was—yeas 48, nays 86—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, A!Fori. Averett, Bayly, ISis-
self, Bocock, Bowlin, Boyd, Cartter, Cleveland, lianner,
nimmirk. Doty, Dunham, Edmundson, Ewmg, Feather-
ston, Fitch, Green, Hamilton, Harlan, Holladav, Holmes,
Hubbard, Inge, Andrew Johnson, Jones, Julian. I.ittlefield,
Marshall, McDowell, McGaughey, MeLanahan, Moore,
Morris, Morrison, Parker, Peaslee, Robbins, Savage, Saw-
telle, Seddon, Strong, Sweet'er, Thomas, Jacob Thomp-
son, James Thompson, and Wildrick—48.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Andrews. Beale, Bokee, Booth,
Bon-don, Bowie, Breck, Brigss, Brooks, Burrows, Butler,
George A. Caldwell,Campbell, Casey, Chandler, Clingman,
Cole, Conger, Deberry, Dickey, Disney, Dixon, Duncan,
Durkee, Eliot, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans, Gentry,
Gott, Grinnell, Halloway, Hampton, Haralson, I sham G.
Harris, Haymond, Henry, Hibbard, Milliard. Howard, Hun-
ter, Joseph W. Jackson, William T. Jackson, James L.
Johnson, George G. King, James G. King, John A. King,
Preston King, Horace Mann, Mason, Matteson, Meacham,
Meade, Morehead, Ogle, Olds, Otis, Owen, Phcenix, Pit-
man, Potter, Reynolds, Risley, Rose, Ross, Rnmsey, Sack-
ett, Schenck, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft,' Shepperd, Sil-
vester, Spaulding, Sprague, Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton,
Taylor, John B. Thompson, Thurman, Toombs, Underbill,
Waldo, Watkins, Wellborn. Whittlesey, Wilmot, and
Wright—86.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
The question then recurred on seconding the
demand for the previous question.
The previous question having been seconded,
Mr. JONES demanded the yeas and nays on
ordering the main question to be put; and they
were ordered. Pending this
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Dickins,
their Secretary:
Mr. Speaker: The Senate have passed the resolution
of the House (No. 29) entitled " Joint resolution explana-
tory of the act approved September28, 1850, entitled 'An
act granting bounty land to certain officers and soldiers who
have been engaged in the military service of the United
States,'" with amendments.
In which I am directed to ask the concurrence of this
House.
And then he withdrew.
CENSUS.
Mr. BISSELL called the attention of the House
to the fact, that no resolution had been passed
authorizing the printing of the abstract of the
seventh census.
Mr. JONES said that it was too late to attend
to that now.
Mr. BISSELL thought the House had passed
a resolution directing copies to be distributed, but
none directing the printing of them. He hoped
that by unanimous consent he should be allowed
to introduce a joint resolution for that purpose.
Mr. JONES objected.
DEAD LETTERS IN CALIFORNIA AND OREGON.
The yeas and nays were then taken on order-
! j ing the main question to be put, and resulted—
! yeas 102, nays 65—as follows:
I YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Anderson, Andrews, Ash-
j mun, Bayly, Beale, Bell, Bennett. Bokee, Booth, Bow-
II don, Bowie, Bowlin, Breck, Briggs, Brooks, Burrows,
; Butier, George A. Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell, Casey,
Chandler, Clingman, Cole, Conger, Deberry, Dixon, Doty,
, ■ Duer, Eliot, Nathan Evans, Ewing, Fowler, Freedley, Gen-
■ try, Gilbert, Gott, Gould, Grinnell, Hampton, Haralson,
| Haymond.Hebard,Henry,Hilliard, Holmes, Houston,Ho we,
1 Hunter, Joseph W. Jackson, James L. Johnson, Kerr,
1 George G. King, James G. King, John A. King, Horace
j! Mann, Job Mann, Marshall, Matteson, McDowell, Mc-
Gaughey, McKissock,Meade, Moore, Morehead, Morrison,
Morton, Nelson, Ogle, Outlaw, Phoenix, ritman, Potter,
Putnam, Reed, Richardson, Risley, Rockwell, Rose, Ross,
ji Rumsey.-Sackett. Savage, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Sil-
i: vester, Spaulding, Sprague, Stanlv, Frederick P. Stanton,
! Richard H. Stanton, Thaddeus Stevens, Taylor, John B.
j: Thompson, Toombs, Van Dyke, Vinton, Watkins, Well-
1! born, Whittlesey, Williams, and Wright—102.
, I NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Allen, Averett, Bay, Bocock,
Boyd, Albert G. Brown, Joseph P. Caldwell, Cartter,
Cleveland, Crowell, Danner, Dickey, Dimmick, Disney,
! Duncan, Dunham,Edmundson, Featherston, Fitch, Fuller,
I Gerry, Gilmore, Green, Hall, Hamilton, Harlan, Isham G.
! Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Holladay, Hubbard, Inge,
William T. Jackson, Andrew Johnson. Jones, Julian. Le-
vin, Littledeld, Mason, McDonald, McLanahan, McMul-
len, Millson, Morris, Morse, Olds, Otis, Parker, Peaslee,
Peck, Powell, Robbins, Root, Sawtelle, Schenck, Seddon,
Strong, Sweetser, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Waldo,
Wildrick, Wilmot, Woodward, and Young—65.
So the main question was ordered, which main
question was first on ordering the joint resolution
! to a third reading.
Mr. THURMAN, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined bilh of the following titles, viz:
H. R. 461—An act making appropriations for
the civil and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1852, and for
other purposes.
H. R. 475—An act to establish certain post
roads in the United States and- the Territories
thereof.
H. R. 474—An act making appropriations for
the naval service for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1852.
[The Speaker here (ten minutes to twelve
o'clock) signed the Navy bill, and the civil and
diplomatic bill.]
DEAD LETTERS IN OREGON, ETC.. AGAIN.
Mr. HALL moved to lay the bill upon the
table.
Mr. JONES called for the yeas and nays; and!
they were ordered.
Several Members hoped that the call for the
yeas and nays would be withdrawn.
The SPEAKER stated that by unanimous con-
sent the yeas and nays could be considered as not
ordered, and the bill as laid on the table.
Mr. MORSE objected.
The SPEAKER. Then the call must be pro-
ceeded with.
The Clerk commenced the call of the roll;
when
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Millard P. Fillmore, his
Private Secretary, notifying the House that he did,
on this day, approve and sign bills of the follow-
ing titles, viz:
H. R. 461—An act making appropriations for
the civil and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending the 30th of June, 1852,
and for other purposes.
H. R. 475—An act to establish certain post
routes in the United States and Territories thereof.
CENSUS AGAIN.
Mr. BISSELL rose and asked the unanimous
consent of the House to offer a resolution to pro-
vide for the printing of the seventh census.
; Mr. STEPHENS objected.
Mr. BISSELL moved to suspend the rules,
j The SPEAKER stated that pending the call of
. the roll, that motion could not be made.
DEAD LETTERS IN OREGON, ETC., AGAIN.
The Clerk resumed the call of the roll,but was
again interrupted by
Mr. MEADE, who asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer a resolution, the pur-
port of which was not ascertained.
Mr. CONGER objected.
Mr. THURMAN (at three minutes to twelve)
, reported from the Committee on Enrolled Bills the
naval appropriation bill for the signature of the
Speaker.
Mr. TOOMBS desired to ask the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means if any amend-
ment had been made in the Senate in relation to
a dry-dock in California ? If there had been, he
desired to call the attention of the House and of
the country to the fact that no such amendment
had passed the House.
The SPEAKER called the gentleman to order.
The SPEAKER signed the naval appropriation
bill.
Precisely at twelve o'clock a message was re-
ceived from the Senate announcing that the Sen-
ate had passed the light-house appropriation bill.
(Great excitement in the Hall.)
Several Members. "Too late."
Other Voices. " The clock is wrong." "Hold
on to the light-house bill."
The SPEAKER. The House will recollect
that they have appointed a committee to wait on
the President of the United States. The Chair
will be disposed to wait for their return a few
minutes.
At two minutes past twelve o'clock, Mr.
THURMAN reported back the light-house ap-
propriation bill; which received the signature of
the Speaker.
The Clerk was proceeding with the call of the
roll on the dead letter bill, when—
,i A message was received from the President of
