1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
703
the United States, by Millard P. Fillmore, his
Private Secretory, notifying the House that he did
on this dnv approve and sign a bill of the follow-
ing title, viz:
H. R. 474—An act making appropriations for
the naval service for the year ending the 30th of j
June, 1852. j,
Mr. BOYD rose to a point of older. i
The SPEAKER. No point of order can be
entertained whilst the call of the roll is proceed- j
. , 1
At six minutes past twelve, a message was re-
ceived from the Senate announcing that the Sen-
ate had agreed to suspend the 17th joint rule so
far as it related to the light-house appropriation
bill.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Millard P. Fillmore, his
Private Secretary, notifying the House that he did ,
on this day approve and sign a bill of the follow-
in" title, viz: t
H. R. 297—An act making appropriations for
light-houses, light-boats, buoys, &e., and pro-
Tiding for the erection and establishment of the
same, and for other purposes."
At eight minutes past twelve, Mr. RICHARD- ,
SOX rose to a question of order, and desired to
know if the time for closing the session had not
arrived ? •
The SPEAKER said Jhat allowance must be
made for difference of time. t
DEAD LETTERS IN OREGON, STC., AGAIN. \
The Cleu resumed the call of the roll on the
proposition to lay en the table the resolution of
the Senate, No. 50, concerning dead letters in the
post offices of California and the Territory of 1
Oregon, and for other purposes, and had pro-
gressed thus far—
TEAS—Mean. Albertaon, Averctt, Bay, George A.
Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Cutter. Cleveland, Disney,
Doty, Dunham, Edmundson, Fitch, Fuller, Gilmote, Hall,
Hamilton, Harlan, Isham G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris,
Hottaday, Howard, Inge, Andrew Johnson, Robert W.
Johnson, Julian, MiUson, Morris, Morton, Olds, and On—
30.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Alston, Anderson,
Andrews, Ashmnn, Beale, Bell, Bokee, Booth, Bowie,
Boyd, Brack, Briggs, Buei, Barrows, Butler, Campbell,
Casey, Chandler, Clingman, Cole, Conger, Crowell, De-
berry, Dickey, Dtmmick, Dixon, Duer, Eliot, Alexander
Evans, Nathan Evans. Ewing, Fratherston, Fowler, Gen-
try, Gilbert, Gott, Gonld, Green, Grinnell, Hampton, Hen-
ry", Hibbard, Billiard, Holmes, Howe, Hubbard, Joseph W.
Jackson, William T. Jackson, James L. Johnson, Kerr,
George G. King, Junes G. Bang, John A. King, Levin,
Littlefield, Horace Mann, Job Mann, Mason, Matteson,
McDonald, McGaughey, McKissock, McMullen, Meacb-
am, Meade, Moore, Morehead, Morrison, Morse, Ogle,
Owen, Putnam, Reed, Bobbins, Robinson, Rockwell, Rose,
Rumsey, Sackett, and Sawtelle—82.
At nine minutes past twelve, Mr. THOMP-
SON, of Mississippi, from the committee appoint-
ed to wait on the President to inform him that if
he had no further communication to make, the
House was ready to adjourn, reported that they
had performed that duty, and tnat the President
had informed them that he had no further commu-
nication to make to Congress.
Mr. STEPHENS, ofGeorgia, moved that the
House adjourn sine die; which was agreed to.
Mr. Speaker Cobb addressed the House as fol-
lows:
Gentlemen of the Home of Seprtsentativei :
Our labors are now closed. We were sum-
moned to the posts from which we are now about
to retire at an exciting and important period of
our history. And whilst there may very properly
exist a diversity of opinion as to the various meas-
ures which we have adopted, we may, at least in
this closing scene, unite in the patriotic hope that
in the future happiness and prosperity of our com-
mon country will be illustrated the wisdom of our
action.
Gentlemen, I return you my sincere thanks for
the flattering manner in which you have been
pleased to speak of my official conduct. When I
first took this chair, 1 ventured to offer yon the
pledge of an honest effort firmly, faithfully, and
impartially to discharge its duties. I have en-
deavored, in good faith, to redeem that pledge;
and now, as I retire from this post, I fed uncon-
scious of ever having done intentional injustice to
any member of this body. It .remains for me to
perform my last official duty by declaring that
this House stands adjourned sine die.
Mr. HEBARD introduced the following reso-
lutions, which were ordered to lie on the table and
be printed:
Resolutions in relation to' the payment of Plattsbarg vol-
unteer*.
Resolved by the Senate and Home of Representatives,
That our Senators in Congress be i instructed, and our Repre-
sentatives requested, to use their exvtions for the passage ;
of a law for the speedy payment of all those who volun- i
tee red their services to repel the British in their invasion of |
Plattsburg in 1814, who have received no compensation
for said services, nor for mqney by them expended while in
the service of their country.
Resolved, That his Excellency the Governor be requested
to transmit a copy of the foregoing resolution to each of our
Senators and Representatives in Congress.
Stats or Vermont, Skcbetart or State's Office, > i
Montpkliex, Kovember 14,1850. J
I hereby certify that the foregoing are correct copies of
resolutions adopted by the General Assembly pf this State, ,
on file in this office.
PERRAND P. MBRIHLL, Secretary of State. ,
Resolutions in relation to the establishment of aline of j
steamships between fti United States and Africa. j
Whereas the Naval Commiuee af the House of Repre-
sentatives of the Congress of the United States reported, in ■
August, 1850, a bill in favor of die establishment ot a regular
line of mail steamships to the western coast of Africa, and
thence by the Mediterranean and Spain to London: j
And whereas a profitable and advantageous commerce
might be opened, and indefinitely extended, with the west-
ern coast of Africa and the adjoining territories:
And whereas such a line would greatly aid in colonizing,
by their own choice, the free people of color of this country
in Liberia:
And whereas this measure would he greatly destructive to
the existing slave trade, and promotive of peace, and an
extension of all the meliorating anid beneficial influences of
commerce, wherever said steamships should visit: there-
fere,
Resolved, by the Senate and Hsvse of Representatives
of Vermont, That our Senators and Representatives in
Congress be requested to use all suitable and constitutional
means to secure the construction of said steamships fot the
establishment of said line, and for the promotion of the ob-
jects contemplated by the said hill.
State of Veehont, Secretary or State's OrricE,)
Monthlies, November 14,1850. )
I hereby certify, that die foregoing are correct copies of
resolution* adopted by the General Assembly of this State,
on file in this office.
FE8RAND F. MERRILL, Secretary of JState.
House or RErjLBStNTATivES, February 08,1851.
Sir : I discovered late tj«is, session, in looking over the
Congressional Globe for the ftrst session of the Thirty-
first Congress, page 1993, the following language, which I
did not see at the time of publication, or it would-then have
been corrected:
" Mr. EVANS, of Maryland. When I spoke some time
ago of the pnblic printer as a scoundrel, why did Mr. Ritchie
say I called him a scoundrel then
My observation was as follows:
" When I spoke some time ago of the public printing
as a swindle, why did Mr. Rittnie say I called him a
•windier?"
And in Mr. McLane's reply, the word " swindler" should
also be inserted in place of " scoundrel." I never called
the public printer a scoundrel at any time.
By making this correction in the Congressional Globe for
this session, you will much oblige yours, very respectfully,
ALEXANDER EVANS.
Xohx c. Rives, Es«.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 28i 1851.
The PRESIDENT of the Senate laid before the
■ body a communication from the Depirtment of
War, made in compliance with * resolution of the
Senate of the 26th ultimo, transmitting the report
1 of William H. Sidell's survey of a route for a
railroad from the Great Bend, on the Red river, to
Providence, on the Mississippi river; which was
read.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, or-
dered that it be printed.
The PRESIDENT of the Senate also presented
! resolutions of the legislature of Pennsylvania,
instructing their -Senators and requesting their
Representatives to use their best exertions to pro-
, cure the passage of a law awarding an additional
quantity of land to those soldiers that can ejbow,
to the satisfaction of the proper Department, that
they had continued in service (at (he request of
their commanding officers, to meet exigencies)
after their term had expired, and that they had
received a final and honorable discharge; which
were read.
On motion by Mr. UNDERWOOD, ordered
that they be printed.
ASSIGNABILITY OF LAND "WARRANTS.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I wish to move, to post-
pone the morning business, with a view of taking
| up the joint resolution from the House making
land warrants assignable. I have troubled the
Senate so often upon that subject that I do not
wish to trouble them any more. As we cannot
act, certainly, upon any petition that has been or
would be presented, with a view of carrying it
into operation by a bill at thin late period, and as
it will delay reports but a short time, I hope that
I the Senate will take it up and dispose of it with*
. out debate. I am willing to have a vote taken
without saying one word upon it myself. I hope
there will be no more speaking, for we may just
as well decide it now, one way or the other. If
it is decided against the resolution, why, so be it.
I therefore move that it be taken up, and that the
morning business be dispensed with for that pur-
pose.
Mr. GWIN. I object.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I wish to add
one word to what has been said by the honorable
j Senator from Kentucky. Letters that I have re-
ceived from gentlemen in every quarter of the State
from whence I come assure me it is important that
this measure should be adopted. I hope, then,
that we shall take the question upon it at once, and
without debate.
Mr. GWIN. I think the Senate can show as
, decisively what they intend todo with that subject
i by refusing to take it up as by taking it up; for
! every member has the right to speak upon it when
j it does eome up. I hope the Senate will refuse to
| take it up, and make that the decisive action—the
j test vote upon the subject.
Mr. DAVIS, of Masaachitsetta. Mr. President,
' I wish merely to say that I have many requests
from different parts of the country from whence I
come, requesting that this measure may be adopted,
and declaring substantially that this bounty will
I be of very Jittle consequence to them unless the
warrants are made assignable.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire only to add my con-
currence in what honorable Senators have stated.
I am also of opinion, if it is to be talked about,
. that it is as profitable a subject to 4hlk about as
; some others. I hope it will be taken up, that we
i may act upon it to-day.
| Mr. UNDERWOOD. My friend from Califor-
I nia [Mr. Gwin] says he wishes to make this a
; test question. I am willing that it shall be so. I
J therefore call for the yeas and nays. If the Senate
; determine against the motion to take up the reso-
lution, I will consider it as rejected. I call for the
yeas and nays, because I wish to meet the propo-
sition of my friend from California. I have been
pestered, also, as other gentlemen'have. Letter
after letter, frow all quarters, has poured in upon
me until I am heartily sick and tired of it. They
tell me the bounty will be of no service to them
unless this measure is passed; and, having troubled
the Senate so repeatedly, I want to get clear of it.
If it is the pleasure of the Senate^ upon the yeas
and nays, to decide against nje, I will leave it for
some other Senator to move to get it up hereafter,
if he can.'
The yeas and ntws were ordered.
Mr. FELCH. Mr. President, this resolution
i was referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and reported back with an adverse report, recom-
mending that it do not pass. The Senator froip
Kentucky [Mr. Underwood] and a few other
Senators have spoken upon this measure some-
what at length, in favor of its passage. I wish
merely to say that I know there are several
amendments to be proposed to this joint resolu-
tion—one by the Senator from Arkansas, [Mr.
Borland;] another by the Senator from Maine,
[Mr. Hamlin;] and one ol- two other members of
the Seriate, I believe,' intend to propose amend-
ments. When this question does come up, con-
; siderable time will be required for its discussion.
There are severed Senators who wish to speak
upon it. For my own part, I shall throw no diffi-
culty in the way, at this late hour of the session.
I know the discussion will occupy at least a day
Or two of the time of the Senate, when we have
not that time to spare. I hope it will not be taken
i nP-
j Mr. BORLAND. Mr. President, I have no
doubt that this resolution will give rise to some
i discussion. That is naturally to be expected.,
1 But I do not perceive that that constitutes an ob-
jection to taking it up; for I agree with the Sen-
! ators who have preceded me that this is a very
important subject to a very large number of the
I people of the United States. I consider it of in-
