794
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 28,
finitely more importance to the country than the
bill in relation to California—involving considera-
tions of moie importance to us than that does. It
appeals much more strongly to our feelings,and in-
volves the disposition of many millions of acres of
the public lands. I must say, therefore, that I
hope it will be taken up.
Mr. FOOTE. I am prepared to vote for taking
this resolution up, if we can dispose of it without
any further debate. We have no time for this
sort of discussion.
The question being then taken by yeas and nays
on taking up the joint resolution, the result was
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Bor-
land, Bright, Cass, Clarke, Clay, Clemens, Davis of Massa-
chusetts, Dawson, Dickinson, Downs, Foote, Hamlin,
Hunter, Mason, Miller, Norris, Pratt, Rantoul, Rusk, Se-
bastian, Seward, Sturgeon, Turney, Underwood, and
Whitcomb—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Bradbury, Chase, Davis of Mississippi,
Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Evving, Felch, Gwin,
King, Smith, Soulc, Upham, Wales, and Walker—14.
The Senate then proceeded, as in Committee of
the Whole, to the consideration of the joint reso-
lution (H. R. 29) explanatory of theact approved
September 28, 1850, entitled " An act granting
bounty land to certain officers and soldiers who
have been engaged in the military service of the
United States."
The question pending was the amendment pro-
posed by Mr. Jo.ves, to add the following addi-
tional sections:
" Sec. 2. *flnd be it further resolved, That the registers
and receivers of the United States land offices shall here-
after be severally authorized to charge and receive, for their
services in locating bounty land warrants, the same rate of
compensation or percentage to which they are entitled by
law for sales of the public lands for cash, at the rate of one
dollar and twenty-five cents per acre : the said compensa-
tion to be herea'ter paid by the assignees or holders of such
warrants, in all cases where the same have been transferred
by the soldier or his legal or personal representative, under
the provisions of the acts of Congress, and the regulations
of the General Land Office on that subject, and to be paid
out of the Trt%Miry of the United States, upon the adjust-
ment of the accounts of such officers, where it shall be
shown to the satisfaction of the General Land Office that
the same was located by the soldieror warrantee, or in case
of his death by his next of kin, as provided by the acts of
Congress aforesaid.
"Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further resolved, That the said offi-
cers, whether in or out of office at the passage of this act, or
their legal or personal representatives, m case of their death,
shall be entitled to receive from the Treasury of the United
Stales, for similar services heretofore performed in such
cases, an amount equal to the compensation provided for by
the first section of this act, after deducting the amount al-
ready received bv such officers, under the Act entitled ' An
act to require the holders of military land warrants to com-
pensate the land officers of the United states for services in
relation to the location of those warrants,' approved May
17th, 1848 : Prorided, That no register or receiver shall re-
ceive any compensation out of the Treasury of the United
States for past services, who has charged and received ille-
gal or exorbitant fees for the location of such warrants."
Mr. FOOTE. I trust Senators will remember
that we have important business of an executive
character to dispose of. There are three import-
ant treaties to be acted upon, of which I hope the
Senate will not lose sight. I hope, therefore, that
we shall have no discussion.
Mr. EWING. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out of the 7th and 8th lines the
words "at the rate of one dollar and twenty-five
cents per acre," so that the officers will receive the
percentage to which they are entitled, whether the
lands are sold at $1 25 or $2 50 per acre.
Mr. CASS. Do I understand it is intended to
raise the percentage when the lands are sold at
the rale of *2 50 per acre?
Mr. EWING. It gives them a percentage out
of the land as sold. Some of the lands are more
valuable than others.
Mr. CASS. I must object to it. I think that
already the poor soldier has enough to pay. It is
no more labor to locate land warrants in the one
case than in the other.
Mr. EWING. The officer has more money to
be responsible for.
Mr. CASS. Before we proceed, I want to ask
the honorable Senator if he means that those lands
may be entered with a bounty land warrant?
Mr. EWING. I do not know.
Mr. CASS. I think not.
* Mr. FELCH. I believe the amendment is cor-
rect in this particular as it now stands, because
bounty land warrants cannot be located on any
but Government lands subject to sale at $1 25 per
acre. I think it is right as it is.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected,
and the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BORLAND. 1 have an amendment which
I desire to offer, as follows:
" .}n<i be it further resolved, That the regiment of Arkan-
sas mounted volunteers, commanded by Col. L. C. Howell,
which was raised at the call of Major General Gaines, un-
der authority of the Secretary ot War, dated May 11th,
1836, for six months' service oh the southwestern frontier,
and which was regularly mustered into the service, served
the full term, and was paid and honorably discharged, shall
be considered as having been engaged in an Indian war,
and entitled to the benefit of the act of which these resolu-
tions are explanatory."
The act of which the joint resolution is explana-
tory does not put the soldiers who served in other
wars, or rendered other military service to the
United States, upon the same footing with those
who served in Mexico, but makes a difference in
the quantity of land, under the act giving bounty
land for service in Mexico. The troops that
served upon the frontier during the war, when we
raised volunteers and sent them upon the boundary
for the purpose of supplying the place of the regu-
lar troops who were withdrawn and sent to Mexi-
co, by the explanatory act are to receive bounty
lands in the same way as those who served in
Mexico. The regiment that I propose now to in-
clude in the provisions of the act was raised in
1836, on a requisition of General Gaines, under
authority from the War Departhient. They were
regularly mustered into the service, were sent upon
the southwestern frontier, and served six months,
to supply the place of the regular troops who were
'sent to Florida, and were engaged in the war wiih
the Indians. In my opinion the act of September
1 28, 1850, does include them. The Secretary of
the Interior, however, upon examination, admitted
. the equity of admitting this regiment, but he did
i not think it was included by the language of the
i act. I have prepared this amendmentfor the pur-
i pose of extending to them precisely the same ben-
| efits, and putting them upon the same footing with
i other troops serving upon the frontier, with those
serving in the war with Mexico.
Mr. TURNEY. I propose to amend the
amendment by adding the following proviso, and
I will simply remark that these volunteers served
1 for twelye months:
" Provided, That nothing in the act approved September
i 28,1850, granting bounty land to the officers and soldiers
j! who rendered service in the war of 1812, and in any Indian
|j war since 1790, shall be so construed as to exclude the vol-
!' unteers called out to aid in the removal of the Cherokee In-
| dians west of the Mississippi in 1836-'37."
! Mr. FOOTE. I see no good reason why these
, amendments were not offered before when the law
of 1850 was on its passage. Considering them to
be very unseasonable, and being anxious to get
1 through with the business of the session, I shall
vote against him.
Mr. BORLAND. I will reply to the Senator
that, so far as my amendment is concerned, it
was submitted and ordered to be printed, was
printed, and placed upon every Senator's desk,
and has been before the Senators—such as chose
to look at it One reason why it was not offered
with the bill was, that when the act was passed,
in 1850, it was believed that these troops were
' included in its provisions; but it appears now
that the Department construes the act so as to
exclude them.
Mr. FOOTE. After the explanation I will vote
for that amendment.
The question was taken on Mr. Turner's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment pro-
, posed by Mr. Borland.
Mr. RUSK. There may be some merit in the
proposition to amend; and if it were before us on
its own merits, and we had time to discuss it, I
do not know but that I should be willing to vote
for it. As it is, the question is whether we will
j make what we have given to old soldiers worth
j anything to them by the passage of this resolu-
! tion. I shall vote, therefore, against all amend-
! ments which will tend to embarrass the resolution
before us.
, Mr. DAWSON. If the honorable Senator from
Arkansas [Mr. Borland] will listen to me one
| moment, I think we can effect the object he has in
view. The difficulty arose out of the construction
of the last act of Congress upon the subject of
bounty lands. I have chosen the proper course to
get at that, and I now desire to propose an amend-
! j ment which has received the approbation of the
Department. The question arose in the Depart-
ment, what was a war against the Indians ? That
has since been determined. It needed no procla-
mation, and depends entirely upon the nature of
J the case and of the service. I propose, there-
fore, if the Senator will allow my amendment in
lieu of his, the following:
"Jlndbe it further resolved, That nothing in the first sec-
tion ofthe act of the 28th September, 1850, granting bounty
lands to ccrtam officers and soldiers who have been enlaced
in the military service ot the United States, shall be  ocon-
strued as to exclude any commissioned or non-comnns-
sioned officer, musician, or private, whether of regulars,
volunteers, rangers, or militia, who was mustered into the
service of the United Slates for the suppression or preven-
tion of Indian hostilities, and served the length of time re-
quired by said act."
I have before me a communication from the De-
partment of the Interior, in which the Secretary
informs me that to this amendment, which Iliad
submitted to him, he had no objection; his letter
can be read if it is deemed necessary. 1 hope the
Senator from Arkansas will accept my modifica-
tion.
Mr. BORLAND. I accept that amendment as
a modification or substitute of my own. It meets
my putjiose exactly.
Mr. YULEE. Will the Senator allow me to
suggest to him to include the words " or recognized
by the United States?" In some instances troops
have been called out upon sudden emergencies by
the authorities of the States, and have been recog-
nized afterwards by the Governmentof the United
States.
Mr. DAWSON. That is all understood in the
Department now. Wherever they have been re-
cognized and have been paid by the United States,
they are upon a proper footing. '
. Mr. YULEE. I doubt whether the words
would authorize that construction.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 propose to amend the
amendment offered by the Senator from Georgia
! [Mr. Dawson] by adding to it the amendment
! which I submitted informally some days since.
I do not understand, as the Senator from Georgia
does, that the class of cases to which the Senator
from Florida [Mr. Yulee] has alluded would be
included. I understand that by the Department
they are expressly excluded. I understand there
are troops in Maryland, in Pennsylvania, in Vir-
ginia—I know there are troops in Maine, in New
Hampshire, in Connecticut, and New York, who
served in the war of 1812, but were not mustered
into the United States service, yet were subse-
quently recognized by the United States Govern-
ment as in the service and paid; and yet by the
construction of the Department they are excluded
from the provisions of the present law, because it
provides for those whs served in the United States
service. They did not technically serve in the
United States service; they served in the defence
of the country: they were recognized by the Gen-
eral Government, and their services were paid by
the General Government, and yet by the terms
of the original law they are excluded; and it is to
meet that class of cases that I have offered my
amendment. I hope the Senator from Arkansas
[Mr. Borland] will accept it as part of his amend-
ment. It is as follows:
" ^ml be it further resolved, That in all cases where
the militia or volunteers were called out under tile laws or
Executive authority of any State, and who served in de-
fence of the country, and whose services have been recog-
nized and paid by the United States Government, they shall
be considered as having been in the service of the United
States, and shall be entitled to the benefit of the act of
which these resolutions are explanatory."
Mr. HAMLIN. I understand the honorable
Senator from Arkansas to accept it.
Mr. DAWSON. I have changed mine so as
to include the idea, by adding " or whose services
were subsequently recognized by the United
States."
Mr. HAMLIN. But that resolution only ap-
plies to the Indian wars, and not to the war of
1812. This will include both the Indian wars and
the war of 1812.
Mr. BORLAND. I must confess to the hon-
orable Senator from Georgia that I am willing to
accept the amendment of the honorable Senator
from Maine, which seems to me to meet the views
of both of us. It can certainly do no harm. It
meets the views of the Senator from Georgia, and
provides against all misunderstanding at the De-
partment.
Mr. DAWSON. I have no objection to it.
