1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
795
Mr. BORLAND. The Senator from Georgia
accepts it in lien of the one I have offered, then.
Mr. BALDWIN. I move to insert after the
word " volunteers," in the second line, the words
" or State troops."
Mr. HAMLIN. The amendment includes
them.
Mr. BALDWIN. It may be doubtful whether
it will bear that construction. In the State of Con-
necticut, during the war, State troops were raised
by special act, and their services were afterwards \
recognized by the Government, and still they are
not reckoned either in the militia or volunteers.
Mr. BRADBURY. If the Senator will exam-
ine the amendment, he will find the whole ground
is embraced by the amendment offered by my col-
league. ,
Mr. BALDWIN. It will do no harm.
The question being taken on the amendment to
the amendment, proposed by Mr. Baldwin, it was ;
agreed to. 1
The question recurred on the amendment pro- :
posed by Mr. Hamlin.
Mr. FELCH. I would like to inquire of the '
Senator who presents this amendment, if it does
not in fact do away with the distinction founded
upon the time of service provided by the original
law r That law made distinctions, or gave differ-
ent quantities of land in proportion to the length
of service. Those who served for less than three
months received nothing, and those who served
above that time were graduated, receiving amounts
in proportion to the length of service. Now, if I
understood this amendment correctly, as I heard
it read, it simply does away with those provisions, :
and everybody who has entered the service is to
have a bounty.
Mr. DAWSON. The amendment provides for
those who served a proper length of time, as pre-
scribed by the original bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. The amendment, as it now
stands, simply gives to these other persons the
land according to the terms of this bill. The ob-
jection of the Senator from Michigan, therefore,
does not exist.
The question being taken on the amendment of
Mr. Borland, as modified, it was agreed to—ayes
23, noes not counted.
Mr. DOWNS. I have an amendment to offer,
to come in as an additional section:
" JInd be it furtherrcsolvei, That the chaplains of vol-
unteers and militia be allowed bounty land, whether ap-
pointed by the State authorities or taken from the ranks and
detailed for that service."
I will state that my attention has been called to
this subject from the fact that, in the organization
of the militia and volunteers called into the service
of the United States, no chaplain is contemplated,
and yet the volunteers sent by the States in some
cases provided them, and they were sometimes
commissioned by theState authorities. Such was
the case in my own State, in the volunteer regiment
that was sent out.
Mr. BUTLER. How many preachers did your
■volunteers have? [Laughter.]
Mr. DOWNS. A good many. In some in-
stances, where there was no chaplain, volunteers
were taken from the ranks and detailed for that
service. In that case they were discharged from
service as volunteers, and of course they would be
entitled to no land. Certainly those who were
commissioned by the States were not entitled to it,
and they ought to have it as much as the soldiers.
Mr. BUTLER. The Senator from Louisiana
will allow me to ask whether itis understood th'at
all of these soldiers who were commissioned and
detailed to preach are to have pay both as soldier
and chaplain? Are they to have double pay?
[Laughter.]
Mr. WALKER. There are probably not
twenty-five of these chaplains in the United States
now living, and hence the subject is comparatively
unimportant to the Government.
The amendment was rejected: ayes 15, noes 21.
The joint resolution was then reported to the
Senate.
Mr. BADGER. I merely wish to say that I
am exceedingly desirous that this joint resolution 1
shall pass. It is one in which a large portion of
my constituents are interested. Now, I want to
appeal to the Senate to vote down the amendments,
and pass the resolution as it came from the House.
The question was then taken on concurring in
the amendments, and they were concurred in.
The PRESIDENT. The question is now on
ordering the amendments to be engrossed, and the
resolution to be read a third time.
Mr. GWIN. 1 ask for the yeas and nays on
that question.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. FELCH. I do not feel at liberty, Mr.
President, to allow the vote to be taken on this
question without saying a few words, and I will
endeavor to be very brief. The resolution has as-
sumed somewhat of a different form from that in
which it came from the Committee on Public
Lands, who reported adversely upon it. I made
the inquiry when the resolution was under exam-
ination, in reference to the extent of one of the
amendments which was adopted in Committee of
the Whole, and finally in the Senate, whether it
was not liable to objection. That amendment is
as follows:
"j9nd be it further reaohed, That in all cases where the
militia or volunteers and State troops were called out under
the laws or executive authority of any State, and who
served in defence of the country, and whose services have
been recognized and paid by the United States Govern-
ment, they shall be considered as having been in the ser-
vice of the United States, and shall be entitled to the bene-
fit of the act to which these resolutions are explanatory."
It is perfectly evident to me that this provision
embraces all Who were engaged in any of the wars
referred to in the original bill, and includes those
who were in service but a single day. The num-
ber in service, including those embraced by this
amendment, will be found to be almost six hun-
dred thousand, while under the present provisions
of the bill, as construed by the Department, and
ascertained by pretty full investigation, only some
two hundred and fifty thousand are the number
of soldiers entitled to the bounty. In other words,
we increase the number of beneficiaries by this
amendment to more than double the amount. I
do not know whether the Senate is prepared to go
to that extent in this matter or not; but it seems
to me that this provision has been adopted with-
out much care; and although, in reply to my ques-
tion, it was said that it did not extend so far, yet
I am confident it will be found to go to that ex-
tent.
I wish to say a few words now in reference to
the merits of the joint resolution. In the first
place, we have had but a single point presented
to us in favor of this bill, and it is this: that
soldiers will receive more money as beneficiaries
ander the act if the warrants are made assignable
than if they are not. This is a consideration of
mere dollars and cents to the individual benefi-
ciary. It has no reference to the public policy in
regard to the matter, or the former action of the
Government, or to anything except the pecuniary
interest of the persons who are to receive the ben-
efits of the bill. Now, in my opinion, the effect
will be precisely opposite to that which is contem-
plated. If the soldier receive his land, there is a
well-established criterion of its value. He be-
comes the owner of property that is worth, accord-
ing to the Government price, a dollar and a quarter
per acre. There may be inconvenience sometimes,
it is true, in making his location; but soldiers re-
siding in the same neighborhood will make arrange-
ments together to locate their lands, and thus
remedy this inconvenience in a great degree. The
Government price then becomes the criterion of
value where the lands are located, and it is alto-
gether better for the soldier than to receive the
amount that the warrant will bring, when sold as
negotiable paper; for, if this resolution goes into
operation, the effect will be to issue a certain kind
of paper currency which is to become the subject
of speculation. We have had an example of the
operation of a law like this in the case of the
bounty land warrants to soldiers engaged in the
Mexican war. The price of those warrants ran
down to about $107 for a quarter section, or one
hundred and sixty acres of land, the Government
price being #200 for the same quantity of land.
Now, the Secretary of the Treasury reckons that
we are to throw into market by this law forty-
eight millions of acres. In the issue of the Mexi-
can bounty land warrants we threw into market
only some fourteen millions of acres, and the sol-
dier received only about one half the value of his
land. What, then, will be the consequence if we
throw forty-eight millions of acres into market by
this resolution ? If the throwing into market of
fourteen millions of acres reduced the price of the
lands one half, how much will they be reduced
by throwing into market forty-eight millions of
acres?
There is another consideration which places this
thing in a more striking attitude. Under the Mex-
ican bounty land act there was still a criterion of
value to the warrant, for the soldier could receive
in^ieu of his land a certain amount of money from
the Treasury—one half the Government price of
the4and. Not so here. The amount of money
which could be received in lieu of the land fixed
a certain value to the property, below which it
i. could not fall. The soldier was sure that his war-
! rant would sell for more than the onehundred dollars
which he was allowed to receive from the Treasury
; instead of the land. But here there is no such
provision; he can receive nothing from the Treas-
ury; and the consequence will be that if the sol-
; dier sees fit to go into market with his warrant and
i sell it, he will be obliged to dispose of it at a vastly
depreciated price. 1 he result will, therefore, be
most disastrous to the soldier himself.
But I do not intend to dwell upon this part of
Ae subject I have referred to the principle which
! is involved in the case, and to the effect which, as
it strikes me, must necessarily result from this
manner of disposing of the warrants. It may be
that the soldier has still the privilege of locating
his land aa he pleases. True, but then the man
who wishes to purchase land will be able to go into
market and buy it at a depreciated price; and,
therefore, although the soldier may locate his land,
he will not be able to sell it for the same amount
that he would if there were none of this deprecia-
ted paper in market.
Mr. President, I have objections also, founded
upon the public character of this measure—upon
its effect as a matter of public policy. I have ob-
jections to throwing into market that which shall
become the subject of speculation, as has been the
case with these warrants heretofore. They have
always become the food of speculation, which has
grown into a system; and the effect of this meas-
ure will be that the moment you thro# these lands
into market, the persons engaged in this business
will know perfectly well how the wires are to be
pulled—how to raise the market price if they wish
to sell, and how to lower it if they wish to buy.
All these influences will inevitably be put in opera-
tion, and the effect will be to depreciate to almost
nothing the value of these warrants.
, Mr. BADGER They are worth nothing now.
Mr. FELCH. The Senator says they are
worth nothing now. Let me state a fact. Within
two or three weeks the Mexican land warrants
were quoted at $107. Now they are quoted at
&115. What is the lesson given to us by this fact ?
ft is this: that they are being withdrawn from the
market and absorbed in the entry of the lands. In
proportion as they are withdrawn from the market,
in that proportion is the demand greater for them,
and the value of them enhanced. But turn the
scale the other way, and what will be the effect?
Whether you throw into market forty-eight mil-
lions of acres, as is estimated by the Secretary of
the Treasury, or whether you throw into it a less
amount, as I think will be the case, by whatever
amount you increase the quantity in market, in
that same proportion will you produce the effect
to which I have referred. It seems to me to be
exceedingly objectionable on the part of the Gov-
ernment thus to furnish the means by which land
speculation is encouraged and the number of the
speculators increased. The operation of this
measure must be apparent to all; and I, for one,
am not willing to see anything that bears the broad
seal of this Government thrown into market, to
be the food for speculation at a depreciated price.
I am not willing to see the public lands converted
into a species of currency, to become the subject
of exchange in Wall street, serving only to depre-
ciate the value of the same property which is held
by the United States.
But there is another view of this matter. Gen-
tlemen seem to suppose that we are only doing
what was intended to be done in the first instance,
when we passed the bounty land bill—as though
we intended to grant money, when, in truth, we
intended to grant the land oply. As that bill stands,
the soldier receives precisely what the Government
granted. He receives the land, which is at his"
disposal, and has its value at something near the
Government price. But what does he receive
under the provisions of this act? Mere scrip, to be
sold in the market.
