796
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 28,
The truth of the matter is, that, with one single
exception, the practice of the Government in all
its gran!": of" the public lands for purposes of this
description h;'s been uniform.- That exception is
the case of the bounty lam's granted to soldiers in
the Mexican war. The bounty lands that were
granted to soldiers of the Revolution, it would ^em
troin the public documents, although they were
not assignable, still by a sort of practice  'we as-
signed: and it" you look at the early action of Con-
gress, you will tind that there was an express res-
olution that they should not be assignable. In the
last war with Great Britain bounty lands were not
assignable: their assignability was expressly pro-
hiijued. The title to the land was received, and
the conveyance was made like other property. It
■was not till the Mexican war broke out that we
departed from the general rule. I regret that we
did so, and the consequences of that departure are
such certainly as to require that we should pause
before we adopt the strae principle again.
Why, sir, it is opening the door to frauds from
beginning to end in the administration of these
bounty land warrants. We are in the habit of
publishing every few months a book for the pur-
pose of showing what have been the frauds com-
mitted upon this subject. A warrant is issued and
is made assignable. When it is made assignable
the land officers, before they receive it, must have
proof of that assignability. The records of the
Land Office and that of the Pension Office will
show, that in many instances in which warrants
have been assigned frauds have crept in. Perju-
ries and forgeries have been repeatedly committed,
and it requires additional labor in those offices to
guard against frauds. Two or three additional
clerks in both these offices have to be employed on
account of this very thing. In numerous instances
a patent is issued to the wrong man; it then be-
comes necessary to rectify the wrong; and in all
these cases either the Government or the innocent
person who is entitled to the property must suffer.
There has fteen presented in the House of Repre-
sentatives a petition to rectify frauds of this kind.
The petition asserts that assignments have been
fraudulently made, sustained by perjuries and for-
geries, and that upon these fraudulent assignments
the land has been received by persons not entitled
ts it. In other words, there are two claimants to
the land; and the Government is now called upon i
to make a special provision for the purpose of se: i
curing these lands to the right owner. I
It is impossible to tell how extensive these
claims may be, and how much the Government
will be called on to respond to; but I am prepared
to say that the amount will be very extensive. I
was told by one of the members of the committee
in the other House that if the principle involved
in this bill should be carried out, there was a diffi-
culty about it which would lead to large appropri-
ations .
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, if the Sen-
ator will yield the floor, I would like to submit a
motion.
Mr. FELCH. I will yield the floor if it is the
■wish of the Senator to make a motion.
Mr. HUNTER. I merely wish to suggest that
it is obvious that this bill is one which will lead to
protracted debate. We have the civil and diplo-
matic appropriation bill ready to be reported from
the committee, and I think the Senate ought to
allow it to be taken up. I will, therefore, with
the permission of the Senator from Michigan,
move to lay this resolution on .the table. I am
very sorry to be compelled to do so, being friendly
to the objects of the measure.
Mr. FOOTE. If the Senator will allow me to
make one remark 
Mr. HUNTER. I cannot if I would. The
Senator from Michigan yielded only for me to
submit a motion.
Mr. FOOTE. Will my friend withdraw the
motion for a moment, to allow me to say one sin-
gle sentence?
Mr. HUNTER. I will do so if the Senator
from Michigan consents to it.
Mr. FOOTE. It is only to make this single
appeal to the honorable Senator from Michigan.
My knowledge of his character, and of the dis-
position which he has always evinced in debate,
assures me that, under the circumstances of the
case, he will allow the vote to be taken upon the
proposition.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Michi- |
gan lias the floor.
Mr. FELCH. Mr. President, I will occupy
but a very few moments more. Certainly, I am
the last person here who wishes to delay business
by talking. No Senator supposes I have any de-
sign of that kind. But I do consider this a ques-
tion of so much importance, that 1 do not feel at
liberty to let it pass without calling attention to
some of the evil effects that will flow from its adop-
tion. I should be very glad to pursue the argu-
ment, if the business of the session were not so
pressing, to show the disastrous consequences that
have flowed and will flow from this departure from
the uniform practice of the Government.
But there is another matter to which I wish to
refer before I take my seat; and that is, the effect
of this measure upon the western interests. The
Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Bell] the other day
alluded to some remarks which I made, that the
time of speculation in public lands had gone by,
and that we were not now in danger of reviving
the disastrous consequences of the speculations of
1836. I was arguing upon the subject of the sales
of the public lands. I was right, I believe, then,
upon that subject, and I believe so now. There
is no danger of a renewal of those speculations in
the public lands. But this resolution presents
quite a different question. This is not a subject
of speculation in the ordinary sales of the public
lands for money, but it introduces a new element.
No man will buy large tracts of land at $1 25 an
acre while there are warrants to be bought for ten
cents on a dollar. Thus a new kind of specu-
lation will be encouraged, and men will become
speculators to a large amount. Sir, it is the only
resource by which speculation can now exist.
You speculate to the injury of actual settlers, and
to the injury of the new States; and I am not will-
ing to open the door again for these speculations.
If you pass this measure, and throw into market
this vast quantity of land, whether it be forty-
eight millions or twenty millions, you throw it all
into the hands of these speculators, at the rate of
twenty-five or perhaps ten cents an acre. Well
may they afford to buy land now, when at a dol-
lar an<J a quarter they could make no speculation
before. The price of the land warrants will be so
low that they can rely upon purchasing with per-
fect safety, and all the choice land of the country :
will be absorbed by them. !
I *Mr. FOOTE. Will the honorable Senator al- j
low me to make a motion to lay this subject on
the table, in order to proceed to the consideration
of executive business ? There is national business
that we must attend to. We have treaties to
ratify.
Mr. FELCH. I prefer closing my remarks,
and then I will submit the matter to the Senate. I
look upon this matter, then, Mr. President, as
little more than food for speculators. Gentlemen
tell us that they are receiving letters day by day,
urging them to pass this resolution. Sir, I have
received letters. I have received anonymous let-
ters—I have received letters from individuals who
have made themselves known by their signatures;
and I shall not be saying too much when I state
that I have received threatening letters upon the
subject. I have also received personal calls; but
I can say that among these calls not a single one
has been from a representative of the old soldier.
All the personal applications that I have received
have come from a class of men who are engaged
in speculation, and not a single one has coma from
one of those who claimed this small pittance under
the law, and desired to obtain it. I have heard of
those who were exceedingly anxious for the pas-
sage of this law, and the reason was ascertained
to be that they had embarked in this very specu-
lation. A gentleman who has something to do
with the administration of public affairs told me
that, after having a long conversation with an in-
dividual who was exceedingly anxious that these
warrants should be thrown into market, the fact
was at last disclosed that he had himself purchased
occasionally these warrants. Now, if he pur-
chased them, is it not a plain inference that he gets
them at their market value, and the less the mar-
ket value is the better it is for his speculation?
These are the applications we have for the passage
of this law. But suppose it were otherwise—
suppose it were the soldiers who were making
these applications here—do we not see and feel
| the operation of the machinery? Will not the
men who apply to us here apply .also to the sol-
dier who is to receive this bounty, and exercise
all their influence to make him think that his war-
rant becomes utterly valueless to him unless it is
made assignable ? that he cannot go and locate his
land himself, and, unless he sells his warrant to
some one who can, it will be worth nothing to
him ? I do not doubt at all the correctness of the
statements which gentlemen make when they say
that they have received letters from these old sol-
diers. I should be surprised if such were not the
fact. But I speak of the general bearing of the
question, of the influences that I know to be at
work, and of the disastrous consequences that will
flow from the adoption of this measure.
Mr. HUNTER. It is obvious that this is to
lead to a long discussion. I therefore move to lay
it upon the table.
Mr. BORLAND. I hope the Senator from Vir-
f'niawill withdraw that motion fora few moments.
will not say more than ten words
Mr. WALKER. That will not end the dis-
cussion.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I will ask the yeas and
nays, as it is a test vote.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not admit that this is a
test vote, as I am in favor of the resolution, and
will vote for it on some other occasion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and the ques-
tion being taken on the motion to lay the resolution
on the table, it was not agreed to, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cass, Chase, Dodge ofWisconsin, Dodge
oflowa, Ewing, Felch, Gwin, Hunter, Jones, King, Wales,
Walker, and Yulee—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Berrien, Borland,
Butler, Clarke, Clay, Clemens, Cooper, Davis of Massa-
chusetts, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson, Dickinson, Doug-
las, Downs, Foote, Greene, Hale, Hamlin, Mason, Miller,
Norris, Pearce, Phelps, Rantoul, Rhett, Rusk, Sebastian,
Beward, Soule, Sturgeon, Tumey, Underwood, Upham,
and Whitcomb—35.
Mr. FOOTE. I rise simply for the purpose of
invoking the friends of the measure not to say a
word in support of it. I voted just now against
the proposition to lay on the table. I feel that the
Senate is prepared to adopt the resolution. But I
shall vote for that motion if it shall be made again,
if even five minutes more is consumed by discussion
by the friends of the resolution. They know that
there is business of the greatest national import-
ance which is postponed by the course now being
pursued.
Mr. BORLAND. I will not consume half so
much time as the Senator from Mississippi has
done in saying that I give up my intention of ad-
vocating this joint resolution, because 1 believe it
should pass without anything more being said in
its favor. But, in doing so, I feel it due to myself
to say that I have the papers now before me to
satisfy the Senate perfectly—notwithstanding the
great respect I have for the judgment of the Sen-
ator from Michigan, [Mr. Felch]—and there is
no Senator whose judgment I respect more highly
—that he is mistaken upon almost every point he
has taken in opposition to this joint resolution.
Mr. WALKER. I very much hope that I
shall not incur the very great displeasure of the
Senate, and particularly of the Senator from Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. Foote,] by presuming to discuss
for a few moments this bill, when he becomes
aware, and the Senate shall become aware, of the
attitude in which I stand towards my constituents.
Mr. FOOTE. Will the honorable Senator bear
with me while I make the motion to lay this bill
upon the table ?
Mr. WALKER. Certainly, for that purpose.
Mr. FOOTE. I move to lay the bill on the ta-
ble. It is evident that we shall consume the
whole day in discussion. The friends of the bill
are responsible for it by making unnecessary
speeches.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and—
The motion to lay on the table was not agreed
to, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cass, Chase, Dodge of Wisconsin,
Dodge of Iowa, Ewing, Felch, Foote, Gwin, Hunter, Jones,
King, Smith, Wales, and Walker—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Ber-
rien, Borland, Bradbury, Butler, Clay, Clemens, Davis of
Massachusetts, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson, Dickinson,
Douglas, Downs, Greene, Hale, Hamlin, Mason, Miller,
Norns, Pearce, Rantoul, Rhett, Rusk, Sebastian, Seward,
Sturgeon, Turney, Underwood, Upham, and Whitcomb—
33.
Mr. WALKER. The attitude which I occupy
