1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
797
in reference to this matter is somewhat embarrass-
ing. I can assure the Senate that I shall say noth- |
ing upon this subject from a factious disposition to <
oppose a measure which it seems to be so evi-
dently the intention of the Senate to pass. But I
should be held highly culpable by the State which ,
I represent, if I should sit quietly by and see this j |
measure urged upon us and passed without en- !
dfavoring to bring the attention of the Senate to
what constitutes the foundation of the protest of
the people of Wisconsin. We have had various
measures urged upon our attention. Discussion [
upon this subject has been deprecated, and is dep-
recated, because of its interference with other
measures before Congress, and which it is its im-
perative duty to attend to. Even the civil and i
diplomatic bill is yet to be considered, and discus-
sion is deprecated because of the fact that it inter-
feres with the consideration of that bill. We
know that that is one of the most important
bills that we have to act -upon in our legislative I
capacity. But I think that this measure is a more
important one than even the civil and diplohnatic
appropriation bill; and I think that, if this ques- I
tion is looked at in its height, breadth, length, and j
depth, it will be acknowledged that, unless figures
can be disputed, it is a more important measure
than even the civil and diplomatic bill itself. The j
importance of the matter, then, renders it die duty
of the Senate to discuss it freely, and not pass
it without giving the minority the privilege of re- >
cording their votes upon the journals of the Sen-
ate. If, at this late hour of the session, time be
consumed, I am not to be blamed for the delay.
In the earlier part of the session, when the ma-
jority of the Senate was willing to adjourn from
Monday to Thursday, and from Thursday to
Monday again, thus wasting the time of the Sen-
ate, I stood up in opposition to it, and now when
there is business of importance, at the end of the
session, I trust Senators will not urge the import-
ance of other business against the expression of i
my views on a question so important as this. I ;
strove to economize time when the motions to ad-
journ were made, and in every case I resisted
spendthrift adjournments. I called for the yeas
and nays upon every occasion I could, and every
one that sympathized with me called them still
more often, and we uniformly voted against ad-
jourments. But here we are within three days of
the close of the session, and it is proclaimed to us '
that we should not waste time, having wasted all
the time of the Senate almost so far, when we
could have deliberated dispassionately and calmly, j
and could have matured measures of so much im-
portance to the country.
Mr. ATCHISON. I call the Senator to order.
Is the Senator discussing the question before the
Senate, or is he delivering a lecture to us ?
The PRESIDENT. The Senator must con-
fine himself to the question before the Senate. I
Mr. WALKER. Yes, sir; and, unless no
courtesy is to be shown upon this particular sub- i!
ject, I presume that I shall not be blamed by the
Senator from Missouri, or the aggregate body of
the Senate, for saying something in excuse for
discussing a measure of importance at this late '
period of the session. This is a measure which is
based upon the right of the soldiers of the coun- |
try to be permitted to use the bounty which has !
been granted to them in the shape of a paper cir-
culating medium for the purchase of public lands.
It is based upon a claim of right in favor of the
soldier that he should be permitted to have issued
in his favor, as an exclusive and peculiar class, a
species of assignable paper, which he atdiscretion
may throw into circulation, and with which the
capital of the country may monopolize the public
domain. |
If there be anything in our form ofgovemment j
which stands out prominent beyond all others, it 1
is that principle against these exclusive rights and
privileges. Now, I have no ill-feeling—it would
be impossible for me to have any—against the
soldier of the country. I believe in that policy
which is generous towards hirti; and, when he
lacks a home, I am entirely willing that the Gov-
ernment should step forward, and in his declining
years, or in his decrepitude, furnish him a home
in which to live. But is this bill for that pur-
pose? Not at all. And when gentlemen think
they are advocating a measure which is to re-
dound to their credit before the country, J am in-
clined to think that a few years will show that.
they are wofully mistaken. When you have is-
sued these bounty land warrants, and they have
gone into the hands of the soldiers, and heassigns
them for the small pittance which he will get for
them, and he looks back at what he has lost, and
sees that he is no better off than he was before, he
will bear in mind those in authority by whose ac-
tion he was placed in this situation. Gentlemen
who expect to base a reputation upon so flimsy a
foundation as this will find it fly away from them
more easily than the sand-drift before the winds.
There is injustice in issuing this assignable cur-
rency in favor of the soldier—injustioe to him,
and to every other class of the community, in a
national point of view. You place in the hands
of those who are disposed t  speculate in and
monopolize the public lands the means of doing
so with a facility which is injurious to all other
classes of the community, and injurious to a great
extent to the pecuniary interests of the Govern-
ment.
I should like to ask the Senator from Kentucky
a question. He has discussed this matter with
more deliberation, so far as it has been discussed,
perhaps, than any other member of the Senate.
I would ask him for what he supposes the soldier
can sell his warrant after he gets it ? I would ask
any one who is a friend of the bill to give me an
answer.
Mr. FOOTE. I will simply say that I shall
decline answering the question, although I maybe
a friend of the bill, because it will consume time
unnecessarily. I will advertise him, also, that I
will not again make the motion to lay on the table;
and I am determined now to vote against that mo-
tion, if it shall be again made. The gentleman
may go on and consume the time of the Senate as
long as he pleases. He may consume two days,
if he chooses, and we will pass the bill in spite of
him.
Mr. WALKER. That is a very singular
course of remark for the Senator from Mississip-
pi. I know it is intended to pass the bill; but
why he deemed it necessary to say that he would
ri8S it in despite of me, I do not know. But this
say, that if that Senator had anything in his de-
sign which savored of co ■tempt for the opposition
which" I make to this bill, I can feel an equal
amount of contempt for such a fling, come from
what man it may.
Mr. FOOTE. If the honorable Senator does
not desire an explanation, I will give none. I
think he is a little too hasty, considering the cir-
cumstances of the case. If the Senator wishes to
make any explanation, I will afford him an oppor-
tunity; but if he-is unwilling to give me the same
chance, I am as proud as he is, and will give none.
But I am bound in vindication of myself to state
that I rose and made the remarks that I did, and
which, I think, under all the circumstances of the
case, I was- justified in making, simply for the
purpose of preventing the consumotion of time
with a view of defeating this bill. 1 must say, as
I strongly suspect that it was a part of the policy
of certain gentlemen to defeat this bill, that I
thought it right to throw out the idea that we
would vote to put this matter upon the table, were
it not that I had been informed by my friends that
that had rather the effect of exciting debate. I
think that I am now at liberty to fight them out
in this sort of contest, if that be their objeet.
As the Senator from Wisconsin now looks calm
and cool, I will say that I intend to fight him with
his own weapons, and I believe that they are
weapons of courtesy and kindness.'
Mr. WALKER. I will accept the explanation
of the Senator in all kindness, and shall say
nothing more about the matter now, except this,
that if the Senator had been listening he would
have heard me say that I have no such object as
he attributes—I have no desire to make any fac-
tious opposition to this bill; but duty to my con-
stituents and duty to myself imposed obligations
on me to discuss it.
Now, sir, let us look at what 'we are doing, and
ask ourselves if we expect that the old soldier, or
his posterity, will ever greatly commend us for
the charity we are bestowing. I venture to say,
sir, and I think I can give reasons for the conclu-
sions to which I come upon this subject, that the
warrant for one hundred and sixty acres will not,
if made assignable, be worth exceeding $75.
While the soldier receives but #75, the land which
he receives is worth $900 at the Government price,
and the Government is daily selling it for $900.
But the speculator, having obtained the land of
the soldier for 475, by his speculating ingenuity is
enabled to sell it for $400 after a while, if he
locates judiciously among the settlements of the
coiujtry. The soldier then gets a gratuity of $75,
anfthe speculator clears $325. The country in
an attempt to give a bounty of $200 to the soldier,
only places itself and the soldier in a situation to
be speculated upon for $75 to the tune of $400. I
would ask gentlemen if this is either patriotism
or love for the soldier?
This cannot he gainsaid. These will be the re-
sults. And when he has expended his seventy-
five dollars, you have the consolation of looking
upon the land speculator, who has, by your at-
tempted beneficence, kindness, and charity to the
soldier, acquired for himself the three hundred
and twenty-five dollars clear upon every one of
those warrants; for I venture to say that if the
warrants themselves are prudently located by the
soldiers themselves or their friends in a neighbor-
hood fast being populated, they will, in less than
two years, amount in almost every instance to the
average value of which I have spoken. I have
had some experience in this matter, and have been
personally an agent for the soldier. On one occa-
sion, when a soldier had offered me two Mexican ,
bounty land warrants for two hundred and ten
dollars, or one hundred and five dollars apiece, I
took them and located them for him; so that in
less than five months he got four dollars an acre
for his land, and I forwarded him drafts to the
amount of one thousand two hundred and eighty
dollars for what he had proposed to sell me for
two hundred and ten dollars. I mention this for
the purpose of showing that it is not from any
feeling of enmity for the soldier that I make oppo-
sition to this bin, but from a feeling of friendship
for him, and because I desire that he may be able
to be benefited really and substantially by the
bounty which the country proposes to bestow
upon him.
There is another view of this subject which—*
and as I have already expressed the opinion that
this measure is of more importance than even the
civil and diplomatic appropriation bill—^-T feel my-
self called upon to bring before the Senate and the
country, and the facts upon which 1 predicate that
opinion. I would ask western men, at all events,
to give me their attention while I present some sta-
tistics upon this subject, to show the immense
magnitude of the measure we are now considering.
According to the appendix to the report of, the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, bring-
ing down the public land statistics to the 1st of
January, 184ft, we find this to be the fact: that in
; the States of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michigan,
Wisconsin, Mississippi,and Arkansas, there were
unsold, up to that date, one-hundred and thirteen
millions three hundred and fifty-seven thousand
nine hundred and eighty-nine acres. The Secre-
tary of the Treasury has estimated the amount
| of the land warrants proposed to be issued
I under the late act to be about ninety-five millions
of acres; and I presume it will not be denied that
up to the lstof January, 1849, the Mexican bounty
land warrants reached to about fifteen millions of
! acres, which would make an aggregate of one.
i hundred and ten millions of acres.
I Mr. BORLAND. Do I understand the Senator
to estimate that the amount of the warrants issued
under the act for the benefit of soldiers of the
I Mexican war is fifteen millions of acres? If so, I
I can state to him that up to the 13th day of this
month there were issued seventy-three thousand,
making eleven millions six hundred and eighty
thousand acres only up to that time.
Mr. WALKER. I thank the Senator for the
1 statement; for it is satisfactory to my mind, that
when they are all issued, they will go beyond fif-
teen millions of acres. These added to the ninety-
five millions provided for by the act of 38th of
September last will amount to one hundred and
ten millions of acres. We find, then, that they
will cover the whole of the public lands in the
States of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Wisconsin, Mich-
igan, Mississippi, and Arkansas, with the excep-
tion of three millions three hundred and fifty-seven
thousand nine hundred and eighty-nine acres.
There are seven out of the twelve landholding
States which it is proposed at this one swoop to
give away by these assignable Mexican and other
bounty land warrants.
