798
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 28,
As I see the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. |
Underwood] is now in his seat, and as he was
not here when I propounded a question upon
which I wish his opinion, I will repeat that ques-
tion: When it is known to the country that this
immense amount of land is to be ultimately
covered bv land warrants, what does he suppose
the land warrants will be worth? Let it be borne
in mind bv the country that in the land States of
Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Wisconsin, Michigan,
Mississippi, and Arkansas, there were, on the 1st
of January, 1849, but one hundred and thirteen
million three hundred and fifty-seven thousand
nine hundred and eighty-nine acres, and that the
land warrants will cover one hundred and ten
millions out of more than one hundred and thirteen
millions. What do you suppose you are doing for
the old soldier? You are giving him chaff, if he
is to get his only benefit from selling his warrant.
But you are not giving chaff to the speculator by
any means. Why, sir, 1 have been urging upon
the Senate the proposition to donate to all the
States the public lands within their respective
limits for the benefit of the actual settlers, that
they might become more important to the people,
important to the States, important to the General
Government, by bringing them under cultivation
and production. That has been scouted and al-
most hissed with contempt; and yet here are gen-
tlemen proposing to adopt a system of class legis-
lation, and to issue a kind of paper money for the
purchase of the lands in seven out of the twelve
landholding States in one measure. While they
will not make the matter general—while they repu-
diate the scheme which 1 call upon the Senate to
adopt—they, "at one fell swoop," take from the
hands of the General Government nearly or quite
all the lands from seven of the landholding States.
In favor of whom do they do it? In favor of the
soldier? No, sir; this proposition of itself repu-
diates the idea that the land will go to the soldier.
It is based upon the idea that he will get no ben-
efit from the act unless you make the warrants
assignable. It is, then, designed, in the first
place, that he shall get what little he may be able
to get for his land warrants, and that the great
mass of the public lands of which I have spoken
shall pass into the hands of him who buys up the
land warrant, for the purpose of making it the
medium with which to purchase the land. That
is the philanthropy which Senators urge here in '
favor of passing this measure in behalf of the old
soldier.
I have stated the amount of land in these seven
States merely. But the Senator from Michigan,
the chairman of the Committee on Public lands,
[Mr. Felch,] has told us that the amendment you j
have adopted, according to his estimate, will double ;
the issue of bounty land warrants. If that be the
case, then, instead of one hundred and ten millions
there will be two hundred and twenty millions of
acres. Now, in the whole of the twelve land-
holding States, on the 1st of January, 1849, there
were two hundred and forty-six millions fifteen
thousand three hundred and thirty-seven acres.
From that whole body of the public lands you
propose at once to give away two hundred and
twenty millions of acres to the speculators of the
country. If this be patriotism, if it be the love of
the old soldier, God only knows how my poor in-
tellect has been so perverted as to be utterly unable
to see it. Two hundred and twenty out of two
hundred and forty-six millions are stricken at one
blow from the hands of the General Government;
and yet I see Senators, who have opposed the
general policy of distribution to the country for
purposes of cultivation, advocating this scheme
which is to leave but twenty-six millions of public
lands of all that we had on the first day of Jan-
uary, 1849.
But we have not now all we had then. When
you come to make the deductions from the amount
we had at that time, of all that has been granted
since that time for railroads, and all the land that
we have granted for other purposes, you will find
that you have reduced the amount even below the
estimate of the chairman of the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands. You will find that you reduce the
whole amount of public lands, excluding the new-
ly-acquired territory, below the amount these land
warrants will cover. When that is the case, what
more have you to do ?
Mr. BORLAND. Nothing at all.
Mr. WALKER. Nothing, says the Senator
from Arkansas, and he says truly. But I will in-
form him that he is mistaken to some extent.
Mr. BORLAND. Will the Senator allow me
| to say that I meant we would have nothing more
i to do with it if we gave it all away? But 1 do not
admit that what he states is in accordance with
j the facts.
Mr. WALKER. We shall have something
more to do with it, sir. So far from being relieved
from any of the burden of the present land sys-
tem, and the machinery for carrying it on, I will
show the Senator that we shall have to do with it
to a vast extent annually, for the expenses of the
system have been increased by the policy you are
; pursuing. The Secretary of the Interior, in esti-
mating for that Department, says:
" The first fact which strikes the mind upon looking at
this recapitulation is, that the estimate for the next fiscal
year exceeds that tor the present $'1,728,670 63.
" Faithful guardians of the public Treasury will naturally
inquire, how does this happen ? The question demands a
candid answer; and I shall proceed to give one which I
hope will be no less satisfactory than tree from all attempt
at concealment or disguise.
" Land Service.—The estimates under this head exceed
those of last year >£157,118 29. Tins is caused by the in-
crease of expense consequent on the passage of the act of
28th September, 1850, granting bounty land; by the contem-
plated extension of the land system over tlie newly-ac-
quired territory; and by the deficiencies in the estimates of
the last fiscal year."
Here we see that there is an increase in the land
service in consequence of the passage of this act.
The people of the country not only have to give
away the lands to the speculators for twenty cents
per acre, but are obliged to pay annually $157,000
more for taking care of the land than if they had
kept it themselves, in consequence of the neces-
i sary increase of clerks in the Department to enable
j them to issue the land warrants to go into the
: hands and pockets of speculators, who wish to
I buy up, monopolize, and speculate upon their her-
itage. This they will learn; at all events I shall
do what I can to give them the information.
What more are we doing as political economists,
legislators, and patriots? I have an estimate here
which I believe to be correct, which shows that, in
addition to the item to which I have called the at-
; tention of the Senate, we are falling behind what
| we were in 1849 in the lahd policy:
I The sales of public lands in the year 1849
amount to $1,329,902 77
Area located in that year in satisfaction of
Mexican war bounty land warrants  3,465,520 00
State selections under the act of 4tli Septem-
ber, 1841  259,806 60
Improvements of rivers, &c  135,246 21
Choctaw certificates  53,935 33
Total thus disposed of..
.$5,184,410 91
j During the three quarters of 1850 there have
1 been sold  $869,082 32
! Located by Mexican bounty land warrants
i during the first and second, and part of the
J third quarters    1,520,120 00
j State selections under the act of 1841  379,805 58
! Choctaw certificates  46,360 52
Aggregate thus disposed ofin the first, second,
and part of the third quarters of 1850 5-2,815,338 42
Mr. BORLAND. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him if his calculation is extended as far as
1850 ?
Mr. WALKER. It is not; but the Senator
will find that it is still worse in 1850; for an addi-
tional amount of ninety-five millions of acres in
; land warrants has been thrown into circulation. I
admit there is an increase of money receipts in
[ the year 1850, but it is because the Mexican
bounty land warrants were to some extent ex-
j hausted, or at least were not so plentiful as they
I were before. But now that the receipts are be-
! ginning to increase, we propose to step in and to
! cut off entirely all the money receipts from this
■ source, by throwing into circulation all over the
| country ninety-five millions of acres, according to
| the Secretary of the Treasury, or one hundred
j and eighty millions, according to the chairman of
j the Committee on Public Lands, for the purpose of
| entirely replacing the use of money as a currency
I or medium in the purchase of public lands.
! Mr. BORLAND. My object in rising was to
I state, that under the operation of the bounty land
law, there has been an actual increase. The last
j quarter of that year, 1850, shows an increase,
| making the results of the year over the average
j sales during the whole period of our public land
I sales, including the year 1835, when fourteen mil-
lions were sold. The average for 1850, estimating
the last quarter, for which I have an official state-
ment from the Land Office, is above the average
of any year during the whole period of these sales.
Mr. WALKER. For money ?
Mr. BORLAND. Yes, sir; for cash. The
amount for the fourth quarter is S-,98,413 42, show-
ing ail amount by one or two hundred thousand
dollars greater than the average heretofore.
Mr. WALKER. The Senator from Arkansas
must mean that argument for something, I pre-
sume. If it meajis anything—if it has any bear-
ing whatever upon the proposition before the
Senate, it is this, that to rentier assignable these
warrants will create ail increase in the moneyed
receipts of the Government. Now, sir, I am per-
fectly willing that he shall enjoy all the credit and
all the honor which attaches to the discovery that
it will be a great blessing to the United States to
give away all her public lands, because, after hav-
ing done so, her receipts at her land offices will be
more than heretofore. If that is not an argument
which1 would knock any common man down, I am
mistaken.
Mr. BORLAND. These are the facts.
Mr. WALKER. And that is the result of the
argument. You are to adopt the policy of giving
away the entire amount of your two hundred and
forty-six millions of acres, because you can at the
same time get more money than you ever got be-
fore, while you increase the expenses of the land
service $157,000 annually. It seems to me that
this is the most potential argument I have ever
heard.
This is what we are doing. We are giving the
soldier a gratuity of seventy-five dollars, and the
speculator makes out of it three hundred and twen-
j ty-five dollars clear. We are giving to speculators
I the whole amount of the public lands, and we are
I pursuing a policy which is involving the Govern-
ment, as I have shown, in an increased annual ex-
penditure. If the lands are worth anything to the
Government, we incur a loss of four millions and
sixty-five thousand eight hundred and twenty dol-
lars. This is the policy which modern patriotism
has dictated. This is love for the old soldier. I
think a most singular kind of attachment is spring-
ing up in this country, if that is the policy by which
it is to be governed in future.
If the lands, as it is argued on the other side,
will not go to the old soldier, then, if you do not
make the warrants assignable, they will remain in
the hands of the Government. They are not to
go to the soldier'who has fought the battles of his
country. Why, then, did you pass the act ori-
ginally ? If your object was to give him money,
why not give him money directly? Why give
him what is worth to you one dollar and twenty-
five cents per acre, when it is worth to him but
forty cents, and thus enable somebody else to take
advantage of his ignorance, or necessity, or impru-
dence, to make a profit upon it of two dollars and
fifty cents, or three dollars per acre.
J You now adopt this policy. "Why, in the name
of common sense, did you not adopt it in the act
granting Mexican bounty land warrants ? If your
love is for the soldier, why not give him the alter-
native of receiving from the Treasury a certificate
bearing interest, upon which he can get the money
in lieu of his warrant, if he desires to take it?
You do no such thing. You adopt a measure
which leaves him no alternative. You throw into
circulation ninety-five millions of acres, and then
leave the soldiers completely at the mercy of those
who will buy the lands at the reduced prices at
which fhey can get the warrants. You give the
soldier the lands, but will not give him the privi-
lege of going to the Treasury of his country. You
do not give him the bounty you profess to give
him, but give him this paper, which will depre-
ciate in his hands, and leave him at the mercy of
the speculator, who will buy the warrants at what-
ever prices the soldier in his need can be induced
to take, operating upon his necessities and his
wants. In view of what I have said, and to test
the sense of the Senate, I will move to add to the
resolution the following proviso, and I ask the yeas
and nays upon it:
" Provided, That, in lieu of the warrants to be issued
under the provisions of said act, the person or persons en-
titled thereto may, at his, her, or their election, have and
receive in each case a Treasury certificate, bearing six per
centum interest, payable semi-annually, (the principal re-
deemable at the discretion of the Government.) after the
following rate, to wit: Tn liau of a warrant for one hundred
