THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $ 1 50 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, MARCH 6, 1851.
New Series.... No. 51.
in power, to enable the Government to sustain
itself; and it is not wise to limit the appropriations
«o that the Government cannot carry on its opera-
tions with convenience, dispatch, and success.
Without occupying the time of the Senate my-
self, I shall take the liberty, notwithstanding the
general statement made at the beginning of my
remarks, and a manifestation on my part, and
on the part of others, to avoid unnecessary con-
sumption of time, as the Senator from Tennessee
has thought proper to make a very extraordinary
assault upon this proposition, to bring forward
Authority from a source so respectable as to chal-
lenge any objection to it. It is the report of Mr.
Buchanan, addressed to a committee of the House
iof Representatives, and is dated March 16, 1846:
dtpattisit or State,
Was hinoton, March 16,1848.
A year has now elapsed since the present Secretary took
charge of this Department; and the conviction has been
forced upon him, that in the diplomatic and consular
branches it is wholly inadequate to perform the duties
which it owes to the country. That it is so will be made
manifest by a simple statement of facts.
lnd?pendently of the chief clerk, there are five clerics
employed in conducting our diplomatic correspondence
with the whole world.
To one of these is assigned all the diplomatic correspond-
ence with the nations on the continent of America, and all
business incident thereto, such r\s ansivering letters from
individuals, replying to inquiries from committees, and col-
lecting and an-aniing the materials for responding to calls
from Congress; to another all that with Great Britain,
France, Russia, the Netherlands, and China; and to the
third that with all the remaining nations of the world. The
two latter are assisted each by a copying clerk, who has
also other duties to perform, at salaries of $900 and $800
yer annum.
This is the whole machinery employed to conduct the
business arising out of our foreign relations with all the
Powers of the earth.
It is true that there is a translator and an accountant at-
tached to the Department, but the special nature of their
duties is sufficiently indicated by their names.
Th; consular section of the Department is, if possible,
(till more inadequate. The number of our consuls is al-
ready one hundred and seventy ; and the number of clerks
for the discharge of the duties of this branch is two. The
nn- has charge of the correspondence with and relating to
our consulates on the American continent and some of the
islands; the other with those in Europe and the remainder
the globe.
The force employed in the " Office of Foreign Affairs," as
H stood in 1789, when our present form of Government
went into operation, consisted of five persons, to wit, the
*' Secretary far Foreign Affairs," the " Under Secretary,"
two " clerks," and an " interpreter." At this day, when our
population has swelled from less than four millions to
twenty millions, and its intercourse with foreign countries,
and our relations with their Governments, have more than
froportionably expanded, the force to conduct the diplo-
matic and foreign business of the nation consists of ten per-
sons, two of whom are copying clerks.
The interests of the country require that this Department
should be far more efficient than it is. M uch more business
ought to be transacted; and that which can be accomplished
ought to be dispatched both more expeditiously and upon
fuller consideration.
Of the persons belonging to the Department, not one, ex-
cept its head, has authority to sign a single paper or to de-
cide upon any question, however trivial. And here it it
proper to observe, that a mass of miscellaneous business has
devolved upon it, most of which has no natural connection
with its appropriate duties. The present number of clerks
emploved upon this business is sufficient; but all of it, in its
minutest details, must undergo the personal supervision of
the Secretary, and every paper is relation to it must receive
his signature.
The consi-quences of this accumulation of business upon
the head of the Department must be manifest to every one.
He must either neglect great national interests, or the sub-
ordinate but pressing business involving the right; of indi-
viduals. Almost every day brings with it a struggle between
the conflicting claims of subjects; all of which are entitled
to attention, whilst it is impossible that all should receive
it. Much business is thus postponed, and even a portion of
' jha' smill force already in the Department is often without
full employment; because it cannot act without instruc-
tions, and there is bait one head from which these can pro-
ceed.
It is a paramount duty of the Secretary of State te make
himself master of the subsisting relations of all foreign na-
tions with the Unired States, and with each other, at least
ao far as these may bear upon the interests of this country.
The performance of this duty requires time for reading and
reflection. No person acquainted with the present Secre-
tary will doubt his industry; and yet he can truly affirm
that since became into the Department he has not found
time even for a careful or regular perusal of the leading for-
eign journals, much less lor that of those other publications
with which his duties require that he should be acquainted.
It is beyond all question that each of our diplomatic
agents should hear from the Department at least once in
eaeh month on the general policy and views of the Govern-
ment, as these may be affected by pasting events. B ut this
51
is now impossible. For a long period of time not a dis-
patch to our ministers abroad has ever been written, except
upon business of a pressing character.
Defective as is our present consular system, a mass of in-
formation might be acquired through its agency which would
be of great importance to the navigating, commercial, agri-
cultural,and manufacturing interests of the country. Even
now, much of such information is obtained; but it is ren-
dered comparatively useless for want of persons to digest,
arrange, and publish it for the use of Congress and the peo-
ple. Besides, an active correspondence with our consuls
would be the means of eliciting from them much valuable
political intelligence.
It is desired by the committee that the Secretary should
suggest a plan to render the Department adequate to per-
form its duties. This can be done in a few words.
Let the chief clerk be converted into an assistant secre-
tary, to be appointed by the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, authorized by law, under
the general supervision of the Secretary, to transact all the
business of the Department, except that which is of a purely
di plomatic character. The salary of this officer the Secre-
tary would propose to fix at $3,(TOO.
Relieve the Secretary from the judicial and other busi-
ness connected with the Patent Office—all of which is
transacted by himself, without the agency of any clerk—by
transferring it to the Attorney General, to whom it would
appropriately belong.
Let provision be made for We employment of three ad-
ditional clerks in the diplomatic branch. These clerks
ought to be men of intellect and information, competent to
prepare a dispatch upon any subject arising in the ordinary
course of business, and involving only principles which
have been clearly settled by the action of our Government.
Their first duty would be to devote themselves to a careful
perusal and study of all the correspondence from the begin-
ning, between this Government and the foreign Govern-
ments with which their duties may be connected, so that
they might be able always, without delay, to furnish to the
hpad of the Department any information or documents
which he may require. Thpy ought to be qualified to ex-
ami ne the facts and the principles involved in the private
claims of citizens of the United States upon foreign Govern-
ments, on which the agency of the Department is so often
invoked. No claim ought ever to be presented to a foreign
Government, in the name of the nation, until it shall have
undergone a careful scrutiny, and the Department shall
have ascertained that it presents at least a clear prima facie
case of justice. This is due alike to our national character
and to the cause of justice. For the want of an adequate
force to make such examinations, it has-bent too often the
practice to transmit these private claims to our legations
abroad, without due consideration, to be there advocated
and urged. The tendency of this practice has been to per-
plex and embarrass our diplomatic agents; to involve them
in useless and irritating controversies with those to whom
they are accredited: to excite prejudice and ill feeling
against our citizens, and to endanger the character of our
country for fair-dealing with the nations of the world.
It is believed that persons at all competent to the discbarge
of these important duties eould not be procured for a less
salary than $2,000. Individuals of such a character could
not be induced to abandon private pursuits in which they
may be engaged for a smaller compensation.
If these three additional clerks were provided, then the
diplomatic branch of the Department would employ but six
clerks, independently of the two copying clerks: and with
the services of one of these the Department might probably
dispense.
In the consular branch, two additional clerks, at least,
are required ; the one at a salary of $2,000, and the other
at $1,400. This would make the whoje number of consular
clerks, four. The duties of the first clerk would require
high qualifications, because to him would be assigned, in
addition to his other duties, the task of digesting, arranging,
and preparing, for the use of Congress and the people, all
the information procured from our consuls affecting our great
commercial, agricultural, and manufacturing interests.
Should Cr.ngress deem it proper to add these five clerks
to the force of the Department, and convert the chief clerk
into an Assistant Secretary, the Increased expenditure would
amount to $9,400 per annum. From this may be deducted
the salary of one of the present clerks at $800, which would
reduce the sum to $8,600. It might be still further dimin-
ished by requiring a small fee to be paid for passports,
which are now prepared and delivered without any charge.
But after making these deductions, the increased expense
could not be estimated at less than $7,500 per annum. It
will be for the wisdom of the committee and of Congress to
determine whether the re'orms contemplated will be worth
this additional expenditure. In one opinion the Secretary
is very clear; and this is, that any change would be of but
little avail, which, in either the diplomatic or the consular
branch, should stop short of the additions here recom-
mended.
Should Congress fail to be satisfied of the necessity of
making these changes, permit the Secretary to express the
earnest hope that the office of chief clerk may be changed
into that of an Assistant Secretary as suggested. This will
relieve the Secretary from a mass of business in detail, much
of it having no relation to our foreign affaire, and enable him
to devote the time thus saved to the important interests of
the country.
Although it is not proposed to institute a detailed com-
parison between this Department and the foreign depart-
ment of other Governments, in regard to the duties dis-
charged by them, and the force assigned to them, respect-
ively,  till it may be worth the while pf the committee to
bestow a glance upon th« lists pf officers employed In the
foreign office of Great Britain and in this Department. They
will be fbund in the paper marked C. In another, marked
D, is exhibited the present force of the Department, as con -
pared with that, which Congress deemed it necessary to em-
ploy twenty-eight years ago.
That I think will be found to be an answer to
the suggestion of the Senator from Tennessee,
that there is no need of an Assistant Secretary of
State.
Mr. CLEMENS. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him how much of the business of the Sec-
retary of State has been transferred to the De-
partment of the Interior since that report was
made ?
Mr. FOOTE. Very little, indeed. But I have
authority for saying that the business of that of-
fice, in many important respects, is twenty years
behindhand, ana there is no hope of bringing it
up at all without this aid. It was Mr. Buchanan's
opinion that these changes were necessary, and
therefore there is nothing aristocratic, nothing
Whiggish about it, as the Senator from Tennessee
may have supposed.
Appended to this report are several documents
to which Mr. Buchanan refers. The first which
I will read contains the number of clerks employ-
ed in the Departmentof State, and their duties:
Number of Clerks employed in the Department qf
State, and their duties.
i. NUMBER of CLERKS.
The whole number of clerks employed in this Department
is fourteen.
# II. DCTIES or THE CLERKS.
1. The Chief Clerk
Is the assistant of the Secretary in regard to the business ef
the Department generally, and, when he is absent at Cabi-
net meetings, or engaged in conference at the Department,
represents him by receiving persons having business with
it. He receives the mails, opens and peruses dispatches and
other communications as they come in, and refers them to
the appropriate clerks; revises draughts of papers-prepared
by them, and all papers prepared for the Secretary's signa-
ture ; draughts letters, or gives directions in regard thereto,
and generally in regard to all points arising in the course of
the business of the Department, and to all matters requir-
ing its action, so far as the nature of the suhject admits ef
this being done without bringing it in the first instance be-
fore the Secretary, to whose consideration every matter
must be brought before it can be disposed of—he being the
only person authorized to act upon any subject, or to de-
termine upon any matter calling for a determination.
2. Diplomatic branch.
Number of clerks employed, five.
This branch has chargeof all correspondence betweep the
Department and the ministers and other diplomatic tgenf
of the United States abroad, and those of foreign Powers
accredited to this Government.
In all diplomatic instructions sent from the Department,
and communications to commissioners under treaties Qf
boundaries, he., are prepared, copied, and recorded ; and
all of like character received are registered and filed, their
contents being first entered in an analytic table or index.
Letters of credence, full and special ppwprs, communica-
tions to foreign sovereigns and states of congratulation; con-
dolence, &e., copies of treaties for exchange Md for publi-
cation, certificates of the exchange of ratification, reports
in answer to Congressional calls For correspondence, Jcc.,
proclamations, synopses, general and particular, are made
out and recorded or kept; and answers are prepared to in-
quiries and other applications from committees, memberfc of
Congress, and private individuals, regarding claims, com-
plaints, and all matters of a diplomatic character.
3. Consular branch.
Number of clerks employed, two.
This branch has charge of the correspondence, fce., be-
tween the Department and the consuls and commsreial
agents of the United States. In it instructions to those
officers, and answers to thev dispatches and to letters froyi
other persons asking for consular agency, or relating to con-
sular affairs, are prepared and recorded : registers are kept,
in which the substance of all communications to the De-
partment, relating to this branch of the business, is enteted,
with notes of the disposition made of them ; an indjex is
kept for each consulate, in which the purport of every pqm-
munication relating to it, written or received, is entered ; a
register is kept of the consular fees, and the dispatches of
the consuls and commercial agents are filed and preserved.
4. Miscellaneous.
Number of clerks employed, six.
1. The disbursing agent.—He has charge of all corre-
spondence and other matters connected with accounts rela-
ting to any fund with the disbursement of which the Depart-
ment is charged; purchases all articles required for the ifsfi
of the Department, and prepares the contracts under which
they are furnished; disburses the appropriations for its c« -
tingent expenses, including those for the printing and dis-
tribution of the laws, and of other publications in regard tp
which this duty is assigned to the Department; those far
the compensation of its officers, for the contingent expenses
of mission? abroad and of foreign intercpurs#; for
