803
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 28,
of consulates in the Turkish dominions. Prepares and |
records ail requisitions of the Department on the Treasury ;
examines and presents tor the decision of the Secretary of
State attracts of accounts for diplomatic contingent ex-
penses submitted b\ the auditor; prepares letters of credit
on tin4 bankers of the United State>; sees that they are
provided with funds to meet the drafts on them; prepares
estimates for all appropriations required by the Department
of State, furnishing explanations in reference to them, and
to all matters connected with this branch of duties, when-
ever called for.
2. The translator.—His duties are to furnish such trans-
lations as the Department may require. He also records
the commissions of consuls and vice con«uls, when not in
English, upon which exequaturs arc i*<ued.
3. Clerk of appointments and commissions.—He makes
out and records commissions, letters of appointment, and
nominations to the Senate; makes out and records exequa-
turs, and records, when in English, the commissions on
which they are issued. Furnishes statements, for the use
of the other Departments, of the appointments, resigna-
tions, deaths, &c., of officers whose commissions and let-
ters of appointment issue from this Department; keeps a
list of the names and titles of office of all such officers,
(diplomatic and consular excepted,) of the dates of their
appointments, and of the expiration of them; registers and
files papers of recommendation for office, and letters rela-
ting to appointments; prepares letters, statements, and re-
ports relating to tins branch of business. Has charge of the
library.
4. Clerk of the rolls and a rehires.—He takes charge of
the rolls, or enrolled acts and resolutions of Congress as
they are received at the Department from the President;
prepares the authenticated copies thereof which are called
for; prepares for and superintends their publication, and
that of treaties, in the newspapers and in book form ; at-
tends to their distribution throughout the United States,
and that of all documents and publications in regard to
which this duty is assigned to the Department; writing and
answering all letters connected therewith. Has charge of
all Indian treaties, and business relating thereto; has charge
ofthe archives, including the "Washington Papers," and
comprehending the records of commissions which have sat
tinder treaties, claim-papers, &c.; makes the examinations
which are often called for, reports the result, prepares an-
swers to inquiries respecting these subjects.
5. Clerk of authentications and copyrights.—He has ,
charge of the seals of the United States and of the DepruJ-
ment, and prepares and attaches certificates of papers pa-
tented for authentication; receives and accounts for the
fees. Has charge of publications transmitted to the Depart-
ment under the laws relating to copyrights; records and
indexes their titles; records all letters from the Department,
other than the diplomatic and consular; records the reports
made by the Department to the President and to Congress,
and keeps a miscellaneous record book. Has charge of
the returns of passengers and seamen received from the
various custom-houses. Prepares letters relating to these
subjects.
6. Clerk of pardons and passports.—He prepares and
records pardons and remissions; and registers and files the
petitions and papers on which they are founded. Makes
out and records passports; keeps a daily register of all let- '
ters, other than diplomatic and consular, received, and of
the 'disposition made of them; prepares letters relating to
this business.
Besides the special duties assigned to them, the clerks
generally are called upon, when their services are required,
In copying and collating.
I shall conclude what I have to say by present-
ing the comparative view given by Mr. Buchanan
as to the force employed in Great Britain and this ,
country, so as to show that nothing can be more |
reasonable than this proposition:
Force employed in the British Foreign Office and in the
Department of State of United States, respectively.
1. Force employed in the British Foreign Office.
[Taken from the Royal Calendar for 1845.]
Thirty-nine persons, to wit:
One principal Secretary of State.
Two under Secretaries.
One chief clerk, with two clerks attached to hie depart-
ment.
Six senior clerks.
Twenty-one clerks.
One librarian and keeper of the papers.
One sub-librarian, and two clerks attached to the librari-
an's department.
One translator.
One precis writer.
II. Force employed in the Department of State ofthe
United States. Fifteen persons, to wit:
One Secretary of State.
One chief clerk.
Twelve clerks.
One translator and librarian.
Remarks.
The number of persons employed in the British Foreign
Office is thirty-nine. The duties of this office, as s tated m
the " Imperial Calendar," consists exclusively in conduct-
ing all correspondence with British ministers and consuls
abroad, and foreign ministers in England, relating to nego-
tiations, treaties, &c., on political and commercial matters.
In the Department of State of the United States, the per-
sons by whom is conducted that branch of the business
which corresponds with the duties of the British Foreign
Office, are ten in number.
This includes the Secretary of State and the chief clerk,
whose attention, so far from being devoted exclusively to
this branch of duties, is incessantly diverted from it; and
this bv causes which not only occupy much of their time,
but subject them at all moments to interruptions, which,
however important and urgent may be the public business
that they are engaged upon, could only be avoided by eon- '
stantly subjecting to delay and to serious inconvenience
individuals who^e business mmht. under a proper oigani/.a-
tion of the Department, be dispatched without presenting
any such alternative.
There is another document appended to this
report, which I will read, as it contains useful
statements showing the necessity for an increased
force in that Department:
Force of the Department of State at the present time, as
compared with that which was deemed necessary twenty-
ei*ht years a o.
Force under the act of 1818, including the Secretary of
State, eleven persons.
Business of the Department, diplomatic and consular, at
that period, estimated by the number of our missions and
consulates abroad with whom to hold correspondence.
[Corresponding to the number of our missions abroad, as a
general rule, is the number of foreign missions in our coun-
try with whom to correspond in writing and to hold con-
ferences.]
Our missions abroad  7
Our consulates 67
Force at the present time, (1846,) including the Secretary
of State, fifteen persons.
Our missions abroad  23
Our consulates 170
Showing, during this period of twenty-eight years—
Persons employed—an addition of four.
Or an increase of thirty-six per c^nt.
Our missions abroad—an addition of sixteen.
Or an increase of two hundred and thirty-six per cent.
Our consulate?—an addition of one hundred and three.
Or an increase of one hundred and fifty-three per cent.
Note.—The above statement presents the total of the in-
crease which has taken place in the force of the Depart-
ment. In the business of the Department it presents only
the increase in the diplomatic and consular branches; nor
is the increase in these branches confined to the business
more immediately and directly belonging to them. It in-
volves a corresponding increase in the incidental business;
such as communications to Congress and to committees,
correspondence with the other Departments, with district
attorneys, marshals, &c., and with individuals growing out
of our foreign relations.
Remarks.
It is to be observed that, whilst every addition to the dip-
lomatic list from our country or to it, is attended with an
increase in the written correspondence to be carried on by
the Department, it also lessens the time which can be given
to that correspondence by the head of the Department; for
the portion of his time which must be consumed in personal
coherences with foreign diplomatic agents, and with our
own going and returning, is thereby unavoidably increased.
The same is true, although it is a less absolute sense, with
respect to the consular list.
So also with regard to individuals having business with
the Department. Their numbers keep pace with the exten-
sion of the intercourse of our people with those of other
countries—an intercourse which extends even more rapidly
than does our population. Hence a daily augmentation not
only of the subjects to be attended to, but also the number
of persons who visit the seat of Government for the pur-
pose, or in the expectation of having business interviews
with the Secretary of State, to say nothing of those who,
apart from all matters of business, entertain the like ex-
pectation.
After what I have read I presume it will be use-
less for any man to argue against the proposition.
Here is the recommendation of the late Secretary
of State, (Mr. Buchanan,) made in an elaborate
form, after a close examination. And here is a
comparative view in relation to the State Depart-
ment in Great Britain and the United States. This
recommendation by Mr. Buchanan is followed by
an additional recommendation of the late Secretary
of State, (Mr. Clayton,) and is sanctioned and
recommended to the favorable consideration of
Congress by the present Secretary of State, (Mr.
Webster.) Now, can it be said that this propo-
sition is urged without due consideration ? Does
it not now appear that this matter has been thor-
oughly considered and scrutinized in all its bear-
ings ? I am sure that the Senate cannot think of
rejecting it. At any rate, I feel that I have done
my duty. I am perfectly willing to concur with
the two Secretaries of State who have examined
this subject, and who are men of such weight of
character as to entitle their suggestions to the ut-
most respect.
Mr. CLEMENS. I wish, if possible, to see
the paper which the Secretary of State has sent,
that I may know whether this is such an estimate
as the rule requires.
Mr. FOOTE. I will read it; it is very short.
The honorable Senator then read a communica-
tion of the date of January 21, 1851, from Mr.
Webster, calling attention to the recommendations
and estimates of Mr. Buchanan, and urging the
subject as worthy of immediate attention.
Mr. CLEMENS. I make a point of order, that
this amendment is out of order under the rule
which we have adopted. The rule is this:
" No amendment proposing an additional appropriation
shall be received to any general appropriation bill, unless it
be made to carry out the provisions of some existing law, or
| some act or resolution previously passed by the Senate du-
; rtns that session, or m pursuance of an e>timate from the
head of some of the Departments ; and no amendment Miall
be received whose object is to provide tor a private claim,
, although the same may have been previously sanctioned by
the Senate."
There is no estimate made in this case by any
Department.
Mr. POOTE. I have read the statement; and
Mr. Webster says that he perfectly concurs in
Mr. Buchanan's report, and that it embodies his
views.
Mr. CLEMENS. That makes no estimate.
Mr. FOOTE. Yes, it does.
Mr. CLEMENS. It was not made during th&
present session, as the rule requires. I have seen
no estimate at any time, and therefore I make the
point of order.
Mr. FOOTE. I must say that the Secretary of
State embodies, as part of his address to the chair-
man of the committee of the other House, the re-
port of Mr. Buchanan, which contains estimates.
Those estimates are reiterated by the present Sec-
retary of State; and, with his letter to us, he sends
the letter which he addressed to the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means in the other
House, and reiterates again everything contained
in the documents which I now have before me.
Now, if the whole includes all its parts, I think
this is in order under the rule.
The PRESIDENT. Will the Senator send to
the Chair the estimates which he relies upon?
Mr. FOOTE. I will send the report of Mr.
Buchanan, and the letter of Mr. Webster, which
I may perhaps say has been recently received, en-
closing all these documents, giving his sanction to
them, and requesting us to base our action upon
them. I think that is technically an estimate, and
1 must be so considered by the Chair. But if it is
opposed, nothing will be easier than to send to the
I Department, and get an estimate before this bill
can be disposed of.
Mr. CLEMENS. I wish to say, in reply to
the suggestion of the Senator from Mississippi,
that he is totally mistaken about his ability to send
to the Department and get the estimate now.
What do we understand by an estimate made by
the head of a Department ? It is an estimate made
to carry on an office already existing. He has no
i right to recommend offices to be created, and then
to make estimates.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair feels great re-
luctance in being compelled to decide this question,
inasmuch as he entertains the opinion that the
reorganization of the Department is necessary for
the transaction of public business. But on look-
1 ing at the rule and the papers already before him,
he can see no such estimate as comes within the
rule; and therefore he is obliged to decide that the
amendment cannot be received.
Mr. HUNTER. I acquiesce in the decision.
Mr. FOOTE. Well, if the chairman of the
Committee of Finance acquiesces, I have nothing
[ more to say.
1 Mr. HUNTER. 1 would suggest to the Sen-
' ator from Mississippi that there are many other
amendments to be proposed, and by the time
those are considered he may be able to arrange
this matter. There is another amendment report-
ed by the Committee on Finance, as follows:
" For the salary of the clerk in the General Land Office
employed upon the Chickasaw business, and hitherto paid
out of the Chickasaw fund, from March 1, 1851, to June
30, 185-2, j$l,?73; or so much thereof as may be necessary
to pay him at the rate of $1,400 per annum, and for any
services which the principal clerk of private land claims
may perform in relation to the Chickasaw fund, he may be
paid such compensation as has been heretofore allowed" out
of any- money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
which is hereby appropriated : Proutrfed, hou-cver, That
such compensation is to cease whenever the Secretary of
the Interior shall direct the services to be discontinued."
j The explanation of this amendment is this :
; We have two clerks. This relates to one who
was formerly employed upon the Chickasaw fund;
and by the act which has organized the Indian
Department, passed at this session, it is provided
that they shall no longer be paid out of the Chick-
asaw fund. The consequence is, we would have
to dismiss these clerks, who perform all the duties
of the Government, unless there is some appropri-
ation in the bill. The House did not decide that
they would not have to discharge the duties, but
that the cost of discharging these duties must be
i settled upon the United States Treasury, and not
! upon the Indians.
