1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
803
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I wish to ask the gen- j
tleman upon the Committee on Finance who has ,
charge of this bill, whether he has examined that J
treat v, and whether the committee have come to
the conclusion that all the money paid out of the
Chickasaw fund was illegally and improperly paid? i
If we condemn the payment heretofore made out
of the Chickasaw fund for the salaries of clerks,
we shall be laying the foundation for claims to
how many thousand dollars I do not know; but
there will be other Indians coming in to claim for
money thus illegally and improperly paid.
llr. HUNTER. Perhaps I did not explain
mvself perfectly. 1 did not mean to express any
opinion in relation to the treaty. I merely men-
tioned that in the Indian •bill, passed at this ses-
sion, it was provided that these clerks should no
longer be paid out of the Chickasaw fund. "What
the inference is, the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky is as well able to say as myself. The con-
sequence was, that these clerks were left without
any appropriation for their salaries, and yet the
duties which were heretofore performed will be as
necessary as before. The consequence is that
these men will be dismissed, and the duties be un-
performed, or the duties go on without pay. This
is in consequence of a previous act. of Congress
directing that they should be paid out of the
Chickasaw fund. 1 presume that the House acted
after due examination. It is not necessary to ex-
amine a treaty in order to ascertain the propriety
of paying the salaries of these clerks.
Mr. BELL. I would like to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Finance if he has
considered whether a proposition to suspend the
operation of that provision of the bill making ap-
propriations for the support of the Indian Depart-
ment to fulfill treaties for twelve months, and
which passed the Senate without any exami- :
nation, as he very well knows, would be in order
under the rule which he introduced? From the 1
examination which I have been able to give to
that provision,! think it will become very embar-
rassing in its operation; and if we had the power,
by any amendment of this bill or any other, to
suspend its operation for twelve months, I think
it would promote the public interest. I have heard j
of several particulars in which it will operate so !
as to produce great embarrassment, and from ;
some of the features of it I think it is not calcula-
ted to promote the public interest at all. I merely
rise to ascertain from the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance whether in his judgment such
a proposition can be introduced in this bill. I
understand the operation of the rule is to prevent
any appropriations beyond those specified in the
rule.
Mr. HUNTER. I know of nothing in the
rule which would prevent the offering of any such
amendment as the Senator from Tennessee pro-
poses. But in relation to the subject of the re-
organization of the Indian Department, I submit
if it be not too late to discuss that subject? It is
true that neither that bill nor any bills have been
examined with as much care as if they had been
sent here earlier. Some of the most important
bills have been sent to us but very recently; and,
working as the Committee on Finance may, it is
as much as they can do to present them in time
for the action of the Senate. We had the assist-
ance and the advice of the former Secretary of
the Interior, than whom no man is better pre-
pared to advise. I consulted the chairman and a
member of the Committee on Indian Affairs, [Mr.
Sebastian.] I also understood that this plan
was well considered in the House of Representa-
tives, and had the sanction of the Committee on
Indian Affairs there. It had the sanction of the
Committee on Finance, so far as we could exam-
ine it; and so far as I could take the sense of the
Committee on Indian Affairs, 1 understood they
approved of it. I apprehend that when the Sena-
tor from Tennessee examines that portion of the
bill, he will not find that it is calculated to produce
embarrassment. 
Mr. BELL. Which does the Senator mean?
Mr. HUNTER. That by which the Indian
Department was reorganized.
Mr. BELL. I do not know that it will be em-
barrassing, and perhaps it might be proper. But,
for one, I was not aware when that bill passed this
body; and presume that nobody here, when the
▼ote was given, knew that he was sanctioning
this new organization of the Indian Department.
There was but little time for consideration, either
for me or my coadjutors or colleagues on the Com-
mittee of Indian Affairs. I am satisfied of that.
But I am satisfied since, that it is not likely to
operate for the benefit of the public with a provis-
ion in the bill that no Indian agents are to be en-
gaged in making treaties except the Governor of j
Minnesota. I do not know what that exception :
was for, though I say nothing of the motives of
those who recommend it. I have the highest re- !
spect for the man who is at the head of the Indian
Bureau; but I think probably, like others, he is
liable to fall into mistake. I think perhaps the
Committee on Finance may fall into error, and I ,
think they have. I think it will not be for the
benefit of the public, though I would not assert
that it would not be a beneficial measure; nor yet
do I mean to say that, upon thorough examina- ,
tion, I would not approve it. But I see the incon-
venience and mischief which may grow out of it ,
in various quarters. I only inquired whether it
was not possible to alter this provision so as to
suspend the operation of it for twelve months ? I
would like to nave the Senator from Virginia con-
sider whether it would not be expedient to suspend
that law if we can do it. I am not certain that it
can be done. If the Chair has a decided opinion
upon that subject, I would like to have him give
it. I know the difficulty of repealing the law; but
can we not modify it? Ohn we not pass a supple-
mentary act? If we cannot do it by repealing it,
why can we not do it by an amendment? I want
the Senator from Virginia to think of it.
The PRESIDENT. The amendment before
the Senate is with regard to the compensation of
clerks.
Mr. BELL. I understand it, and it is one em-
barrassment in the operation of this bill which we
know little about. It is one embarrassment which
may arise; and hence it is that the Senator from
Kentucky has to call for information to know
what is the meaning of all this. It requires care
and consideration. That provision ought to have
been submitted to the careful consideration of the
Committee on Indian Affairs. I know my friend
from Arkansasalways thought there was no danger.
Although there was a construction of the provision
which did receive my assent, yet 1 was not aware
when the bill passed (he Senate.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. We really have here an
extraordinary spectacle. The Committee on Fi-
nance offers an amendment proposing to allow
salaries to make up for money heretofore taken
from the Indian fund. I get up to inquire why
this is to be done ? Was it wrong to pay this
money heretofore ? If we come to that conclusion
it follows that we must make up for the deficiency,
and pay to the Indians all the money which we
have taken for the same purposes. 1 call for in-
formation on the subject, and a gentleman on the
1 Committee on Finance says it will make no differ-
| ence. I have not looked into the treaty, and
whether the money was properly or improperly
paid to satisfy the claims of these clerks, but you
have by the organization of the Indian Department,
placed things in such a condition that now you are
bound to pay your own clerks. And then a
prominent member of the committee gets up and
says we passed that bill without anybody's know-
ing anything about it. This is really an extraor-
dinary state of things to go out to the country;
that we are legislating, knowing nothing about
what we are doing. Really I am ready to join
with the Senator from Tennessee in contending
that we should suspend that part of the bill till it
is better understood, especially if a prominent
member of the Committee on Indian Affairs did
not understand it at the time it was passed. We
have to act here often upon the reports of commit-
tees, we have to act upon faith in the recommend-
ations which they make to this body. But, sir,
it struck me as very extraordinary, when I first
heard the amendment read. What is the extent
of the liability we have incurred I do not know;
whether it be thousands or hundreds of thousands
nobody can tell.
There is another defect, and for the benefit of
i the country allow me to state it here. When I
was a member of the House of Representatives,
it was the duty of the committees who had charge
, of the appropriation bills to report them within
1 thirty days from the commencement of the session,
, and then theappropriation bills had precedence and
i priority over all other business. We had time
then to discuss the most important measures before
Congress, measures which our constituents like to
look into most of all, because they like to know
something about the appropriation of the public
money. But, for the want of a rule of this sort,
we have an appropriation bill, the civil and diplo-
matic bill, reported this morning, within two or
three days of the end of the session, and just as
soon as the report is made we are called to act
upon amendments before they are printed, and be-
fore we have time to commune with each other, or
can have an opportunity to consider anything; and
in this bill we are to dispose of hundreds of thou-
sands of dollars of the public money. Sir, I hope
these remarks may go to the country, and that
those whose business it is to give us appropriation
bills at an earlier period in the session may here-
after do so.
Mr. HUNTER. I want to know if the Sena-
tor from Kentucky applies his remarks to the Fi-
nance Committee ?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I do not; because the
chairman has just excused himself. I believe this
was reported from the House only a day or two
since.
Mr. HUNTER. Day before yesterday it was
given to us.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I say it grows out of a
disposition to put off these bills, and as a conse-
quence nobody has time to examine the Indian
treaty to see whether this money has been prop-
erly or improperly expended, and of course the
subject is disposed of without deliberation. What
is to be done in such an extraordinary condition of
things? I do not know what is to be done; I
leave it to wiser heads to say whether we ought
to introduce a resolution to suspend the operation
of the Indian bill or refuse the salaries.
Mr. GWIN. I agree with the Senator from
Kentucky that we are merely registering the edicts
of two committees of Congress—the Committee of
Ways and Means of the House and the Commit-
tee of Finance in the Senate. That no member
of the Senate out of the committee has an oppor-
tunity to examine the bills, and the members from
the new States cannot know what is to be done
for their States until the bills are forced upon them,
i We present a most extraordinary state of affairs,
and I want it to go to the country; I want it un-
I derstood by the country that Congress does- not
deliberate upon these matters of appropriation.
With regard to this particular amendment, it
provides for a most meritorious officer. It merely
provides for his receiving the compensation which
he has heretofore received. I think it is a most
meritorious claim, and I hope the general question
which the Senator from Kentucky has brought up
will not prove detrimental to this amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The following amendment was then offered by
Mr. HUNTER, and agreed to:
" For salary of a clerk in the office of the Secretary of
the Treasury, heretofore paid out of the Indian fund, from
1st March, 1851. to 30th June, 1852, ore* much aa may be
necessary, at $1,200 per annum, §1,600.71
"For a custom-house in Oregon, $10,000: Provided,
That the whole cost of the site and building shall not exceed
the sum herein appropriated."
Mr. HUNTER then offered the following
amendment:
" For clerk to the Commissioner of Public Buildings,
$800."
Mr. PEARCE. I beg leave to say a word to
i the Senate in relation to the necessity of this
clerk. The Commissioner, in former years, was
allowed a clerk. But some six or -seven years
ago, or perhaps eight years, the allowance for the
clerk was discontinued, I rather think for reasons
i personal with the then Commissioner of Public
Buildings. Now we have a Commissioner of
1 Public Buildings who, in the performance of his
duties, has felt compelled to employ clerks. It is
i a fact, that after making compensation from his
own salary to these clerks for services which
I must be rendered, his own compensation, which,
j by law, is three thousand dollars, is actually re-
' duced to about one thousand dollars. He is com-
pelled to pay these clerks out of the salary which
the law allows him, and the consequence is it is
reduced to about one third of that which the law
nominally allows. It is believed that the public
business, to be properly transacted, requires these
clerks. It is thought to be unjust and unfair that
the Commissioner should be required to pay thes 
salaries out of his own compensation. He is a
