1851.
THIS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBfi.
605
of the assistant and deputy collectors and principal ap-
praisers of the ports of Boston, New York, Philadelphia,
Baltimore, and New Orleans $2,500 per annum; and the
assistant appraisers of the ports of Boston,New York, Phil-
adelphia, and New Orleans shall each hereafter recceive
for his services $9,000 per annum: Provided, That the en-
tire expense of collecting the revenue shall not be increased,
the Secretary of the Treasury being hereby directed and
required to cause such a pro rata reduction to be made in
the number of persons and ill the fees now allowed by law
to officers employed in the collection of the revenue as in
his discretion may be just and expedient to an extent which
will provide the additional compensation hereby secured to
the said appraisers and assistant appraisers.
This is offered upon the recommendation of the
Secretary of the Treasury, and by direction of the
Committee on Finance. This class of officers has
been more poorly paid than any other in the ser-
vice of the Government.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am inclined to concur in all
that the Senator from Ohio has said, with the sin-
gle exception that I believe the office of deputy
collector is the most responsible office in all our
collection system, and that they are the poorest
paid of any in the whole system. And now it is
proposed to increase the salary of appraisers and
not that of deputy collectors. The deputy collect-
or is in fact the responsible man in the whole
office, and is even more responsible than the col-
lector of the port. He is the man who performs
all the duties, and if the amendment is adopted it
should include the deputy collectors. I move to
insert before the word "appraisers" the words
" deputy collectors."
Mr. EWING. There is no recommendation
from a Department for it, but I have no objec-
tion.
Mr. HAMLIN. I wish simply to say that the
Committee on Commerce have reported a bill in-
cluding both grades of officers.
Mr. SOULE. I think the committee is in error
in the denomination of the officers whose salary
It was intended to increase. The amendment
should have been " assistant collectors" instead of
"deputy collectors,"and the amount instead of
•'two thousand dollars" should be "two thou-
sand five hundred dollars." From intimations
which have come from the Treasury Department,
it is believed that amount would be sufficient to
meet the exigencies of the work to be performed
by these officers.
Mr. HAMLIN. I accept the suggestion of the
Senator from Louisiana, and move to amend by
inserting the words "assistant collectors" before
•the word *' appraisers.''
Mr. GWIN. I am entirely in favor of this
amendment, but it has not been estimated for by
the Department, and is out of order under the
rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bell in
the chair.) The Chair will state that the rule can
be waived by unanimous consent.
Mr. SOULE. I could satisfy the scruples of
the Senator from California by stating that there
must be here in the hands of some of the com-
mittees a communication from the Secretary of
the Treasury approving this appropriation. But,
however that may be, I hope the exigencies of the
case will lead Senators to do away with the rule.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
Mr. "WALKER. I ask to offer an amendment
to the amendment in relation to the collector of the
port where I reside:
" And the compensation of the collector and inspector of
the revenue  t the port of Milwaukie, in Wisconsin, shall
hereafter be the same as that of the eollector and inspector
of the customs at Chicago, in Illinois, and the same shall
be paid out of the sum appropriated for the collection of the
revenue. 
Mr. HAMLIN. That amendment should be
adopted. Last vear a port of entry was estab-
lished at that place. In 1831 there was a law
passed by Congress abolishing the fees upon the
western waters. It escaped the attention of the
Committee on Commerce that the bill creating that
office provided that the compensation should be the
fees and emoluments which pertained to the office
of collector under the general law. It was subse-
quently ascertained that the law of 1831, relating
to the fees upon the western waters, had been re-
pealed. Consequently you have an officer there
without any salary whatever.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. CLAY. As we are making appropriations
of hundreds of thousands of dollars, I have one
little amendment to ask, which I hope will meet
with general consent. We have an officer, a pub-
lic gardener, who 1 dare say contributes much to
the pleasure and gratification of the members of
both Houses of Congress. He was appointed long
ago, and it gave occasion for myself to make the
remark that I thought it one of the best appoint-
ments ever made by General Jackson. His busi-
ness is greatly extended. Instead of being con-
fined to the grounds around the Capitol and around
the President's House, it extends to the Smith-
sonian Institution, and indeed to almost the entire
space between the Capitol and the President's
House. His labors are increased, and his respon-
sibilities are increased. I think him a most excel-
lent gardener, and his salary is only $1,200 a year,
which 1 hope will be increased.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, [Mr. Bell.]
The question should be taken first on the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Ohio.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
Mr. CLAY. If my amendment is now in order
I will offer it, and I hope my speech will be re-
membered . I propose to increase the salary of the
gardener from twelve to fifteen hundred dollars
per annum. I hope it will obtain the assent of the
Senate. It is the only one which I shall offer.
The amendment proposed to strike out'' $1,200"
in line 9, page 35, and insert " $1,500."
j The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EWING. I have another amendment to
offer:
| " For the payment of the amount of a judgment recov-
! ered in the United States circuit court for the southern dia-
! trict of New York, with costs and interest thereon from
the 8th November, 1850, in a suit brought against Lieuten-
ant Colonel D. D. Mitchell, by Manuel Harmony, to be
paid under the order of the Attorney General, whenever the
judgment shall be by him considered final, $98,055 38."
I am directed to offer this amendment by the
Committee on Finance. It is made on an estimate
by the Secretary of the Treasury. I refer to the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
for an explanation of the case.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The case came
before the Committee on Military Affairs upon a
petition frojn Lieutenant Colonel Mitchell. The
facts of the case were examined heretofore by an-
i| other committee, and reported to the Senate upon
11 the petition of Mr. Harmony, and others. Upon
i i both examinations a report thereon was made. It
was showy to the Senate that Lieutenant Colonel
Mitchell acted under the order of Colonel Doni-
phan in the arrest of certain traders near to the
Mexican boundary, who were going to the Mexi-
can territory, in order to prevent goods from fall-
ing into the hands of the enemy. They were
conducted under the protection of the expedition
commanded by Colonel Doniphan to the point of
destination to which they were directing themselves
at the time of the arrest. It seems, also, quite
conclusively, that the trader lost nothing by the
arrest, but gained the protection of the troops. A
suit was brought, however, in the southern dis-
trict of New York, and, I think from great ne-
flect, and great defect of testimony which must
ave been produced by neglect, a judgment was
obtained against the officer for an amount of over
$90,000.
It appears in the evidence that Colonel Doniphan
was discharging a duty which properly devolved
upon him, and a power which was strictly within
the limits of his military commission. Lieutenant
Colonel Mitchell acted in strict obedience to the
order of his superior, Colonel Doniphan. There-
fore, whether the judgment be right or wrong, it
is clear that Colonel Mitchell, discharging a duty
which he was ordered to perform by his superior
officer in the Army of the United States, cannot
be left by the United States to suffer in his private
character for an official act thus done. I am in-
formed by the Solicitor of the Treasury that the
papers, which are very voluminous, are under ex-
amination, to see whether the case cannot be
brought up on a writ of error; and it is not de-
cided yet whether it shall or shall not. This ap-
propriation is made conditionally, to cover the
case in the event that it shall not be brought up on
a writ of error, or in the event that the decision of
the court below shall be sustained. Butitis hoped
that the decision, if brought up, will be reversed;
and that, therefore, there will be no money to be
paid. I have a letter from the Secretary of the
Treasury forming an estimate of this sum, which,
together with the letter from the Solicitor of the
Treasury in relation to the matter involved, I will
send to the Secretary, in order to relieve the Sen-
ate from the necessity of having it explained, per-
haps at a much greater length of time than it will
take to read them.
Mr. FOOTE. If there is no special desire for
the reading of them, I would move to dispense
with it.
Mr. EWING. I wish to say one word. There
was no neglect on the part of Colonel Mitchell, if
there was any neglect anywhere, that proper evi-
dence was not heard. He advised the Secretary
of the Interior that such a suit was brought against
him. Information was given me to satisfy me that
the United States ought to undertake his defence.
I accordingly instructed the Solicitor of the Treas-
ury to attend to the duty, and I have no doubt he
dia so. Directions were given to the district at-
torney and other officers of the United States in
New York to attend to the defence. Since that I
"heard nothing about it, until I was advised, not
long ago, of the recovery of the judgment against
Colonel Mitchell. He gave the necessary inform-
ation in the right quarter and requested that the
case should be defended.
Mr. CASS. This is a large amount, and I
should like to hear the letters read.
"Kir. DAWSON. I beg to make a statement in
relation to this claim. It is a claim no doubt well
calculated to appeal to the feelings of the Senate.
Th e statemen t is this: The papers have been before
me as one of the Committee on Military Affairs.
By the order of Col. Doniphan the wagon or train
belonging to Mr. Harmony, of the city of New
York, then within Mexico, was taken control of by
Col. Mitchell, and directed to go on in company
with Col. Doniphan. Not one particle of property,
goods, or team, were taken possession of by the
officers or used by them. The principle that I lay
down is this: If they had in their wagons ammu-
nition or things calculated to benefit the enemy,
which they had, Colonel Doniphan had a right to
take possession of the whole, under the rules and
regulations of war. But he did not do a single act
in violation of the rights of these American citi-
zens. They went to Chihuahua together, and
there Mr. Harmony had complete control of all
his property, and he sold his goods, amounting to
about $90,000, except about $10,000, that was
turned over by a contract between Mr. Harmony
and the Spanish consul there, for the benefit of Mr.
Harmony. Not one dollar's worth of the prop-
erty was interfered with, except as' it was con-
trolled, to keep it from falling into the hands of the
enemy. That is the statement of the case while
in Mexico.
Colonel Mitchell, who executed this order of
Colonel Doniphan, fonnd himself in the city of
New York in 1849. There he was sued in an ac-
tion of trespass, in one of the courts of New
York. The case was taken from the courts there,
under the statute of the United States, and trans-
ferred to the circuit court of the United States,
where it was defended, but not by Colonel Mitchell.
He notified the Government that the case must be
defended upon their part, and the former district
attorney put in the plea. The plea was that Colo-
nel Doniphan had a right to take possession < f
these goods; that if Mr. Harmony was one of our
citizens trading with an enemy with whom we
were at war, he was justifiable in taking then?;
but as he did not take them but they were ajl
converted to the use of the owner, he could
not be responsible. Colonel Mitchell gave no
other aid in the defence of this case save to notify
the Government of certain testimony which
would prove all these facts. The testimony w^s
not all procured; and the circumstances left it
upon my mind that there was a combination by
which the Government was to be at least involved
in a very heavy burden; for, notwithstanding tl e
amount of the goods was ninety thousand dollars,
all of which were sold by the owner, the judgment
recovered in the course of nine months was nine-
ty-five thousand eight hundred and odd dollar*,
for damages for the alleged trespass committed ,ljy
Colonel Mitchell under the command of Colonel
Doniphan. The point 1 take is this: If the taking
possession of these goods was in the discharge of
Colonel Doniphan's duty as a military command-
er, the Government would not be liable, nor would
Colonel Doniphan or Colonel Mitchell either. TJ e
points came then directly before the court upon
