1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
807
made in this way. The troops required supplies
from the country, and in addition to the goods he
sold directly to the Mexicans, he exchanged some
for supplies required by the Quartermaster's De-
partment, and in addition he received drafts from
the Quartermaster's Department. A small balance
of his goods remained when Doniphan left Chi-
huahua, which, as I am informed by Colonel
Mitchell, were turned over to the Spanish consul
there, and, as he believes, sold for the benefit of
Harmonv. I think, in point of justice, Harmony 1
was indebted to the United States for the protec-
tion given him, instead of the United States to him.
I think Colonel Doniphan had a perfect right to
order the arrest; and whether he had or not, Colo-
nel Mitchell was bound to obey it. There must be
a positive and palpable violation of right to justify
a subordinate officer to refuse to obey the com-
mand of the commanding officer. In doubtful '
cases he must execute the command. Lieutenant •
Colonel Mitchell having executed the orderof Colo- , i
nel Doniphan, the suit was directed against him. i
The remarks of my friend from Georgia were I
of such a character that other persons might infer !
that he had some doubt whether Colonel Mitchell
had not been in collusion with someone. There- >
mark made also, that Harmony had presented a |i
petition for the benefit of Colonel Mitchell, would '
■seem to confirm it. Harmony presented a petition
for his own benefit, for his own indemnity. That ,
there was no collusion between Colonel Mitchell
«nd Harmony is established by the fact that the
former gave the earliest notice to the Solicitor of
the Department, and sent witnesses to prove that
the latter had really lost nothing. He did not de-
fend the suit. He did not feel bound to do so. He
thought that he was merely the name through
which the United States was sued. The attorney
for the district of New York was ordered to de-
fend the suit. In the mean time that officer was
changed; the old appointment having charge of .
the suit, continued in charge of it, the present dis-
trict attorney leaving it in his hands. What the
nature of the defence was, and why he did not get
the evidence, I am not able positively to say. I I
think there was neglect. But I will suppose there
■was collusion for the sake of the argument. 1 will
suppose that the attorney, the judge if you please, j
the jury, were all in collusion, and a wrong judg- '
ment was obtained; shall Colonel Mitchell suffer ;
because of it, for ail act done in the service of the
United States, and for the benefit of the United
States—an act done in strict obedience to the or- i
ders of a superior officer ? I say we are bound to
protect Colonel Mitchell. It often occurs to offi-
cers upon the frontier that orders are given to ar-
rest persons going into countries which are pro-
hibited. Were these officers subjected to suits,
and if these suits were brought to trial in a neigh-
boring county, the chances are ten to one they are
mulcted in damages, and I have never yet known
the case where Congress did not pay the amount
found against the officer so acting.
I think my friend from Georgia, though I know
the labor he has bestowed on this case, is mista-
ken, when he says an appeal has been taken. I
think he relies upon a letter of the district attor-
ney to Colonel Mitchell. My information is from
the Solicitor of the Treasury, that they are engaged
in examining the papers to determine whether it
shall be brought upon a writ of error or not. My
information further is, that no points have been
exhibited upon which an appeal could have been
taken. The Attorney General considers this case
not to be decided as to whether it shall be brought
up on a writ of error or not. He is anxious to ,
bring it up. The Solicitor of the Treasury, in a '
letter addressed to me as chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, states that he has
not yet decided whether it should be brought
up on a writ of error or not. But suppose the
•object be to have an appeal: Lieutenant Colonel
Mitchell must make this appeal against the judg-
ment for $98,000. He must give surety to bring
the case on an appeal before the Supreme Court.
But few young men are able to give surety for
£98,000; and, if able, he may not be willing to
involve himself or his friends in go large an ;
amount. I will suppose, by way of illustration,
that his property is worth $40,000, and you put
to him the question, will you ask your friends j
to go security for £98,000, with all the hazards of
the suit, they being subject to that amount? or
will you allow the whole property you have, to
the value of (40,000, to be sacrificed ? This bill
gives him the power to bring the case up by an
appeal. It enables him to do it without involving
his friends in danger of pecuniary loss. That is
the legitimate object. I hold if the judgment can
be sustained, if this be proved to be a debt, if
Harmony's claim be sustained by the Supreme
Court, the United States is bound to pay the
money. If the judgment hao been obtained fraudu-
lently, it is in evidence that Colonel Mitchell did
all he could to prevent it, and therefore he is not '
censurable. i
I have before me two letters—one from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, estimating the amount,
the other from the Solicitor, in which he expresses
no opinion as to whether the case will be brought
up on a writ of error or not. Not longer ago than
yesterday the Attorney General expressed the de-
sire to have it brought up either on a writ of error
or on an appeal. I hope the judgment will be re- i
versed, for I believe the United States do not owe
one dollar. But whether it be brought up or not,
or whether it be reversed or not, the Government ,
is bound to protect this officer, for his official act
done in their service.
Mr. DAWSON. 1 stated the facts, and I have
the evidence with regard to Colonel Mitchell's
connection with this matter. He gave me his pri-
vate letters to show that he had no disposition to
encourage the recovery of this amount. I find
the following telegraphic dispatches:
"New York, December 19, 1850. To Colonel D. D.
Mitchell. Appeal taken, but bill of exceptions not yet set-
tled by Judge Nelson. Mr. Hall will write to Nelson to-day.
If bill of exceptions properly settled, we have no expecta-
tions of reversing judgment. JOHN MEDGE."
" New York, November 14, 1850. To Colonel D. D.
Mitchell. An appeal has been taken in the Harmony case.
You will get a letter by mail. J. PRESCOTT HALL."
" Washington, November 2, 1850. To Colonel D. D.
Mitchell. Not dt'cidcd yet as to appeal. Davis says come on.
"JNO. C. CLARKE."
Mr. SHIELDS. I shall not enter into a dis-
cussion of this case, but I feel it due to myself and
Colonel Mitchell, after the observations, I will not
say reflections, made by the Senator from Geor-
gia, to state that I have been fifteen years ac-
| quainted with Colonel Mitchell. He resides in the
I city of St. Louis, and a more honorable, a more
j honest, a more manly and upright man is not found
in the United States. And if the gentleman from
Georgia meant directly or indirectly to impute
any collusion or combination to him 
Mr. FOOTE. The Senator denied it.
Mr. SHIELDS. Yethislanguage'was of such
an equivocal character that every man would sup-
pose that he did.
Mr. DAWSON. I announced that I did not
impute anything to him, and in my last observa-
tion 1 stated, to show that he had no connection
with it, that he had even placed private letters in
my possession to show what had been his action.
Mr. SHIELDS. I am very glad that the gen-
tleman relieves him from any imputation, but I
: must confess that his observations in the first
instance were of such a general and equivocal
character, that every man who heard them would
be very apt to attribute general collusion between
him, the attorney, the judge, the jury, and the
witnesses. After the manner in which the case
has been presented by the Senator from Missis-
sippi, it is not necessary for me to go into the
facts. I care nothing for the facts. Here is a
judgment obtained against Lieutenant Colonel
Mitchell. Harmony has obtained that judgment
in a court of justice. If there is an appeal taken
from that judgment, and the judgment be reversed,
as I hope it may be, then it will neither go against
Colonel Mitchell nor against the United States.
But I have examined the record; the Solicitor has
examined the record; the Attorney General has
examined the record, and I will venture to say
that if an appeal is taken, the judgment will still
go against Colonel Mitchell. There is nothing on
the record from which or by which the Supreme
Court can reverse it. That is my opinion and
that of the Solicitor. Then the question comes to
this: Is this judgment to go against Colonel Mitch-
ell or the United States? It is not whether the
judgment was obtained rightfully or wrongfully.
A military column entering into a country to in-
vade it, will not permit goods and property of this
I kind to pass them and go to the enemy. And, sir,
I say now, and I care not what the judge said as
I his opinion, that if Colonel Doniphan had permit-
1 ted tnis man to proceed on to Chihuahua, at the
I head of hia invading column, he should harve been
] cashiered. No commander of an invading column
| will ever permit property of this kind to go at the
head of his column; so that Colonel Doniphan, if
i the judgment had gone against him, would not be
i responsible for one dollar of this money, and it
would be on outrage for the United States to per-
! mitit. Congress should not hesitate one moment
to relieve him from such a judgment. If thatprin-
i ciple is to stand, there maybe a hundred judg-
ments obtained against me. I have seized wagons,
teams, and teamsters, and never asked whether
they belonged to the United States or to Mexico.
I got the order and I seized them.
Now, take the case of Colonel Mitchell. I put
. it to honorable Senators and to the Senator from
Georgia. He was the second in command. Col-
onel Doniphan gave him the order to seize this
property. I do not care for what purpose the
property was seized. I want to know if Colonel
Mitchell dare disobey that order? If he had, he
would have been arrested and court-martialed,
and turned out of the service; and yet we are told
that this judgment is to go against him and he is
to be responsible. There is the judgment. My
opinion is that it will never be reversed. The
\ amendment to the bill, as I understand it, is a con-
i ditional one. If the case is not taken up to the
: Supreme Court it provides for the payment of the
| damages. If it is taken, and the judgment is re-
versed, there will be nothing to be paid. If, on the
; contrary, it is confirmed, then it provides for in-
i demnifying Colonel Mitchell. I do not wish to
j waste the time of the Senate, but to me the views
! presented by the Senator from Georgia are of such
a nature as to make it dangerous for an officer to
discharge his duty.
, Mr. DICKINSON. It is a very good reason to
criticise a claim because it is large, but it is no rea-
son for rejecting it. I agree with the Senator from
Mississippi in his conclusion, though not fully
' with regard to his premises. I had occasion to ex-
\ amine this claim some time ago in detail. My im-
' pression now touching the details of the case it
different from that suggested by the members of
; the Military Committee. My impression is that
; Harmony suffered far more detriment than is sug-
fested, from losing the market, from being delayed
y the seizure of his teams, and being turned out
of his course. ,
Mr. DAV IS, of Mississippi. The Senator from
New York is speakingof theinformation the Com-
mittee of Claims received when Harmony and his
: witnesses were before them. We have very dif-
ferent opinions, because we have the evidence of
the witnesses of Harmony and of Colonel Mitch-
ell. The Senator objects to my premises, but
agrees with my conclusion. If he will accept the
conclusion I will waive the premises.
Mr. DICKINSON. The Senator from Georgia
suggests that there was collusion somewhere.
Where? It could not have been on the part of
strangers, because they could not have colluded.
He exempts Colonel Mitchell entirely. Now who
is charged? Certainly, if any one, it must be the
officers of the United States; and that being a
matter of so grave a nature, I will not discuss it.
They ought to be impeached if they did so. Col-
onel Mitchell is exempt from it. No one else could
do it except these, because it seems the Govern-
ment notified the proper authorities, and they at-
tended to it. I go to the full extent. This officer
. should be indemnified. It is agreed on all sides
that he did his duty—nothing more, nothing less.
Judgment has been rendered against him. The
amendment provides that he shall not be paid
unless finally settled by the operation of law. The
courts in New York, except the courts of the
United States, had nothing to do with the case.
Harmony prosecuted as any other individual,
where he found the defendant. He war- a Spanish
subject, and had a right to travel there; and if the
United States found it for their interest to extend
the iron hand of military rule to him and his goods,
they must take the responsibility of it.
My recollection of this rase is very imperfect;
but I have no doubt that this officer should be in-
demnified. It is very easy to suggest a great
claim, a fraudulent claim; but it is very difficult to
i prove it fraudulent. It has been investigated by
i committees; it has been investigated before the
' circuit court of New York. It has been tried, not
hastily and imperfectly, but at great length, and
I decided against the United States.
