1861.
TM CONGRESSIONAL GLOM.
80#
that that judgment may be reversed. "We hope
that may take place. The amendment is worded
so lhat no payment shall be made until the Attor-
ney General shall be satisfied that such reversal
cannot take place, and that therefore the judgment
is absolutely final and irreversible.
I do not look upon this as a private claim.
Who claims money here ? Not Colonel Mitchell.
All he wants is to be let alone. It is a case in
which the protection of the Government is asked
by their own officer, who in executing his duty
under the orders of his superior incurred a liability.
That is all. It is not a private but a public claim;
and it is therefore not out of the rule. I look
upon it as regular, and think it in order. It is not
analogous to the case upon which the Senate vo-
ted the other day. That was an appropriation for
a telegraphic line from Missouri to ■California. It
was not recommended by a Department, and we
had no estimate. We voted that to be out of
order. But it can have no bearing upon this
proposition, as it has no analogy to it.
Mr. SHIELDS. I will not enter into the
question whether this amendment is in conformity
•with the rule or not, but I will ask the Senate to
consider these simple facts. The United States
has taken the management of this case into their
own hands; they would not allow Colonel Mitch-
ell to defend the case. When he informed the
Department, they sent their own attorney to man-
age it. Now the judgment is obtained against
Colonel Mitchell. He has some property, per-
haps $40,000. If relief is not given now it may
be too late, because the execution will issue, and
his property will be swept away under it.
Mr. BRIGHT. I believe the question is,
whether the decision of the Chair shaH stand as
thejudgment of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair withdrew his
decision and left the question to be determined
by the Senate.
Mr. BRIGHT. It amounts to the same thing
in fact. A vote in favor of sustaining the Chair
will be tantamount to a rejection of this claim from
the appropriation bill.
Mr. President, the rule -we adopted at the com-
mencement of the session either meant something
or nothing. Now, the object of that rule is very
obvious to my mind. It was to prevent the gen-
eral appropriation bills from being made a loadstone
to draw through every amendment presented here
during the closing hours of the session, in the
shape of a private claim; to relieve me, if you
please, and other Senators similarly situated, from
voting to take $90,000 out of the Treasury and
give it to an individual we know nothing about;
nor can we know anything about the merits of his
claim, except as detailed to us by other Senators
who have examined it, satisfactorily to themselves,
perhaps, but not so to many of us. Before I vote
to give any private individual $90,000,1 desire to
know the reasons, tlie facts, the data upon which
the claim is based, and I am unwilling to take the
mere opinion of Senators as to its validity. There
is a looseness in the character of legislation, dan-
gerous in the extreme. I recollect well when this
claim came to us in the shape of a private claim,
that the Senate refused to appropriate even 440,000.
1 ask whether lapse of time has given additional
merit to it? Has its character changed? Does
the fact that judgment has been rendered against
one of the officers of the United States impose a
liability upon the United States to pay that judg-
ment? I apprehend not. It is contended that
judgment -was rendered against an officer who
acted by authority of the command of his supe-
rior officer, and that judgment is now final. Is
there a Senator here who believes that that judg-
ment (in view of the facts we have had detailed
to us) is a righteous judgment? That if the pro-
ceedings had been directed against him personally,
and he had defended with that diligence and en-
ergy that individuals generally defend in such
cases, that the judgment would have been for the
defendant instead of for the plaintiff? Then,'sir,
with the Senator from Maine, I am opposed to an
appropriation for paying this claim at the present
time. I am in favor of taking this case through
every court in the United States having jurisdic-
tion; and if an appeal cannot be taken, let the
Attorney General prosecute a writ of error to the
bitter end.
I think there is a principle involved in this prop-
osition; a dangerous precedent is about to be es- |
tablished. The Chair is right in its decision. It
is right, for the protection of those who have not
examined into the merits of this case. It is right,
because it prevents hasty and inconsiderate legis-
lation; and, sir, without the enforcement of this
salutary rule, we might as well cease to resist the
flood of private claims that will be forced into this
bill.
Mr. HALE. When this claim was before the
Senate years ago I was favorably impressed with
it; but I simply rise now to make a remark in re-
ply to the suggestions of the Senators from Ohio
and Florida. They say it is not a private claim,
because it is a public obligation to pay it, because
it is a public debt. I suppose that is the ground
for the payment of every private claim. It is not
that it is a gratuity, but it is an obligation upon
the public to pay the money to a private individual
which constitutes a private claim upon the Govern-
ment. I am a little surprised at hearing these as-
tute lawyers saying it is not a private claim because
there is a public obligation to pay it.
Mr. FOOTE. Wnat is a public claim?
Mr. HALE. I suppose it is one growing out
of an application of it general law upon the Gov-
ernment, and not upon an individual. I think this
is a private claim; and for this reason I think this
case comes strictly within the rule which we have
adopted. When it was considered by the Senate
before, I was rather in favor of it. I think the
rule shuts out all private claims, and if this is a
private claim I must hold this man as I hold the
rest of mankind.
Mr. BADG-ER. I consider this amendment as
clearly not falling within the rule of the Senate
which precludes the offering of amendments With
regard to private claims. The gentleman from
New Hampshire says it is a private claim, because
motley is appropriated for the relief of a private
individual. If so, every claim which comes to
; the consideration of this body must necessarily be
a private claim. If this were a question relating
to the salary of a public officer, still the money
when it is paid must go to an individual who is to
receive it. This a publicelaam on this ground, as
; I conceive, and if it is not the true meaning of the
; rule, the sooner we abandon it the better. This is
| an obligation to Which an individual has been sub-
jected in consequence of the discharge of the duties
imposed upon him by law and by the orders of a
! superior officer, during the war with Mexico. In
, consequence of that only, and in consequence of
! no act done by him as an individual; not in conse-
quence of any transaction for Which his individual
character was concerned, but in Consequence of
what he did as a lieutenant colonel in executing
the orders of a superior officer, and UoMy on that
ground has the action been brought.
To give the rule such a construction as will pre-
1 vent a public officer from suffering wrong in the
discharge of his duty, is to give it an unreasonable
and unjust construction, and therefore not to be
supposed to have been intended by the Senate.
The Senator from Indiana [Mr. Bright] says that
he is for resisting it through all manner of appeals,
and then for resorting to a writ of error. An-
other Senator insists tfrat no appeal can be had;
that the judgment is given, and it is final unless a
writ of error is prosecuted. The object is to have
a writ of error prosecuted in the Supreme Court
of the United States. Without this, how is the
claim to be brought to the consideration of the
Supreme Court? If he brings a writ of error in
order to supersede the execution upon the judg- J
ment and to prevent the seizure upon the person j
or property, while a writ of error is pending,-what
must he do? He must give security for the 'pay-
ment of this $98,000. Without this appropriate n
he could not do it. Who will give it? No one
will do it, because the persons joining him will
lose if the judgment is final-against him. But pass
this appropriation, and then the "security will be
easily obtained; because, though he may be per-
sonally unable to meet the Surety, it will be under-
stood m fact that the Government is the real surety,
and will be liable if the prosecution is sustained.
Then you have a writ of error and can bring the
case to the Supreme Court of the United States
for its judgment. I believe the judgment is vi-
cious, and the construction of the court below is er-
roneous , and that the judgment will be reversed, and
I believe this public officer will be discharged from
all accountability in this'case. For that reason I
think the motion is perfectly in order, and that the
Senate owes it to itself, as a high consideration of
public duty, for the encouragement of officers who
are engaged in the discharge of public service, to
show that when that duty is done they will not be
liable personally for any obligation incurred to an
extent which may incumber their whole future
life with a debt whirh they cannot pay.
Mr. FOOTE. Had the Chair adhered to the
decision, I should have felt bound to sustain it, be-
cause, in my judgment, it was such as I thought
the Chair regularly announced. I have enter-
tained an opinion different from that of the Chair
as to his authority to withdraw a decision after it
was announced. But, inasmuch as the Chair has
thought proper to withdraw his opinion, the same
respect which would have induced roe to sustain
the Chair will induce me to look upon the rule as
a very rigorous one; and, as my mind has under-
gone many changes, on listening to the sugges-
tions made by gentlemen around me, on the
whole, though I was strongly prejudiced against
the claim at first, I have come to think that it is
an equitable claim, and I hope it will be granted.
Mr. WHITCOMB. I take it this is a private
claim; and in reply to the inquiry as to what is a
private claim, I take it that it is a claim against
one or more individuals. This is a private claim
of Colonel Mitchell on the United States, to in-
demnify him for his losses. That is all I desire
to say on that point.
As to the question whether the judgment is
final, the amendment on its face assumes that it is
not final. The amendment provides that the mon-
ey shall not be paid till it is the opinion of the At-
torney General that the judgment is final. Almost
every One admits that Colonel Mitchell did not at-
tend to the claim personally, as he ought to have
done. I believe he is a pure individual; but I say
he did not act correctly when he sent to the exec-
utive government to aid him; that he did not stay
and attend to the trial, and aid the officers of the
Government. I do not wish to hold out induce-
ments to other officers who are not possessed of
his purity of character. I believe it would be a
bad course to pursue, and will ultimately lead to
disastrous consequences.
Mr. BORLAND. I shall not discuss the mer-
its of this claim. I think that has nothing to do
with this question. The question is, whether the
rule which we have adopted excludes this appro-
priation ? 1 think it does, for two reasons. The
| first is, that this is a private claim, as has been
: clearly shown by the remarks made by other Sen-
i ators, which I will not repeat; and, secondly, b«-
5 cause it is not one of the estimates made by any
1 Department which have been sent to the Senate.
I understand an estimate to be one made out by a
; Department and sent to the Senate. This is no
j such estimate. The only estimate is in a letter
from the Secretary of the Treasury to the chair-
[ man of the committee, not recommending, as I
! understand, or declaring it to be at all necessary,
but simply stating what will be the amount re-
quired to cover the claim, if the Senate choose to
pass it. The estimates referred to under this rule
I understand to be estimates for public purposes,
required by the United States Government for the
purpose of carrying on the operations of the Gov-
ernment, which the Departments have ascertained
to be -necessary, and which not only state the
amount, but recommend the passage of the act.
I do not understand the Secretary of the Treasury
to make any such recommendation.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I will correct the
Senator with regard to this letter. It was ad-
dressed to myself as chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs, before whom the petition for
the relief of Colonel Mitchell was pending. I wDl
read the letter:
Treaicry Dbpahtmekt, February S7,1831.
Sir : It has been made known to this Department flint
a ludpnent has been rendered asninst Lieutenant Colonel
Mitchell in the Circuit Court of the United States fbr the
southern district of New York, in a suit broueht against him
individually for acts done, by him as a Lieutenant Colons]
in the military service of the United States during the late
war with Mexico, and performed by him in *nod faith, and
in obedience to the orders of his superior officer. I under-
stand that it will require ®97,000 to cover the amount of this
judgment and the costs and expenses consequent thereon ;
and I have the honor to request and recommend that an
appropriation of that amount may be made for that purpose.
Very respectfully, yout ohedient servant,
THOMAS CORWIN,
Secretary af the Treantry.
Bon. Jefferson Davis,
Chairman Committee Military Affair*, Sitatt.
