810
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 28,
Mr. BORLAND. I did not refer to the letter
to the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs when I spoke of the letter of the Secretary
of the Treasury, for I apprehend that letter to the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
could not be construed to be an estimate coming
within the meaning of the rule. My reference was
to a letter to the Committee on Finance—the com-
mittee having charge of the appropriations. I do
not think the Senate will understand that a let-
ter coming from a Department to the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs, and not to the
Committee on Finance, to be within the nature of
an estimate. I repeat, that my determination to
vote to exclude this under the rule has no refer-
ence whatever to the merits of the claim; for I do
not hesitate to say that, as far as Colonel Mitchell
is concerned, he is a meritorious officer and is en-
titled to this relief.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I would be sorry
to see the Senate give a construction to this rule,
such as is given by the Senator from Arkansas,
which would effect not only this case but many
others. The Committee on Military Affairs has
charge of subjects of this kind, especially con-
nected with the Army. The Senator thinks it is
an error to act upon estimates contained in letters
sent as these have been. If it is ail error it is a
great pity this construction had n#t been given
before, that some blank forms had not been issued,
so that the Secretaries might know in what exact
form the estimates should be made. I had sup-
posed that an estimate was a statement of the
number of dollars necessary for a particular pur-
pose.
Mr. HUNTER. I always supposed an esti-
mate made in a letter would be considered as an
estimate.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I am glad that
that is the construction put upon it by the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance. If the con- '
struction which the Senator from Arkansas puts
upon it is correct, other appropriations will fail
because they have been based upon estimates
made from letters sent to that committee. I have
been no friend of these new rules which have been
introduced into the Senate. We understood our
old practices pretty well, and I hope we shall be ;
willing and able to get along without new rules. \
This introduction of new rules seems to lead to
great embarrassments. I
But it has been argued that this is a private
claim, for the benefit of a private individual. An
officer in the discharge of his duty is not fairly to
be so considered. What did it matter to Lieuten-
ant Colonel Mitchell whether this trader went to
the enemy, and whether his property fell into
their hands or not? It was a matter of concern to
him only as he desired to protect his country from
wrong, and the duty devolved upon him only as
an officer of the Government. When the suit
was instituted Government took charge of it, and
judgment was rendered against him as an agent of
the Government; but it was understood that the
judgment was not actually against him; and he
did not defend it as an individual whose private
property was involved. He could not have ex-
pected such a judgment. He did all exsept giving
his personal attendance to prevent the decision
against the United States, and he could not doubt
that if the judgment should be rendered against
him he would be upheld by the law for his protec-
tion. Nothing now remains except a writ of error,
and that writ of error is worthless unless he can get
n writ which will supersede the execution. That
he cannot do unless he can get security, and it is
unfair to expect him to find that security unless
you first interpose this ultimate protection. If
you are really in earnest, if the Senate does actu-
ally desire to have this matter brought to the Su-
preme Court and defended, this is the first and
necessary and proper step. It will be improper
to throw it upon an individual who is not able to
give the security, and if an execution is issued,
his property will be sacrificed, and his eredit lost:
and I ask, if you get the whole hereafter, how
you are to make up the loss to him' Will you
hereafter claim that you had no right to step be-
tween him and the execution?
The PRESIDENT. The question is whether
the amendment comes properly under the rule.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. If my remarks do
not apply properlv to that question, I will stop.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair has stated that
he is desirous that the Senate shall decide this
question.
Mr. BERRIEN. I desire to say that, notwith- '
standing the difficulty which is felt by the Senator j
from New Hampshire, I concur entirely with the
Senator from North Carolina in the belief that this
is in the nature of a public obligation, and not
within the description of a private claim, as under-
stood under the rule. Sir, if it be true that the
United States are bound to indemnify this officer,
who subjected himself to loss while acting in an
official character, the United States are the real
substantial parties in this case at the instance of
Harmony; and Colonel Mitchell, who performed
the act in the exercise of his authority as an offi-
cer of the United States, merely occupies the place
which the United States, under their obligations
to indemnify him, are bound to take. This is
not a case of Manuel Harmony against Lieuten-
ant Colonel Mitchell as an individual, the reim-
bursement of which would make it of the nature
of a private claim, but it is a case against Colonel
Mitchell as ail officer of the United States; and, if
he has acted within the instructions of his orders,
the United States is bound to repay him.
But I beg to say to the Senator from Missis-
sippi, [Mr. Davis,] that the object he has in view
of protecting this man from the operation of the
judgment cannot be obtained by the process which
lie has proposed. The time has elapsed within
which a writ of error by supersedeas can be sued.
A writ of error by supersedeas must be sued within
ten days after the judgment is rendered. It is too
late to prevent the operation of the judgment in
this case. There is therefore no object which will
be accomplished by this amendment, unless it be
to express the determination of the United States
ultimately to indemnify this individual. r
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will state that j
the question is whether the amendment will be j
received.
Mr. BERRIEN. I yield the floor.
Mr. RUSK. The mischief in this case is not
in the rule. The rule expressly excludes a pri-
vate claim, and this clearly is a private claim, all
the reasoning in the world about his being a public
officer to the contrary notwithstanding. The judg-
ment has gone against him in his private capacity.
What will be the practical operation if we sustain
this view? It will be that every claimant who con-
siders that he has just as much claim as Colonel
Mitchell, will go to the Secretary for an estimate
to ascertain the amount. The amount in this case
has been ascertained by a judgment of the court.
That may have been done in other cases. I have
one just such case as this in my charge.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, the Senator
from Texas says the fault is in the rule, and that
the whole difficulty arises out of that. It was not
to be supposed that any rule which could be in-
troduced that related to so large a class of the
business which is presented to the Senate, could
be executed without some difficulty at first. In
my opinion there is no fault in the rule and no
difficulty in relation to it, beyond what might
reasonably have been expected from it. It is a
rule very similar in principle to one which has
been adopted and practiced upon in the House of
Representatives, and which has proved to have
been very salutary in its consequences upon the
legislation of that body.
I know there is a difficulty in ascertaining what
are private claims. Here lies the whole difficulty
in the present instance. The rule is specific, and
it excludes private claims, whether they may have
been sanctioned by the single action of the Senate
before, or whether they may be estimated for by
the head of a Department. The whole question
then is, what is a private claim? In the House
they have settled the matter, as I understand, by
a course of judicial interpretation, if I may so say;
that is, by a long course of precedents. But there
is one distinction which it seems to me would strike
everybody in relation to this matter. A claim
which involves an obligation between theGorern-
ment and a public officer, it seems to me, is not
and cannot be regarded as a private claim, although
it may be for the benefit of an individual. If it is
founded on a law passed by both Houses of Con-
gress and sanctioned by the President, it cannot
be a private claim. But a claim which does not
refer to the liability of any public officer, or which
is not founded upon some law of Congress, is, I
apprehend ,ja private claim. The question iu rela-
tion to the point of order then is, does this claim
come within the principle of a private claim ? I
think it does not. It is a matter which arises out
of an obligation of the Government to a public
officer, out of a matter of official and public duty.
It is very different from a claim which would
arise out of some equity which an individual
might choose to establish against the Government
because of some wrongful act on the part of the
officers, or because of some loss sustained by the
action of the Government. There would seem to
be an obvious propriety why such claims as this
should he admitted, particularly when thev are
estimated for by the heads of Departments. 'They
are to some extent the judges of what are the
duties of public officers, and what are the obliga-
tions of the Government to these public officers,
and, being so, they may well estimate in relation
to this matter. It seem3 to me that here is one
distinction, I will not say it is the only one, which
shows the difference between a public and private
claim. In a transaction between the Government
and a public officer, arising out of a matter of pub-
lic duty, it seems to me the claim is public and
not private.
Now, in relation to the objections suggested to
the rule by the Senator from Texas. He says
that every claimant will try to get the head of a
Department to estimate for a claim in this way,
and thus gain an advantage through the heads of
the Departments. If we look to the distinction
which I have drawn between public and private
claims, this could not be done; but are we to sup-
pose that the head of the Department would lend
himself to such things? This malter was thought
of at the time the bill was framed. I consulted
friends on both sides of the House in relation to
it, and it was suggested that it was indispensable
to allow an amendment to be offered at the sugges-
tion of the head of a Department, because per
chance an Administration might be in a minority,
and if it was in a minority it could not present its
propositions unless the rule permitted amend-
ments to be offered estimated by the heads of the
Departments, and thus permitted friends of an
Administration to offer amendments on the faith
of the estimates. That portion of the rule seems
to me to be essential. I do not believe that in the
end it will lead to any mischief. I believe the
rule itself has proved to be a valuable one, and will
be more valuable as the matter shall be settled by
precedent and the interpretation of the Senate.
I think the distinction which I have sought to
establish between a private and a public claim is a
just one. If it be a just one, then this amend-
ment is in order. Objection has been made to this
because it is said there has been no estimate for
it; but there has been an estimate. The chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs has
produced an estimate, and there was one which I
was so unfortunate as to lose yesterday, winch
will account for a fact which seems to have struck
some gentlemen with surprise. The clerk of the
Committee on Finance, at the request of some
member of the committee, wrote to the Secretary
to know what his estimate was, as the original
one had been lost. Therefore it was in answer
to this letter that the estimate was made which
has been read to the Senate.
Mr. WIIITCOMB. I would ask the honorable
Senator from Virginia how the case would stand
if this officer, or any other officer, had committed
a trespass on a private individual without any pre-
tence whatever that he was advancing the pub'ic
interests? I presume it would not be pretended if
he were sued and judgment recovered against him
in that case, and he were to think proper to pret* r
a claim to the Congress of the United States for in-
demnity, that it was not a private claim. I presume
all would admit that it would be a private claim.
How are we to know that this case does not come
within the category of private claims : It is a matter
to be determined. It is a matter infuiuro. In all
deference to the Senator, I think he is begging tie
question when he attempts to make out that th.s
is not a private claim. It seem* to me th.it it is a
private claim, and therefore is not admissible un-
der the rule
The PRESIDENT. The question wi'l be put
to the Senate whether, under the rule which thev
have adopted, the amendment can be off-red and
received.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted as follows:
