1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
811
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Ber-
rien, Clarke, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Mississippi,
Dickinson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Ewing, Foote, Greene,
Gtrin, Hunter, Jones, Miller, Morton, Pearce, Rrintoul,
Shields. Smith, Wales, and Yule.—'24.
NAYS—Messrs. Borland, Bradbury, Bright, Cass, Chase,
Dan-son, Dodge of Iowa, Downs, Felch, Hale, Hamlin,
Houston, King, Norris, Rusk, Sebastian, Sturgeon,Turney,
Underwood, Walker, and Whitcomb—21.
So it was decided that it -was in order to intro-
duce the amendment.
Mr. BRIGHT. I move that the Senate now
adjourn.
Mr. DAYIS, of Massachusetts. I would be
obliged to the Senator if he will withdraw the mo-
tion for a moment.
Mr. BRIGHT. T will withdraw it if the gen-
tleman will renew it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I will. I de-
sire to give notice to the Senate that, at the earliest
moment I can obtain the floor, 1 shall ask the Sen-
ate to take up the bill making appropriations for
the improvement of certain rivers and harbors. I
give this notice so that gentlemen may act accord-
ingly. I now, in accordance with my promise,
renew the motion to adjourn.
Mr. FOOTE. I wish to state that there is very
important executive business to be disposed of,
and I shall ask the Senate at the earliest period to-
morrow to go into executive session.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
Mr. MASON. Itwasmyfortunetobeat the head
of the Committee of Claims at the last Congress,
and to pass upon the claim of Harmony, which
is the subject of this amendment. I found that,
during the Mexican war, the Government had in-
terposed its arm and had seized the property of a
citizen, and converted it to its own use for military
purposes, and ruined him, or very nearly ruined
him. The claim was examined by the committee
with a great deal of care, and it was reported upon
favorably to the Senate. I do not recollect what
action was had in the Senate upon the bill. I re-
member there was a contest on it, but I do not
remember whether it was finally passed or not. I
heard nothing more of the claim, but I saw in the
newspapers that the claimant had abandoned Con-
gress, as well he might, and had brought his ac-
tion in the courts of New York, against the officer
who, in the discharge of his duty, had inflicted
this wrong. 1 understand, too, that the court in
New York pronounced a judgment in his favor,
which is the subject of this amendment, and which
has been decided by the Senate to be in order as
an amendment to this bill. I was satisfied of its
justice. Its amount I do not recollect. I am free
to say, that, although this claimant, who is a New
Yorker or a Spaniard, was personally a stranger
to me, I was struck with his good sense and pro-
priety in abandoning his position here as a suppli-
cant to Congress, and seeking redress by law.
Now, although it is very true that in the organi-
zation of this Government the judgment of the
courts is not binding upon the United States, yet
if he has got a judgment from the courts, I do not
know that there can be stronger evidence of the
validity of the claim. I shall therefore vote with
pleasure for the amendment.
Mr. BRIGHT. The speech which has been
made by the honorable Senator from Virginia, and
that made by the honorable Senator from Missis-
sippi, [Mr. Davis,] a few moments since, show
the folly and injustice of forcing gentlemen to vote
on private claims, under the circumstances we are
now called upon to vote for this. The honorable
Senator from Virginia states that, as chairman of
the Committee of Claims, he examined this case
two years ago, and found it to be a case of strong
merit; that the strong arm of the Government had
been interposed between this private citizen and
his property, and the property taken and converted
to the use of the Government. The honorable
Senator from Mississippi a few moments ago,
stated that he had examined the case from begin-
ning to end, and he read from evidence he had
before him, but he did not understand that the
Government ever appropriated to their own use
one dollar of this individual's property without
paying for it. Ke put the claim on another and
entirely different ground.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I cannot claim to
have examined this matter in full from beginning
to end. The evidence, as I stated, holding the
letter from the Solicitor of the Treasury in my
hand, was very voluminous, and the Solicitor was
not able to have it copied and sent to the commit-
tee at the time he sent the record. There is cer-
tainly a very great difference of opinion between
the Senator from Virginia and the report which
was made to the other House of Congress. That
this officer committed an act of injustice, that this
individual, on account of the delay and reluctance
of Congress to do him justice, has been driven to
the courts, sounds strangely in my ear. This case
came before Congress, and the Senator from Vir-
ginia was one of a committee who, with ex parte
evidence, reported a bill in favor of the claimant.
The committee of the House of Representatives
examined the matter, probably with a little more
investigation of witnesses, and they reported ex-
actly the reverse of the opinion which the honor-
able Senator states that he entertains.
Several Senators. The House committee re-
ported in favor of the claimant.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I know they re-
ported in favor of the claim, but, as I said before,
they reported exactly the reverse of what the Sen-
ator from Virginia states as his opinion. They
set forth that, in making the seizure complained
of, Lieutenant Colonel Mitchell acted in obedience
to the orders of Colonel Doniphan, his superior
and commanding officer. The same fact appears
in the trial at New York. The same report says
that Colonel Doniphan was fully justified in taking
the responsibility of seizing the property, and that
both Colonel Doniphan and Colonel Mitchell, the
one in ordering and the other in making the seiz-
ure, acted in the honest conviction that it was ne-
cessary to secure the safety of the troops under
their command. The Solicitor of the Treasury
says that to his mind that fact has not been ques-
tioned. In winding up his letter in relation to this
matter, he says:
" So far as the action of Congress is concerned In con-
sidering the propriety of passing a bill for the relief of Colo-
nel Mitehell, it is of little consequence, I apprehend,
whether a writ of error be brought or not, as I am informed
that Colonel Mitchell asks Congress to protect him from
any judgment which may be ultimately rendered against
him. If, upon a full examination of the whole case, it shall
be deemed proper to take it to the Supreme Court, and the
judgment should be reversed, then, for the time being, there
would be nothing for the act for Colonel Mitchell's relief to
rest upon. If, in the event of a reversal of the judgment, a
venire de novo be awarded, and a second verdict and jiidg-
I ment be rendered against him, the act would still stand be-
I tween him and all harm. If, on the other hand, it shall be
I decided by the law officers of the Government that there
! was no misdirection of the judge on any point of law, and
I that, therefore, the prosecution of a writ of error would be
unavailing, then the act would immediately relieve Colonel
i Mitchell from the anxiety and embarrassments whirh he
must necessarily feel in consequence of the existence of
this large judgment against him."
This letter of the Solicitor shows that he has the
matter under, consideration, with a view to bring
it up on a writ of error. The Senator from Vir-
ginia must have learned from gentlemen opposing I
this claim in this debate that they believe the
judgment is wrong and should never have been
obtained; and it has been charged, by one who
has examined it and has private letters on the sub-
ject, that it was brought about by collusion. I
think it is very evident that if there has not been
collusion there has been great neglect. This is
not the time nor the occasion to argue the conduct
of the court. The question is not now whether
Harmony was injured or not; the question is
whether the Government will protect an officer
who has done his duty, and merely his duty, from
the operation of an execution which would be ru-
inous to him ? That is the whole question which
the Senate has before it. 1 will again state that if
this amendment be adopted it will go in aid of the
further examination of the case before the Supreme
Court, while it serves also to protect the officer.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have succeeded in affecting
all that I desire—showing the difference of opinion
existing between the friends of this amendment—
and I now move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate ad-
journed.
IN SENATE. j
Saturday, March 1,1851.
A message was received from the President of I
the United States, sent in compliance with a reso- 1
lution of the Senate of the 16th ultimo, requesting
information touching the diffisulties between the j j
British authorities and San Salvador, transmitting j
a report from the Secretary of State, with accom- , I
panying documents, containing all the information
in the Department.
The communication, on the motion of Mr. DA-
VIS, of Massachusetts, was ordered to be printed.
CREDENTIALS OF MR. BAYARD.
Mr. WALES presented the credentials of the
Hon. James A. Bayard, chosen a Senator by the
Legislature of Delaware for the term of six years,
commencing the 4th day of March next; which
were read.
MEMORIALS.
Mr. WALES presented a memorial, signed by
the Governor of the State of Delaware, Speaker of
the Senate, and members of the Legislature, ex-
pressing a feeling of deep interest in the establish-
ment of the line of steamers to Africa, as recom-
mended by the Committee on Naval Affairs in the
House of Representatives, and earnestly recom-
mending that the bill, as there reported, may meet
the favorable consideration of both Houses of Con-
gress; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Also, a memorial from citizens of Delaware
engaged in agricultural pursuits, remonstrating
strongly against the passage of the bill proposing
a reciprocity in the exchange of certain agricultural
products between Canada and the United States,
considering it a measure decidedly opposed to their
interests and the interests of agriculturists gener-
ally, and its evils in no way compensated by the
bonus offered in the free navigation of the St. Law-
rence; which was ordered to lie on the table.
CONSTRUCTIVE MILEAGE.
On the motion of Mr. PEARCE, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of the bill to amend
an act entitled "An act allowing compensation
to the members of the Senate, members of the
House of Representatives of the United States,
and to the Delegates of the Territories, and repeal-
ing all other laws on that subject.
Mr, PEARCE. Mr. President, I beg leave to
detain the Senate for about five minutes, while 1
explain the motives which led me to introduce this
bill. The compensation of members of Congress
was fixed by the act of 1818. That act provided,
besides the ordinary per diem allowance for at-
tendance upon the sessions of the Senate and House
of Representatives, that Senators should be al-
lowed compensation at the rate of eight dollars for
every twenty miles, estimating the distance by the
most usual route from their place of residence to
the seat of Congress, at the commencement and
end of every such session and meeting; and the
first section of the act declared that this should be
the rule at every session of Congress, and at every
meeting of the Senate in the recess of Congress,
after the third day of March, 1817. For many
years no construction was given to this act under
which any member of the Senate received com-
pensation in the way of mileage, as it is usually
termed, at the called session of the Senate, upon
the commencement of a new Administration. But
in the year 1841 such a construction was given to
it as that a member of the House of Representa-
tives, whose term had just expired, received his
mileage upon being transferred to the Senate by
the appointment of his State Legislature. And in
the year 1845 the Vice President of the United
States gave a construction to this act, and filed a
written opinion, drawn up with great ability, in
which he gave it as his decided conviction that all
members of the Senate were entitled to these al-
lowances, usually called mileage, at the commence-
ment of each called session, or every four years.
That construction was repeated by the presiding
officer of the Senate some four years afterwards,
and, upon being submitted to the consideration of
the members of the Senate most eminent as ju-
rists—and 1 will beg leave to say, most eminent
for their purity of private character, disinterest-
edness, and strict integrity—it was found that
they entertained the same opinion which had
been declared by the presiding officers of the Sen-
ate. Under this construction, members received
what has commonly been called constructive mile-
age, though, as I think, this was nothing more
nor less than the compensation allowed by the law
of Congress. There were some members, how-
ever, who entertained doubt upon the matter, and
the opinion prevailed to some extent in the coun-
try that even if this construction of the act were a
legitimate one, the effect of the construction was
