812
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
not in contemplation by the Cramers of the art.
An on'nson also prevailed that this compensation
was oat ot" proportion to that which wjk allowed
to members of the Senaie at the regular session of
Congiess, there bem~ no adequate services for
these al'ow.m. es, which 111 some ca-ies were large,
while 1.1 other* they were v.eiy small.
I.i the other H > is?—t do not speik of what
has bee i done this session—irreat jealousy has
prevailed up mi this subject. They have attempted
to force the Sena'e to relinquish these legal allow-
ances, (for such I consider them,) by amendments
pat uuon the appropriation bill; an«! we know that
the pas*a\re of the appropriation bills has been en-
dan^e -ed, and may be endangered, in consequence
of the different opinions between the Senate atul
House. However unjustly the reproach mav have
bee.i thrown upon members of the Senate in con-
sequence. of their accepting this mileage, I think
Senators cannot be insensible to the propriety and
nec:ssity of a due regard for their own dignity,
and to the importance of avoiding any imputation,
however unjust, which may impair their dignity
or dimmish the confidence which the country has
hitherto reposed in the purity and disinterestedness
of the Senate. I am satisfied that every member
of the Senate here would disdain a construction
which is merely applied to his seif-interest—I am
satisfied that every member of the Senate desires
not only that the Senate should be pure, but that
it shall be set free from the remotest suspicion of
anything that can throw astain upon its reputation.
I trust, therefore, that the Senate will not hesitate
to take the initiative in this matter, and put it be-
yond the possibility of any cavil whatever, and
vindicate their character from any reproach that
may, justly or unjustly, on this account be attached
to them. The bill simply provides that the com-
pensation Senators shall receive at these called
sessions shall be no other than the ordinary per
diem allowance, except in cases of a Senator taking
his seat upon such an occasion for the first time.
I hope, sir, after this explanation, that the Senate
will not hesitate to order the bill to be engrossed,
read a third time, and passed.
Mr. FOOTE. I do hope, without further dis-
cussion, that this bill may be passed.
Mr. WALKER. Mr. President. I believe this
bill has not passed the ordeal of any committee,
but has now got into Committee of the Whole
somewhat strangely. I move to refer the bill to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BUTLER. I hope not. It is a delicate
subject, and no committee ought to be required to
pass upon it. It ought to be considered in the
Body of the Senate.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, will the Senate do
me the favor to listen to a few words of advice
from an old man, and one who took his seat in
this body many years since—a long time before
many that I now see around me? Sir, 1 have al-
ways had a profound respect for the Senate. It
is worthy of it, from its high constitutional pow-
ers, and from the importance of the functions with
which it is invested. It ought to preserve inviolate
the public confidence. I hope it will do so. But,
Bir, allow me to say, that of all the causes of the
withdrawal or impairing of public confidence,
either in men or in bodies, none is so likely to pro-
duce an injurious influence as the assumption or
presumption that the body or the individual acts
from selfish, interested, or sordid motives. Sir, I
■was a member of the House of Representatives,
and the presiding officer of that House, when the
act of 1818 was passed; and I take upon myself to
sxpress the confident belief that not a solitary
member of that body ever supposed that that act
was susceptible of the construction which has been
subsequently given to it, by which, without travel-
ing at all, upon mere constructive travel, lar?e
allowances have been made out of the public
Treasury. I am perfectly sure not a member ever
intended that the law should have that operation.
I do not mean to take up the question what is the
true interpretation of the act of 1818. I think it is
susceptible of the two interpretations which have
been given to it by different minds. My mind in-
clines to that which is in opposition to the inter-
pretation which it has received from a late presiding
-officer of the Senate. But with respect to the past,
let us consider it as past. With respect to the in-
terpretation which has been given to the law, right
or wrong, let it pass without further animadversion
or notice. But at the same time let us do whatever
we can to recover it, if we have in any degree lost
the public confidence by the use made of that in-
terpretnuon of the law to which I have referred.
Sir, we know that the other branch of the Le-
gislature, at the last session, passed a restriction
upon this mileage act. Weknowtheconsequenc.es
to which it led. We know that it came very near
stopping the wheels of Government by the defeat ,
of the appropriation bill. i
I have not looked at the appropriation bill which j
the flouse have sent us, but I understand the pres-
ent appropriation bill contains asimilarrestriction.
Now, sir, I agree with the mode that has been
proposed by the Senator from Maryland, [Mr.
Pearce,] to obviate this difficulty. It is the most
regular, the most correct, and the most conforma-
ble to the dignity and character of the Senate.
Let us legislate now, and not wait, when there is
already too much disposition to crowd further
legislation into a general appropriation bill; let us
legislate by a suitable bill adapted to the case un-
der consideration; and, sir, let us show the House,
let us show the country, that we are not animated
by the selfish and sordid motives which have been
attributed to this body. Let us pass the bill. I
would not commit it. Commit it for what? We
all know what it is. I think the commitment of it
is irreconcilable with what is due to the Senate.
Let us pass it if we can. I would pass it silently.
I am sorry that I have felt compelled to say anything,
and it is only on account of my long services and
great age that I have felt constrained to say even
these few words. Let vis, however, pass the bill
and send it to the House, and show them that there
is no necessity for that irregular legislation which
they have proposod by inserting the restriction in
the appropriation bill.
Mr. WALKER withdrew his motion.
No amendment being made, the bill was re-
ported to the Senate, and ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, and was then, by unanimous
consent, read a third time and passed.
SUSPENSION OF THE SIXTEENTH RULE.
Mr. HUNTER submitted the following reso-
| lution:
Resolved, That the Ifith joint rule of the two Houses be
suspended for the remainder of the present session. |
Mr. HAMLIN suggested that the resolution
should not be so general in its character, but
should be limited to this day.
Mr. HUNTER so modified the resolution as
to restrict it to this day, and, thus modified, the
resolution was passed.
RIVER AND HARBOR BILL.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I move that
the Senate now postpone the previous orders for
the purpose of proceeding to the consideration of ;
the river and harbor bill.
Mr. HUNTER. The river and harbor bill
ought not to precede the appropriation bill. If it
is persisted in, I must call for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
Mr. BADGER. I have no objection to the
call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. BRADBURY. I have a report from the
Committee on the Judiciary which I have been in-
structed to submit. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his motion to allow this report to be
submitted. It relates to an important subject.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BORLAND. Before the question is put,
I want to appeal to the Senate not to adopt this
motion, but to let committees get clear of the re-
ports they have on their desks. This is the last
day on which we shall have an opportunity to do
so. The business of the Senate will not be com-
pleted, and committees will not be able to do their
duty, and to put the Senate in possession of the
work they have been ordered by the Senate to do,
unless they have an opportunity to report. It will
take but a few minutes, and I hope the Senate will
agree to it.
Mr. FOOTE. Mr. President, for days past I
have been very anxious to bring various matters
to the attention of the Senate. I have made many
efforts for that purpose. If the business of the
Senate had been conducted in regular order, I
should have had a fair opportunity to take my
turn; but Senators have brought up matters out of
their regular course, and cut me off. Without
intending to indicate the least hostility to this meas-
. ure, I shall vote against the proposition, conceiv- ,
ing it to be wholly irregular, and, under the cir-
cumstances of the case, wholly unjustifiable—for
the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill ought
to be taken up first, as it is a matter in which the
whole nation is concerned. I trust this particular
measure may not be thrust upon us so unseason-
ably, and pushed forward with such pertinacity,
to the neglect of matters affecting the most vital
interests of the country. I shall, therefore, vote
against it. I have now a resolution which has
been lying upon my table for the last four days,
which I have been very anxious to offer—a reso-
lution of inquiry, at the instance of one of the De-
partments; but, although it will not occupy five
minutes, I am not permitted to offer it. Resolu-
tions were not called for yesterday morning, nor
allowed to be offered; and during the whole day I
was in hopes of getting an opportunity of attend-
ing to the matter-Jjut in vain. Besides that, we
rjju
inan
have three important treaties to attend to in exec-
utive session, which, if not ratified at this session,
will become a nullity. These are all important
matters, and I cannot understand why it is that
this measure is to be taken up out of the regular
course, and thrust upon us to the entire defeat of
the important legislation of the country.
Mr. HUNTER. Perhaps it is my duty to in-
form the Senate that I am authorized to say it is
the opinion of experienced members of the House
of Representatives that, unless the civil and diplo-
matic appropriation bill gets down to that body this
morning, there is some doubt as to its pagsage. If
we get that up, we could go through it in an hour
or two, and then go into executive session on the
business referred to by my friend from Mississip-
pi. Perhaps we could better accommodate all
parties by going to work immediately upon the
civil and diplomatic appropriation bill.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, I shall vote against
the proposition to take up this bill, not with refer-
ence to the bill itself, but because I have a report
to make, from the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, of a post-route bill. Unless I
can get it acted on to-day it will be lost. It will
not occasion any discussion; but the other bill will
provoke discussion. It is idle to suppose that we
can get a vote upon it without a great deal of dis-
cussion.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I apprehend
it will depend upon those who oppose the bill
whether there will be much discussion upon it. It
is true that it is a bill of considerable importance—
it is also true that we have but two days of the
session remaining, and therefore if this bill be not
now taken up, 1 shall have little hope of its being
acted upon at all.
Mr. BUTLER. I wish to say one word. There
are so many riding this hobby that they will break
it down. So far as I am concerned, I give notice
that I am not, by any kind of duress, to be forced
to vote upon the bill without discussion.
Mr. FOOTE. Mr. President, I feel bound to
say, in addition to what the honorable Senators
have said, that although the main features of that
bill as proposed are such as may be approved by
a majority of the body, there are features in it
which, I venture to say, are not satisfactory to ten
members of the Senate. It is certain, therefore,
that controversy, long and extended controversy,
will ensue. If the peculiar friends of the bill urge
it upon us in its present shape, erroneous as I be-
lieve it to be in many of its features, they must not
expect it to pass without material modifications.
While up, I wish to make a suggestion to the
honorable gentleman who moved to take up this
bill, which I trust will be acceded to. Let the
morning business be disposed of, let the civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill be taken up and dis-
posed of, let the post-route bill be disposed of;
then I will be perfectly willing, for one, to aid in
taking up this bill and see what we can do to put
it into proper shape for passage, if there be any
part of it to which we can give our assent.
Mr. TURNEY. Mr. President, I shall vote
against this motion, because it is out of time.
There are upon your table several bills upon their
third reading, some of which have been amended,
rendering it necessary that they should go back to
the House; and measures of great importance that
have been matured by this body will be lost or
greatly endangered by taking up this bill at this
particular juncture. For the purpose, therefore,
of testing the sense of the Senate, and to put the
whole matter beyond debate upon the motion to
