814
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
Mr. TURNEY. I object.
Mr. DICKINSON. I would inquire if a ma-
jority of the Senate cannot dispense with the ob-
jection ?
The PRESIDENT. It cannot be' read twice
on the same day but by unanimous consent.
Mr. BADGER. I desire to know whether it
was understood that the second reading was to be
for the purpose of reference?
The PRESIDENT. The Chair so stated.
Mr. FOOTE. I do not suppose any one would
object to it for that purpose.
The PRESIDENT. It was objected to by the
Senator from Tennessee after the Senator from
Ohio withdrew his objection.
Mr. FOOTE. I do not think the Senator from
Tennessee understood the object.
Mr. TURNEY. I think I did.
Mr. FOOTE. I am very glad the Senator has
avowed that. The country will understand the
matter.
Mr. DICKINSON. I give notice that on Mon-
day I shall move to suspend the rule which re-
quires that bills shall have separate readings on
separate days.
THE BOUNTY LAND BILL.
The PRESIDENT. There are several bills on
the table upon their third reading, which will be
read a third time, if there be no objection.
Several Senators. What are they?
The PRESIDENT. The first is a joint reso-
lution explanatory of the act approved September
28, 1850, entitled "An act granting bounty lands
to certain officers and soldiers who have been en-
gaged in the military service of the United States."
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I object to that
being taken up.
Mr. BORLAND. Does a single objection pre-
vent action on the resolution ?
The PRESIDENT. A single objection is suffi-
cient, because other business is pending. The
Chair simply made the suggestion to expedite bus-
iness.
Mr. CLEMENS. I move to postpone the pend-
ing business for the purpose of putting that reso-
lution upon its passage.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I hope we
shall proceed to the consideration of the river and
harbor bill. j
The PRESIDENT. If there be any objection '
made, the Chair will be obliged to call up the un-
finished business, which is the bill with respect to
the improvement of rivers and harbors. The
Senator from Alabama moves to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of that bill with a view to take
up a joint resolution on its third reading.
Mr. FOOTE. My friend from Alabama will
perhaps withdraw his motion when I make a sug-
gestion to him. I will certainly vote in support of
his motion if we can first act upon a matter of vi-
tal importance. I announced yesterday that I was
very anxious to have an executive session of the
Senate, for certain reasons which I stated. I an-
nounced to-day, before we took a recess, that I
should, as sooi as we went into session this even-
ing, move for an executive session on three im-
portant treaties. I am exceedingly anxious, if
any business is to be taken up except that which
occupied our attention this morning, we should go
into executive session at once for the purpose of
attending to those treaties.
Mr. CLEMENS. I understand that the Sena-
tor who made objection to the resolution being
taken up will withdraw his objection. I therefore
withdraw my motion to take up the subject.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I objected because
1 thought it would lead to a long debate, but I am
willing to take it up if everybody else is.
The PRESIDENT. The joint resolution will
have its third reading by unanimous consent.
Mr. WALKER. I object.
Mr. CLEMENS. I move to lay this bill upon
the table, then, for the purpose of taking up the
bounty land resolution. When that shall be dis-
posed of, we can resume the consideration of the
river and harbor bill. I will myself then mye to
take it up.
Mr. WALKER. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and, being
taken, were:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Berrien, Bradbury, Butler,
Clemens, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson, Downs, Foote,
Hamlin, Hunter, King, Mason, Norris, Rusk, Sturgeon,
Turney, and Yulee—18.
I NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Borland, Bright,
i Ca<3, Chase, Clarke, Clay, Cooper, Davis of Mnssneliu-
«elK Dickinson, Dod?e of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa,
Douglas, Ewmg, Feleh, Greene, Jones, Manguin, Miller,
l'earce, Pratt, liantoul, Sebastian, Sewaid, Shields, Smith,
\Vul«s, and Walker—30.
So the motion was not agreed to.
RIYER AND HARBOR BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
river and harbor bill, and its discussion, votes on
amendments, and to adjourn, &c., consumed the
time of the Senate until nearly twelve o'clock.
The proceedings thereon will be found in the Ap-
pendix.
Mr. MANGUM. I desire to make an appeal
to the sense of justice and liberality of the friends
of this measure, to concur in a motion that I wish
to make before I close, to allow this bill to be laid
upon the table for thirty seconds only. I desire
to lay a resolution on the table, and will then in-
stantly move to take up this bill again. I wish
, simply to offer a resolution to suspend the rules,
so that bills may be read twice on the same day.
Whereas, if the resolution is not laid on the table
this evening, it can be objected to, and the object
cannot be accomplished.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I ask the yeas and nays
on the question of laying the bill upon the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PEARCE. I desire to ask aquestion. If
the Senate should lay this bill upon the table, and
the Senator should offer his motion to repeal the
rule of the Senate, will it be in order to act upon
that, if objection be made?
The PRESIDENT. Not to-day; but it will
come up at the next meeting of the Senate.
Mr. PEARCE. I will ask further, if the Sen-
ator can introduce it without leave being first
given?
The PRESIDENT. It is in the power of the
j Senator to lay his resolution on the table,
j Mr. WALKER. Is it distinctly understood
that if this bill is laid on the table, it will be imme-
diately taken up ?
i Several Senators. Yes, yes.
I Mr. CLEMENS. That depends upon the
' question whether the Senator from North Carolina
; gets the floor or not. If I get it I shall move to call
j up something else.
II The question was then taken on laying the bill
on the table with the following result—yeas 28,
nays 23.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. MANGUM. I now lay the resolution
upon the table, and I move to takeupforconsidera-
■ tion the bill just laid upon the table.
! Mr. SEWARD. I object to laying the resolu-
11 tion on the table.
The PRESIDENT. Objection cannot be made.
Mr. PEARCE. I move that the Senate adjourn,
|1 and on that question I ask the yeas and nays.
11 The yeas and nays were ordered.
I; Mr.RHETT. Is it not in order to have the
resolution read? We have not heard what it is.
The PRESIDENT. It is simply laid on the
table under a rule of the Senate.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Can I not raise a ques-
tion of exception as to the introduction of the reso-
lution ?
The PRESIDENT. No, sir. Any Senator
can lay a resolution on the table.
Mr. CLEMENS. Is it not necessary that it
should be read ?
The PRESIDENT. It can be laid on the table
without leave, for action at the next meeting of the
] Senate.
Mr. YULEE. I desire to know whether the
Jr resolution can be offered out of the morning hour,
without general assent is given?
j The PRESIDENT. Certainly. It can be laid
il on the table at any time.
The question was then taken on the motion to
, adjourn, with the following result: Yeas 15, nays
I 33.
So the motion did not prevail.
! The PRESIDENT. The question now recurs
1 on the motion of the Senator from North Carolina
to take up the bill which has just been laid upon
the table.
Mr. HUNTER. I rise to a question of order.
; The unfinished business upon which we adjourned
i yesterday was the civil and diplomatic bill. This
morning all the prior orders were postponed for
; the purpose of taking up the river and harbor bill.
That bill has now been laid upon the table. I ask
if the civil and diplomatic bill is not now the busi-
ness in order, and if it does not require that this
bill shall be laid upon the table or postponed be-
fore a motion can be made to take up another
bill? F
The PRESIDENT. It is in order to move to
take up the bill which was laid upon the table,
without making a motion to postpone the previous
orders, as no business has actually been announced
by the Chair.
Mr. HUNTER. Could the Chair entertain the
motion to take up the bill ?
The PRESIDENT. The Chair entertains no
doubt of the power of a Senator to move to take
up a bill which lies upon the table.
Mr. HUNTER. That is not the question. The
question is, whether it is in order to make such a
motion while another bill was pending?
The PRESIDENT. But no other bill was
taken up. If any bill had been announced by the
Chair, no motion could be made but to dispose of
that bill. No other bill was announced. This
bill was under consideration. It was laid upon
the table. A motion was made to resume the
consideration of the bill, and that is the motion
now pending.
Mr. CLEMENS. I do not rise to a question
of order, but to a question of fact. The Senator
from North Carolina, if he made the motion at all,
made two motions at the same time.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from North
Carolina moved to lay the bill on the table. He
then introduced a resolution which lies on the
table. He then made a motion to take up the bill
which had been laid upon the table. It is an
everyday practice to make such motions, and the
Chair is not at liberty to depart from the usual
practice.
Mr. CLEMENS. I am not questioning the
propriety of the decision of the Chair. I am only
questioning the fact of the motion having been
made. I think the Senator from North Carolina
never made his motion.
The PRESIDENT. He certainly made the
motion.
Mr. CLEMENS. If he did, he must have
made it at the same time that he made the motion
to lay the bill upon the table.
The PRESIDENT. He made it subsequently.
The Chair will state the circumstances, and the
Senator from North Carolina can correct him if he
is in error. The Senator from North Carolina
asked the consent of the Senate to lay the bill on
the table to submit a resolution. That was ob-
jected to by some. The yeas and nays were called,
and the bill was laid on the table. He then intro-
duced his resolution, and that was laid upon the
table. He then made the motion to take up the
bill which had been laid upon the table, and that
is the question that is now before the Senate. Am
I correct?
| Mr. MANGUM. The Chair is correct.
! Mr. MASON. I ask the yeas and nays on the
j motion to take up the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FOOTE. 1 wish to make an observation.
, What was done was done by a solemn compact
among men of honor, including some of those who
are opposed to this bill. I shall feel bound, as a
i man of honor, to aid in taking up this bill accord-
ing to engagement, and not take any advantage of
j the magnanimity displayed by the Senator from
I North Carolina, and those friends of the bill who
voted for his motion.
Mr. MASON. I wish to inform the Senator
from Mississippi that I not only made no compact,
but 1 made a protest.
Mr. CLEMENS. I made none.
Mr. FOOTE. My remark applied only to
those Senators who were in the compact.
Mr. DOWNS. There could not have been any-
thing like a general compact, or it would not have
been necessary to have called the yeas and nays,
j Mr. MANGUM. I rise to a point of order. It
was the well-settled practice of the Senate for
many years that a motion to take up a subject ly-
ing upon the table was not debatable. Is my mo-
tion debatable ?
The«PRESIDENT. Senators can assign rea-
sons why a subject should or should not be taken
up, without going into its merits.
Mr. DAWSON. I do not rise to debate the
motion. I believe it is just now twelve o'clock,
