820
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
Mr. MASON. The Senate can alone decide ]
that question, and in order to test it, I move that I
the Senate adjourn. j
Mr. DOUGLAS. Will the Senator withdraw ,
the motion ? ;
Mr. MASON. Certainly.
Mr. DOUGLAS. As the Senator withdraws
the motion, I wish to introduce a resolution to
cover the question: I
Resoled, That, inasmuch as this session of Congress
does not expire under the Constitution until twelve o'clock
of the 4th of March instant, therefore the Hon. James M.
Mason, Senator elect from the State of Virginia, is not en-
titled to take the oath of office at this time.
I offer that resolution as a question of privilege.
Mr. DICKINSON. I did not vote upon the
motion to adjourn, feeling some delicacy in regard
to the matter, because I supposed that vote would
virtually settle the question whether this Congress
then terminated or not. I have no doubt that the
expiring Senators—I mean officially expiring—
not only have a right to continue as long as the -
session of Congress continues, but the Senate hav-
ing, by a very large vote, determined not to ad-
journ, after making that a test question, I shall
consider myself entitled to vote as long as the Sen-
ate is in session. And here let me say, that I
hardly think it worth while to spend time over
these questions. But it seems to me that the Sen-
ate, by a vote already taken, have decided the
very question now presented by the Senator from
Illinois in behalf of the Senator from Virginia. It
seems to me that our time is too valuable to be
spent in discussing questions which have been
already virtually settled.
Mr. POOTE. I conceive this question to be of i
the utmost importance. Usage cannot establish or
•change a constitutional principle. The Constitu- j
tion is quite plain in regard to this matter. I shall
ubide by the action of the body, yielding deference
to it. I believe that we have never yet in the his-
tory of this country had a resolution of this sort
adopted declaratory of the true doctrine of the
subject. I hope we shall set a precedent on this
occasion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have so modified my res-
olution as to read:
Resolved, That inasmuch as the second session of the
Thirty-first Congress does not expire, under the Constitu-
tion, until twelve o'clock of the 4th of March instant, the j
Hon. James M. Mason, Senator elect from the State of
Virginia, is not entitled to take the oath of office at tins
time. !
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I beg leave to offer a
very few remarks. I have a book before me con-
taining the commissions of all the Senators present, i
I will read that of my friend from Virginia. I
The honorable Senator then read the enmmis-
sion, showing that the Legislature of Virginia
had, on the 21st of January, 1847, elected Mr.
Mason as a Senator to supply the vacancy occa-
sioned by the death of the Hon. Isaac H. Pen-
nybacker. He then continued.
You perceive the commission does not say when
the service is to commence, or when it is to termi-
nate. It simply states that the Senator has been
chosen to supply the vacancy occasioned by the
death of Mr. Pennybacker. I have before me my
own commission, but I will not read it. I will
state that it merely mentions the fact that I have
been elected a Senator of the United States for six
years in pursuance of the Constitution, without
saying when the term is to commence or when to
terminate. The Constitution does not fix the be-
ginning or termination of the six years, but it di-
vided the first senatorial term into six, four, and
two years, so that there might bea succession of one
third every second year. The time then when the
term ot six years commences is to be arbitrarily
fixed, and it has been settled since the foundation of
the Government that it begins at twelve o'clock at
noon of the 4th of March; and, reckoning six
years from that time, my friend from Virginia will
still be a Senator until twelve o'clock the 4th of
March.
Mr. FOOTE. The Senator has not touched the
main point—that is, our commissions. We have
no authority at all to legislate except by virtue of
our commissions. They limit our terms. But no
Senator here can show a commission that runs
into the 4th of March. Is it not the best evidence,
is it not evidence of very high authority, that the
session terminated at a time that has elapsed?
What other evidence have we on which we can
rely ?
| Mr. BALDWIN. I move to lay the resolution
! on the table.
1 Mr. DOUGLAS. I hope the Senator will with-
: draw the motion, and we can adopt the resolution
without debate.
I Mr. MASON. I desire the question to be set-
tled. I will submit to the judgment of the Senate.
Mr. BALDWIN. If it is the understanding
, that there is to be no debate, I withdraw the motion.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move to amend the resolu-
tion by adding at the end of it, " to wit, on the
4th of March, at one o'clock, a. m.'" I will state
to the Senate in a single word what this amend-
ment means. The Journal of to-day will all bear
date the 3d of March. Now, let us do justice to
history. Let the resolution show upon its face
when it was offered by the Senator from Illinois,
to wit, at one o'clock, a. m., of the 4th of March.
Let the Journal state that fact. If that amendment
be incorporated into the resolution, it will show
the true state of the case. I ask for the reading
of the resolution, as it will read if amended.
The resolution as proposed to be amended was
read, as follows:
Resolved, That inasmuch as the second session of the
Thirty-first Congress does not expire, under the Constitu
tion, until twelve o'clock the 4th of March instant, the Hon.
James. M. Mason, Senator elect from the State of Vir-
ginia, is not entitled to take the oath of office at this time,
to wit, on the 4th March, at one o'clock, a. m.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. That is but a
question of the computation of time. I endeavored
to obtain from the Senate a decision as to whether
the session had terminated. I stated my own
opinion, an opinion worth very little, to be sure,
! but going to the conclusion that the session had
i not closed, but claiming from the Senate a decision
I of the question. It has not been obtained. Now,
| whether the 4th of March is to begin at twelve
o'clock at night or twelve o'clock of the day
coming, depends on whether you take the calendar
] day or the astronomical day. It is a question of
computation, and the Senate being the judge of the
qualifications of its members, is competent to de-
cide whether the 3d of March expires at twelve
o'clock to-night or at twelve o'clock to-morrow.
The astronomical day would run until twelve
o'clock to-morrow. Now, I ask the Senate merely
that they decide the question, in order that we
may know who are members of the body, and who
are not; whether members holding over by a
new election are to be sworn in; whether members
who have been elected for the first time shall come
in; whether members are to go out, or whether
the session is to continue. I trust the Senate will
not avoid the question, but will meet and settle it,
not as it was done two years ago—which has been
referred to in this debate—when member after
member left the body, and left us to transact busi-
; , ness with less than a quorum. I wish the Senate
to say whether we are regularly in session or not.
I Mr. DOUGLAS. In order to avoid discus-
sion, I accept the amendment of the Senator from
Maine.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, informing the Senate that he had
this day approved and signed a bill for the relief
of the administrator of Major Frederick D. Mills,
, deceased, and various other bills, of which a list
' was sent to the President's desk.
Mr. BADGER. If the object of this proposi-
tion is to ascertain whether the session of the Sen-
ate has closed, it can no otherwise be ascertained
than by getting the opinion of the Senate upon it.
If that opinion is worth anything, it has alreadv
been given, because if the session had terminated
the only thing the Senate could do was to adjourn
sine die. It seems to me then that we are not
called upon to determine whether this session will
terminate at twelve o'clock, or at what interme-
diate hour. It is sufficient that the Senate has de-
cided that the session did not terminate at twelve
o'clock to-night. That has been decided, and it
seems to me we gain nothing by this resolution,
and I therefore move to lav it on the table.
Mr. SEWARD called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered; and, being taken, resulted
as follow?
YEAS-'Messre. Atchison, Badger, Baldwin, Roll,
Clarke, Cooper, Davis of Massachusetts, Dawson. Dickin-
son, Dodge of Iowa, Ewinf, Felch, Gwin, Jones M lKv,
Pearce, Pratt, Rantoul, Rusk, Seward, Shields, Spmance,
Underwood, t'pham, Wales, Walk or, and Whitcomb—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Borland, Cha.*«, Clemens, DougJas,
Downs, Fontr, Hamlin, Houston, King, "Xorn«, and
tian—11.
So the motion was agreed to.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Young, their Clerk, an-
nouncing to the Senate that the President had no-
tified the House that he had to-day signed various
bills and joint resolutions which originated there,
of which a list was transmitted to the Senate.
Mr. YULEE. I rise to a question of privilege.
I think it is desirable this matter should be settled
definitively, as it may be done by a vote upon a
very simple resolution which I send to the Chair.
It must be evident to the Senate that many gen-
tlemen, myself among the number, have felt some
delicacy as to our right to participate in the pro-
ceedings. I send up a resolution which I have pre-
pared; and I think if a vote is now taken upon it,
it will decide the matter and decide it permanently
as a precedent for future action.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That, in the opinion of the Senate, the present
Congress does not expire by consutuuonal limitation until
meridian of the 4th of March.
Mr. PEARCE. I would ask how that propo-
sition can be entertained ? I understand that the
question before the Senate is still the river and
harbor bill. Is it not?
The PRESIDENT. The question before the
Senate is on the proposition to lay the river and
harbor bill on the table. The other resolution was
brought forward as a privileged question, in con-
sequence of a number of the Senators declaring
themselves unwilling to exercise the rights apper-
taining to them as Senators until it was settled
whether they were entitled to do so.
Mr. PEARCE. Is that privileged question now
before us ?
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Florida
t states that he has doubts as to his power to act
] longer as a Senator,and therefore he offers a reso-
, lution to decide when the term expires,
i Mr. DAWSON. I consider that this is not a
question of privilege, and I insist on the motion I
htve made to lay this bill on the table for the pur-
pose of taking up the appropriation bills. The
question raised by the Senator from Florida is not
a question of privilege, but it is a question relating
to his conscience and to the Constitution, which
gentlemen must construe for themselves.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. This is not a con-
stitutional question; it is conventional. You can
fix a day to begin atone hour or at another. The
political day, as it has been fixed, is conventional,
and therefore we have a right to call upon the
body to put their own construction upon it.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair considers this
is a matter appertaining to the discharge of the
duties of Senators, and therefore it is a question
of privilege.
Mr. DAWSON. Then I waive my point of
order.
The resolution offered by Mr. Yulee was
adopted.
After further discussion and action on the river
and harbor bill, its further consideration was post-
poned till eight o'clock, and it was made the spe-
cial order for that hour, by the following vote on
yeas and nays<
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bell, Rnght, Clarke,
Clemens, Cooper, Davis ot* Mississippi, Dawson, Dickin-
son, Downs, Kwing, Foote, Creene. (iwin, Hamlin. Hous-
ton, Hunter, King. Mason. Miller, Morton, \orns. Pearce,
Rusk, Smith, Soule, Whiteomh, and Yulee—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Borland, Chase, Dodpe of Jowa, Doug-
las, Felch, Jones, Pratt, Rantoul, Sebastian. Seward,
Shields, Spruance, Underwood, Wales, and Walker—19.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATIONS.
The Senate resumed,as in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the bill making ap-
propriations for the civil and diplomatic expenses
of Government for the year ending the 30th of
June, 186-3, and for other purposes.
The pending question was on the amendment
"for the payment of the amount of a judgment
rendered in the United States circuit court fir the
southern district of New York, with costs and in-
terest thereon from the 8th November, 1950, m a
suit brought ajainst Lieutenant Colonel D. D.
Mitchell by Manuel X. Harmony, to be paid un-
der the order of the Attorney General, whenever
the judgment shall be bv him considered final,
$98,055 38."
Mr. ATCHISON. I wish to state to the Sen-
ate that I can make a proposition to dispose of that
amendment. I have had a conversation with Col-
onel Mitchell, and he does not wish to embarrass
