1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
821
the bill, and I therefore withdraw the amendment s!
at his request. !'
Mr. EWING. I offer the following amend- |
ment, for which I have estimates from the Depart- !
ment:
For surrey of die public lands and private land claims
fo California, in conformity with tile provisions of the act
of Congress authorizing similar surveys, $50,000, to be ex-
pended under the direction of the Department of the Inte-
rior ; out of which sum is to be paid the compensation of a
surveyor general, whose salary shall not excced $4,500 per
annum: Provided, That this rate of compensation shall
continue for the term of two years, and no longer; and ata*
the compensation of a register and receiver. wh«se salary
shall not exceed $3,000 per annum: said officers to be ap-
pointed by the President, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EWING. I hare another amendment to
report from the committee, which is to strike out
" $4,000," and insert " $12,909 05," for the com- :
pletion of a marine hospital at Cleveland, Ohio.
A conjectural estimate was sent by the Secretary
of the Treasury for a marine hospital at Cleveland
of $4,000. That amount was inserted in the bill.
The House afterwards received an exact estimate,
made on the spot, by which the Secretary correct-
ed his former estimate, and recommended the sum
which it is proposed to insert. The papers are in ,
my hands.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EWING. I have another amendment
which is according to an estimate. It relates to
the Indian agencies in Texas, and is to come in at
the end of the bill:
For compensation to three special agents and the ne-
cessary interpreters for the Indian tribes of Texas, including |
the purchase of presents authorized by the act approred the •
30th September, 1850, for the fiscal year ending 90th June,
1852, .$15,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EWING. I have another amendment:
For the erection of a marine hospital at San Francisco,
$900,000: Provided, That the rite for said building shall be
purchased and the erection completed for said sum.
I have in my hand the recommendation of the
Secretary of the Treasury, which I will read:
I also respectfully recommend the appropriation of
£300,000 for the erection of a marine hospital at San Fran-
cisco, limiting expenditure to the above sum for the pur-
chase of a site and completion of the building.
Mr. BRIGHT. I hope that amendment will
not prevail. The C&mmittee on Finance have
recommended the issuing of £5,000,000in Treasury
notes, bearing interest, for the meeting of the or-
dinary and extraordinary calls upon the Treasury;
and under this state of things I cannot vote for
£200,000 for the erection of a msyine hospital at
San Francisco.
Mr. GWIN. This sum completes the building,
and no part of it is to be expended unless it does j
complete it. It is a matter of great importance at j
that place. Many persons are suffering there for
-want of such an hospital, for the expense of hiring <
buildings for hospitals is very great. This appro- j
priation is asked for the completion of the building ;
in the shortest possible time, instead of asking for
annual appropriations. j
Mr. BRIGHT. A fund for such purposes is j
provided in the older States by the seamen them- j
selves, in the form of a tax levied upon them by
the officers of the vessels in which they sail, and
reud into the Treasury of the United States, j
When the citizens of California shall conform to j
this law, I will be willing to vote the money for
them which they pay; but I am not willing to vote |
an appropriation of #200,000 for the erection of a
building of this kind under existing circumstances.
Mr. GWIN. The same tax is levied for the !
erection of all marine hospitals. Look at the hos- j
pital at New Orleans, and the appropriations made 1
from year to year. This sum is for the comple-
tion of the building.
Mr. MASON. California, up to this time, is an
experiment. What will be her condition ten years
hence is quite uncertain. At all events the sum of ;
$200,000 is too extravagant, and I am not pre- j
pared to vote for it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. The Senator j
from California is under a misapprehension about
the hospitals being built along the coast by the
Government; they have been built out of the funds j
accruing from the tax levied upon the seamen. I j
confess that something is necessary to be done, ;
but this strikes me as a great sum. f will vote for !
half of it.
Mr. EWING. I will accept the modification,
making the appropriation 0100,000.
Mr. BRIGHT. I object to even that.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. EWING. 1 have another amendment:
For defraying the expense of' surveying and marking
the boundary line between the States of Missouri and Iowa,
under the recent decision and order of the Supreme Court,
$10,880 41.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EWING. I have another amendment for
which there is an estimate:
For defraying the expense of taking a census of the
government and treaty parties of the Cherokees west,
$3,000.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Imoretoamendtheamend-
raent by substituting the following:
•And be it further enacted, That so much of the act of |
1850 (chapter 91) as appropriates to the " old settlers" or |
Western Cherokees $532,896 90, with interest thereon, be
so amended as that said moneys may be paid per capita to
those individuals of the " old settler" or u Western Chero-
kee" party who are living at the time the census thereof
shall be taken: Pr© We<f, That the assent of said old set-
tlers or Western Cherokees, in general council assembled,
shall first be had and obtained to the payment of said money
in the manner herein designated.
Jind be it further enacted, That so much of the act of
1850 (chapter 81) as appropriates, according to the award
of the Senate of the 5th day of September, 1850, $189,422 76,
with interest thereon, and so much of the act approved Feb-
ruary 536, 1851, as appropriates to the Cherokee nation
$724,603 37, with interest thereon, be so amended as that
said moneys may be paid per capita to the individuals of
the government and treaty parties who are living at the
time the census thereof shall be taken: Provided, That the
assent of the Cherokee national council shad first be had
and obtained to the payment of said moneys in the manner
herein designated.
JlntI be it further enacted. That $2,000 be appropriated
to defray the expense of taking a census of the government
and treaty parties of the Cherokees west, preliminary to
the payment of the moneys referred to in the preceding sec-
tion.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. Young, their Clerk:
Mr. Pkbsident : The House of Representatives have
passed the bill from the Senate to grant to the New Haven
Mid New London Railroad Company the right of way
through the custom-house let at New London. They have
passed a resolution to suspend the 17th joint rule so far as
relates to the last mentioned bill, in which they request the
concurrence of the Senate.
On motion by Mr. BALDWIN, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider said resolution of the House
suspending the 17th joint rule, and it was
Retohed, That they concur therein.
Mr. HUNTER. I would suggest that the
amendment of the Senator from Arkansas is in-
congruous, and, besides, we shall not have time to
get such an amendment through the House. I
hope the Senator will withdraw it.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I have no disposition to
embarrass this bill, or to press anything that
would have a tendency to defeat or delay it. The
amendment I have offered is at the request of the
Indian Department, and is neeessary in order to
enable the Department to carry out the objects of
the appropriation which the Senator from Ohio
has asked for. The whole object of it is this: In
consequence of the appropriations made by the
Committee on Finance, the Indians have refused
to accept the money upon the terms of the in-
structions issued by the Department. The appro-
priation meets the entire concurrence of the Indian
Department, and is needed to carry out the taking
of the census.
Mr. HUNTER. The Committee on Finance
have had this matter under consideration, but they
had not time to examine it at length. If we had
three or four days time left I should be glad to ex-
amine it, but really I fear it cannot be acted upon
at this session.
Mr. BORLAND. Unless this amendment is
adopted, the amendment offered by the Senator
from Ohio will not be of any use.
Mr. EWING. The Commissioner of Indian
Affairs was of a different opinion. The commit-
tee informed him that both could not be adopted,
and he desired that this small appropriation of
$3,000 should b« adopted in preference to the
other.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The amendment of the
Senator from Ohio proposes to appropriate £2,000.
This is merely for the purpose of carrying out
that appropriation.
The amendment to the amendment wa  not
agreed to.
The question was then taken or the amendment,
and it was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I hare another amendment,
which is in accordance with an estimate:
For the salary of clerk of the Suprem* Court, at
per annum, to commence on the 1st day of December.
1850, $1,966 67.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EWING. I have another amendment:
1 For defraying the expnnses of settling land clanns in
California, per act of 3d of March, 1851, $50,000: Provided,
The whole compensation of the law agent shall not exceed
$6,000.
i The amendment was agreed to.
| Mr. SOULE. I propose to add after line 607,
' which relates to'the custom-house in New Orleans,
the following words:
Provided, That there shall be no material departure
from the originally adopted plan : Jind provided, That the
main business room shall remain as contemplated in the
same plan.
I Mr. DICKINSON. I fear that amendment does
j not go far enough to accomplish the object which
! the Senator desires. I move to amend it by sub-
I stituting the following:
Provided, That tliere shall be no material departure
from the originally adopted plan or materials contracted
for: Jlnd provided, That the principal room (hall remain
as contemplated in said plan: Jlnd provided, farther, The
better to enable the commissioner to comply with this pro-
viso, the architect and author of said plait be employed t 
furnish all the information relating to the anatomical parts
of the work, working drawings, specifications, &c., at a
salary not exceeding $8 per day.
Mr. SOULE. I desire to state briefly my rea-
sons for introducing this amendment. It bas ref-
erence to an appropriation made in the bill for
erecting the custom-hotise at New Orleans, and
provides that there shall be no material departure
from the plan originally adopted. It was agreed in
committee that my report should go no further.
But, I must confess, I much apprehend that it will
not cover all the exigencies which it was intended
to satisfy, and as that proposed by the honorable
Senator from New York [Mr. Dickinson] makes
more explicit the meaning of the committee and
superadds a requirement without which perhaps
the object sought to be secured could- not be attained,
I shall give this latter my cordial support. Both
his amendment and mine are predicated on the
facts which I shall proceed to lay before the Sen-
ate. The Congress of the United States having
ascertained that a proper site had been offered by
the First Municipality of New Orleans for the
erection of a custom-house in that city, made an
appropriation to the effect that the Secretary of the
Treasury might carry out that object and proceed
to the construction of a suitable building. Robert
J. Walker was then Secretary of the Treasury.
His comprehensive mind, in devising what sort df
construction should be adopted, could not be re-
strained within the narrow limits which the then
condition of the business transacted at that port
might seem to "assign to such an undertaking; he
meant to provide not only for the present but for
the future; and he conceived the first idea of the
gigantic structure which is destined not only to
grace the mighty metropolis of the Southwestj but
to be a lasting monument of the enlarged views
and of the deep forecast of _ its originator. He
spared no pains to promote his great design. He
advertised for plans, and stimulated by all the
means in his power the spirit of enterprise and the
genius of our artists, that he might be provided
with all the lights and with the information which
the country was capable of affording. _ Many de-
signs were presented to his consideration ana so-
licited his choice. He studied them thoroughly,
and soon understood the subject so as to confound,
by his elucidations and queries, the skill of the
ablest and the acuteness of tie most profound
among the designers. Not satisfied with the ex-
hibitions obtained through the drawings, he re-
quired the architects to lay before him a wooden
model of the building; and after much research,
much investigation, much deliberation, he adopted
the plan after which the foundations of the build-
ing were laid down, and the structure carried up
to the second story, some twenty-five feet from
the ground. But while the building was in prog-
ress under the direction imparted to it by its ori-
ginal designer, a change took place in the adminis-
tration of the country, and the fate of the building
had to pass into other hands than those to whose
management it had first been committed. No
sooner had the commissioners now in office been
vested with the power of managing the great un-
dertaking than it became evident that aH their in-
