824
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Mr. SHIELDS. I stood by the river and har-
bor bill as long: as I could stand by it without en-
dangering the other bills. The Senator from Ohio,
in offering this amendment, offers one which, if
adopted, will not only destroy the river and har-
bor bill but the appropriation bill also.
Mr. EWING. As I shall not vote for the
amendment of my colleague, I wish to state my
reason for not doing so. I do not know what his
amendment is; 1 have never read it or heard it
read; I have not time to read it, and do not know
whether I could vote for it or not. I must vote
upon my own judgment,or upon the judgment, at
least, of a committee of the Senate, but in this
case we have neither and can have neither. I do
not know, therefore, whether it is a thing for which
I could vote or not, even if I could have an oppor-
tunity to examine it. I will not vote blindfolded
upon the mere faith of a single individual. I shall,
therefore, vote against it for that reason.
I shall also vote against it for another reason.
I am perfectly satisfied that the attachment of the
amendment to this bill would do evil and not good,
even if it was the best possible measure upon the
face of the earth; for, under the circumstances in
■which we are placed—the temper of the Senate
and the temper of the House being what they
are—it is utterly impossible that the Dill could get
through with such an amendment as this attached
to it. If the situation of things was different, I
then might be able to vote for it; but I cannot do
bo now.
Mr. FOOTE. I have only this remark to make
in reply to what has been said by the Senator
from Ohio. I did not intend to suggest any bad
faith on his part. I spoke only of what would be
the action of this body if we sanction this prop-
osition. I knew as well as anybody that that
Senator belongs to no party—that nobody claimed
any responsibility for him, and I am very glad of
it. I did not intend to throw any responsibility
upon him, for he was not in my mind. That per-
sonality was just as distant an idea to my mind as
any gentleman can imagine. I have not another
word to say in regard to it.
Mr. EWING. I am sorry that the honorable
Senator from Mississippi should suggest the idea
of "bad faith" in regard to this body.
Mr. POOTE. I did so with an "if."
Mr. EWING. I am sorry that he did so, even
with an " if." I do not think it ought to be done
in this body. I wish he would take it back.
Mr. FOOTE. I will not do it. I recognize no
man as censor morum here. When a gentleman
speaks hypothetically, every man of sense is
bound to understand him hypothetically. I could
not use other language than I did use. A gentle'
man—the colleague of the Senator from Ohio—
proposes this amendment gravely, and insists upon
it earnestly. He was sitting by when the com-
pact was made, and said nothing. I felt bound to
say that if the Senate sanctioned that, they would
be acting in bad faith, though I did not believe
they would act in that manner. I would rely upon
them to keep their faith. I have no apology to
make.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have examined this amend-
ment, and I find that there is no appropriation for
which there is not an estimate. I state that as a
matter of justice to the Senator who offered it. I
shall, however, vote against the amendment.
The amendment is as follows:
For the preservation, repair, and further prosecution of
the public works hereafter mentioned, the several sums
specified in connection with each work respectively:
For a breakwater structure at the harbor at Burlington,
on Lake Champlain, $15,000.
For a breakwater structure at the harbor at Plattsbnre, on
Lake Champlain, $15,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at White Hall, on
Lake Champlain, $10,000.
For repairs and working of dredge on Lake Champlain,
99,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Port Ontario, on
Lake Ontario, $15,000. |
For the improvement of the harbor at O&wego, on Lake 1
Ontario, $40,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at the mouth of Big
SoduS bay, on Lake Ontario, $10,000. |
For the improvement of the harbor at the mouth of Little !
Sodus bay, on Lake Ontario, $10,000. f
For the improvement of the harbor at the mouth of the i
Genesee river, on Lake Ontario, $20,000. i
For the improvement of the harbor at the mouth of Oak !
Orchard bay, on Lake Ontario, $10,500.
For a dredge boat on Lake Ontario, $20,000. ;
For the improvement of the harbor at Buffalo, on Lake .
$50 000 re**air extension of the sea wall thereat,
| For the improvement of the harbor at Dunkirk, on Lake
j Erie, $20,000.
1 For the improvement of the harbor at Cattaraugus, on
Lake Erie, $15,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Erie, on Lake Erie,
$40,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Comieaut, on Lake
Erie, $15,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Cunningham's bay,
on Lake Erie, $10,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Ashtabula, $15,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at the mouth of Grand
river, on Lake Erie, $15,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Cleveland, on Lake
Erie, $20,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at the mouth of Black
river, on Lake Erie, $10,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at the mouth of Ver-
million river, on Lake Erie, $10,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Huron, on Lake
Erie. $6,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Sandaekv.onLake
Erie, $30,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Monroe, on Lake
Erie, $20,000.
For a dredge boat for Lake Erie, $20,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Michigan city, on
Lake Michigan, $30,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Chicago, on Lake
Michigan, $15,000.
For a breakwater structure at the harbor of Waukegan,
ob Lake Michigan, $15,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at St. Joseph, on Lake
Michigan, $20,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at the mouth of the
Kalamazoo river, on Lake Michigan, $10,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at the mouth of Grand
river, on Lake Michigan, $10,000.
F or the improvement of the harbor at Milwaukee, on Lake
•Michigan, $20,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Racine, on Lake
Michigan, $10,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Southport, on Lake
Michigan, $15,000
For a dredge boat on Lake Michigan, $20,000.
For continuation of the surveys of the northern and north-
western Lakes, $25,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Dubuque, on the
Mississippi river, $20,000.
For the improvement of the harbor of St. Louis, on the
Mississippi river, $50,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Havre de Grace, in
Maryland, $20,000.
For a breakwater structure at Great Point, Nantucket.
Massachusetts, $20,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at New Bedford,
Massachusetts, $10,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Provincetown,
Massachusetts, $4,500.
For the improvement of the harbor at Wilmington, North
Carolina, and a resurvey of the Cape Fear river, below
Wilmington, and for the survey of the harbor at the mouth
of New river, below Jacksonville, North Carolina, $10,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Bridgeport, Con-
necticut, $10,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Savannah, and the
naval anchorage near Fort Pulaski, $50,000.
For the construction of a breakwater structure at Stam-
ford Ledge, in the harbor of Portland, Maine, $20,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Falmouth, Massa-
chusetts, between Buzzard's bay and Vineyard Sound,
$4,500.
For the improvement of the harbor at Providence, and
the removal of a rock in Saukonnet river, Rhode Island,
$5,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at New Castle, Dela-
ware, $15,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Newark, New Jer-
sey, embracing the Bay of Newark, and the Kills westward
of the mouth of the bay, $15,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Port Penn, Dela-
ware, or Reedy [eland, at the discretion of the Secretary of
War, $5,000.
For the completing of the removal of the sand shoal in
Pamlico river, below Washington, North Carolina, $5,000.
For the continuation of the Delaware breakwater, $50,000.
For the improvement and further survey of the harbor at
Baltimore city, below the Port Warden's line, and the Pa-
tapsco river, from the said Port Warden's line to the mouth
of said river, $20,000.
For the repair and preservation of the harbors on the coast
of the Atlantic ocean, $20,000.
For the removal of obstructions to the navigation of the
Hudson river, below Watervliet, $75,000.
For the removal of the obstructions to the navigation
of St. Clair river, connecting the upper and lower lakes,
$40,000. 5
For the improvement of the Ohio river above the falls at
Louisville, $80,000.
For the improvement of the Mississippi river, the Ohio
below the Falls at Louisville, and the Missouri and Ar-
kansas rivers, $240,000.
For the improvement of the Red river, $80,000.
For the repair of the dam at the head of Cumberland
Island, in the Ohio river, $50,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Stamford, Connec-
ticut, $5,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Manitowac, in the
State of Wisconsin, $10,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Sheboygan, in the
State of Wisconsin, $10,000.
For the improvement of the upper and lower rapids of the
Mississippi river, $50,000.
For the improvement of the Hurlgate channel, in New
York harbor, $30,000.
For the removal of rocks obstructing the navigation of
Cobstock Bay, near Falls Island, below the port of Pem-
broke, on the coast of Maine> $5,000.
,' For the improvement of the harhor at the mouth of Sagi-
j naw river. 111 Saginaw Bav, on Lake Huron, ,>10,000.
I For the improvement of the Bayou Lu Fourche, in the
Mississippi river, $25,000.
For the improvement and further survey of the hirbor at
the month of Clinton river, on Lake St. Clair, in the State
of Michigan, $10,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Putncyville. in the
State of New York, on Lake Ontario, $10,000.
For the improvement of the harbor ?it the mouth of Black
river, in the State of Michigan, $10,000.
For a survey of the hatbor at Beaufort, North Carolina,
with an estimate of the cost and advantages m said haibor,
of connecting the river Nctise therewith, $2,500.
For the survey of the Mississippi river above the Falls of
St. Anthony, for the purpose of ascertaining what improve-
ments (and the expense thereof) can be made in the navi-
gation at Sauk and Pike rapids, $5,000.
For completing the topographical and hydrographical sur-
vey of the delta of the Mississippi river, together with addi-
tional surveys, having reference to the overflowing of the
Mississippi river, $30,000.
For a survey of the harbor at Mobile, $50,000.
For surveying the entrance to Taunton harhor, Ma<«a-
chusctt-s. $1,500.
For the improvement and further survey of the harbor at
Richmond city. Virginia, and the James river from said har-
bor to the mouth of said river, $20,000.
For the construction of snag and dredge boats, and dis-
charging scows, for the removal of obstructions in the har-
bors on the coast of Texas, $50,000.
For the removal of Middle Rock, designated on the chart
as "Rocky Buoy," in the harbor of New Ilavcn, Con-
necticut, $6,000.
The question was taken on the amendment,,
with the following result.-
YEAS—Messrs. Chase, Seward, and Walker—3.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Bor-
land, Bright, Clarke, Clemens, Cooper, Davis of Missis-
sippi, Dawson, Dickinson, Dodge of Iowa. Douglas, Downs,
F-vvine, Felch, Foote, Greene, Gwin, Hamlin, Houston,
Hunter, Jones, King, Mason, Miller, Morton, Norris,
Pearee, Rantoul, Rusk, Shields, Smith, Soule, Spruance,
Whitcomb, and Yulee—38.
I So the amendment was refected.
I Mr. FOOTE. I offer the following amend-
j ment:
i For the four principal clerks in the Department of State,
whom the Secretary of State is hereby authorized to ap-
point at a salary for each not to exceed $2,000 per annum -r
and for one clerk, whom the Secretary of State is hereby
authorized to appoint at a salary not exceeding $1,400 per
annum, $9,400.
It will be perceived that that is part of the
amendment which I offered the other day. At
| the suggestion of several gentlemen who supposed
| that there might be some difficulty in the appoint-
I ment of the Assistant Secretary of State at this
late period of the session, I have stricken that
from the amendment. I do it at the instance of
the friends of the Administration who sit around
me, so that it is now only a provision for clerks,
| for which I have received estimates from the De-
partment of State.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
i The yeas and nays were ordered.
! Mr. FOOTE. Let me call the attention of the
| Senate to the fact that I read the other day a re-
port of Mr. Buchanan, and also documents from
I Mr. Clayton and Mr. Webster, recommending
| these appointments. There is no one, at all ac-
quainted with the Department of State, who doea
not consider it imperiously necessary to increase
' the force in that Department. I trust, therefore,
i that as there has now been an estimate made, on
which this amendment is based, it will be adopted.
Mr. EWING. I differ with the Senator from
Mississippi but in one thing. He says it is impe-
riously necessary, and I say it is imperatively ne-
1 cessary.
Mr. FOOTE. Then I stand corrected.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand there have been-
two calls of the House of Representatives, and
they have not been able to get a quorum present.
Believing, therefore, that it is imperative in order
to save the bill, I shall vote against every amend-
ment except this, for which I have promised to
vote.
The question was then taken with the following
result:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Cooper, Davis o
Massachusetts, Dawson. Downs, Evving. Foote, Greene,
Gvvin, Hunter, Mason, Miller, Morton, Rantoul, Sewardr
Shields, Smith, Spruance, Underwood, and Wales—- '■
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Borland, Bright, Chase, Clem-
ens, Davis of Mississippi, Dickinson, Dodge of Iowa,
Douglas, Felch. Hamlm, Houston, Jones, Norris, Rusk,
Soule, Walker, Whitcomb, and Yulee—19.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. After the item, "For salaries of
the assistant treasurers of the United States at
New York, Boston, Charleston, and St. Louis,
$11,500," I move to add the following:
