1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
&2£
For tin salary of aa assistant tr**sar r of the United
States at San Francisco, to be appointed by the President,
bv and with the advice and consent of the Senate, $5,000;
and said assistant treasurer shall perform the same duties
and Ik sutject to the same penalties as by law are imposed
upon the assistant treasurer at New York.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senate will vote
down the amendment and send the bill to the
House, for we shall lose the whole bill if we do
not.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senator from Virginia
is not in favor of the public money remaining in
the hands of the collectors in California without
the check of an assistant treasurer. The Secre-
tary of the Treasury says this officer is absolute-
ly necessary to the public interests, and he is un-
doubtedly correct. There is now more than
f1,200,000 in the hands of the collector at San
rancisco, and it has not been less for some time
than a million. Shall this enormous amount be
permitted without check to remain in the hands of
one collecting officer, especially since it has been
charged that portions of these funds have been
used for other than Government purposes? It is
said that such a charge was the cause in part of
the rejection of the nomination of a collector for
that port. This measure is necessary to protect
collecting officers from similar charges, and as a
proper safeguard from the public money. I fully
endorse the following recommendation in the Sec-
retary's letter I now hold in my hand:
" Under these circumstances, I earnestly recommend that
provision be made by law at the present session for an as-
sistant treasurer to be located at San Francisco."
Mr. FOOTE. I have an amendment which has
been sanctioned by the Department of State. Its
object is to send an envoy to Central America,
who shall be accredited to several States, and thus
supply the place of some four charges d'affaires.
There are important and delicate matters to be at-
tended to which require the services of some able
man, and therefore I move the following amend-
ment:
For the salary and outfit of an envoy extraordinary and
minister plenipotentiary to Central America, $18,000; and
for tbe salary of his secretary of legation, $2,000.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I move to add, after the
section for the legislative department in Oregon,
the following:
The collectors in Oregon shall hereafter be allowed
$2,000 each per annum, as compensation for their services,
with such official emoluments and fees as are now provided
by existing laws: Provided, That if such emoluments and
fees, when added to said sum of $2,000, shall make as
amount exceeding $4,000, tbe annual compensation of each
collector in Oregon shall be limited to the last-named sum.
I have before me the law which allows the col-
lectors at Monterey, San Diego, and San Francisco
45,000 each. I have also before me a recent letter
from General John Adair, the collector in Oregon,
in which he states that with the present salary and
fees allowed to him he cannot live there, and he
asks relief from Congress. In my amendment I
have fixed the sum at $1,000 less than is allowed-
to the collectors in California.
Mr. GWIN. In support of the amendment, I
may say that the Delegate of the Territorial
Legislature and the Governor recommended this
appropriation.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have a letter from the
Governor recommending it.
Mr. SOULE. I feel Dound to state that I have
information from several sources in Oregon rec-
ommending this appropriation most strenuously.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I promised my friends
in the District of Columbia to offer the fallowing
amendment, which was offered to this bill in the
House, and was near being carried:
" Far paving the avenue from President's sqaape to-Sock
creek, and fbr a bridge across Rook creek, $38,000."
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. COOPER. I offer the following amend-
ment:
And It U further enacted, That the librarian of Con-
gress be and he is hereby directed to subscribe tor five hun-
dred copies of the decisions of the Snpreme Court of the
United States, as contained in tbe six volumes of Petera's
Condensed Reports and the sixteen volumes subsequent
thereto by the same reporter, and the nine volumes of How-
ard's Reports, if said reports can be purchased at a price
not exceeding two dollars and eighty-two cents-per volute.
And the Seeretary of the Treasury i  hereby directed to pay
for said reports out of any money in the Treasiuy not other-
Wise appropriated. Said reports to be distributed in ffle I
same manner a«rLittfe k Brown *fr edit ion of the Statutes at
Lsrgecf the United Stmts ara.disthtMtedb
The PRESIDENT. Is there any estimate for
that amendment?
Mr. COOPER. There is not-.
The PRESIDENT. Then the amendment can-
not be received.
Mr. PEARCE. I have three additional amend-
ments to offer, but I do not feel justified in offer-
ing any of them.
Mr. RUSK. I have art amendmeat to offer, ;
which I will offer without remark:
For additional compensation to the three Assistant Post-
masters Genera}, whose salaries are hereby fixed at $3,000
per annum from the 1st day of April, 1851, the sum of <
$1,875.
They do as much work as the heads of any bu-
reaus, and are paid much less.
Mr. GWIN. I move to amend the amendment
by adding after the words '' Postmasters General,''
the words " to be appointed by the President, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate."
1 The amendment to the amendment was agreed '1
to, and the amendment as amended was rejected.
Mr. RUSK. I have another amendment to
offer, which does not appropriate a single dollar.
It only requires the district judge in the State of
Texas to hold courts in several places which he is
required by law to do now; but which he says he j
will not do, because the law does not give him
power to appoint a clerk. At present some of |
my constituents have to travel seven or eight j
hundred miles to attend court, and therefore I
offer the following additional section:
St if ficrtk&r enacted, That die district Judge for the
district of Texas be, and he is hereby, required to hold
terms of his court annually at Austin, Tyler, and Browns-
ville, at each of which places He be authorised to appoint a
clerk: and tbe marshal and district attorney for said dis-
trict shall attend upon said court, and the judge may order
transfers of cases, as in his judgment justice may require,
and direct at what places suits against parties residing in j
particular counties shall be brought. j
The amendment was agreed to—ayes 17, noes ;
14. |
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Some time since,
I introduced a bill to equalize the salaries of clerks
in the different bureaus of the War Department. )
The bill passed the Senate and was sent to the
House, and has never been returned here. I do
not know what has become of it. The estimates
have been again sent to me from the War Depart-
| ment, pressing this arrangement, the import of
1 which I will stater in a few words. Those who
1 are in the older bureaus have the lowest salaries.
Our fathers, being more economical than we are,
fixed the salaries of the employees at lower rates
than those fixed at the present time, and the con-
sequence is that tfie new appointees receive larger
salaries than some -Who have grown grey in the
service. This I propose to correct. I have sev-
eral amendments to carry out the estimates, but
first I proprose to amend the item " for compen-
sation of the clerks and messenger in the office of
the Adjutant General, <110,450," by striking out
"ten" and inserting "eleven," and striking out
" four" and inserting " seven," so as to make the
sum #11,750.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I have discharged
my duty as chairman of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and found myself alone in voting for
the amendment; I therefore shall not offer the
other amendments with which I am prepared.
Mr. PEARCE. I move to strike out the fol-
lowing proviso:
" Provided, That the salaries specified above fcr any of
the officer* of any of the Territories of the United States
Strait not be paid in any case where any of the said officers
IMI absent themselves from said Territories and their offi-
cial duties for a period of time greater than sixty days."
Mr. WALKER. If I understand that amend-
ment, it will periwit offioew te absent themselves
from the Territories more than sixty days. I have
lived in a Territory,and I know the inconvenience
of secretaries, judges,olerks* and other officers ab-
senting themselves; se that when- a writ of habeas
corpus was applied for it could not be had, and
when the administratis!) of justice was required in
an emergency there was nobody there to adminis-
ter it. I do hope that the officer* of these Terri-
tories Will not be relieved from the necessity of re-
siding in the Territories, or that they will not be
peoHittsd te- absent thewselve* more than sixty
dav >
Mr. BADGER. I .think the Senator from Wis-
00MZR [Mr. mjauadeistandfr the- pur^
pMe of this, amendment, Lt k< not; to grant per-
mission to officers to absent themselves, but it is
to strike out the provision by which we undertake
to determine that sixty days'absence is an offence
of which the party shall stand convicted ,and with-
out trial, without explanation, and without excuse,
he shall forfeit his salary. Now, this is a new
way of compelling them to do their duty—for we
are punishing them for absenting themselves from
their duty bv act of Congress-.
Mr. WALKER. You may use what terms
you please; but certain it is that if you strike this
proviso out, you permit these officers to absent
themselves for a greater length, of time than is ne-
cessary.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. We do not propose
any punishment, on conviction for this absentee-
ism, more than to stop their pay. This is becom-
ing a very serious evil in Oregon, and the whole
people are complaining of it. I think the amend-
ment ought not to be adopted.
Mr. FOOTE. I should like to understand this
matter, as honorable Senators differ very much in
regard to it. I should like to vote with my friend
from North Carolina [Mr. Badger] if he is cor-
rect, or with my friend from Iowa [Mr. Dodge]
if he is correct.
The question being taken upon the amendment,
upon a division it was not agreed to—ayes 17,
noes 17.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives by Mr. Young, their Clerk, announc-
ing that the House had passed Senate bill No. 13,
for the relief of Cincinnatus Trousdaleand John G.
Connelly, of Arkansas, without amendment, and
had also agreed to suspend the 17th joint rule so
far as to authorize the presentation of this bill to
the President of the United States for his signa-
ture; and also that the Speaker had signed Senate
bill entitled "A bill to allow the New Haveu and
New London Railroad Company to make a road
through the custom-house lot at New London;"
which was signed by the President of the Senate.
The Senate concurred in the vote of the House
suspending the 17th joint rule in relation to the
above bill.
The civil and diplomatic appropriation bill was
then reported to the Senate with the various amend-
ments.
The PRESIDENT. The question will be ta-
ken on all the amendments together, unless there is|
objection.
Mr. COOPER. I move to except the amend-
ment striking out the appropriation for a custom-
house at Pittsburg.
Mr. PEARCE. I move to except the amend-
ment increasing the compensation of the public
gardener from $1,300 to $1,500.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I move to except the
amendment relating to a custom-house at Louis-
ville.
Mr. WALKER. I move to except the amend-
ment which authorizes the issuing of Government
stocks.
The other amendments made as in Committee
of the Whole, were then concurred in.
The question then recurred on concurring in the
amendment increasing the compensation of the
public gardener.
Mr; PEARCE. I will state the reason why I
object to that amendment. Twelve hundred dol-
lars has been his compensation for a considerable
time. It wa  originally $1,000; it was increased
to $1,300; and now, ot  the motion of the Senator
from Kentucky, it is proposed to raise it to $1,500.
Twelve hundred dollars is the salary of the botan-
ists connected with the exploring expedition, and
I think that $1,200 is a sufficient compensation for
the public gardener.
Mr. FOOTE. This amendment was proposed
by the venerable Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Clat,] who seemed to haive a great sympathy for
the man. He is, we know, an accomplished gar-
dener, and made great sacrifices in coming here at
first. He enjoyed the highest confidence of Gen->
end Jackson, and has rendered very important ser-
vices in his office1. I shall vote to concur in the
amendment.
The amendment was not concurred in.
The next question was on concurring- in the
amendment striking out the following items- for
custom-houses at Pittsburg and Louisville:
" Fbr purchasing a site and commencing theerecttow of *
suitable building is the city of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, fbr
customhouse, post office, court-rooms, and other offices of
