1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
827
ted with man from his earliest history, so far back
that we cannot tell when the camel existed in the
wild state, is little known in our country. It has
even been a matter of dispute among anatomists
as to its anatomical organization. But I think if
Senators were aware of the extent to which this
animal is used, they would be seriously inclined
to adopt this proposition. It is truly, as figura-
tively, the " ship of the desert." It now conveys
a great trade between China and St. Petersburg,
and Moscow. It is kept in Circassia. It is used
by the English army in the East Indies in trans-
portation, and even carrying light guns on their
backs. It was used by Napoleon in his Egyptian
campaign. He understood the value of a drome-
dary corps in dealing with the race to which our
wild Apaches and Camanches bear a close re-
semblance. If gentlemen knew how great is the
embarrassment, especially in a cavalry corps, in
waiting for a great train of mules to draw the guns
with which they are incumbered, I do not think
the proposition would excite a laugh. Norwould
gentlemen smile at the proposed introduction of
camels, if they knew how essential they were in
the pursuit of the wild Indians, who now escape
from our cavalry in nearly every pursuit which
is made. But recently, under an officer who has
been well tried as a commander, a band of Apaches
came upon his soldiers, dashed through his camp,
got some seven or eight horses, loosened his horse
frem the picket, and ran off with them. In a still
more striking case, as some soldiers were playing
cards upon a blanket, seeing the Apaches coming,
they sprang to their feet. An Apache caught the
blanket upon his lance and galloped off with it.
Pursuit was made, but it was unavailing. These
dromedaries, who drink enough water before they
start to last a hundred miles, traveling continually
without rest at the rate of fifteen or twenty miles
an hour, would overtake these bands of Indians.
This the cavalry cannot do. They would have
the advantage of generally being able to capture
them in one day. They would certainly overtake
them very soon.
There is another advantage. A man who rides
a dromedary can take an infantry man behind him,
and carry him to the place to which he is to go.
The weight is scarcely felt. Small cannon, if it
is necessary, can be mounted upon them, and car-
ried over mountains and deserts and plains, where
horses cannot draw them. The efficiency of these
dromedaries and camels is so great that if they
will bear our climate and the food of our country,
I believe that it will be the greatest stroke of econ-
omy which has ever been made in regard to trans-
portation. This is an experiment which ought to
be tried; but when we remember that they are
used in the same parallel of latitude, and are ac-
customed to eat the hardest shrubs, to drink the
same brackish water which is said to exist in some
portions of our western desert, we may expect
they will soon be capable of doing here all that
they are capable of doing in the East.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, informing the Senate that he
had this day approved and signed the bill to grant
totheNew Haven and New London Railroad Com-
pany the right of way through the custom-house
lot in New London, and also the act for the relief
of Cincinnatus Trousdale and John G. Connelly,
of Arkansas.
Mr. EWING. It is very true that the Arabian
camel, from the northern part of Arabia, and the
dromedary exist in a latitude corresponding to
that in which it is intended to apply them here.
The Bactrian camel, perhaps, exists"alittle further
north. But I would ask the Senator from Missis-
sippi if the elevation is not much more considera-
ble, making the climate colder in the interior of the
countiy and in our deserts than where either the
Bactrian or the Arabian camel is used ? Every
three hundred feet of elevation is, I believe, equi-
valent to a degree of latitude, and I think the ele-
vation in some parts of our country is something
like six thousand feet, which would be equal to
ten or twelve degrees of latitude, or more, further
north.
Mr. HUNTER. These dromedaries, perhaps,
will expedite the troops when we get them; but I
fear they will not expedite very much the passage
of this bill, which it is very important we should
1>ass now, as the Navy bill is behind, and it may
ead to some debate.
Mr. RANTOUL. The appropriation for these I
camels and dromedaries, according to my idea, is
rather an extravagant one. Camels can be im-
ported from Tangiers, so as to be delivered in
this country, with all the expenses of Arabian at-
tendants and everything else, for something like
$300 apiece. That leads me to suppose that the
subject has not been fully examined, although I
have no doubt that the camel would be extremely
useful in the country in which it is proposed to
use him. It is used in Persia, and Persia is a
country quite as cold as it is here. Though I have
no doubt that the project would be successful, 1
think it had better be postponed until it can be
more fully examined.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I do not know
why the Senator should wish it to be postponed.
I do not know that at a future time we shall have
the light of his information upon the subject. The
estimate for this item is based upon the facts stated
by one who has grown up to the use of this animal,
and has taken extraordinary care in the compila-
tion of the items. The appropriation is to cover
the extent of the selection of the best animals of
the various breeds. It is not like going into the
market at Alexandria, and purchasing such camels
as may be offered, but we propose to go to the
desert and get all the varieties of breeds, and then
into the mountain districts and collect others, to
constitute a single troop of fifty. In that way it
is evident that the expense must be greatly in-
creased beyond what it would be to purchase all
of any one kind of camels, two-humped, one-
humped, or even the fleet dromedaries, and buy-
ing them all in one place, and bringing them to the
nearest port and shipping them. They certainly
would cost less than the kind it is proposed to
bring here. Besides, it is proposed to bring equip-
age, and men who understand them—dromedary
saddles, bridles, and drivers—in order that the ex-
periment, if attempted at all, may be attempted
upon something like a sound basis.
As I stated before, the estimate of the Secretary
of War is said by him to be the maximum. He
based his repojrt upon the authority of one who
has as much information upon the subject as any
man in the country. I do not think the Secretary
of War would have sent me an estimate without
examining the items. If he had, I should not have
presented it to the Senate. It would have been a
mere guess; a sum based upon the vague idea of
what the animal might be worth in some parts of
the United States. I should have required a further
proof before offering it to the Senate. I ask for
the veas and nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being
taken, resulted:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Borland, Davi«
of Mississippi, Dawson, Dickinson, Downs, Ewing, Foote,
Greene, Gwin, Hamlin, Houston, Sebastian, Smith, SouM,
Spruance, and Yulee—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Atebison. Bright, Chase, Clarke, Clem-
ens. Davis of Massachusetts, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas,
Felch, Hunter, Jones, King, Mason, Miller, Morton, Norris,
Pearce, Rtuitoul, Rusk, Seward, Shields, Underwood,
Walker, and Whitcoinh—iM.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SHIELDS. I have an amendment to offer
which adds nothing in the way of expenditure,
and to which I presume there will be no objection.
It is to add, after the provision for arms for the
national armory, the following:
Prodded, That the Secretary of War be authorised and
directed to issue and deliver to such States and Territories
as may make reqnisition for the same, repenting pistols ap-
proved by the Ordnance Department, to the extent to which
such State or Territory may be entitled to arms under the
existing laws.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not see how we can
adopt that amendment without taking money out
of the Treasury, because I understand we must
buy the pistols.
Mr. SHIELDS. There is now a general law
for the distribution of arms, and this proviso
merely allows those States which prefer them to
take pistols instead of other arms.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the amendment will be
adopted. We need these arms very much in my
State, and I hope they will be distributed. They
are already on hand, I believe.
Mr. BORLAND. I do not think the amend-
ment ought to be adopted._ As I understand the
laws, I think the arms will have to be bought.
The War Department has now the discretion of
buying arms when needed for the troops. If this
be passed, when the States call for this kind of
arms it will become obligatory on the Department
to furnish them, whether they are needed for the
public service or not. At present arms of every
kind are on hand, but this will actually require an
expenditure of money where the matter is now
left discretionary with the Department.
Mr. SHIELDS. I have conversed with the
Secretary of War, and I understand that this does
not add n dollar to the expenditure. It only sub-
stitutes these arms, at the discretion of the State
or Territory , for the arms of a different kind which
they are entitled to receive.
Mr. HUNTER. I am afraid the Senator from
Illinois is mistaken. How is the Secretary of War
to substitute these pistols unless he purchases
them ? This is a patented implement, I under-
stand, and cannot be manufactured at the United
States armories, and of course the Secretary will
have to purchase them of Mr. Colt.
Mr. SHIELDS. I have done my duty in offer-
ing the amendment.
Mr. CLEMENS. I may state, in addition to
what has been said by the Senator from Illinois,
that the Senator from Texas and myself called on
the chief of the Ordnance Bureau, and he informed
us that they did not want money, but merely
wanted a construction of the law which would en-
able them to furnish, upon the requisition of the
States, these arms instead of the old holster pistol
which they are now entitled to receive under the
act of 1802. ^
Mr. WALKER. I think I know something in
relation to this matter. There have been blank
forms sent to the Governors of the States, to
make applications for these arms. These blank
applications have been filled up without under-
standing, in many instances, the operation of
them; and those applications have been made
for these arms. The law does not authorize the
Ordnance Bureau to expend any money in the
purchase of arms; and if this provision is adopted
it will give power to expend money for the benefit
of the individual from whom these arms will be
purchased.
Mr. RUSK. I wish we had more time to dis-
cuss this question; but there is a law upon the
subject now. There is a law now upon the statute-
book requiring $100,000 worth of arms to be dis-
tributed to the militia of the States. That is the
law, and the operation of it is that an annual ap-
propriation is made. In this bill there is an ap-
propriation of some $300,000 for that very object.
These arms are distributed to the States in pro-
portion to the returns of their militia. Now the
question is, whether you will give them such arms
as they require, such arms as will be of service to
them, or arms which, in combat with the Indians,
amount to nothing more than corn-stalks? Why,
I would rather go among the Indians with a good
club than with a holster-pistol or musket, for they
would be of no use at all. I am anxious that the
United States should furnish Texas with these
arms, to be used in the defence of herself against
the Indians.
Mr. WALKER. If the arms are to be fur-
nished, they must be purchased, for the Govern-
ment does not manufacture them.
Mr. RUSK. We buy a hundred thousand dol-
lars' worth every year.
Mr. FOOTE. The opponents of this proposi-
tion say that the Government does not manufac-
ture these arms, and yet it is admitted that they
are better fitted for all the purposes of the States
desiring arms, than any others which can be
named. The simple question then is, whether we
shall supply the States, especially such States as
Texas and others bordering on the Indian territo-
ry, with these pistols, or with such arms as are
utterly useless for any practical object. It does
seem to me that the practical view of the subject
is favorable to this proposition, and I shall vote
for it with great' cheerfulness. I do not suspect
that there is a job here, notwithstanding the sug-
gestions of Senators.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. This is a weapon
for which the inventor holds a patent. It therefore
cannot be made at the armories of the United
States; so that if they be distributed by the United
States, they must be purchased. There are some
circumstances under which I think it might be well
to distribute these arms. The rangers on the
Texan frontier find them very useful. For city
guards, where controversies occur in houses or in
close streets, where one would have to encounter
half a dozen suddenly, they would be very useful.
