8-28
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3
But I do not think tliey are proper arms to issue
to the militia of the United States. Our inilitiif
presupposes preparation for a state of war, and
should use aims of the same standard that they
would be required to use in war, so that they may
be ready ill the event of a war to march to the
field unit exactly the weapon for which the fixed
anmiiuiuion will be sent. Therefore it is that we
ha-, e a certain calibre for muskets, riiles, and pis-
tols, all adeems;, so that the cartridges for one
may be used for another. This is also a compli-
cated weapon, and it is not so very easy to under-
stand how to keep it in order and take care of
it. AVe all know very well that the arms of the
militia are used on certain occasions, and then put
into the armories. Such weapons as this in a damp
climate will rust and go to ruin. I do not think
it is advisable to issue them, except to a very
limited extent, and certainly not to militia. If the
proposition had been in relation to breech-loading
rifles, I should have preferred it. I should have
expected the Government to buy the patent of that
weapon, and to proceed to the manufacture of it at
once.
Mr. GWIX. The country bordering on the
Sierra Nevada is filled with Indians; thiity thou-
sand are estimated to be there. The mountains
are very steep and very broken, and it is impossi-
ble to pursue these Indians or to overtake them
with muskets. You cannot fight them with any
success until these pistols are adopted in that
country. They would be very beneficial if we
could get them, and I am very anxious that my
State should have the advantage of them.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes 17, noes
10.
The bill was then reported to the Senate as it
had been amended in Committee of the Whole,
and all the amendments were concurred in except
the one which had been offered by Mr. Shields,
in regard to repeating pistols, on concurrence with
which—
Mr. WALKER asked a separate vote; and on
that he asked for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. RUSK. One word in relation to this
amendment. It proposes to authorize the States to
take such arms as they may choose, which they
may deem most efficient. If the Governor of a
State, who is the commander-in-chief of the militia,
and who has to use these arms, chooses to select
arms which can be available, this proposes to give
him the right to do so. If he does not, as a matter
of course the ordinary muskets and pistols will be
taken. I have seen old pieces of cannon taken by
the States that were not worth a sixpence. The
muskets taken by the States, in nine cases out of
ten, rust, and rot, and are of no use. This amend-
ment leaves it discretionary. As to the amount of
money to be taken from the Treasury, it will be
just the same whether muskets are given or re-
peating pistols are given. Here you give authority
to the States to take such arms as they may choose.
I think it would be better to repeal the whole law
than not grant this.
Mr. BORLAND. I desire to make a remark
upon two points assumed by the Senator from
Texas. He says that if muskets are issued they
will rust and become good for nothing. If so, the
objection to these pistols is greatly increased. As
the Senator from Mississippi remarked, they will
certainly, for want of care, necessarily become
rusty and good for nothing. Again, the Senator
is mistaken in supposing that it will require no ad-
ditional expenditure of money to provide these
pistols. As the law now stands, the distribution
of arms is made from those arms which we have
already in the arsenals. This will require an ex-
penditure of money, because we have not the pis-
tols, and they must be purchased.
Mr. YULEE. I would inquire of the gentle-
man who offered this amendment what is the cost
of these pistols? I understand it is some f40, or
more.
Mr. SHIELDS. I have already stated that these
pistols could not be got under this proviso unless
they are embraced within the present law. The
intention is to furnish them to New Mexico,
Texas, and California, for the purpose of defend-
ing the inhabitants, as far as possible, from the at-
tacks and depredations of the Indians.
Mr. YULEE. My question was as to the cost
of these pistols.
A Senator. Twenty-fiv# dollars.
Mr. PEARCE. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to allow the Navy appropriation bill
on the table to be referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mr. CLEMENS. I object, until this bill is
disposed of.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. It is not merely
for the pleasure of the States that arms are issued.
It is also for the benefit of the Government. It is
to provide the militia with such arms as are used
in time of war. Now, if we are to purchase a
certain number of different kinds of arms, and turn
them over to the States and Territories, it does not
differ at all from issuing a certain amount of money
to these States and Territories for the purpose of
arming themselves.
The question being taken on concurring in the
amendment, resulted:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Baldwin, Bradbury, Clemens,
Dickinson, Douglas, F.wing, Foote, Gwin, Hainhn, Hous-
ton, Jones, King, Rantoul, Rhett, Rusk, Sebastian,Shields,
Smith, nnri Soul;'1—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Borland, Bright, Chase, Clarke,
Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson,
Dodge of Iowa, Downs, Felch, Hale, Hunter, Mason, Mil-
ler, Morton, Norris, Poarce, Pratt, Seward, Spruance,
Underwood. Walker, Whitcomb, and Yulee—25.
So the amendment was not concurred in.
The amendments were then ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time; the
bill was read a third time, and passed.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion by Mr. DOWNS, it was ordered
that Fontaine J. Davenport, Alpheus S. F. Daven-
port, John B. Eddins, Jacob Hickman, Hannibal
Faulk, Morgan O. Ross, Eli W. Ross, the heirs
of James L. Henderson, C. H. Morrison, and
A. P. Brittingham, severally have leave to with-
draw their petitions and papers.
On motion by Mr. D., leave was granted to
withdraw the petition of the inhabitants of the
parish of Moorhouse, Louisiana.
NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion by Mr. PEARCE, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill making ap-
propriations for the naval service for the year
ending June 30, 1852.
The bill was read a first time, ordered to a sec-
ond reading, and by unanimous consent was read
a second time, and referred to the Committee on
Finance.
A. G. BENSON.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which was referred the memorial of
A. G. Benson, submitted a report, asking to be
dischaiged from the further consideration of the
same; which was agreed to; and the report was
ordered to be printed.
DANIEL WINSLOW.
Mr. NORRIS, from the Committee of Claims,
to which was referred the petition of Daniel Wins-
low and sureties, submitted a report accompanied
by a bill for the relief of the sureties of Daniel
Winslow.
The bill was read a first time, and ordered to a
second reading. The report was ordered to be
printed.
NAVAL COURTS-MARTIAL.
Mr. JONES submitted the following resolution;
which was read and ordered to be printed:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of revising so much
of the laws for the government of the Navy as relates to
the institution of naval courts-martial in certain cases, and
to report thereon on the third Monday in January next.
1. That whenever the Secretary of the Navy shaH be the
accuser or prosecutor of any commissioned officer, the
court-martial for the trial of such officer shall be appointed
by the senior naval officer on duty in tile United States,
whose powers and jurisdiction over the whole proceedings
in the case shall be the same as exercised by the commander
of a squadron or fleet of the United States under the exist-
ing law.
2. That courts-martial hereafter instituted for the trial of
a commander-in-chief of a squadron or fleet shall be a full
court-martial of thirteen members.
3. That with a view to the service, as well as economy
both in time in bringing to trial officers of the Navy and in
conducting the proceedings of naval courts-martial, no civ-
ilian shall hereafter be employed as judge advocate.
4. That the judge advocate shall berentter be appointed
from the officers of the line of the Navy, as practised in the
Army, whose extra compensation shall not exceed $2 per
day while officiating as judge advocate.
RESCUE OF A FUGITIVE SLAVE IN BOSTON.
Mr. BRADBURY. I am instructed by the
Committee on the Judiciary, to whom was re-
i ferred the message of the President relative to the
! late proceedings in Boston oil the occasion of the
rescue of a fugitive slave, to submit a majority and
also a minority report. I move that they be printed,
and also that the committee be discharged from the
further consideration of the subject.
The reports are as follow:
Report of the Committee on the Judiciary.
The committee being called upon near the close of the
session to consider the subject involved in the message of
the President, deem it proper at tins time to confine the ex-
press-ion of their opinion to one or two points presented ill
that document.
That the executive officers of the Government should pos-
sess full and adequate power to enforce the execution of tho
laws will not be questioned ; and the committee are of opin-
ion that they possess such power now, without the aid of
further legislation.
In the execution of judicial process, the marshals and their
deputies have authority to call to their assistance, whenever
it is necessary, the posse comitatus within their jurisdiction,
and, to adopt the language of the President, "it is supposed
not to be doubtful that all citizens, whether enrolled in tho
militia or not, may be summoned as members," and that it
is their duty to obey such summons.
The committee are not aware of any reason that exempts
the citizens who constitute the military and naval forces of
the United States from like liabilities to this duty. Because
men are soldiers or sailors, they cease not to be citizens ;
they possess all the rights and are bound by all the duties of
other citizens; and while acting under the call and direc-
tion of the civil authority, they may act with more efficien-
cy and without objection in an organized form, under ap-
propriate subordinate command.
The Constitution of the United States and the laws of
Congress passed in pursuance thereof being paramount to
State legislation, no State enactments in conflict with them
can nullify them or exonerate the citizen from his duty to
render them obedience.
When occasions arise (which must necessarily be rare)
when the civil power proves inadequate to maintain the
laws, the President is authorized by the acts of Congress of
28th February, 1795, and March 3d, 1807, to call forth and
employ, in the manner prescribed by these acts, the militia
of the States, and the land and naval forces of the United
, States, to suppress insurrections and to enforce the due ex-
' ecution of the laws.
I A review of the powers possessed by the Executive by
virtue of existing laws, to which we have herein alluded,
and the experience of the past, have led the committee to
the opinion that further legislation is not essential to enable
the President to discharge, as we have confidence he is dis-
posed to discharge, with fidelity, his high constitutional duty
to see that the laws are faithfully executed. The commit-
tee, therefore, deem it inexpedient to recommend at this
time further legislation, and ask to be discharged from the
further consideration of the subject.
Report of the Minority, by Mr. Butler.
In submitting my views on the message of the President
referred to the J udiciary Committee, it is not my purpose
to express my dissent from the general and unqualified con-
clusion of the majority of the committee, to wit, that it ia
unnecessary at this time, by further legislation, to give the
President power over the militia and military forces of
the Government for the purpose of suppressing insurrections
and combinations to obstruct the execution of the laws.
There are some subjects of the message presented to the
consideration of Congress, and which address themselves
specially to the consideration of the committee, upon which
I feel it a duty to express an opinion, lest by silence there
might be a tacit recognition of one of the assumptions, and
an approbation of some of the recommendations of the mes-
sage.
Previously to the act of 1807, it seems to have been the
implied understanding of all the departments of the Govern-
ment that the President was confined to the militia, " to
suppress insurrections against the State government and to
suppress combinations against the laws of the United
States,"
The act of 1795 indicates the occasions and prescribes the
manner in which the militia shall be called out and em-
ployed. The President cannot order out the militia to sup-
press insurrection against the State government, without
being called on to do so by the legislative or executive au-
thority of the State concerned.
To suppress combinations against the laws of the United
States, it is the duty of the President to judge of the occa-
sion for calling out the militia. On all occasions forcalling
out and employing the militia, it was made the duty of the
President, by the act referred to, to issue his proclamation
as a warning to the employment of force. This provision
was founded in usage, and has had the sanction of time,
trial, and experience. It is but the warning voice of a for-
bearing Government. There might be some occasions when
the interval between such warning and the actual employ-
ment of force might be of some duration. Other occasions
might be such as to require the force to follow in quick suc-
cession to the warning of a proclamation. The order to call
out the militia and the proclamation might emanate at the
same time.
It seems to have been in contemplation by the act of 1795
to put at the disposal of the President a quasi military posse
comitatus of citizen soldiers, to maintain the dominion of
the laws, in which they had the interest of citizens. It was
to make use of one class of citizens to bring another to a
sense of justice and a proper submission to the laws. I ap-
prove its wisdom. Ail insurrection would be much more
easily quelled bvthe array of neighbors and fellow-citizens,
than by the employment of a trained and organized army
whose only influence would be the employment of force.
An overwhelming force might be employed in the first case,
whilst the other might only be strong enough to provoke
collision, and end in blood. Whatever might be the views
of our ancestors, it is certain that until 1807 the militia was
