1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
829
the only force put at the disposal of the- President to sup-
press insurrection, &c.
The act of 1807 is in these words: " That, in cases of in-
< surrection or obstruction to the taws, either of the United
< States or of any individual State or Territory, where it is
< lawful for die President of the United States to call forth
< the militia for suppressing such insurrection or causing the
«laws to be duty executed, it shall be lawful for him to em-
ploy for the same purpose such part of the land and naval
< force as shall be necessary, having first observed all the
* prerequisite* 9/ the law t  ofA-er respects."
So far as it regards the employment of the army and naval
force, the President maintains that he is subject to 110 pre-
requisites of the act referred to, but that they are absolutely
at his command for the purposes indicated.
The words of the President are: " Congress, not probably
c adverting to the difference between the militia and the
c regular arflny, by the act of March 3d, 1807, authorized the
' President to use the land and naval force of the United
' States for the same purpose for which he might call forth
* the militia, and subject to the same proclamation. But the
c power of the President, under the Constitution, as com-
c mander of the army and navy, is general, and his duty to
< see the laws executed is general and positive; and the act
* of 1807 might not to be construed as evincing any disposi-
*tion in Congress to limit or restrain any of his constitu-
* tional authority." The import of which is that die Presi-
dent may use the army and aavy as he may think proper,
under the plentitude of his constitutional authority; and
that he is not constrained by the act of 1807, nor can he be
restrained by any act of Congress. Being ex officio com-
mander, he can use the army jn suppressing insurrections in
* manner different from that in which he is required to use
the militia.
For the specific and sometimes delicate purposes indica-
ted,- I think Congress has the direction of the President.
When actually in command, for repelling Invasion or for
any other purpose, he most exercise his own judgment,
under his constitutional discretion. la one sentence, 1
deny that the President has a right to employee army and
navy for suppressing insurrections, &c., without observing
the same prerequisites prescribed for him in calling out the
Militia for the same purpose.
His suggestion in his message is, that he shall have a
right to employ the militia as he contends he has a right
under the Constitution to employ the regular military force;
that is, without notice of a proclamation. 1 do not think
he has the right to call out the military force of the Govern
ment without observing the prerequisites of the act of1795;
and I am unwilling to give him such power in calling out
the militia. I would regard it as a fearfully momentous oc-
casion to see the Army called out to shoot down insurgents
without notice or proclamation.
The truth is, it must be regarded as a significant omen of
the times to be told ttiat a marshal, trader his plenary power
to call out the yone eoetttotus, casnot execrate constitu-
tional laws without resort to force, aad that to be exercised
with the promptness of Executive will.
Justice and the occasion require me to say that I do not
believe the power contended for would be abused by the
present Executive. The precedent for the direction of a
mild and just President may be the rod of power for a mili-
tary despot. A. P. BUTLER.
February 98,1851.
The reports were ordered to be printed, and the
committee was discharged from the farther con-
sideration of the subject.
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Yofvg, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that the House had disagreed to the
amendments of the Senate to the bill making ap-
propriations for the civil and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year ending June 30,
1852, and for other purposes, and ask a confer-
ence thereon, and had appointed Mr. Batlt, Mr.
Vwtojt, and Mr. Jones, managers of the confer-
ence on their part.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, it was
ResoheA, That the Senate insist on their amendments to
the said bill, and agcee to the conference asked by the
House of Representatives on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses.
On motion by Mr. GWIN, it was
Ordered, That the committee of conference on the part
of tbe Senate be appointed by the President pro tempore.
Messrs. Hunter, Ewing, and Dickinson were
appointed said committee.
RULES SUSPENDED.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, it was resolved
that the 16th and 17th joint rules be suspended so
far as relates to the bill making appropriations for
light-houses,light-boats, buoys,&c.,and providing
for the erection and establishment of the same;
the bill for the relief of Collins Andrews; the bill
to authorize one of the regiments of infantry to
be converted into an additional regiment of mount-
ed riflemen and for other purposes; the joint reso-
lution relating to the distribution of certain books
heretofore ordered to be published; and the joint
resolution to authorize the distribution of census
statistics.
BOUNTY LAND WARRANTS.
Mr. BELL. There is a joint resolution on the
table on its third reading, making tend warrants
assignable. I hope it will be read a third time
now.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I should like to
present some reports.
Mr. WALKER. You had better get the ap-
propriation bills safe before you take up that.
Mr. SMITH. 1 hope that resolution will not
be taken up until the appropriation bills are dis-
posed of.
Mr. YULEE. I understand the Navy appro-
priation bill is ready to be reported. There are
various amendments which are to be offered to it
by the Naval Committee.
Mr. BELL. The joint resolution has been ly-
ing on the table for several days.
Mr. WALKER. You had better get your Navy
appropriation bill safely through first.
Mr. PEARCE. 1 object to taking up that res-
olution.
The motion to take up the resolution was not
agreed to—ayes 18, noes 19. j
i ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL. !
A message was received from the House of
i Representatives by Mr. Yoottg, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that the House had disagreed to the
amendments of the Senate to the bill making ap-
] propriations for the support of the Army for tne
I year ending June 80,1852, and asked a conference
I, on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses, and
' had appointed Mr. Toombs, Mr. Thompson of
Mississippi, and Mr. Green, managers on their
part.
I On motion by Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, it
| was
Reeolvei, That the Senate insist on their amendments to
I tbe said bill, and agree to the conference asked by the
Houie of Representatives on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses.
On motion by Mr. GWIN, it was ordered that
the committee of conference on the part of the Sen-
ate be appointed by the President pro tempore.
Mr. Davis, of Mississippi, Mr. Bright, and
Mr. Pratt, were appointed as said committee.
EXTRA COMPENSATION.
Mr. DODGE, oflowa, from the Committee on
the Contingent Expenses of tbe Senate, to which
was referred the resolution submitted by Mr.
Clay, making extra allowances to persons in the
service of the Senate, reported the same back with
an amendment.
WAVY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PEARCE, from the Committee on Finance,
reported back the bill making appropriations for
the naval service for the year ending June 30,
1852, with sundry amendments, and asked for its
immediate consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives by Mr. Young, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that the House had passed bills and joint
resolutions of the following titles, in which they
request the concurrence of the Senate:
An act making appropriations for light-houses,
light-boats, buoys, &c., and providing for the
erection and establishment of the same, and for
other purposes;
An act for the relief of Collins Andrews;
An act to authorize one regiment of infantry to
be converted into one additional regiment of
mounted riflemen, and for other purposes;
A joint resolution relating to the distribution of
certain books heretofore ordered to be printed; and
A joint resolution to authorize the distribution
of census statistics.
Mr. PEARCE. The first amendment which I
have to move from the Committee on Finance is
to strike out that portion of the naval bill relating
to the dry-dock in California, and insert in lieu
of it the following:
For a floating dry-dock, marine railway, or screw-dock
in California, (whichever the Secretary of the Navy may
approve,) ,$150,000; and if he select a floating dry-dock, he
is required to confine the sum hereby appropriated to the
construction of such floating doek alone, without a basin
and railway, and to limit the amount of the whole contract
to tbe aim named in the estimates made by tbe Department
in December, 1850, and to give notice by advertisement in
the usual way for at least sixty days : Provided, also, That
■file Secretary oftha Navy shall consider said estimates fair
and reasonable.
The bill, as it came from the House, contained
a provision very nearly like this—that is to sa-y,
intended to be very much like it; but it was so
inconsistent, contradictory, and incongruous, that
1he Committee on Finance found it necessary to
rewrite and remodel it. The object of the provis-
ion in the House bill was to get rid of the appro-
priation made at the last session for a dry-dock,
marine railway, and basin in California. They
were disposed to limit the expenditures, and they
therefore provided that the Secretary of the Navy
might select a floating dry-dock, without a basin
or railway, or what is called a marine railway,
which is known in the eastern States, or a screw
doek, whichever his judgment might approve.
The amendment of the Committee on Finance
does not, in fact, vary very much from the pro-
vision of the House, while it betters its terms, and
reduces the expenditure which we seemed likely
to incur under the appropriation of last year.
Mr. BADGER. I hope that the amendment
will not be adopted, because its effect will be to
involve the Government in a direct violation of its
faith in regard to the fulfillment of a contract made
under a law by one of its public officers. The
Senate will recollect that, in the beginning of Jan-
uary last, a resolution was introduced by the Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. Ewing,] and referred to the
Naval Committee, for the purpose of examining
into this contract for a dry-dock; also, to ascertain
whether the work, or such portion of it as was
necessary, might be constructed upon better terms
than those upon which these contractors had en-
! gaged or had proposed to engage to construct it.
Upon this reference to the Naval Committee, we
called upon the Secretary of the Navy to inform
us in regard to the state of the contract, and of his
views and opinions upon the question submitted
to us by the Senate. The Secretary informed us
that he had made a contract; that terms had been
j proposed as his final offer to contractors; that the
contractors had obtained time from him to con-
sider them; and that on the 17th of the month
Erevious to the introduction of the resolution, they
ad notified him that they had accepted the terms
proposed.
Mr. PEARCE. I would ask the Senator to
say whether these parties have ever signed any
contract, or agreed in writing to consent to any
contract? I understand there is no such arrange-
ment at all, but that the supposed contract referred
to is merely verbal.
Mr. BADGER. If my friend from Maryland
means to say that the Government does not tech-
nically make a contract until it is signed in wri-
ting, he is right. The state of the case is this:
The proposals and terms, according to the letter of
the Secretary to the committee, had been arranged
and understood. He had said to these contract-
ors, " If you will undertake to do this work ac-
cording to the proposals for so much money, you
shall be employed." The contractors said they
would accept the terms; and the contract would
have been signed and executed—nothing being
left but to reduce it to a written form—but for a
resolution of the House of Representatives, re-
questing or directing that it should be suspended.
I understand the contract to be complete. I un-
derstand that the terms are settled, and that it is a
binding contract in morals.
A written contract is not and cannot be but for
two purposes: one is to prevent mistakes about
terms, and the other to bind to compliance those
I who may need legal coercion. The Naval Com-
1 mittee were unanimously of opinion, and so they
reported to the Senate, that a contract had been
made, and that the Government could not, with-
i out a violation of good faith, retrace its steps. In
the next place, the committee were of the opinion
that the contract as agreed upon was as beneficial
a one as could be made for the Government; and
the Secretary, in his letter to us, said he thought
it would be sufficient to have a floating dock there,
without a basin and railway. He also informed
us that one of the terms proposed and agreed upon
was, that so much of the contract as related to the
basin and railway should not be executed unless,
1 upon the experiment now being made in the dry-
dock at Philadelphia, it should be found to answer
to'his entire satisfaction. Until it was found to
answer, the contract was understood to be solely
for a floating dock. I undertake to say this:
Whether it shall succeed or not, I do not know;
but if it does succeed, it will undoubtedly make
the greatest improvement upon the old dock sys-
tem that has ever been conceived of. If it does
.! not succeed, according to the terms of the contract
