1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S31
who reported this amendment, or to any member
of that committee?
Mr. HALE. As the Senator has put the ques-
tion to me, I will answer it. I said that 1 hoped
the Government would not resort to the contempt-
ible subterfuge of evading a contract on the plea
that it had not been reduced to writing.
Mr. PEARCE. If the Senator applies any re-
marks of that sort to the committee, I would ad-
vise him to be a little more cautious in his language.
Mr. FOOTE. I believe we all understood the
Senator to say that it would be a contemptible
subterfuge to try to evade a contract because it
was not reduced to writing. The Senator from
Maryland stated that in his opinion there was no
contract; so the remark could not apply to him.
Mr. HALE. Certainly. I made no reference
to anybody. I spoke in general terms. I said 1
hoped the Government would not resort to the con-
temptible subterfuge of evading contracts upon the
plea that they were not reduced to writing. As
suggested by the honorable Senator from Missis-
sippi, I could not have referred to the honorable
Senator from Maryland, because he avowed dis-
tinctly that he believed there was no contract. I
believe there is one.
. Mr. PEARCE. Well, let that pass. The Sen-
ator thinks, as the Senator from Virginia does,
that thia contract is binding. I remarked before
that if it were not binding upon individuals, it could
not be binding upon the Government.
Mr. MASON. I do not wish to tnk§ any fur-
ther part in this discussion, but I would like the
Senator to tell me why this contract would not be
binding upon the individual contractors as well as
upon the Government?
Mr. PEARCE. I do not understand how a
contractor, making a contract for a transaction of
this kind, can bind himself without patting it in
writing. I suppose the statute of frauds would
apply. Then it is a mere agreement to enter into
a contract. I suppose a man cannot bind himself
or be bound in any transaction unless his contract
be in writing. I so understand the law. If so,
how could the Government sue the contractors.
If they did, they could not recover anything;
not an iota. However, if the Senate think that it
is such a valid contract that the Government are
bound to execute it, and cannot depart from it, I
suppose they will strike out the amendment of the
committee, and also of the House. I have no
very great objection to that. Gentlemen think dif-
ferently about this matter; but I do not understand
the Secretary of the Navy to have reported in
terms that he had entered into a contract with these
parties, whoever they are.
Mr.' WALKER. I will read for the benefit of
the Senator what the Secretary says. In speaking
of these proceedings, he says:
" Messrs. Dakin & Moody, and Gilbert h Secor, at length
offered to undertake the contract ibr the above estimate of
$1,530,277. This was declined by the Department, and
- Mr. James Brooks, of St. Louis, who prodaced unques-
tionable evidence of character as well as of ability to give
security for (he completion of the work, submitted a pro-
posal at $1,390,000. Thi?, being the lowest bid offered,
would have been accepted but ibr the reason that Mr.
Brooks disclaimed any pretension to a patent right, and
wished to enter into no legal controversy in respect to that
alleged by the other bidders, and proposed only for the [
work. Doubts being entertained whether a contractor for
the work might not be enjoined or otherwise impeded by ;
legal process in its execution by the claimants for the patent
above mentioned, negotiations were continued with Messrs. I
Dakin 8l Moody and Gilbert & Secor, with the knowledge
of Mr. Brooks; and they were finally informed, as the last1
proposition of the Department, that if they would do the
work on the terms stated in the law, at the sum of #1,450,000,
the contract would be concluded. They desired Ume for ■
consultation, and on Friday last, the 17th instant, informed
the Department that they accepted this proposition. The
contract has not been signed or written, nor has any bond
been executed for its fulfillment; and regarding the request
contained in the resolution of the House as equivalent to
a command, I shall take no further steps towards its com-
pletion until the pleasure of Congress in regard to it shall be
made known.
" In reply to so much of the resolution as inquires wheth-
er, in the judgment of the head of this Department, a dock
could not be constructed sufficient for all the purposes of
the Navy at much less expense to the Government than the
one contemplated by the act aforesaid, I have to state that,
in my opinion, a sectional dock alone, without the addition
of a basin and railway, but with a pier to secure it, would
answer every demand of the Navy on the coast of Califor-
nia for many years to come. Such a dock has recently
raised the steamship ' Ohio,' belonging to Messrs. Law i
Co., in the harbor of New York, which ship is over three
hundred feet in length."
I wish the Senator from Ohio were in his seat.
I suppose that he must have received some com- !
munication from the Secretary of the Navy* upon !
this subject, and I should be pleased to hear some-
thing from him in relation to it.
Mr. GWIN. This contract was made on Fri-
day. On Saturday the-Senator from Ohio visited
the Secretary of the Navy, who was opposed to a
basin and railway, but in favor of a dock. On
Monday morning the Senator from Ohio offered
his resolution.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, by unanimous
consent, from the committee of conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
bill making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending June 30,1852, reported
that they had met the committee of conference
on the part of the House, and, after free delibera-
tion, had agreed that the Senate insist upon the
first and recede from the second of their amend-
ments; that they insist on the third and recede
from the fourth; insist on the fifth and sixth and
recede from the seventh, and insist on the eighth
amendment; and recommend to their respective
Houses the adoption of this report.
By unanimous consent the Senate proceeded to
consider the report, and it was resolved that they
concur therein.
Mr. BADGER. The Secretary states that he
said to these contractors, if they would take this
work for a certain sum they should have it. The
contractors agreed to take it at that sum. I say that
makes a contract. - It makes a contract in law.
If we come to the statute of frauds and perjuries,
it does not apply to the Government. It applies
only to individuals. But in any case it is a mat-
ter of no importance. Here there is a contract
binding upon both parties in honor, binding upon
the faith of the Government as well as upon the
contractors. Suppose we had no legal means of
coercing the contractors, suppose they are desti-
tute of any legal means of coercing the Govern-
ment, why should we set the example of putting
aside our contracts ? I hope we will not try to dis-
charge the Government from a solemn obligation
which it has thus incurred.
Mr. PEARCE. I would ask the Senator
whether all the terms of the contract were agreed
upon, the time at which the money should be paid,
the installments in . which it should be paid, the
precise amount of timber to be put in the dock,
and its character? Was all that agreed upon ? If
it was not, then it is not a contract?
Mr. RHETT. I know very little of this matter,
but it appears to me, according to the statement
<5f the Senator from North Carolina, that if any
merchant on 'Change had rrjade such a verbal con-
tract and violated it, he would lose caste and be
considered a dishonest man. If any man were to
make such a contract and break it, he would be
considered as no gentleman and as dishonest. I
would treat the Government as I would treat indi-
viduals, in this case.
Mr. YULEE. The Committee on Naval Af-
fairs (and I concurred with them) came to the con-
clusion, after a careful investigation of the matter,
that the faith of the Government was committed,
and that we were not at liberty to recommend any-
thing to the Senate in the slightest degree violative
of the public faith. It will be recollected by the
Senate that I used my utmost exertions at the last
session to prevent the enactment of the provision
for this dock in California. But when I learned
from the communication of the Secretary that he
had made an offer which had been accepted with-
in the time proposed, and spoke of it himself as a
subsisting contract, I concluded that there was no
time left for inquiry as to what might be saved by
the Government, as our first duty was to save the
honor of the Government, which was of much
higher price than any cost, in dollars, of any of
these docks.
The Secretary uses the word " contract." He
regarded the agreement as a contract with the par-
ties, although he said it was not signed or written.
That, however, was not deemed necessary by the
committee to involve the faith of the Government.
The Secretary regarded it as a contract and so
spoke of it.
Mr. BRIGHT. As a member of the Commit-
tee on - Finance, I examined this matter with a
deep interest, with an anxious desire, from what
I had heard of it, to understand it. I think too
much importance and dignity has been given to it.
From the examination which I have made, I pro-
test against any words embraced in the papers
before us being considered as a contract—such an
agreement as would bind individuals. It was
nothing more than a proposition, which, in the
language of the report of the Secretary, was ac-
cepted. But was that acceptance executed after
the manner in which business men generally trans-
act their business ? Why did not these contractors
come forward and prepare a contract stipulating
the kind, the character, and the quality of. the
work they were to perform, the amount they were
to receive, and when and where they were to re-
ceive it? This which is called a contract is noth-
ing more than a running conversation, and would
not be by a court of law considered as anything
more. If these parties should refuse to execute
the contract, what remedy would the Government
have against them? None at all. Now, if the
Government could not enforce it against them,
how can they enforce it against the Government?
I am unwilling to endorse the action of our officers,
so as to permit them to bind the Government in
the sum of a million and a half of dollars upon
what was said in an idle conversation. For that
reason I approved the amendment of the Commit-
tee on Finance, and believe this work ought to be
opened to the lowest bidders, thinking from the
evidence that it could be done for a million of dol-
lars, if not less. For that reason I sustain the
e?Xr. BALDWIN. It will be recollected by the
Senate that at the last session, when this naval bill
came from the House of Representatives, it con-
tained positive directions to the Secretary of the
Navy to make a contract with the individuals
named in that bill for the construction of this dock,
at a price considerably exceeding in amount that
for which the Secretary states he made the propo-
sition to these contractors. Upon my motion, as
I deemed it not a proper subject for legislation,
but one which pertained more properly to the ad-
ministrative department of the Government, an
amendment was adopted by the Senate, " author-
izing" instead of " directing" the Secretary of the
Navy to make this contract. The Secretary in-
forms us, that in pursuance of this authority, thus
conferred, he entered into negotiations with these
parties, and that after continuing them for some
time and receiving their propositions, he at length,
having satisfied himself as to what would be a
reasonable price for the execution of this work,
proposed to them that he would enter into a con-
tract with them for the execution of the work,
provided they would agree to do it upon the terms
specified in his offer. They took it into consider-
ation; and a day or two after the proposition was
made, notified him of their acceptance.
Now, it does appear to me, as it appeared to the
Naval Committee, that although no contract was
drawn up in form, yet here was the substance of
one. Here was a proposition made, after a long
negotiation, in which the parties had mutually ex-
hibited their views and agreed upon the terms. It
was then the understanding of both parties that a
contract should be performed pursuant to that
proposition and to the acceptance of it. It does
appear to me that if this had been a transaction
between individuals, there could not have been
any doubt that each one of them would have been
as much bound as if the contract had been reduced
to writing. I am unwilling that the Government
of the United States should place itself, in regard
to its engagements, in a different position, or in a
situation in which their contracts would be regard-
ed as less sacred in any degree than the contracts of
individuals.
Mr. BELL. I would ask if it is the intention
of honorable Senators to discuss this proposition
for the remaining time left to us?
Mr. PEARCE. I hope the question will be
taken at once.
Mr. BELL. I was going to propose something
that would be a kind of middle ground between the
two opinions. It seems to me that the proposition
of the House goes upon a middle ground. It pro-
poses not to conform to the contract; and, accord-
ing to the statement of honorable gentlemen, it
appears to me there was a contract. But is the
Senate disposed to enforce it? And if it is, will it
pass the House of Representatives at this stage of
the session?
Mr. BADGER. It is not proposed to enforce
the contract. All that is proposed on the part of
the Committee on Naval Affairs is, that if my
friend from Maryland should withdraw the pro-
posed amendment, or it should be voted down, we
