1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOftE,
835
17th joint rule, so as to allow the above bill to be
presented to the President of the United States.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to take up the bill which has just
been received from the House. Their amendment
is simply to strike out the provision in the Senate
bill increasing the salary of the judge of that dis-
trict. I suppose there will be no objection to
that.
By unanimous consent the Senate proceeded to
consider the above bill. The amendment of the
House was to strike out the following clause:
" That the United States District Judge, for that district,
■hall b« allowed the sum of $500 per annum, in addition to
the salary bow provided by law, in consideration of the
additional duties hereby imposed upon him."
The amendment of the House was agreed to;
and on motion of Mr. Douglas, the Senate agreed
to the resolution of the House suspending the 17th
joint rule, so as to authorize the bill to be presented
to the President of the United States.
Mr. YULEE. I have some amendments to
offer to the bill from the Naval Committee, and I
will state to the Senate that they have been already
engrossed, so that no delay can be occasioned by
their adoption. The first amendment I offer in-
volves no additional appropriations. It is to add
to the provisions for the repair of vessels in ordi-
nary the following proviso:
1*mUtd, That $80,000 of the said appropriation shall
be applied for renewing the'steam-frigate Princeton—the
frame of the hull to be of white oak, and the said steamer
to be in all respects adapted for testing in the fullest manner
the merits of such plans of submerged propellers as the Sec-
retary of the Navy may direct to be tried.
Mr. WALKER. I should like to know from
the chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs
how much the Government has already expended
in tinkering with submerged propellers. I am in-
formed that the amount expended is very large,
perhaps as much as480,000.
Mr. YULEE. That is a question not involved
in this amendment. It will be recollected that the
steamer Princeton was broken up, her hull having
been found to be unseaworthy. The engine is now
lying by, and rusting and becoming a loss for want
of use. They have on hand a frame of white
oak, and there will be no other cost required to
renew the frigate, as recommended by the Depart-
ment, than the labor necessary to be applied. They
do not require a dollar of appropriation, believing
that they can apply a part of the sum appropria-
ted in this bill for the purpose contemplated. The
object of authorizing the rebuilding of that vessel
for the trial of such plan of submerged propellers
as the Secretary of the Navy may think ad visa-
able to test, is to rave expenditure. It is a matter
of great consequence, an object of great consider-
ation with the Navy, to secure, if it be possible,
some means of propulsion which shall be sub-
marine, and which Bnall at the same time be of the
necessary speed for efficiency in naval steam war-
fare. Hitherto the plan has been to make a vessel
for the trial of such an experiment. Here we pro-
pose to rebuild this frigate, which will be efficient
for the purpose of a frigate, and with which may
be tried, at very slight expense, each plan pro-
posed. The trial can be made much cheaper and
much better than if each plan were to be decided
separately with different vessels. We shall, when
die experiments are concluded, still have on hand
a fine frigate, which, it is hoped, will be one of
the very finest vessels in the naval service.
Another object which the committee have in
view, is to test the value of white oak as a mate-
rial for shipbuilding in the navy. If it is found to
answer naval purposes it will be a saving of one
hundred per cent, at least in the cost of our naval
vessels. I hope, therefore, the amendment will
prevail, as it does not require a dollar further ap-
propriation.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. YULEE. I now wish to offer an amend-
ment recommended by the Department, and by
which it is expected to save $30,000 a year. It is
to insert at the end of the 19th line the following:
Provided, That no commutation of rations shall be al-
lowed exoept to officers and their attendants, and for the
spirit part of the ration; and no person not actually at-
tached to and doing duty on board a sea-going vessel, and
the petty officers, seamen, and ordinary seamen attached
to the ordinary of the navy-yards, shall be allowed a ra-
tion : And provided, farther, That no rations stopped for
the sick on board vessels sball be credited to the hos-
pital fund, but shall remain and be accounted for by the
purser as part of the provisions of the vessels; and that the
rations of officers and others of the Navy, sent to hospitals
on shore, shall be credited to the hospital fund at the cost
only thereof; and the chief of the bureau of provisions and
clothing, with the approbation of the Secretary of the N avy,
shall prescribe all such regulations in relation to stopping
such rations as will insure a faithful accountability for the
rations stopped for the sick on board vessels, and to insure
due credit to the hospital fund for the rations at cost of those
sent to the hospitals on shore; the said regulations to go
into effect on the first day of the succeeding month after their
official receipt at yards, stations, and on board vessels.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. YULEE. The next amendment I have to
offer from the Naval Committee is in relation to
the regulation of the rank of assistant engineers
who are absent on duty at the time of examina-
tion . It was passed by the Senate in a separate
bill, and has been recommended by the Naval
Committee of the House, but could not be reached
there for want of time. It is necessary, as an act
of justice, that it should go in this bill. It is as
follows:
Be it further enacted, That if any assistant engineer shall
have been absent from the United States on duty at the time
others of his date were examined, he shall, if not rejected
at a subsequent examination, be entitled to the same rank
with them; and if, from any cause, his relative rank cannot
be assigned to him, he shall retain his original position on
the register.
Sec. 2. Jind be it further enacted. That the rule estab-
lished in the preceding section shall be applied to the cases
of Joshua Follansbee and B. F. Isherwood, who were pre-
vented by reason of their absence on duty from being pres-
ent at the examination ordered for officers of their date.
This is to conform to the practice of the Navy
in reference to surgeons.
Mr. HALE. Does this interfere with the reg-
ulations of the Secretary of tfe Navy ?
Mr. YULEE. Not at all. It is simply to allow
engineers who are absent on duty at the time of
the examination not to lose their rank in conse-
quence.
Mr. HALE. Then I have no objection to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Y ung, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that the Speaker of the House had signed
tie enrolled bill making appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending June 30,
1852.
The President of the Senate signed the said en-
rolled bill.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, by unanimous
consent, it was resolved that the 17th joint rule
be suspended for the purpose of allowing that bill
to be transmitted to the President of the United
States.
Mr. YULEE. I now propose to amend the
naval bill by a simple amendment, which- is to
change the title of one class of officers of the Navy.
It is to add:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That from and after the passage
of this act, all " pursers" in the Navy shall be taken to be
and shall be called " paymastersbut such change of title I
shall not impair, or in any way affect, the rank, pay, privi- j
leges, bonds, duties, or liabilities of any purser now in the
service; and new commissions shall be given to them, and
they shall respectively take rank from tbe dates of their
present commissions: and all laws in any way relating to
the grade of pursers are hereby extended to and are to be
taken as applicable to paymasters in the Navy.
Mr. HUNTER. I would suggest to the chair- !
man of the Committee on Naval Affairs that there |
will be great danger of losing this bill if we go on !
in this way making amendments. We have but
two hours of the session left, and we shall cer-
tainty be obliged to have a committee of conference
on the bill, and besides it will have to be enrolled.
I regret that there is no more time,btft I submit to
the Senator whether, if we go on in this way, the :
passage of the bill will not be jeoparded ? I
Mr. YULEE. The amendments I have to pro-1
pose were prepared under the direction of the Na-
val Committee, and the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Finance knows that I urged upon him yes-
terday and to-day the importance of an early
attention to the Navy bill; and 1 also proposed to
him to examine with me these amendments, that !
the Finance Committee might concur with us in j
sustaining them. At all events, if any delay is j
occasioned by the amendments I have offered it is
not jny fault. I tried to get up the Navy bill as
early as possible. But if the Senate think it is
not advisable that the amendments indicated by
the Naval Committee should be proposed, and
that to offer them would endanger the bill, cer-
tainly it will hot be their desire to do anything
likely to produce that result. I think, however,
that the amendments which I am proposing can-
not delay the bill in going to the House, because
they have been already engrossed; and hence, as
soon as the Senate passes them, they will be ready
to be sent with the bill.
Mr. HUNTER. I simply rise to state that the
Senator from Florida is entirely mistaken if he
supposes I thought it my duty to look over the
amendments to be proposed by the Committee on
Naval Affairs. He knows that I have had no
time for that purpose. If the Committee on Na-
val Affairs have instructed him to offer these
amendments, of course it is his duty to do so;
but I only suggest that he is running the risk of
losing the bill in the House. That is the opinion,
too, of those who understand the state of business
there.
Mr. YULEE. It is very strange that when-
ever the Naval Committee come forward to make
amendments to the naval appropriation bill, they
are always met with some objection. _At the last
session, when action on the appropriation bills
had been delayed until a late hour, the Naval
Committee offered their amendments to that bill,
and the Senate was then called upon to oppose all
amendments, and almost all that we offered were
voted down.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. YULEE. I now offer an amendment at
the desire of the Secretary of the Navy, to enable
him to straighten the boundaries of the Brooklyn
navy-yard.
Mr. CLAY. Will the Senator who is at the
head of the Committee on Naval Affairs allow me
to suggest to him and to the Senate, that the time-
piece of the Senate tells us that no further amend-
ments to this bill ought to be offered. Besides,
this amendment relates to the acquisition of land,
and who can understand it now ? I hope the Sena-
tor will withdraw it.
Mr. YULEE. Under the direction of the com-
mittee it was my duty of course to offer these
amendments for the judgment and action of the
Senate. I have, however, consulted with the other
members of the committee, and as the hour of ad-
journment is fast approaching, they have author-
ized me to suspend the offering of any further
amendments, for the purpose of saving the bill.
T will withdraw this amendment, though I think
we had better pass it.
Mr. PEARCE. I beg the attention of the Sen-
ate for a few moments while I offer an amendment,
which I assure them is, in my opinion, as strictly
necessary as any amendment which the obliga-
tions of law and of contract can require us to pass.
I will state to the Senate frankly that there was
an appropriation for the same purpose contained
! in the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill, but
that it was disagreed to by the committee of con-
j ference of the House, and the committee of the
| Senate agreed to recede from it without being, as I
i think, fully aware of all the circumstances,
j In 1842 Congress passed a law directing the
; Joint Committee on the Library to contract for the
| preparation and publication of the works of the
! Exploring Expedition. In pursuance of that law
they have contracted for the publication of a num-
ber of these works. They have at this time a
number of persons engaged upon the contract to
do certain portions of the work—learned men,
such as Dr. Gray and Dr. Torrey. There are also
other things which they are bound to take care of
according to law.. There are contracts outstand-
ing to pay for paper, printing, and bidding, and
not one of them can be performed if this appro-
priation be refused. If Congress is disposed to
put an end to this, let them at the next session pass
■ an act repealing the act of 1842; but while that
| law continues I trust they will permit appropria-
tions to be made to carry out contracts, which
some gentlemen here consider to bfe so sacred even
when they are not reduced to writing. These
1 contracts are not only in writing, but tne execu-
tion of them is in progress.
j Mr. YULEE. I have only to say that the
j amendments of the Naval Committee were with-
i drawn because of the disposition on all sides not
! to allow toy further delay, lest the passage of the
i bill might be hazarded. Jt is very strange that a
i member of the Finance Committee should, in the
face of all this, not only offer an amendment but
preface it with a speech.
Mr. PEARCE. I would not have offered it if
it were not to save the liational faith and public
honor. '
Mr. BERRIEN. I hope that, in the httle time
