836
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
left to us, we will adopt this amendment and re- 1
deem the public faith. Contracts have been en- I
tered into under the authority of law which cannot
be fulfilled unless this appropriation is made.
The amendment offered by Mr. Pearce is:
For continuing the preparation and publication of the
works of the EtploringExpedition, mcluding the pay of the
scientific corps, care of property, payment tor printing and
paper, and other contracts under the law of 1831, authori-
ling'the preparation and publication of said works, :$25,000.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I was very much
surprised when I heard that the committee of con-
ference gave up that item. We have persons in
our employ writing out and publishing these works
under the contract. Some of them are one half,
and others perhaps three fourths finished, for
which the money is to be paid. It is not in the
power of the committee, or anybody else, to ab-
solve themselves from the contract, so far as it
has been executed. This appropriation is to pay
persons for labor performed under a contract made
in pursuance of law. I hope the amendment will
be adopted.
Mr. BRADBURY. I suppose we are now
making appropriations fer the next fiscal year, so
that the individuals referred to will at any rate
have their pay for the present fiscal year. I think
it is high time that this book-making should be
stopped.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I have an amendment which I
wish to offer. I
Mr. YULEE. I desire to say that if it is the ;
purpose of the Senate to entertain amendments, I I
shall certainly feel it my duty to offer those which !
the Naval Committee have prepared. !
Mr. HALE. The Senate have already refused
to put the lieutenant who has charge of preparing
the Nautical Almanac on the same footing with
regard to pay as a post captain. There is in this
bill, as it now stands, a provision putting the offi-
cer who is charged with experiments in gunnery
at the navy-yard at Washington on the same pay
as that of a commander at sea. I think the prop-
osition is such an extraordinary one that it will
relieve me from the necessity of making a speech.
I move to strike out this proviso:
"Provided, That the officer charged with experiments in
gunnery in the navy-yard at Washington shall hereafter
receive the compensation of a commander at sea."
Mr. YULEE. I think it proper to say that it
would be doing the height of injustice to strike out
this provision. It was inserted by the House upon
the recommendation of the Navy Department. Af-
ter an examination of the facts, there can be no
doubt that the officer's labors are such as to entitle
him to this compensation, and that it would be
unjust to change the provision of the House.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives announcing that the Speaker of
the House had signed enrolled bill No. 14, entitled
"An act providing for an additional term of the
United States Circuit and District Courts at Chi-
cago, in the District of Illinois."
The President of the Senate signed the above
enrolled bill.
Mr. BADGER. I rise simply to concur with
the chairman of the committee that this amendment
ought not to prevail.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to make a report from the committee
of conference on the civil and diplomatic bill. I
understand that the House has concurred in the
report already, so that if we concur in it, the bill
will be finally passed.
Unanimous consent being granted—
Mr. HUNTER submitted the following report
from the committee of conference:
That the committee of conference having met, and after
full and free deliberation, have agreed to recommend, and
do recommend, to their respective Houses" as follows:
That the House concur in the 4th amendment of the Sen-
ate with amendments as follow: In line I, strike out
" four," and insert " two," and in line 6, strike out " nine,"
and insert " five."
That the House concur in the I8th amendment with the
following amendments : In line 4, strike out "fifty," and
insert "twenty-five," and strike out all after "per an-
num," in line 10, and insert in lieu: " Provided, That this
rate of compensation shall continue for the term of two
years and no longer."
That the House agree to the 43d amendment of the Sen-
ate with the following amendment: Insert in line 3,after
the word "California," "per act third March, 3851."
That the Senate recede from the following amendments,
viz: Nos. 2, 5, 10, 11, 19, 24, 29, 30, 37, 39, and 40.
And that the House agree to the following amendments
of the Senate, viz : Nos. 1, 3, 6,7, 8, 9, 12,13,14,15,16,
17,20, 21,22,23,25, 28, 27, 28, 31, 32, 33, 34,35, 36,38, 41,
42, 44, 4.i, 46, 47, and 48.
Mr. HALE. It is not my fault that this bill is j
here so late. The Senate, by a vote of three to j
two, have refused to make this distinction in favor !
of the officer superintending the Nautical Almanac.
Now, here is a lieutenant in the Navy employed
at a particular navy-yard in making experiments
in gunnery, and you propose to give him $3,500 a
year. You propose to pay him very extravagantly
above other lieutenants. If there is one single
thing that can break down yourNavy and destroy
the spirit of your officers, it is this favoritism—
this picking out of one man here and putting him
in your National Observatory, and picking out
another man there and putting him in your navy-
yard to superintend gunnery—one of the prettiest
sports in the world for a man fond of it—and giv-
ing extravagant compensation to them, while offi-
cers who are subjected to all the hardships of the
sea receive a less compensation. Besides, it must
be remembered that you pay yourNavy officers a
regular salary, which is higher than that which is
paid by any other Government on earth; and
while they have such high salaries, is it right to
pick out here and there a man, and select him from
the great mass of his peers and give him this ex-
travagant compensation?
Mr. YULEE. I feel bound to state that this
gentleman is doing an extraordinary and valuable
service. The Senator from New Hampshire is
mistaken in supposing he is located at the navy-
yard. He has no garters there; butheis obliged
to be there, and must live at great expense in the
city.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I infer from the
remarks of the Senator from New Hampshire that
this officer stationed at the arsenal or navy-yard is
a lieutenant. If so, the proposition is to give a
lieutenant on shore the pay of a commander at
sea. Now, a commander on duty ashore is very
fortunate if he gets the pay of a commander at
sea, and a lieutenant on shore may be very well
content to get the pay of a lieutenant at sea.
There are officers who have been inspectors of
ordnance in the Navy for a long time, and one of
them, at least, whom I know, has the grade of a
commander, and is assistant inspector. If it is j
intended to take a younger assistant inspector, a ;
junior in rank, and put him on special duty, by
which he shall receive the compensation of a high-
er grade than those who have held the same rank
for a number of years, I submit to the Senate that
it looks too much like favoritism. i
A message was received from the House of Rep- j
resentatives announcing that they had agreed to
the report of the committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses in relation to 1
the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill.
Mr. CLEMENS asked the yeas and nays on
the amendment; and they were ordered.
Mr. CLAY. I wish to say that I shall vote
against every amendment to every bill which I do
not deem absolutely necessary.
The question being taken by yeas and nays; re-
suited as follows:
I YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Bradbury, Chase, Clemens,
: Davis of Mississippi, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa,
, Fdch, Hale, Hamlin, Jones, King, Norris, Underwood,
'' Walker, and Whitcomb—16.
j NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Berrien, Borland, Butler,
! Clarke, Clay, Cooper, Davis of Massachusetts, Dawson,
j; Ewing, Footc, Greene, Houston, Miller, Pearce, Seward,
; Shields, Smith, Spruance, Wales, and Yulee—22.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. RANTOUL. I have an amendment which I
wish to offer, and which will occupy but two min-
, utes, and which concerns the safety of your ships
and the lives of your seamen. It is to strike out
the words "in open market," in the item which
provides for the purchase of hemp, and insert "by
contract after reasonable notice." The experience
of the Government is sufficient to show the neces-
sity of adopting this plan.
Mr. YULEE. I think if we make these amend-
ments, we multiply issues with the House, and the
amendment will be rejected there. *
The amendment was not adopted.
The bill was then reported to the Senate as
amended.
Mr. PEARCE. I beg leave to renew the amend-
ment concerning the Collins line.
Mr. GWIN. I think the Senate was not fully
apprised of the question when the vote was taken
, in committee.
Mr. HUNTER. I rise to a question of order.
This amendment was decided by the Senate to be-
out of order.
The PRESIDENT. It is the same question
which was decided by the Senate, in committee,
to be out of order, and the Chair cannot entertain
it.
Mr. CLAY. I beg leave to remark that I con-
sider the competition between the Collins and the
Cunard lines as a competition between the nations,
in which I consider the honor of our flag con-
cerned. I consider, if this appropriation is not
made, we surrender to the superiority of British
liberality, which has been extended to the Cunard
line. I hope Congress will be as liberal to the
American line as Great Britain has been to the
Cunard line.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator is not aware r
perhaps, that this question was raised and submit-
ted to the Senate, as in committee, and that this
amendment was decided to be not in order.
Mr. CLAY. But we are now in the Senate.
The PRESIDENT. It is the same question
that was decided in committee.
Mr. CLAY. I appeal from the decision of the
Chair.
The PRESIDENT. The amendment was
offered in committee, and the Chair submitted the
point of order to the Senate, whether, according
to the rule which had been adopted, it should be
received, and the Senate decided by a vote that it
was not in order to receive it. The bill has now
been reported to the Senate, and of course the
Chair cannot receive the same proposition in the
Senate after it has been decided in committee that
it was out of order.
Mr. DICKINSON. I should regret to see so
great an interest as this driven off upon a question
i of mere technicality. It is a very great interest,
and while I should regret to see the appropriation
bill added to by so large an amount as this, it
should be remembered that it is a question between
us and Great Britain, and I should like to see it
determined substantiallyby the Senate.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair decided in strict
conformity with the decision of the Senate itself,
I the Senate having decided that the amendment
was not in accordance with the rule. The major-
ity of the Senate said that the rules forbade the
reception of the amendment. It is now offered
again, and the Chair is bound to decide, in con-
formity with the decision of the Senate, that it
cannot be received. It will rest with the Senate to
decide the question.
Mr. SHIELDS. The Senator from'Kentucky
has taken an appeal. I go for the amendment,
and against " the wooden walls of England."
The PRESIDENT. The Chair has decided
that the amendment cannot be received, in con-
formity with the decision of the Senate. It will
rest with the Senate to reverse that decision if it be
i wrong.
Mr. FOOTE. Is there anythingmore common
than for the Senate to overrule its action when ii 
committee?
The PRESIDENT. An appeal is taken from
the decision of the Chair,, which he makes in con-
formity with the decision of the Senate itself. The
Senate will now say whether the Chair has de-
cided correctly or not..
Mr. SHIELDS. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HAMLIN. I understand the question i*
whether the decision of the Chair is to be sus-
tained or reversed.
The PRESIDENT. Yes, sir.
Mr. BELL. I should dislike very much to de-
cide that the decision of the Chair is wrong. But
cannot the question be, Shall the Senate reverse
its decision ?
The PRESIDENT. The Chair stated the ques-
tion to the Senate in committee to be: Does the
rule forbid the reception of the amendment? and
the Senate voted that it did, and the Chair so de-
cided. The same amendment is again offered, and
the Chair decided in conformity with the decision
of the Senate. The Senate may now reverse its
own decision, and say that it was wrong in de-
ciding that the amendment was out of order.
Mr. BERRIEN. I understand the question is,
whether the Chair has acted correctly in obeying
the order of the Senate.
i Mr. CLAY. I understand the question to be,
