1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
837
whether a careless decision, given without discus-
sion, in a thin Senate as in committee, is to stand
and control the Senate.
Mr. BERRIEN. I beg to say that the decision
was not carelessly given, but upon reflection.
Mr. RUSK. The question came before the Sen-
ate whether this amendment was in order or not
under the rule adopted. If there has been a re-
Suisition from a Department, then [.understand
iat it would be in order under the rule. If there
has not been a requisition from a Department con-
tained in the letter I read, then I do not under-
stand what a requisition is.
Mr. DOWNS. I do not understand that this
is a technical question whether the Senate will
overrule the decision of the Chair, but whether the
Senate may or may not, upon reflection, recon-
sider its own decision. I wish to disincumber
this question of any reference to the decision of
the Chair, because nobody has more deference to
the decision of our presiding officer than I have.
I really think it is not overruling the decision of
the Chair at all, but a reconsideration of our own
opinion.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair has already
stated that he makes the decision in conformity
with what the Senate have instructed him to do.
Mr. BORLAND. I desire to state why I con-
aider the decision of the Chair correct. Under
the rule I understand that no amendment to a gen-
Mai appropriation bill requiring an appropriation
of money can be made, unless it is accompanied
by an estimate furnished by a Department, or un-
less it is an amendment which provides for the exe-
cution of a provision of a preexisting law. Under
no circumstances can an amendment be made pro-
viding for a private claim. Now, I think upon all
three of these points this amendment is clearly
excluded by the rulel In the first place, it comes
in without an estimate from the Department.
Secondly, it is not in compliance with a preexist-
ing law; and, in the third place, no one under-
stands it to be anything but a private claim, a
gratuity to an individual.
The question was then taken on sustaining the
decision of the Chair ruling out the following
amendment:
" Jini be it further matted. That the Secretary of the
Navy be authorized to pay E. K. Collins and his associates,
for the future conveyance of the mails between New York
and Liverpool, at the rate of $600,000 per annum: Provi-
ded, That the increased compensation hereby allowed may
at any time be discontinued by authority of Congress."
The yeas and nays were taken, as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Berrien, Borland,
Bradbury, Bright, Butler, Chase, Davis of Mississippi,
Dawson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Feich, i
Hamlin, Hunter, Mason, Morton, Norris, Pratt, Rhett, Se- '
bastian, Spraance, Uaderwood, Upham, Walker, and '
Whitcnmb—26.
NAYS—Messm. Baldwin, Bell, Clarke, Clay, Clemens, '
Cooper, Davis of Massachusetts, Dickinson, Douglas, j
Downs, Ewing, Foote, Greene, Gwin, Houston, Jones, ;
Miller, Pearee, Rantoul, Eusk, Seward, Shields, Smith,
and Wales—24.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained. ;
The amendments were then ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill was read a third time and
passed.
ASSIGNABILITY OF LAND WARRANTS.
Mr. BELL. I move that the Senate take up
the joint resolution providing for the assignment
of liounty land warrants, which is on its third
reading.
Mr. RUSK. I do not wish to supersede the
motion of the honorable Senator from Tennessee,
but simply to ask the unanimous consent of the
Senate, pending that motion, to have the bill.es-
tablishing post routes read a third time.
Mr. WALKER. I shall vote against the mo-
tion of the honorable Senator from Tennessee, and
as a last effort against it, I call for the special or-
der, which is the river and harbor bill.
Mr. RUSK. I hope the Senate will unani-
mously consent tQ the consideration of the post
route bill, ft will not take a single moment.
Mr. WALKER. I call for the special orSer.
Mr. BELL. I move to postpone all prior orders
to take up the joint resolution which I have men-
tioned.
Mr. WALKER. That takes with it the river
and harbor bill. I ask for the yeas and nays.
They were not ordered. ,
The following message was then received from 1
the House of Representatives by the hands of Mr.
Young, their Clerk: I
| Mr. President: The House of Representatives have
{ adopted a resolution suspending the 16th joint rule of the
' two Houses so far as relates to House bill No. 478; and also
' have adopted a resolution suspending the 17th joint rule,
so far as relates to bills No. 461, 462, 474,478, and other
1 bills which may have been passed this day.
! A message was received from the President of
the United States by the hands of Millard P.
Fillmore, his Private Secretary, announcing that
the President had signed the enrolled bill regula-
ting the terms of the district and circuit courts in
the district of Illinois.
Mr. BELL. If by the unanimous consent of
the Senate the post route bill can be taken up, and
my motion will not be superseded, I will consent
to the motion of the Senator from Texas.
There being no objection, the post route bill
was taken up, read a third time, and passed.
The question was then put on the motion of
Mr. Bell to take up the joint resolution respect-
ing the assignability of bounty land warrants, and
it was agreed to.
Mr. BRIGHT. I move that the resolution of
the House be concurred in which suspends the
17th joint rule in relation to the bills sent from
the House.
Mr. WALKER. If it applies to the appro-
priation bills exclusively, I do not object.
Mr. BRIGHT. I make the motion so as to in-
clude only the appropriation bills which have been
passed. They cannot be sent to the President
until that is done.
Mr. CLEMENS. I object to it. If this boun-
ty land bill is to be killed, I intend that other bills
shall go along with it.
The PRESIDENT. The resolution explana-
tory of the act approved September 28, 1850, en-
titled "An act granting bounty land to certain
officers and soldiers who have been engaged in the
military service of the United States," is on its
third reading, and the question is, Shall it pass?
Mr. WALKER. I ask for the yeas ana nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I have some ob-
jections to this bill, which I will state very briefly.
It will be recollected that in the origin of this
measure the proposition was to give to the old
soldier a home, and secure it to him from execu-
tion, so that in his old age, and poverty perhaps,
he should not be homeless. It then met my very
cordial support. But subsequent steps have been
taken, until we appear to have lost sight of the
object in its origin. Why is it that, as a bounty
land bill, there is a provision that the land shall
not be subject to execution for debt? If it is to
give land as a gratuity, and the land may be con-
verted into money, this was unnecessary. I think
every step we take is a departure from the origin-
al purpose, and is without one single principle on
which to rest. It cannot be argued that it was an
inducement to the soldier to enter the service; it is
but a mere gratuity. If, then, you wish to give a
mere gratuity In land to be converted into money,
why not convert it into money yourselves? Do
not give a warrant for one hundred, and sixty acres
of land that is worth to the Government $200, in
such a manner that the recipient must sell it for
$50 or $100. If it is the purpose to give to the old
soldier the value of the land, it will be better in
every respect to give him the market price in
money, and keep the land, which is worth more
to the Government than he will obtain for it. Or,
if the object is to give him a gratuity of a certain
number of dollars, we should incorporate in this
resolution such a provision as was contained in
the Mexican bounty land law, which allowed the
warrant to be converted into money at a certain
rate below its market value. The honorable Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Walker,] who has
struggled so hard to preserve the public lands, at
least from this mode of granting them, attempted
some time since to secure his object by a provision
of this sort. Its failure could only be fairly ac-
counted for on the supposition that Congress had
determined to give the old soldier a home, and to
secure it to him free from execution for debt.
Therefore, while 1 was in favor of the original
bill, I am opposed to making these warrants as-
signable.
Mr. ATCHISON. I think the Senator from
Mississippi is entirely mistaken, and that it was
not the object of the Senate and the House of Rep-
resentatives to give the old soldier a home, and to
make that homestead free from execution. Such
a provision is not in this law, nor in any other
t law. This doctrine of homestead exemption, to a
greater or less extent is, as yet, an experiment.
The main object of this bill, I believe, was not to
five the old soldier a home, and to exempt that
ome from execution, but to convert the public
domain into private property. That was my ob-
ject, and I considered the old soldier more worthy
to receive the public domain than any others to
whom we could give it. This was the motive that
governed me in my vote on that question. Now,
let us look at this matter. Does the Senator from
Mississippi suppose that one old soldier in a thou-
sand from the old thirteen States would go to a
new country, a new State or Territory, to settle on
the lands for the purpose of securing himself a
home in his old age? No, sir. I put it to the
candor of that Senator, and he will at once say
that not one in a thousand would leave the State
of Maryland, or Virginia, or Massachusetts, to go
to Wisconsin, or Iowa, or Missouri, for the pur-
pose of locating his warrant for one hundred and
sixty acres of land. The consideration, as the
Senator from Arkansas suggests, is entirely too
small. One hundred dollars would not pay his
expense, or the expenses of his agents, in locating
his land warrant, and he will not do it for the pur-
pose of making it his home, atthough you may
exempt that home from execution. The state-
ment of this fact is an answer to the objection of
the Senator from Mississippi. It may have been
an inducement with him to give his vote, but it
was not so with me, for I have always maintained
the broad ground that to convert the public domain
into private property was for the benefit of the State
in which the lands are located, and I have always
voted to turn this domain into private property.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I will endeavor
to answer the Senator from Missouri as briefly as
he has answered me. If my memory is correct,
the original bill did contain the provision I stated,
making these lands exempt from execution. I
think it bore upon its face the intent to give the
soldier a home in his old age. But the Senator
asks me if I believe the old soldiers will go to the
new States for this land. I believe that many of
them would. I know no class of persons so apt
to go. It is the very restless energy that made
them soldiers in their youth which will lead them
to the backwoods. But if they did not go, the
warrants which they held in their hands would be
increasing in value, and would be something to
rive to their sons who might hereafter wish to go.
These warrants will be of greater value than if
they are thrown into the market by this system of
assignment. Moreover, it would save to the
Treasury of the United States some portion of the
public treasure derived from the sale of the public
lands; whereas, if these warrants are madeassigna-
ble, it must, as stated by the Secretary of the
Treasury in his report, tend to diminish the rev-
enue from the public lands. If, however, these
! warrants are not assignable, they will be held by
, individuals, and will be located, from time to time,
; over a long period of years, and the balance of the
! land will be sold and the money accrue to the bene-
fit of the United States. I a^ree with my friend from
; Missouri, if a proposition is submitted as to what
dass of the community shail have the advantage,
j if it is a foregone conclusion that the public land
| is to be distributed among the people, that, of all
' classes, those should first receive the advantage of
' the distribution who had rendered personal service
to the Government during war, either on land or
sea. The sailor and soldier would have a claim
much higher than any other classes. Far better
is It, if the lands are to be distributed, that they
should first go to the sailor and soldier, then to the
native American citizen, and lastly to those for-
eigners who might be induced to come here for the
purpose of settlement. I do not wish these war-
rants to get into the hands of companies who
would make them the means of taking up the lands
in the United States by speculation founded upon
the importation of foreign paupers. I agree with
my friend, therefore, so far as he takes that posi-
tion. I still hold, however, that it is the interest
of the old soldier to secure his land as originally
intended; that it is neither his interest nor that of
the Government to make these warrants assigna-
ble, and that, to make them assignable, is to make
them inure to the benefit of the speculator,and not
of the soldier for whom they were intended.
Mr. BUTLER. I had no idea that this subject
would be debated at this hour.
