838
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Mr. HUNTER. Will the Senator from South
Carolina yield me the floor ? I ask the unanimous
consent ot" the Senate to suspend the 16th and 17th
joint rules in relation to House bills 461, 462, and
474, the civil and diplomatic and the Army and
Nnvy appropriation bills5
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Is that motion amend-
able?
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is under the
impression that it can be amended.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Then I move to include
the bill now under consideration.
Mr. FOOTE. It is hardly in order until this
bill shall be passed.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is under the
impression that, after a motion is received, even
though it be by unanimous consent, it will be in
order to move to amend it.
Mr. WALKER. If that is the intention, then
I object to the original proposition.
Mr. HUNTER. In that case I have no right
to take the floor from the Senator from South Car-
olina.
Mr. DICKINSON. I understand the Senator
from Wisconsin as objecting to the amendment of
the Senator from Kentucky, and not to the prop-
osition of the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand that.
Mr. WALKER. Allow me to say 
Mr. BUTLER. I believe I have the floor, but
I am willing to take the vote on the motion of the
Senator from Virginia, for I do not like this inter-
locutory speaking at all.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
The motion to suspend the rules was then agreed
to.
Mr. BUTLER. I had no idea that this bill
was to be defeated after it was, at least by impli-
cation, ordered to its third reading. If gentlemen
choose to defeat it, either in one way or another,
let it be understood that it is done by these rules,
and not by ordinary legislation. The best mode
to distribute the public lands is the mode indicated
by this bill, instead of giving the lands to the
States in which they lie. By giving the lands to
the old soldier it gives to parties who have served |
the country, and makes, in some measure, an equal )
distribution, so far as it can be accomplished. I
A message was received from the House of I
Represen tatives by the hands of Mr. Young, their 11
Clerk, announcing that the House of Representa- j
tives had concurred in the amendments of the
Senate to the Navy appropriation bill.
Mr. BUTLER. I will finish with a single re- '
mark in reply to the Senator from Mississippi.
He has contended that there was a provision in
the original bill to give a home to the old soldier,
which should not be alienable by him, nor subject
to execution by fieri facias. My friend from Mis-
sissisippi would be the last man to allow the prin-
ciple of federal legislation to dictate to the States
what should be the descent of property. If a State
has a right to regulate the descent, certainly it has
a right to regulate possession.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. That is broader
than my proposition.
Mr. BUTLER. Your proposition was that
such should have been the provision, and I say
such a provision as that of the Senator from Mis-
sissippi should not be and cannot be a provision
under the principle of State laws.
Mr. WALKER. I think the Senator from
South Carolina is somewhat mistaken, particular-
ly in regard to the character of the legislation
which has been had upon this subject. We have
passed a bill which I believe is now a law, by
which Congress did regulate succession to a cer-
tain extent. I allude to the bill providing for the
settlement of private land claims in California, by
which provision is made for the survey of the land,
and dictating that one half shall be the property
of the husband in certain cases, and the other half
the property of the wife; thus interfering with
connubial relations. Congress may attach con- i
ditions to a grant.
Mr. BUTLER. Which the State can annul.
Mr. WALKER. If Congress makes a grant,
with restrictions imposed, and the State keeps
faith with the donor, it would continue in perpe-
tuity as directed by Congress. The measure now
before us is amendatory of one which gave the
best portion of the public lands to the soldiers of
the country. I believe that the Secretary of the .:
Treasury has estimated the amount of land which
will be granted under the original law at about
ninety-five millions of acres; and at the time that
law was passed we had a large amount of bounty
land warrants outstanding. If we adopt this
amendment, in the estimation of those who would
seem to know the most about the matter, such as
the Commissioner of the Land Office and the
chairman of the Committee on Public Lands in
the Senate, it will double the amount originally
granted by the bill which passed Congress at the
last session. And yet when you propose to issue
a paper medium for the purchase of the public
lands equivalent to twice ninety-five millions of
acres, you have a proposition before you to make
the whole of them assignable, which will not re-
sult to the benefit of the soldier to the full extent
of their value, but to the benefit of the speculator
who may take advantage of the necessities of the
soldier. As I remarked the other day, if anyone
will look at the report of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, he will find that the quantity
of land covered by these laws is equivalent to ail
the public land in eight out of the twelve land-
holding States of the Union. And yet it is con-
tended, when there is such an immense quantity
of this assignable paper out, that it will be of more
benefit to the old soldier than if the land were
secured to him in his proper person or to his
family.
Sir, the original bill was passed without a single
petition to Congress; it was gotten up for the pur-
pose of speculation, without any foundation in the
wishes of the soldiers. I know there were peti-
tions before Congress asking that bounty land
might be given to the officers who were the com-
manders of those to whom the bounty land was
given. But the mass of the soldiers never sent a
petition asking that the public land might be
thrown open to speculation.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am very desirous that this
bill should pass, but I apprehend there can be no
prospect of its passage now; not the slightest in
the world. We have adopted certain amendments,
which must go to the House, and even if they
shall concur there is not time to have the amend-
ments engrossed and the resolution enrolled. There
is another bill which the House have passed, and
which I apprehend the Senate will pass without
debate; I allude to the light-house bill. I move to
lay this bill on the table, therefore, for the purpose
of taking up that bill.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question was then taken on the passage of
the resolution, with the following result:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Ber-
rien, Borland, Bradbury, Bright, Butler, Clarke, Clay,
Clemens, Cooper, Davis of Massachusetts, Dawson, Doug-
las, Downs. Foote, Greene, Hale, Hamlin, Hunter, Mason,
Miller, Morton, NVnris, Pearce, Pratt, Rhett, Rusk, Sebas-
tian, Seward, Shields, Spruance, Uiiderwood, Upham, and
Whitcomb—37.
NAYS—Messrs. Chase, Davis of Mississippi, Dodge of
Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Ewing, Felch, Jones, King,
Smith, and Walker—10.
So the resolution was passed. i
RELIEF OF THE CONGRESSIONAL PRINTER.
Mr. FOOTE. I wish to get up a joint resolu-
tion from the House for the relief of Thomas
Ritchie. I therefore move to postpone the orders
of the day for the purpose of taking it up.
Mr. CLAY. I second the motion, with an
anxious desire that it may be taken up and agreed
to.
Mr. SEWARD. I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to say to the Senate
that there is upon the table a bill making appro-
priations for light-houses. It is a public bill, and
it is important that it should be passed. It could
be done in five minutes.
Mr. SHIELDS. I hope the Senator from Mis-
sissippi will give way.
Mr. FOOTE. I cannot give way for anything.
This is not only a national object, but one of the
utmost justice and humanity.
Mr. HAMLIN. I hope the Senate will con-
sider the light-house bill rather than this.
Mr. SHIELDS. We will have it as soon as
this is disposed of.
Mr. HAMLIN. This joint resolution cannot
pass.
Mr. FOOTE. I call the Senator to order. He]
has no right to use such language. i
Mr. HAMLIN. Most assuredly I have. Ii
t Mr. FOOTE. The resolution is not undercon-
sideration.
Mr. HAMLIN. Certainly not; and it cannot
pass to-day.
Mr. PEARCE. I do not mean to consume the
time of the Senate; but I give notice that if this
resolution is taken up, I have material for a speech
which I shall feel bound to make, and which can-
not be made without consuming some time. If
the Senate choose to take it up for consideration
under these circumstances, be it so.
Mr. FOOTE. Very well; we will hear the hon-
orable Senator's speech, and see if it is for the pur-
pose of defeating the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being
taken, resulted:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Berrien, Borland,
Bradbury, Bright, Clay, Clemens, Dawson, Dickinson,
Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Downs,
Felch, Foote, Gwin, Houston, Hunter, Jones, King, Ma-
son, Morton, Rusk, Sebastian, Shields, Whitcomb, and
Yulee—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Baldwin, Bell, Chase, Clarke, Davis
of Massachusetts, Davis of Mississippi, Ewing, Greene,
Hale, Hamlin. Miller, Norris, Pearee,Pratt, Rantoul,Rhett,
Seward, Smith, Spruance, Underwood, Upham, and Wales
—22.
So the motion was agreed to.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives announcing that they had passed
a resolution to appoint a committee of three to join
a similar committee on the part of the Senate to
wait upon the President of the United States, and
inform him that, unless he had further communi-
cations to make, the two Houses of Congress
were ready to close their session.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
then proceeded to the consideration of the "joint
resolution for the relief of William M. Belt and
his assignee, Thomas Ritchie, and for other pur-
poses;" which was read a second time.
Mr. FOOTE. It would be utterly idle in me,
or any friend of Mr. Ritchie, at the present hour,
to attempt to occupy the attention of the Senate
in a formal and methodic manner. I have before
me, what I shall not read, a clear, distinct, and
what I deem a triumphant vindication of his claim
for redress. I had hoped that some favorable op-
portunity would have been presented to me to
state all the facts in this unfortunate case, and to
challenge to the controversy any individual who
may be imbued with prejudice, or who may have
unfortunately conceived erroneous notions in re-
gard to the merits of this claim, and may be in-
clined to enter the arena of contest. But the time
for such a contest has gone by. Almost all that
I could do has been done. The resolution is be-
fore the Senate. It is in the power of gentlemen
to defeat it. It is in their power to take advantage
of the short time allowed to effect its defeat, and
effect the ruin of one of the most meritorious men,
in my opinion, the world ever produced. I speak
knowingly of the man and with a familiar acquaint-
ance with his history. I know that when I cease
to offer the few remarks I am now making, gen-
tlemen will rise and state their views at length. I
am prepared to listen to them certainly, though
with much chagrin that such remarks as I expect
should emanate from such a quarter. All I shall
do will be to take the liberty of publishing hereaf-
ter the remarks which I hold in my hand, which
time does not allow me to deliver; and I beg leave
now to call the attention of the Senate to what
may be presented in the Washington newspapers
in a day or two, in support of this claim. I have
said nothing in relation to the real facts of the
case. I have only called up the resolution. The
House of Representatives has acted favorably upon
it, and I feel that I have a right to appeal to the
magnanimity of gentlemen to allow a vote to be
taken upon it. I appeal almost hopelessly. How-
ever, the appeal is made, and I have nothing more
to say.
The following is the speech referred to in the
preceding remarks:
I regret to feel compelled to occupy the atten-
tion of the Senate for a few minutes in support of
this resolution. In doing so, I feel authorized to
appeal with confidence both to the justice and to
the magnanimity of this body—the most dignified
legislative chamber known to our free institutions.
This appeal is likewise sustained strongly, and I
think irresistibly, by the necessities of the public
service; and the interests of the whole country are
unquestionably most deeply involved in the ques-
tion now under consideration.
