APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Dec. 2,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Message of the President.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
of other Stati c, will cause that respect to be read-
ily and cheerfully paid.
A convention  as negotiated between the Uni-
ted States and Great Britain in April last, for fa-
cilitating and protecting the construction of a ship
rami between the Atlantic and Pacific oceans, and
for other purposes. This instrument lias since
been ratified by the contracting parties, the ex-
ohnnge of ratifications has been effected, and proc-
lamation thereof has been duly made.
In addition to the stipulations contained in this
e invention, two other objects remain to be accom-
plished between the contracting powers.
First, the designation and establishment of a
five port at each end of the canal.
Second, an agreement fixing the distance from
the shore within which belligerent maritime oper-
ations shall not be carried on. On these points
there is little doubt that the two Governments will
come to an understanding.
The company of citizens of the United States
who have acquired from the State of Nicaragua
the privilege of constructing a ship canal between
the two oceans, through the territory of that State,
have made progress in their preliminary arrange-
ments. The treaty between the United States and
Great Britain, of the 19th of April last, above re-
ferred to, being now in operation, it is to be hoped
that the guarantees which it offers will be suffi-
cient to secure the completion of the work with all .
practicable expedition. It is obvious that this result
would be indefinitely postponed, if any other than
peaceful measures, for the purpose of harmonizing i
conflicting claims to territory in that quarter,
should be adopted?. It will consequently be my
endeavor to cause any further negotiations oft the !
part of this Government, which may be requisite
for this purpose, to be so conducted as to bring
them to a speedv and successful close.
Some unavoidable delay has occurred, arising
from distance and the difficulty of intercourse be-
tween this Governmentand that of Nicaragua; but,
as intelligence has just been received of the appoint-
ment of an Envoy Extraordinary and Minister
Plenipotentiary of that Government to reside at
Washington, whose arrival may soon be expected,
it is hoped that no further impediments will be ex- j
perienced in the prompt transaction of business :
between the two Governments. !
Citizens of the United States have undertaken '
the connection of the two oceans by means of a ,
railroad across the Isthmus of Tehuantepec, under
grants of the Mexican Government to a citizen of ]
that Republic. It is understood that a thorough
survey of the course of the communication is in ■
preparation, and there is every reason to expect i
that it will be prosecuted with characteristic en- 1
ergy, especially when that Government shall have
consented to such stipulations with the Govern-
ment of the United States as may be necessary to
impart a feeling of security to those who may em-
bark their property in the enterprise. Negotiations
are pending for the accomplishment of that object,
and a hope is confidently entertained that, when
the Government of Mexico shall become duly
sensible of the advantages which that country can-
not fail to derive from the work, and learn that
the Government of the United States desires that
the right of sovereignty of Mexico in the isthmus
shall remain unimpaired, the stipulations referred .
to will be agreed to with alacrity.
By the last advices from Mexico it would ap-
pear, however, that that Government entertains
strong objections to some of the stipulations
which the parties concerned in the project of the
railroad deem necessary for their protection and
security. Further consideration, it is to be hoped,
or some modification of terms, may yet reconcile
the differences existing between the two Govern-
ments in this respect.
Fresh instructions have recently been given to
the Minister of the United States in Mexico, who
is prosecuting the subject with promptitude and
ability.
Although the negotiations with Portugal, for the
payment of claims of citizens of the United States
against that Government, have not yet resulted in
a formal treaty, yet a proposition made by the
Government of Portugal for the final adjustment
and payment of those claims, has recently been ac-
cepted on tbe part of the United States. It gives
if e pleasure to cay that Mr, Clay, to whom the
j: negotiation on the part of the United States had
I been intrusted, discharged the duties of his ap-
i pointment with ability and discretion, acting al-
ways within the instructions of his Government.
I't is expected that a regular convention will be
immediately negotiated for carrying the agreement
between the two Governments into effect.
The commissioner appointed tinder the act of
Congress for carrying into effect the convention
with Brazil, of the 27th of January, 1849, has en-
tered upon the performance of the duties imposed
upon him by that act. It is hoped that those du-
ties may be completed within the time which it
frescribes. The documents, however, which the
mperial Government, by the third article of the
convention, stipulates to furnish to the Govern-
ment of the United States, have not yet been re-
ceived. As it is presumed that those documents
will be essential for the correct disposition of the
claims, it may become necessary for Congress to
extend the period limited for the duration of the
commission. The sum stipulated by the 4th ar-
ticle of the convention to be paid to this Govern-
ment has been received.
The collection in the ports of the United States
of discriminating duties upon the vessels of Chili
and their cargoes has been suspended, pursuant to
the provisions of the act of Congress of the 24th
of May, 1828. It is to be hoped that this meas-
ure will impart a fresh impulse to the commerce
between the two countries, which, of late, and es-
pecially since our acquisition of California, has, to
the mutual advantage of the parties, been much
augmented.
Peruvian guano has become so desirable an arti-
| cle to the agricultural interest of the United States,
1 that it is the duty of the Government to employ
all the means properly in its power for the pur-
pose of causing that article to be imported into
the country at a reasonable price. Nothingwill be
omitted on my part towards accomplishing this de-
sirable end. I am persuaded that in removing any
restraints on this traffic, the Peruvian government
will promote its own best interests, w;hile it will
afford a proof of a friendly disposition .towards 1
; this country, which will be duly appreciated.
I The treaty between the United States and His '
Majesty the King of the Hawaiian Islands, which !
has recently been made public, will, it is believed, I
have a beneficial effect upon the relations between
the two countries.
The relations between those parts of the Island
of St. Domingo, which were formerly colonies of
Spain and France, respectively, are still in an un-
settled condition. The proximity of that Island to !
the United States, and the delicate questions in-
volved in the existing controversy there, render
it desirable that it should be permanently and
speedily adjusted. The interests of humanity
and of general commerce also demand this; and,
as intimations of the same sentiment have been
received from other Governments, it is hoped that •
some plan may soon be devised to effect the object
in a manner likely to give general satisfaction.
The Government of the United States will not
fail, by the exercise of all proper friendly offices,
to do all in its power to put an end to the destruc-
tive war which has raged between the different .
parts of the Island, and to secure to them both
the benefits of peace and commerce. ,
I refer you to the report of the Secretniy of the
Treasury for a detailed statement of the finances.
The total receipts into the Treasury, for the 1
year ending 30th of June last, were forty-seven
million four hundred and twenty-one thousand
seven hundred and forty-eight dollars and ninety
cents, ($47,421,748 90.)
The total expenditures during the same period
were forty-three million two thousand one hun-
dred and sixty-eight dollars and ninety cents,
(43,002,168 90.)
The public debt has been reduced, since the last
annual report from the Treasury Department, four
hundred and ninety-five thousand two hundred and
and seventy-six dollars and seventy-nine cents,
(#495,276 79.)
By the 19th section of the act of 28th January,
1847, the proceeds of the sales of the public lands
were pledged for the interest and principal of the j
public debt. The great amount of those lands i
subsequently granted by Congress for military
bounties will, it is believed, very nearly supply >
the public demand for several yeurs to come, and
but little reliance can, therefore, be placed on that
hitherto fruitful source of revenue.
Aside from the permanent annual expenditures,
which have necessarily largely increased, a por-
tion of the public debt, amounting to eight million
seventy-five thousand nine hundred and eighty-
six dollars and fifty-nine cents, ($8,075,986, 59)
must be provided for within the next two fiscal
years. It is most desirable that these accruing
demands should be met without resorting to new
loans.
AH experience has demonstrated the wisdom and
policy of raising a large portion of revenue, for
the support of Government, from duties on goods
imported. The power to lay these duties is un-
, questionable, and its chief object, of course, is to
I replenish the Treasury. But if, in doing this, an
! i incidental advantage may be gained by encour-
aging the industry of our own citizens, it is our
duty to avail ourselves of that advantage.
A duty laid upon fei article which cannot be
| produced in this country—such as tea or coffee—
II adds tq the cost of the article, and is chiefly or
wholly paid by the consumer. But a duty laid
upon an article which may be produced here,
stimulates the skill and industry of our own coun-
try to produce the same article, which is brought
into the market in competition with the foreign
' article, and the importer is thus compelled to re-
duce his price to that, at which the domestic artL-
j, cle can be sold, thereby throwing a part of the
. duty upon the producer of the foreign article.
! The continuance of this process creates the skill,
: and invites the capital, which finally enable us to
'! produce the article much cheaper than it could
|i have been procured from abroad, thereby benefit-
i ing both the producer and the consumer at home,
i The consequence of this is, that the artisan, and
the agriculturist, are brought together, each affords
a ready market for the produce of the other, the
whole country becomes prosperous; and the abili-
ty to produce every necessary of life renders us
independent in war as well as in-peace.
11 A high tariff can never be permanent. It will
I cause dissatisfaction and will be changed. It ex-
j i eludes competition, and thereby invites the invest-
! j ment of capital in manufactures to such excess,
: that when changed it brings distress, bankruptcy,
and ruin, upon all who have been misled by its
faithless protection. What the manufacturerwants,
is uniformity and permanency, that he may feel a
confidence that he is not to be ruined by sudden
! changes. But to make a tariff uniform and per-
manent, it is not only necessary that the law
should not be altered, but that the duty should not
fluctuate. To effect this, all duties should be spe-
cific, wherever the nature of the article is such as
to admit of it. Ad valorem duties fluctuate with
the price, and offer strong temptations to fraud
and perjury. Specific duties, on the contrary,
are equal and uniform in all ports, and at all times,
and offer a strong inducement to the importer to
bring the best article, as he pays no more duty
upon that, than upon one of inferior quality. I
therefore strongly recommend a modification of
the present tariff, which has prostrated some of
our most important and necessary manufactures,
and that specific duties be imposed sufficient to
raise the requisite revenue, making such discrimi-
nation in favor of the industrial pursuits of our
own country as to encourage home production,
without excluding foreign competition. It is also
important that an unfortunate provision in the
present tariff, which imposes a much higher duty
upon the raw material that enters into our manu-
factures than upon the manufactured article, should
be remedied.
The papers accompanying the report of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury will disclose^frauds at-
tempted upon the revenue, in variety and amount
so great, as to justify the conclusion that it is im-
possible, under any system of ad valorem duties
levied upon the foreign eostor value of the article,
to secure an honest observance and an effectual ad-
ministration of the laws. The fraudulent devices to
evade the law, which have been detected by the
vigilance of the appraisers, leave no room to doubt
that similar impositions, not discovered, to a large
amount, have been successfully practised since the
enactment of the law now in force. This state of
things 1ms already had a prejudicial influence
