APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Dec. 2,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Message of the President.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
ishments had undergone no change for half a
century, until the last session, though its defects
have been often and ably pointed out, and the
abolition of a particular species of corporal pun-
ishment, which then took place, without providing
any substitute, has left the service in a state of
defectiveness, which calls for prompt correction.
I therefore recommend that the whole subject be
revised without delay, and such a system estab-
lished for the enforcement of discipline, as shall
be at once humane and effectual.
The accompanying report of the Postmaster
General presents a satisfactory view of the opera-
tions and condition of that Department.
At the close of the last fiscal year, the length of
the inland mail routes in the United States (not
embracing the service in Oregon and California)
was one hundred and seventy-eight thousand six
hundred and seventy-two miles; the annual trans-
portation thereon forty-six million five hundred
and forty-one thousand four hundred and twenty-
three miles; and the annual cost of su«h transport-
ation two millions seven hundred and twenty-four
thousand four hundred and twenty-six dollars.
The increase of the annual transportation over
that of the preceding year, was three millions nine
hundred and ninety-seven thousand three hundred
and fifty-four miles, and the increase in cost was
three hundred and forty-two thousand four hun-
dred and forty dollars. j
The number of post offices in the United States, ,
on the 1st day of July last, was eighteen thousand i
four hundred and seventeen—being an increase of
sixteen hundred and seventy durifigthe preceding
year.
The gross revenues of the department for the
fiscal year ending June 30th, 1850, amounted to
five millions five hundred and fifty-two thousand
nine hundred and seventy-one dollars and forty-
eight cents, including the annual appropriation of
two hundred thousand dollars for the franked
matter of the departments, and excluding the for-
eign postages collected for and payable to the
British Government.
The expenditures for the same period were five
millions two hundred and twelve thousand nine
hundred and fifty-three dollars and forty-three
cents—leaving a balance of revenue over expendi-
tures of three hundred and forty thousand and
eighteen dollars and five cents.
I am happy to find that the fiscal condition of
the Department is sueh as to justify the Posmaster
General in recommending the reduction of our in-
land letter postage to three cents the single letter [
when prepaid, and five cents when not prepaid, j
He also recommends that the prepaid rate shall be j
reduced to two cents whenever the revenues of the '
Department, after the reduction, shall exceed its ,
expenditures by more than five per cent, for two
consecutive years; that the postage upon Califor-
nia and other letters sent by our ocean Steamers !
shall be much reduced; and that the rates of post-
age on newspapers, pamphlets, periodicals, and i
other printed matter snail be modified, and some
reduction thereon made.
It cannot be doubted that the proposed reduc-
tions will, for the present, diminishthe revenues of
the Department. It is believed that the deficiency, I
after the surplus already accumulated shall be ex-
hausted, may be almost wholly met, either by j
abolishing the existing privileges of sending free \
matter through the mails, or by paying out of the
Treasury to the Post Office Department a sum
equivalent to the postage of which it is deprived
by such privileges. The last is supposed to be j
the preferable mode, and will, if not entirely, so '
near!}' supply that deficiency as to make any fur-
ther appropriation that may be found necessary
so inconsiderable as to form no obstacle to the j
proposed reductions. j
I entertain no doubt of the authority of Con-
gress to make appropriations for leading objects in
that class of public works comprising what are
usually called works of internal improvement. This
authority I suppose to be derived chiefly from the
power of regulating commerce with foreign na-
tions, and among the States, and the power of lay-
ing and collecting imposts. Where commerce is
to be carried on, and imposts collected, there must
be ports and harbors, as well as wharves and cus-
tom-houses. If ships laden with valuable cargoes,
approach the shore, or sail along the coast, light-
| j houses are necessary at suitable points for the pro-
! j teotion of life and property. Other facilities and
I securities for commerce and navigation are hardly
1 less important; and those clauses of the Constitu-
■ tion, therefore, to which I have referred, have re-
j ceived from the origin of the Government a liberal
| and beneficial construction. Not only have light-
houses, buoys, and beacons been established, and
floating lights maintained, but harbors have been
cleared and improved, piers constructed, and even
break-waters for the safety of shipping, and sea
walls to protect harbors from being filled up, and
rendered useless, by the action of the ocean, have
been erected at very great expense. And this con-
struction of the Constitution appears the more
reasonable from the consideration, that if these
works, of such evident importance and utility, are
not to be accomplished by Congress, they cannot
be accomplished at all. By the adoption of the
Constitution the several States voluntarily parted
with the power of collecting duties of impost in
their own ports; and it is not to be expected that
they should raise money, by internal taxation,
direct or indirect, for the benefit of that com-
merce, the revenues derived from which do not,
I either in whole or in part, go into their own treas-
uries. Nor do I perceive any difference between
' the power of Congress to make appropriations for
j objects of this kind on the ocean and the power to
i make appropriations for similar objects on lakes
and rivers, wherever they are large enough to
bear on their waters an extensive traffic. The
I magnificent Mississippi and its tributaries, and the
vast lakes of the north and the northwest, appear
I to me to fall within the exercise of the power, as
: justly and as clearly as the Ocean and the Gulf of
I Mexico. It is a mistake to regard expenditures
' judiciously made for these objects as expenditures
I for local purposes. The position, or site of the
work, is necessarily local; but its utility is gen-
eral. A ship canal around the falls of St. Mary
of less than a mile in length, though local in its
I construction, would yet be national in its purpose
j and its benefits, as it would remove the only ob-
j struction to a navigation of more than a thousand
miles, affecting several States, as well as our
commercial relations with Canada. So, too, the
breakwater at the mouth of the Delaware is
erected, not for the exclusive benefit of the States
bordering on the bay and river of that name,' but
for that of the whole coastwise navigation of the
United States, and, to a considerable extent also,
of foreign «ommerce. If a ship be lost on the bar
at the entrance of a southern port for want of suf-
ficient depth of water, it is very likely to be a
northern ship; and if a steamboat be sunk in any
part of the Mississippi, on account of its channel
not having been properly cleared of obstructions,
it may be a boat belonging to either of eight or
ten States. I ittajf add, as somewhat remarkable,
that among all the thirty-one States, there is none
that is not, to a greater or less extent, bounded on
the ocean, or the Gulf of Mexico, or one of the
great lakes, or some navigable river.
In fulfilling our constitutional duties, fellow-cit-
izens, on this subject, as in carrying into effect all
other powers conferred by the Constitution, we
should consider ourselves as deliberating and act-
ing for one and the same country, and bear con-
stantly in mind, that our regard and our duty are
due, not to a particular part only, but to the whole.
I therefore recommend that appropriations be
made for completing such works as have been al-
ready begun, and for commencing such others as
may seem to the wisdom of Congress to be of
public and general importance.
The difficulties and delays, incident to the set-
tlement of private claims by Congress, amount in
many cases to a denial of justice. There is reason
to apprehend that many unfortunate creditors of
the Government have thereby been unavoidably
ruined. Congress has so much business of a
public character, that it is impossible it should
give much attention to mere private claims, and
their accumulation is now so great that many
claimants "must despair of ever being able to obtain
a hearing. It may well be doubted whether Con-
gress, from the nature of its organization, is
properly constituted to decide upon such cases.
It is impossible that each member should examine
the merits of every claim on which he is compelled
to vote; and it is preposterous to ask a judge to
decide a case which he has never heard. Such
decisions may, and frequently must, do injustice
either to the claimant or the Government, and I
perceive no better remedy for this growing evil
than the establishment of some tribunal to adju-
dicate upon such claims. I beg leave, therefore,
; most respectfully, to recommend that provision be
i made by law for the appointment of a commission
; to settle all private claims against the United
: States; and, as an ex parte hearing must in all con-
tested cases be very unsatisfactory, I also recom-
mend the appointment of a Solicitor, whose duty
it shall be to represent the Government before
such commission, and protect it against all illegal,
fraudulent or unjust claims, which may be pre-
sented for their adjudication.
This District, which has neither voice nor vote
in your delibertions, looks to you for protection
and aid, and I commend all its wants to your fa-
vorable consideration, with a full confidence that
you will meet them not only with justice, but with
liberality. It should be borne in mind that in this
city, laid out by Washington, and consecrated by
his name, is located the Capitol of our nation, the
emblem of our Union and the symbol of our great-
| ness. Here also are situated all the public Build-
ings necessary for the use of the Government, and
all these are exempt from taxation. It should be
the pride of Americans to render this place attract-
ive to the people of the whole Republic, and con-
venient and safe for the transaction of the public
business and the preservation of the public records
The Government should, therefore, bear a liberal
proportion of the burdens of all necessary and use-
ful improvements. And, as nothing could con-
tribute more to the health, comfort, and safety of
the city, and the security of the public buildings
and records, than an abundant supply of pure
water, I respectfully recdmmend that you make
such provisions for obtaining the same as in your
wisdom you may deem proper.
The act passed at your last session, making cer-
; tain propositions to Texas for settling the disputed
! boundary between that State and the Territory of
New Mexico, was, immediately on its passage,
' transmitted by express to the Governor of Texas,
to be laid by him before the General Assembly
for its agreement thereto. Its receipt was duly
acknowledged, but no official information has yet
been received of the action of the General Assem-
bly thereon; it may,"however, be v*ry soon ex-
pected, as, by the terms of the propositions sub-
mitted, they were to have been acted upon, on or
before the first day of the present month.,
1 It was hardly to have been expected that the se-
ries of measures passed at your last session, witk
; the view of heeding the sectional differences which
had sprung from the slavery and territorial ques-
tions, should at once have realized their beneficent
purpose. All mutual concession in the nature of
a compromise must necessarily be unwelcome to
men of extreme opinions. And though without
such concesssions our Constitution could not have
been formed, and cannot be permanently sustained,
] yet we have seen them made the subject of bitter
controversy in both sections of the Republic. It
required many months of discussion and deliber-
ation to secure the concurrence of a majority of
Congress in their favor. It would be strange if
they had been received with immediate approba-
tion by people and States, prejudiced and heated
by the exciting controversies of their representa-
tives. I believe those measures to have been re-
quired by the circumstances and condition of the
j country. I believe they were necessary to allay
! asperities and animosities that were rapidly alien-
ating one section of the country from another, and
! destroying those fraternal sentiments which are
the strongest supports of the Constitution. They
were adopted in the spirit of conciliation, and for
j the purpose of conciliation. I believe that a great
I majority of our fellow-cttizens sympathize in that
I spirit, and that purnase and in the main approve,
1 and are prepared, in all respects, to sustain these
; enactments. I cannot doubt that the American
people, bound together by kindred blood and com-
mon traditions, still cherish a paramount regard
| for the Union of their fathers; and that they are
! ready to rebuke any attempt to violate its integrity,
I to disturb the compromises on which it is based, or
1 to resist the laws which have been enacted under
| its authority.
