1850.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Interior.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
internal improvements under other laws. Meas.- '
ures have be?n adopted to give effect to the munif-
icent donations of " swamp lands" to certain States
of the Union by the act of Congress of the 28th
September, 1850.
The Commissioner recommends an extension of
the act of 3d August, 1846, in order to remove
suspensions which arise and accumulate in the
administration of that office under general laws.
He also suggests a slight modification of the pre-
emption provisions of the act of 4th September,
1841, and the delegation of authority to the Gen-
eral Land Office to sell abandoned military sites,
or such tracts as had been appropriated to public
uses and afterwards relinquished.
These recommendations, if carried out by early
legislation, will be productive of beneficial results.
Amongst the first and most prominent subjects
claiming the attention of Congress is the necessity
of making provision by law for a speedy and com-
plete extension of the land machinery over our
possessions on the Pacific. At present there is no
mode by which a good title can oe obtained to any
part of the public domain in that great extent of
territory.
Nothing contributes more to retard the improve-
ment of a country than uncertainty in relation
to the title to its soil. Great inconvenience has
already been experienced from this cause in Cali-
fornia.
Grants ate alleged to have been made for large
tracts of land in that State by authority of the
Spanish or Mexican Governments. Many of
these are of a very questionable validity, but until
they shall have been examined and settled by a
tribunal of competent jurisdiction, they will con-
tinue to throw a cloud over the title to valuable
bodies of land, and seriously affect the settlement
and prosperity of the country. To remedy this
evil it would seem to be proper to make provision
by law for the appointment of a commission to
investigate all claims of this character, with a view
to their final adjudication. But the extent of the
powers with which it should be invested is a sub-
ject worthy of the serious consideration of Con-
gress. The Commissioner of the General Land
, Office has discussed the question fully, and his
report contains much valuable information in re-
gard to it.
MINERAL LANDS.
The proper disposal of these lands is a subject
of much intrinsic difficulty, and one on which a
great diversity of opinion exists among judicious
men.
Three different modes of disposing of them have
been suggested, each of which has some advan-
tages, and all of which are liable to serious objec-
tions. The report from the Department of the
Interior which accompanied the last annual mes-
sage of the President to Congress recommended
that the mineral lands should be divided b} actual
survey into small parcels, and leased out for terms
of years, reserving to the Government, by way of
rent, a percentage on the products. Many per-
sons, whose opinions are entitled to respect, have
urged the grant of licenses to individuals, at fixed
prices, to mine within particular districts, with or
without machinery, as the license may prescribe.
Others, of equal judgment and experience, insist
that the only way to avoid difficulty, and make
the mineral lands" available, is to lay them off into
small'tracts, and sell them out at auction.
The arguments in favor of leasing them are cer-
tainly entitled to great respect. But a careful ex-
amination of the subject, and a reference to our
own experience of the operation of that system
in regard to the mineral lands in other parts of
the Union, have induced me to doubt whether the
evils inseparable from it would not more than
counterbalance its advantages. It would create a
system of feuds which would soon become odious
to the people. The relation of landlord and ten-
ant being established between the Government
and the occupants of the mines, the jealousy and 1
irritation which that relation too often engenders
would soon arise. The lessees would regard the
Government as an exacting and oppressive land-
lord, and a strong feeling opposed to the payment .
of rents would spring up. The officers intrusted
with the supervision of the mines and the collec-
tion of the public dues would become objects of
hatred and distrust, and the miners, instead of
looking to the Government as their guardian and
protector from wrong, would be driven by the
force of circumstances into an attitude of hostil-
ity to it, as the source of all the evils which op-
pressed them. Attempts to enforce the payment of
rents by legal process would prove abortive, be-
' cause the whole community would have an inter-
est adverse to their collection. Collisions be-
tween the tenants and the officers of the law
would ensue, the feelings of the people would be !
, alienated, and the whole country involved in tur-
moil and confusion.
No considerations of a mere pecuniary charac-
ter should induce the Government to adopt a
policy which would tend to consequences like
these. The system of licenses is obnoxious to
similar objections, varying only in degree. I am, '■
i therefore, of the opinion that the mineral lands j
i should be divided into small tracts, and sold in fee
! simple to the highest bidder at public auction. The |
11 extent of the lots should depend on the apparent
'I richness of the mines; but they should be small j
, enough to afford persons in moderate circum- ■
stances an opportunity of becoming bidders, and
thus enlarge the field of competition as far as i
i possible. i
If these lands are leased, it will be necessary '
j | for the Government to maintain a large number of i
]; officers in California at high salaries, whose re-
| sponsibility must, from the circumstances of the
I1 case, be almost nominal. But by selling the
: lands all connection between the miners and the 1
Government will be severed, permanent interests
will be acquired in the country, and a new stimu-
- lus given to the enterprise of our citizens. i
j, INDIAN AFFAIRS.
lj Our relations with the Indian tribes will de-;
mand the prompt and earnest attention of Con- j
I gress. The annexation of Texas, and the recent
|j treaty with New Mexico, have, it is estimated,
, added about one hundred and twenty-four thou-
II sand persons to our Indian population. Many of:
11 the tribes thus brought under our control are j
fierce in their disposition and predatory in their j
habits, and it is feared can only be restrained from !
committing great outrages on the persons and !
property of the inhabitants of neighboring terri- i
tory by the military power of the country. j
, No provision having beenjmade by law until :
the close of the last session of Congress for the
appointment of agents to take charge of the nu- j
merous tribes in California and New Mexico, the i
Government had no means of obtaining much sat-
isfactory information respecting their condition
and wants. It is hoped, however, this defect will
be supplied by the agent and commissioners who
have been recently appointed, and who are now !
on their way to the scene of their labors.
Shortly before the close of the last session, and
immediately after the passage of the act author-
izing the appointment of Indian agents for Califo-
nia, nominations were made to and confirmed by ;
the Senate of three persons well qualified for the
discharge of their respective duties.
Instructions were prepared by the Department,
and, when the agents were ready to set out on
their journey, it was discovered that, by some
oversight, no appropriation had been made to pay
their salaries. Their movements were, therefore,
arrested for the time; but as it was deemed im-
portant that all "unnecessary delay should be
avoided, and as provision had been made for the
appointment and payment of three commission-
ers to negotiate treaties with the Indians of Cali-
fornia, it was concluded to appoint the same per-
sons commissioners who had been nominated and
confirmed as agents. By adopting this course,
the commissioners were enabled to proceed with-
out delay to the Indian territory, where they will
acquire such knowledge of the habits and char- :
acter of the Indians as will qualify them to enter
efficiently on the discharge of their duties as
agents, as soon as the appropriation shall be made
for their salaries; when that ia done, their func-
tions as commissioners will cease.
A resident superintendent and three general
agents have been appointed for the Indian tribes 1
of Oregon.
Two special agents have been commissioned
under the act of September, 1850, to cooperate >
with the resident agent in Texas in conciliating j
die Indians of that State. Under the Authority of;
the same act three commissioners have.been ap
pointed to accompany the joint commission now
engaged in running and marking the boundary
line between the United States and Mexico, for
the purpose of obtaining full and correct inform-
ation in regard to the Indian tribes who are scat-
tered along our southwestern frontier, and if pos-
sible to establish friendly relations with them.
It is greatly to be regretted that no authority
was conferred by law for the appointment of resi-
dent agents in New Mexico, wnere they are more
necessary than in any other part of the territory
of the United States. The Indians of that coun-
try, comprising the Camanches, Navajoes, Utalis,
Apaches, and Ticcarillas, are the most savage and
lawless within our boundaries. For many years
they have been in the habit of making hostile in-
cursions into the neighboring provinces of Mex-
ico, and ravaging whole neighborhoods—murder-
ing the men and carrying the women and children
into captivity. By our recent treaty with Mex-
ico, the Government of the United States has bound
itself to repress these outrages by Indians resident
within our borders. It is essential, therefore, for
the fulfillment of our treaty stipulations with our
sister Republic, as well as for the protection of our
own citizens, that agents should be sent among
these tribes who can exercise a restraining in-
fluence over them. The n ecessity for this measure
has been painfully illustrated by the outrages
which have been committed upon our citizens
traveling to and from Santa Fe. The attack upon
Mr. White and his party within afew days' jour-
ney of that place has obtained a melancholy noto-
riety. He and his whole party Were brutally
murdered, with the exception of his estimable
wife and a daughter under ten years of age, who
were made captives. Subsequently, being pressed
by a body of men who were in pursuit of them,
the Indians murdered Mrs. White, but still retain
the daughter in horrible captivity. At the last
session Congress appropriated $1,500 to be used
in procuring her release. This sum was promptly
placed at the disposal of Colonel Calhoun, the
nearest resident agent, (whose judgment and
knowledge of the Indian character fit him in a pe-
culiar manner to discharge the duty,) with full
power to use it in such manner as he might think
best. He has also been instructed to convey in-
formation to the Indians that unless this child be
delivered up, they will receive the chastisement
by the military power of the Government which
their savage cruelty so richly deserves.
HIGHWAY TO THE PACIFIC.
Considerations of great national interest seem
to require that the means of intercourse with our
possessions on the Pacific coast should be im-
proved by the construction of a great thorough-
fare, entirely within our own territory, from the
valley of the Mississippi to the Pacific. Whether
this can be best accomplished by a railway, a
turnpike, or a plank roan, or by a combination of
the different modes of improvement, can only be
determined after a careful survey of the country
and its resources shall have been made. Our
only access to them now is by a toilsome journey
of months' duration through comparatively track-
less wastes, or by a circuitous voyage attended
with many privations and dangers. A highway,
commencing at some point in the valley of the
Mississippi, and terminating on the coast of the
Pacific, with lateral branches, would not only fur-
nish the means of convenient intercommunication,
but would lead to the establishment of a chain of
settlements along its line, which would link to-
gether the widely separated portions of our coun-
try by an inseparable bond of union.
"The gigantic character of the work, however,
admonishes us of the necessity of adopting every
precaution in ascertaining the best meins of ef-
fecting the object. With that view, care should
be taken to obtain full and accurate information
as to the shortest and best route, having due ref-
erence not only to distance between the termini,
but also to the soil, climate, and adaptation to ag-
ricultural purposes of the intermediate country.
If the report.should be favorable, it would then
be for the wisdom of Congress to determine how
far the probable augmentation of the value of the
public land, the increased facilities in the trans-
portation of the mail, and the other advantages
already referred to, which may be reasonably
