1850.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
II
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
* -witch and Vixen, standing in need of repairs, were
brought for that purpose to the navy-yard at
Washington, and are expected soon to be again
ready for sea. The sloop German town having
been infected with yellow fever during her cruise
in the West Indies, was taken early in the present
Autumn to the port of New York, and being now
thoroughly cleansed and refitted, is preparing to
join the squadron on the coast of Africa. The
steamer Saranac, Captain Tatnall, has been lately
added to this squadron, and bears the broad pen-
nant of Commodore Parker.
, The Pacific squadron continued under the com-
mand of Commodore T. Ap C. Jones until the
month of June last, when he was relieved and
succeeded by Commodore McCaulev. It consists
of the frigate Savannah, Captain iPage, bearing
the broad pennant of the commander of the squad-
ron, the frigate Raritan, Captain Gauntt, the
sloops Vandalia, Commander Gardner, Vincennes,
Commander Hudson, Falmouth, Commander
Pearson, St. Mary's, Commander Magruder,
Warren, (unseaworthy and used as a storeship,)
Lieut. Pickering, the steamer Massachusetts,
Lieut. Knox, and the storeship Supply, Lieut.
Kennedy. The sloop Preble, Commander Glynn,
and the storeship Fredonia, Lieut. Neville, are
now on their homeward voyage from this station,
and the ship-of-the-line Ohio, Commander Strib-
ling, returned therefrom in April, and was placed
in ordinary at the navy-yard in Charlestown. It
is intended that the frigate Raritan and sloop St.
Mary's, which have been recently dispatched to
this squadron, together with a third vessel, to be
designated bv the commodore, shall cruise be-
tween Cape Horn and Panama, and westward to the
180th degree of longitude, visiting the Marquesas
and Friendly Islands, and making their depot of
supplies at Valparaiso, while the residue of the
squadron will be generally employed in that ocean
north of the equator. Tiie advantage, indeed the
necessity of an efficient fleet in the Pacific for the
protection of an extended territory and sudden
and wonderful commerce in that hitherto unoccu-
pied region of the world, cannot be too highly es-
timated, and will be again adverted to in the sequel
of this communication.
The squadron on the coast of Brazil, Commodore
McKeever commanding, is composed of the frigate
Congress, Captain Mcintosh, bearing the broad
pennant of the commodore, the sloop St. Louis,
Commander Cocke, the brig Bainbridge, Lieut.
Manning, and the storeship Relief, Lieut. Totten.
The frigate Brandywine, Captain Boarman, the
flag ship of Commodore Storer, who was recently
relieved from the command of this station, is ex-
pected soon to arrive at the port of New York.
The cruise of this squadron extending from the
mouth of the river Amazon to Cape Horn, and
occasionally eastward to the coast of Africa, its
attention has been especially directed to the sup-
pression, by legitimate interposition, of the Afri-
can slave trade, still carried on to a considerable
extent between Brazil and the coast of Africa; to
the protection of our neutral rights in the state of
hostility lately existing between the Argentine Re-
public and the Banda Oriental of Uraguay, and ;
e cultivation of relations of commerce and
amity with the Goverrtments and people of the
several nations along the coast of its cruising
ground.
The Mediterranean squadron, under the com-
mand of Commodore Morgan, consists of his flag
ship the razee Independence, Captain Jamesson,
the frigate Cumberland, Captain Latimer, the
steamer Mississippi, Captain Long, and the store-
ship Lexington, Lieutenant Mitchell. The course 1
, of political events in Europe not appearing to re-
quire the continuance of the large force which had
been assembled in that sea, in consequence of the
unsettled aspect of affairs at the date of the last
annual report from this Department, the frigate
St. Lawrence, Captain Paulding, attached to this
squadron, was ordered to proceed to the Baltic,
on a short cruise, and thence to return to the Uni-
ted States. She arrived at New York in the pres-
ent month. The frigate Constitution, Captain
Conover, also of this squadron, has been ordered
home, and may be expected daily. Under or- !'
ders from the Department, Commodore Mor-
gan, with his flag-ship Independence, and the .
steamer Mississippi, visited Lisbon in the month
of June, and received on board our Charge d'Af-
faires, on the occasion of hiB retirement from that
court, and conveyed him to Naples. This squad-
ron has been actively engaged in visiting the va-
rious ports of the Mediterranean, the Adriatic,
and the Archipelago, and has maintained % disci-
pline and efficiency hig'^y commendable.
The squadron on the coast of Africa, under the
command of Commodore orregory, embraces his
flag-ship, the sloop-of-war Portsmouth, Com-
mander Peck, the sloop-of-war John Adams,
Commander Powell, the sloop-of-war Dale, Com-
mander Pearson, the brig Porpoise, Lieutenant
Lardner, and the brig Perry, Lieutenant Fodte.
Orders were issued for the return of the sloop-of-
war Yorktown, Commander Marston, lately at-
tached to this squadron, but before their receipt
she was wrecked on a coral reef on the northern
extremity of the Island of Mayo, one of the Cape
de Verdes. All the officers and crew were saved,
and have been sent home in the sloop John Adams.
They arrived at Norfolk on tbe27ih instant. The
vessel is a total loss. Under the vigilance and
energy of the officers of this force the slave traffic,
has been broken up on the west coast of Africa,
but it still prevails on the south coast, in vessels
bearing the flag of the United States, in spite of
the efl'orts of our cruisers, which have been from
time to time dispatched from the squadron to sup-
press it. Within the present month a brig called
the Chatsworth, captured as a prize on the latter
coast by Lieutenant Foote, in the brig Perry, for
being concerned in the slave trade, has arrived in
the port of Baltimore for trial.
Occasional instances have occurred of the inter-
ference of British cruisers with vessels bearing
our flag on that coast, upon suspicion of their
being slavers; but in each case the offence has
been atoned for by explanations and apologies to
our officers on that static^, and the reports thereof
have been transmitted from this Department to \
the Department of State. j
The squadron in the East India and China seas, j
lately under the command of Commodore Get- i
singer, who returned home in the sloop St. Mary's !
in June last, was transferred to the command of
Commodore Voorhees, and consists of the sloop-
of-war Saratoga, Conjmander Walker, and the i
sloop-of-war Marion, Commander Glendy. The
sloop-of-war Plymouth, Commander Gedney, and
the brig Dolphin, Lieutenant Commanding Page,
having been recently detached from -this service
on the expiration of their cruise, are now on their
passage to the United States. In the month of
February last the commander of this squadron '
took on board of his flag-ship, the sloop-of-war
Plymouth, at Macao, Mr. Hallestier, who had
been appointed a commercial agent of the United
States^ and carried him to Cochin-China and other
parts of Eastern Asia, with a view to the exten- •
sion of our commercial relations among those dis-
tant and peculiar nations. ;
It is a source of high gratification that, where-
ever our flag hats been displayed by a national ves-
sel, it has received the respect due to the national (
character, and that our interests and commerce in .
every sea have been secure and prosperous under i
its protection. '
Under the joint resolution of Congress approved :
May 2, 1850, "authorizing the President to aecept
and attach to the navy two vessels offered by '!
Henry Grinnell, Esq.,of New York,to be sent to
the Arctic seas in search of the British command- i
er, Sir John Franklin, and his companions,"
whose uncertain and melancholy situation has en- j
listed the sympathies of the friends of science and j
nautical adventure throughout the world, two i
brigantines were received, and by order of my :
Eredecessor were placed under the command of ;
.ieutenant J. De Haven, who, with a sufficient
crew of officers and me->, nobly volunteered for
that service. The command of one of these ves-
sels was assigned to Passed Midshipman S. P.
Griffin, Lieutenant De Haven commanding the ■
other in person, and having the direction of the
expedition. They sailed from New York in the
month of May, and at the date of their last report
to the Department had advanced to the 75th de- :
gree of north latitude, and about the 60th degree
of west longitude, gallantly contending with the
icebergs of that region, and as yet not without hope ,
of success in their humane but perilous enterprise, j.
In the active service afloat of the officers of the
navy, it is proper to enumerate their labors on the
Coast Survey, a work which, although committed
to the direction of the Treasury Department, is, in
the most important part of its field operations, es-
sentially performed by them. During the last
year, nine parties, eight in the Atlantic and one
in the Pacific, each in charge of a lieutenant in the
navy, accompanied by a competent force of mid-
shipmen as assistants, have been actively engaged
in this survey. Whether, in consideration of the
main objects expected to be realized in the com-
pletion of the work, and the large agency in its
execution devolved on the navy, it would not be
more appropriate and just, as well as economical,
to assign it wholly to this branch of the service, is
worthy of the attentive consideration of the Legis-
lature.
Having presented a hasty review of the service
of our various squadrons during the past year, and
I designing to suggest some general considerations
upon the naval policy required by the present in-
terests of the country, I deem it needful to a full
comprehension of the subject, very briefly to re-
view our present naval establishment.
The vessels of the Navy of the United States
consist of 7 ships of the line; 1 razee; 12 fr.gates;
21 sloops-of-war; 4 brigs; 2 schooners: 5 steam
frigates; 3 steamers of 'Re first class; 6 steamers
less than the 1st class; 5 storeships.
Of these there are in commission, 1 razes; 6
frigates; 15 sloops-of-war; 4 brigs; 2 schooners,
(coast survey;) 2 steam frigates; 1 steamer of the
1st class; 3 steamers less than 1st class; 3 ships-of-
the-line, as receiving ships; 1 steamer do; 1 sloop
do.
There are also on the stocks and in progress of
construction, but the work thereon now suspended,
four ships of the line and two frigates.
To the foregoing may be added a contingent
naval force of vessels owned by individuals, but
built by contracts with the Government and em-
1 ployed in the transportation of the mail, and liable
in any emergency to be taken at valuation and
converted into vessels of war, namely: Four
steamers of the first class employed on the line
between New York and Liverpool. A fifth is
contracted for, but not yet constructed. One
steamer of the first class between New York and
! Panama. A second steamer on this line has been
1 brought into use, but has not been finished so
as to undergo inspection and be received. The
contract on this line, as on that to Liverpool, pro-
vides for five steamships.
i To supply the demands of the service in the
construction, equipment, and repair of vessels of
all descriptions, navy-yards are established at—
1. Portsmouth, New Hampshire; 2. Charlestown,
Massachusetts: 3. Brooklyn, New York; 4. Phil-
adelphia; 5. Washington; 6. Norfolk; 7. Pensa-
cola; 8. Memphis.
Permanent stone docks have been many years
since erected at the yards in Charlestown and
Norfolk, and a third is nearly completed in that
at Brooklyn. Floating balance docks with stone
basins and railways are expected to be completed
for use at Portsmouth and Pensacola in the course
of the ensuing year, and a floating sectional dock,
also with a stone basin and railway, at Philadel-
phia within the same period. If these three docks
shall realize the expectations of the Government^
they, with the dry-dock at New York, will have
augmented our naval facilities in this respect
threefold within the next twelve months, and will
have provided all the accommodation of that kind
which may be required on the waters of the At-
lantic and the Gulf of Mexico for many years to
come. The navy-yard at Washington carries on
a highly important manufactory of ordnance and
ordnance stores, of anchors, chain cables, steam
engines, and other fabrics of iron, and prepara-
tions are in progress to erect there machinery for
rolling copper, an establishment long wanted, as
well on the score of economy as to furnish a better
quality of rolled copper for sheathing vessels than
can be obtained in market. The yard at Memphis
is being immediately prepared for the manufacture
of cordage and other supplies of hempen materials
for naval uses, and its operations may be enlarged
with the necessities of the service. . I have regret-
ted to learn that there has been some loss in the
expenditure there, in consequence of the difficulty
