1 ft
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Dec. 2,
31st Cong.....2d Skss.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
of obtaining a firm foundation for the buildings;
and it is in contemplation to have a survey of the
yard by a board of engineers constituted for that
purpose, in accordance with the recommendation
of the Chief of the .Bureau of Yards and Docks, to
provide against like casualties for the future.
In conformity with the act of the last session
authorizing the construction of a sectional or float-
ing dry-dock, basin, and railway on the coast of
the Pacific, I have invited propoWs for the con-
struction of such a work, and the officers of the
proper bureau are now engaged in calculations in-
tended to test the reasonableness of those offered.
So soon as satisfactory terms shall be agreed upon,
it ij the intention of the Department to expedite
the work with all practicable dispatch.
It is estimated that, independently of the public
works, fixtures, machinery, &c., at the existing
navy-yards, the stores on nand for the construc-
tion, equipment, and repair of vessels are equal
in value in round numbers to &6,500,000. The
resources of the country in timber, iron, copper,
hemp, and every species of naval supplies, will
enable these to be increased according to our ne-
cessities. Many intelligent persons incline to the
opinion that, in the present state of mechanical
science and enterprise, and with the abundance of
capital in our country, it would be wiser to rely
upon contracts with privite citizens for the build-
ing and repairs of our public vessels than to carry
on the work under the supervision of public offi-
cers. And it may well be doubted whether, if a
system were now to be projected, without refer-
ence to what has been heretofore done, the num-
ber of our navy-yards might not be considerably
abridged. With these establishments, however,
now capable of use, and with the inconsiderable
amounts necessary to preserve them, I cannot
recommend that any of them be abandoned. The
system of dependence on private contracts, more-
over, would deprive the Government of any con-
venience of location for repairing and building
vessels, and concentrate all such operations in the
commercial cities, where private as Well as public
patronage might he expected. It is, moreover, so
indispensable that ships of war shall be construct-
ed on the most improved plans, to be-devised only
by a practical knowledge of aaval warfare as well
as of naval architecture, and shall be thoroughly
built of the best materials, that it would be haz-
ardous to resort to a new method of supplying
them, where the chief security for their effective-
ness would be the profit to be realized by the
contractor. In a time of war, when every expe-
dient might be necessary to add to the navy, our
private ship-yards would doubtless be found most
important auxiliaries for the supply of vessels,
hut it would be most injudicious to depend on
them as our only resource in preparation for war.
Such being the condition of the vessels of the
navy, and our facilities and preparations for aug-
menting their number, the question naturally pre-
sents itself, what naval force do we require ? The t
answer to this question must of course vary with j
the varying circumstances of the country. Hav-
ing been organized on its present basis by the act
of 1798, ana considerably enlarged, in consequence
of the state of hostilities with France for the two
or three years succeeding, the naval force was re-
duced in 1801, and the number of vessels and |
officers limited by law, the supernumerary officers <
being discharged and the vessels sold. The Tri-
politan war, which soon succeeded, required
speedy additions to the force thus reserved; and
with our extended and increasing commerce, with
the obvious necessity for its protection, and the
protracted dispute with Great Britain as to the
rights of our nag on the ocean, and the brilliant
achievements by which those rights were vindi-
cated by the navy in the war which ended this
dispute, it so gained in the public estimation that
at the close of the war, instead of a reduction of
this arm of the national defence, as was the case
with the army, the annual sum of 41 ,000,000, for i
eight years, was appropriated for the gradual in-
crease of the navy. Although this appropriation
was reduced to $500,000 per year in 1830, the
policy of the gradual increase sull continued to be
a favorite object with Congress and the country.
In 1825, 1826, and 1827, the question of a proper
n|"!a' peace establishment was much discussed ; ■
ana considered, but led undecided by the fl
Legislature, and appropriations for increase, as
well as maintenance ana repair, have continued to
be made, with some irregularity as to intervals
and amounts, until the present time, but without
any definition by Congress of the number and de-
scription of vessels deemed necessary for the na-
tional marine.
The numbers in the various grades of the per-
sonnel of the navy has, until within a recent period,
been left still more undefined than the number of
ships. Since the reduction of the number of ves-
sels and men, after the reestablishment of friendly
relations with France by treaty in ^1801, no statute
for "more than forty years every limited the sum
total of persons to be employed in the navy, or
in its several ranks and officers. The number of
commissioned officers in any grade up to and in-
cluding a captaincy depended on the Presidentand
Senate, and the number of warrant officers on the
President or Head of the Department alone. By a
provisional clause in the annual appropriation bill,
approved August 4th, 1842, the number of officers
in the respective grades of the navy was directed
not to be increased beyond the number in service
on the 1st of January, 1842; and any further ap-
pointment of midshipmen was forbidden until
they should be reduced to the number in service
on the 1st of January, 1841. In this restrospeet-
ive proviso of an appropriation bill the number
of officers was fixed by a standard not then before
the eye of the Legislatuie, but to be searched for
in the roster of the service for the two preceding
years, and by this, after being thus ascertained, it
continues to be regulated.
The personnel of the nary, thus established,
comprises 66 captains, 97 commanders, 327 lieu-
tenants, 68 surgeons, 37 passed assistant surgeons,
43 assistant surgeons, 64 pursers, 24 chaplains,
12 professors of mathematics, 11 masters in the
line of promotion, and 464 passed and other mid-
shipmen; to which is to be added, besides other
warrant officers, according to the annual appro-
priation for pay and subsistence, 7,500 petty offi-
cers, seamen, ordinary seamen, landsmen, and
boys.
The capacity of the country to enlarge this
force, whenever desirable, may be readily per-
ceived by stating that we haye now in the mercan-
tile marine 3,(XX),000 of tons of shipping, an
amount greater than that of any other nation of
the world; and, according to the ordinary estimate
of six men to every one hundred tons, there are
in our merchant service 180,000 seamen. In this
array of hardy mariners to recruit from, and in
our vast resources for building, equipping, and
arming ships of war, we possess the elements of
a naval power unsurpassed in the history of na-
tions. The problem to be solved by the statesman
is, how far these elements are to be brought into
use. Whether the present establishment, 'with
it accustomed regulaUon and direction, is adapted
to our present necessities, or whether it may be
reformed, regulated, and improved, so aa better to
answer the great objects of its institution? And,
in considering these questions, we must bear con-
stantly in mind that we have arrived at a new era
in our history, arising from our occupation and
vast extension of our territories on the coast of
the Pacific.
It is not a matter of surprise that a system which
has grown to its present dimensions without any
law of increase, should be found unshapely ana
dispraportioned. An obvious fault of the present
organization of the personnel of the navy, as
above set forth, is the disparity between the head
and the subordinate parts. The natural desire for
promotion has brought into the higher grades a
greater number of officers than in require by the
present force of ships and men, or than will be
required in any state of things likely soon to oc- j
cur.
The shore stations, comprehending navy-yards,
receiving ships, and naval asylum, and including
one of each for the Pacific coast, will require 18
captains, 21 commanders, 56 lieutenants, 27 sur-
geons, 10 passed and assistant surgeons, 14 purs-
era, 12 chaplains, 60 passed and other midship-
men; leaving for sea service 56 captains, 76 com-
manders, 271 lieutenants, 41 surgeons, 70 passed
and assistant surgeons, 50 pursers, 10 cliajJains,
404 passed and other midshipmen.
Assuming the present number of 7,500 petty ,
officers, seamen, ordinary seamen, landsmen,and
boys, as the force to be commanded, and dividing
it into six squadrons, each to consist of 1 ship of
the line, 1 frigate, 1 steamer of the first class, 1
steamer of the second class, 3 sloops of war, it
\ will give employment at one time to 24 captains,
30 commanders, 156 lieutenants, 36 surgeons, 60
passed and assistant surgeons, 42 pursers, 6 chap-
lains, 396 passed and other midshipmen; leaving
unemployed, either on land or sea, 26 captains, 46
commanders, 115 lieutenants, 5 surgeons, 10
Eassed and assistant surgeons, 8 pursers, 4 chap-
lins, 8 passed and other midshipmen.
" In a service subjected to hardship, danger, and
deprivation of the comforts of domestic life, there
should be, at all times, such a number of officers
as to allow a reasonable respite between active
cruises at sea, and to provide against losses from
I sudden casualty.
But as duty on shore is itself a relief from duty
at sea, it is believed that the above list of super-
numerary officers, at least in the three highest
; grades, is greater than is demanded for an effect-
j lve naval establishment, and I therefore recom-
mend that the number be reduced to 60 captains,
80 commanders, 300 lieutenants, with correspond-
i ing modifications in the inferior grades. Such a
reduction would adapt the supply of officers to the
state of the service, and, by affording employment
to all, with occasional intervals of relaxation, would
tend to advance the standing of professional skill
and acquirement. It would still leave in the
grades of and below a lieutenantcy a sufficient
number for the duties of ordnance, hydrography,
scientific observation, the coast survey, and all
special service, besides active duty at sea and at
the navy-yards, and other shore stations.
While the propriety of this curtailment would
appear to be manifest to give symmetry to the
naval corps, and to infuse life and animation into
all its parts by more active employment, and
therefore to be demanded by the public interests,
justice to those who have devoted themselves to
the service of their country, and have given to it
1 the prime of their manhood, requires that it shall
be effected in the most delicate manner to the feel-
ings of those discharged, and that suitable remu-
neration shall be made to them for the disappoint-
ment and change in their means of livelihood.
! We are not, however, without precedents for such
a proceeding in the reduction of the navy by the
act of March 3d, 1801, and the large reduction of
the army to a peace establishment by the act of
March 2d, 1821. Whether the designation of
the persons to be discharged shall be devolved on
the President, as in the instances just recited, or
on a board of officers convened for that purpose, is
respectfully referred to the wisdom of Congress.
Having by this process determined on the size
of the navy, it will be necessary, in order to ren-
der it effective, to provide that from time to time,
as officers may decline in capacity for useful pub-
. lie service, either from superannuation or other
cause, they may be retired from the active list on
terms both just and liberal.
The duty of the Government to take care, in
old age or in unavoidable decrepitude or disease,
of its gallant and faithful servants, should be in
no respect pretermitted, but nothing should be al-
lowed to interfere with the efficiency of the navy
for thepurposes of its institution. Incompetency
from vice and dissipation should be viewed with
displeasure—incompetency from unavoidable and
honorable causes with commiseration and kind-
ness. But in neither case should command or
promotion be denied to those who must really
and effectually stand between the country and its
enemies in the hour of danger. Even in judicial
offices, held during good behavior, in all well-reg-
ulated States, provision has been made for re-
moval from office for mental or physical incompe-
tency as well as for criminality.
In this connection it is worthy of serious con-
sideration whether mere seniority of commission
should not be disregarded in promotions to
grades above that of commander. Although the
power of the President in nominating to all offices
is unlimited by the Constitution, and dependent
on no qualifications in the candidate, and although
in a few instances there have been departures
from the rule in question, yet general usage has
made lineal promotion to all grade® in the navy
