1850.]
APPENDIX TQ THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
13
31st Cong 2d Se9s.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
almost a matter of right. It is certainly conve-
nient, inasmuch aa it prevents favoritism and ad- !
ranees discipline and subordination, by suppress- |
in? hostile rivalry, to adhere to this usage to a
certain point of elevation, but it is inconsistent
with the spirit of the age, as well as with all our .
ideas of propriety, that the highest rank in a pro-
fession whose active members are habitually ex-
posed, if not to the dangers of battle, to those of
the ocean," the tempest, and ofj pestilential cli-
mates, and in whicn, there is so wide a field for
competition in acquirement, skill, and conduct,
should be made to depend on longevity or surviv-
orship—the mere conditions and accidents of en-
tailed estates in family settlements. It is, there-
fore, proposed that in all future promotions to a
captaincy or to a higher rank, if such shall be
established, seniority shall not be regarded, and
merit shall be esteemed the onlv criterion of selec-
tion. This will appear to be the more eminently
just and proper, since, under the present system,
no brevet rank or other advancement in the naval
service is allowed to reward the most heroic ex-
ploit or acknowledged professional superiority,
promotion coming none the sooner to the best,
none the later to the worst, provided they can es- ,
cape being cut off from the service by the sentence
of a court-martial.
Another defect in the present establishment,
too manifest to be overlooked by the most casual
observer, is the disparity between the ages of
subaltern officers and their grades, proceeding from
the fixed numbers in each rank and the failure to
provide for any promotion, except in cases of
vacancy. The seniorpassed midshipmen, nowin
the service, are older than were Perry, Decatur,
and Macdonough, when they achieved their vic-
tories with so much renown to the country; the
senior lieutenantspast the age when military duty
is required of the citizen in the militia; and the
commanders and captains proportionally older.
The aspiring youth, now entering the navy, may
not hope to reach the rank of a commander in the
period which is ascertained to be the average du-
ration of human life. This long apprenticeship,
which is not required for learning his duties, but
is occasioned by keeping him in waiting for pro-
motion until the exit of some one above him, not
only depresses his ambition by deferring his hopes,
but denies him opportunity for the culture of his
self-reliance, confidence in his own skill andjudg^ j
ment, and the hundred nameless attributes of a
thorough officer, which are only to be acquired
by being thrown upon his own resources and re-
sponsibility. I
To remedy this defect, which has become the [
more grievous and striking since the limitation j
imposed on the number of officers and promotions I
by the law of 1842, already referred to, two |
methods have been severally suggested by officers
of great merit and intelligence.
1st. To reduce the number of midshipmen, so
as to furnish only so many as may be required to
supply the higher grades as vacancies may occur.
2d. To educate a number equally as great as
that now established, and to fix an age in every j
grade, upon the attainment of which, if no va-
cancy exists for promotion, they may be retired
from the navy to find employment in the merchant
service, and supply a reserve corps, in case of (i
war, of the most efficient character. ' [
Whether either of these is worthy of adoption, l!
or some preferable cure may be devised for this j
imperfection, is submitted for the deliberation of j
Congress. j
I also most earnestly recommend that the ser- j
▼ice itself be elevated by recognizing by law the
office of Commodore, and by the creation of at !
least two officers of the rank of Rear Admiral, i
* This increase of rank in the navy, often proposed
in the earlier history of the country, seems now
to be demanded by the highest consideration of
policy and <Iuty. Not to speak of its effect in pro-
moting discipline and effectiveness, by an in-
creased and concentrated responsibility in the
highest grades of the service, it would add to the
dignity of our officers, not unfrequently the rep-
resentatives of their country in direct intercourse
with foreign Governments, and to the respect ac-
corded to them by those of other nations in their
intercourse abroad, and furnish a new and power-
ful incentive to excellence in the minds of the ■
meritorious and aspiring of all the inferior ranks.
We have at this time veterans in our navy, with
the commissions only of captain, and the titles, by
courtesy, of commodore, because they have com-
manded squadrons, who meet on the ocean, as
rear-admirals and vice-admirals, contemporaries
in other services, with whom in early life they as-
sociated as co-lieutenants, and who now with su-
perior rank have often commands numerically inP
ierior to their own. A nation which must be
classed among the great naval powers of the
world, and which, in the abundance of its resour-
ces and its situation between the two greatest
oceans, is capable of "occupying the very first
place, should no longer delay the establishment of
higher naval ranks, and should look to and pre-
pare for the command of fleets as well as squad-
rons in any exigency which may call for it.
Our navy, in its aggregate of persons, is about
equal to the army. The commanders of some of
its squadrons have actually under their command
more men than a division, the command of a ma-
jor-general; and yet its highest commissioned of-
ficer, a captain, ranks with a colonel. By a reso-
lution of the Continental Congress in 1776, provi-
ding a navy for the war of the Revolution, the
relative rank of officers in the land and naval ser-
vices was established as follows, viz: an admiral,
as a general; vice-admiral, asa lieutenant-general;
rear-admiral, as a major-general; commodore, as
a brigadier-general; captain of a ship of forty guns
and upwards, as a colonel, &c.
This scheme of relative rank prevails in the
British service at the present day. It is worthy of
remark, that although at no period since has there
been less than one major-general of the army of
the United States, our naval officers, though in
addition to their proper commands they are, from
the nature Of their service, much more frequently
than those of the army ealled to act for their coun-
try in diplomatic intercourse with distant nations,
whose artificial states of society render rank so
important a consideration, have never been ad-
vanced beyond a commandant of a regiment. No
comparison can possibly be indulged to the dis-
paragement of either of these necessary arms of
our defence, which have so harmoniously cooper-
ated against the public enemies wherever opportu-
nity has permitted, and no good reason can be
perceived why the highest officer of the one service
should not, as a general rule, now as in 1776, and
here as in Great Britain, be equal in rank to the
highest officer of the other. If Congress shall
think proper to add the rank of lieutenant-general
to the army as a reward for the long service and
brilliant success of a veteran soldier, it may be ac-
companied or followed by its correlative of vice-
admiral in the navy, according to the pleasure of
the Legislature.
Of the two rear-admirals proposed, one might
be most usefully employed at the Department it-
self, when not on more aetive duty, in such super-
vision and direction of the personnel of the navy
as might be assigned him by the head of the De-
partment, in analogy to the connection of the Gen-
eral-in-Chief and the Adjutant General with the
Department of War. The other, when not in
command at sea, should establish his quarters at
San Francisco, or other point on the Pacific coast,
and should be invested with command over all the
naval officers and seamen west of the Rocky
Mountains, as well as the naval forces in the Pa-
cific and in the China and East India seas, report-
ing all his oVders and the operations and proceed-
ing under them to the Department, at stated and
early periods. The distance of our Pacific coast
from the seat of Government, even by the most
expeditious route,* is too gTeat for an energetic
system of naval operations, by means of the trans-
mission of orders and dispatches to and fro, or
even for the enforcement of proper discipline un-
der the existing law. In the latter particular our
squadron there is in a less eligible situation than
it was before the acquisition of California. The
commander of a squadron on a foreign station is
empowered to ordercourts-martial,andto approve
and carry into effect their sentences; but, if it be
within the United States, a court can only be or-
dered by the President or the head of the Depart-
ment. Thus military justice, which was formerly
of easy enforcement where the squadron was suffi-
ciently numerous to furnish the necessary officers
to constitute a court, is'dependent now on orders
from Washington, and has become too tardy in
its administration for the ends of the service. This
inconvenience is seriously felt, and demands an
early remedy. It is, however, but one of many
illustrations of the necessity for stationing on that
coast an officer of higher rank and larger authority
than any now existing in the navy.
The object in maintaining our naval force in the
Pacific, and demanding that it shall be in the high-
est degree of efficiency, is twofold:
1st. To protect a coast more than one thousand
miles in length, occupied by a sparse population,
probably not exceeding in the whole 300,000
souls, two thirds of whom are dependent on sea-
going commerce for the supply of their ordinary
food and raiment, and are separated by mountains
and deserts of a thousand miles in extent from our
other settlements.
2d. To give adequate protection and encourage-
ment to our countrymen engaged in the whale
fisheries, in commerce in the South Pacific, and to
that expanding commerce with Eastern Asia which
our possessions on the Pacific will enable us to
command, with a proper improvement of our law-
ful advantages. A naval policy adequate to these
ends seems to be indispensably required. It is a
fact, perhaps not generally known, that the long-
est voyage, in the time necessary for its accom-
plishment, now made by navigators, is that from
our Atlantic to our Pacific ports, and hence it will
appear manifestly expedient in cruises on that
ocean, to fit out naval expeditions from the Pacific
coast, which shall return thither at the end of their
tour. A vessel sent there from the Atlantic, ac-
cording to the present arrangement, to return at
the end of three years, loses one year of the three
in going and returning. And from the. marked
difference in the navigation of the two oceans, if
the design be to bring her home to refit, she will
need a condition of repair to enable her to weather
Cape Horn and pass up the boisterous coast of
the Atlantic, whicn will qualify her fo  an extend-
ed cruise in the Pacific. The extraordinary state
of prices now prevailing forbids the idea of build-
ing vessels or recruiting seamen on that coast.
Indeed, the flag-ship of the Commodore of the
Pacific squadron was, at last advices, deficient by
more than one half in her complement of men,
without* the ability to recruit more, except at
wages far above those now allowed. It must,
therefore, be greatly to our interest, at least until
a. change in monetary affairs in California—
1st. To build ships and recruit sailors on the
Atlantic coast for the Pacific fleet;
2d. When a sufficient number of vessels shall
be placed on that side of the Continent, to retain
them there for permanent use; and
3d. That when crews are wanted to man them,
after the expiration of the term of those originally
carried out, to enlist them in the Atlantic ports
and send them out in Government transports on
the ordinary line of travel across the Isthmus of
Panama, as they are now transported from one
Atlantic port to another.
With a dock for repairing -vessels on the Cali-
fornia coast, as contemplated by the act of the
last session of Congress, such a course of policy
would enable us at all times to keep an effective
fleet in the Pacific, and operate a vast saving in
time and money to the service in that quarter.
By a judicious disposition of our vessels, and
the improvement of the organization and disci-
pline of the personnel to the highest point of effi-
ciency, it is believed that our naval force need not
be immediately augmented in any great degreej
notwithstanding the accession to our territories;
and that the policy of "gradual increase" so long
pursued, while it requires attention to every im-
provement in naval construction and warfare,
need not be materially hastened.
How great will be the transition in the art of
war on the sea by reason of "the introduction of
steam as a propelling power to vessels of war, re-
mains yet to be determined. That it has already
famished an arm of great power, which has been
well likened to flying artillery on land, is beyond
all question; and though not concurring in the
opinion that war-steamers will supersede sail ves-
sels as ships of war, I am yet thoroughly persua-
ded that they will be most valuable auxiliaries,
and I respectfully submit for your examination
\
