14
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Dec. 2,
31st Cong iid Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
herewith a letter from an officer of much intelli-
gence anil experience in the command of steam-
ships of worm regfurd to their efficiency in hostile
operations, simply as striking bodies, in running
down the vesseis of an enemy by means of their
great weight, and the momentum of which they
are capable by the power of steam. As connected
with this subject, I likewise invite your attention
to the recommendation of the Chief of the Bureau of
Construction, that our sail-ship9 of war hereafter
to be constructed shall be furnished with steam
propellers, to be used on occasions where celerity
of motion adverse to the prevailing1 winds may be
important. But with the improvements constantly
going on in ocean steamers, I would not recom-
mend a large addition to this species of naval
force, except in the event of war, lest the prog-
ress of invention shall supplant them by others of
superior construction.
Of the four war steamers authorized to be built
by the act of Congress of the 3d of March, 1847,
the Saranac only has been gotten ready for sea.
It is, howe\ er,not doubted that the other three will
be also repdy in the course of a few months.
While the Saranac will be retained in the home
squadron, as an effective cruiser in any emergency
which may arise, it is contemplated to attach the
Susquehanna to the East India squadron,and to send
the two remaining ones to the Pacific and the coast
of Brazil. It is in contemplation, also, to require the
commandants of the squadrons in the Pacific and
East Indies, and in like manner of those on the
coasts of Brazil and Africa, at certain convenient
times and places, to meet with the greater parts of
t leir respective commands for the purpose of ex-
ercising in fleets." It has sr> happened that all our
naval battles in which the skill and prowess of our
officers have been so signally maintained, have
been (with incons.derable exceptions on the lakes)
fought between single ships; and it remains to be
demonstrated whether their proficiency in the sig-
nals, combinations, manoeuvres, and exercises of
fleets is equal to their well-tried abilities in inferior
commands.
The Naval Academy at Annapolis having been
placed under a new ana improved system of regu- ■
lations, to take effect from the 1st day of July last, !
and under an enlarged corps of professors, affords
facilities and means of professional education not
heretofore enjoyed by the young gentlemen enter-
ing the service, and it is to be hoped is destined to
furnish the navy with what has been so long and
so beneficially enjoyed by the army in the Military
Academy at West Point. The attachment to the
Naval Academy of a practice Rhip, for the pur-
pose of practical instruction in seamanship and
gunnery, on short cruises, under the direction of
the Superintendent, in analogy to the system of
encampment by the Cadets, is regarded as an im-
provement of great value. The academic term, in
conformity with the new arrangement, commenced
on the 1st of October, under the direction of Com-
mander Stribling as superintendent, and is.in suc-
cessful progress. Plans and estimates for im-
provements in the buildings and grounds of the
Academy will be found in the report of the Chief
cf the Bureau of Ordnance and Hydrography,
which are approved and recommended by the De-
partment. -
Applications of meritorious persons for the ap- '
pointment of midshipmen induce me to recommend
that a few appointments at large be allowed to !
the President, as a means of promoting youths of
extraordinary promise, and of placing the sons of 1
officers of the navy and army, who have little
choice of residence, on a footing of equality with
the other young men of the country in eligibleness
for the naval service.
The deficiency of the Articles of War for the
government of the navy have been so repeatedly
brought to the attention of dongress by the re- <
ports of my predecessors, that 1 would content j
myself on this head by a general reference to !l
them, but for the alteration made in these articles j!
by a clause in the appropriation act of the last j i
session. As the Department construes that act, ['
the punishment by whipping for any crime or of- > i
tenoe, whether by the judgment of a court-martial
or the summary command of the chief officer of a
"'"rtwhed. Deferring entirely to
to re^nl??!,0 huLeg,islature.'1 deem myduty I
d them that the act in question has im- ii
posed on them the duty of revising the whole sys-
tem of offences and punishments in the navy
without delay. Both officers and seamen should
be early informed, not only what is the rule of
their conduct, but what penalty will be incurred
in case of its violation. The punishment by
whipping entered so largely into the code hereto-
fore existing since the foundation of the navy,
that its abolition has left in the hands of authority
but few other sanctions than those of death and
imprisonment. And its simple prohibition, with-
out any other change of the system, leaves the of-
fender still exposed to the extreme penalty of
human law, to which stripes were in many in-
stances only a milder alternative.
Thus: Article 14. " No officer or private in the
' nuvy shall disobey the lawful orders of his su-
' perior officer, or strike him, or draw or offer to
1 draw or raise any weapon against him, while in
' the execution of the duties of his office, on pain
' of death, or such other punishment aa a court-
' mai'tial shall inflict."
" Art. 17. If any person in the navy shall de-
• sert, or shall entice others to desert, he shall suf-
't'er death, or such other punishment as a court-
' martial sliall adjudge," &c.
" Art. 20. If any person in the navy shall sleep
'upon his watch, or negligently perform the duty
' assigned him, or leave his station before regularly
' relieved, he shall suffer death, or such other pun-
'ishmentas a court-martial shall adjudge; or, if
' the offender be a private, he may, at the discre-
' tion of the captian, be put in irons, or flogged
' not exceeding twelve lashes."
It is manifest, therefore, that in all such cases,
involving the sentences of courts-martial, the recent
legislation has in no degree abated the severity of
the naval code.
But it was probably the infliction of this pun-
ishment in a summary way, by order of the com-
mander of a ship, in which there had, doubtless,
at times been abuses, which was the principal
m schief intended to be remedied. The alterna-
live in that case, and which now exists, is con-
finement in irons. Aside from any comparison in
the degrees of degradation of these two modes of
franishment, it cannot fail to be observed that the
atter disables and weakens the ship's company
by the amount of every man confined, and would
have few terrors for hardened offenders on the
trying occasions of a battle or a storm. It must
also be recollected that, existing at discretion, it is
liable to the same abuse, with its alternative al-
ready mentioned, although not so efficient for the
enforcement of discipline. In view of the difficul-
ties which surround the subject, I avail myself of
the presence of a board of highly intelligent and
experienced officers,^assembled at the seat of Gov-
ernment for another purpose, to ask their opinion
on several questions connected with this change of
discipline, and will probably be able to communi-
cate it within a few days. And I respectfully
suggest that a committee of Congress shall take
the testimony on oath of respectable and expe-
rienced seamen, as well as officers, in reference to
a proper code of discipline for the service, and
especially in regard to the discretionary punish-
ments to be imposed by officers in command of
single ships.
The line of mail steamers between New York
and Liverpool owned by Mr. E. K. Collins and
his associates, commenced the transportation of
the mails in April last, in compliance with their
contract with this Department, under the act of
Congress of the 3d March, 1847, in two steam-
ships, the Atlantic and Pacific, to which have
been recently added two others, the Arctic and
Baltic, and has been eminently successful in ma-
king the passages across the ocean.
The line from New York to Chagres, owned
by Mr. George Law, assignee of A. G. Sloo, and
authorized by the same act, has had no accession
to its number of vessels since the last annual re-
port from this Department.
The line from Panama to San Francisco and
thence to Astoria, of which Mr. William H. As-
pinwall is proprietor, as assignee of Arnold Harris,
has received an addition of two new steamers, the
Tennessee and Columbia, within the last few
months, making its whole number five.
According to the directions contained in the act
of the last session, approved 28th of September,
I 1850, directing payments to be made on these
several lines, according to the service actually
performed, there was paid to George Law, for
mail service on his line from 1st December, 1848
to 30th September, 1850, in cash $300,278 '
And by credit on his debt for advances 50,000
This payment was made in compliance with
what was supposed to be the intention of Con-
gress in the proviso of the appropriation for the
mail steam service in that act. That, however,
was a temporary provision, and the especial di-
rection of Congress is desired in relation to future
payments for service on this line.
On the 20th and 29th November, 1850, there
was paid to E. K. Collins and his associates for
service on their line, $163,000, leaving the former
indebted to the United States in the sum of
$240,000 with interest, and the latter in the sum
of $385,000, for advancements made in aid of
their enterprise, which will become due in April
next with interest.
Mr. William H. Aspinwall repaid the whole
amount of the advancements received by him in
mail service prior to the 18th February last, ac-
cording to a settlement then made, and having
executed his contract with great punctuality, has
had further settlements with the Department to the
30th of September last.
I respectfully recommend that a line for the
transportation of the mails from San Francisco to
Macao, Shanghai, or other point in Eastern Asia,
either by steamers or sail vessels, be also estab-
lished. Such a line would furnish regular and
early means of communication between our squad-
rons in the Pacific and the China seas, enabling
j their early cooperation whenever occasion might
i require, and would contribute much to the facili-
I tation of that commerce with the East to which
reference has been already made.
In consequence of the adaptation of mail steam-
ers principally for speed and transportation, it has
been doubted by officers of great intelligence
whether they can be converted into war steamers
of the first class without much additional expense,
since they have neither the strength to bear heavy
armaments nor to withstand cannonading. But
as long as warfare at sea, unlike that on land, per-
mits the seizure of the private property of the
people of an enemy when found afloat on the
ocean, they can always be employed with great
advantage under light armaments against the
commerce of an adversary. With speed to over-
take a merchant vessel, and at the same time eluc^e
the pursuit of a cruiser, they must prove a most
formidable means of annoyance to merchantmen.
The operations at the National Observatory
and Hydrographical Office continue to be con-
ducted in a manner highly satisfactory, and are
adding much to the stores of knowledge and the
facilities of ocean navigation. By virtue of the
authority contained in the act of Congress ap-
proved March 3d, 1849,1 have recently appointed
an agent in the city of London to make sale of
copies of the charts prepared at the Hydrograph-
ical Office, for the mere cost of printing them,
with the charges of transportation and a reason-
able commission, so as to diffuse the information
' afforded by them to nautical persons generally .-
The astronomical expedition, under Lieut. Gil-
liss, to Santiago de Chili, with a view to a new
determination of the distance of the earth from
, the sun, by observations carried on at the same
time there and here, and other scientific objects,
has prosecuted its labors successfully, and has
been signally favored by the Chilian Government
and people, as is manifest from the flattering men-
tion of it in the recent message of the President
to the Congress of that country, and from his ap-
plying and procuring to be attached to it a number
of their young men as students of astronomy. *
The preparations for the publication of an Ameri-
; can Nautical Almanac, by Lieut. Davis, under the
direction of the Department, are in an advanced
state of progress. It will appear in a letter ap-
pended from him that he has solicited and engaged
the labors of scientific persons in various parts of
the United States as assistant computers, and
there is every reason to hope that when this work
shall be completed it will not only be highly val-
uable to navigators, but will be worthy of the
I scientific character of the country.
The experiments of Professor Page in testing
