16
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Dec. 2,
31st Cons.....2d Sess.
Report of the Postmaster General.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
Leaving as the excess of the gross
revenue over the expenditures of
the year, the sum of -
$340,018 05
The undrawn appropriations for
this Department under the 13th
section erf the act of 1847, before
referred to, amounted, on the
30th June last, (including the
$900,000 embraced in the reve-
nues of the last year, and inclu-
ded in the foregoing balance,) to $665,555 55
The Auditor of the Department
estimates the balance to the cred-
it of the revenue of the Depart-
ment on the day last-mentioned,
which will be ultimately found to
be available, (and which does
not include the ^£65,555 55 above
mentioned,) at - - - - $649,165 31
Making an available balance, from
all sources, of. - - $1,314,730 86
Out of which there is payable to
the British Government for post-
ages collected under the postal
treaty, during the fiscal year
ending June 30,1849, $35,661 66
And during the year end-
ing June 30,1850, ' 147,013 38 182,675 04
Leaving a net balance (as estima-
ted by the Auditor) of $1,133,045 82
For a more detailed statement of the fiscal con-
dition and affairs of the Department, you are re-
spectfully referred to the report of the Auditor
hereto annexed.
The new contracts for mail transportation in
the northern section, composed of the States of
Maine, New Hampshire, Vermont, Massachu-
setts, Rhode Island, Connecticut, and New-York,
made in the Spring of 1849, showed an increase
of annual compensation of $06,981; being an in-
crease of more than eighteen per cent, upon the
previous cost of that section.
The new contracts made under the lettings of
last Spring, for the western section of the Union,
embracing the States of Michigan, Indiana, Illi-
nois, Wisconsin, Iowa, Missouri, Kentucky, Ten-
nessee, Alabama, Mississippi, Arkansas, Louisi-
ana, and Texas, and the Territories, exhibit a
still greater increase in the annual cost of trans-
portation in that section.
This increase is estimated in the Contract Office
at $236,696 per annum, being about twenty-five
per cent, advance upon the annual cost of that
flection under the contracts in f6rce up to the end
of the last fiscal year. Of this, about ten and
four fifths per cent, is attributable to the increase
of service in that section, and about fourteen and
one fifth per cent, to the increased rate of com-
pensation provided for in the late contracts.
The increased cost in the other sections of the
Union, under the orders for the improvement and
extension of the service on existing mail routes,
made by the Postmaster General during the first
Quarter of the current fiscal year, wilP amount
(after deducting the curtailments or-
dered) to - $12,470 00
And similar orders to be made du-
ring the residue of the year, may i
increase the expenses - - 50,000 00
The placing of the Steam Mail Pack- i
et Franklin on the New York and j
Havre line, will add the cost of ;
a half monthly line for about ten i
months ----- 62,500 00
The service in California and Ore- t
gon, so far as reported, will cost i
for the current year - 80,470 00
The placing of the Steam Packet
Humboldt on the New York and
Havre line, and the putting in
operation of the new routes es-
tablished at the last session, so
far as it can be done within the
remainder of the current year,
in accordance with the require-
ments of the laws regulating the
Department, will probably add
to  e expenses of the year, - 20,000 00
The estimates upon this item and that of the
additional service yet to be ordered, are made upon
very uncertain data. Indeed, the extent and cost
1 of the mail service, as well as the revenues of this
Department, are subject to constant fluctuations,
and the best considered and most careful esti-
mates can furnish only a reasonable approxima-
tion to the actual results.
• The expenditures for the current year are esti-
mated as follows:
The annual expenses of transport-
ation (foreign and inland,) as it
stood at the close of the last fiscal
year, - $3,095,974 00
Additional cost in Western section
under contracts, which went into
effect July 1, 1850, - - - 236,696 00
Cost of improvements in other sec-
tions ordered in the first quarter
of the current year, - - - 12,470 00
Cost of improvements to be made
under similar orders during resi-
due of the year, - 50,000 00
Expense of steamer Franklin on
| the New York and Havre line, - 62,500 00
j Service in California and Oregon
already reported, - 80,470 00
. Cost of new routes, and steamer
i Humboldt, - - • - - 20,000 00
Expense of publishing a revised list
of post offices and postmasters,
and a new edition of the laws and
regulations, with a map to ac-
company the latter, - - - 14,500 00
Expenses of last year under the
heads of compensation to post-
masters; wrapping paper; office
furniture; advertising; mail bags;
blanks; mail locks, keys, and
stamps; mail depredations and
special agents; clerks for offices,
(offices of postmasters,) and mis-
cellaneous items; with eleven per
cent, added, (such expenses neces-
sarily increasing with the increase
of the revenue and general ser-
vice,)   2,447,199 90
$6,019,809 90
To meet these expenditures the Department
must rely on the receipts of postages, the annual
appropriation of $200,000 under the 12th section
of the act of 1847, which has been before deferred
to, and the trifling appropriation made at the last
session of Congress as a compensation for the
transportation of the matter sent free throtigh the
mails under the net for taking the seventh census.
Before giving an estimate of the revenue of the
current year, it is proper to remark that no reli-
able estimate of the receipts from postage can be
made. The increase for the year ending June 30,
1847, was 11 ,27-100 per cent.; for the year ending
June 30, 1848,only 7 43-100 percent.; andforthe
vear ending June 30, 1849, 14 20-100 percent.;
being an average, for the three years, of 10 96-100
per cent.; and the increase for the year ending June
30, 1850, excluding the balances in favor of Great
Britain was 14 5-8 per cent.
It is believed that the postages of the current
year will .show an increase over those of the last
year of at least 11 per cent.,and
amount to $6,099,616 28
Deduct British postages,
estimated at - 145,000 00
Add the appropriations for the
franked matter of the Department,
and the appropriation for the post-
age of census matter, - - -
5,954,616 28
212,000 00
Making estimated revenues, - - $6,166,616 28
From which deduct estimated ex-
penditures, ... - 6,019,809 90
$146,806 38
The conveyance of correspondence between this
and foreign countries, and between the Atlantic
and Pacific portions of the United States, has be-
come a lwee and important branch of our mail
service. The means provided for this convey-
ance consist of sixteen steamships now in actual
service, with four more to be added under the ex-
isting contracts. Connected with this service is
the land service across the Isthmus of Panama,
which is performed by the Government of New
Granada, under a treaty providing a stipulated
compensation, according to the weight of the
mails.
The whole duty of the Government in regard
to our correspondence with foreign countries is
not discharged by simply providing and super-
vising the means of conveyance. Arrangements
should be made with the countries to which our
steamship lines extend, to specify and secure mu-
tual and satisfactory terms for the interchange of
mails, and for the uninterrupted transit of our
coirespondence, in the mails of those countries,
to the countries beyond. With Germany such
arrangements have been already made. They
yet remain to be adjusted with France; but the
subject is now in charge of our diplomatic repre-
sentatives, and an early and favorable termination
of their negotiations is anticipated.
In respect to our correspondence with the West
Indies and South America, some specific arrange-
ment is desirable, and the early passage of a joint
resolution of Congress, authorizing this Depart-
ment to take measures to secure such an arrange-
ment, is recommended.
The mail service in California and Oregon, and
especially in the former, is still in an unsettled
state and but partially reported, so that no satis-
factory statement in regard to it can be submitted.
Sufficient time to communicate with the agent last
: appointed to take charge of the California service
has not yet elapsed since his appointment; but his
report upon the present condition of the service in
that State may be expected at an early day. In
addition to the difficulties incident to the new and
very peculiar state of affairs in that distant region,
there are many that result from the want of prop-
; er experience and skill on the part of those to
whom the management of postal affairs in that
! section oAhe country has necessarily been con-
fided. The appointment of a Deputy Postmaster
Oeneral and an Auditor to reside in California, as
proposed by a bill reported at the last session,
might aid in removing some of the difficulties, but
would give an organization which would sever
that service from the service in other parts of the
Union, and is liable to many objections. It is,
I therefore, respectfully suggested, that improve-
| ment, system, economy, and efficiency would .be
i sooner introduced, if Congress should authorize
the Postmaster General to send temporarily to the
Pacific coast an officer of the greatest knowledge
and experience in mail arrangements and in the
principles and rules of the Department governing
the making of contracts, for the purpope of being
there associated with the local agent in organizing
the service at the outset and placing it on a proper
basis for the future charge and management of
such agent. If the local agent is to be continued
in charge of the service, his salary should be in-
( creased to an amount better corresponding with
I the high prices prevailing in California.
I In view of the time required to communicate
| with Oregon and our newly-acquired Territories,
the following modification of the post office laws
is urgently recommended:
1. That tfie contract and fiscal year for the Post
Office Department, in respect to the service in
California, Oregon, New Mexico, and Utah, be
changed, and that it commence and end three
months earlier than for the rest of the Union, so
j that the returns, accounts, and all other statements
, for the last quarter of the fiscal year in that por-
tion of the Union, can be made to the General
Post Office in Washington, in time, after being
duly audited, to be embraced in the annual reports
submitted at the opening of Congress.
2. That authority be given to the special agent
in that country, to open, at San Francisco, the
dead letters returned from the offices in California
and Oregon, and there dispose of them, as is now
done at the General Post Office, under such regu-
lations and restrictions as the Postmaster General
may prescribe. For this purpose a clerk, or
clerks, with suitable salaries, should be allowed to
the special agent.
A considerable reduction of letter postage, and
the adoption of a uniform inland rate is desired by
