1S50 I
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
17
31st Cong 1st Sess.
Report of the First Assistant Postmaster General. Price $ 1 50 for this Session.
a large nortion of the people of the United States.
Interesting and able reports, recommending differ- |
ent degrees of reduction, were made, but not acted
upon, ;\t the last session of Congress. The sub-
ject will doubtless again engage the attention of
Congress at its approaching session; and, with an
•earnest desire that our rates of postage may be
reduced to the lowest point that is practicable
without calling for a contribution from the Treas-
ury beyond what should be paid for the transmis-
sion and delivery of the official and public corre-
spondence, I recommend that the inland letter
postage be reduced to three cents the single letter,
when prepaid, and be fixed at the uniform rate of
five cents when not prepaid; and also, that the
Postmaster General be required to reduce this
prepaid rate to two cents the single letter, when-
ever it shall be ascertained that the revenues of
the Department, after the reductions now recom-
mended, shall have exceeded its expenditures by
more than five per cent, for two consecutive fiscal
years. I also recommend that the postage to
California and Oregon be greatly reduced, and
that the postage charged on other sea-going letters
be made more simple and uniform. With the
numerous rates now charged—some with, and
some without the addition of the inland rates—
confusion and mistakes are frequent and unavoid-
able. I therefore recommend that twenty cents
the single letter, be charged on all correspondence
to and from the Pacific coast, South America, the
Eastern Continent and its islands, and points be-
yond either; and ten cents the single letter on all
t>ther sea-going letters, without the superaddition
of inland postage, in any case, excepting, how-
* ever, all cases where such sea postages have been
or shall be adjusted at different rates, by postal
treaty already concluded, or hereafter to be made;
and power should be given to the Postmaster Gen-
eral, by and with the advice and consent of the
President of the United States, to reduce or en-
large the sea rates, with the view of making bet-
ter postal arrangfflients with other Governments,
or counteracting any adverse measures affecting
our postal intercourse with other countries.
I also recommend that the provision which im-
poses an additional half cent postage upon news-
papers, sent more than one hundred miles and out
of the State where they are mailed, be repealed,
so as to leave the uniform inland postage on
newspapers sent to subscribers, from the office of
publication, at one cent each.
The postage upon pamphlets, periodials, andc
other printed matter, (except newspapers,) may
be simplified and somewhat reduced, with advan-
tage to the Department. Two cents for the
pamphlet or periodical of the weight of two ounces
or less, and one cent for every additional ounce or
fraction of an ounce, is recommended as the in-
land rate upon all pamphlets, periodicals, and
other printed matter, (instead of the present rate
of two and a half cents for the first ounce,) and
one cent for every additional ounce, or fraction of
an ounce. For tlie sea-going charge on such mat-
ter, and on newspapers, twice the inland rate
to and from the points to which it is proposed
that the letter postage shall be ten cents, and four
times the inland rate where the letter rate is twenty
cents, is deemed a just and proper rate. This
would, in some cases, increase the postage on
printed matter sent to the Pacific coast, and by
our othersealines,wherethepostageisnot already
fixed by postal arrangement; but the postage to
California, as above proposed, would hardly equal
the price now charged by private expresses for
the conveyance of the same weight, in packages
of less than one hundred pounds, to San Fran-
cisco. It will be perceived that the reduction pro-
Eosed in the postage upon printed matter is not
rge. The reason for the greater reduction of
letter postage is found in the fact that the rates of
postage upon printed matter are now exceedingly
low, when compared with the letter rates. The
average postage on letters is estimated at about !
three dollars and sixteen cents per pound, and on
newspapers or pamphlets at about sixteen cents
per pound. After Hie reductions proposed, the
average inland postage on letters will be about
$2 50 per pound when not prepaid, and $1 50 per
pound when prepaid. i
The reductions in postage now recommended
will, if earned out, reduce the revenues of the De-
New Series—No. 2.
partment for the first three or four years.' At the
end of that period, the revenues of the Depart-
ment, under the reduced tariff of postages, will
probably again equal its expenditures. To meet
the deficiency which must follow this reduction,
the surplus revenues already accumulated may be
first applied, and after these shall have been ex-
hausted, an appropriation from the Treasury will
be required, unless Congress shall deem it ex-
pedient to abolish the existing privileges of send-
ing and receiving free matter through tlie mails,
or to increase the annual appropriation now made
to the Department, for the conveyance of a part
of such free matter, to a sum equal to the revenues
that would be derived therefrom, if all free matter
were charged with postage.
The continuance of the franking privilege—a
privilege which may be properly considered as
the privilege of the constituent rather than of the
representative—mqy be dictated by an enlightened
public policy and required by the public interests;
and the same may be said of the privilege,pos-
sessed by newspaper proprietors of sending and
receiving exchange newspapers free of postage.
But if these privileges are continued, it is respect-
fully submitted that this Department should be
paid for tlie conveyance of the matter sent free
under them, by an appropriation from the public
Treasury, rather than by a tax on the private cor-
respondence of the country. If a sum equal to
tlie postage which would be charged on all free
matter, were it chargeable with postage, should be
annually appropriated and paid to this Depart-
ment, it is believed that such appropriation and
the accumulated surplus revenue would enable the
Department to sustain itself, notwithstanding the
proposed reduction, or that tlie appropriation re-
quired would be so inconsiderable as to interpose
no serious obstacle to the adoption of the meas-
ures now recommended.
In case a reduction of postage shall be made, it
is suggested 'that it should only take effect from
and after the 30th of June next, that it may go
into operation at the commencement of the next
I fiscal year. This is desirable for the purpose of
| enabling the Department to present the fiscal re-
' suits of the reduction with clearness and accuracy
in future reports, and also for the purpose of giving
time to prepare the forms,instructions,and blanks,
which will be necessary in consequence of the
change in the rates of postage.
Any reduction of postage is likely to increase
the labor, and reduce, for a time at least, the com-
pensation of the several postmasters. It is there-
fore recommended that power be given to the Post-
master General to increase the rates of commission
at the smaller offices, so as to insure the services
of competent and faithful officers.
- The term newspaper is not so fully defined by
the existing laws upon that subject, as to enable
the Department to decide, without embarrass-
ment and difficulty, whether a particular periodi-
cal is or is not to be deemed a newspaper; and
though various decisions in particular cases have,
at different times, been made in the Department,
they have not relieved the question from perplex-
ity and embarrassment.
There was a manifest incongruity in the laws
establishing the California steamship lines, in pro-
viding for a conveyance of the mails twice a month
from New York, New Orleans, &c., to Chagres,
and a conveyance of the same only once a month
from Panama north along the Pacific coast.
Soon after the close of the last session of Con-
gress, my attention was called to this subject by
a memorial from the representatives in Confess
from the State of California and Territory of Ore-
gon, insisting that a semi-montlily mail service
should be regularly organized and performed on the
Pacific portion of that important route. The'con-
trac tors on the route had already so far yielded to the
complaints and wants of the public, as to take oc-
casionally a second monthly mail, but for want of
legal authority to make compensation for such ser-
vice,its performance had never been properly organ-
ized. Itwas voluntary merely, and only occasional.
The action of the Department was urged in view
of the provisions of the recent act of Congress,
making an appropriation for actual mail service
performed, or to be performed, by mail steamers,
but I did not feel at liberty to make an order which
might divert a portion of that appropriation to
the payment of services not within the contempla-
tion of Congress when the appropriation was
made. Anxious, however, to afford to tlie new
State the requisite mail facilities, an arrangement
was made with the contractor for the monthly
mail, by which the additional service Was secured,
with the express understanding "and agreement
that the order tliercfor should create no liability of
any kind against this Department or the Govern-
ment; that the service authorized by such order
should not be considered in fixing the amount of
any compensation for mail service by ocean steam-
ers, for which any appropriation had been there-
tofore made by Congress; and that the order for
such service was subject to be revoked, if Con-
gress, to which alone the contractor was to look for
an allowance of pay, should disapprove of the same.
The assent of the contractors to these terms was
required and obtained as a condition precedent to
' the completion of such arrangement. It remains
for Congress to adopt such measures, in regard to
this subject, as may be deemed just and expedient.
The locks and keys in use upon the mails of
j the United States have now been in service for
j many years, and the experienced officer of this
] Department, to whose charge this branch of the
11 service has been committed, recommends that the
! same be changed. I concur in this recommenda-
'1 tion, and shall ask that a sufficient appropriation
( for that purpose be made by Congress at the ap-
proaching session.
The publication of the list of post offices and of
a new edition «of the laws and regulations, for
which an appropriation was made at the last ses-
sion, has not been completed. The list of.offices
has been prepared, and its printing directed, but
the printing of the new edition of the laws and
regulations has not yet been ordered. The delay
has been caused by the desire to await the action of
Congress upon the bills affecting this Department,
which were reported at the last session, and by
, \ the pressure of business which has hitherto pre-
i 1 vented such a revision of the regulations as it was
deemed expedient to make before the new edition
was ordered.
The accommodations for the post office of this
city are entirely unsuited to an office of its im-
Eortance, and are decidedly discreditable to the
department and the country. Some improvements,
lately authorized and now in progress, will afford
partial and temporary relief; but other arrange-
1 ments of a permanent character should soon be
i made. The rooms of this Department, also, are
1 already unreasonably crowded, and additional
j rooms for the officers and clerks of the Depart-
ment, and of the Auditor's office, will soon be ab-
solutely required. To afford suitable accommo-
dations for these and for the City Post Office, it
is respectfully submitted that the contemplated ex-
tension of the west wing of the General Post Of-
fice building should be authorized, and that the
upper floors in such wing should be assigned to
! the Auditor and his clerks, and that the first floor
; be devoted to the use of the City Post Office.
The laws regulating the action of this Depart-
ment and its officers are numerous, were passed
at different times, and contain many obsolete and
conflicting provisions. An entire revision of these
laws and the passage of a single act containing all
the provisions of law relating to this Department,
would aid all its officers in the discharge of their
duties, ancf give greater ease, accuracy, and dis-
patch to its operations. Such a revision is respect-
i fullysuggested.
j In conclusion , I desire to acknowledge my obliga-
tions to my assistants and theclerks in the Depart-
ment for the cheerfulness, zeal, and assiduity with
which they have labored in the discharge of their
respective duties, and to renew the recommenda-
tion of my predecessors, that the Assistant Post-
masters Generate placed upon the same footing,
in respect to their compensation, as the heads of
bureaus in the other Departments.
N. K. HALL, Postmaster General.
To the President.
Report of the First, Assistant Postmaster
General.
Post Office Department,
Contract Office, November 16, 1850.
Sir: The annexed table (marked A) exhibits the
; mail service of the United States for the last con-
