18
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[ Nov. 16,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Report of the First Assistant Postmaster General.
Senate &, Ho. of Refs.
tract year. It represents the extent of the service
as it stood at the close of the year, by the number
of miles of annual transportation, the only com-
mon standard to which it can be reduced. Audit
presents the cost of the transportation in the an-
nual prices at which that service was engaged. It
may be well to explain that, in the nature of things,
it gives results at higher amounts than what the
actual payments ofthe vear, under themodifications
and reductions that take place, would show.
As compared with a like table made for the year
ending June 30, 1849, it shows an increase in"
the service of the last over the preceding year
in all particulars—a greater length of routes within
the United States, by 10,969 miles; more annu-
al transportation thereon by the difference of
3,997,354 miles; more aggregate cost on transport-
ation within the United States by the sum of
§295,911; more cost in mail agencies and foreign
service by $54,343, making the total increase of
eost $350,254. That increase from 1849 to 1850,
is twelve and seven tenths per cent, in cost, and
nine and four tenths per cent, in service.
The mail service in California, and the trifling
amount in Oregon, performed within the last con-
tract year, were too irregular and too imperfectly
reported and understood at the Department to be
embraced in the annexed table.
On the 30th June last, there were 5,595 United
States mail routes in operation; there were 4,765
mail contractors, 100 route agents, 27 local agents,
and 376 mail messengers. Table B will show how
they were distributed among the different sections
of the service.
In respect to the current year," commencing first
July last, attention is called to the annexed table
marked C. It shows the annual prices and the
extent of transportation at which the mail service 1
in the southwestern and northwestern sections of
the Union was placed under contract at and since
the last annual lettings, held in April and May
last, for the term of four years, beginning with 1
the 1st of J uly, 1850. A quarter's performance of
this service has already expired. The last year's
service in these States and Territories, to wit:
Michigan, Indiana, Illinois, Wisconsin, Iowa,
Minnesota, Missouri, Kentucky, Tennessee, Ala-
bama, Mississippi, Arkansas, Louisiana, and
Texas, was the last performed under the contracts
that expired on the 30th June, 1850, and sums up
at 17,368,998 miles of annual transportation, and
$943,492 annual cost.
The new service now employed in these States
and Territories, and in operation since the 1st
July, 1850, stands at 19,241,940 miles of annual
transportation; and #1,180,188 of annual cost.
More this year than last by 1,872,942 miles, and
#236,696.
Here is one item,the difference in cost
of transportation between the old
and new contracts in one of the four .
sections of the United States, that
will increase the expenses of the
present over the past year $236,696 00
This is the result of the last periodical
lettings. The miscellaneous daily
orders of the Postmaster General,
directing changes, improvements,
and enlargements of the mail service
in the three other sections of the
Union for the first quarter of the
current year, will add the further
sum, annually, after deducting the
amount of curtailments, of  12,470 00
The placing of the steam mail-packet
Franklin on the New York and
Havre route will add the cost of a
half-monthly line for about ten
months .••••;  62,500 00
The service in California and Oregon,
so far as officially reported for the
current year, is   +  80,470 00
There is reason to believe that the actual amount !
will exceed that sum. The service in California 1
is yet in a crude and unadjusted state. No routes '
have been established within it, by Congress, until '
a very recent date. No mail transportation has \
been authorized, except the temporary service to
be procured by the agent created by the act ofTl
August 14th, 1848. What has been obtained,
has been for short periods, and on brief notices,
and at high rates. The agency placed in charge i
of this anomalous service, has changed hands
three times. At so remote and difficult a point of
operations, beyond the immediate reach of orders
j from the Head of the Department and advice from
| its other officers, what is most needed is an ade-
' quate knowledge and practical familiarity on the
part of the agent, with the principles, rules, and
modes of proceeding in the arrangement of the
mail service, in the letting of contracts and other
i details; and this is not to be immediately expected,
if the necessary experience is yet to be acquired.
Sufficient time has not elapsed to receive informa-
tion from the agent last appointed.
There are other items of expenditure to swell
the expenses of this year over those of the last;
but the amounts of them cannot be stated with
precision. The steamship Humboldt will be
placed imlie New York and Havre service, at the
additional cost of $75,000 per annum, but at so late
adate, probably, as to bring but a small portion of
the expense into the accounts of this year. It is
impossible to anticipate what-will be the amount of
the current orders for the increase of the service in
the last three quarters of the year. Putting it at
due proportion (which would be quite arbitrary)
to the amount of like orders for three sections of
the Union made in the first quarter, it would be
at the rate of $52,878 a year. But then only a part
of that amount would fall into the payments made
this year; and circumstances in the service may
arise to produce a very different amount of addi-
tional allowances.
By an act approved September 27, 1850, Con-
gress created seven hundred and eighty-three new
post routes. One sixth of them, in number, may
be put in operation this year at a supposable cost,
we will say, of $15,000 per annum; five twelfths
of which only will come into tTie expenditures of
this year. To put this service under contract,
requires an advertisement for proposals and-a pub-
lic letting.
In respect to those new routes that lie in the
New England, New York; and middle sections,
advertisements forbids may be immediately issued,
and the lettings thereon held at an early day in
January next. This preliminary letting could not
well be enlarged, in erder to include in it those of
more distant States, without seriously interfering
with the proceedings of the great annual lettings, I
which, this year, embrace the entire service of the
southern States, as a later period would have to
be fixed to allow the legal notices to be given to
the distant points. Therefore, the new routes in
all but the New England, New York, and middle
sections, and in California and Oregon, will have
to be disposed of to contract at the annual lettings
next Spring,*and go into operation on the 1st of
July, 1851. But, in the mean time, temporary
contracts might be made whenever parties proffer
proposals for that purpose. This last proceeding
will involve an additional cost beyond what is
above estimated, and the amount will be further
increased by the new service that the California
and Oregon agents may succeed in placing under
contract within the year.
I recur, to the new contract service of the cur-
rent year—that of the northwestern and south-
western States and Territories—to point out the
character of its increase in cost ana extent over
the old service of the same section, which has been
superseded by it. We pay on that section twenty-
five per cent, more this year than last, whilst we
have but ten and three fourth per cent, more of
annual transportation of the mail. This, with the
fact that the increase of the last year over the pre-
ceding is greater in cost than in the extent of the
service, would indicate a constant rise in the prices
of mail transportation. A close examination will
show, that in the change from the preceding year
to the last, and from the expired contracts of last
year to the new contracts of the current year, there
has been, to a large extent, a substitution of the
higher for the lower grades of mail conveyance.
If we do not get an equivalent increase of the ser-
vice in the number of miles, we get service of
greater speed and better quality. The mails have
been shifted to more expeditious and costly lines
of steamboats on the western lakes; They have
been transported from coaches to the newly-con-
structed railroads, radiating from the great cen-
tres of business and population in all sections of
the country, and they have found entire new j
channels of conveyance on the Cumberland and
White rivers, and on the coast of Texas, in steam-
boats arranged into lines for that purpose, where
, before there was nothing but some detached cross
routes. And this species of change is more or less
in progress, as the enterprise of the country is de-
veloped in the creation of improved facilities. Nor
is it confined to the cases where steam has super-
seded the inferior modes of conveyance. At the
last lettings, four-horse coach transportation was
contracted for on the thoroughfare roads in the
southwestern and northwestern States, instead
of the two-horse coach conveyance, which could
■have been obtained at much lower prices, but
which left the public to suffer under an inadequate
mode of mail transportation, or look to the uncer-
: tain favor of the contractor to furnish a better
mode under the influence of some other motive
than a sense of .obligation to the Government.'
The increase of cost beyond the proportionate in-
crease of extent in miles, is not, therefore, wholly
an advance of price, or additional cost, without an
equivalent, but represents mainly a better quality
of the service secured by the contract, in the par-
ticular of speed and greater capacity to give cer-
tainty and security to the mails.
On account of the more special interest taken by
Congress and the public in our railroad and steam-
boat mails, the annexed tables D and E are ap-
pended to show the particulars of the contract on
each route of railroad and steamboat conveyance
for the current year. Improvements have been
made on several of the lines, so as to give a speed
of about twenty-five miles to the hour, by means
of special trains stopping at but few of the inter-
mediate points, and devoted to the accommodation
of the through mail and travel. It is believed that
. this is attended with decided pecuniary advantages
' to the companies, derived from the additional travel
thus attracted over their roads. The desire is
universal and most urgent to see this improve-
ment introduced, where it is so natural to look for
it, upon the principal line in the United States—
that between its first comnprcial city and its
capital. A departure from New York on this line
1 at seven instead of five in the evening, would
f romote the convenience and economy of travel,
t would promote the mail accommodation of
th6 public to an immense extent, by taking on
the entire correspondence of ,the day, wiiich
there would then be time to write before the close
; of business hours, and by taking on a vast amount
of mail from the interior, which m that case would
| have time to make full connections with the south-
I em line. This, with a dispatch of but twenty miles
1 to the hour, including all stops, instead of the
average of sixteen, now given on the whole line,
would bring the mail to Washington by seven
o'clock the next morning, and allow a reasonable
interval (whereas there is now not a minute)
for overhauling and distributing that portion of it
that is to go forward to the South. Between Liv-
erpool and London the speed of the ordinary
mails, as we compute it, from office to office, is
from twenty to twenty-three miles an hour, and of
the express mail trains, from twenty-six to thirty.
The emulation of our contractors on the ocean
line, has, in a space of three years, increased
the speed of our steamships "between America and
England to equal, if not to surpass, that of the Brit-
ish steamers. Nowhere within the United States
could this example be followed with greater advan-
tage and distinction than on this the most national
of our railroad lines—the route between New York
and Washington. Another improvement on a. por-
tion of the railroads is greatly needed—more suit-
able apartments in the cars than have been fur-
nished, to contain the mailssafely, and to serve as
an office for the mail agent.
Table F. exhibits aJist of the foreign or ocean
routes, distinguishing those under'contract with
the Secretary of the Navy from those held di-
rectly under the Postmaster General.
On these routes, correspondence is conveyed to
and from foreign countries and remote portions
of the United States in steam packets, employed
under contract by Government, and running at
stated periods. By the former mode, (still in use
whenever parties resort to it,) it was conveyed by
J sailing vessels as their voyages might occur, for a
1 small gratuity, payable upon each letter at the
i port of delivery. The new system is much the
