22
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Dec.,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Senate Ho. of Reps.
ending on the 30th June, 1852, amounting to
§294,807,407 95, the sum of 38,148,330 18, ex-
clusive of $13,387,544 06 interest on the war debt,
is required to sustain the faith of the Government,
pledged or implied, or arising in consequence of
its acts during a period subsequent to 30th June,
1845, and prior to 1st July, 1849.
Some of the objects of these estimated expendi-
tures, by reason of the extended area of territory,
have been made either permanent charges upon
the Treasury, or will continue for a long series of
years, and may be stated as follows:
Excess of expenditures of War Department;
Navy Department; Pensions; Interest on War
Debt; Territorial Governments; Survey of Bound-
ary Line; Survey of Coast of California; Indians.
Further experience will undoubtedly result in
compelling still greater expenditures in the fulfill-
ment of treaty stipulations, and in controlling and
subduing thelndians and other lawless bands with
which our newly-acquired Territories are infested,
and before there will be that permanent emigration
to and settlement therein of that class of our citi-
zens so necessary to a full development of the re-
sources and defence of that country.
These charges upon the Treasury, not found in
our expenditures ill former times, arising from our
greatly-expanded territorial limits, will doubtless,
for the present, press heavily; b"t we may confi-
dently expect an ample compensation for these
additional burdens in the immense mineral wealth
of our new acquisitions, and the rich commerce
which our commanding position on the Pacific
ocean opens to the enterprise of our countrymen. !
FRAUDS UPON THE REVENUE.
In obedience to the act of the 10th May, 1800,
whereby it is made the duty of the Secretary of
the Treasury "to digest, prepare, and lay before
Congress at the commencement of every session,
a report on the subject of finance, containing esti-
mates of the public revenue and public expendi-
tures, and plans for improving or increasing the
revenues from time to time," I feel it my duty, in
view of our necessarily-increased expenditures and
maturing liabilities, to submit to the wisdom of
Congress such suggestions as the present state of
our country and the revenues seem to demand.
We cannot overlook the fact, in our estimates
of future revenue, that the last three or four years
have been exceptional ones; that we are indebted
for our large revenues in part to the famine, the
revolutions, and the broken-down markets of Eu- j
rope. The ease with which the low duties under j
the act of 1846 maybe reduced still lower by sue- !
cessful frauds and undervaluations, combined with \
the causes just stated, have induced a large excess
of importation. But the markets of Europe are
recovering their tone; the effects of the famine are
passing away; our country is filled, it is believed,j
to excess with foreign goods; and it would be
contrary to all reasonable expectation to look for
a continuance of these large importations.
The provisions of the act of July, 184C, have
been found insufficient for the prevention of frauds
and undervaluations. The extent to which they
have been carried, and the degree in which they
have been rendered systematic and complete, have
been highly detrimental to the revenue. The De-
partment has long given the subject of these frauds
its most earnest attention, and exhausted all its
authority for their prevention and detection, but
they are still of such magnitude and so demoral-
izing in their effects as to demand the immediate
interposition of Congress.
A special communication on this subject was
made to the Senate on the 26th September lait,
in answer to a resolution of that body, and, as
that embraced much that would otherwise be in-
corporated in this report, a copy therof is annexed
thereto, marked —.
That numerous frauds by means of undervalu-
ations have been and continue to be systematically ,
perpetrated, and that they are confined neither to
nne class of articles, one market, nor one port of'
the United States, this Department has an accu-
mulation of the most undeniable evidence. j
This proof, consisting of a great variety of de-1
tails, will, with great pleasure, be submitted to j
Congress,.or any of its committees that may be
charged with the subject.
frough the vigilance of the appraisers, vast
lumbers of advances upon invoices ha\e been
made. At Boston and New York the number so
advanced, from January, 1849, to October 1,1850,
amounted to more than four thousand, (table T.,)
ranging from five per cent, to upwards of four
hundred per cent. |
! Statement U is an importation of fruit, and is ,
; cited as exhibiting not only the system of fraudu-
lent undervaluations, but the inequality of values
' in the different ports of the United States under
the present system. The fruit was shipped by the
same house about the same time, one cargo ar-
riving at Philadelphia, one at New York, and one
at Boston, the quality and invoice value being the
| same. At Philadelphia it passed at the invoice
value; at New York the appraisers advanced it
1 seventy-five per cent., and at Boston ninety-two
per cent., and no objection nor appeal from the
I decision of the appraisers was made.
I would respectfully and earnestly urge upon
j Congress to inquire fully into the practical opera-
tion of our-present system of imposing duties upon 1
the foreign cost or values of merchandise, being
fully satisfied that the longer it is continued the
weaker will become the restraints upon, and the
stronger the inducements to the commission of
frauds, by misrepresenting the dutiable values.
WATS AND MEANS.
I The estimated receipts from customs, as pre-
sented for the remainder of the current year, and
for the year ending 30th June, 1852, are based
upon a continuance of the present large amount
of imports. Aside from our increased expendi-
tures, and exclusive of estimated purchases of
stock, we have to provide for $7,220,952 89 of the j
public debt which matures within the next two
I fiscal years.
| The ordinary expenditures of the Government, !
and the public debt originating chiefly in the re- !
cent war with Mexico, together with a variety of
demands arising out of that war, present the
amount of liabilities for which it becomes the duty
of Congress to provide.
Our trade with foreign nations, and the moneys
arising from the sales of public lands, have consti-
tuted heretofore the resources from which the
j annual expenses of the Government have been
procured; and they are at this time the only means
by which these necessary charges can be paid, the
public faith upheld, and a speedy liquidation of
the public debt insured.
By the long and unbroken practice of the Gov-
ernment, duties on imports have been regarded as
the least objectionable mode of raising revenue.
By the various acts of Congress appropriating
the public lands to objects which withdraw them
from ordinary revenue purposes, it is quite cer-
tain that for several years to come the Treasury,
must be mainly—if not entirely—dependent for
its receipts upon duties levied upon foreign mer-
chandise.
The act of the 28th January, 1847, appropriates
the entire proceeds of the sales of the public lands
to the payment of the principal and interest of the
loan provided for by that law.
By reference to table D, it will be found that
the loan for the redemption of which this fund is
appropriated amounts to §27,135,122; the interest
upon which, at 6 per cent, per annum, is to be
paid semi-annually, and the principal on the 1st
January, 1868.
The laws recently enacted giving lands to those
who served in the war with Mexico, and at the
last session to such as had served in former wars,
in addition to grants to States for internal improve-
ments, will undoubtedly supply the market with
the greater portion of the lands that will be re-
quired for occupation for many years to come.
This source of revenue, therefore^-small, indeed,
comparatively, but still in the ten years preceding
1848 available for an annual average of $2,993,"-
616 19, (statement V)—should not hereafter be re-
lied upon with any certainty or to any considerable
amount in estimating the receipts of the Treasury.
Statement lv, appended to this report, shows
the number of warrants located by the acts to which
reference has been made, and the number yet to be
located, as estimated from the piy-rolls and other
evidences on file, with the quantity of lands, in
acres, required to satisfy them. The quantity of
lands sold, and taken from market by virtue of
those warrants, for the years 1847, 1848.and 1849,
is 14,727,742.40 acres, averaging 4,909,247.46
acres per annum, valued at $18,911, 134 76, aver-
aging $6,303,711 58 per annum.
The warrants yet to be presented under these
acts will require 78,922,513 acres, valued at
§98,653,140. At the above average of 4,909,247.46
acres per annum, over sixteen years will be required
to absorb and satisfy the warrants yet to be issued,
as estimated under the several bounty land acts
now in force.
There will then be diverted from the Treasury,
from the sale of Sands, the sum of $113,245,896,
not anticipated at the date when the revenue law
of' 1846 was enacted. (See statement K.)
This state of things imposes upon Congress the
duty of determining whether the laws now exist-
ing, with the rates of duties imposed by them oil
foreign merchandise, will produce the amount ne-
cessary to defray the annual ordinary expenditures
of the Government, and meet punctually the interest
on the public debt. The ability of the country to
discharge every obligation upon it, if aided by
wise and timely legislation, is unquestionable. If
ample provision shall be made for the prompt dis-
charge of annually accruing liabilities, the public
faith, as it has been hitherto, will be maintained,
and the public credit continued on such a basis as
to insure an advantageous and speedy extinguish-
ment of tlie public debt.
The system of ad valorem duties, however well
adapted to many articles of trade, when applied
to all, without discrimination, restriction, or safe-
guard, has- been proved by the experience of this
Department to be subject to many and strong ob-
I jections. Its tendency is to cherish a spirit of
I overtrading greatly injurious to the industry of
j our own country in all its departments, and, in
! its final results, fatal to the revenue. Considering"
| this system only in its operation upon revenue,
it is believed that the experience of the most en-
lightened commercial nations of Europe has proved
it to be impolitic and unsafe. Under the opera-
tion of the British tariff, revised in 1846, the whole
revenue derived from articles paying ad valurem
duties has been only an average of about <#38,000
($182,000) per annum, in a gross receipt from
J customs of^22,000,000($105,000,000)—beingless
than one fifth of one percent, of this immense income
from imposts; and the evident design of Parlia-
ment was to make specific duties the source of
revenue from imposts, so far as it possibly could
be effected. A like policy has also always been
pursued by the other commercial nations of Eu-
rope.
The primary object to be kept in view in levying
duties upon imports is admitted to be revenue.
It is equally well established as the policy and
duty of the Government so to discriminate in the-
levying of duties as, without fulling below the
necessary amount of revenue, to give the greatest
encouragement possible to all the industrial pur-
suits of our own people. One feature of the law
of 1846, in the opinion of this Department, is op-
posed to both the controlling principles just stated.
I have reference to an equal or higher rate of duty
on the raw material than upon the inanfacturei
article of which it is composed. Such provisions
certainly take from the manufacturer and artisan
that encouragement which the present law doubt-
less, to some extent, was intended to afford, and
also check the importation of the raw material to
a degree detrimental to the revenue. The con-
stant fluctuations in prices, and consequently in
the duties, under any unrestricted aa valorem
tariff, give to the act of 1846 that most objection-
able feature, instability. These variations, giving
a high duty when least required, and low duties
when prices are ruinous, tend to an excess of im-
portations, and subject all the products of labor
in our own country to the frequent and enormous
fluctuations in the markets abroad, arising from
the disturbed condition of those nations with
whom our foreign commerce is chiefly carried on.
Under the present system duties are highest
when the article imported is highest, and when
the purchaser and consumer can least afford to
pay the duty; and lowest when the price of the
article wanted would allowa heavy additional duty
to he levied on it. Thus, if an article costs 810,
a duty of thirty per cent, would compel an addi-
tion of $3; if that article falls in value to $5, then
is the duty reduced one half.
That cannot be a wholesome system of taxation
