1850.]
APPENDI^TO THK CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-
25
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Senate & Ho. or Reps.
laws, and insure stability and permanent increase
of the revenue. They are therefore earnestly
commended to the favorable consideration of Con-
guard the revenue against the flagrant frauds It ported within three years from the date of im-
which are so easily perpetrated against existing!; portation.
,■ . -<=   - -  ! As the warehousing system has superseded that
of drawbacks, this extension of time will be in
accordance with the former practice of the Gov-
ernment, and may be granted without endangering |
the security of the revenue. i
I would also recommend that provision be made
by law to relieve importers from the payment of
duties upon merchandise destroyed by fire in
bonded warehouses.
In order to remove every unnecessary restric-
tion upon commerce, and to render the transac-
tion of business at the custom-houses simple and
economical, I would respectfully recommend that
all custom-house fees be abolished, as well those
that are chargeable upon the registering, enrolling,
and licensing of vessels as those relating to the
entry, warehousing, and transportation of mer-
chandise. By the act of 2d March, 1831, it was
provided, " that in lieu of the fees, emoluments,
salary, and commissions now allowed by law to
any collector or surveyor of any district on our
northern, northeastern, and northwestern lakes
and rivers, each collector or surveyor aforesaid
shall receive annually, in full compensation for i
these services, an amount equal to the entire com-!
pensation received by such officer during the past
year."
Under this provision all custom-house fees were
abolished in the collection districts embraced by
this, act; and it is now recommended that similar
provisions be extended to all the collection dis-
In any system it is believed that experience has
settled the true policy to be pursued in several
particulars which enter into our system of revenue
laws. Among these are that all raw material
should be admitted at a moderate rate of duty,
when assessed at all; that all non-enumerated ar-
ticles should be assessed at higher rates of duty
than the average of manufactured articles; and
that all articles composed of the same material
should pay in general the same rates of duty.
In order to insure uniformity in the business of
the custom-houses, and equality in the valuations
under any system, I earnestly recommend the
creation of a corps of appraisers at large, whose
duty it shall be to visit the principal ports of entry
in the United States from time to time, with power
to correct improper valuations and prescribe rules
for the local appraissrs.
PUBLIC WAREHOUSES.
By the joint resolution of the 14th February last,
the Secretary of the Treasury was " authorized
to dispose of the bonded warehouses now leased
by Government, on or before the 1st of January
next, on the best practicable terms for the Govern-
ment."
The leases here referred to are of warehouses in
New York and Boston, the annual rents of which
amount to 0105,415 in New York; $48,199 88 in : triets
Boston. i In view of the revenue derived from imports,
Although the power conferred is not limited, it
has been deemed best to report to Congress that
these warehouses have been offered at the rents
which the United States are bound to pay, with-
out being able to dispose of them at those rates.
So far as offers have been made, they do not
amount to one half of the rent stipulated in the
leases. This would leave so large a loss, that it
is submitted to Congress to direct what course
shall be pursued, and in the event of a peremptory
disposition^of the warehouses being ordered, that
an appropriation be made for any loss that may
result.
On the 17th February, 1849, Mr. Secretary
Walker issued new and very full instructions con-
cerning the warehousing of merchandise under the
act of 6th August, 1846. The seventh section of
these instructions directed that "at those ports
.where stores are owned, or have been leased by
the United States, and the leases of which have
not expired and been cancelled in compliance with
the instructios of this Department, said stores
being classified in these instructions as class 1, the
collectors will, on entry far warehousing, first Jill
said stores with such goods as are proper to be stored
therein, due regard being had to the description and
character of the goods and place of deposit."
The officers of the customs have during the
past year enforced these directions, to the mani-
fest inconvenience and against the earnest re-
monstrances of merchants and the proprietors of
private bonded warehouses. It is evident that, to
compel an importer to deposit his merchandise in
the amount of these fees is comparatively small,
being- less than $300,000 per annum, while their
collection in small sums is a source of great an-
noyance to those who pay them. I would also
direct the attention of Congress to the numerous
custom-house oaths and bonds, consular certifi-
cates, and other requirements with which our sys-
tem is burdened, rendering it at once complicated
and vexatious.
If we would promote foreign commerce, and se-
cure for our vessels their full share of the freight-
ing of our own products, and those of other
nations, we should be careful to remove every
impediment and extend every facility which affects
this intercourse.
The changes in ourlawswhich have been named
will be of essential benefit to all who are interest-
ed in the privileges granted by our warehousing
system; and if, in addition, we should dispense with
the oaths, bonds, and certificates that appertain to
| entries of merchandise at the foreign cost or value,
J and adopt the vsdue in the United States, we
I should relieve the business of importing merchan-
I dise of its greatest embarrassment, and our own
j officers of investigations into the prices paid for
I goods, or the value thereof in foreign countries,
j and likewise avoid the frequent collisions between
| the appraisers and importers which the require-
ments of our present system occasion.
A statement is herewith presented, No. —,
showing the value of dutiable merchandise reex-
ported from 1821 to 1850. The total value of such
exports during that period was $301,093,531, be-
such warehouses as the itnited States may either ii ing an average of 010,036,417 annually. From
own or lease, however remote from his place (f busi- ! j the 1st December, 1846, to 30 th June, 1850, the
ness or the discharging vessel, must in many coses lead >; total value of dutiable merchandise reexported from
to so great an expense as to work a virtual denial of i | bonded warehouses under tip act of the 6th Au-
the warehousing privilege. If the United States gust, 1846, establishing a warehousing system,
have entered into leases of warehouses at extrava-1 i was f12,474,765, being an average of f3,481,329
nt rents, or at points that do not accommodate annually. From which it is apparent that the
benefits anticipated from the warehousing act of 6th
' of August, 1846, have not been fully secured.
] THE MINT.
I The table accompanying this report, marked —,
! exhibits in detail the operations of the Mint at
II Philadelphia and the different branches, from the
importer, it would seem proper that the loss
should be borne by the public, and not thrown
upon the importers of merchandise. These public
warehouses are not entitled to any preference be-
yond what their greater safety or better .manage-
ment may deserve and secure.
The facilities of the warehousing system are ' i time they were respectively established down to
now extensively enjoyed, and may be greatly in- j; the 30th October, 1850.
creased with ail vantage to the importer and safety [ | The amount of coinage at the Mint in Philadel-
to the Government. To effect these ends, I would I phia during the month just passed has exceeded
respectfully recommend that the time for which i #4,000,000 ; and if the experiments now progress-
goods may be kept in store, after the original im- j ing under the authority of Congress for testing a
portation and entry, be extended to three years, 1
and with the privilege of export to any foreign i
country without the payment of duties. While |
the drawback system was in operation, merchan- j
dise was allowed the benefit of drawback, if ex-1
new process of assaying should equal the expecta-
tions which'have been formed respecting it, the
capabilities of that establishment will be extended
to the coinage of $8,000,000 monthly; and, with
the Branch Mint at New Orleans, will be fully able
to furnish coin, without any unreasonable delay,
for all the future probable receipts of gold dust
and bullion.
In order, however, that the receivers of the pre-
cious metals from abroad,and particularly atlxew
York, where the greater portion of them arrive,
may the more promptly and without expense
realize the amount, I would recommend to Con-
gress that this Department should be authorized
to receive all gold or silver bullion intended for re-
coinage, and so soon as it could be assayed and
the correct value of it ascertained, that Mint cer-
tificates should be issued for the s*me in convenient
sums, at the option of the owners, which certifi-
cates should be made receivable for all dues to the
United States, the Government being at the ex-
pense of conveying such bullion to the Mint for
coinage. Under this system the holders of bullion
would always realize the full value, without abate-
ment or discount, so soon as it was assayed, which
generally would be in a few days, and without
waiting until it was actually coined. Such certifi-
cates would be freely received on deposit as specie
by all the banks of the country, to be paid out to
1 their customers who might have duties or other
i dues to pay into the public Treasury, and would
! 1 greatly facilitate such payments by avoiding the
!1 constant counting and recounting of large amounts
i , of coin for the purpose.
i!
I, COAST SURVEY.
! The Coast Survey was reorganized in 1843, and
placed upon its present footing by legislative au-
thority. By that organization the land operations,
constituting four fifths of the whole, were assigned
to civilians and officers of the Army, and the hy-
drography to officers of the Navy.
The distinguished and scientific gentleman who
has so long and so well superintended the work,
with this temporary corps, were placed under the
supervision and control of the Treasury Depart-
i ment, to which all works affecting commerce and
navigation, it was believed,1 should be properly
| committed. It was also thought that officers of the
: Army and N«vy could not be brought to act har-
i moniously together under the control of either the
War or Navy Departments.
! This organization was the result of the expe-
rience of the work up to that time. It has proved
l eminently successful in its operations: the rapid-
i ity of its progress, as well as its accuracy, and
the magnitude of its results, have commanded
the applause of those most distinguished for sci-
' entific attainments in Europe and America.
! This Department has, from time to time, as the
work demanded, ealled for as many officers of the
Army and Navy as could be spared from their
appropriate duties.
An application for an additional number of of-
ficers of the Army is now pending before the War
Department, and will, it is expected, receive a fa-
vorable consideration.
When the recent war with Mexico was declared
there were five officers of the Corps of Topograph-
ical Engineers, and nine of the line of the Army,
i employed in the coast survey.
The survey thus becomes an admirable school
of practice for such of the graduates of West Point
I and the officers of the Navy as had a predilection
for the science called into practice by the work,
i each being engaged in his appropriate sphere.
I While the scientific character of the survey is
: such as to reflect lasting credit upon our country,
it is also eminently practical in its results; the
highest branches of scientific knowledge a^e made
subservient to the most useful purposes.
The economy of the work deserves commenda-
tion. It will be found that as much useful work
1 is done, and as much advantage to the country
and mankind obtained for the sameamount of ex-
■ penditure, as in any other department of the Gov-
ernment. In this respect the last seven years have
! shown a gain in economy of one and three quar-
i ters to one over the expenditures before that time
I for the same work. This may be ascribed to the
enlargement of the scale on which the work pro-
ceeds, which also greatly tends to hasten its final
; completion.
! The trigonometrical portion of wis survey now
extends unbroken from Portland, in Maine, to
' within fifty miles of the Capes of the Chesapeake,
j and,.with an interval of about one hundred miles,
