26
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Nov 27,
31st Cong "2n Sr.ss.
Report of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
Senate & Ho. ok Reps.
whirli is rapidly filling; up, to a point beyond Cape
Hatterns.
It has been commenced ill South Carolina, Geor-
gia, and Florida; is complete ill Alabama, and
nearly ^o in Mississippi; and has been commenced
in Louisiana and Texas. The other operations
follow- closely in their order, and the publication
of the maps and charts keeps pace with the field-
work. Nearly one half of the coast of the Atlan-
tic and of the Gulf of Mexico has been surveyed.
Since our recent acquisitions of territory on the
Pacific, parties attached to the survey have been
actively employed oil that coast, and ha\e con-
tributed important information to this Department
in regard to the proper sites for light-houses and
other aids to navigation.
A detailed report of the progress of the work
will be submitted to Congress at an early period
of the session.
MISCELLANEOUS.
The necessary instructions in fulfillment of the
provisions of the sixth section of the act of 28th
September last, have been issued for the num-
bering and coloring: of the buoys placed " along
the coast, or in bays, harbors, sounds, or chan-
nels."
Arrangements have been made for the manu-
facture and delivery, at a convenient point for
transportation, of the buoys intended to be-placed
in the channel of Columbia river.
Measures have been taken promptly to execute
the design of Congress in providing for the se-
curity of life and property on the seacoast. Me-
tallic life-boats, with the usual fixtures, designed
for five points on the coast of Florida, and three
for the coast of Texas, hare been contracted for.
Like facilities, with the addition of mortars, shot-
rockets, and station-houses, have been authorized
along the shore at Long Island, including a station
at Watch Hill, in Rhode Island.
In pursuance of the directions of Congress,
preparations are being made to test the use and
economy of the calcium light, a detailed report of
which, and also of the general condition of the
light-house establishment, will be submitted to
Congress during the present session.
Engagements have been entered into for the
construction of an iron screw pile beacon upon
Ronier Shoal, under the authority contained in the
act making appropriations for light-houses, &c.
The preliminary surveys, as required by the
third and fourth sections of the light-house act of
28th September last, have been directed with ref-
erence to such new works as were authorized by
that act.
The condition of the several marine hospitals in
course of erection may be ascertained by reference
to the annexed report of the chief of the topo-
graphical bureau and others. It is proper to re-
mark that the insufficiency of the last appropria-
tion for the hospital at Natchez has delayed the
completion of that work. That the seamen on the
coast of the Pacific may derive immediate benefits
from the hospital fund, means have been taken
for the conversion of a building at San Francisco,
known as the Presidio, into an hospital, to be used
until a suitable structure shall be erected for that
purpose.
In addition to the several custom-houses in
course of erection, Congress, at the last session,
made appropriations for additional ones at Bath
and Bangor, in Maine; at Norfolk, Virginia; Cin-
cinnati, Ohio; St. Louis, Missouri; and San Fran-
cisco, in California. Also for sites for marine hos-
pitals at Evansville, Indiana, and Vicksburg, Mis-
sissippi. The necessary steps for the selection arid
procurement of nrop r sites for these edifices have
been taken by the Department. The progress of
those custom-houses in course of erection has been
as rapid as circumstances would allow. That at
New Orleans is of the Greatest magnitude, and the
especial attention of the Department has been given
to it, with a view of securing its completion at an
early date.
The incumbrance upon the site selected for the
custom-house at Charleston, South Carolina, has
been removed, an4 no further delay in the erection
of the building is anticipated. That at Savannah
if3 P.ro"r?sse!i 80 far as to justify the expectation
that it will be ready for occupation by August
next, provided the additional appropriation sub-
mitted to Congress shall be made at an early
day.
Respectfully, THO. CORWIN,
i Secretary of the Treasury.
Report of tile Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
Department of the Interior,
Office of Indian Affairs, .,Vor. 27, 1850.
Sir: Before proceeding to submit, for your con-
sideration, a general view of our Indian affairs and
relations during the last twelve months, I would
respectfully refer to the accompanying reports
of the superintendents, agents, and missionaries
in the Indian country, for more particular in-
formation, in relation to local operations and the
condition of the various tribes, than can be fitly
unbodied in a report of this description.
Among the less remote tribes with which we
have fixed and defined relations, and which, to a
greater or less extent, have felt the controlling and
meliorating effects of the policy and measures of
the Government for preserving peace among them
and improving their condition, an unusual degree
of order and quietude has prevailed. It is grati-
fying to know that amongst this class, comprising
a large portion of the red race within our widely-
extended borders, there probably have never, du-
ring the same period of time, been so few occur-
rences of a painful nature. All have been peaceful '
towards our citizens; while, with the exception of
the Sioux and Chippewas, they have preserved a
state of peace and harmony among themselves.
These two tribes are hereditary enemies, and
. scarcely a year passes without scenes of bloody
strife between them. From their remoteness and |
scattered condition, it is difficult to exercise any
effective restraint over them, while their proximity
to each other affords them frequent opportunities
for indulging their vengeful and vindictive feelings.
Each tribe seems to be constantly on the watch for
occasions to attack weaker parties of the other,
when an indiscriminate massacre of men, women, ,
; and children is the lamentable result. During the
; last Spring, mutual aggressions of an aggravated
i character threatened to involve these tribes in a gen-
eral war; but the acting superintendent, Governor
Ramsey, aided and assisted by the commanding
officer at Fort Snelling, promptly interposed, and,
by timely and judicious efforts, prevented such 8
catastrophe.
Such occurrences are not only revolting to hu-
manity, but they foster that insatiable passion for
war which, in combination with love of the chase,
is the prominent, characteristic feature of our
wilder tribes, and presents a formidable obstacle
in the, way of their civilization and improvement.
We know not yet to what extent these important
| objects may be accomplished; but the present and
improving condition of some of our semi-civilized
' tribes affords ample encouragement for further and
more extended effort. Experience, however, has
conclusively shown that there is but one course of
policy by which the great work of regenerating
| the Indian race may be effected.
In the application of this policy to our wilder
tribes, it is indispensably necessary that they be
placed in positions where they can be controlled,
and finally compelled by stern necessity to resort
to agricultural labor or starve. Considering, as
the untutored Indian dqps, that labor is a degrada-
tion, and that there is nothing worthy of his am-
bition but prowess in war, success m the chase,
and eloquence in council, it is only under such
circumstances that his haughty pride can be sub-
dued, and his wild energies trained to the more
ennobling pursuits of civilized life. There should
be assigned to each tribe, for a permanent home,
a country adapted to agriculture, of limited ex-
tent and well-defined boundaries; within which
all, with occasional exceptions, should be com-
pelled constantly to remain until such time as their
general improvement and good conduct may super-
sede the necessity of such restrictions. In the
mean time, the government should cause them to
be supplied with stock, agricultural implements,
and useful materials for clothing, encourage and
assist them in the erection of comfortable dwell-
ings, and secure to them the means and facilities
of education, intellectual, moral, and religious.
The application of their own funds to such pur-
, poses would be far better for them than the prea- ,
ent system of paying their annuities in money,
which does substantial good to but few, while to
the great majority it only furnishes the means and
incentive to vicious and depraving indulgence,
terminating in destitution and misery, and too
frequently in premature1 death.
The time is at hand for the practical application
of the foregoing views to the Sioux and Chippewas,
as well as to some of the more northern tribes on
the borders of Missouri and Iowa. Congress has
made an appropriation for negotiations with the
Sioux for a portion of their lands, which should,
as far as practicable, be conducted on the princi-
ples laid down in the instructions given to the
commissioners appointed for that purpose last
year, and which were communicated with the an-
nual report of my predecessor. Those instruc-
tions contemplated the purchase of a large extent
of their territory, and their concentration within
■ narrower limits upon lands remote from the white
settlements and the Chippewas—objects of prima-
ry importance, in view of the general policy
already stated.
Since the treaties of 1837 and 1842 with the
Chippewas, a considerable portion of those Indians
have continued, by sufferance, to reside on the
ceded lands east of the Mississippi river, in Wis-
consin and Minnesota, where they have for some
years been brought into injurious contact with our
rapidly-advancing and increasing population in
that quarter. Having ample facilities for procuring
ardent spirits, they have become much injured and
corrupted by unrestrained indulgence in the ulse
of that accursed element of evil. To remedy this
unfortunate state of things, it was determined, at
! an early period of the present year, to have these
Indians removed northward to the country be-
longing to their tribe. Measures for this purpose
were accordingly adopted; but, in consequence of
the very late period at which the appropriation
requisite to meet the necessary expenses was
made, only a small number have as yet been re-
j moved. Their entire removal, however, will not
sufficiently relieve our citizens from annoyance
by them, as they will for some time have the dis-
position, and be near enough to return with facility
to their old haunts and hunting-grounds. Nor
will the situation of thc'Ohippewas, generally, then
be such as their well-being requires. They own
a vast extent of territory on each side of the Mis-
sissippi, over which they will be scattered, follow-
ing the chase and indulging in their vagrant habits,
I until the wild products of the country, on which
i they depend for a subsistence, are exhausted, and
they are brought to a state of destitution and want.
< Efforts should therefore be made, at as early a
period as practicable, to concentrate them within
proper limits, where, with some additional means
beyond those already provided, effective arrange-
ments could be made to introduce among them a
system of education, and the practice of agricul-
ture and the simpler mechanic arts. The best
portion of their country for this purpose is west
l of the Mississippi river; but it is not owned by the
j whole tribe in common—a considerable part of it
;! being the exclusive property of particular bands,
; who are not parties to any of our treaties, and
receive no annuities or other material aid from the
United States. This circumstance not only excites
dissatisfaction with the Government, but produces
much jealousy and bad feeling towards the rest of
the tribe, which may hereafter lead to serious diffi-
culty; and, as the game on which they mainly
depend for the means of living must soon fail them,
the Government will be under the necessity of in-
terposing to save them from starvation. A wise
forecast and the dictates of a benevolent policy
alike suggest that timely measures be taken to
avert so disastrous a result. This may easily be
done, and at a moderate expense compared with
the importance of the objects to be accomplished.
In order to enable the Department to cairy out
these views in reference to the whole Chippewa
tribe, I respectfully recommend that Congress be
asked for an appropriation at the ensuing session
to defray the expense of negotiating a joint treaty
with the different bands, for the purpose of ac-
quiring so much of their country on the east side
of the Mississippi as we may require for a long
time to come; to provide that the whole of their
! remaining lands, together with their present and
, future means, shall be the common property of
