23
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Nov. 27,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Report of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
scholars, and the benefits of a practical education
be thui more widely diffused.
The only considerable number of Indians who
have retained any portion of their original posses-
sions, and survived the perils of immediate con-
tact with a white population fast thickening  round
them, are those remaining: in the State of New
York, comprising a mere remnant of the once nu-
merous and powerful Iroquois, or " Six Nations."
After rapidly diminishing for many years, they
seem at length to have reached the lowest point in
their declining fortunes. Having been placed, by
the humane legislation of the State, in a situation
similar to that of our colonized tribes, they pre-
sent the interestin? spectacle of a once barbarous
people in a state of rapid transition to civilization
and prosperity. A striking indication of their
progress is the important change thev have made
in their civil polity. Impressed with the disadvan-
tages of their ancient and irresponsible oligarchi-
cal form of government, and its tendency to regard
their advancement, a majority succeeded, in 1848,
in effecting an entire revolution. Having formally
assembled in convention, they adopted a republi-
can constitution, and their government and affairs
are now well conducted, on principles similar to
those on which ours are administered. There are
still, however, individuals among them who, from
their connection with the old system, are opposed
to the new order of things; but, as the object of
these malcontents is to regain their lost power,
rather than to promote the public good, no encour-
agement has been given to them, either by the
State of New York or the General Government.
It is much to be regretted that no appropriation
was made at the last session of Consrress for ne-
gotiating treaties with the wild tribes of the ^reat
■western prairies. These Indians have long held
undisputed possession of this extensive region,
and, regarding it as their own, they consider them-
selves entitled to compensation, not only for the
risrht of way through their territory, but for the
great and injurious destruction of game, grass, and
timber, committed by our troops and emigrants.
Thev have hitherto been kept quiet and peaceable
by reiterated promises that the Government would
act generously towards them; and considerations
of economy, justice, and humanity require that
these promises should be promptly fulfilled. They
would, doubtless, be contented with a very mod-
erate remuneration, which should be made in
goods, stock animals,agricultural implements, and
other useful articles.
As a further measure for securing the friendship
and good conduct of these Indians, it is earnestly
recommended that a delegation of their principal
and most influential men be brought in, for the pur-
pose of visiting some of our larger cities and more
densely populated portions of country. These
delegates would thus be impressed with air idea of
the great superiority of our strength, which being
imparted to their people, would have a  powerful
and most salutary influence upon them.
Our information in regard to the Indians in Or-
egon and California is extremely limited; but the
deficiency, it is hoped, will shortly be supplied by
the agents and commissioners provided for at, the
last session of Congress. Copies of the instruc-
tions given to these officers are herewith submitted,
together with a report from General Lane, late
governor and acting superintendent of Indian af-
fairs in Ore?on, containing the latest official infor-
mation in possession of the office respecting the
Indians in that far-distant, region, and received too
late to accompany the annual report of last year.
After the three agents authorized by Congress
for the Indians in California were appointed, it
was found that no appropriation had been made
for their salaries, and the necessary expenses of
their agencies. Their functions as agents were
therefore suspended; but as there was an appro-
priation for negotiating treaties with the Indians
in th it State, they were constituted commission-
ers for that purpose. They will thus have an op-
portunity of acquiring information useful to them
as agen^, and be on the spot to enter upon their
duties in that capacity when the requisite appro-
priations shall have been made.
Commissioners have also been appointed for the
highly important purpose of negotiating treaties
with the various Indian tribes adjacent to the line
between the United States and Mexico. They
i are expected to accompany the boundary commis-
sion, and are charred with the duty of collecting
all such statistical and other information concern-
ing those Indians as may aid the Department in
adopting the proper policy and measures for their
government, and to carry out, in good faith, the
stipulations of our recent treaty with the Mexican
Republic.
The ruinous condition of our Indian affairs in
New Mexico demands the immediate attention of
Congress. In no section of the country are prompt
and efficient measures for restraining the Indians
more imperiously required than in this Territory,
where an extraordinary state of things exists,
which, so long as it continues, will be a reproach
to the Government.
There are over thirty thousand Indians within
its limits, the greater portion of whom, having
never been subjected to any salutary restraint, are
extremely wild and intractable. For many years
they have been in the constant habit of making
extensive forays, not only within the Territory
itself, but in the adjoining provinces of Mexico,
plundering and murdering the inhabitants, and
carrying off large quantities of stock, besides nu-
merous captives, whom they have subjected to
slavery, and treated with great barbarity and
cruelty. Humanity shudders in view of the hor-
rible fate of such of their female captives as pos-
sess qualities to excite their fiendish and brutal
passions. Our citizens have suffered severely from
their outrages within the last two years, of which
their attack last Pall upon Mr. White's party,
while traveling to Santa Fe, is one of many in-
stances. They murdered the whole party, nine or
| ten in number," except his wife, child, and servant,
whom they carried off. Our only Indian agent in
the Territory, who is stationed at Santa Fe, on
hearing of the lamentable occurrence, promptly
made every effort in his power to rescue the cap-
tives, and bring the Indians to punishment. The
military officers in the Territory also made com-
mendable exertions for the same purpose, but, un-
fortunately, with no other result than the discovery
of the dead body of Mrs. White, which was fount! I
I! by a military party in pursuit of some Indians \
supposed to have her in their possession. It was
evident that she had jugt been murdered, as the
body was still warm. The sad duty^of interring
the corpse was performed by the military with
'' becomin^ecency and respect. Proper efforts have
been continued to rescue the child and sen-ant, but
as yet withoutsuccess. Renewed instructions have
recently been given directing a large reward to be
offered, which, it is hoped, will lead to a favorable
result. But their atrocities and aggressions are
committed not only upon our citizens, but upon
the Pueblo Indians, an interesting semi-civilized
people, living in towns or villages called pueblos, j
whence they derive their name. Before the coun-
I try came into our possession, they were in the i
habit of repairing the injuries they sustained by >
retaliation and reprisals upon their enemies; but
from this they are nowrequired to desist; and thus
the duty is more strongly imposed upon us of af-
fording them adequate protection. Theinterference
of the Government is required also to secure them
against violations of their rights of person and
property by unprincipled white men, from whose
cupidity and lawlessness they are continually sub-
ject, to grievous annoyance and oppression.
To prevent serious disputes between these In-
dians and the white inhabitants, it is essentially
necessary that commissioners be appointed to as-
certain and define the boundaries of their lands,
which they claim to hold under grants from Spain
and Mexico, and to negotiate treaties with them
for the purpose of establishing proper relations
between them and the Government and citizens of
the United States. It is believed that by pursuing
a wise and liberal policy towards them—which
their peculiar situation indicates and invites—they
will in a few years befitted to become citizens;
and bein  industrious, moral, and exemplary in
their habits, will constitute a valuable portion of
the population of the Territory. For a brief pe- '
riod, however, they will require agents to regulate
•their intercourse and manage their relations with
the other Indians and the whites. The same com-
missioners could be charged with the further duty
of entering into the necessary conventional ar-i!
, rangements with the wild tribes of the Territory. |{
To manage these Indians properly, they also limst
have agents; and, in order to break up their prac-
tice of committing depredations and taking cap-
tives, they should be placed in situations where
a proper vigilance and control can be exercised
over them. Their forays into the Mexican terri-
tory can only be prevented by locating them at a
considerable distance from the boundary line, and
the establishing of military posts to prevent them
from crossing it. The boundaries of the country
allotted to the several tribes, respectively, should
be clearly defined, and they should not be allowed
to go beyond them without special permission.
Thus situated and restrained, a portion of them
would need the assistance of the Government until
brought to apply themselves to husbandry for
the means of subsistence, instead of depending oil
plunder and the chase. The adoption of this, or
soihe other efficient system of measures, would
involve an expense far less than the amount for
which the Government will otherwise become lia-
ble on account of the just claims of our citizens,
and those of Mexico, for spoliations committed by
these Indians; while it would obviate the serious
evils that must result from the settlement and im-
provement of the country being greatly retarded.
An obligation of the highest character rests upon
us to redeem the captives among the Indians in
New Mexico, represented to be numerous, and
liberal appropriations will have to be made for that
purpose.
For interesting and more particular information
respecting our Indian affairs in this Territory, and
especially in relation to the agency and organiza-
, tion required for their proper management, I re-
spectfully refer to the accompanying letter (No.
33) from the Hon. H. N. Smith, and the reports
from agent Calhoun.
We know but little of the Indians in Utah
beyond the fact that they are generally peaceable
in their disposition and easily controlled; but fur-
ther and full information as to their peculiar con-
dition and wants may soon be expected from the
agent recently sent among them. I therefore re-
frain for the present from making any recommend-
j ation in regard to them, except that our trade and
intercourse laws be extended over them.
j Our Indian relations in Texas remain in the
! awkward and embarrassing state set forth in the
i annual reports from this office for the last five
years, and particularly in that of my immediate
predecessor. The laws providing for the regula-
tion of trade and intercourse with the Indian
tribes are not in force in Texas: nor can they, I
apprehend, be extended there without the consent
of that State. Thus, while an unfortunate state
of things exists in Texas similar to that in New
Mexico, and requiring in general the same reme-
dial measures, we have not the power to put them
in full and complete operation. The Constitution,
it is true, gives to Congress the power to regulate
commerce with the Indian tribes; but that it can
be rightfully exercised in such manner as to pun-
ish the citizens of that State for trespassing*on
lands occupied by the Indians, or trading with
them unless licensed by the Government, is a
proposition that may well be controverted. What
is required in regard to the Indians in Texas is
full and absolute authority to assign to them a
suitable country remote from the white popula-
tion, for their exclusive occupancy and use, where
we can make our own arrangements for regulating
trade and intercourse with them, and adopt other
measures for their gradual civilization and im-
provement. With this view, I respectfully sug-
gest that a commissioner or commissioners be ap-
pointed to confer with the proper authorities of
Texas on this important subject, for the purpose
of effecting the conventional arrangements indis-
pensable to a satisfactory adjustment of our Indian
affairs in that State.
This measure, I submit, would be fully justified,
if recommended, alone by the consideration that
it would probably result m curtailing the immense
and comparatively useless expense to which the
Government is now subjected in maintaining the
large military force deemed necessary for the pro-
tection and defence of the citizens of Texas.
The arrangements adopted last year for the re-
moval of the Seminole Indians in Florida to the
country occupied by their brethren west of the
Mississippi failed of entire success; only a portion
