APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1849.]  
31st Cong 2d Sess. Report of the Commissioner of the General Land Office. Senate & Ho. of Reps.
31
suspended upon allegations of the same character,
made by counter-claimants.
Fourteen hundred caveats have been filed in this
office by individuals contesting the issue of patents
to the assignees, chiefly on die ground that the
assignments are false and counterfeit, or, in fact,
executed prior to the issue of the warrants, and
the dates subsequently inserted.
The decision of these suspended and caveated
cases imposes much labor and patient investiga-
tion upon this office. In cases where there is great
conflict of evidence, the parties are referred to the
judicial tribunals to decide the controversy by bill
in chancery or otherwise.
It would have been far better if these warrants
had not been made assignable, and that the patent
should, in all cases, have issued to the soldier,
dead or living, and inured to the benefit of his
heirs or assignees. The courts of justice would
be open to all persons claiming by, through, or
under the soldier, to assert their titles, where they,
could have the benefit of a fair trial and a careful
investigation of all the facts.
Much embarrassment has also been experienced
in closing the grants made to the States for in-
ternal improvements by the act of 4th September,
1841, ana by other similar grants made to par-
ticular States by special acts of Congress,
titles
l.r.vs
from an early period of our national existence for ^ preliminary to the issuing of new grants, or
the survey and sale of the " public lands " of the [ for confirmed claims, in accordance with the
United States, Congress anticipated the necessity, I of our own Government; and, in the preparation
and accordingly then commenced making provis- I of patents there is necessarily brought jn review
ion by law for the recognition and adjustment of the whole previous history of each claim, from its
titles which had been derived from foreign Govern
men ts.
It was the policy of Great Britain, France, and
Spain, in the management of their colonial affairs,
to exercise, upon a most extensive scale, the power
of granting away the royal domain, in many in-
stances in immense bodies, but generally in mod-
erate quantities, to promote and advance the set-
tlement of the country.
In this way millions upon millions of acres, in
the aggregate, have been conceded to individuals,
and to that extent the public lands were encum-
bered when the United States acquired title to the
same in virtue of different treaties.
By the laws of nations and terms of the treaties
of cession, it became incumbent upon us to recog-
nize and respect all bona fide grants of this charac-
ter, and in regard to them, to carry into full effect,
and in a liberal and just spirit, the intentions of
our predecessors in sovereignty.
The various classes of titles of this description, cases, the recommendation in previous reports,
which have been designated and are now known that power by law be conferred on the Depart-
as " Private Land Claims," have been the subject!; ment to locate any such claims by sectional limits,
of successive general and special legislative enact- j or according to the lines of the public surveys,
■ -  1 *- giving the claimant a right to a review, and modi-
fication of location, if application and a proper
inception to its confirmation and survey, and a
recital or reference to all the material points in its
history is made in such patents.
These embrace claims of all denominations and
extent, from town lots, often of great value, and
frequently in conflict with each other, to claims of
immense area, as in the " Forbes Purchase," in
Florida, known as the case of Colin Mitchell and
others vs. the United States, the record of which
alone, as submitted to the Supreme Court, covers-
a printed volume of seven hundred and thirty-six
pages.
Cases have arisen5 and may hereafter occur, in
regard to confirmed settlement rights, and claims
founded on ancient written title, in which it is
sometimes difficult, if not impossible, for the Uni-
ted States surveyors to determine with certainty,
in the field,,the place of theoriginal improvement,
or of actual grant.
I therefore renew, in relation to this class of
statement,
Showing the condition of the State selections under the act
of 4tk September, 1841, on the 30th day of June, 1850.
States.
isssgi. _
Spiffs
SJT! " S-1
CSfsss
LSii. -si
j «s «. £
IjR
-u
c v © "0*0
"s-sgi
s > «
Hi
3
SI
The following table exhibits the present condi- „ _
tion «f the grant made by the act of 4th Septem- ments, through a long series of years, reaching to
ber 1841 to wit: the last session of Congress inclusive, and now
' * of themselves constitute a complete system.
They have been adjudicated from time to time
through the instrumentality of boards of commis-
sioners, of the recorders of land titles of the United
States district and territorial courts, and by the
Supreme Court of the United States on appeal.
In the investigation and adjustment of these titles,
a thorough inquiry became necessary into the pro-
vincial laws, usages, and customs of the British,
French, and Spanish Governments, into the nature
and extent of the power of the granting officers j i
and their subordinates, such as governors general, I
intendents general, lieutenant-governors, or sub-
j delegates, military commandants and surveyors;
i and in the examination of this class of titles, nu-
j merous intricate and interesting questions have
1 arisen before the courts of the United States, and
, have been judicially decided, some of grave mo-
ment, involving high interests, both national and
individual. .
This system then, rests upon the laws, usages,
and customs, in granting and surveying, of the
Thus itwiU be perceived that the grants made sovereignties alluded to—upon numerous general
by this act have been nearly closed in several of and special laws of the United States—upon Ae-
the States, and special efforts are now making to cisions of boards of commissioners and other offi-
complete those in all the other States. In some, cers, upon the decisions and decrees ofthe inferior
Illinois   209,085.50
Missouri  500,000.00
Alabama  97,469.17
Mississippi  500,000.00
| Louisiana I 500,000.00
sMichigan500,000.00
'Arkansas | 500,000.00
Florida ! 499,990.09
Iowa .*  500,000.00
Wisconsin  360,364.01
Aggregates....( 4,166,908.77
208,980.05
499,317.62
none.
498,835.53
355.870.41
494,513.43
499,889.03
45,567.94
172,394.86
385.648.42
105.45 |
68-2.38
97,469.17
1,164.47
144,129.59
5,486.57
110.97
454,42-2.15
327,605.14
74,715.59
3,061,017.29 11,105,891.48
particularly in Florida, this consummation has judicial tribunals, and of the Supreme Court of the
been prevented by the difficulty in completing1 the United States.
location of " private claims," as it was impossi-
ble, in many portions of the country in which se-
lections have been made by the State, to distin-
guish public from private lands, till those claims
were located, and, of course, until that time no
definite action could be had in the " State selec-
tions." A like difficulty has been experienced in
bringing the business connected with claims in
Florida, under the " armed occupation act," to a
termination. As most of the "private claims "
have been located, as already mentioned, the
" State selections " and cases arising under the
" armed occupation act" will be disposed of as
rapidly as possible.
The several grants to the State of Indiana for
the construction of the Wabash and Erie Canal,
amounting to about one million four hundred
thousand acres, have all been selected, the lands
certified to the State, and closed upon the books of '
this office. The same may be said respecting the
grant to Wisconsin for the improvement of the
Wisconsin and Fox rivers, and the connection of
those streams by a canal, made by the act of 8th
August, 1846, except that portion west of Fox
river, within the recent cession by the Menomo-
nies, which has not yet been surveyed. An intri- i
cate and laborious branch of our land, operations |
is that charged with the examination and prepara- i
tion of grants for claims to land resting upon tj- j
tlbs derived prom foreign governments, and
donations of lands under laws of the unvted
States, connected with which is the issuing of i
patents for Indian Reservations. In legislating J
In advancing and gradually extending our sur-
veys of the Public-Lands, in order to sell and dis-
pose of the same in conformity to the will of Con-
gress, this private land claim system has necessa-
rily been invoked, and has cooperated in severing
and setting apart from the national domain, and
in perfecting the evidence of titles to private indi-
viduals in cases which have, been sanctioned or
confirmed.
Hence, wherever the ancient landmarks can be
identified, they are traced out and the old meas-
urements or localities are ascertained and reestab-
showing be made within one year after the official
designation of the land; and providing further,
that such designation shall be final if application
for revision be not made within the period stipu-
lated.
I deem it my duty again respectfully to invite the
attention of Congress to the condition of certain
private land titles, particularly referred to in the
last annual communication from this office, in
which suits had been instituted against the United
States to obtain confirmation under the act of Con-
fress, approved 17th June, 1844, decrees of con-
rmation obtained in the court below, an appeal
I prayed to the Supreme Court of the United States,
i and there dismissed on the ground that the appeal
had not been taken in the manner and within the
period required by law.
It has therefore been contended that, in virtue of
this last proceeding, the decree of the court below
became final, and the confirmations consequently
absolute.
As it was obviously the intention of Congress,
by the act of 26th May, 1824, which was revived
and extended by the said act of 17th June, 1844,_
that cases of the magnitude of those alluded to
should be determined by the highest judicial tribu-
nal upon their merits, the subject is now brought
to the notice of Congress for consideration, and
for such proceedings in the way of legislation as
i their wisdom may suggest.
Among the most important matters that will
doubtless engage the attention of Congress, in
connection with the extension of the land system
over our newly-acquired territory, will be that of
making provision by law for the prompt adjudica-
tion, settlement, and separation from the public
land of all valid foreign titles, which should be
respected and recognized under treaty.
The first requiring attention are those in Oregon
and California. In the former, the claims, it is
lished, and, in their original irregular forms, are presumed, are comparatively limited in number,
  1 « - 1 VT • , 1 f( 1 .    1 ^ 1- _ _ A M ♦ U <~  ^ l,  . *T1 Alt / n ^ ^ I1"! f I* AO f tr I
incorporated into the United States surveys in
such a manner as to show their various locations,
limits, and precise positions on our township
plats, in connection with the contiguous public
surveys.
The want of a system in the Government that
which come within the purview of the treaty of
5th August, 1846, between the United States and
Great Britain, and the rights which our Govern-
ment by treaty has agreed to respect, may, it is
suggested, be discriminated, and settled by the
joint action and cooperation of the surveyor gen-
preceded us, by which the granting power could ,l eral and the register and receiver, acting as a
determine, in advance, whether their concession i Board of Commissioners, whose jurisdiction should
would conflict with their previous grants, has led extend to all cases contemplated by the treaty, ex-
to numerous conflicts of title; and although the cept such as may have been^ provided for by the
terms of the original grants generally stipulated act of Congress, approved 27th September, 1850,
that they were made-on the condition that they , to create the office of surveyor.general of the pub-
should not prejudice the rights of others, yet those lie lands in Oregon, and to provide for the survey,
stipulations have not relieved us from the difficul- | and to make donations to settlers. The decision
ties and labor inseparable from the adjustment of of those officers should be subject to the final de-
conflicting limits. ' ] termination of the appellate authority , as herein-
To this'branch of the service is assigned the after suggested respecting the adjudication of claims
duty of seeing that all such conflicts are properly in the State of California.
determined, so far as executive action is concerned. In that State the claims are much more numer-
The settling of such cases is an indispensable ous, and are of a very different character from
