1850.)
APPENDIX'TO THE OUNGRKSSIOIVAL GU>Bfc.
33
31st Cong 2d Sess. Report of the Commissioner of the General Land Office. Prick $1 50 fob this Session.
that purpose. Earlier action could not be had, for
the reason that the notice of the sale requisite un- I
der the law, before the lands can be offered, if |
given this Fall, would have brought the sales into
the middle of Winter, when bidders would have
been prevented from attending in consequence of :
the severity of the weather.
The ordering of these lailds into market will of
course finally close the employment of mineral
agents in those regions.
The appropriations for surveying and marking
the northern boundary of Iowa and the eastern
boundary of Minnesota were made too late in the
aeason for the service to be performed the past
Fall. AU the necessary instructions have been
prepared, and the work will be completed early
next season.
Under the act of 3d August, 1846, for the settle-
ment of suspended entries, many suspensions
which had long embarrassed the operations of this
office, and given rise to much correspondence, were
finally disposed of, the interests of the Government
thereby subserved, and great relief extended to
purchasers.
Several cases equally meritorious with those
which were released were, however, not acted on,
for various causes, most of which were beyond
the control of this office. Others of equal merit
have since arisen, and, in consideration of these
facts, I recommend the revival of that act, for a
period of two years, which, it is presumed, will
be amply sufficient for the purpose.
I renew the recommendation, made in my last
report, that the duty of selling "reserved lands "
be devolved on this office, where the reservation j
of those lands may no longer be required for mili- j
tary or other public uses, and that this office be i
clothed with all the authority of the surveyors
general for the lands in the States where their offi- I
ees have been or may be abolished under the act
of 12th June, 1840.
The experience on the subject, since that report,
lias fully sustained the expediency and necessity
of these measures, and the reasons then given for
the adoption of them, to which 1 respectfully refer.
The manner of disposing of the public lands in
California, New.Mexico, and Utah, has attracted
much attention, and various plans have been sug-
gested as the most judicious for this purpose, espe-
cially in reference to the valuable mineral lands in
those regions. In view of the peculiar topographi-
cal features of the country, and the value of the
mineral lands in California, it has been supposed
by many that the leasing system would conduce
most to the interests of the Government and the
people, so far as those mineral lands are concerned,
and a bill to establish such a system in that State
has been introduced in the Senate.
It is not a matter of surprise that these opinions
should be entertained by all who have not realized
the results of this system. The same views were
held successively of the lead mines of Missouri
and Illinois, and of the lead and copper mines of
Arkansas, Northern Michigan, and Wisconsin.
As an -additional reason, however, for the adop-
tion of this system in California, it is alleged that
the soil in many of the placers is utterly valueless,
except for the mineral found therein, and that,
when that mineral is exhausted, the land is worth
nothing. When the history of the past with ref-
erence to this question is considered, it will be
found that there are few, if any, points of differ-
ence; that like causes have produced like effects in I
all these States, and that the same results will
probably be experienced on the Pacific if the leas-
ing system is introduced there.
From the beginning the Government has mani-
fested a desire to retain an interest'in lands con-
taining valuable minerals. This is a natural feel-
ing in those who, dazzled by the supposed value
of the treasure, patriotically desire the Govern- j
dent should share in it. When experience, how-
ever, shows that the cost of obtaining this share 1
by the leasing; system exceeds the benefit derived |
from it, and is attended by a long train of serious i
evils, that system should at once be abandoned. I
The first action on the part of the Government
in relation to this subject was the ordinance of
13th April, 1785, by which one third part of all
gold, silver, lead, and copper mines was reserved
the United States. Here, it will be perceived, that j
it was not proposed to reserve or lease the land; :
New Series—No. 3.
the genius and spirit of the people would not have
tolerated that system of vassalage. This ordi-
nance provided that the lands should be sold, but
that, in accordance with a usage then in force in
Europe, a portion of the produces of the valuable
mines therein should remain to the sovereignty.
The next was the joint resolution of the 16th
April, 1800, directing the employment of an agent
to collect information relative to the copper mines
of Lake Superior.
A report was mad'e in accordance with this reso-
lution, but no further action was had in relation
to these mines till after the treaty with the Chippe-
was of the 4th October, 1842, by which that coun-
try was acquired.
The third were the acts of 3d March, 1807, au-
thorizing the President to lease the lead mines in
the Indiana territory.
Under these laws the leasing system was adopted.
Of the early operations of it we have but little in-
formation, as the mineral lands were placed under
the control of the War Department in 1821, and
prior to that time there was but little if anything
done in it.
The first official information I have found is con-
tained in the report of the Secretary of War of the
16th February, 1843, in which it is stated that the
whole amount of rent lead, received by the Gov-
ernment in 1841, and 1842, was 74,924 pounds,
worth about $1,600—a sum that would not more
than pay the annual salary of one (if the superin-
tendents employed in the service. By a subse-
quent report from the War Department, it was
shown that the rent received in 1843, and 1844,
amounted to 242,814 pounds of lead, wortfe about
$4,856, while the amount expended on account of
mineral lands by-the Government, including sala-
ries of officers, &c., during the same period, was
$20,729, making an actualloss to the Government
by the operation, of (15,873. If to this be added
the amount that would have been realized from
these lands if they had been sold at the ordinary
minimum of $1 25 per acre, and the expenses,
costs, &c., that grew out of the vast number of
suits instituted by the United States to recover
rent due by defaulting lessees, to vacate fraudu-
lent entries, &c., it would amount to a sum in
comparison to which the loss above mentioned
would be insignificant. Subsequently, in conse-
quence of active measures having been taken by
the district attorney for that purpose, a greater
amount of rent was received, but without any
abatement of the attendant evils. So fully was
Congress satisfied of the inexpediency of this
system with reference to reverue, and of the act-
ual losses that the Government had sustained
from it, that on the 3d March, 1829, an act
was passed authorizing the President of the United
States to cause the valuable lead mines reserved
in the State of Missouri to be exposed to public
sale, subject to the ordinary minimum. This was
followed by the act of 11th July, 1846, directing
the mineral lands of Illinois, Southern Wisconsin,
and Iowa, to be sold; by the acts of 1st and 3d
March, 1847, directing the sale of the valuable
copper mines of Lake Superior, &c., and finally,
by the act of 26th September, 1850, reducing their
minimum price to that of ordinary public lands.
Thus it is seen that the whole of the leasing sys-
tem, and the reservation of the mineral lands on
account of their supposed value, after the expe-
rience of nearly fifty years, have been finally abol-
ished in some of the richest mineral regions on the
face of the earth, and that, so far as exhibits have
been made, it is shown to have been a loss to the
Government—directly to a considerable sum, and
indirectly to a vastly greater amount.
It may be well to consider, also, the effects of
this system upon the morals of the community in
which it existed.
Having only a temporary connection with the
soil, and that of a character calculated to stimulate
every effort for their own pecuniary advantage, the
lessees had no inducement to aid in sustaining the
laws, or encouraging a proper moral tone in the
community. Success in mining operations se-
cured wealth, failure produced poverty, want, and
their attendant evils. These mutations begot a
spirit of wild speculating hazard, which in many
cases was carried out to the fullest extent, and as-
sisted in corrupting the moral sense and feelings of
many in the community. The Government was
regarded as a rich landed monopolist, that had no
feeling in unison with the interest of the tenant,
but was rather striving to strip himof apart of the
earnings of his toil and privations. Hence arose a
feeling of resistance to the Government and laws,
and a disposition to evade these laws and the obli-
gations of contracts by every possible expedient.
Conscious of this kind of vassalage, the miners
learned to look upon their Government with feel-
ings of dissatisfaction and ill-will, and to manifest
those sentiments in bitter complaints and remon-
strances. This constant warring for wealth,
stimulated also feelings of cupidity, which were
increased by consciousness of oppression, and in-
duced the miners not only to avoid, whenever-
practicable, the payment of tribute or rents, but
also to encroach upon the rights of each other.
Unceasing litigation was the consequence be-
tween the Government and miners, and among the
miners themselves, either for the collection of rents
or to remedy some real or supposed wrong. The
familiarity with vice, thus induced, by a natural
transition extended to individual and social rela-
tions, the whole producing a state of society that
could only be realized by personal observation, but
which was well known to exist to a greater or less
extent in all the mining districts where the leasing
system was in force.
Communities were kept in unceasing turmoil,
ferment, litigation, and bloodshed by this odious
system, and that these evils were thus caused is
evident from the fact that after the abrogation of
that system the same communities are as orderly,
peaceful, and law-abiding as any people in the
world.
The leasing system was the cause of much ir-
ritation, jealousy, and complaint on the part of the
States within whose jurisdiction it was practiced.
They justly complained that they were crippled in
their resources by being restricted in the power of
taxation; that the General Government, instead of
selling the land retained the fee, and stood in the
attitude of a powerful and opulent landlord, hold-
ing a large portion of the population in an abject
and servile state of tenancy, destroying all induce-
ments to cultivation, or the making of permanent
improvements or settlements upon the land, until
Congress, seeing the accumulated evils and perni-
cious consequences, abolished, as before stated,
the whole system.
It may be argued that in regions containing the
precious metals, and where the lands in many
cases aside from the minerals, are valueless, the
same results would not be experienced; that it
would be an unjustifiable disregard of the public
interest to sell for any ordinary price a tract of
land containing a rich gold or quicksilver mine,
while it would be equally unjust to individuals to
charge them such price for lands that should prove
wholly worthless.
The answer is, that this state of things existed
in the Lake Superior regions, with this difference,
that here the mineral is copper, while on the Pa-
cific it is gold, &c. The lands, however, in both
regions, aside from the minerals, are equally value-
less; yet those who were engaged in the Lake
Superior operations, cheerfully purchased large
bodies of worthless land, extending even to three
miles square, at high rates, for the purpose of se-
curing a good mining location; and the fact that
the mineral on the Paeifie is the more valuable,
will only have a tendency to cause the greater
efforts to defeat the Government in the collection
of the tribute.
The further allegation may be made, that in the
Lake Superior region, mining could only be car-
ried on profitably by companies, and at a very
heavy outlay of capital and labor ?
By recent advices from California it appears
that individual mining is declining, and that the
mineral wealth of that country can only be suc-
cessfully developed by combinations of capital
and labor.
Further: from these advifees I am inclined to
think that those engaged in the mining operations
there do not probably realize as much as the same
number employed in agricultural or other branches
of industry in that or other sections of our Union;
and that but comparatively few of the many thus
engaged acquire more than sufficient to pay their
expenses, or to enable them to return to the old
Statei.
