1850.)
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB£.
35
3 1st Cong 2d Sess.
Soldiers' Land Warrants—Mr. Wentwortk.
Ho. o* Reps.
lutd not deigned to favor him with further instruc-
tions, nor, indeed, with a solitary communication
upon any subject whatever.
The Legislature, as before remarked, was con-
vened early in July. It being the first session,
and a large amount of business necessarily before
it, it did not adjourn until October. During all this
time Governor Lane was compelled to be at the
seat of Government, ready to aid and cooperate with
the Legislature in its action. And yet, sir, as
early as the 22d of that month, he had prepared
his report, giving a detailed account of the names
and numbers; the number of warriors and general
character; the mode of life and subsistence, and
the disposition towards the whites, whether pacific
or hostile, of some sixty tribes and bands of In-
dians, inhabiting that extensive territory. This
report was duly received at the Department, and,
as I have already said, no complaint has been made
as to its character or sufficiency. Nor does it ap-
pear that any particular benefit would have re-
sulted from its earlier preparation, even had that
been possible.
Mr. President, I referred on a former occasion
to the fact that General Lane's successor—Major
Gaines—with his family, were favored by the late
Cabinet with a passage to Oregon in a Govern-
ment vessel, and at the public expense. I have
since ascertained, on inquiry, that, although it is
now more than one year since his appointment,
yet he, even he, has not yet made his report as
■Superintendent'of Indian Affairs, with all the ad-
vantage of his-predecessor's labor to aid him.
And now, in the face of this array of facts and
dates, the ground is taken that General Lane was
removed on account of-"a very long delay" in
making his report!
Mr. EWING. Mr. President, I did not say
so. I did not say it was because he delayed in
in making his report. What I said was, that he
had delayed in making a report as Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, and that there were complaints j
from the Territory. I did not say anything about
liia removal farther than that.
Mr. "WHFTCOMB. I would like the honora-
ble Senator from Ohio to inform me why he men- ]
tioned that fact, unless it had a bearing upon the I
subject of his removal ?
Mr. EWING. That case was cited as one of
the removals in which there was no complaint I
against the individual. I said there was com-
plaint; and to the inquiry of the honoraale Senator
from Michigan, [Mr. Cass] who inquired whether,
if he had been a Whig, he would have been re-
moved, I did not reply. I did in the other case j
distinctly, but not as to General Lane. j
Mr. WHITCOMB. Mr. President, if I have |
mistaken the meaning of the Senator from Ohio, j
he ought to be obliged to me for giving him an op-
portunity for explanation, for Senators near me
understood him as I did. The Senator from Iowa
[Mr. Dodge] had directly charged that General
Lane and Colonel Weller had been "stripped of :
their commissions for bo other offence than their :
political opinions." On referring to the reply of l!
the Senator from Ohio, as published in the reported ■ 1
debates, he is represented as saying, "The Sena- !'
* tor also refers to two cases of removals, General
* Lane, Governor of Oregon, and Colonel Weller, '
* of the boundary commission; and speaks of
* these as cases of naked proscription. In this he 1
' is incorrect. As to Governor Lane, no report j
' ' was made by him to the Department for a very | f
•long time after his appointment. Great com- j
«plaints were made against him from the Territory ! I
' of Oregon, and from more authentic and reliable ;
* sources, which the Executive ought to respect.
' There were, therefore, reasons for his removal, as
' well official as political."
How, Mr. President, I understood the Senator, if
by these remarks, as denying that General Lane i
had been removed for his political opinions only 
as denying that his case was one of " naked pro-
scription ' —as asserting that he had been removed 1
for official as well as political reasons; and, as '|
proof of this statement, that he went on to enu- I
merate what he charged as the real causes of his |
removal. The very first one assigned was the al- i
leged delay in making his report to the Depart- |
ment. If this charge was not introduced as a I
reason for removal, for what purpose, I repeat, was l!
it introduced? In my reply to the Senator on the jj
same day, I repeatedly and expressly gave the
same meaning to his remarks which I have now
done, and which he then let pass without correc-
tion, and I submit, therefore, whether by that
omission he is not justly chargeable with what he '
now regards as my present misapprehension?
However, I understand the Senator now to con- !
cede that, although complaints were made against
General Lane, he was not removed on that ac-
count, and consequently that he would have been
removed, (" proscribed" I believe was once the
term,) however unexceptionable his conduct, pub-
lic and private, might have been, and merely on j
account of his political opinions. I thank him for
the explanation, late though it be. Had this
course of policy been earlr avowed by the Sen- J
ator and his associates in the late Cabinet, as ap-
plicable to removals generally, the resolution now ,
before us, I will venture to say, would not have i
been introduced, and the Senate would have been
spared its discussion. Gentlemen ought to be ]
satisfied to take the offices, without seeking to de- '
prive the late incumbents of their character also.
Speaking of my own State, I am satisfied that such
an imputation was not merited by a single removed
officer within its limits, and every one, I believe, hag !
been removed, whose position was of value enough
to excite the cupidity of a neighbor. But I do not '
now propose, however strong the inducement, to |
speak on that subject. I might, indeed, close here, 1
were it not that the Senator from Ohio has stated
that "great co inplaints were made against General
Lane from the Territory of Oregon," although it
now seems, by the explanation of the Senator, that
they were not sufficient, even in his estimation, to |
justify his removal from office. The Senator has I
not thought proper to enlighten us as to the nature j
of these complaints, nor to give us the names of ,
the authors. Nor is it pretended that the late Cab- I
inet ever "allowed General Lane an opportunity of I
knowing, much less of defending himself against |
them. Now, sir, I venture to say that no charge
derogatory to his character would have been pub-
licly made, for reasons that none could have been
truthfully made in Oregon, where General Lane
was known. In every point of view they are now
to be regarded as nothing but anonymous attacks,
without point or specification, and consequently
susceptible only of negative proof. But even that
proof is at hand, and of a most triumphant character.
It will be appended as a fitting conclusion to my
published remarks, and consists of sundry resolu-
tions passed by the Territorial Legislature, highly
commendatory of the conduct ana policy of Gen-
eral Lane, as Governor of the Territory, as Su-
perintendent of Indian Affairs, and as to the purity
of his private life. These resolutions were passed
as late as the 18th of May last, after his removal
from office, when he had again mingled among his
fellow-citizens as a priVate individual, and with-
out official favor or patronage to bestow. They
were a voluntary tribute of regard to a retiring of-
ficer, who had just relinquished the power and
influence of office to his successor, by whose ap- i
pointment he had been supplanted. They were !
passed too, I believe, unanimously, (and of course ;
without distinction of party,) and yet the third |
resolution significantly expresses the sincere regret j
of the Assembly that the President of the United |
States had deprived the people of Oregon of the
future services of one so eminently useful, and
who enjoyed the "unbounded confidence of the !
people over whom he was placed." I
Mr. President, I have done. I did not design,
nor is~it necessary, to pass an encomium on the 1
character of General Lane. A simple narrative
of his life would constitute his best eulogy, the :
leading events of which are already embalmed
in the grateful recollections of his countrymen.
There he stands, the architect of his own fame and
fortunes, far above the reach of calumny. The
shafts of defamation fall harmless at his feet, and
the meditated mischief will only serve to rally
around him the sympathies of a just and grateful '
people.
Be it resolved by the Legislative Assembly of the Terri-
tory of Oregon, That the course of General Joseph Lane,
as Superintendent of Indian Affairs, meets with our fullest
approbation, and that his extraordinary energy in that de-
partment merits the thanks of the people of Oregon. That
the just policy, coupled with the great firmness he has exer- <
cised toward the numerous Indian tribes within the Terri- .
tory, have secured the most peaoeful relations with them, r
and that few could have accomplished so successfully what
his kindness, integrity, and firmness have done to secure
the bonds of a lasting peace with the tribes surrounding us.
Resolved, That in the discharge of his executive duties
as Governor of Oregon, he has uniformly acted with a view
to the best interests of the whole people, and that his de-
meanor in office has afforded no ground of just complaint,
but on the contrary lias been such as to meet the best ex-
pectations and warmest wishes of the people.
Resoitxd, That they regret sincerely that the President
of the United States has deprived the Territory of Oregon
of the future services of one so eminently useful, and whose
usefulness was enhanced by the unbounded confidence of
the p-ople over whom he was placed.
Resolved, That the conduct of General Lane in his pri-
vate life has been such as to secure the warmest friendship
of the people, and the purity of his private relations has not
been less than his energy has been great in the discharge of
bis official duties. A. L. LOVEJOY, Speaker.
SAM. PARKER, President.
Passed 18th May, 1850.
SOLDIERS' LAND WARRANTS.
REMARKS OP HON. J. WENTWORTH,
ok illinois,
In the Hocse op Representatives,
Monday, December 16, 1850,
In Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, upon the ri^ht of soldiers to assign the
land warrants issued under the law of Septem-
ber, 1850.
It is the same to the General Government whe-
ther the warrants are made assignable or not. In
either event, the Government loses the land. After
the warrant issues, the soldier is the sole party in
interest, and the only question for Congress to con-
sider is, whether the interest of the soldier will be
best promoted by possessing the right of assign-
ment. Where the soldier wishes to occupy the
land himself, the right of assignment would be of
no value. And, where the soldier lives in some of
the newest of our States, or in one of the Terri-
tories, where there is an abundance of good land
yet unsold, the right to assign the warrant would
be but of small importance, since the trouble of
selling the land would be but little beyond that of
making the assignment. But soldiers are scattered
all over the United States, thousands of miles dis-
tant from the public domain, and many of them
have not the means of getting where it is. Be-
sides, it would be more than the land warrant is
worth to go there from many points where the sol-
diers now live. Many of the soldiers have neither
friends nor acquaintances whom they could trust
to locate their warrants for them. They would
have to pay heavy fees to agents for locating, and
then they would not know whether the agents had
made a good selection for them or not. But the
land-, when selected, would be of small value to
them, as they would need money more than the
land. They might keep it a few years, but then
there would be the annual taxes and the fees to the
agents whom they would have to employ to pay
their taxes for them. Sooner or later, they would
have to sell the land which they had entered in
darkness, and would have to sell in darkness; and
in the end their warrants would bring them scarce
enough to pay them for their expense and trouble.
And this is called a bounty to an old war-worn
soldier!
If, then, neither the Government nor the soldier
is benefited by preventing the assignment, why is
the assignment so strenuously resisted ? I will give,
first, the pretended, and, second, the real reason. It
is known that there are a class of men belonging
to both the political parties, in this country, who
are usually called land reformers, and who believe
that every man should have a tract of land, pro-
vided he will only live upon and cultivate the
same. My votes in this body, ever since I have
been a member of it, wiH show that I have always
favored such a measure. Every landless citizen
of the United States, soldier or not, shall have a
farm, so long as he will live upon and cultivate it,
if my vote will only give it to him. It is to myself,
and to such as myself upon the land reform ques-
tion, that appeals nave been made to stop the sale of
these warrants and provide the old soldier a home.
Yes, we are asked, upon our land reform princi-
ples, to compel the old, decrepit, and, perhaps,
penniless soldiers, or (what is worse) their widows,
to leave their present homes and friends, to travel
hundreds, and perhaps thousands of miles, and to
undergo all the severities incident to new countries
