36
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Dec. '26,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Land Titles in Oregon City—Mr. Thurston.
Ho. of Reps.
and new climates, or else lose their bounties.
And who ask this? None other than brokers!
Whatonaiiomaly! brokers turned land reformers!
But it is verily so, as many members of this House
can testify. When the bill was before this House
at first, every avenue to it was filled with brokers,
not only from this, but from all the other large
cities in the United States. At first, they were
very zealous for the credit of the United States,
and contended that the proceeds of the public lands
"were pledged for the purpose of paying our national
debt. Again, they feared there would be a deficit
in the ordinary revenue of the Government. But
after they saw, from various test votes in the House,
that the bill was certain to pass in some shape,
they abandoned their opposition to the passage of
the bill, made no further allusion to their hereto-
fore weighty objections, and all turned land re-
formers. There were but very few man in either
branch of Congress who made any pretension to
being land reformers, that were not called upon
by some broker and urged to labor against making
the warrants assignable. But these brokers had
no influence upon a majority of the House, who
understood fully the depth of their attachment
to land reform. In the Senate, however, where
there was a very strong and almost successful op-
position to the bill, they had better luck. The bill
came back to the House with a great many amend-
ments to it, and all intended to embarrass it. It
is claimed that, in the contest between the two
Houses, t he brokers succeeded, and the assignment
was prohibited: but, if so, there must have been i
some providential interference in behalf of the sol- !
diers, as no such prohibition appears in the law. j
I have said that land reform—a desire to make the i
soldiers and their widows five upon the land taken
up by their warrant—was th e pretended reason for
all the opposition to the assignment of these land
warrants. But I will now give the real one. Ef-
forts have been made to monopolize the sale of the
warrants issued to the soldiers of the Mexican
war. T/iey were bought up by the brokers at
prices varying from $100 to #125. These war-
rants were fast rising in their hands, and would '
soon have been at very near par value. Hundreds
of thousands of dollars were invested in them by
brokers in this city, and by brokers in other cities,
who werp either liere themselves or had agents
here whilst the law was pending. They foresaw
that a new issue of warrants would not only blast
all their prospects of gain, but would also be of
SPriouii injury to, if not actually ruin them. And
hence they made their first efforts against the bill.
1 hey struck at the poor and decrepit soldiers and
their widows for their own aggrandizement. A
rich and selfish few banded against those who had j
periled their all for the honor of their country.
Seeing that all efforts to defeat the law would be
futile, thoy had no other recourse than to become
nominal land reformers. Yes, sir, strange as it
may seem, all the speculators in land warrants,
and every one of their agents or attorneys in this
city, J eft their business and came up to the Capi-
tol to preach land reform to members of Congress.
And never did I know men to entreat more feel- ,
ingly. W c ''oulcl see the tears of compassion for ■
the old soldiers in their eyes. They declared that
the interest of the soldiers required that the war- |
rants should not be assignable; that the old sol- '
dier ought to have a home, and that he would have
one if he could not sell his warrant. The object
of all this was to make a discrimination adversely
to the new warrants, which would be fatal to their
competing with the old o.ies in the market. ;
The next best thiiig for the brokers to the de- i
feat of the bill, was the prevention of the transfer
of the warrant. They had bought up nearly all :
the warrants issued to the soldiers in the Mexican
wnr at about half nrice, and hoped to get par
value for them by depreciating the value of the
warrants granted to the soldiers in the last war
with Great Britain. And they flattered them-
selves that they had succeeded, and were rejoicing
over their thousands of dollars made by this op-
pression of the old soldiers, their widows and or-
phans, when the publication of the law on Mon-
i ay morning 0f the last day of the session greatly
nlarmed them. The brokers did not find their
avoute land reform clause in the bill. Itwa lot
♦ hftrnV ' lf 11 fH-cr been, in some way '
ieen a providential accident in furor of i
old soldiers. The brokerR made a rush to the
Capitol. This House had but a few minutes to
sit, yet a supplemental bill was brought up to ef-
fect the purpose of the brokers. Never shall I
forget the scene in this Hall at that time. Look
which way you would, you saw holders of the
first issue of land warrants preaching land reform;
arguing the necessity of making the soldiers live
upon the land, and pegging for the passage of a
supplemental bill, prohibiting the transfer of the
warrants. It will be remembered, sir, that I then
raised a question of privilege. I called upon the
Doorkeeper, and other officers of the House, to
enforce the rules of the House. I publicly told
you, sir, that there were speculators in land war-
rats inside the bar of the House, who had no ri^ht
to be here—who were here to help pass the pend-
ing bill—who were here to aid in depreciating the
warrants to be issued under the law just passed.
But, in spite of their very powerful personal exer-
tions, this House adjourned without any action
upon the supplemental bill of the brokers and
speculators, and I thought the triumph of the sol-
diers was complete.
The speculators, however, took an appeal from
the law of the land to the Secretary of the Interior.
All at once their minds had undergone a very im-
portant change as to the meaning of the original
law-. They who, but a few minutes before, were
inside of this Hall contending that the warrants
were assignable, and that a supplemental law was
necessary to prohibit their assignment, contended
i, to the Secretary of the Interior that the law was
so indefinite that warrants could be assignable or
I not, just as he should see fit to interpret it. To
| him they told the strange story that there had been
some mistake in the law of the land; that the bill
• as passed prohibited the assignment, and by some
accident this clause in the bill' had been omitted.
And, strange to say, the Secretary of the Interior,
holding an office under nn Administration which is
the result of an accident, would not give the pa-
triotic soldiers of this country the advantage of an
accident, even if it were an accident, which is a
1 disputed point. There is just as good reason for
saying that Mr. Fillmore is not President of the
United States, and therefore the present Secretary
of the Interior has no right to his office, as there
is for saying that the warrants are not assignable
because the clerk made a mistake in engrossing
the bill. If accidents are good in one case, they
are in the other. As signed by Mr. Fillmore,
and as printed among the laws of the land, and as
enrolled and filed in the Secretary of State's office,
the warrants are assignable. But, if the Secretary
is to be influenced by considerations beyond the
plain reading of the law, he should be by the fact that
the opponents of the right to assign did not believe
the prohibition in the law, and therefore got up a
supplemental bill, which failed. In other words,
the defeat of the supplemental bill should be con-
strued as additional evidence that Congress did
want the warrants assignable.
In my opinion, the late law makes the warrants
as clearly assignable as the law providing for the
, issue of warrants to the soldiers of the Mexican
war. Yet additional legislation may be required
because no soldier will feel able to fight the bro-
I kers in the courts.
' I do not know why a Representative from
one of the new States should take the lead in this
matter, since the decision of the Secretary of the
Interior falls so much more oppressively upon the
soldiers of the old States. I was recently in one
; of the eastern States, and there saw many persons
h ho were entitled to warrants under the new law.
They were greatly embarrassed to know how to
turn the pretended bounty of the General Gov-
ernment to any account. They could not move
to the new States. They had not the means, if
they had the disposition, to do so. They knew
not. whom to trust to enter the lands, and still less
did they know whom to trust to sell it after it was
entered; and they could not, as I cannot, see what
difference it makes to the General Government
whether the warrant is sold, or the land upon
which it was located. I now ask the Represent-
atives from South Carolina, from Virginia, from
New Hampshire, or any of the older States, if
they intend that this decision of the Secretary of
the Interior shall stand, whereby the soldiers of
the old States get comparatively nothing for their |
I, warrants, whilst the soldiers of the new ones get
nearly as much as for the warrants issued to the
soldiers of the Mexican war? The General Gov-
ernment has no interest in the result of this strug-
gle. It is one purely between the brokers and the
I soldiers; and I am for tlie soldiers, whatever may
j be the consequences to those who have bought
■' such a large amount of the old warrants that they
< consider their fortunes entirely dependent upon
whether the decision of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior is sustained or not.
land titles in oregon city,
SPEECH OF HON. S. R. THURSTON,
of oregon territory,
In the House of Repre entatives,
Thursday, December 26, 1850,
; On the subject of Land Titles in Oregon City,
; and in defence of his public course in connection
i with the same.
j Mr. THURSTON saidr
Mr. Speaker: I hold in my hand a memorial,
signed by fifty-six of my constituents, and ad-
dressed to the Congress of the United States, pray-
ing that the title to all lots in the Oregon City
claitn, sold or donated by Dr. John McLaughlin,
previous to September 19th, 1850, may be con-
firmed to the purchasers or grantees. The memo-
rial purports to be signed by the inhabitants of
" Oregon City and vicinity." I am personally ac-
quainted with most of the memorialists, and it
gives me pleasure to say here, in my place, that
they are gentlemen of good standing in society,
and entitled to receive here, as they do receive at
home, the respect and confidence of community.
I must be permitted, however, to except from this
number one or two persons, as my remarks here-
after will more fully show. It is with extreme
pain that I do this; and I do not now say,or wish
to say, anything of their private character, which
I doubt not is fair; but it has been forced upon
me by their own unprovoked acts, and the alter-
native is before me, either to suffer reproach my-
elf, and allow my constituency to'be traduced and
slandered, or to repel the attack which these men
: , have insidiously made. It is no query with me
I which course I ought to take.
II It seems that the occasion of getting up this
lj memorial was the arrival of my letter to themem-
I bers of this House, explaining certain features of
the Oregon land bill, among others, that which re-
' served the Ore«ron City claim, and confirmed only
j those lots sold or donated by Dr. McLaughlin
prior to March 4th, 1849. It appears that between
J ''lat date and the time of the arrival of my letter,
;; other lots had been sold and donated by McLaugh-
j hn, under the double assurance given by him and
j his attorney, Thornton, that the Doctor would
i get a title to the whole claim from the Govern-
i ment; and if not, that he could hold it by virtue of
the treaty of 1846. No doubt there were many
innocent lot-holders of lots transferred after March
4th, 1849; and seeing, as they supposed, that they
would lose their lots by the reservation, and not
knowing that the land bill gave power to the Legis-
lative Assembly to confirm the title to lots trans-
ferred after this time, for a nominal value, and that
it was the intention of the bill that the Assembly
should do so, if the holder had a just right to ex-
pect or claim it, they signed this memorial, asking
that to be done winch the bill gave their own As-
sembly the power to do. This was all very well,
and was an act which the memorialists had an un-
doubted right to do, and which it gives me the
greatest pleasure to respect accordingly. And I
should have presented this memorial with the
greatest pleasure, as I now do, for reference to the
appropriate committee, and should have been
^unimHiee, anu snouiu
proud to pay to the memorialists the tribute of re-
spect to which they are eminently entitled, with-
out saying more, had I not been forced, by acts
beyond my control, and out of respect to myself
and the people I represent, to meet in the threshold
and ward off, a blow which has been aimed alike
at themselves and at me. And if, in doing this, I
am compelled by their own acts to handle two or
three of my constituents by name, it is their fault
and not mine.
After the arrival of my letter in Oregon, above
