1850.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
39
31st Cong....2d Sess.
Land Titles in Oregon City—Mr. Thurston.
Ho. or Reps.
mas origin, being derived from the German ft*gtl,
signifying a wing. The Germans put the word
•uran to it, and hence they have the compound word
jlMgti-manit, which means a wing-man. Therefore
the English, or definition of the word fugle-man
ia wing-man, or file-leader, or one who goes
ahead and takes the lead. The Doctor says he
has been the chief factor of this company, or the
head man; hence I think " chief fugleman " fits
him to a charm.
As to the word " gumption," which he travels
out of the record to pick up, I have only to re-
mark that this word, too, is a word of well-known
import; and if it is rather provincial in its use, it
is nevertheless significant. It is of Saxon origin,
derivable from gymene, which means care, or from
to observe, or be careful. Hence the defi-
nition of the word "gumption" is capacity,
shrewdness, or address, and may be called a Yan-
keeism. Had I used the word gamp, it might have
been understood.
The Doctor proceeds to say there is none in the
country who will say he strove to prevent its. set-
tlement. All I have to say in reply to this is to
point to the petition and extracts of letters which
follow. There are the names of Crawford, Mor-
rison, and Moss, who signed both memorials—
that of March 25, 1843, and that of September
19, 1850. In the former they do state what the
Doctor thinks no man now in Oregon will state,
and they also express the hope that the Doctor
never may be allowed to get the claim, but that
the lots may be confirmed, <tc. It is most re-
markable that they then hoped just what the land
bill now provides for. This shows conclusively
that these three men would not have signed a me-
morial praying that the Doctor might get the
claim. But the Doctor,alias Thornton, next pro-
ceeds to expatiate on the Doctor's kindness to the
early emigrants, and says:
" Very nur of iheae men honorably paid, a* soon aa
flie; could; others, though able to pay, and though their
notes have been standing for many years, testify their sense
of the number and magnitude of my favors by signing a
«en< memorial to the Congress of the United States, to
take from me my property, and to leave me, in the decline
of life, and in the decrepitude of old age, to the companion-
ship of adders, who, when they were benumbed with frost,
i gathered from under the hedges and warmed into life, to
feel, when, alas! too late, the stings of their ingratitude."
To these remarks I have something to say in
addition to what I have already said upon the
same subject. The Doctor alleges, himself, that
a portion of the men whom the company trusted
have paid, and that the others, " though able to
pay, refuse, &c. This substantiates what I
have before said, that if any man owes them it is
because they do not call for pay. We have now,
and we have had, for the last seven years, as good
laws for collecting debts as were to be found in
any of the States. If any man owes them it is
in notes on interest, and they are always ready and
prompt to collect, unless the debtor is good; but if
good, they have two objects in view—first, interest
on their money; second, influence over the man.
But there is one other matter which weighs in the
scale. If they have any outstanding notes, they
were given when the law of contracts', then in force
in the provisional government, made , these notes
payable in wheat, or the Government scrip. Not
liking this currency so well as the specie, they
prefer to wait till they can make sure of the latter.
But, sir, there is no truth in the assertion that
they have any considerable amount due them in
any shape—it is pretence for the purposes I have
named. He confesses the ability of the debtor:
why, then, does he not collect? Because the try
is all gammon—because the pretension is false.
But mark you, sir; he had just said these provis-
ions, &c., were furnished by the Hudson's Bay
Company under his charge. And why? For the
profits of sale and not as donations or charity. But
if the company trusted the people, how happens
it that Dr. McLaughlin complains that they aon't,
pay him. The company are the ones to complain,
and, sir, 111 tell you, it is because the Doctor is
now, for all practical purposes, as much in, of, and
connected with the company as he ever was. He '
is part owner of the Puget's Sound Agricultural
Company's possessions—a half salaried officer of
the Hudson's Bay Company, and it is true that I
this Company propose to sell all the Puget's !
Sound Company's property, thereby proving that i
this Puget's Sound Conjpany is in, and of the ]
Hudson's Bay Company, and another part of the
machinery invented by McLaughlin to swindle our
Government. It was only another " jesuitical "
device to cheat my country out of all Oregon. But
the old Doctor is interested in both of these, yet
he comes up here with a hypocritical face and
pleads poverty ! and says he has picked up my
people out of ditches, mudpuddles, from under the
ice, and warmed them into life; which Wait and
Thornton virtually testify to; and now these
"adders," he says, want him to stay with them,
penniless! Who ever heard of a Jew or Gipsy
making up a more pitiful face than this? Yet
this is done by a man wallowing in wealth, pleth-
oric with the good things of this world, merely to
i deceive you; and what looks the worst of it aU is
| to see this Wait and Thornton, (God pity them!)
| aiding and abetting this slander on my people!
J Shame on such professed American citizens. Such
would sell their birth-right for a mess of potage,
j or betray the Lord of the World for thirty pieces
of silver.
He next denies what I said relative to his send-
ing word to Fort Hall to turn the emigration to
California. Well, sir, we will see about this.
Quite certain it is, that he persuaded persons to
remove from Oregon to California, and I am in-
formed, by the most undoubted authority, that he
provided an outfit for a Mr. Force, and others
who now live in Oregon, (having returned,) and
took notes, payable in California. And this
was done for the purpose of ridding the country
of these unwelcome visitors. What does this
look like? It looks like this, sir: that the Doctor
was determined to do all he could to prevent
, the country from finally settling up, and with this
object in view, undertook to persuade our early
settlers to leave. This is well understood in Ore-
gon, and as universally believed as well under-
stood. As to the date when this order went to
Fort Hall, I may have been mistaken. But it is
a bit of history well understood, that the emi-
grants to Oregon, at a very early period, perhaps
as early as 1842 or 1843, were met with the tale
that the Indians were hostile to the Americans;
that they would be cut off if they proceeded
further on the Oregon trail; and that this story
was told by the officer in charge at Fort Hall, as
having been received from Vancouver, (the head-
quarters of Dr. McLaughlin,) and that this same
officer advised the emigrants to go to California.
Certain it is that this officer was a subordinate,
under the direction of McLaughlin. These, sir,
are facts well known in Oregon.
But I will quote from a man of the highest
standing in Oregon, who writes me on this point:
"In 1843, Dr. McLaughlin received orders, as Die gov-
ernor of the western branch of this company, to .dispatch
agents to Fort Hall, and order them to stop the emigration,
* * * and, if possible, prevent them from crossing the
Blue Mountains. This can, perhaps, at this date, be de-
nied by the managers of this band of frauds; * * but I
will just cite you to Mr , to Mr. , and to Mr.
 , who were there, and know the particulars. And if
that lamented man, Marcus Whitman, had not been mur-
dered, as well as his papers burned, we should have had
> .that evidenee which Ihey feared to face."
Mr. Speaker, there is a tale about the murder of
this Dr. Whitman of no little interest to the Hud- !
son's Bay Company.
"When Whitman, who piloted the company of 1643,
arrived at Fort Hall, die difficulties of the journey were
presented as an objection to their continuing on their jour-
ney; next the danger of the journey ; and when they found
these men would not be deterred by any other mode, they
I thrcntrntA to tor them by the Hudson's Bay Company's
I having possession of the country, and that they would not
allow them to settle," &c.
| Now, sir, I will vouch for the good standing of
this man in Oregon, for truth and veracity. He
is an older settler than I, and much more familiar
with the early history of the settlement. I have
therefore permitted him to speak for me. The
facts stated, I do not know personally, but be-
; lieve them to be true.
This McLaughlin next complains that I should
send a copy of my letter to this House to a gen-
I tleman in Oregon with this indorsement upon it:
j " Keep this till next mail, when I shall send them
generally. The debate on the California bill closes
i next Tuesday, when I hope to get up my land
bill and pass it; keep dark till next mail." Now,
i sir, it is fully understood that Thornton wrote this
I letter signed by Dr. McLaughlin. But this in-
' junction of mine indorsed on the letter to this
House, to "keep dark till next mail,"is seized
upon by the Doctor and his pimps, and it is said
by them that I strove to keep the fact of the reser-
vation of Dr. McLaughlin's claim from the people,
lest hearing of it they might defeat my plans. It
is pretended by Thornton and the Doctor that they
had no such idea, notwithstanding the memorial I
have quoted, and this is very strongly hinted at in
the memorial drawn up under the supervision of
Thornton. Mark you, sir, that Thornton pretends
in this letter signed by the Doctor, and in the me-
morial, that my course relative to the Doctor's
claim took him by surprise. I had occasion, not
long since, to say, in an address to my constitu-
ents, that I made no secret of my intentions to have
this claim reserved, long before I left Oregon for
Washington. This, Thornton well knew; and I
may say, sir, that if I am not grossly misinformed,
he took early measures last session to head me in
my operations. In this he failed, thanks to the
sterling Americanism of this and the other House.
To show you he did know that I was opposed to
McLaughlin's getting this claim, I quote from his
own language, used in a letter to me under date
October 21, 1850: "I was not disposed to array
myself against you because you sought to take
away Dr. McLaughlin's claim, because I expected
you to seek to do this. Moreover, many good
and honest people verily believe that this ought to
be done." Never was anything more truly said,
notwithstanding Wait's resolution says no consid-
able portion of the people desired it. And now,
sir, though it is not of interest to you, I desire to
put it to my people, and to those innocent lot hold-
ers, whether Thornton ever intimated to them that
I would endeavor to get this claim reserved. He
says, he expected me to seek to do this, yet he was
willing to .play the rascal to induce honest men
to buy, without intimating any such a thing And
to show you more fully that he knew what my
course would be, and that he intended to act the
rascal in beguiling innocent men to purchase, (for
he was the agent who sold these lots) he triumph-
antly informed me, in another letter, under date
I of September 19,1850, speaking of the lots which
■ had been sold since the 4th of March, 1849, and
I saying that notes had been taken for them, that
j " every one of these notes can be collected, even
' if it shall appear that Dr. McLaughlin has no title.
'In proof of this, I need only to refer to Patten et at.
'against Taylor et al., 7th Howard's U. S. Sup,
' Court Reps.,page 132." Yes, sir, the authorities
had all been hunted up, and in view of the fact,
that I should probably get this claim reserved,
that the Doctor might not hold any of it by virtue
of the treaty of 1846, the notes are so framed that
the money could be wrung out of the deluded pur-
chaser and innocent holder at all hazards.
I don't know when a more artfully-concocted
fraud has been played off on my people than this
same transaction. Does not this man Thornton
know morals enough to know that he is morally
required, in selling me an article in which there is
a latent flaw or defect, of which he is well-know-
ing, and I ignorant, to disclose to me such defect?
Yet, knowing this, and believing it, too, he con-
trives so to frame his notes, that they can be col-
lected any how; so to set his snare, that when the
innocent are once in the meshes, he can. success-
fully bear down their struggling to be extricated.
Why does he sell for notes, in a country abound-
ing in money ? Because he can sell faster, for ex-
pecting, as he says, that I would get the claim
reserved, and having no confidence that the Doctor
could hold, by virtue of the treaty, he determined
to bleed the innocent as deeply as possible. What
honest man can read this transaction without feel-
ing an utter contempt for such jesuitical frauds?
But,
" A wit's a feather, and a chief a rod:
An honest man's the noblest work of God."
I yet hope that the Assembly of Oregon may
strike down these outstanding notes, and while
they do to the utmost of justice to all innocent
purchasers, I hope they may place a bar to the
collection of them. This can be done without
the intervention of any ex post facto law.
But to return to the injunction to " keep dark
till next mail." It is well-known, sir, that when
the Oregon land bill was first discussed in this
House, I expressed the deepest regrets that it
could not be passed on that day, and that I gavf
