I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41
81st Cong 2d Skss.
Land Titles in Oregon City—Mr. Thurston.
Ho. of Heps.
subsequent to the treaty, be considtrad as part of their poe- j
sessorv rights. (
Feeling satisfied that it is only Becesssry that the Gov- <
emmrnt should be made acquainted with the character of
the " possessory rights" claimed by the company in this
instance, to prevent any action which may affect my own
rights and thos* of others similarly situated, I have deemed
it proper to lay my case before you. Haviag put you in
possession of the facts, I submit the matter to your en-
lightened judgment, to take such step* as you may deem
most proper and effectual to protect my individual rights,
la welt as the interest of our Government.
I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient
servant, FORBES BARCLAY, M. 0.
I have now a word to say upon his naturaliza-
tion. He says he had filed his intentions to be-
come an American citizen, and that I must have
known it. I did know he had qualified himself to
Vote at the first election, and no further, and that
he was and still is "an Englishman," (or, if he ,
chooses) a British subject, and "still connected in
interest with the Hudson's Bay Company;" and I
know, too, that the Legislative Assembly have foil
power to require him to complete his naturalization,
or rather to uegin and complete it before voting at
any subsequent election.
iThe act organizing Oregon Territory required of
Dr. McLaughlin ana all foreigners, "to declare on
oath their intentions to become such," (American
citizens,) and to take an "oath to support the
Constitution of the United States and the provis-
ions of this act," to entitle them to vote at the
"first election." Now, I admit that I had heard
only, that Dr. McLaughlin had done this, or, in
other words, that he had qualified himself to vote ,
at the firit election. I stated in my letter, "he
•till refuse* to file his intentions to become an
American citizen." The editor of the Spectator .
says, he examined a paper, at the request of Mr.
McLaughlin, filed in the clerk's office, attested by j
the then acting clerk of a court not known to the .
laws of the Umtfcd States, George L. Curry, which 1
went to show that the Doctor did file his inten- I
tions on the 30th of May, 1849- i
The editor means by this, that he took the oath j
before said Carry, necessary to qualify him to |
vote at the first election. The organic act of the i
14th of August, 1848, did not require McLaugh-
lin or any foreigner to "file his intentions to become
an American citizen" before ti court competent to
receive and file such intentions, but simply " tor
declare on oath their intention to become such,"
which might have been done befbre a justice of
the peace, as well as beforfe any other magistrate or
tribunal. Mark you, they are .not required to
"declare on oath or affirmation," which is the i
language of the law regulating naturalization. The
object of taking the two oaths, was to entitle him 1
to vote at the "first election," and when he had
voted, the oaths had become fwictv* officio, they J
had answered their end, and were therefore of no
use whatever afterwards.
For a foreigner to become naturalized, he is
required by the laws Of the United States to de-
clare " on oath, or affirmation, before the - Su-
preme, Superior, District, or Cirttiit Court, of some
one of the States, or of the Territorial Districts of
the United States, or a Circuit or District Court
of the United States," two years before his admis-
sion, that he bona fide intends, Ac. Hence it must
be done in one of those courts which Are courts
of record, and which have been created by a State
in a State, or by the United States in a Territory
or Territorial District. Now the court, or the tri-
bunal, in which Dr. McLaughlin took his oaths
was not such a court as the law requires, but was
a creature of the Provisional Government, and
was not snch a court as is required to commence
the process, or such as the law imperiously de-
mands. It therefore clearly appears, if we insist
that the actual commencement of naturalization
waa required by the organic act, to oualify the
Doctor to vote at the first election, that he was not
qualified to vote, is not now, and hence cannot be,
until he not only commences, but completes his
naturalization. Suppose the Doctor applies by
and by, to complete his naturalization , to the courts
in the Territory by virtue of the authority of the
United States, and this paper, attested by Curry, is
offered as evidence of his: n&ving filed his intention,
the court cannot receive it, because it is not the rec-
ord of such a court as the United States laws re-
quire, and hence the Doctor must begin de novo to
become an American citizen. If the Provisional
court in which this paper was filed was not one of
the courts specified oy the act of naturalization of
a State, or one of the courts specified by said act,
of a "territorial district of the United States,"
which court and district must have been previously
created by the laws'Of the United States, or if it
was not a circuit or district court of the United
States,—if it was neither of these at the time the
paper was filed, and if the organic act did not make
records of this kind of said Provisional court a
part of the records of the court to be created by
the organic act, then, no declaration of intentions
filed in said Provisional court can be taken or al-
lowed as such by the courts created by our organic
act, which are now the courts of record of the
Territory. And nothing is plainer than this, that
if the organic act had made no provision for the
perpetuation of any proceedings had in the courts
of the Provisional Government, all these would
have fallen through at this organization of the Ter-
ritory by the General Government. And it is
equally true that none other than those mentioned
in theorganicact are saved;besides the selection by
that act of proceedings of a specific nature, pend-
ing in the Provisional court, is declaring negatively
that no others were intended to be saved. No one
will have the hardihood to pretend that the Pro-
visional eourt Was either of the courts above
specified.
And now, if you turn to the l?th section of Our
organic act, you will see that no provision is made
for making this paper, filed before Geo. L. Curry,
a record of the court now in existence in Oregon.
You see clearly that the act speaks of the provis-
ional courts as one thing, and the courts estab-
lished, or contemplated to be established by the
organic act, as another and different thing. The
civil and criminal Suits, or preliminary proceed-
ings for suits, commenced in the provisional courts,
w£fe to be transferred to the United States courts,
or the territorial courts of the United States,
which tire ctturts oif record. No provision what-
ever is rnade ih the organic act for lh^ktrte any-
thing tlohe in the provisional courts, records to bfe
respected in the territorial courts; Ohly Suits or
proceedings at law and equity are to be trans-
ferred at all, and nothing else which Was a record
ih the provisional courts is made a record in the
territorial courts. "The district courts hereby
established," (by the organic act,) are named in
contradistinction to " the courts Established by
Authority of the provisional government of Ore-
gon;" and no proceedings whatever, except those
pending and undetermined in said provisional
courts on the 14th of August, 1848, were to be
"heard," "tried," "prosecuted, or "deter-
mined," in the courts crfeated by the organic act.
Therefore, if yoti say the Doctor's paper Was a
civil proceeding at law, it is a nullity, b6eatt86
it eatihbt be determined or finished in the courts
now ih existence in the Territory, for thfe reason
that ft wifc not pending at the passage Of the or-
ganic act.
HoW, then, stands the facts of the case? They
simply amount to this: that the paper filed befbre
Curry is not sueh a filing of inttfitiott as the law
requires to be made in order to become an Amer-
ican citizen, and hence that the Doctor has not
yet filed his intehtion. The next section of the
organic act continued Curry , the clerk of the pro-
visional court, until such time as a new court
should be organized, and perhaps longer in the
event of no successor, but in no Way made the
provisional court a part of the new court, or its
papers a part of the records of the new court; and
if it is said that this section constitued Curry clerk
of the district court, established or created by the
organic act of August 14,1848, within and for the
county of Clarkamas, from the time the new courts
were organized until his successor should be quali-
fied, then for this paper to be good, fts a declara-
tion of intention, it must have been filed by Curry
in the Capacity of clerk of the new court, and not
as clerk of the provisional eourt, and after this
new courts were organized and in operation; dnd
this, I am informed by Judge Bryant, was not the
case. This latter feet beinar true, there is nothing
more clear thah that Dr. McLaughlin did not file
his intentions to become an American citizen, in
contemplation of law.
This, sir, is the viehfr which Judge Bryant, the
*ble late Chief Justice of Oregon, took of this Wit-
ter, and I have no doubt of the correctness of his
views. He informs me that he distinctly, and more
than once, informed McLaughlin that such were his
views, and advised him to take the necessary initia-
tory step to become an American citizen, and that
McLaughlin declined, assigning for reason that
he could not do it because it would injure his stand-
ing in England. Chief Justice Bryant did not lie,
and there is not the least question but McLaughlin
did assign that very reason; and it was on his
authority I made tne declaration—an authority
which no one will doubt who knows Judge Bry-
ant. How contemptible, then, does McLaughlin's
parade appear in the Spectator—an effort put forth
to make the people believe I willfully stated what I
knew to be false. I relied on Judge Bryant's
statement for the refusal, and I have not any doubt
but his exposition of the law is correct. Having
thus shown up the Doctor's Jesuitism in this par-
ticular, I leave this point, with the remark that I
am able to prove the refusal to file his intentions,
and that he gave the excuse stated.
Having now answered, to some extent at least,
the glaring misstatements in the Doctor's letter,
and several points connected with the meeting
and memorial of the inhabitants of Oregon City,
let us turn to the public sentiment of Oregon
touching him, the city claim, and the Hudson's
Bay Company, et id omne genus, as made known
to me through private correspondence and public
documents, ana you will learn from these in what
light this matter is viewed by the people of Ore-
gon. And the first bit I will give you is from a
man for whose veracity I will vouch, as well as
for his standing in my country—a man of four-
teen years' residence in Oregon. I need not add
that his character, as his veracity, is above sus-
picion. His letters I will denominate, for the pur-
pose of reference hereafter, one and two. Here
they are:
"Dear Sir: Having just returned from Oregon City, and
while at the City, I learned a communication had been re-
ceived from you by and bikde publik * * * I
did tittt tee file doemtftint, BVrt frtwi sttteinlnts made by
Mr. Thornton and others, I concluded it contained propo-
sals, or contemplated making a reservation of Oregon City
* * as a town site by the Government. From Judge
Tfioniton's assertidns respecting (he document, he or you
at* laboring under a sad mistake in retortion to l>r. Mo-
Lailghlin. [See this man's second letter hereafter.] Two
of the positions or statements you make, and which ftfr.
Thornton affirms to be false, I am bold to say I must con-
ftrin. I rfegtet very fnticft that X have not a personal ac-
quaintance with you. Yon are doubtless aware of the firet
that I have been in the country since 1836, and that the
policy of the Hudson's Bay Conjpany was very early a sub-
ject or careful in vestibatibn by me. * * * * I was pre-
pared to appreciate the policy and influence Of the Hud-
son's Bay Company in any effort that might be made to
effect any political organization of this colony in 1841 am)
1843. If you have not already done it [I had] I wish you
to look after a petition which was sent to Congress in
1841-'2. In this petition you will find expressed the feel-
ings and Wishes of Hearty every citizen of Oregon at that
tithe. >
" Vou may he told by sdiiie Who profess to be your Wends,
that in urging the measure vou propose agaiMt the exclu-
sive occupancy of Oregon City by t*r. McLlHighltn, or his
heirs, yon will Ibse friends and create sympathy for Dr.
McLaughlin. Iffy opitiidn is, that if you lose the City in-
fluehce, [this man lives among the l one and siheW of Ore-
gon, T.J and all the McLaughlin clique, the ctthnW^ Will
sustain you five to one.
" Dr. McLaughlin told me in so many Words, [see ilso
Sir Gebrge SihipSon'i sfttetnent, T.1 thht the Hudson'* Hay
Company had Hasted a mill race at the Willamette Ftifls,
and that they had ordered a flouring mill expressly for that
pljufc. Mr- Fenton, who built the mill, Was, KnB still is, an
enlisted servant of the Hudson's Bay Company, Utititfr their
orders. Dr. McLaughlin is still a half-salaried chief factor
of the Hudson's Bay Company. I do titit think, it least I
have not heen able to learn from any source, that he ha*
relinquished a single Hudson's Bay Company servant's or
Chiefractor's privilege. * * * He tertainly did use im-
proper means to prevent the occupancy of the water privi-
lege at the Willamette Falls by American cftiaeris. He has
as certainly thrown his influence against all internal im-
proVemferita in the country, except such as Wefe under the
control or influente Of the company. He is (it present re-
ceiving his proportiSn of the income of the Pugefs Sound
Agricultural Cortipanv. [This company claim twenty miles
square Of land, T.] I have never been able, in all my ac-
quaintance With the Hudson's Bay Company's maneuver-
ing, to see the great benevolent actions Which have been
trumpeted throughout thte globe by Captain Wilkes and
Others, as attributed to the conipafiy, and to Dr. MeLatlghlih
as its head. Why, sir, I do not Believe that in all their
accounts, in aH the irrtihense business they have done in
Oregon, they have ever lost, by American citizens, fine
hundred dollars. Where, then, !s their benevolence, for
wTiich they claim the lion's portion? And how many
millions of dollars have that company taken from Oregon
fbr a few old traps 1
" In every move tlfat has dVM- bteeri made to promote tlffe
Settlement and interiiW improvement of Oregon, Dr. Me-
