1850.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOSS.
45
31st Cong 2d Skss.
Relations toith Austria.
Senate fe Ho. or Reps.
all over the country, and second to none in commu-
nity there. They are scattered over the whole
Territory, and speak the sentiments of all its parts,
which, as you see, harmonize as completely as
one could desire. It is the sentiment of that people
as a whole—a sentiment as deeply rooted as their
forest trees, and as elevated and immovable as the
ferennially snow-capped mountains around them,
lence, I feel authorized to say, as I do say, here
in my place, that the two resolutions procured to
be passed at Oregon City, on the 19th day of Sep-
tember, 1850, by a sum-total of not exceeding six
votes in their favor, and when the meeting of
hcenty-fbur men, all told, as I have undoubted evi-
dence, had measurably dispersed, by the two
apostate Americans—Thornton and Wait—togeth-
er with the letter of Dr. McLaughlin, circulated in
this House, and the prefatory remarks of Thornton
to his resolution, are a libel upon the sentiment and
character of Americanized Oregon, without ap-
proval by ninety-nine hundredths of our people; a
most pitiable pandering to foreign influence and
foreign money, without truth on their side, and not
entitled to the decent notice of this House, or the
high-minded people I represent. With these re-
marks, sir, I close, turning over the issue to that
people who are slandered and belied by Dr. Mc-
Laughlin's letter and these puny resolutions, who
will handle both them and their authors with gloves
off, and consign them to a position which their
deeds merit. And I will assure you and the whole
country, that whenever, and wherever, and by
whomsoever, my people are attacked, here or else-
where, openly or covertly, in the basement or upon
the housetop, at midnight or at noon-day, no con-
sideration, public, private, or personal, or how-
ever momentous, will deter me from coming to thei*
rescue, and defending them with a determination
worthy of themselves and their virtue.
confidence which Austria had never ceased to
manifest towards them, that the United States be-
came so impatient for the downfall of the Austrian
Monarchy, and even sought to accelerate that
event bv the utterance of their wishes to that
effect ? Those who did not hesitate to assume the
responsibility of sending Mr. Dudley Mann on
such an errand, should, independent of consider-
ations of propriety, have borne in mind that they
were exposing their emissary to be treated as a
spy. It is to be regretted that the American .Gov-
ernment was not better informed as to the actual
resources of Austria, and her historical persever-
ance in defending her just rights. A knowledge
of those resources would have led to the conclu-
sion that a contest for a few months' duration
j could neither have exhausted the energies of that
Power, nor turned aside its purpose to put down
Government pf the United States were to think it
proper to take an indirect part in the political
movements of Europe, American policy would be
exposed to acts of retaliation, and to certain in-
conveniences, which could not fail to affect the
commerce and the industry of the two hemispheres.
All countries are obliged, at some period or other,
to struggle against internal difficulties; all forms of
government are exposed to such disagreeable epi-
sodes; the United states have had some experience
in this very recently. Civil war is a possible oc-
currence everywhere, and theencou ragem en t which
is given to the spirit of insurrection and of dis-
order most frequently falls back upon those who
seek to aid it in its developments, in spite of justice
and wise policy.
The undersigned avails himself of this occasion
to renew to the Secretary of State the assurance of
correspondence between the secretary Or
State and Austrian Charge d'affaires.
[Set Congressional Globe, page 135.]
Department of State,
Washington, December 30, 1850. •
To the President of the United States:
The Secretary of State, to whom has been re-
ferred the resolution of the Senate of the 26th in-
stant, requesting the President " to communicate
to the Senate, if not incompatible with the public
interest, copies of any correspondence, if any has
taken place, between the Department of State and
the Austrian Charge d'Affaires, respecting the ap-
pointment or proceedings of the agent sent out to
examine and report upon the condition and pros-
pects of the Hungarian people, during their recent
struggle for independence, has the honor to lay
before the President a copy of the correspondence
called for by the resolution.
Respectfully submitted,
DANIEL WEBSTER.
CfccM&r J. 6. HvLiemann to Secretary of State.
[Translation.] Austrian Ligation,
Washington, September30, 1850.
The undersigned, Charge d'Affaires of his Ma-
jesty the Emperor of Austria, has been instructed
to make the following communication to the Sec-
retary of State:
As soon as the Imperial Government became
aware of the fact that a United States agent haid
been dispatched to Vienna, with orders to watch
for a favorable moment to recognize the Hunga-
rian Republic, and to conclude a treaty of com-
merce with the same, the undersigned was directed
to address some confidential but pressing repre-
sentations to the Cabinet of Washington against
that proceeding, which is so much at variance
with those principles of international law, so
scrupulously adhered to by Austria at all times,
and under all circumstances, towards the United
States. In fact, how is it possible to reconcile
such a mission with the principle of non-interven-
tion, so formally announced by the United States
as the basis of American policy, and which had
just been sanctioned with so much solemnity by
the President in his inaugural address of March
'5, 1849? Was it in return for the friendship and
the insurrection. Austria has struggled against : his distinguished consideration,
the French revolution for twenty-five years; the 1
courage and perseverance which she exhibited in
that memorable contest have been appreciated by
the whole world. ' j
To the urgent representations oftheundersigned,
Mr. Clayton answered that Mr. Mann's mission
had no other object in view than to obtain reliable
information as to the true state of affairs in Hun-
gary, by personal observation; this explanation
can hardly be admitted, for it says very little as to
the cause of the anxiety which was felt to ascer-
tain the chances of the revolutionists. Unfortu-
nately, the language in which Mr. Mann's instruc-
tions were drawn gives us a very correct idea of
their scope. This language was offensive to the
Imperial Cabinet, for it designates the Austrian
Government as an iron rule, and represents the
rebel chief Kossuth as an illustrious man; while
improper expressions are introduced in regard to
Russia, the intimate and faithfYtl ally of Austria.
Notwithstanding these hostile demonstrations, the
Imperial Cabinet has deemed it proper to preserve
a conciliatory deportment, making ample allow-
ance for the ignorance of the Cabinet of Washing-
ton on the subject of Hungarian affairs, and its
disposition to give credence to the mendacious ru-
mors which are propagated by the American press.
This extremely painful incident, therefore, might
have been passed over, without any written evi-
dence being left, on our part, in the archives of the
United States, had not General Taylor thought
\ proper to revive the whole subject by communica- I
ting to the Senate, in his message of the- 18th of
last March, the instructions with which Mr. Mann
i had been furnished on the occasion of his mission
] to Vienna. The publicity which has been given
j to that document has placed the Imperial Govern-
! ment under the necessity of entering a formal pro-
test, through its official representative, against the
proceedings of the American Government, lest that
' Government should construe our silence into ap-
• probation, or toleration even, of the principles
' which appear to have guided its action and the
means it has adopted. i
In view of all these circumstances, the under- j
signed has been instructed to declare that thp Im-'
perial Government totally disapproves, and will j
. always continue to disapprove of those proceedings,
■ so offensive to the laws of propriety; and that it i
protests against all interference in the internal
affairs of its Government. Having thus fulfilled his i
duty, the undersigned considers it a fortunate cir- 1
cumstance that he has it in his power to assure the
Secretary of State that the Imperial Government
HULSEMANN.
Tp the Hon. Daniel Webster,
Secrttqry qf Stqle qf the United SiaU*.
Secretory qf State to Mr. Hulsemann.
dlsfaptment of state,
Washington, December 21, 1850.
The undersigned, Secretary of State of the
United States, had the honor to receivs, some
time ago, the note of Mr. Hulsemann, Charge
d'Affaires of his Majesty the Emperor of Austria,
! of the 30th September. Gauses not arising from
any want of personal regard for Mr. Hulsetnann,
or of proper respect for his Government, have de-
i layed an answer until the present moment. Hav-
i ing submitted Mr. Hulsemann's letter to the Pre -
i ident, the undersigned is now directed by him to
i return the following reply:
j The objects of Mr. Hulsemann'* note are, first,
to protest, by order of his Government, against
the steps taken by the late President of the United
States to ascertain the progress and probable re-
sult of the revolutionary movements in Hungary;
and, secondly, to complain of some expressions
in the instructions of the late Secretary of State .to
Mr. A. Dudley Mann, a confidential agent of the
United States, as communicated by President Tay-
lor to the Senate on the 28th of March last.
The principal ground of protest is founded on
the idea, or in the allegation, that the Government
of the United States, by the mission of Mr. Mann,
and his instructions, has interfered in the domes-
tic affairs of Austria, in a manner unjust and dis-
respectful toward that Power. The President's
message was a communication made by him to
the Senate, transmitting a correspondence between
the Executive Government and a confidential
agent of its own. This would seem to be itself a
domestic transaction, a mere instance Of inter-
course between the President and the Senate, in
the manner which is usual and indispensable in
communications betwaen the different branches of
the Government. It was not addressed to either
Austria or Hungary; nor was it made any pub-
lic -manifesto, to which any foreign State was called
on to reply. It was an account of its transactions
cAnmunicated by the Executive Government to
the Senate, at the request of that body; made
public, indeed, but made public only because such
is the common and usual course of proceeding; and
it may be regarded as somewhat strange, there-
fore, that the Austrian Cabinet did not perceive
is disposed'to cUirivate\Ztionrof7riTnrhipand i! that, by the instractions given to Mr. Hulsemann,
good understanding with the United States, rela- 14 was lt8 f interfering with " nrn "" r
dons which may have been momentarily weakened,
but which could not again be seriously disturbed
without-placing the cardinal interests of the two
countries in jeopardy.
The instructions for addressing this communi-
J cation to Mr. Clayton reached Washington at the
; time of General Taylor's death. In compliance
with the requisitions of propriety, the undersigned
deemed it his duty to defer the task until the new
11 Administration had been completely organized; a
delay which he now rejoices at, as it has given him
! the opportunity of ascertaining from the new
1' President himself, on the occasion of the reception
of the diplomatic corps, that the fundamental
policy of the United States, so frequently pro-
claimed, would guide the relations of the American
Government with the other Powers. Even if the
the domestic con-
cerns of a foreign State, the very thing which is
the ground of its complaint against the United
i States.
1 This Department has, on former occasions, in-
| formed the Ministers of Foreign Powers that a
communication from the President to either House
of Congress is regarded as a domestic communi-
: cation, of which, ordinarily, no foreign State has
i cognizance; and, in more recent instances, the
great inconvenience of snaking such communica-
j| tions subjects of diplomatic correspondence and
! discussion has been fully shown. If it had been
the pleasure of his Majesty the Emperor of Aus-
tria, during the struggles in Hungary, to have
j admonished the Provisional Government or the
r people of that country against involving them-
f] selves in disaster, by following tha evil and dan-
