1850.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
47
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Relations with Austria.
Senate &. Ho. of Rcps.
Kingdom of Hungary by Imperial appointment,
but at the time the application was made Chief of
the Revolutionary Government. The object of
this application was to obtain the good offices of
Mr. Stiles with the Imperial Government, with a
view to the suspension of hostilities. This appli-
cation became the subject of a conference between
Prince Schwarzenberg, the Imperial Minister for
Foreign Affairs, and Mr. Stiles. The Prince
commended the considerateness and propriety
with which Mr. Stiles had acted; and,so far from
disapproving his interference, advised him, in case
he received a further communication from the Rev-
olutionary Government in Hungary, to have an
interview with Prince Windisgratz, who was
charged by the Emperor with the proceedings
determined on in relation to that kingdom. A
week after these occurrences, Mr. Stiles received,
through a secret channel, a communication signed
by L. Kossuth, President of the Committee of
Defence, and countersigned by Francis Pulsky,
Secretary of State. On the receipt of this com-
munication, Mr. Stiles had an interview with
Prince Windisgratz, "who received him with the
utmost kindness, and thanked him for his efforts
toward reconciling the existing difficulties." Such
were the incidents which first drew the attention
of the Government of the United States particu-
larly to the affaire of Hungary, and the conduct
of Mr. Stiles, though acting without instructions
in a matter of much delica'cy, having been viewed
with satisfaction by the Imperial Government,
was approved by that of the United States.
In the course of the year 1848, and in the early
part of 1849, a considerable number of Hunga-
rians came to the United States. Among them
were individuals representing themselves to be in
the coafidence of the Revolutionary Government,
and by these persons the President was strongly
urged to recognize the existence of that Govern-
ment. In these applications, and in the manner
in which they were viewed by the President,there
was nothing unusual; still less was there anything
unauthorized by the law of nations.- It is the
right of every independent State to enter into
friendly relations with every other independent
State. Of course questions of prudence naturally
arise in reference to new States, brought by suc-
cessful revolutions into the family of nations; but
it is not to be required of neutral Powers that they
should await the recognition of the new Govern-
ment by the parent State. No principle of public
law has been more frequently acted upon within
the last thirty years by the great Powers of the
world than this. Within that period eight or ten
new States have established independent govern-
ments within the limits of the colonial dominions
of Spain, on this continent; and in Europe the
same thing has been done by Belgium and Greece.
The existence of all these Governments was
recognized by some of the leading Powers of
Europe, as well as by the United States, before
it was acknowledged by the States from which
they had separated themselves. If, therefore, the
United States had gone so far as formally to
acknowledge the independence of Hungary, al-
though, as the result has proved, it would have
been a precipitate step, and one from which no
benefit would have resulted to either party,
it would not, nevertheless, have been an act
against the law of nations, provided they took
no part in her contest with Austria. But the
United States did no such thing. Not only did
they not yield to Hungary any actual counte-
nance or succor; not only did they not show
their ships of war in the Adriatic with any men-
acing or hostile aspect, but they studiously ab-
stained from everything which had not been done
in other cases in times past, and contented them-
selves with instituting an inquiry into the truth
and reality of allegefl political occurrences. Mr.
Hulsemann incorrectly states, unintentionally cer-
tainly, the nature of the mission of this agent,
when he says that " a United States agent had
been dispatched to Vienna with orders to watch
for a favorable moment to recognize the Hunga-
rian republic, and to conclude a treaty of com-
merce with the same." This, indeed, would have
been a lawful object, but Mr. Mann's errand was,
in the first instance, purely one of inquiry. He
had no power to act, unless he had first come to
the conviction that a firm and stable Hungarian
Government existed. "The principal object the
President has in view," according to his instruc-
tions, "is to obtain minute and reliable informa-
tion in regard to Hungary in connection with the
affairs of adjoining countries, the probable issue
of the present revolutionary movements, and the
chances we may have of forming commercial ar-
rangements with that Power favorable to the Uni-
ted States." Again, in the same paper, it is said:
" The object of the President is to obtain informa-
tion in regard to Hungary and her resources and
prospects, with a view to an early recognition of
her independence and the formation of commercial
relations with her." It was only in the event that
the new Government should appear, in the opinion
of the agent, to be firm and stable, that the Presi-
dent proposed to recommend its recognition.
Mr. Hulsemann, in qualifying these steps of
President Taylor with the epithet of "hostile,"
seems to take for granted that the inquiry could,
in the expectation of the President, have but one
result, and that favorable to Hungary. If this
was so, it would not change the case. But the
American Government sought for nothing but
truth; it desired to learn the facts through a relia-
ble channel. It so happened in the chances and
vicissitudes of human affairs that the result was
adverse to the Hungarian revolution. The Amer-
ican agent—as was stated in his instructions to be
not unlikely—found the condition of Hungarian
affairs less prosperous than it had been, or had
been believed to be. He did not enter Hungary,
nor hold any direct communication with her revo-
lutionary leaders. He reported against the recog-
nition of her independence, because he found that
she had been unable to set up a firm and stable
government. He carefully forbore, as his instruc-
tions required, to give publicity to his mission,
and the undersigned supposes that the Austrian
Government first learned its existence from the
communications of the President to the Senate.
Mr. Hulsemann will observe from this statement
that Mr. Mann's mission was wholly unobjection-
able, and strictly within the rule of the law of na-
tions, and the duty of the United States as a neu-
tral Power. He will accordingly feel how little
foundation there is for his remark, that " those
' who did not hesitate to assume the responsibility
' of sending Mr. Dudley Mann on such an errand
' should, independent of considerations of propri-
' ety, have borne in mind that they were exposing
' their emissary to be treated as a spy.'' A spy is a
person sent by one belligerent to gain secret infor-
i mation of the forces and defences of the other, to be
j used for hostile purposes. According to practice,
he may use deception, under the penalty of being
! lawfully hanged if detected. To give this odious
name and chJftacter to a confidential agent of a
j neutral Power, bearing the commission of his
country, and sent for a purpose fully warranted by
the law of nations, is not only to abuse language,
but also to confound all just ideas, and to an-
nounce the wildest and most extravagant notions,
such as certainly were not to have been expected
in a grave diplomatic paper; and the President di-
rects the undersigned to say to Mr. Hulsemann
that the American Government would regard such
an imputation upon it by the Cabinet of Austria,
as that it employs spies, and that in a quarrel none
of its own, as distinctly offensive, if it did not
presume, as it is willing to presume, that the word
used in the original German was not of equivalent
meaning with " spy " in the English language, or
that in some other way the employment of such
an opprobrious term may be explained. Had the
Imperial Government of Austria subjected Mr.
Mann to the treatment of a spy, it would have
placed itself without the pale of civilized nations;
and the Cabinet of Vienna may be assured that if
it had carried, or attempted to carry, any such
lawless purpose into effect, in the case of an au-
thorized agent of this Government, the spirit of
the people of this country would have demanded
immediate hostilities to be waged by the utmost
exertion of the power of the Republic, military
and naval.
Mr. Hulsemann proceeds to remark that " this
' extremely painful incident, therefore, might have
' been passed over, without any written evidence
' being left on our part in the archives of the United
' States, had not General Taylor thought proper to
' revive the whole subject, by communicating to
'the Senate, in his message of the 18th [28th 1 cf
< last March, the instructions with which Mr. Mann
' had been furnished on the occasion of his mission
' to Vienna. The publicity which has been given
' to that document nas placed the Imperial Govern-
' ment under the necessity of entering a formal pro-
1 test, through its official representative, against the
1 proceedings of the American Government, lest
' that Government should construe our silence into
< approbation, or toleration even, of the principles
' which appear to have guided its action and the
' means it has adopted. The undersigned reas-
serts to Mr. Hulsemann, and to the Cabinet of
Vienna, and in the presence of the world, that the
steps taken by President Taylor, now protested
against by the Austrian Government, were war-
ranted by the law of nations and agreeable to the
usages of civilized States. With respect to the
communication of Mr. Mann's instructions to the
Senate, and the language in which they are
couched, it has already been said, and Mr. Hulse-
mann must feel the justice of the remark, that
these are domestic affairs, in reference to which the
Government of the United States cannot admit the
slightest responsibility to the Government of his
Imperial Majesty. No State, deserving the ap-
pellation of independent, can permit the language
in which it may instruct its own officers in the
discharge of their duties to itself to be called in
question under any pretext by a foreign Power.
But, even if it were not so, Mr. Hulsemann is in
an error in stating that the Austrian Government
is called an " Iron Rule" in Mr. Mann's instruc-
tions. That phrase is not found in the paper;
and in respect to the honorary epithet bestowed
in Mr. Mann's instructions on the late Chief of
the Revolutionary Government of Hungaiy, Mr.
Hulsemann will bear in mind that the. Govern-
ment of the United States cannot justly be ex-
pected, in a confidential communication to its
own agent, to withhold from an individual an epi-
thet of distinction of which a great part of the
world thinks him worthy, merely on the ground
that his own Government regards him as a rebel.
At an early stage of the American Revolution,
while Washington was considered by the English
Government as a rebel chief, he was regarded on
the continent of Europe as an illustrious hero.
But the undersigned will take the liberty of bring-
ing the Cabinet of Vienna into the presence of its
own predecessors, and of citing for its considera-
tion the conduct of the Imperial Government itself.
In the year 1777, the war of the American Revo-
lution was faging all over these United States;
England was prosecuting that war with a most
resolute determination, and by the exertion of all
her military means to the fullest extent. Ger-
many was at that time at peace with England; and
yet an agent of that Congress, which was looked
upon by England in no other light than that of a
body in open rebellion, was not only received
with great respect by the Ambassador of the Em-
press Queen at Paris, and by the Minister of the
Grand Duke of Tuscany, who afterwards mounted
the imperial throne, but resided in Vienna for a
considerable time; not, indeed, officially acknowl-
edged, but treated with courtesy and respect; and
the Emperor suffered himself to be persuaded by
that agent to exert himself to prevent the German
Powers from furnishing troops to England to en-
able her to suppress the ret>ellion in America.
Neither Mr. Hulsemann, nor the Cabinet of Vi-
enna,itispresumed, will undertake to say that any-
thing said or done by this Government in regard to
the recent war between Austria and Hungary is not
borne out, and much more than borne out, by this
example of the Imperial Court. It is believed
that the Emperor Joseph the Second habitually
spoke in terms of respect and admiration of the
character of Washington, as he is known to have
done of that of Franklin; and he deemed it no in-
fraction of neutrality to inform himself of the prog-
ress of the revolutionary struggle in America,
nor to express his deep sense of the merits and
the talents of those illustrious men who were then
leading their country to independence and renown.
The undersigned may add, that in 1781 the Courts
of Russia and Austria proposed a diplomatic Con-
gress of the belligerent Powers, to which the
