186I.J
81st Con«.....Sd Sess.
appendix to the congressional globl.
CaHforma Land Titles—Mr. Benton.
61
Senate.
substitute bill now offered by lb* Senator present
from California (Mr. Gwik] doee not.
I Maud yeatetday the extreme desire of the
SpMinli Government to populate California, Mid
for that purpose, the inducements and rewards held
out to jtwail upon people to accept and occupy
gratis of land. 1 stated that assistance in   ooev.
cattle, implements, awl seeds, were given to the
•fitter; thnt exemption from all contributions, even
church tithes, van often granted for a certain num-
ber of tni* after the grant; and that contractors,
railed mfrrwnw, were employed at a hi li reward
—-fir* square league* to himself for every hundred
families introduced—to hiltag in tiuniliea; to each
of whom a minimum of one league square for a
rwW grant was allowed. 1 said titen I would give
chapter and verae for that statement; aad now do
so.
EMrmtis />«■ Mnrmo nlnmliw bin, «iu<d ty Mr.
Jmh, *3, omdfolhm lag:
- Akt. L Ttas insinal ot laid stall fee kt follow -
Dk Mrs at three geometrical feet; a
Bsc Dk nara at three pmnuKna
Mnigfct bae at nrr Hvwul m> (Ball be a league; a
«q«rf, ntk ot alww udca ihsl be aac shall be
rilM • «M; sad in shall hr at nan of eooiuiag aae,
dims ; Arc aHK  shall compose oae haei
1 Atr. «. la the jbuttwita ««<i by fimnant of
. fcr Mr IkiaaMi of viHiyi. Kiith,
luutii— shall fee made helwwa
ifce gnua* lands daatued foe Ike lauuffof stuck, aid lands
svNaMr t«r faaiifw planting, oa >mn| of the taeitity
ot itnganoa.
A ITT. 7. One later Ml he rnsnpnasj of oar millioa
m n ma. An m to say, oae Win—ml nuaa on each
■ik, abaib mi JIWCWI lit Ml be the UM lor ciHUKiiagone,
nro. or more labors. IV* labors eaa be tfviM isio
halvea aad ^mar%m. but not lea*.
" Abt.  ■ To the rnfriaial*. mmr on^iM ia fenatng,
Acre rsaant brsna leas taa ome tabor, and Ibw whose
i la sanek raisia*. there eaaaot be given lee* than
' Abt  . The CwinnH of itself. or by aseans of thr
of land a* stay be ilna < proper, agreeably lo the
aad nmomarn ot ibt colonists *•
•' Abt- It. To each fapmno who amdwa aad es-
rsbfcHiri toiin n any of the province* MnaM for
ralnnisaami then shalt be |naM at the raw or thrae ha
i ii ads a aad (an lafeon foe each two fcaadml ftnihes so
i—iidai I I be bin, bat he will low the right ot property
am and laariv should be not have popolated and caltiva-
M Harm m nrHtt ran fmn the date of the concrs—on-
The (vcwm eaaaotexceed nine bacieadssaad ail labor*,
whatever nay be the aaaiboT of hailm he iBtmdaeea."
" AST. 9i. The dale of the tnattaioa for land* eonsti-
Mn an iariotihte law, for the right of property and legal
>; should any oae throogn rnor. or br mbaeaaent
. i. ontR hail Miafhi M aaMker, beihal ur
: to it, farther thaa a p«l'erv ncr m raw of sale, at
0np current price."
« tlx. ® Ml the ineliuimim of husbandry, machinery,
■1 other uinxito that are introduced by the catrnHMn lor
their aae. at the tin*, of their coming to the eosptre, thai be
free, a* alas the merrhamtise intrrxloeM by each lamihr to
the aamuut of iwo ihowaad dollars."
Theae are a few extracts from the general colon-
ization laws of Mexico. Liberal as they were, all
tiie special legislation for California was stiU more
ao, and the local oulhonties being vested with ab-
solute power to make grants, and give the com-
piete legal title to anv quantity not exceeding
tirr** mtim; white the General Governmentgrant-
ed without limit. Thus, Jones's Report, pages
4, i, under the head of direction for distributing
- lands in the Cabfornias:
" The directions were very simple. They (rave the Gov
anon of the TmiMin the exehtsue faculty of making,
graats within the tam of the law, thai ia, to the extent of
eleven league*, or to iiuhnoaab; and mloiiizatkm
fraat«, fnnre |adp ily romtrarlt,) that it, crant* of larger
uaeta, to nynartor. or peraom who nhoold sndertake, for
a eonadsrauaa la land, to trine bnuiiea to the country for
fee purpose of eolonizatioa. Uranu of the description,
that is, to &iwliea or «in(|e perMW, and not exceeding
eteren tiUat, were ' no) to be held definitely valid' nntil
•aaetumed by the Territorial Deflation. Thoae of the
arcoad daaa, thnt i«, tairmtie or eotoniaOon grantK, (or
etmnctt,) reqnired a like mctua by the Supreme (iov-
mmrat. In e e tlie cnnciirrenre or the bepntatkm waa
refmeH tn a jrant of the flnrt mentioned dam, the Governor
aboald appeal in favor of the grantee, from the Amembiy to
the f^aprerae itormaeM,"
The large grams, of which the public has heard
so much, were also a subject of inquiry committed
to Mr. Jones; and his report greatly diminishes
the expectation* excited, and brings down nearly
all these immense principalities to the ordinaij
mat of eleven square leagues, and usually made
before there was any apprehension that California
would become American property; that is to say,
before the Winter of lB45-'4fi, wrcen the return of
Colonel Frfmont with his topographical party, and
the prospect of war between the United States and
Mexieo first sprend that alarm. Ot' theae so-called :
large grants, Mr Jones, at pages 9#-*3, thus |
speaks: 1
" I ittd not And ia the archives of California any ret-md
of targe eranta, in the *ei e I ««ppme the term to be here
uaed- There ari> a number of grant* to the lull extent of
the privilege accorded by Ian* to individual roiicegsiona,
sud of the auttioril\ ot the local gorernment to make, inde-
pendent of the t euiral Government— to wit, of eleven nhoi,
or league* aqtiare.
'• There are understood, in the country, however, to be
large claims, reputed to be founded on granU direct iVoni
the Meitcan Gowrnincnt—one heltl b> Captniu Sutter, an.
other b) General Vallejo. The archive# (at lar n« I could
dueover) only abow that Sutter received, on the
l"<lh of July, 1&41, IVoiii Governor Alvaradu,the usunl grant
ul rlerea nliu, on the river Sacrameutn, and tlih it till I
aKcertained. The archives hlienne show that General
Vallejo rceeivrd froui Go\ eraor Miclieliorrcna, on the ^tl
Uetober, IS43, a graat ot ten nitioa, called ' Petalitma,' In
the clt-tre-t in' Sonoiua; and I was inlunned by a re-|ieei-
ahle gentleman in California that General V. hail likewise a
graat I'roui the Mexican Government, given for a valMabk
eotuideration, of a large tract known by the name of • So*-
col,' and including the iite of the present town of Benicia,
tound*ii by Me#«rs. Vallejo and Semple, in the mrail-i of
Carquiiiez. II i* alto rvputeil tliat the name gantleinau
ha> extensive riainm in the valley ol' Sonoma and Siiitnn
bay. It appear* from documents which General Vallejo
canned to be pnblulied in the newspaper* of California in
W4J, that he waa deputed, in tlie year 1K35, by General
Figueraa, to ftmnd a •ettlement in the vall< > of Sonoma,
' with the okjvct of arresting the progrma of the Riusiau
•eolemeata ot Bodega and Rom.' General Vallejo wan at
that tune military commander of the northern fron-
tier. He afterward.-*, (in 1H35,> l > virtue of a revolutKm
which oe« mrwl ia that year in Ualilimia, became nnlitao
r HillaiiwlBill of the departiueat—the civil and military gov-
ernment being by tlie Mine act ditidetl—to winch olhcc he
was confirmed in 1<*< by the Supreme Government.
••Tlie ihllowing eTtmct from Governor Kirneroa's in-
•oactKias id him, will show the extent of General \ tllejo V
powers, aa agent for colonising the North:
•• • Voa are empowered to solicit families ia all tbe terri-
tory and other States of tbe Mexican Republic, in order to
eokmixc the northern fttmtier*. granting laliil- to all per-
aoaa who way wish to establish themselves there,BiHl ttio«e
grants shall be coiiHnued to then by tbe Territorial Gov-
ernment, whenever the grantees shall apply therafor; tbe
title which they obtain In mi you serving them in the mean-
am* as a sufllcieMguanuHeeja* you are the only individual
authorized by the superior authority to concede lands in
the frontier under your charge. The Supreme Government
of the Territory is convinced that you are the onlj officer
to whom so' great an enterprise can be iiitrn-tcd; and in
order that it may be accomplished in a certain manner, it ia
willing to detrav the neeesaary expense* to that end.'
"An official letter to General Vallejo from the Depart-
ment of War and Marine, dated at Mexico, f>th August,
1*09. expresses approbation of what had hitherto been
done tn establishing the colony, and the desire that the set- ,
dements should con tin ue lo increase ' until they should be
so stroog as to be respected not only by the Indian tnbes,
bat also by the establishments of tlie foreigners who should
attempt to invade that valuable region.'
"There is but one grant that i could learn of which
covers any portion of the gold mines. Previous to the oc-
cupation of the country by the Americaiu, tne |«rts nAw
known as the Goid Region were' infested with the wild
Indian?, and no atlein|>t-i made to settle there. The grant
that I refer lo was made by Governor Micbetlorrena to Don
J a an B. Alvarsdo, in February, 1R44, and is called the
Mtrrifotat, bewg situated on tbe Mariposas creek, and be-
tween the Sierra Nevada and the river Joaqmn, and com-
prises ten sttfof, or leagues square, conceded, as the grant
expresses, 'in cniMderatioa of (be public services' of the
grantee. It wss purchased from the grautee (Alvarado) in
February, 1847, by Thomas O. Larktn, Esq., for Mr. J. C.
Fremont, and is now owned by that Rentlcman."'
Thus diminishes tlie " gtupendoug grants" to
defnuid the United States, of which so much has
been heard. Almoet every one of which a record
can be found, dwindled down to n common eleven
league grant, and made before a change of govern-
ment was dreamed of, and in places where it was
worth lives to undertake to settle tlient—places
over which the wild and sax age Indians held do-
minion. Of this kind was General Vallejo's grant
north of the Bay of San Francisco, from tlie Gov-
ernor-General in 1843; and of the same kind was
then the ten leagues grant to the ex-deputy Gov-
ernor Alvarado, by tne same Gox-ernor-€Seneral ill
1844, in the valley ol the San Joaquin, and of i
which Colonel Fremont, through an agent, became
the purchaser in 1847. But few people could be
prevailed on to accept such grants, on account of
the danger of settling them, and on that account
some contained a dispensation, from immediate set-
tlement. Of this kind wss the Mariposas grant;
and so great was this danger in relation to that
grant, that, even in 1849, when Mr. Fremont went
to take possession, six men were killed upon it
the first night he slept there—not of his party, but
of another camp less vigilant and experienced.
There is some gold upon it, though he knew
nothing of it; and it mignt have been a bed of sand;
for that valley has much sand. It was bought for
a cattle lami, mid was merely bought by the agent
under a general direction to purchase a rant ho, and
becauso Tie luul failed to obtain the one indicated
in niiotUer place, and where there is no gold and
no Indians. When Mr. FrPmont returnee^ lo Cali-
fornia, after beint; required by his honor to quit
the army, il was to colonize this grant, in company
with his old comrades of the mountains, and to live
a retired life there. For that purpose he shipped
from New York all the necessary agricultural
implements, grist and saw mill irons inclusive, to
go round by Cupe Horn, while with the old com-
rades who adhered to him lie undertook to com-
plete his last line of exploration across the conti-
nent with a view to the location of the great national
central highway from the Mississippi to the Pa-
cific ocean. The mistake of n guide—not one of
his old comrades—balked thnt expedition; but the
agricultural implements went round, and on ar-
riving, the unexpected revelation of golden treas-
ures caused them to be laid aside for mining tools.
This is the Mariposa (Butterfly) farm, as it was
bought lo be—the Marijiosas mine, as it turns out
to be—lield under tbe same authority under which
General Vallejo holds what is to be the capital of
California; anil in defence of which Mr. Fremont
is ready to run the gauntlet of all tlie lawsuits pro-
vided lor in the substitute bill, but is not willing
to see others subjected to the same calamitous
process.
1 said yesterday, and I have made it appear to-
day, that there was both a local Californian au-
thority, and a Mexican or Spanish general author-
ity, to grant distributions of land in California.
Tliis is now proved. I said also that the distri-
bution of lands in California was taken out of the
general land system, first of Spain, and then of
Mexico; thnt it was specially exempted, and that
in ihe preamble to the Ordinance of 1786—the
ordinance creating twelve Inlendeneiti for the ad-
ministration of the crowu lands in New Spain,
and under which system Morales waa the first,
and perhaps the last, for the Intendency of Lou-
isiana. California was specially exempted from
the operation of that ordinance, and it will be re-
troactive, and illegal and unjust to apply it to her
now. I also said that the grants within the limits
of their authority by the local officers of Califor-
nia, were complete within themselves—became
full legal titles without further confirmation by the
mother or central government—and that to arraign
themi s to arraign legal titles, dating from before
the era of our independence, and destroying prop-
erty of one, two, and three generations posses-
sion under lawful titles. I now make good this
|mint—that these local grants were "legal" titles.
I cjuote from Joues's Report, page 6, under the
inquiry into perfect titles:
" There were not, as (hr as I could learn, any regular sur-
veys made of grants in California, up to the time of tlie ces-
sation of tbe former Government, There was no public or
authorized .surveyor in the country. The grants usually
contai lied a direction that the grantee should receive judicial
possession of tbe land ' from the proper magistrate (usually
tlie nearest alcalde) in virtue ot tlie grant;' and that the
boundaries of the tract should then be designated by that
functionary with ' suitable landmarks.' Rut this injunction
was usually complied with only by procuring the attend-
ance of tbe magistrate, to give judicial possession according
to tlie verbal description contained in the grant. Home of
the old grants have been subsequendy surveyed, as I was
informed, by a surveyor under appointment of Col. Mason,
acting as Governor of California- 1 did not see any official
record of such surveys, or understand that there waa any.
The ' perfecting of the title' I suppose to have been accent
plishrd vhen the grant received the concurrence of the *0t-
tembly ; all prociiinni of the law, and of the colonization
regulation* of the Supreme Government, prereqvitilet to
the title being * definitively valid,' having been then ful-
filled. Their, / thtnk, mutt be counted complete tiilet.''
Now, the whole of the grants in California
granted before the conquest come under two
classes as to their origin—a few, and but a few, de-
rived from the supreme central or mpther authority;
and th%y, of course, are «' legal" grants; the mass
of them were granted by the local authorities un-
der legal regulations, and are divided into munici-
pal and rural grants; and these are " legal" titles
by the act of the provincial or territorial authori-
ties alone. And now these " legal" grants are all
to be impeached in mass—all held to be invalid
until the contrary is proved—all subjected, if the
substitute bill passes, to three sets of lawsuits to
try their validity.
The missions are separate grants, all derived
from the supreme authority, and most, of them
