1650.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
53
31st Cong 2d Sess.
California Land Titles—Mr. Gttrin.
Senate.
erty. Those who are actually pursued through
the three courts will be actually ruined by ex-
penses and delays: those who escape the appeal
to the Supreme Court will still have their alarms
and disquietudes until the danger has all passed
by; and that may be a term of years. In the
mean time, the bare passage of the act discredits all
the titles of the country—reduces the selling value
of all real estate—ana paralyzes the industry of
the people. It is a crime against one man to dis-
turb him unjustly about his property: it is apub-
lic crime so to disturb a whole community. They
are no longer able to fulfill their public duties to
their country, or their private duties to their fami-
lies, while sick at heart for the safety of their
property. And how long is this agony to con-,
tinue? Until the seven or more years would
elapse which it would require to carry the suits
through all the courts.
I said yesterday, and I repeat it to-day, that
since the barbarous times of William, the Norman
conqueror, there has been no general confiscation
of the landed property of a country—that in this
civilized age no conqueror impeaches or disturbs
the landed titles of a conquered country—that no'
treaty permits it—and that no people should sub-
mit to such impeachment but those who are too 1
weak to resist. Our treaty with Mexico secures
to every inhabitant of the ceded countries "the
ffte enjoyment of his property." How is that enjoy-
ment to be free, or even to be enjoyment at all,
by a Government, through successive courts of its
which is impeached by a Government, and pursued
own creation, to invalidate and destroy them? The
treaty guaranties to all the inhabitants who choose
to leave the conquered countries the privilege of
selling their property. What kind of sales can
they make of lands which are subject to three law-
suits, conducted by a Government, and in its own
courts? The French arid the Spanish itre prover-
bially afraid of lawsuits. All such, except a few
of great possessions, must think of giving up all
at the first summons to appear before the formida-
ble commissioners. But it is not the conquered
alone, but the conquerors also that are to suffer. |
The Americans of the valley of the Sacramento |
were the true conquerers of California. They j
constituted the strength of Fremont's battalion, :
and have received no pay to this day for their ser-
vices. And now we propose to put them to the
defence of the homes which the California and
Mexican Governments gave them! And, if we
succeed in taking it from them, pass it all off at
two strokes of the "pen to the assignees of a new
batch—a new issue of an hundred millions—of
land warrants!
CALIFORNIA LAND TITLES.
SPEECH oFMR. GWIN,
of california,
Ik Senate, Thursday, January 2, 1851,
On Land Titles in California and in reply to Mr.
Benton.
On motion by Mr. GWIN, the Senate resumed
the consideration of the " bill to ascertain and set-
tle the private land claims in the State of Califor-
nia;" the pending question being on the substitute !
offered by Mr. Gwin, as follows: i
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert the fol-
lowing:
That Tor die purpose of ascertaining and settling the pri-
vate land claims in the State of California, three commis-
sioners shall be appointed by the Presidenwby and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, who shfni hold their ses-
sions at such times and at such places as the President shall
direct.
Sec. 2. And he it further enacted, That all persons claim-
ing lands in California by virtue of any right or title derived
from the Spanish or Mexican Government previous to the
7th day of July, eighteen hundred and forty-six, shall pre-
sent the same to the said commissioners when sitting as a
board, who shall proceed to examine the same when ready
for bearing, and shall decide whether the same is valid or
invalid. And the district attorney for the proper district
shall appear before the commissioners, and attend to the
several claims in behalf of the United States, for which he
shall be allowed a reasonable compensation. And the mar-
shal of the district, when the board is in session, shall ap-
point a deputy marshal to attend upon the same, for which
he shall receive the same compensation as is allowed to the
marshal for bis attendance upon the district court of his dis-
trict. • |
Sec. 3. .Ind be it further enacted, That in deciding Hie
question of validity or invalidity of said claims, the bohrd I
of commusionereshall be governed by the treaty of Gua- '
dalupe Hidalgo, the law of nations, the laws, usages, and
customs of the Government from which the claim is de-
rived, the decisions of the Supreme Court of the United
States ao far as they apply, and the law of prescription in
favor of possessory rights as applicable to individuals.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That all testimony in
relation to such claims shall be taken in writing, and pre-
served recorded in bound books; and fbr the purpose of
taking such testimony, the board itself when in session, or
either commissioner at his chambers, or the secretary of the
board hereinafter provided fbr, shall be authorized to ad-
minister oaths, to examine and cross-examine witnesses, to
file the evidence with the secretary of the board to be used
when the case comes on for a hearing, the claimant or dis-
trict attorney always having due notice of taking such tes-
timony when not done at bis own instance.
Sec. 5. And be itfurther enacted, That the said commis-
sioners shall be allowed each six thousand dollars per an-
num, and twenty cents a mile for their necessary traveling
in the discharge of their duties.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the said commis-
sioners shall appoint a secretary skilled in the Spanish and
English languages, and such clerks as may be necessary,
not to exceed five in number, and said secretary shall make
up the proceedings of the board, and act as interpreter, and
be allowed three thousand dollars a year, and twenty cents
a mile for necessary traveling, and the fees of office herein-
after established; and the said clerks shall be allowed,
each, fifteen hundred dollars a year.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That in all cases of
rejection or confirmation of any claim by the board of com-
missioners, it shall and may be lawful for the claimant or
the United States to present a petition to the district court
of the proper district, setting lorth fully the nature of the
claim, names of original and present claimants, with the
derailment of title, accompanied by a transcript of the re-
port of the boagd of commissioners, and of the papers on
which it was founded; and it shall thereupon, and at the
next ensuing term of the district court aforesaid, be the duty
of the said court to render a judgment, and upon the appli-
cation of the party against whom judgment is rendered, grant
an appeal to the Supreme Court of the United States, and
the said Supreme Court of the United States shall there-
upon proceed finally to adjudicate such claims, according
to the principles, so far as they are applicable, which are
recognized in the act of Congress approved twenty-six
May, eighteen hundred and twenty-tour, entitled "An
act enabling the claimants to lands within the limits of the
State of Missouri and Territory of Arkansas to institute pro-
ceedings to try the validity of their claims:" Provided,
however. That notice of the intention to file such petition
shall be entered on the journal of said commissioners with-
in twenty days after such decision, and such petition shall
be filed in the district court within six months from the
date of the decision of the tribunal aforesaid. And all lands
covered by the claims which may be finally rejected by said
court, or not brought before the said court, or prosecuted
within the period of two years, shall be treated as part of
the public domain; and for all claims finally confirmed,
either by the tribunal or court aforesaid, patents shall issue
upon the rendition to the General Land Office of a plat of
survey, duly approved and certified by the surveyor gen-
eral.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the surveyor
general of California shall cause all private claims which
may be finally confirmed, to be surveyed; and in the loca-
tion of these claims he shall have the same power and au-
thority that are conferred on the land offices of Louisiana
by the sixth section of the act to create the office of sur-
veyor of the public lands for the State of Louisiana," ap-
proved third of March, eighteen hundred and thirty-one.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted,That the decisions in
favor of a claim shall in all cases inure to the benefit of
the present lawful owner thereof; but no deraignment of
intermediate title need be proved, but only alleged. And
any person claiming adversely may file a caveat against tbe
issuance of a patent to his prejudice, until the contested
right is duly decided in a court of justice; but such caveat
shall have no effect upon the progress of the claim to final
decision.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the board to ascertain and report to tbe Secretary of
the Interior the nature of the claims to town lots or other
lands, if any such there be, not embraced by the foregoing
E revisions of this act; and also the character of the tenure
y which the mission lands are held and those held by civ-
ilized Indians, or those who are engaged in labor, agricul-
ture, See., and also those which are occupied and cultivated
by Pueblos or Rancheros Indians.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That the secretary
of the board shall receive no fee excepting for recording
papers and for giving out copies; and for such recording
and copying he shall be allowed twenty cents for every
hundred words, one half to the assistant clerk.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, I will state briefly
my reasons for proposing this amendment. In
the first place, the act of 23d May, 1828, revives
the act of the 26th May, 1824, passed in reference
to land claims in Missouri and Arkansas. This
bill provides, in the seventh section, that the Su-
preme Court, in acting on cases taken to that tri-
bunal, shall be governed by the principles of the
act of 16th May, 1824, so far as they are applica-
ble. I wish also the action of the Commissioners
and the District Court, as well as the Supreme
Court, to be in accordance with the principles of
this act, so far as they are applicable. But there is
another important provision in the act of 23d May,
1828, whicn I wish to have revived and enforced
before the Board of Commissioners and District
Courts, in part repealing portions of the act of
26th May, 1824, and also extending the power
conferred by it. These provisions are contained
in sections eight, nine, and eleven of the law.
Section eight repeals the onerous provisions of
the law of 1824, which required the claimant to
pay the costs of appeal when the decision given
was in liis favor; also, that portion of the law re-
quiring " claimants to make adverse claimants par-
ties to their suits, or to show the court what ad-
verse claimants there may be to the land claimed
by the United States." Section nine limits the ap-
peal to claims that exceed a league square, unless
the Attorney General thinks the decision of the
court below to be erroneous. Section eleven
makes it lawful for the President to employ as-
sistant counsel, if in his opinion the publie interest
shall require it. This I consider a very necessary
provision of this bill, when we take into consider-
ation the immense amount in issue in some of the
claims that we know will be contested. The ablest
counsel in America will be employed by the claim-
ant, and the district attorney may find it impossi-
ble to do justice to the interests of the United
States in these cases, and perform the other indis-
pensable duties of his office. It is a discretionary
power given to the President, and he will be re-
sponsible if he exercises it without necessity, thus
increasing the public expense.
Mr. BENTON said that he proposed to offer an
amendment to the bill which had been presented
by the Senator from California, which amendment
was to strike out the whole of that bill, and sub-
stitute a totally different system. And Mr. B.
submitted some remarks in explanation of his
amendment, (as heretofore published.) When he
concluded—
Mr. GWIN said: Mr. President, when I called
up this bill a few days ago, the Senator from Mis-
souri [Mr. Bentonj is reported to have made the
following statement:
" Upon looking into the amendment, I believe that when
the time comes that there is a full Senate—for the bill re-
Suires a full Senate to attend to it—I shall be able to show
tat the effect of the bill will be to violate our treaty with
Mexico; to violate the law of nations; to violate the proc-
lamation of Commodere Stockton ; to violate the capitula-
tion of Monterey; and the effect of it will be to despoil tbe
old inhabitants of California of their lands."
The Senator in his speech to-day has proceeded
to substantiate these charges against the bill, with
what success I will leave to the Senate and the
country to decide after the discussion closes.
Before proceeding to reply to the Senator's re-
marks, I wish to call the attention of the Senate
to the personal bearing of the charges brought
against the bill by the Senator in the extract I
have read. The amendment to my colleague's
[Mr. Fremont's] bill, adopted by the Senate in
Committee of the Whole, and now before us for
our action, was presented by me after full con-
sultation with my colleagues in the other House,
[Messrs. Gilbert and Wright.) It therefore
presents the views of the delegation from Califor-
nia, except my colleague, [Mr. Fremont,] and
for the principles it embodies we are responsible
to our constituents and to the country. It may be
proper to remark, that prior to our election my
colleagues [Messrs. Wright and Gilbert] and
myself declared our opinions in favor of this mode
of settling private land claims in California, and
especially that important provision granting both
the claimant and the United States the right of ap-
peal for final adjudication to the Supreme Court of
theUnited States. These were our opinions openly
and boldly avowed before we were elected. What
was the opinion of my colleague [Mr. Fremont]
before his election,may be inferred by the follow-
ing extract from a letter addressed by him to his
gersonal and political friend, Major Jacob R.
nyder, which was freely circulated among the
members of the Legislature and through the coun-
try before the Senatorial election took place:
" I regard the claim to the Mariposa in the same light as
any other vested right. It was a purchase fairly made, and
I have always supposed that at some future time tbe valid-
ity of the claim would be settled by the proper courts, and
I am satisfied to await that decision, whether it be favor-
able or otherwise, and in the mean lime leave the gold, as
it is now, free to all who have the industry tp collect it."
There were a number of candidates for the Sen-
ate and House of Representatives, every one of
whom, so far as I know, was in favor of the prin-
ciple of leaving the final adjudication of private
land claims in that country to the Supreme Court
of the United States. There may have been some
difference of opinion as to the preliminary pro-
