54
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 8,
81st Cong 2d Sess.
California Land Titles—Mr. Gwin.
Senate.
eeedings, whether they should take place before
a board of commissioners or the district courts,
but none, so for as I know or believe, as to the
tribunal where they were to be finally acted on.
I have made this statement, Mr. President, to
show that the indictment filed by the Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Benton-] against this bill covers
broad ground ill California, and arraigns nearly
all, if not every man in the State, who aspired to
a seat in Congress on the organization of t lie State
Government. And, sir, I go further, and say, sn
far as my knowledge extends, the landholders of
that country desire this mode of giving them a final
and speedy adjustment of their claims. There
may be exceptions, but I have not met with them,
and I freely canvassed the State to ascertain, as
far as I could, the opinions of those interested in
the subject. One of the largest landholders in
California, and probably as deeply interested, in a
pecuniary point of view, in these land claims as
any man in the State, has had frequent interviews
with me since I brought this bill before the Sen-
ate, and has declared his unequivocal preference
for it over that of my colleague. I made some im-
material amendments to the bill at his suggestion,
and no man more anxiously desires its passage
than he does. He says, what every man who
knows anything of public sentiment in California
must say, that no board of commissioners whose
decisions in favor of land claimants in that coun-
try would be final, could command public, confi-
dence, no matter how distinguished its members
may be for learning, talents, and integrity. It
would be impossible for the decisions of such a
tribunal, if favorable to the large contested claims,
to be carried into effect without bloodshed. There
is not power enough in this Government to enforce
such decisions in that country. Sir, the Senator
says this bill " despoils the old inhabitants of Cal-
ifornia of their lands." By whom is this charge
made? By a Senator representing a State far re-
moved from California, who is in no way respon-
sible to the people of that State for his acts. And
against whom is brought this heavy charge of de-
spoiling a portion of the people of that State of
their lands ? The entire delegation from California
in the other House and one of her representatives
here. Sir, I do not profess to -be very familiar
with the history of parliamentary proceedings in '
this body, but I venture to say that never before !
in the histoiy of the Government has the delega- I
tion from a otate been thus charged by a member {
of either House of Congress with a breach of
treaty obligations and the law of nations, the re-
sult of whieh was the despoiling of a portion of
their constituents of their property. This will be
the commencement of a new era in our Congres- j
sional history, and hereafter it will be the practice, i
if this precedent is adopted, for Congressional dele-
gations to be arraigned by those representing other
portions of the Confederacy, and charged with the
travest offences against their own constituents,
lembers of Congress have been accused of ask-
ing for their constituents more than Congress
thought them entitled to, but this is the first in-
stance within my knowledge that they have been
charged with despoiling their constituents to enrich
the General Government.
The position of the delegation from a new State
is at all times delicate, and their duties arduous.
They, if any members of Congress, are entitled to
have extended to them the generous confidence of
their associates. Forced by the necessities of their
State to bring forward many and important meas- I
ures, the passage of which are essential to the
prosperity of their constituents, and subjected to
be assailed at home by jealous rivals and persons
whose private interests may clash with the legis-
lation for the benefit of the State at Targe: charged
with doing too little by some, and too much by
others; and, no matter how pure their motives, ,
falsely assailed by base and unscrupulous calum-
niators with legislating for their own benefit, a
member of Congress from a State just admitted
into the Union has to pass through an ordeal that
no man can appreciate until he tries it. I do not I
wish to be understood as complaining of the '
e ??alnst my colleagues and myself
mept  nHenac01 >°m Mi'ssolm- 1 am prepared to
sentafivp nf 6m' 1 am not here thc repre- !
Srnia PorUon °f the P^Ie of j
rma-the land owners, or those who have 'I
| no land. I represent the State as a whole, and I
i intend, to the best of my ability, to do justice to
every portion of my constituents. The land chum-
ants shall have full and ample justice at my hands.
They shall have, so far as it is in my power to
give it to them, the full benefit of the treaty of
Guadalupe Hidalgo, and the usageB and customs
of the Governments by whom these claims were
granted. Like other citizens of our country, they
must abide by the decisions of our judicial tribu-
nals, and if their claims are founded in justice
they have nothing to fear.
1 shall now proceed to examine the arguments
of the Senator from Missouri, and ask of theSen-
ate an impartial decision between us. To most of
| us who have turned our attention to the subject
of land titles in California, the argument of the
; Senator to-day are quite familiar. This is not
the first time he has used them here. Near three
I years ago a similar train of argument was used
by him in opposition to a bill introduced by the
chairman of the Committee on Public Lands. At
: the last session he was stopped in the midst, no,
thc beginning, of a similar argument by the hour
of adjournment, which postponed the passage of
the bill to settle these claims to this session, al-
though California was suffering for the want of it
then.
The Senator from Missouri, no doubt from a
conscientious discharge of his duty, has, in my
j opinion, interposed more obstacles to the settle-
I ment of land claims in California than any or pvery
' other member of either House of Congress. He
! has defeated every bill that has heretofore been
II brought before the Senate on this subject. If he
| had, with his great experience and acknowledged
talents, three years ago, aided in perfecting the bill
, from the Committee on the Public Lands, instead
of visiting it with his fierce denunciation, it might
tlien have been passed, and most, if not all, of
the California land claims would have been settled
■ forever, to the incalculable benefit of the people of
, that country: and the same may be said of this
bill, defeated by him at the last session. I hope
it will not meet with the same fate now, and that
, the Senate will proceed to discharge its duty to the
; country by the passage of this or some other meas-
' lire) by the operation of which these land claims
j may be finally settled, and the people of California
' may know what portion of that country belongs
to private individuals, and what portion is public
: domain.
I Mr. Gwin then moved to postpone the further
] consideration of the bill, which motion, was agreed
j to.
Wednesday, January 8, 1851.
The subject coming up again for consideration
i on this day—
Mr. GWIN said: Mr. President, it is fortunate
for me that I am not required to prepare an argu-
ment of my own in support of this bill. It is
prepared, and ready for my use, and I am only
required to read it to the Senate.
There is no claim to originality in this bill. X
claim no credit for originating a single provision of
it. It is based upon expositions of treaty obliga-
tions to protect private property, and guard against
frauds upon the Government as land owner in de-
' Tu'Tf'11111 Supreme Court of the United States.
Ihis bill is framed in accordance with the decis-
ions of that distinguished tribunal, whose authority
umv:er8ally respected. We look in vain amongst
these decisions for authority to sustain the allega-
tl?nls ?&ain.st l'"s bill—that it violates the treaty
with Mexico, the law of nations, or the laws,
usages, and customs of the governments that
granted these claims. We look in vain among
those decisions for authority to sustain the fierce
denunciations that have been heaped upon this Gov-
ernment for the system adopted to settle land claims
: in the countries ceded by France and Spain. If
this system is as monstrous as it has been repre-
sented, how has it escaped the censure of this au-
gust tribunal? But I will say no more on this sub-
jtlc.u b"1 pr°ceed to the examination of the origin
of the California land claims. A brief description
of their origin may be necessary, to show the
adaptation of this bill to the wants of the country
in the settlement of these claims. I shall rely for
authority on this point principally upon the able
report on California land claims made by Captain
Halleck, of the United States Army, while acting
. as Secretary of State under the de facto govern-
! ment of California, and the documents that accom-
j| pany that report. It was made to the acting
j Governor, Colonel Mason, on the first of March
j, 1849. '
Before I proceed to read from the report of Cap-
tain Halleck, I will call the attention of the Senate
to what the Senator from Missouri said in com-
menting on this bill:
" But the substitute which is before us goes the whole
length of running thc gauntlet of all three trials. And what
must he the result? It must be that the claimant, except
in pome great cases, and cases in which probably some
American is arraigned—so much are the French and Spanish
afraid of lawsuits—that the parties will surrender their
claims rather than undertake to pursue them through three
lawsuits. I have deemed it particularly hard to apply these
principles to any people, and especially to the people of
California, who were induced by the most liberal assistance
on the part of the Crown of Spain to go there and accept
these lands as a gracious gift. The people were induced to
go there, sir, and accept these lands as a gracious gift; they
i were offered great inducements to accept of them.
" Now, sir, these people, after having been induced to
| ' acccpt these lands as a gracious gift, after having been paid
to acccpt the in, and being exempt from contributions for
several years, in thc course of events fall under the do-
minion of the United States incontinently, and at thc same
moment when we with two strokes of the pen pass off
ninety-five millions of acres of public land—call it a hun-
dred millions—equal to four States as large as the State ot
Ohio, all gone in two acts—at this moment these threefold
trials are to be brought against the people of California, to
take away the lands which they were induced to accept
from the Crown of Spain." * * * * *
" And he, an American, who has some knowledge of the
,! rights themselves, is to be brought up, and what  c said
with respect to Ms own property is to be brought up as a
1 reason why the people of California shall be dragged through
three suits at law, and brought here to the Supreme Court
of thc United States in order to defend the land which the
King of Spain induced them and paid them to accept three
j quarters of a eentnry ago.''
Now, sir, let us examine the claims that were
granted by the Crown of Spain, which it is alleged
are to run the gauntlet of three lawsuits. These
claims are described as follows by Captain Halleck,
with all the official papers before him, to which he
refers for his authority, and publishes them with
his report:
( Laws and regulations governing grants or sales of
! jntblic lands in Calijbrnia.
! i The first authority for granting land in Upper California
| is contained in the Viceroy's instructions to theComman-
t dant of thc new establishments of " San Diego and Mon-
terey "dated August 17,1773. By articles 12,13,14, and
lo of these instructions, the Commandant is empowered
: both to designate common lands and to grant titles to indi-
j I viduals, whether Indians or new settlers, in th£ vicinity of
the missions or pueblos. He might also, if fie deemed it
, expedient, change any mission into a pueblo, and subject it
j to the same civil and economical laws as governed the other
pueblos of the kingdom.—Vide Appendix No. 1.
On the 91st of September, 1774, the Viceroy wrote to the
commandant in Upper California granting permission to the
, soldiers of thc garrison to marry the baptized Indian girls of
! the mission, and authorizing tile assignment of lands to the
| soldiers so marrying. The first grant of thi* kind was that
of a piece of land in Carmal Valley, of one hundred and
forty yaras, to Manual Butron, who had married an Indian
girl of the mission of San Carlos.
In order better to carry out the wishes of the Spanish
Government in reference to the establishment-of depots of
provisions, &c., in Upper California for refreshing the Span-
ish vessels from the Bast Indies, and to fumish suppHe to
the garrison of the presidios, directions were sent by the
Viceroy to Governor Neve in June, 1777, to establish two
pueblos, one on the " Hio Guadalupe" and the other on the
Rio Porcmculo, and to portion out ground to the new vobla
dorcs, or colonists.
Oni thc I st ot June, 1779, the Governor drew up a new
set ot regulations for the government of California, which
i7ai aPPrc;l't'd >2' tlie King in a royal order of October 24,
/ ■ ltIe fo*een of these regulations contains instruc-
tions respecting colonization and the government of the
s* poblador was to receive a bounty of
$116 44 per annum for the first two years, and ;jf60 per an-
num for the next three years; and also was to have the
loan ot horses, mules, cattle, farming utensils, &c. The
streets,squares, municipal and common lands of the pue-
blos, and the solares, or house lots, and iuertct ot sewing
lands of the pobladores, were to be designated by the Gov-
ernment.
Discharged soldiers were to receive building and planting
lots the same as the-colonists. All the pobladores were to
possess the right of pasturing their cattle and of cutting wood
on tlie common lands of the pueblos. Certain conditions
were to be attached to these grants of land, such as the
building of houses, planting of trees, &c., within a speci-
fied period of time.— Vide Appendix No. 2.
These regulations, with slight modifications,
have formed the basis of the laws which have ever
I since governed the pueblos of California.
On the 22d of October, 1791, orders were sent to Govern
