1861.}
31st Cong Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
:5
California Land Titles—Mr. Gwm.
Senate.
or K'««b i the eiptaius «if the pmadiua to grant
H«iiiw Wt adl Mh to the nMim
k««  «!♦' I"* ut !Wt> wwiiiKm Itafiwi, la f\fiy
ttoretttr? of erch pre<Md>o tqiiarY-—I
V#. 't
These ti* the Spaniah grants for which the Sen-
ator ptMili so fMui^r; and w hat ut they ? Pue-
blo and immion lots-, privileges of grazing ami
cuittiijg *i -h1. Mot a stogie large contested claim
in Cahfor mi, *> far .vs I have heen able to ascer-
tain, ever unanatrd from the Government ol'Spaii).
The Yilbp' md ntiaaion titles,ant) perhaps others,
•rtginatfd with that Government; and what does
ib* hill brt'.n* the Senate propose to do with the
fbnivr; The 10th section of the bill provides:
" That H h.\ll be the duty of tb< board M ascertain and
report to tk Secretary of thr Interior the nature of the
■ buna b > ti tou uf <>tli. r land*. if any *uch there be, not
b- !V f<utf«i| provision* ui" thu aet; and ilwi
ili« charm-It r ut' the Iruort b> wtuch the biwiuu land** irr
bet4 5lul tb"*r !vM b> rm'i*ed 1 mtia^5, or th >se who an-
engaged m labtx, agncalture. lu-., anal also thoie   hich
are turnpcd and culntated by Ptieblos or Ranchrrvj In
liiaiM."
This u the fiery or-ieal dticnbeJ by the Sena-
tor through which these Spanish claims are to
pus. They are to be reported upon to the Secre-
tary of th  Interior, the people not to be disturbed
ib their rights or pMNtnoat, not to be frightened
oat of their wits, as the Senator intimates, or
driven by our oppression to abandon their hones,
and Kelt protection and other lands under the pa-
trrmt Government of Spain; a Government which
has swept like a pestilence over the fairest por-
tions of America; whose officers wore the robbers
of this continent; who spread devastation by fire
and sword everywhere they went. And why
driven front our country to seek sorh an asylum
Because tlii* board is to inquire into the tenure by
which they hold their dosmbkhm, and report to
the Seeretvy of the Interior. And what then:
Why, upon his examination and recommenda-
tion,' Congress will confirm every M* of them
that was Imnestly and fairly obtained, the parties
remaining in the mean time in quiet an$l undis-
turbed pKWmon of their property.
But suppose the commissioners may decide
that these ctaims are " embraced by the foregoing
provision of this act." Well, what then ? They
are required, in the third section of the bill, not
only to pive these claimants the benefit of the treaty
with .Mex><-•>, the law of nations, the laws, usages,
and customs of the government from which the
•■laim is derived, but they are required to go further,
and give them the benefit of the '• law of prescrip-
tion in favor of possessory rightu, as applied to
individual-.." These are the very words of the bill.
Well, what is the law of prescription ? Ten years'
possession the parties present gives a title; twenty
yean" possession the parties absent gives title;
and thirty yean' possession, with no claim, (fives
n title. Well, sir, let us look at the history of
California for a moment, and see what effect this
law of prescription will hare upon all the land
claims derived from the Government of Spain. It
is almost ihirty years sinceCalifornia was severed
firom the Crown" of Spain; and every claim origin-
ating with that Government would be confimed
by the law of prescription introdnced into this
bin.
Now, what becomes of this charge of oppressing
the claimants under Spanish titles in California?
Scattered to the four winds of heaven! Not only
are they not oppressed, but they are most care-
fully and doubly protected. The passage of this
law confirms every one of these claims. It is only
n«cessary to show that they originated with th'c
Spanish Government, and their c^hfirmation fol-
lows as a matter of course. And I confess I had
th'« object in view when I introduced the bill.
These old Spanish claims are not in contest in
California, and neverhave been. There i< no dif-
ficulty about (hem, and will not be. It is the re-
cent grants held by a few individuals, covering an
immense extent of the most valuable portion of
the country, that we wish examined and decided
—claims where the property is now assessed at
%10,f)00,0fl0, and daily becoming more valuable—
claims about the raliaity of which there is great
difference of opinion; and fierce and bloody col-
li'ion* have grown out of these different opinions.
We wi?,h thest settled, and by the highest judicial
tribunal in the country— a decision by which all
mu«f and will abide.
Mr. President, I conceive it to be my duty to
notice other portions of the speech of the Senator
firoui Missouri on Thursday W in regard to the
ruinous effects to the interests of my constituents
that will result from the passage of tlus bill into
a law. After describing the manner in which
Spain, by munificent donations, induced colonists
to settle upon her public domain, he says:
" Now, sir, when we have got poaanatoa of naeh a peo-
ple as iku, 1h w strange It ta   Had ounelvea arraigning at
mice even title, holding every title to be a fraud against die
Catted States, until the parties (hall prove in three ditl'er-
eut court*. and one of tbeia the Supreme Court of Hie 1'iii-
ted Slate-, that thev were not frauds again*! the United
State*."
I need only repeat what I have aaid before, that
this bill arraigns no Spanish title; that it holds up
no Spanish title as a fraud against the United
States; that such titles do not have to pass through
the orde.il of three different courts, one of thein
the Supreme Court of the United States, to estab-
lish their validity. The grants made under the
Government of Spain in California, as has been
before st.ited, were principally in pueblo and mis-
sion lots. These the commissioners can confirm
outright, or, under the tenth section, report upon
them to the Secretary of the Interior, to belaid be-
fore Congress for confirmation; and in the case of
larger grants, if there be any such, the commis-
sioners are bound to confirm them, under the law
of prescription as adopted in this bill. As 1 have
stated before, and now repeat, this law of pre-
scription whs inserted in the bill to confirm every
Spanish title in California. The claimants have
only to prove that their claims originated under
the Govrmnient of Spain, and they are confirmed
as a matter of course. I never heard of a charge
of fraud against a Spanish grant. The Senator
further says:
'• >lr. Prmdnai, when iraa California aettledAbout die
tiiu** of the comneuceaient of oar Revolution. I apeak of
Upper California, dm the peninsula, which was aettlnl long
before thai day. But I npeak of that California which is
now ouis. It was settled contemporaneously with the
breaking out of our Revolution, about contrmpora i*ou*ly
with the *ettlea>eBt of Kentucky. Now, -uppoee a case
which night be analogous: suppose Kentucky had either
just bow been acqnunl by us by eer ion, or that she had
jotied us as Texas did, or that she had been ceded to us by
tome foreisn Po*it. In either case suppose any Power
should undertake to enforce upon Kentucky what we now
propose to undertake to enforce upon California, requiring
every cibzen to go before a tribunal and make good Ins title
tn bis land, and then go before another tribunal and make
it good there, and after that make him eopie before the Su-
preme Court of the United States, and if he did not make it
good in all thri><- cases, take away his land and give it to
the public. Suppose we undertake to do such a thing as
that in Kentucky- Sir, we would have a revolt in which
the uiea of Kentucky would quit these United States."
From this the inference may he drawn that the
people of Kentucky would fjmt the Union rather
than liass through the ordeoJ that the people of
California arc required tn do by this bill. Now,
sir, let me ask the Senators from Kentucky wheth-
er the citizens of that State hare not passed through
a much more fiery ordeal in the final adjudication
of land claims in that State. Was not the whole
State shingled over with conflicting claims ? Were
not ejectment suits as thick us blackberries in their
courtsVet, during these trying times to the
people of that State, we hear of no miggeatinn to
revolt or to quit the Confederacy. If it could so
liappen that Kentucky should be ceded by this
Government to a foreign Power, every land claim
in tiiat Slate would lie found of record in the coun-
ty where it is located. They have been adjudica-
ted and settled by the highest judicial tribunals of
the country, and could never be disturbed. Such
is not the case in California. But this bill pro-
poses speedily to bring about this desirable result.
And I venture to predict, if it becomes a law, that
there will not be one appeal from the tribunal that
investigates these claims where there were fifty in
the adjudication of land claimR in Kentucky. j
Again: the Senator says, " there may be a hun-
dred tlinusand people there, for aught I know,
who want the lands of the few." And again: "I
do not care how few there are who have claims
now, or how many there are who want their prop-
erty." If from this the inference may be drawn
that any portion of the people of California desire
to appropriate to themselves any land.i lawfully
granted by the Governments of Spain and Mexico,
I meet it with an unqualified contradiction. No
portion of the people of California will ever coun-
tenance a violation of the rights of property, guar- i,
antied to any portion of the inhabitants of that
country under the treaty with Mexico. . All they
desire is that some competent and impartial tribu-
nal, such as is provided for in this bill, will decide
what is private property, and it will be respected.
Again, the Senator says:
*• Mr. l'rMiilmt, I say that no people, aulew thfy are en-
tirely too weak to Sglit, would submit to what we propose,
and sonic who have betm too weak to flglit have revolted
under such circumstances; tiny, under a kliRlit suspicion
that suoli things were to be forced upon tlicui Sir, the
moat terrible revolt ever aeen in the annals of the human
race, perhaps, was that which occurred in October, 1779,
in thecit) of Cairo, a revolt against the power of the French.
That was a revolt wliicli ra«ed iliirnig four dajs, when the
French were assailed m tlieir houses, uianv ot whom were
killed, and which required the artillery force of the greatest
general iii Kunipe to quell it. What did it come from.' It
caine tVoiu mcrel) a request to the people to give in a lut
of their titles m order that they might be registered."
Sir, this is a dangerous historical reference. It
points out where the people of another nation have
revolted, for what the Senator from Missouri calls
a less proMK'ation than the people of California
will have if this bill becomes a law. These peo-
ple have lately been incorporated into the Union.
The act of cession was consummated withoutcon-
sulting them, and without their knowledge or con-
sent. They are not familiar with our institutions
or form of government. They have been subject-
ed to the iron rule of military governors, and as
yet are ignorant of the constitutional guarantees by
which their property is protected under our Gov-
ernment. They may be stimulated to revolt against
our Government by this speech. It may, and
probably will.be read by hundreds who never may
see the bill it denounces. From the distinguished
reputation of the Senator, his opinions may be
considered the true exjKJsition of the law, aim that
they will be degraded if they submit to it. In fact,
the Senator intimates us much, for he says:
"Now, if the people nf Cairo were w Call forma, and if
we proposed to register their titles even, it might bnngoit a
revolt: but tlie people of California may not revolt. They
are hut a few; their aesources will be to fly from the couu
try, and that will be dour."
This will be interpreted to mean, if the people
of California are as brave as the people of Cairo
were, there might be a revolt; but as they are not
so brave they will submit and quit the country.
No greater insult can lie cast upon the people of
a nation than the intimation that the people of-an-
other nation that exists or has existed are braver
than themselves. I deplore this tone of argument
in the discussion on this bill. If the Senator be-
lieves what he says, and I have no doubt he does,
he had better not have expressed it in as strong
language as he has. The people of California are
now happy and contented, especially the ancient
inhabitants of the country. They are more pros-
perous than they ever were; enjoy more privileges
than they ever have under any other Governments;
are pleased with the change, and look forward to a
prosperous and glorious career. They ask for and
expect that we will pass such laws as will meet
their wants, and to put them on the same favored
footing with the citizens of the other States of the
Union. Why sound the tocsin of alarm in ad-
vance, that, instead of legislating for their benefit,
our laws will tend to destroy their rights and drive
them from the country?—for such the Senator
says will be the result of the passage of this bill.
A more fearless or braver people does not exist
than the ancient inhabitants of California. They
proved this in the Mexican war. The Mexicans
nowhere else fought as bravely and boldly. They
are not a people to be driven from their country
by oppression. If they could be induced to be-
lieve (which is impossible) what the Senator says,
that this bill, if it becomes a law, will confiscate
their landed estates, instead of ingloriously fly-
ing, they woultl wreak tlieir vengeance upon
those wno have favored its passage, and my-
self and those of mv colleagues who agree with
me in the belief that "this law ought to pass, when
we return home, will be more likely to be visited
with the stiletto, than greeted with "well done,
thou «ood and faithful servants." I therefore,
Mr. President, have conceived it to be my duty
to occupy more of tfye time of the Senate than 1
ever expected that I should be required to do until
I became an older member, to explain the objects
of this bill an«l to show its beneficial operation
upon the people of California; that instead of dis-
turbing, it will quiet their titles to land; that if
