56
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 8,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
California Land Titles—Mr. Gtcin.
Senate.
they hold them by Spanish or valid Mexican
grants, they and their descendants will ever here-
after retain the possession of them in peace. The
object of this bill is to do this speedily and effect-
ually, and before tribunals that no man can say
will fail to render them full and ample justice. I
wish the ancient inhabitants of California to know
this, that they may continue to be, as they are
now, a contented and happy people.
Sir, the people of California have been praised
throughout the civilized world for the moderation
and love of law and order they have exhibited
within the two past years, ifeglecttd by this
Government, taxed without authority of law, and
afterwards by law, but deprived of representation,
they have forborne to exhibit that spirit of discon-
tent which was everywhere expected of them.
The exultations and rejoicings of a united people,
when they received the news of their admission
into the Union as a State, show the value they
place upon the Union, its Constitution, and its
laws.
I do not wish this unanimity disturbed by any
act of ours, and, if I know myself, I would not
hesitate to abandon any law that I thought could
by possibility in the slightest degree prove injuri-
ous to the interests of the people of California, or
weaken their attachment to this glorious Union.
I believe that this bill, if it passes into a law, will .
be beneficial instead of injurious to them, and in- ;
crease rather than weaken their attachment to the 1
Union, and I shall therefore earnestly urge its pas- i
sage, unless convinced I am in error. I
The large land claims date their origin from the 1
Mexican and Califomian Governments. In regard
to these claims Captain Halleck, in his report,
•ays:
" No crants were made to individuals or single families
to be held as definitively valid, till approved by the Territo-
rial Deputation; and if the Territorial Deputation should not
pive its approval, the Governor was to refer the documents
to the Supreme Government for its acton."
n * • * Hut the consent of the Supreme Executive
Power was given in 1838 to make grants of islands on the
coast of California. The islands in the bays, however, are
not included in this permission."
"A large number of land titles in California are very in-
definite with respect to boundaries, the grants being for so
many ' sitios,' ' creaderos,' lie., lying between certain
bills, streams, &C-, as shown by rough sketches attached
to the petitions. These sketches frequently contain double
the amount of land included in the grants; and even now
very few of these grants have been surveyed, or their
boundaries definitely fixed. The usual form of these titles
is shown as follows:
"Manule Micbeltorena, Brigadier General of the Mexi-
can Army, Adjutant General of the staff of the same, Gov-
emer-Coinmandant, and General and Inspector of the De-
partment of California:
" Whereas Don , a naturalized citizen of Mexico,
has solicited for his personal benefit five sitios of large
cattle (five square leagues) between the river Cosumnes
on the north side, the rancheria of the Oniuchuuines, the
strong hills, and the pass which leads to Mr. Sutter's estab-
lishment, where the measurement must commence, towards
the direction of N. NT. W., the previous measures and in-
vestigations having been made agreeably to the laws and
regulations on the subject, I have, in the name of the Mexi-
can nation, granted to him the before-mentioned land, de-
claring to him the ownership thereof by these presents,
subject to the approbation of the most excellent Depart-
mental Assembly, and to the following conditions:
"1st. He cannot sell, alienate, or mortgage it, impose
land rent, (cento,) entail, (meeulo,) reversion, (fianza,) or
any other burden.
"2d. He may enclose it without prejudice to the crossirig
highways and privileges, (servidumbres;) he shall enjoy it
freely and exclusively, destining it to the use or cultivation
which may best suit him, but within a year he shall build
a house, and it shall be inhabited.
" 3d. He shall solicit the respective magistrate to give
him legal possesion in virtue of this title, by whom the
boundaries shall be traced out, in the limit of which he shall
put, beside the landmarks, some fruit trees, or wild ones of
some utility.
"4th. The land of which donation is made consists of
five sitios, (square leagues,) as the respective map explains.
The magistrate who gives possession shall cause it to be
measured according to law, and the overplus shall remain
to the nation for the necessary uses.
"5th. If he shall violate these conditions he shall forfeit
his right to the land, and it may be denounced by another.
" I consequently command that these presents being held
as firm and valid, a record thereof be made in the respective
book, and they be delivered to the party interested, for his
security and further ends.
" Given in Monterey, on the 8th of January, 1844.
" Mandei. Micheltorena,
"Manoel GisIeno, Gov. Secretary."
" Some of the land titles given by the California Govern-
ment contain conditions respecting their sale, Stc., which
are not only onerous to the holders, but dhntrarv to the spirit
of our laws. These onerous conditions should be removed
by act of Congress. A number of the grants of land made
t>y the Governors of California have never been confirmed I
by the Territorial Legislature. In some cases that body
has positively refused its approbation; in other cases it has
merely declined to act until furnished with certain informa-
tion respecting the amount asked for, its boundaries, tic.;
in others, again, the petition, though before the Legislature,
was not reached previous to its final adjournment in July,
1846; and it is probable that some of these titles, through
carelessness, were never submitted to that body for approval.
Again: it has been alleged, by very respectable authority,
! that certain titles to land were given by Governor Pico after
the United States had taken possession of the country, and
made to bear dates prior to the 7th of July, 1846. These
grants have, of course, never been confirmed by the Terri-
' torial Legislature, for that body adjourned on the 8th of
July, the day after our flag was raised at Monterey; nor
have they been recorded in any book of records among the
; Government archives, although it is said they purport to be
so recorded. In settling land titles in this country, a broad
distinction should be made between titles of this kind and
; those which were given in good faith by the California Gov-
! ernors previous to our taking sessession of this country, but
which have failed to receive the requisite confirmation for
; want of action on the part of the Territorial Legislature.
, In appendix No. 9 I have given a description of the differ-
I ent land measures adopted by the Mexican Government.
The description and table arc translated from the ' Ordenan-
I zes de Tierras y Aguas,' by Mariaus Galvan—edition of
1844."
" It appears from the documents and lawa which have
been referred to—
" 1st That no grants of land made by the Governors of
California, after the 21st of November, 1828, are valid with-
out the approval of the Territorial Legislature, or of the
Supreme Government of Mexico.
"2d. That the Governor and Legislature of California
could, without the approval of the Supreme Government,
make no grants whatever of land within ten leagues of the
sea coast, nor within twenty leagues of the boundaries of
any foreign Power; nor could they anywhere grant to any
one person more than one league square (una legua cua-
d/rada) of five thousand varas of irrigable land, (tierra de
regadio,) four superficial ones of land dependent on the
seasons, (cuatroide tuperflcie de temporal,) and six super-
ficial ones for rearing cattle, (ters de euperficie de abrena-
do.)
" 3d. That where grants are made and properly approved
for towns, all municipal lands lying within the limits of
| such grants may be disposed of by the municipal authori-
ties in solttret or building lots, in conformity to the laws ap-
plicable to such cases, except such lands as may be required
by the General Government for constructing warehouses,
arsenals, or other public edifices, for the defence or security
of the nation.
"4th. That all lands in Califbmianot included within the
limits of grants made in conformity to law, and prior to July
8, 1846, forined a part of the public domain of Mexico at
the moment when the United States took possession of this
Territory.
" Since the conquest no material change has taken place
In the legal condition of land titles in this country."
The report goes on further to refer to charges of
fraud in disposing of lands in the towns of Sono-
ma and San Jose; and adds these general observa-
tions:
" It has also been alleged that the local authorities of
other towns have not only disposed of municipial lands in
a manner contrary to the provisions of the Territorial laws,
but in some instances have even gone beyond the limits of
the town grants, and made sale of lands which properly be-
long to the national domain. But, as has already been said,
there being no tribunals in the country competent to decide
upon questions of this kind, they have been left for adjudi- 1
cation till the proper courts shall be established. And inas-
much as these questions touching the validity of land titles
are exceedingly numerous, and as disputes are daily arising
respecting the rights of the different claimants, it is deemed
exceedingly important to the peace and prosperity of the ;
country that measures be taken without delay for the speedy
and final settlement of these titles upon principles of equity
and justice."
Here is a powerful appeal to this Government
to provide for the speedy settlement of these claims
on the principles of equity and justice, to preserve
peace, and promote the prosperity of the country. \
Yet near two years have elapsed, and for the first ;
time we are seriously at work on this subject.
The best agricultural lands in California are
known as the mission lands. The sites for these
missions were selected with great judgment by the [
priests who were sent out to found them. By j
various acts of the Mexican Government, which 1
it is not necessary to detail, the missions in Cali- j
fornia were secularized, and became the property J
of the State. The position of the mission lands, jj
at the time the country was conquered, is thus I,
described by Captain Halleck: |;
" 15. That the mission lands and other property which
have not been sold in accordance with the provisions of ;
law, are still the property of Government, and may be dis- I
posed of accordingly. Such was the legal condition of
the missions of California, when, on the 7th of July, 1846,
the American flag was raised in Monterey, and the country !
taken formal possession of in the name of the United States.
Nor has this condition been in any way changed by the
American authorities since the conquest. Soon after Gen-
eral Kearny assumed the civil government in California,
representations were made to him from the most respectable
sources that the grants and sales of mission property by
Governor Pico, just as he was leaving the country, were
without the authority of law, and that, though actually
made after the 7th of July, 1846, they had been antedated,
in order to give them the semblance of legality. These ti-
tles were not recorded in the usual book of records in the
Government archives, but purported to be recorded in some
other book, which, as yet, has never been found. Specu-
lators had bought up these doubtful titles, and now de
mantled to be put in possession of their property. Under
these circumstances General Kearny issued a decree, on
the 22d of March, 1847, directing that certain missions so
claimed be left in the hands of the priests until the proper
tribunal should be organized to determine on the validity of
those titles. (Vide Appendix, No. 24.) In other cases
where the claimants were in actual possession, they were
allowed to remain, but with the express understanding that
this permission should in no way affect the legality of their
titles. Those also who were found holding mission prop-
erty on lease were left in quiet possession, except the renter
of the mission of San Buenaventura, who, being detected
in selling and destroying the property of the mission to its
injury and almost total ruin, was ejected by the command-
ing officer of the southern military district. Towards the
close of 1847 it was reported to the Governor that the priest
of the mission of Santa Clara was selling the lands of that
mission. He was immediately called upon for his authority
for making such sales, and being unable to give any that was
deemed satisfactory, the Governor declared all sales made
by him of mission lands to be illegal, null, and void."
(Vide Appendix, No. 25.)
This closes my extracts from this report and the
documents accompanying it. On examining them
it will be seen what is required to make a perfect
title to land in California. The provisions of the
laws granting lands are clear and specific, and
could easily be complied with in most cases. It
also appears that claims covering most valuable
lands are said to have been made after the country
was conquered, and antedated. It also appears
that similar charges are made in regard to the dis-
position of some erf the missions. Can any man
suppose that these great claims, covering- property
of such value, can De satisfactorily settled except
by the Supreme Court of the United States
I have thus stated the origin of land claims, in
California, the condition they were in at the time
of the conquest of the country, and the position
they occupied up to the 1st of March, 1849, the
date of Captain Halleck's report. Since that time
the emigration to the country has been immense,
and the demand for land for cultivation great. It
is the interest of every man in the country to have
the land claims speedily settled, to separate private
from public property. There is constant danger
of collisions between the land claimants and set-
tlers; and, if we wish to prevent the shedding of
more blood in that country, wemust act speedily,
summarily, and finally on this subject. It is to
accomplish these objects that the bill has been pre-
pared and presented to the Senate.
As to the system of settling land claims adopted
and acted upon by this Government for the last
forty years, which is so fiercely assailed by the
Senator from Missouri, I have but- little to say.
The system is able to withstand, without my aid,
any attacks he may make upon it. Its greatest
defect is remedied in this bill. The old system was
defective, by Congress withholding the power to
settle, summarily and finally, all land claims in
the acquired Territories of Louisiana and Florida.
By degrees the Government was compelled to come
to the system adopted in this bill, which, in my
opinion, is the most perfect and just to ail parties
that can be devised. Under it private property is
perfectly protected, as it was required it should be
by the treaty with Mexico and the law of nations.
The tribunals before whom these claims may come
are required to conform to the treaty laws of na-
tions, the laws, usages, and customs of the nation
which made the grant, and the law of prescription
in favor ofpossessory rights as applicable to indi-
viduals. Coirtd a broader shield be thrown over
private rights ? Can any honest board of commis-
sioners fail to decide in favor of every bona fide
claim, where the claimant has*complied with the
law, or where, under the custom and usages of the
Spanish and Mexican Governments, they would
have been confirmed, although all the requirements
of the law were not fully met ? And will not such
decisions be affirmed by the Supreme Court of the
United States ? Yet this bill, it is said, will despoil
the people of California of their property.
The Senator from Missouri made the following
pledge to the Senate on Thursday last:
" But before I have done with it I think I shall make out
that such a bill as this is, as I have before said, tantamount
to a general confiscation of at) landed property in Califor-
nia; that in effect it is a violation of the treaty with Mex-
ico; a violation of the laws of nations; a violation of the
proclamation issued by the American commanders in Cali-
