58
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 8,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
California Land Titles—Mr. Gwin.
Senate.
These art' tue imperfect claims to wluch the eighth article
ol the treat) with Spam refers.|
In the case of Strother rs. Lucas, llilh Peters, !
page 448, the Supreme Court referred to the terri- j
tory ceded to the United States by the treaty of
18(13, will stated that—
" Congress, well aware of the state of the country and
villages h isely and justly went to the extent, perhaps, of
their powers, in providing for the security of private rights,
bv directing all claimants to file their claims before a board
specially appointed to adjust and settle all conflicting claims
to lands. They had in \ tew another important object—to
ascertain what belonged to the United States, so that sales
could be safely made, the country settled in peace, and dor-
mant titles' not be permitted either to disturb ancient posses-
sion, to give to their holders tlie valuable improvement!
made by purchasers, or the sites of cities, which hail been
built up by their enterprise. (Vide 10 Peters, 473.) Ac-
cordingly we find that by various acts the time oftilingsueh 1
claim is limited, alter which they are declared void, so far
bs the)' depend on any act of Congress, and shall not be re-
ceived ill evideuce in any court against any person claim-
ing by a grant from the United States." " These are laws
analogous to acts of limitation tor recording deeds, or giving !
effect to the awards of commissioners tor settling claims to
land under tlie laws of the States; the time and manner of
their operation, and the exceptions to theui, depend on the
sound discretion of the Legislature, according to the nature
of the titles, the situation of the country, and the emergency
which calls for their enactment. Reasons of sound policy
have led to the general adoption of laws of both descrip-
tions, and their validity cannot be questioned.1'
In the case of Choteau vs. Eckhardt, January
term, 1844, iM Howard, page 375, tlie Supreme
Court of the United States refers to certain decis- ;
ions of the Supreme Court of Missouri j and states
as follows:
" These cases maintain iu substance that such inchoate
claims (as that of Choteau was in 1812, when the coinmu- ,
nilv of St. Charles took its title, previously also inchoate)
were not changed in their character by the treaty by which j i
Louisiana was acquired; that the treaty imposed on this ,
Government only a political obligation to perfect them; that
this obligation, sacred as it may be, in any instance, cannot i
be enforced by any action of the judicial tribunals; and that
the legislation of Congress, from 1804 to the present time,
has proceeded upon the construction of the treaty as mani-
fested by the modes adopted to investigate the claims
through boards of commissioners, and then acting on them
by legislation."
The Supreme Court of the United States "field
likewise in the United States vs. Wiggins, 14th 'j
Peters, page 350.
In the case of the United States vt. King ct al., I;
1845, 3d Howard,page 786, the Chief Justice, in '
delivering the opinion of the court, held as follows:
'* But it would be pushing tlie comity usually extended to
the tribunals and officers of a foreign Government beyond
the bounds of justice and the usages of nations, to claim for "
them a total exemption from inquiry, when their acts affect
the rights of another nation or its citizens. Certainly, the
political depirtment of this Government has never ac-
knowledged this immunity from inquiry, now claimed for
the Spanish tribunals and officers; and in every law estab-
lishing American tribunals to examine into the validity of ,
titles to land in Louisiana and Florida, derived from the
Government of Spain, they are expressly enjoined to inquire
whether the documents produced in support of the claim
are antedated or fraudulent; and we have no doubt that it
is the riiht of this court to hear and determine whether the j
■"■rtilicate of Trudeau, although recognized and sanctioned
by tlie colonial authorities of Spain, is antedated, and made
out either with or without their privity and consent, in
order to defraud the United States, and to deprive them of
lands which rightfully belong to them under the treaty; and
that it is our duty to deal with it as the evidence way re-
quire. "
The court further holds tliat—
" Regarding the case in this point of view, the right of 1
the defendant in error mu>t stand altogether upon the in- I
struments executed in 1795 and 1797 by the Baron deCaron-
delet; and it has not the aid of any authentic survey to .
ascertain arid fix the limits of the land, and to determine
its location. The instruments themselves contain no lines
or boundaries whereby any definite and specific parcel of
land was severed from the public domain, and it has been
settled by repeated decisions in this court, and in cases,
too, where the instrument contained clear words of grant,
that if the description was vague and indefinite, as in the
case before us, and there was no official survey to give it a
certain location, it could create no right of private property
in any particular parcel of land which could be maintained
in a court of justice. It was so held in the cases reported
in 15 Peters, 184,215, 975, 319, and in 16 Peters, 159,160.
After such repeated decisions upon the subject, all affirming
the same doctrine, the que-tion cannot be considered as an
open one in this court. Putting aside, therefore, and re-
jecting the certificate of Trudeau, for the reasons before
stated, the instruments in question, even if they could be
construed as grants, convevcd no title to the Marquis de
Maiwm Roage for the land in question, and consequently
the defendants in error can derive none from him. The
land claimed was not severed from the public domain by
the Spanish authorities, and set apart as private property,
and consequently it passed to the United States by the
treaty which ceded to them all the public and unappro-
priated lands. Itis unnecessary, therefore, for the decision
i <rase',0 ^ anything in relation to the construction
, ;Ct of these two instruments, or the purposes for
which they were intended.
" As relates to the claim of an equitable title arising from , j
the number of immigrants alleged to have been introduced ,
under these instruments, it \v ould not avail the defendant ,
in error in this uction even if the proofs showed a perform- i
ance equal to that contended for on his part. For if these ,
instruments were regarded as grants—and it appeared that
tlie Marquis de Maison Rouge had originally selected this
very district as the place where the grant was intended to i
be located—and the immigrants introduced by him had been [
settled upon it in performance of the conditions of his con-
tract, and if it should be held that he had thereby acquired
an equitable right to have the quantity of land mentioned
in the paper of 1797 laid off to him at this place, still it
would be no defence against the United States; for in the '
case of Choteau vs. Eckhardt, 2d Howard. 375, this court ,
decided that an imperfect title derived from Spain before the
cession wtrnld not be supported against a party claiming
under a grant from the United States, unless it had been
confirmed by set of Congress. The same point was again
fully considered and decided at the present tefni, in the case
of Hickcy and others is. Stewart ami others. These decis-
ions stand upon the ground that such titles are not confirmed 1
by the treaty itself so as to bring them within judicial cog-
nizance and authority, and that it rests with the political j
department of the Government to determine how ami by ,
what tribunals justice should be done to persons claiming
such rights. If, therefore, this contioversy was in a court
of equity, and no suspicion of fraud rested upon the claim,
yet it could not be supported against a grantee of the IT niteil
"States, because Congress has not confirmed it, nor author-
ized any other tribunal to determine upon its validity.
In upwards of fifty acts of general legislation
respecting private land claims within the limits of
the American Union, Congress has sanctioned
tlie employment of boards of commissioners to
collect evidence respecting such titles—in some
cases conferring power upon them to confirm to a
limited extent, in others requiring the evidence to
be reported to Congress for consideration and con-
firmation by further legislation, when deemed
proper. In other cases Congress have authorized ,
the institution of suits against the United States, ]
and accordingly, on the 26th of May, 1824, an
act was passed, entitled "An act enabling the
claimants to lands within the limits of the State of
Missouri and Territory of Arkansas to institute
proceeding to try the validity of their claims."
On looking into the Journals of Congress, it
is found that the bill which was matured into this ,
of 1824 wag reported the 14th of May, 1824, to
the Senate as having passed the House, was read
twice, by unanimous consent, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary; that next day, on
motion, it was referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands; that on the 18th of May, 1824, Mr.
Barton, from the latter committee, reported it to
the Senate with amendments; that on the 25th of
May, 1824, the Senate considered it in Committee 1
of the Whole; and the National Intelligencer con-
taining the proceedings of that day shows that
considerable discussion took place on the details of
the bill between Messrs. Barton, Lanman, Low- !
rie, Chandler, Dickerson, King of Alabama, and
J. S. Johnston, of Louisiana; that Mr. Lowrie
moved to amend the bill so as to limit its opera-
tion to claims not exceeding a league, which was i
agreed to, (although there were claims of an im-
mense extent in Missouri—as, for instance, the
, Clamorgan, of nearly half a million of arpens;)
that the bill was then reported to the Senate; that
Mr. Lanman moved its indefinite postponement;
that this motion was opposed by Mr. , and
was not carried; and that the bill was then passed.
This act, so far as it was applicable, was, by an
act of Congress of the 23d of May, 1828, extended
to Florida; and, further, it appears flint this same
act of 1824 for the adjudication of titles by the
courts was revised and extended by an act passed
the 17th of June, 1844, to Missouri, Arkansas,
Louisiana, Mississippi, and Alabama.
The Journals of Congress show that on the 19th
of December, 1843, Senate bill No. 20 was intro-
duced, which was matured into this act, of the
17th of June, 1844; that on the 19th of Juile, 1844,
Mr. Henderson, from the committee, reported it
with amendments; that on the 26th of March it
was read a third time, passed the Senate the 28th
-of March, 1844, and afterwards, as stated, became
a law.
During the progress of the bill of 1824, there is
nothing found to show that uny onp considered it
in violation of the treaty of 1803, or of the laws of ,
nations, or of the proclamations of United States t
officers to the inhabitants of the ceded territory.
Nor does such an idea pver seem to have entered
the mind ot any member of the Senate in regard to .
the act of 1824. On the contrary, these various !
acts of legislation exhibit the wisdom and prudence j
of Congress iu endeavoring to employ suitable
means to bring these titles to a final decision, and
hence the Supreme Court has declared, in the case
of Strother vs. Lucas, 12 Peters, page. 448, refer-
ring to certain legislation of Congress respecting
claims, that " reasons of sound policy' have led to
the general adoption of laws of both "descriptions,
and their validity cannot be questioned."
Now, it is a matter of universal notoriety that
in the aggregate the titles in Louisiana, Missouri,
and Florida werWit the change of Government in
a much more perfect state than in California. Be-
sides complete titles, a large number of the inchoate
or inceptive grants were aided by an actual survey
under the Spanish Government, whereby they be-
came severed from the public domain, and were
fairly entitled to be classed as private property.
Yet in regard to all incomplete titles the interposi-
tion of Congress was necessary in order to carry
into effect in good faith what France and Spain
would have done had they continued in sover-
eignty.
in California there are, comparatively speaking,
very few claims aided by an actual survey made
under the Government of Mexico or Spain. This
grew out of the sparse population, the inefficiency
of the machinery of the former Government, or
the indifference of the original inhabitants. The
boundaries in many at the change of Government
were but loosely defined, but still with such refer-
ences to natural objects as to make them suscep-
tible of location.
According to the decision of the Supreme Court
in the case of the United States vs. King et al., 3d
, Howard, an actual survey is indispensable to sep-
i arate a claim from the public lands, and to place
it in such a category as it could be sustained under
1 treaty.
Are the great mass of titles in California to be
left to the naked treaty to protect them, or is Con-
gress to be invoked to stamp the whole of them
blindfold with the seal of affirmation ? Would
either measure be compatible with treaty obliga-
tions, or with that honesty and fair dealing which
the citizens generally of California and the honest
claimants have a right to expect ?
Should Congress refuse to extend to claimants
the opportunity of having their equitable titles as-
certained and carried into fee, it would indeed be
a violation of treaty obligations, and a denial of a
privilege consecrated by the practice of the Gov-
ernment for nearly halt a century. If, on the other
hand, it could be possible for Congress to authorize
every claim to be recognized without applying any
test, it would not only be a violation of the plain-
est principles of right, but a sacrifice of the inter-
ests of thousands of our citizens who, through the
instrumentality of fraud, cupidity, or dishonest
speculation, may be made tributary to the inter-
ests of the designing, reckless, and avaricious.
The bill now before the Senate, in a plain and di-
rect manner, proposes to ascertain what is private
property, in order to separate it from the public
lands; it then provides, after the evidence is col-
lected, if there is a doubt about a title, it shall be
submitted to the judiciary, and there by appeal to
be finally settled.
A measure like this will put an end to doubt,
relieve the titles of the country from confusion by
recognizing what is bona fide and valid, and de-
nouncing what is fraudulent, thereby securing and
vindicating the rights of honest claimants on the
one hand, and protecting on the other the great
mass of honest settlers seeking titles from our
Government in the public lands.
I will now proceed to examine the Senator's
substitute for my bill. The first objection I have
to urge against it is, that it is an omnibus bill; that
it connects questions that should be kept separate.
It proposes to confirm claims lawfully granted,
and those granted without authority of law; it pro-
poses the confirmation by name of some illegal
giants, and postpones the confirmation of others
of equally pressing necessity as to time. It pro-
poses to make donations to cities without securing
the rights of the inhabitants of those cities who,
in good faith, are in possession of the lands pro-
posed to be donated; it proposes the Spanish cus-
tom of giving to pueblos, towns, and cities two
leagues from the centre, and a change of this ciis-
tom in favor of San Francisco, and withholds the
same advantages from Monterey, San Diego, San-
