1651.)
APPENDIX tO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
59
3 1st Cong 2d Sess.
California Land Titles-—Mr. Gwm.
Senate.
ta Barbara, and Santa Cruz, all occupying a simi-
ilar position to Sail Francisco, that is, fronting on
the bays and roadsteads upon which they are lo- j j
eated.
Many of the measures proposed in the bill of the
Senator I am in favor of when presented at the
right time and in the right place; and bills intro-
duced by members from California are now pend-
ing, and are in preparation to be presented to
Congress covering most of these objects; but is
there any hope of ever getting a bill through either
House of Congress embracing within its details so
many important and intricate questions, some of
doubtful policy, some highly beneficial, and the ,
necessity of acting on them at once pressing, and
others that will be opposed on account of their
supposed injurious bearing upon private and pub-
lic interests? Why, then, press a bill that cannot
pass, and thereby endanger one that can pass—I
mean a bill to ascertain and settle the land claims
that emanated from the Spanish and Mexican
Governments ? Let us act upon this measure
alone, and bring up the others in separate bills to
stand on their own merits.
The first section of the bill is as follows:
" For the purpose of ascertaining and settling the private >
land claims in the State of California, a recorder of land ti-
tles, learned in the law and skilled in the Spanish and Eng-
lish languages, shall be appointed by tile President, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, who shall col-
lect and keep all the public archives of California in rela-
tion to land grants, and also shall call m for record all the
evidences of land titles in California, and, after recording
the same, shall return the originals to  the parties, except
where forgery or simulation shall be suspected by the re-
corder, and where there may be no written evidence extant
of the original grant, a written statement may be made of
the claim and received for record, stating all the circum-
btances in relation thereto, and especially all that relates to
the fact of actual possession."
I am opposed to the appointment of any such
officer for any such purpose. He is to collect all
the land titles in California, good and bad, and is
to record them, and return the originals, unless he
suspects forgery and simulation. The suspicion of
no one man thus appointed should have the power
of deciding what is forged or simulated,- and what j
is bona fide. The prejudices, partialities, want of !
judgment of the recorder, and the receipt of se-
cret information, communicated for mischievous
purposes, may cast a shade upon the best titles in
the country, and permit the very worst to be re-
corded without question. It is a dangerous prin-
ciple to give one man the power to say that he sus-
pects a claim to be forged or simulated, without
giving that officer the power and making it his
duty to examine and see whether his suspicions
are correct or not. He should be required to
examine witnesses, and collect testimony not fur-
nished by the parties presenting the claim, or im-
peaching it by ex parte and unofficial statements.
But, further, 1 am opposed to creating any tribu-
nal when an illegal claim stands on the same foot-
ing with a good one; where the good and bad are
put upon the same record. The suspicion of the >
recorder may not detect forged or simulated claims.
They are generally better prepared, so far as legal
and official forms are concerned, than good claims.
We will suppose that a fraudulent claim is record-
ed. A transcript of this record is taken from the
recorder's book, with his certificate of its being
correct. This record is brought to the Secretary
of State of the United States, who certifies under
the broad seal of the Union that the recorder is an
officer of the United States, qualified by law to re-
ceive and record land titles in California. Well,
the claimant, with his record, goes to Europe, and,
with fair promises, gets a party of emigrants to
settle on his claim. They cannot suspect fraud in
his claim. The United States have permitted it to
be recorded, and that record to be certified as cor-
rect, countersigned by the Secretary of State. Ig-
norant of our laws, what better evidence of title
coukl they ask? These emigrants, at great ex-
pense, arrive in the country and settle on the
claim. After the lapse of some years—for this,
sir, is to be the work of years, as I shall show be-
fore I am done—the recorder gets through his tour
of collecting land titles, and sits down in his office
with the district attorney to look into the "ab-
stracts," and in the course of time they come to
the claim above described, and declare it illegal,
and order a scire, facias to issue to vacate it. For
the first time these emigrants find they have no ,!
title to their land, or that it is in dispute, and likely
to be forfeited. As innocent claimants they appeal
to Congress, and Congress grants them relief; and
thus, a bad claim, bad from the first, and which a
competent tribunal authorized to examine it on
presentation would never have declared good, is
confirmed, because the Government, by its own
act of permitting its officer to put it among the
good claims, had induced innocent parties to in-
vest their all in it, and who would be involved in
ruin unless relieved by Congress. Can a more
unanswerable reason be given for subjecting claims,!
on their presentation, to examination, so that the
good and bad may not be mingled together? I
want all of these claims tried as presented, and
the old claims confirmed; for there is no suspicion
of fraud in respect to them; the presentation of
their papers furnishes the evidence that confirms
them. Then, as to the new claims, those that will
be contested, they are put upon their merits, and
confirmed or rejected, and the country foreverfreed
from being disturbed by them.
The second section is as follows:
u See. 2. .■?;! ? Ic it further enacted, That it shall be tile
duty of all towns, cities, villages, and pueblos, and of all
missions which have not been secularized, and of all indi-
viduals claiming lands in California by virtue of any claim
whatever, whether derived from the Spanish, the Mexican,
or the California authorities before the conquest of Califor-
nia, or by any American officer since the conquest, to pre-
sent all such evidences of title to the said recorder, upon
due and public notification to that effect by the recorder."
This is a most remarkable section. It compre-
hends a great deal, but defines nothing. What is
meant by towns, cities, villages, and pueblos? Are :
we to understand that these are to be recognized j
in the American signification of tlie.se terms, or in j
the Spanish and Mexican ? According to the lat- !
ter, there are but few towns, cities, villages, and I
pueblos, but the former would create many. To ,
solve the difficulty we go to the authorities from
which these titles emanated, and we are as much
in the fog as ever. They are "the Spanish, the 1
Mexican, or the California authorities before the .
conquest of California, or by an American officer |
since the conquest.'' What is meant by an .'Jiiu.r- ]
ican officer? Is it intended to include in this term
every person who has held office since the con-
quest, from the alcalde of a gulch in the gorges of
the Sierra Nevada, to the governor exercising
supreme authority ? This would seem to be the
proper interpretation, from what appears in the
seventh section of the bill, which provides " that
' all other grants made by any officers under the '
' civil or military Government of the United States,
•since the conquest of the country, shall be, and
' the same hereby are, reserved for the future de-
' cision of Congress." If this is the interpretation 1
to be put upon this portion of the section, let me
ask why should the subject of examining and
ascertaining land claims that emanated from the
Spanish and Mexican Governments — Govern-:
ments which had undoubted authority to make 1
grants—be mixed up with those granted by Amer-
ican officers who notoriously had no authority to
make grants ? Our great object should be to
separate private property from the public do-
main. What grants, except those made by Spain
or Mexico, gave a title to lands in California?
None. Ascertain what Spain or Mexico granted,
and the residue is public domain. And if towns
or cities have sprung up on portions of the public
domain, under the authority of officers whose acts
are not lawful until legalized by Congress, let us
take up these cases on their own merits, and not
mix them up with another and totally different |
class of claims. If the Senator had looked into
the bills presented by the members from California,
he would have found that the subject of these 1
town and city sites had already been presented to
Congress for its action. On the 14th day of Sep-
tember last I offered a bill " to provide for the sur-
vey of the publia landB in California, the granting
of donation rights therein," &c., which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
reported back to the Senate. The 13th section of
that bill provides as follows:
Sec. 13. Jlnd le it further enactcd, That the lands occu-
pied as towns «r villages shall not be subdivided or subject
to sale under the provisions of this act; but the whole of
such lands, whether settled upon before or after the survey
of the same, shall be subject to the provisions of the act en-
titled " An act for the relief of the citizens of towns upon
the lands of the United States, under certain circumstan-
ces," approved May twenty-third, eighteen hundred and
forty-four.
This section revives a former law, and extends
its provisions to unsurveyed as well as to sur-
veyed lands. The law protects the bona fide set-
tlers in towns and ^cities built upon the public
domain; it puts down speculation in these town
sites, and appropriates the proceeds of the un-
occupied portions of the lands donated for the
town site to township purposes. This subject
will come up in its order on the calendar, and
is inserted in a bill to which it appropriately be-
longs, the surveying and disposal of the public
lands in California. It may be proper to add, that
one of my colleagues in the other House of Con-
gress has prepared a bill which he intends to bring
before that House that goes much more into detail
on the subject of city and town lots than I have
done in the section above quoted. I have it in my
hand, it having been submitted to me for my ex-
amination.
Again, this section makes it the duty of all mis-
sions which have not been secularized to present
their evidences of title to the recorder. Who is to
settle the question as to what missions are, or are
i not secularized? No power is given to any one
i to do it. According to the public record it seems
| that all of those missions were secularized, al-
| though some have subsequently been placed under
I charge of the priest, subject to the control of the
j State authorities. Still they were secularized and
j belonged to the State, ana by the treaty with
Mexico became part of the public domain of the
I United States. This section of the bill recognizes
a right in some one else that the United States to
present titles to these missions. I am not willing
to recognize any such authority or right until the
, subject is fully inquired into and reported upon for
I Congress to determine who has the title to these
missions. The titles to individuals from the Mex-
ican Government during the process of seculariz-
ing these missions will be presented to the board
of commissioners if my bill passes, and be exam-
ined on their merits.
In closing my remarks on this section, I enter
' my solemn protest against the power conferred in
it to record or examine claims emanating from
i American officers, who notoriously had no legal
power to make grants or convey any portion of
the public domain without authority of Congress.
There is equity in these grants, and Congress
should confirm many if not all of them after they
have been fully examined, and we can act upon
them understanding^.
Indeed, this bill, m the seventh section, express-
ly admits the necessity of this examination before
Congress acts upon these claims, and why intro-
duce the subject in a bill to examine and ascertain
claims that are known to have a legal existence
and we are now prepared to act on ?
There is another provision in this section that
makes it the duty "of all individuals claiming land
in California by virtue of any claim whatever"
"to present all evidences of such title to the said
recorder." Well, suppose they do not, there is
no penalty if they fail to do it. I cannot use lan-
guage which can more severely censure this pro-
vision of the bill than by quoting from the decision
of the Supreme Court of the United States in the
case of Strother vs. Lucas, read before by me to-
day. Referring to thftjacts of Congress requiring
claimants within a splcmed time to file their claims;
the Court says: " They had in view another im-
' portant object—to ascertain what belonged to the
' United States, so that sales could be safely made,
.' the country settled in peace, and dormant titles not
'be permitted either to disturb ancient possession,
' to give the holders the valuable improvements
' made by purchasers, or the sites of cities which
'had been built by their enterprise."
As an illustration of the importance of requiring
claimants to present their claims within a specified
time, that they may be examined and acted on, I
will cite the case of Mr. T. O. Larkin, who has a
five league claim on Feather river, in the heart of
the gold region. On this claim thousands of per-
sons are engaged in diggmggold, and large towns
and cities are springing up on it. Mr. Larkin,
like a prudent man, boasts not of his owning this
claim; there is a strong prejudice against such
claims in California, and he lets the people dig gold
and build towns and cities without complaint. But
from this you must not draw the inference that he
has abandoned it. Mr. Larkin will not prosecute
