60
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 8,
3 1st Cong 2d Sess.
California Land Titles—Mr. Gwin.
Senate.
the claim now unless by law he is required to do
it. He is in no present danger of an adverse
claimant, for the claim is in the gold mines, and the
Government has not determined to sell the gold
lands. We hay e passed a bill through the Senate,
by the aid of the Senator from Missouri, to lease
the mines. If that bill passes the House and
becomes a law, Mr. Larkm will not object to the
issuance of leases on his claim. He may file a
paper with the superintendent of the mines, as he
did with the de facto government of California, in
the case of the Presidio, near San Francisco,
stating that he has a claim; but there he will rest.
He will let the digging of gold and the building of
cities go on, and in the mean time he may inter-
est hundreds and perhaps thousands in his claim,
and when he is ready he will come forward backed
by the thousands interested under him, and it will
be confirmed. Give him time and he will get his
claim, whether a valid or an invalid one. I know
nothing of the merits of the claim. It may be one
of the very best in California. He told me he
owned it. I have no doubt he considered it valid.
All I ask is that he shall present it before a board
of commissioners for examination, as he will if
lie is forced, for he is not a man to abandon his
rights. Let it be decided whether the land claimd
belongs to him or the United States. He is ready
to do this if my bill passes. He will delay if the
Government delays: for no matter how much gold
is dug out there is plenty left; and give him time,
if he choose to do so, to interest the occupants of
the claim with him in it and get it confirmed, and
notwitstanding the portion transferred to the oc-
cupants, he will be one of the richest men the age
has produced.
The third section of the bill gives the power to
the recorder and district attorney to decide upon
all these claims from the "abstracts" before them.
They have no authority to take testimony, sum-
mon witnesses, or sit as a court before whom a
case may be contested. No person is allowed to
file evidence against any claim; the claimant only
can file papers; he presents nothing against his
claim, of course, and nothing against the claim
gets upon the record. All the evidence in favor
of a claim is filed; none against it. With these
limited powers, from these ex parte proceedings,
what can we expect but a sweeping confirmation
of every claim filed? The power given to the
attorney general to revise the decision of the re-
corder and district attorney, does not vary the
case at all. Upon what does he act in revising
the decisions below ? The report of these decis-
ions made by the parties rendering them. He
has no papers, nothing but the report of the de-
cision, which is based upon an ex parte statement
of the case; no opposing testimony has been in-
troduced; one side only is presented; and that of
the party interested. He prepares his own case.
If his original grant has not been recorded, and
the papers do not prove up exactly as much as he
wishes, he may destroy them, and make a written
statement of the claim which the first section gives
authority to do, which the recorder is bound to
receive "for record." Persons may be found to
verify this statement whether true or not. Such
things have happened and may happan again.
With a record based upon such evidence of title
going up to the attorney general, how can he de-
clare a claim invalid ? It seems to me impossible.
Nor is he required to do so; it is left to his will,
not made obligatory upon him.
I now come to the fourth section of the bill. In
the foregoing section the recorder is limited, in
collecting testimony in regard to claims, to what
the claimants themselves file, and he and the dis-
trict attorney are required to act upon this evi-
dence, and no other. In this fourth section still
further limitations are placed upon them. If they
decide to issue a " scire facias against any claim-
ant, "they are to be governed by the treaty of I
' Guadalupe Hidalgo, the law of nations, the laws, i
'usages, and customs of the Government from I
'which the claim is derived, the proclamations of'
' the commanding officers at the time of the con-
' quest, and the capitulations made with such com-
'manders, the decisions of the Supreme Court of
the United States, so far as they are applicable,
| and the law of prescription in"favor of possessory
< 7-a*' V'e same as 'f it was a question between in-
ividuals; and all cases of actual possession before
' the conquest of the country shall be held to be
1 'prima facie evidence of valid title."
It is easy to predict the fate of a scire facias is-
sued under these restrictions. It would go out of ]
court on motion. It would have no basis to rest
upon. No lawyer could expect a decision against ■
a claim thus guarded and hedged in at every point.
But could the recorder or district attorney order
a scire facias thus restricted in their action ? Let us
see by what they are to be governed. 1st. The
treaty with Mexico; 2d, the law of nations; 3d,
the laws, usages, and customs of the Government j
from which the claim is derived; 4th, the procla-
mations of the commanding officers at the time of
the conquest, (of the number of these proclama-
tions we are not informed;) 5th, the capitula-
tions made with such commanders, (the number
not stated;) 6th, the decisions of the Supreme
Court of the United States, so far as they are
applicable; 7th, the law of prescription; and, 8th,
actual possession before the conquest. Here are
eight restrictions by which they are to be gov-
erned that we know of, and several, the proc-
lamations and capitulations, not defined. With
this strong array of restrictions, upon what can a
scire facias be based ? But, let me ask, what has
the proclamations of commanding officers and their
capitulations to do with the matter of issuing a
scire facias against a land claim ? Our title to Cali-
fornia is based upon purchase, not conquest. We
bought the country, and are paying for it. By the
treaty of cession we are bound, and the obligations
imposed upon us by that treaty we should sacredly
fulfill. That is the law by which we are to be
governed. If we had obtained the country by :
' conquest, and our military commanders had made j
certain guarantees to the inhabitants through proc- i
lamations and capitulations, and the Government 1
had bound itself to abide by these guarantees, then
there would be some reason in requiring that the
guarantees of these proclamations and capitulations
should be respected in examining land claims, and
j not otherwise.
Suppose that in the treaty with Mexico a clause
I had been inserted that in settling land claims in
j California this Government should be bound by I
1 the proclamations and capitulations of our com- !
! manding officers in that country. Would such a
clause have received the votes of half a dozen mem-
bers of this body ? I think not; yet if we pass the
substitute to this bill we are imposing obligations
on this Government which by no possibility could
have been incorporated in the treaty.
Sir, there are several persons who claim to be
the conquerers of California. Several distinguished
officers issued proclamations; some entered into
capitulations with the inhabitants. These maybe
exploits honorable to the parties. The promises
contained in those proclamations and capitulations j
were made in good faith, and no doubt, if the
country had been retained as a conquest, every
stipulation contained in them would have been
strictly adhered to. But California was obtained
by purchase. The treaty by which she was ceded
to the United States is the supreme law of the land,
and we are to look to that, and not to the procla-
mations and capitulations of commanders in the
service of the United States, to guide us in our ac-
tion on this subject.
The fifth section confirms four leagues of land to
every town, city, and pueblo in California. I am
in part in favor of this proposition, and if intro-
duced and brought forward in a separate bill, I
would vote for it and sustain it, with proper amend-
ments and restrictions. I shall always advocate
donations of land to towns, cities, pueblos, and the
State of California, if asked for on proper princi-
ples. But the donations in this section are partial
in their operation, and therefore I shall oppose it
unless amended. San Francisco has the full ben-
efit of the four leagues donated to other towns and
cities, while Monterey, San Diego, Santa Barbara,
and Santa Cruz, similarly situated, have not the
same privileges extended to them. Although San
Francisco is a greater city than all these combined,
yet the donation is important to them, and can
with the same justice be asked for.
But there is another radical defect in this section I
of the bill. The donation of four leagues square
is unconditional to the towns, cities, and pueblos. '
Suppose it conflicts with private claims, will the
I United States guaranty these claimants against j
the loses to be sustained by this donation ? If not,
shall private rights be sacrificed to enrich these
corporations?
To show how important it is to legislate on this
question with caution, and after due deliberation and
examination, I will give an imperfect statement from
memory of the bearing of this law granting four
leagues square to every town, city, and pueblo in
the State, that every Senator may see how partial
it would be in its operation. The three great
cities and leading points in California are San
Francisco, Sacramento City, and Stockton. By
this bill San Francisco would likely get the four
leagues; for special power is given to so run the
lines as to take in the mission lands in the rear of
the city, which of right belongs to the United
States, and they have the power to dispose of.
Therefore, this would be a great boon to San
Francisco. But how would it operate upon Sacra-
mento City and Stockton? The former is located
on the claims of Captain Sutter, and the latter on
Mr. Weber's. I ain of the opinion that every
acre of land covered by two leagues square from
the centre of Sacramento City is private property,
or claimed to be such; and I entertain no doubt
but the same is true of Stockton. Thus neither of
these important places would get an acre of ground
by this donation, while San Francisco would de-
rive immense advantages from it. The town of
Benicia, about which so much has been written in
pamphlets and said here as the destined commer-
cial emporium of the Pacific, is located on the lands
of General Vallejft. So also is the site selected by
the vote of the people as the future seat of the
i State government, the city of Vallejo. Here there
are four cities and towns of real and anticipated
importance that get no land from this donation,
unless private property is seized by the Govern-
ment and appropriated. If this should be done,
and Uncle Sam agrees to foot the bill for damages,
his Treasury could not stand it long. The real
estate of Sacramento alone is assessed at twenty
millions of dollars.
I will now turn to the operations of this law in
other portions of the State, and especially in the
, gold mines. Colloma is situated at Sutter's Mills,
, where the gold was first discovered, and four
leagues square would cover upwards of sixteen
thousand acres of the gold region, and make Col-
loma one of the richest corporations in the world.
Trinity church in New York could not compare
, with it. So also of Yuba city, Sierra Nevada city,
Marysville, Tualumna city, Sonora, and twenty
others locatedin the mines. These donations, with
the claims of individuals, would sweep the mines,
or very nearly so. If the mines are to be given
away,l am in favor of giving them directly to the
ale, and not to corporations. If the gold mines
lat country are to become private property—
and I see no other practicable way of disposing of
them—let the people be the owners, and not cor-
porations and monopolists. The new cities on
Humboldt and Trinidad bays would also derive im-
mense benefits from these donations, although not
so valuable as those in the mines.
I will not pursue this subject further now. I
can do so more appropriately hereafter, when the
t bills referring to the same subject, introduced and
| to be introduced by the members from California,
shall come up for consideration.
The sixth section confirms the grants made by
General Kearny at San Francisco. I am "in favor
of confirming these grants; but can we expect a
favorable consideration of this subject by the Sen-
ate until it is well understood and reported upon
by a responsible committee of this body ? I do not
wish to jeopardize the confirmation of these grants
before the Senate is fully apprised of their merits.
In the same section, all the Government reserves,
except such as shall be needed for military pur-
poses or necessaiy public buildings, are granted to
the city of San Francisco. I am in favor of this
also, with the reservation that private rights shall
not be infringed upon by this grant. A portion of
these reserves has been leased for the period of ten
years by officers of the United States Government
during the de facto government of General Riley.
I was opposed to these leases, and was and am of
the opinion that they never should have been made.
I denounced them when I heard they were in con-
templation, and notified the parties interested that,
j if elected to the Senate, I should exert myself to
