62
31st Cong '2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
California Land Titles—Mr. Benton.
[Jan. 8,
Senate.
tier there, whether it may have passed in succes-
sion through the hands of three generations or
not—each and every one is to come up, and they
are to be subjected to the skill and the arts of an
attorney in attempting to take their lands from
them.
Sir, what is to be the operation? Look at the
practical operation, sir, of this bill? Apply it, go
along with the working of it, and see how it oper-
ates. In the first place, take notice, there is no
time fixed in the law when this formidable board
is to sit. Heretofore it has been considered a part
of a law which was to try a people's rights, to fix
the time and place, so that people beforehand
could have a knowledge of the time and place
where their rights were to be tried, and that they
might prepare for it accordingly. There is no
such thing in this substitute bill. It is left for the
President of the United States to fix the time and
place, and there may be as few places as he pleases
to fix, and as far off. I suppose he will leave it
to the attorney. I apprehend the President of the
United States neither has much knowledge on a
subject like this, nor time to give to its details; and
he must leave it to the attorney to fix such places
and times as he may choose, whether responsible
or irresponsible. But we will suppose that, as the
matter presses, as it is highly desirable that it may
he known that the vacant lands may be taken pos-
session of by the United States, the President of
the United States will fix the time and places of
all these inquiries early in the ensuing Spring—say
in the month of May.
Now, what is to be the condition of California?
Suppose the time fixed is the second Monday in
May, or any other time you choose, what is to lie
the condition of all California on that day? Every 1
man that claims land, right or wronsr, much or
little, a white man or domiciliated Indian—every
one is to go up on that day and to appear before
that high commission court; and when he sees
a lawyer there on the part of the United States
against him, will he not want an attorney oil his
side, also, to fight that lawyer? Certainly he will; '
but there is no prowsion in this bill to put him on
an equal footing with the United States, and to
have his lawyer to fight also. Miserable would
be his privilege of appearing there, even with a
lawyer; miserable would be the poorprivilegcu hidi
every land claimant in California would have to go
up on this day, and to bring a lawyer to defend
his title. It would be a miserable privilege, in-
deed, to appear there and give his lawyer a fee to
stand by him and help to save his home. But
even that privilege, miserable"as it is, is not grant-
ed to him. He is in the condition, sir, of persons
in the old time, when the Crown presented them
in England, and when the judges were to be con-
sidered as counsel for the prisoner. He was to
be allowed none. That is the condition of these
land claimants, without even saying that the com-
missioners are to be counsel for them. There
is to be a one-sided lawsuit, and that against every-
body—the whole country sued for all its lands the
same day!
Now, sir, in the month of May next, or at what-
ever time is fixed for this universal going up—
" not to Jerusalem to be taxed"—but this univer-
sal going up to the places appointed by the Presi-
dent to struggle for their homes, what is to be the
condition of California—what is to become of the
cultivation of the country ? Every man who has
a piece of land must go up and defend it. What
is to become of the flocks of the country and the
cultivation of the country, and what is to happen
to the country, when every piece of land in Cali-
fornia is subjected to a lawsuit on the same day?
I say there has been nothing like this before on
God Almighty's earth. There never has been
an instance in which every landholder in the coun-
try was to be sued on the same day—where every
one was required to come up and defend himself
with his naked hands against the power of a gov-
ernment represented by a lawyer who maybe the
most distinguished to be found. I say there never
was anything like it upon God Almighty's earth.
There has been such a thing as a general forfeiture
of the landed property of conquered countries in
^ barbarian times; but there never was such a thing
as that of every land claimant in a country being
required to come up at a given day, and there fight
or his possessions with his naked hands against ,
a lawyer representing the Government. I say !
nothing like it has ever yet appeared upon the
face of the earth.
And who are to cultivate the lands while the peo-
ple are all up there defending their lands' Cer-
tainly the people will give up one year's cultivation
when the question is whether they shall lose their
lands forever.
The Senator from California, in providing what
this board shall take into consideration, provides
for their taking into consideration the principles, as
far as "applicable, which are recognized in an act
of Congress, approved May IS, 1828, entitled an
act supplementary to an act in confirmation' of
several acts for settling private land claims m Ar-
kansas and Florida. He provides that the prin-
ciples, so far as applicable, which were taken into
consideration in settling land claims in Florida,
shall be considered in settling the claims in Cali-
fornia. Now, the Florida land titles, so far as
they were derived front Spain, came under the
system of an intendant general, which received its
final and most perfect form by the great ordinance
of 1786. And by the special provision in the in-
troduction to that ordinance, the Californians were
exempted from its operation. Yes, sir, by the
special provision in the preliminary clauses in that
great ordinance of 1786, the Californians were ex-
empted from these provisions, and exempted for
the purpose of making a more facile distribution
of the lands. Distribution was the word used. It
was put under the care of the nearest high officer,
the captain general of the Western Internal Prov-
inces, whose residence was at Chihuahua. His
business was to distribute the lands in California,
in order to carry out the general system, and to
give order and quiet to the country. So much for ;
bringing up the settlement of land claims in Flor- '
ida to bear upon the question of the settlement of
land claims in California. That is only one of the
two objections to the introduction of the Florida
law.
Sir, did not Great Britain hold the Floridas for
n long time, and had she not a system of laws re-
lating to land titles there? and did not all the decis-
ions under the Florida law have regard both to the
laws of Great Britain and those of Spain? And
are we to subject the people of California to the
double operation of the ordinance of 1786, from
which they were specially exempted, and to the
land system of Great Britain in the two Floridas,
which they never heard of? Yet that is the effect
of the introduction of this Florida act of 1828 into
the substitute hill. Then comes in the provision
"that in all cases of rejection or confirmation
of any claim by the board of commissioners, it
may be lawful for the United States or the claimant
to present a petition to the district court." All per-
sons in California who have claims, the perfect as
well as the imperfect, present a petition to the dis-
trict court setting forth the nature of the claims.
This is certainly in conformity with the Constitu-
tion of the United States; the right of petitioning
in favor of his property is granted, perhaps to him
who has held his land for three generations in a
straight line. This is certainly a constitutional
provision, that he may petition. I apprehend he
would consider it a small privilege, a very attenu-
ated exercise of a great privilege, that he should
be permitted to petition for the perfection of a title
which has been in his hands, or in the hands of
his ancestors for three generations. This, I pre-
sume, may be called the right of petition—the
right of petitioning that the petitioner's home may
not be taken from him by his Government!
After the board of commissioners have done with
it, then either party, the claimant or the United
States, ifi to present a petition to the district court
of the proper district, setting forth fully the nature
of the claims, and the names of the orieinal and
present claimants. And after that the bill goes on
to make a provision which 1 must read; fori would
not venture to state it except in its own words,
and that from the beginning. It says:
" It shall and may he lawful for the claimant or the Uni-
ted States tn present a petition to the district court of tile
proper distnei, setting forth fullv the nature of the claim,
n;mi( s of tlie original and present claimants, with the de-
railment of title, accompanied hv a transcript of the report
of the board of commissioner", and o!*the pipers on uinch
it was founded; and it shall thereupon, and a: the next en-
suing term of the district court aforesaid, be the duty of the
said court to render a judgment, and, upon the application
of the party against whom the judgment is rendered, grant
an appeal to the Supreme Coutt of the United States, and
the said Supreme Court of the United States shall there
upon pioceed l-nally to adjudicate such claims."
I pause, sir, upon the first clause of this enact-
ment :
" It shall thereupon, and at the next ensuing term of the
district court aforc-aid, be the duty of said court to render a
judgment."
That is all.
" And, upon the application of the party against whom
judgment is rendered, grantan appeal to the Supreme Pourt
oi the United States."
Well, sir, this is rapid work. And I suppose
it is about the first time in which any court has
been required at the first term at which suits are
brought oefore it to render a judgment. The bill
does not say on which side the judgment shall be
rendered. It ought to do that! It would be more
perfect if it fixed the side on which the judgment
should be rendered, so that the party could know
what was to happen. The judge is to render a
judgment at the first term; the parties ready or not
ready, sick or not sick, wife dying or not dying,
the parties present or not present, the judge is to
render a judgment thereupon at the first term !
And the whole of them, amounting perhaps to
thousands of cases, all must be acted upon. I ap-
prehend there will be quick lawyers before the
court; otherwise, not the five-minute, but the one-
minute rule will have to be enforced, in order to
get along with the business. Better tell the judge
at once on which side to give judgment!
This is rapid work, Mr. President. I find this
on the fourth page, and the seventh section of the
bill, that the said court^is to render judgment; and
then it goes oil to make this further provision:
"and, upon the application of the party against
whom judgment is rendered, grant an appeal to
the Supreme Court of the United States." Well,
if the decision is for the claimant, he has to pros-
ecute it, and if against him, he has to defend it.
So that, let the decision be which way it may, the
claimant, after having judgment rendered against
him or for him, at the first term in the other Cali-
fornia courts, at what is usually the appearance
term, is then to go up to the Supreme Court of
the United States, and when he gets there that
court '' shall thereupon proceed finally to adjudicate
such claims, according to the principles, so faras
they are applicable, which are recognized in the
act of Congress approved 26th May, 1824, entitled
'All act enabling the claimants to lands within the
limits of the State of Missouri and Territory of
Arkansas, to institute proceedings to try the va-
lidity of their claims !
That is what the Supreme Court has to do. The
Supreme Court is restricted to an act of May,
1824—an act of which I have some knowledge,
which I drew, and under which the judge of Mis-
souri, we may say, confiscated all the claims of
' the State which came before him, but which the
Supreme Court of the United States afterwards re-
established. This act of 1824, drawn upon the
ordinance of 1786, adopted only a general distri-
bution of lands by the intendant general. This
act of 1824 is wholly directed to settle the titles
under the great, ordinance of 1786', and others
which it imbodied; for it was not so much an
original act as an imbodiment of all passed before.
The Supreme Court is to give validity to titles,
yet the Supreme Court is to be governed by that,
and by nothing else. It is tied down to that act!
Well, sir, this is about bad enough. It is one
of the boasts of the old common law that justice
is carried by it. to every man's door. But here
the people oi" California have to go across the con-
tinent for it.
[The Senator from Missouri here gave way for
a motion to adjourn, and on the next day contin-
ued his remarks as follows:]
When the Senate adjourned yesterday I had
brought down mv examination of the practical
operation of the Senator's substitute bill to that
point where that universal and mournful procession
was to commence; where the entire body of the
land claimants in California were to comrnence
their march up, as I said yesterday, not to Jeru-
salem to be taxed, but to places yet to be found
out, and at times yet to be known, that thev may
be put upon trial for their lands—the United States,
the plaintiff against them, backed by a lawyer, and
they themselves without any lawyer. I brought
the examination down to the point "where, as
