64
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 8,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
California Land Titles—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
ample of an v such thing to be found in any country |
in the-world up to this time.
There is no example of a board of commission-
ers who are to treat perfect and imperfect titles
precisely alike. There is no example of any board
of commissioners in which a lawyer is to appear
on the part of the United States and against the
claimants. And while the general provisions of
the bill are such as may be disastrous in their ap-
plication to the country, here by special enact-
ments which I have read to-day, the titles may
be forfeited if the party is not vigilant enough to
keep an unceasing watch upon the proceedings of
the commissioners and of the courts, to detect the
day when a decision goes against him, and be
ready within the limited time to file his petition.
The Senator from California referred to his 10th
section for the purpose of showing that his bill is
more liberal to the inhabitants of towns and vil-
lages than I consider it. I apprehend that when
lie comes to read that section, he will find no such
thing there. The 10th section of his bill says:
" It shall ho the duty of the board to ascertain and re-
port to the Secretary of the Interior the nature of the
claims in town lots or other lands, if any such there be, not
embraced by the foregoing provisions of this act
That is the qualification—" if any such there
be, not embraced by the foregoing provisions of
this act." That takes in all. There is nothing
left out; for the very first clause takes in every
"person," and the same section takes in every
"claim" of every description. "The foregoing
provisions of this act" embraced every descrip-
tion of person and every distinction of claim; and
when all is taken, nothing is left. It was, there-
fore, well said, " if any such there be, not em-
braced in the foregoing provisions of this act."
It is a very good saving—a saving of nothing—
for it turns out that there are none such; the pre-
vious clauses of the bill take in all. Unless such
provision as I make for these towns and villages
is adopted, we are to have the people before the
board of commissioners, and from there to the
district courts, and they may be brought here to
this city to defend their cases in the Supreme
Court of the United States, for little parcels of
land twenty or thirty varas square, which could
be bought for a hen and chicken at the time they
were given to them, and which they were begged
to accept.
Mr. President, in the laws which we passed for
the settlement of claims in Upper Louisiana, we
made a special enactment in favor of towns, cities,
villages, and their in-lots, out-lots, and com-
mons. There was a special law in their favor, by
which the whole of them were confirmed to the
inhabitants, without requiring any confirmation
from any authority whatsoever. It was in 1812
that this was done in Upper Louisiana, now Mis-
souri.
[Here Mr. B. read the act of 1812 confirming to
the inhabitants of every town and village in Upper
Louisiana and in Arkansas their house-lots, their
out-lots, their common field-lots, and their rights
of common.]
I have copied in a section of the bill which I
have offered to the Senate—the 5th section—the
substance of this act. It was passed for the pur-
pose of securing to the inhabitants of towns and
villages their titles, for the purpose of saving these
people from the necessity of appearing before com-
missioners or courts to defend their little lots of
thirty or forty yards square. For the purpose of
saving all this the former law, and especially that
which related to the then Territory of Missouri,
was a special one in behalf of these inhabitants of
towns and villages. It was a beneficent act, and
absolutely essential to the quiet of these towns and
villages, and gave them peace and security; and I
claim the benefit of its provisions for old inhabit-
ants of California, and with stronger reason, for
they had an absolute grant of four leagues square
in all cases—more, perhaps, in some.
It is precisely in accordance with that law that
I have drawn the section in my bill which receives
so much notice from the hands of the Senator from
California, and which I will show, when we come
to look at it, he never could have read; otherwise,
he could not have fallen into the large mistakes to
which he gave so much emphasis on yesterday.
But it was precisely in accordance with that act
of 1812 that I drew the section of my bill, upon
which the Senator from California has commented
so much. It is the fifth section of my bill;
"That the quantity of four common leases, measured
from the centre of the town, city, or pueblo, two leagues
in every direction, shall be confirmed to all such towns,
cities, and pueblos."
The Senator took two exceptions to this section
of my bill; and one of them was, that the bill
made no exception in favor of existing claims.
This will show that the Senator never read the
section. It is impossible that he could have read
it; otherwise, he never could have said that; for
in the seventh line of that section it goes on to
say: •
" The occupied parts to their possessors having title, and
the vacant parts, it any, to the municipal or town authori-
ties, except such parts as may be required for military pur-
poses of the United States."
Now, sir, what becomes of the immense em-
phasis which the Senator from California yester-
day laid upon the grants to these towns and vil-
lages which, as he said, made no exception in
behalf of existing rights, or the Government of
the United States? What becomes of all the em-
phasis which he laid upon that supposed omis-
sion, when here is the exact clause, that " the va-
cant parts, if any," shall be confirmed "to the
municipal or town authorities, except such parts
as may be required formilitary purposes?" That
is one of the errors which shows that the Senator
could not have read this 5th section. Then he
fell into another as great as the former, and which
can only be accounted for on the supposition that
he had not read the section; for he went on to ap-
; ply that section to all the towns and villages which
| have sprung up since the settlement of the coun-
| try by the Americans. He went on to apply it
; to all, and then made a calculation of the immense
S value of the land per acre around some of those
|! villages which have grown up in mining districts,
, and he arrived at conclusions which were per-
fectly astounding.
Well, sir, your astonishment will somewhat
abate when it is known that there is no founda-
tion for the calculation; that it is all a mistake;
I that all the calculation was built up so as to make
! an immense superstructure, without one particle
of foundation to rest upon. If the section had
been read through—and it is a pretty short one,
of only fifteen lines, and that of pretty large print
—the Senator would have seen that I make the
exceptions which he asserts do not exist. The
section goes on to say:
" And with tins reserve or exception, all the residue of
the said four leagues square shall be confirmed to the city,
town, village, or pueblo, according to the instruction and
the decree of the Captain General of Internal Provinces of
the West, dated at Chihuahua, and directed to the com-
mandant, at Monterey, of Upper California."
When I drew the section, Mr. President, I had
j; the act relating to Upper Louisiana, and that of
i Missouri, relating to towns and villages, in my
. eye. I looked at it, and I saw that the section re-
lating to these towns and villages enumerated all
j the towns and villages by name which existed at
the time of the acquisition of that territory by the
1 United States. There were but a few towns and
: villages in the Territory of Missouri compared
• with the number that existed in California. I
did not, however, undertake to enumerate them in
California by name, but put them into a class and
| let them stand; the whole section, and everything
I said in support of it, having confined it to the
(] settlements made under the Spanish or Mexican
, Government, and which were made under that or-
dinance to the Captain General of the Internal
Provinces of the West, which I read in extenso,
and which I put in my printed speech, and which
was dated, I believe, in March, 1791. This sec-
tion only relates to the towns and villages covered
by the decree of the Captain General of the Inter-
nal Provjnces of the West. After this, what re-
mains to 'be said against that section, when we
have got rid of these two objections, and after
showing that there is no foundation for them,and
that it is only the vacant lands which are given to
corporate authorities, and if there are any private
claims they are not taken ? And when it is seen
that it is confined to those founded on the decrees
of the Captain General of the Internal Provinces,
what remains to be said ? Is it not just in itself,
sir, that the people of these towns and villages shall
be protected from such an inquisition and such
forfeitures as are to be established against them ?
Is it not just that they shall have the same kind of
protection which the people of Upper Louisiana
had? Is it right that every one of them shall be
compelled to go before the commissioners, in order
to make good their titles to their little lots of thirty
or forty varas square, and to their common and
out-lots ?
The Senator from California took exception to
this section because the extent granted to the towns
and villages was so large. Sir, we have no power to
limit what the Crown of Spain chose to grant; and
I have to say that this argument of the extent of
the commonsT ftnd of the extent of what might be
granted in this confirmation, had no consideration
at the time of the act of 1812, which was passed
with reference to the inhabitants of the towns and
villages in Missouri. There were large extents
of commons belonging to the people there. Some
of them were many miles across; I cannot under-
take to say how many. St. Louis had commons
many miles in extent to the southwest of the town;
Carondelet still more; St. Charles and others had
many miles of commons, and the law which rela-
ted to them confirmed the act of the Spanish
Crown, which had given all these in-lots, and out-
lots, and common field-lots. They confirmed the
whole in their whole extent.
The section which I propose confirms these lots
to the extent of two leagues square, in the words
of the decree of the Captain General of the Inter-
nal Provinces of the West. It does not affect their
right to more than the four leagues square. If
there are towns or villages which have larger com-
mons—and Mr. Jones says there are—these are
within the boundaries of grants made for the
! foundation of the towns or villages. I have no
doubt there are larger commons, and common
fields, and they will have them by my plan. If
they have a larger quantity than four leagues, they
will be presented to the recorder of land titles, and
if their title is valid they will retain them. So far
as the bill goes, it confirms them on the same prin-
ciple that the town and village lots were confirmed
to Upper Louisiana in 1812.
Now, Mr. President, having shown the ruin-
ous operation of the bill of the Senator from Cali-
fornia, if it goes into effect; having shown that
there is nothing like it in the land system of the
United States; having shown that the effect must
1 be to paralyze all the industry in the country, to
alarm every man; and make every cultivator sick
at heart, and that the result must be to occasion a
great portion of the old landholders to abandon
their lands, to sell them for half their value, or to
lose their value in lawyers' fees for defending
them; having shown that to be the effect, I must
1 be suffered to repeat to the Senate what is to be the
effect of the system which I present.
In the first place, all the titles are to be called
in—all to be collected in the hands of some public
and responsible officer—and they are to be kept
for the inspection of the public. This is an act
, of great necessity. It is necessary, in relation to
all good claims that the Government should see
which are good; and it is necessary in relation to
all bad Claims also, that they should be collected at
once, that Government may see them. It is ne-
cessary to prevent the simulation or manufacture
of claims hereafter; because then all will be cut off
which are produced after the time that these claims
are brought in.
My system is first, then, to collect the titles;
and after the titles are collected, then the recorder
of land titles, who is required to be a man learned
in the law, together with the district attorney, is to
examine the titles; and, if these two officers, or
either of them, judges any claim laid before them
to be invalid, for any cause, no matter what; if
they judge any one to be invalid for any cause
whatsoever, they are to issue a scire facias against
the party whose title is impeached, and bring him
before the district court to defend it. Now, it
does seem to me that in this way every case which
gives rise to any suspicion of its being unsound
can be proceeded against, and the land can be given
to the country.
Now, I wish to say a word about thecry raised
respecting fraudulent titles in California. It is a
cry easily raised, and greedily caught up by some,
but I do not see what room there can be to apply
it to the generality of these claims. We see from
