1951.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
67
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Removals from Office—Mr. Ewing.
StNATE,
•cessary for its execution. General Lane belonged
to a different class—that of electioneering office-
holders—-whose violence, and abuse, and calumny
during the presidential canvass had been such that
General Taylor, when he became President, could
not, without sacrificing *all self-respect, without
■sacrificing all respect for his political friends, suffer
them to remain in office; nay, it was such that,
had they had a proper sense of what was due to
official propriety, they would of themselves have
instantly resigned their offices upon the election of
■General Taylor, and refused to hold office under
a man whom they had so depreciated and calum-
niated. There is, then, a peculiar fitness in the
selection which gentlemen have made. We may
■test a large number of cases from these two, of
■which they may be considered the representatives.
I had something to say with respect to Colonel
Weller a few days ago, and it is not necessary
that I should now repeat what I then said, nor
refer to the documents to which I then referred.
I will merely add two particulars, to which I did
not then deem it necessary to refer, but which, as ■
gentlemen are hard to satisfy, the occasion now
•calls for.
But, before proceeding to the question, I will
remark that I nave not sought this controversy,
fcut have shunned it; not, however, in fear of the
result, for I knew at the commencement how it
must end, but from an unfeigned reluctance to en-
gage in a discussion involving personal character
-and personal conduct. Hence it is that I have said
as little as I could possibly say, without doing
injustice to General Taylor^ administration, that
would injure the character or wound the feelings ,
of either. If I touch them now with a less gen tie I
hand, they must thank their friends, who persisted
in thrusting them in our faces. But, in order to
take up the first branch of ay subject properly, I
must refer te the debate «f the 12th of December,
in which the Senator from Michigan took a part, i
That Senator made an inquiry of me during that '
•debate in these words: "But will the honorable
•* Senator tell me that Colonel Weller would have
•* been removed if he had been a "Whig 7"
I replied, in answer to the question of the hon-
orable Senator from Michigan, as follows:
" And i can say to the honorable Senator from Michi-
«mn,[Mr. Cass J in reply to his inquiry, that had Colonel
Weller been a Whig, and had my information concerning
him been what it was, and from die same reliable soorces,
1 would have unhesitatingly advised his removal."
I had hoped that my reply would have been
perfectly satisfactory to the Senator, and especially
-after the remarks made by me the other day.
Mr. CASS. If the Senator from Ohio will
allow me, I will state that my inquiry was in al-
lusion to the ground of removal which he had then
stated, which was with respect to the accounts of
■Colonel Weller. He had not then referred to the
■character of Colonel Weller, and my remark had
-no reference to that.
Mr. EWING. I hoped that the Senator would
have been satisfied with my reply, knowing, as I
was well convinced he did, that there were other
charges of grave importance against Colonel Wel-
ler; and knowing also, as I supposed he did, that
I withheld them from an unwillingness, unless
absolutely compelled by the force of circumstan-
ces, to speak here of the defects and vices of men.
But when next the Senator spoke, he saw fit'to
•consider me as having stated specifically all I knew
of Colonel Weller, and all the facts which influ-
enced the President to remove him; and, giving
me credit for good intentions, he expressed him- i i
self incredulous of ray assertion that I would have \
advised the removal of Colonel Weller had he been j
■a Whig. And in these remarks the Senator from !'
Michigan took particular pains to confine the ij
issue to what I never made an issue; which was, j
whether Colonel Weller was removed under and j
by the operations of a particular act of Congress, i
Well, I agree that he was not. I never said that '
he was, nor intimated any such thing. But the ;1
Senator said, when he last addressed the Senate on [ j
the subject, that he would not be " driven from
his point." That is, the Senator was determined j
to confine the cause of removal to the operation of
that particular law which I did not name, and
which had nothing to do with it. I have no issue i
■with the honorable Senator: he took his ground j
entirely out of my line of march, and it would ij
Slave been most unreasonable for me to go quite ii
out ef my way to drive him from a position which
he had a perfect right to occupy, and which inter-
fered not at all with mine.
As the Senator is not satisfied with the evidence
already adduced, I will now offer one other item,
j and hope it will be sufficient. It is a certified
copy of the report of a master in chancery, who
was appointed by the court of common pleas of
Butler county, to inquire into the defalcation of
Colonel Weller and two other individuals who
were intrusted with a public fund belonging to
that county. I will read a short extract from
that report, premising, however, that all the
commissioners were good Democrats, and Mr.
McBride, the master in chancery, a Democrat
also, and a personal friend of Colonel Weller.
The money intrusted to these persons was the
part of the surplus fund belonging to that county,
a large amount of which Colonel Weller had con-
verted to his own use, and failed to account for.
This fact I well knew when Colonel Weller was
removed; and the Senator from Michigan must
j have known that I knew and referred to it when
I told him the other day that from the facts within
my knowledge I would have advised the removal
of Colonel Weller had he been a Whig. The ex-
- tract is as follows:
" The amounts due said funds by other debtors than said
defendants, whose notes, bonds, and mortgages have been
put into my possession, may be found in tabular statement
herewith filed, (marked B,) amounting in all to the sum of
$30,733 46, leaving in the hands of the defendants, and to
be accounted for by them, the sum of $34,050 74. Of this
sum, I find, according to notes and receipts on file, that
I James H. Ward owes the sum of $4,687 83, (for particulars
as to dates and accounts see his account on file marked C,)
and that Lowen R. Cooch, according to similar vouchers
and evidence on file, owes of this sum the amount of
$9,429 87, received at times and in amounts as specified in
his account on file, (marked D,) leaving to be accounted
for by John B. Weller, the other defendant, and agent of
the commissioners, the sum of $16,933 06. At what time
or times, or in what amounts, this sum was received by
Mr. Weller, or at what time be became chargeable there-
with I have not been able to ascertain."
Thus it appears, Mr. President, that Colonel
Weller was a defaulter to his own county at the
time of his appoinment in a large amount, and it
was a fact known to me at the time of his removal
—not then by the certified report of the master,
but by undoubted information. And it is proper
! to add that he was known to be habitually mtem-
i perate. Nobody denies this; nobody doubts it.
j The duty he was to discharge was exceedingly
j important, as he had the command of men and the
j control of a large sum of money. There was
placed in his hands, immediately upon his appoint-
ment, upwards of $33,000 of the public money.
He gave no bond—he was not required to give
any. He left the United States with this money
while the suit was pending, after the matter was
referred to the master, and before his report was
made, and he failed to render an account or pre-
sent a statement to the commisatoner, but left him
to find out the date and amount of his defalcation
as he best could. He sailed for Panama, as I
showed the other day, more than a month before
the duties of his commission required him, and the
only object that I can conjecture he had in view
was to be out of the United States before the new
Administration should come into power. Cer-
tainly he did not forward the business of his com-
mission by going so hastily, for he was further
from the place of his destination, in point of time,
at the end of the month, at Panama, than he would
have been in New York the same day. He could
have obtained transportation from New York for
himself and his party, while he had provided none
and could obtain none from Panama." And from
the accounts we had of his conduct while linger-
ing there, any one must have been satisfied that
he was wholly unfit to be intrusted with the com-
mand of men or the expenditure ofpublic money
Now, I say that, had Colonel Weller been a po- 1
litical partisan connected with me, no matter how I
closely, and had that office been in my Depart-
ment, I should most unhesitatingly have advised
his removal, and would have felt it inexcusable ;
to trust so large an amount of the public money
in his hands. The Senator from Michigan may
be incredulous yet; but I venture to assert, that j
had it been his own private funds which were in j
the hands of Colonel Weller, he would have taken
them out, if he could get them, immediately.
What he would have done with regard to public
funds of which he had the care, it is for him and
not for me to determine. But I have no doubt
that, had he occupied the Executive chair, he
would have removed Colonel Weller from that sit-
uation, however else he might have bestowed him.
But, further to remove doubts from the mind of
the Senator from Michigan, I must be permitted
to say that the very case once occurred that I did
remove, or rather advise the removal of, a Whig
who was in eveiy way qualified for his office except
in the one particular, merely because I had ascer-
tained he was a defaulter in his own State. I ad-
vised his removal, and General Taylor removed
him. I do not wish to name, nor is it necessary
that I should name, the individual. I will, how-
ever, inform the Senator from Michigan privately
of the person and the office, if he desires it.
1 So much, Mr. President, for Colonel Weller.
, I do not wish to dwell upon his case any longer,
: or ever return to it again, unless the Senator from
■ Michigan still thinks that my statement and my
1 asseveration needs further support. If he does, I
will give it to him in public or in private, as he
may desire.
Mr. CASS. I will make my statement after you
have done.
Mr. EWING. I will now say one word as to
this case of " naked proscription for opinion's sake;"
for that this removal has been pronounced by half
a dozen voices here. Colonel Weller, a Demo-
crat, wholly without qualifications, not trust-
worthy, not fit for the office, was removed from
it, and Colonel Fremont, another Democrat, most
] highly qualified, in every respect trustworthy, of
perfect fitness and capacity for the duties of the
office, was appointed in his place. This is the
proscription for opinion's sake so eloquently de-
nounced by gentlemen on the other side of the
Chamber.
Perhaps I ought to explain one thing further,
however, beforeT leave this case. Colonel Wel-
ler was, according to well-settled usage, clearly
entitled to an office from the Democratic party.
The previous Administration here had always
given the defeated candidate for Governor of Ohio
some office under the Federal Government, and of
course Colonel Weller must have some one. But
my point is, and I do not mean to be driven from
it, that this \yas not the proper office. They se-
lected badly—a foreign mission being the just
reward for the services Of the candidate, and the
usual salvo for his feelings wounded by defeat.
Before proceeding to the case of General Lane,
I will consider for a moment an item of executive
history, kindly furnished to me by the Senator
from Indiana. He says:
" I will read a letter which I have in my possession, first
premising that at the time General Lane was governor of
Oregon the duties of governors of Territories, Indian agents,
and similar officers were under the supervision of the De-
partment of the-Interior. There had been somewhat of a
conflict between that Department and the-Department of
State as to which was entitled to the jurisdiction of these
officers. I understand that latterly it has been settled in
fkvor of the Department of State, and therefore that be-
came the proper place to which I should apply for informa-
tion."
Now, this is all new information to me—entirely
so. I never heard or suspected that there was the
slightest question between those two Departments
as to jurisdiction. The Department of State had
jurisdiction over the territorial officers proper; the
"Department of the Interior over the superintendent
of Indian affairs. The governor of Oregon per-
formed the double duty. He was the governor,
and was ex officio superintendent of Indian affairs.
His office of governor was within, and he was ap-
pointed and removed through the State Depart-
ment. The Department of the Interior had noth-
ing to do with it, except to attend and see to the
discharge of his duties as superintendent. Hence
it is that everything which related to the Indian
affairs came^o the Department of the Interior, and
all that related to his other duties to the Depart-
ment of State. I do not know where the Senator
got his information—from what letter-writer or
in what newspaper he found it; but he stated it
here as a matter of history, of which He had be-
come well informed. There is a great deal of
history, which gets abroad with just as much foun-
dation as that. Owing to the fact that General
Lane was not from my State, and not in my De-
partment, I did not treasure up in my mind the
particulars of his removal, the mere passing events
