70
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 7,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Removals from Office—Mr.
Ewing.
Senate.
" Extract from my own official report of the battle of \
Buena Vista, February 25, 1847. ■
" I immediately put my column in motion, consisting of
these eight battalion companies and Lieut. O'Brienbat-
tery of three field piece*, numbering in all about four hun-
dred men, to meet thcin. The enemy, when they deployed
from the ravine and appeared on the ridge, displayed a force
of about four thousand infantry, supported by a large body
of lanrern. The infantry immediately opened a ino«t destruc-
tive fire, whic h was returned by my nnall command, both
infantry and artillery, in a most gallant manner for some
time. I M>on perceived that 1 was too far from the enemy
for my musket# to take that deadly effect which r desired,
and immediately sent my aid-de-camp to Lieut. O'Brien,
directing him to place his battery in a more advanced posi-
tion, with the determination of advancing my whole line.
By this movement I Hhould not only be nearer the enemy,
but should also bring the company on my extreme left more
completely into action, a* the brow of a hill impeded their
fire. By this time the enemy"* fire of musketry and the
raking lire of ball and grape shot of the battery posted on
my left flank had become terrible, and my infantry, instead
of'advancing, an was intk.ndkd, f regret to *av, retired in
tome disorder from their position, notwithstanding iny own
and the severe etlorts of my officers t« pievent them.
About the same time the riflemen and cavalry on the moun-
tain retired to the plain below. The Arkansas cavalry (who
had been posted by your orders in my rear, at the foot of the
mountain, to act as circumstances might require) also left
their position, tho whole making a retrograde movement
along the plain towards the rear; at the Raine time one of
the Illinois regiments, not under my command, but sta-
tioned some distance in the rear, on the right of my posi-
tion. also retired to the rear. I
" These troops, the most of them, immediately rallied t
and fought during the whole day like veterans. A few of
them. I regret to say, did not return to the field at all. * * *
44 The men under my command actually discharged '
eighty rounds, and some ninety rounds of cartridges at the (
4 enemy during the day.' The 2d regiment under my com- ;
inund, which ojfened the battle in such gallant style, de-
serves a passing remark. ! shall attempt to make no apol-
ogy for the retreat, for it was their duty to stand and die
until they received orders to retire. But I desire to call
your attention to one fact connected with this affair. They
remained in their position in line, receiving the fire of three
or four thousand infantry, exposed to a most destructive,
raking Are from the enemy's uattery, posted within point-
blank shot, until they had deliberately discharged twenty
rounds of cartridges at the enemy.
" Some excuse may be found for those who retired for a
few minutes and then rallied, and fought during the day; but,
unless they hasten to retrieve their reputation, disgrace must ,
forever hang around the names of those who refused to re-
turn; and f regret to say there were a few from nearly every |
volunteer corps engaged." 1
44 Here is all that is said in relation to the conduct of the
9d Indiana regiment in that battle, either by General Tay-
lor or myself."
The extract from General Taylor's report is
set forth truly by General Lane in his publication, j
In speaking of this part of the battle, General
Taylor says: " In order to bring his men within
effective range, General Lane ordered the artil-
lery and second Indiana regiment forward." In
the actual report made by General Lane to Gen-
eral Taylor on the 25th of February, 1847, he
says: "ajy infantry, instead of advancing, as
was ordered, I regret to say, retired in some
disorder." But in the copy given by General
Lane in his publication, in which he attacks the
veracity of General Taylor, he changes the word,
and instead of "ordered," the word in his report,
he inserts "intended," making the passage read,
"My infantry, instead of advancing, as was in-
tended, I regret to say, retired, ' «ic. Here
General Lane adduces against General Taylor
record evidence—the copy of a public document;
he certifies to the truth of it, and he copies it
falsely. This falsification of the passage is in
an important particular. If General Lane did not
report that his men were ordered to advance, and
General Taylor had reported that they were, it
would indeed have been a departure from the
truth as it was before him, unless some other offi-
cer having command of those troops so reported
to him. Now, why this alteration of the record?
The answer is easy. It would convict General
Taylor on mere inspection, of a false statement, to
the prejudice of tne second Indiana regiment.
This was not a word which General Lane could
have inserted by mistake. His mind had been
and was upon the very word. He cfcanged or-
dered for intended, in a supplemental report, made
long after the report of February 2oth, which he
pretends to copy, and long after General Taylor
nad dispatched liis report to Washington.
This falsification of the report is not in a matter
which relates to property. If it had been, and
the written paper evidencing the right of a party
had been so altered to his injury, it would have
been a lugh crime; but here it amounts to noth-
ing, for it is only the reputation of a victorious
general that it is intended to sacrifice. If, in a ju-
dicial proceeding, General Lane had sworn to the
truth of this copy of his report, it would have also
been a high crime; but as it is only stated upon
the veracitv of the man and the honor of the sol-
dier, it is 110 such thing. I do not know how gen-
tlemen on the other side will characterize it. There
was much at stake—no less than the most import-
ant office on the face of the earth; and as General
Taylor was a candidate, and as his success rested
on his fair and honorable fame, which he had
earned by a long life in the service of his country,
it was important that that fair fame should be, if
possible, blasted—at least General Lane appears to
nave thought so, and acted upon that opinion;
and if it could be done by the alteration of a single
word in a single record, it would have been a
mighty object easily achieved. It was no difficult
task—" it was as easy as lying."
Again: General Lane says in his publication,
in the extract which I have read to the Senate:
'• There are two material facta, known to every one upon
tliat field—known to General Taylor when he made hit re-
port, and which are imbodied in my report—which facts
General Taylor does not even allude to, to wit: first, that
the regiment immediately rallied; and, next, that they
fought all day."
Facts imbodied in his report, "that the regiment
immediately rallied!" Now, after a careful exam-
ination of that report, I can say that, to my com-
f rehension, there is no such fact imbodied in it.
t is not there. There is a singularly confused
and unintelligible passage in his report, from which
I suppose he intended, when he made the publica-
tion, to have such statement inferred; but it con-
tains no such thing directly, and admits of no
such inference. Here is the passage:
Rv this tune the enemy's fire of muskptry and the raking
fire of ball and grape-shot of the battery posted on my left
flank had become terrible; and my infantry, instead of ad-
vancing, as was ordered, I regret to say, retired in some
disorder from their position, notwithstanding in^bwn and
the j-evere efforts of my officers to prevent themr About
the same time the riflemen and cavalry on the mountain
retired to the plain below. The Arkansas cavalry (who
had been posted by your orders in my rear, at the foot of the
mountain, to act as circumstances might require) also left
their position, the whole making a retrograde movement
along the plain towards the rear; at the same time the Illinois
regiment, not under my command, but stationed some dis-
tance in the rear on the right of my position, also retired to
the rear. These troops, the most of them, immediately ral-
lied and fought during the whole day like veterans. A few
of them, I reflet to say, did not rutum to the field at all."
In this clause, if anywhere in his report, the
statement that the second Indiana regiment imme-
diately rallied must be found; but we look for it
in vain. And does any man suppose that if Gen-
eral Lane knew that this regiment rallied and un-
dertook to state it, he would not have told the
story so that it could be understood? He tells of
their retreat in plain terms: could he not tell his
commanding general in as plain language that
they rallied and fought? He groups together
witn them in this paragraph the nflemen and cav-
alry on the mountain—the Arkansas cavalry and
the third Illinois regiment—all which he says
made a retrograde movement, but most of them
immediately rallied and fought all day. That is
true enough. The riflemen and cavalry on the
mountain rallied and fought; the Arkansas caval-
ry rallied and fought; so did the Illinois regiment
rally and fight—making most of all the troops he
had so grouped together; but he does not say in
that report that the second Indiana regiment ral-
lied and fought. If he could have said so, he did
great injustice to that regiment that he dil not say
it in an intelligible manner. If he had said in di-
rect terms that most of that regiment rallied im-
mediately, the matter would have been distinctly-
understood, and justice, whatever that might be,
would have been done them on the spot. But I
understand from a military man who was on the
ground, that the Illinois regiment and the other
troops named by General Lane did not retreat at
all, but simply changed their position, as ordered
by General Wool; that when the Indiana regiment
retreated, he directed the other troops to change
their position, and form what is called in military-
phrase the refuse line, to prevent the outflanking
of his troops by the enemy: so that, it' my inform-
ation be right. General Lane was mistaken, and
there was really no retreat at all of these troops;
they merely took a new position, where tliev were
ordered.
Again: General Lane, having presented the
above extracts, says: " Here u all that is said
in relation to the conduct of the second Indiana
regiment in that battle, either by General Taylor
or myself."
This statement is incorrect. It is not all that
General Lane .says in relation to the conduct of the
second Indiana regiment in that battle. He says
yet more concerning them, and what he says fur-
ther corroborates the report of General Taylor,
and the reports of General Wool and Colonel Da-
vis. General Lane does not again speak of it as
a regiment, for it had ceased to be such on the
field of battle; but he speaks twice of the part of
it which, under Colonel Bowles, had joined the
Mississippi rifle regiment, arid fought bravely.
This is the " handful of men" named by General
Taylor, the " fragment" named by General Wool,
the " small party of the second Indiana regiment"
named by Colonel Davis. The extract from Gen-
eral Lane's report as to them is as follows:
" At this critical juncture the Mississippi regiment, under
the command of Colonel Davis, arrived 011 the field, and T
being joined by a part of the second Indiana, met the enemy
in a most gallant style, and, after a severe and bloody engage-
ment, repul-ed rN'in wilh great lo—In the mean time, a
large body of lancers, sue or eight hnndred in number, who
had passed down along the left towards our rear, made a
most desperate charge upon tile Arkansas and Kentucky
cavalry, with a view of cutting off and plundering the bag-
gage train of the army, which was at a ranche near the
battle field.
" This charge was met and resisted most gallantly by
those cavalry, aided by about two hundred inlantry, who
had taken refuge there after they had retired from the field-
Tins repulse discouraged the enemy, and the Mississippi
regiment and part of the second Indiana, being joined by the
third Indiana regiment, commanded by Colonel James II.
Lane, now advanced up towards the foot of the mountain,
for the purpose of dislodging the enemy's force stationed
there."
I now call the attention of the Senate to so mucji
of the report of General Wool as relates to the
second Indiana regiment, by which it will be seen
that General Taylor's official report is fully sus-
tained:
'• In connection with this movement, a heavy column of
the enemy's infantry and cavalry and battery on the -trie of
the mountain moved against our left, winch was held by
Brigadier General Lane, with the second Indiana regiment,
and Lieutenant O'Brien's section of artillery, by whom the
enemy'8 fire was warmly returned, and, owing to the range,
with great effect, by Lieutenant O'Brien's artillery. Gen-
eral Lane, agreeably to my orders, wishing to bring his 111
fantry witlun stpkiug distance, ordered his line to moie
forward. This order was duly obe> ed by Lieutenant
O'Brien. The infantry, however, instead of advancing, re-
tired in disorder, and, 111 spite of the utmost efforts of their
general and his officers, left the artillery unsupported, and
fled the field of battle, tionie of them were rallied by Col-
onel Bowles, who, with the fragment, fell in the ranks of
the Mississippi riflemen, and during the day did good ser-
vice with that gallant reicinient. I deeply regret to sa> that
most of them did not return to the field, and man) ot them
continued their Might to Haltillo."
I would suggest another inquiry, which seems
to me to be of much importance in the determina-
tion of this question of veracity. It will be seen,
by reference to the public document, that General
Lane reported to Gen. Wool, his immediate com-
mander, and that Gen. Wool, after receiving that
report, made his report to Gen. Taylor. It will
be observed, too, that Gen. Wool was upm that
part of the field in person, saw the retreat of t'ie
second Indiana regiment, and assisted its officer*
in the attempt to rally them. " Some of them,"
he says, " were rallied bv Col. Bowles;" he men-
tions none others that rallied, and deeply regrets
" to My that mnst of them did not return to the fit Id."
Tins Gen. Wool said with Gen. Lane's report
before him; and not only so—Gen. Lane was on
the spot, and in oral as well as written communica-
tion with Gen. Wool. He was his next in rank,
and it is reasonable to presume that he was with
him in his markee, aiding him to make up his re-
port, and no doubt rend, at any rate m:ght and
ought to have read it, before it was sent to Gen.
Taylor. He could not have been ignorant of its
contents, so far as it relaxed to the troops under Irs
command. If, then, Gen. Wool misunderstood
his report, why did not Gen. Laneeorrect it on tne
spot, and cause a true report to reach Gen. I nr-
lor : Why, at least, was not Gen. Woo! applied
to to make the correction whichGen. Lane d sretl -
And why is not Gen. Wool instead of Gf n. Tay. r
denounced by Gen. Lane for making a ttlse report -
If Gen. Lane te'.s the truth. Gen. \\ 00. s report is
more injuriously false. Gen. Lane says in h s
publication: " There art tiro matrnal ftrb knwntn
rtrry man upon lh.it field, * * * to wit, first,
thai the second Indiana regiment immediately rallied.
