1351.]
APPENDIX Ti  THE CONGHJSSSIOINAL (5LOBE.
71
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Removals from Office—Mr. Eiving.
SENATE.
and next that they fought all day." Gen. Wool ]
says in his report to Gen. Taylor, " I deeply regret |
to say that most of them did not return to the field, and '•
many of them continued their flight to SaltUlo." !
Now, if Gen. Lane's publication be not a mon-'
strous perversion of the truth, how happened he to
let this report of Gen. Wool go to Gen. Taylor ,
without correction ? And how happens it that he
has never yet called on Gen. Wool for a correction,
never attacked General Wool's statement, but
General Taylor's only, which he well knows to be
founded on General Wool's ? I can tell you, sir.
General Wool was a Democrat—General Taylor a
Whig, and a candidate for the Presidency.
I will now present to the Senate the report of
Colonel Davis, and would refer, in connection with
it, to the remarks made by him in the Senate ves- , j
terday, which also bear strongly on the pending ,
question: j
" As we approached the scene of action, horsemen, re- ;
cognized as our troops, were seen running dispersed and '
confusedly from the field. And our first view of the line
of battle presented the mortifying spectacle of a regiment of
infantry flying disorganized from before the enemy. These
sights, so well calculated to destroy confidence and dispirit.
the troops just coming into action, it is my pride and pleas- . r
ure to believe, only nerved the resolution of the regiment I '
have the honor to command. *****
" With a few honorable exceptions the appeal was on- ,
heeded, as were the offers which I am informed were made
by our men to give their canteens of water to those who '
complained of thirst, on condition that they would go back.
General Wool was upon the ground making great efforts to ';
rally the men who had given way.
" It may be proper for me to notice the fact that early in
the action Colonel Bowles, of Indiana, with a small party
from his regiment, which he stated was all of his men that
he could rally, joined us and expressed a wish to serve with
my command. He remained with us throughout the day,
and, under all the circumstances, displayed much personal
gallantry."
The following is an extract from the report of
Colonel Marshall:
" I was closely observing the movements on the moun-
tain, perceiving (hat matters were reaching extremes with
my riflemen, when I observed that a regiment of Ameri-
can* were retreating on my right."
This is the last we hear, by any official report,
of the second Indiana regiment on the field of bat-
tle, and all their official papers leave the mass of
the regiment in full retreat. Can any man read
these extracts from the reports of the officers com-
manding on the spot, and believe that they were
•til mistaken in such an important particular? Is
it to be credited that the second Indiana regiment,
or one hundred and fifty men of that, regiment,
could have joined the Mississippi rifle regiment, ,
and yet Colonel Davis not know it even to this
day? But suppose they did return, and no one j
knew it except General Lane, who did not think
it worth while to report the fact, how was General
Taylor to know it? In truth, Mr. President, the 1
pretence is too absurd to be argued seriously. !
And worse than ridiculous was the attempt of
General Lane to get a supplemental report from
General Taylor, founded on a newspaper publica- .
tion, contradicting the mass of consistent official 1
evidence which I hare referred to.
General Taylor did not charge these men with ,
cowardice, as General Lane asserts in his publica-
tion, but, oh the contrary, declared he had not
lost confidence in them, and that he intended to :
give them a prominent place in the action next day,
if the enemy rallied. He viewed theirconduct with
the eye of an experienced and sagacious general, •
•who had seen much and read much, and who
knew that such reverses occur among the bravest
veterans, without any one being able to perceive 1
an adequate cause. From the very earliest his- |
toric records of the operations of armies, we read !
of such things frequently among troops, acknowl- j
edged to be the bravest and the best. The Greeks i
and Romans believed it to be the work of their 11
rural deity, Pan, the god of the woods and the !
fields; hence the word panic. But there is reason j
enough for the flight of these men to be shown I;
from the transactions of the day. Their officers |
were quarreling among themselves, and the most '
common instinct of self-preservation would teach ! I
the men that their lives were in danger of being ! I
sacrificed by the feuds of their officers. Such ap- i!
pears to have been the case from what occurred I i
on the field. General Lane ordered Lieutenant I1
O'Brien to move his battery forward; but it comes
out a.t last that he did not inform Colonel Bowles
of this order, or send any order to him; that he
merely " intended" Colonel Bowles should ad-!:
vance. The consequence was, that when Lieuten- j
ant O'Brien's battery began to move, neither offi- !
cers nor men of the second Indiana regiment knew 1
where it was, going—they were under a terrible '
fire, and had a right to suppose the battery was
about to be withdrawn from their support. If the
men retreated under these circumstances, General
Taylor ought not to have lo'St confidence in them, '
as it appears he did not. But these officers either |
lost confidence, or never had confidence in each ,
other. Colonel Bowles, when he rallied his
" handful of men," did not join General Lane, but
Colonel Davis, in whom he and his men had con-
fidence. And General Lane, long after the battle, !
accuses Colonel Bowles of hiding himself in a ra- !
vine. If the men knew the state of feeling among ]
their officers, the wonder is, not that they fought (
no longer, but that they fought at all under their
command. '!
General Lane's publication is now disposed of,1
—disproved in all its injurious parts by official '!
documents. I apprehend no attempt to sustain :
his statements. They are utterly indefensible in |
form and fact. And having established the two !
propositions with which I set out, namely: 1st. |
That General Lane made a publication impeaching j
the veracity of General Taylor; and, 2d, that his
publication was false, we have a right to claim !
the admission of the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. j
Bright,] that "he ought to have been removed." I
Eveiybody must be satisfied with the evidence; ■
and General Lane himself must be convinced, for !
his friends here have forced us to force the convic-
tion upon him, that his attempt to blast the honor-
able reputation of his brave and generous com-
mander has proved worse than futile. ;
I would be glad, Mr. President, if it were in my 1
power to anticipate the apology which gentlemen
will oflgfc for this man and this publication. I
know of none. I have endeavored to look at it
on all sides, to see what weak points there may I
be in my position, but here I can find none—no I
mitigation, no apology for this most detestable and
black-hearted calumny. Gentleman on the other
side must endure it, if they endure it at all, must I
excuse it, if they excuse it at all, upon only one I
consideration; and that is, that General Lane was
fighting on their side in a fierce political contest, '
and that this was one of their usual weapons of |
party warfare; that he drew it from the party
armory, and wielded it, as far as he was able, with
effect. If the shaft fell harmless at*he feet of the !
intended victim, it was not the fault of General
Lane; he discharged it with all his force, and the 1
point was well tipped with venom. Let this, then, 1
excuse him, as far as it may, with his own politi-
cal friends; with us he can have no apology. No
words can be too strongto convey the just abhor-
rence of his detestable falsehood and ingratitude.
But I have done with him.
I felt great reluctance to touch this auestion at
aU, as it necessarily involves the consideration of
individual character and conduct. But I may say,
in accordance with the remarks made by the Sen-
ator from North Carolina yesterday, that, if this
resolution had passed, calling for the causes of
removals, and if General Taylor had answered it,
he would have given cauBes for the removals in
the leading cases, such as we have been discussing,
entirely satisfactory to the minds of all candid
men. I do not suppose he would have given rea-
sons in every case, for it would necessarily have
occupied much time, involved much expense, and
resulted in no practical benefit to the country.
The subject of the resolutions were, I believe,
little thought of, certainly but little spoken of by
him, for he well believed, as* did everybody else,
that there was no serious purpose to pass them.
'But, had they passed, and had they been an-
swered, it woula have been found that General
Lane, though one of the most unscrupulous, was
not one of the ablest of those engaged in this
species of warfare. There were older and better
soldiers in the field than he, more matured and
better disciplined in these peculiar tactics, trained
to the destruction of personal character, as the
Thugs of India are trained to the destruction of
individual life. General Lane in this was like the
classic Bardolph in a kindred department of sci-
ence—"he was too open;" "like an unskillful
singer, he kept no time "or measure; he had valor,
but no discretion. But there were others who
managed the business better—old, experienced
manufacturers of libels, who worked them off to
order, and furnished any kind or quantity for their
country customers; and generally, not always, the
public officers of the United States, in the various
sections of the Union, were the branches of issue
from which this false currency was put in circu-
lation.
During the last canvass, and during the exist-
ence of General Taylor's administration, slander
and defamation, which had been before habitual
but measured in their terms, assumed a character
of peculiar violence and ferocity. It is no won-
der; General Taylor was deeply intrenched in the
hearts and affections of the people, and must be
dislodged. His character was bold, marked, and
decisive, such as commands the admiration of
friends and alarms the fears and excites the hatred
of enemies. It must therefore be depreciated and
destroyed. Hence the full flood-tide of party fury
was let loose at once upon him and his adminis-
tration. It is no wonder. The waves dash fiercely
against the bold, promontory which breasts the
deep sea, while they roll smoothly over the sloping
beach and sink to sleep upon its sands.
I do not say that every office-holder who wil
removed placed himself in the same situation with
General Lane, either in class or degree. Many,
however, fall within the same class. There were
those who manufactured the false currency, and
those who gave it circulation knowing it to be
false, or who were reckless of its truth or false-
hood. Generally each one who could say or
write an offensive or insulting thing, said orwrote
it according to his capacity; and those who could
do neither, attended to the distribution of the libels
newly made and placed in their hands. Some
were the presiding officers of political meetings,
or the movers of insulting resolutions. Indeed
the office-holders formed throughout the United
States an organized electioneering corps, paid out
of the public Treasury. Talk of proscription in
removing from office under circumstances like
these! Why, General Taylor, if he respected
himself, if he regarded his friends who had staked
so much upon his fair fame, could hold neither
official nor social intercourse with men whose
daily business was thus to slander and vilify him.
It is of course impossible to classify all the
cases, and refer them in general terms to these
several causes; but I do not know or believe that
j there was a single removal without evidence to
' establish a cause or causes, such as I have named,
! or some other equally cogent.
1 All the cases m which no sufficient reason could
! be made out, General Taylor uniformly refused
I to remove. The Senators from Iowa will recog-
' nize one marked case in their State—that of an
officer with more patronage in Iowa and Wiscon-
sin than all the rest combined, whom he absolutely
; refused to remove, much to the dissatisfaction of
; his fi-iends in that section of the country, because
they could not bring home to the officer any abuse
■ of his official station. Whether he committed
any or not, I do not know. It was not proved
that he did, and General Taylor would not remove
him.
I The charge of proscription made against the
I administration of General Taylor is therefore a
| false charge. He never did carry out the Demo-
! cratic doctrine of removal from office for opinion's
i sake.
The Senator from Iowa is right in the heavy
and indignant censure which he passes upon the
' man or men, whosoever he was, or whosoever
they were, who taught the doctrine " to the vic-
1 tors belong the spoils," and brought its evils upon
our country. I agree with him in the principle; 1
urged it here in my place many years ago, not in
I the samfe choice figures and phrases, for they had
not yet fotlnd their way into the Senate Chamber.
. But to these I do not object; it were idle to dis- *
pute about tastes since we agree in principle, and
it is gratifying to find that that is the case. The
! point which he maintains I maintain. It requires
but a change of phrase, and a change of names,
to make our concurrencecomplete. In the abstract
! proposition we agree exactly—namely, that those
who brought this evil upon our country owe a
I heavy responsibility to the nation and to poster-
| ity. The Senator from Michigan [Mr. Cass]
