1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
73
31st Cong 2d Sess. Removals from Office—Messrs. Cass, Bradbury, and Downs.
Senate.
this time, I have not said one word on the general j
subject of these resolutions. I repeat, I felt I could |
not, without impropriety, in the position in which
I had been placed. The Senator seems to puthis
to law and usage." He is then told there was no
law requiring the transmission of his accounts be-
fore his remoral, but that the law expressly gave
him till the end of the second quarter for that pur-
attack upon Colonel Weller upon something I had pose. And what does he then say in justification
said or done. Had I never opened my mouth the of the act? Why, that he was not removed under
Senator would have brought forward these charges, * this law. Why this is stranger^ yet. If the act
after he found that he had placed the removal
of Colonel Weller upon the utterly indefensible
ground assumed the other day. What is the true i
state of the case, so far as respects any participa- '
tion of mine? I heard Colonel Weller, for whom
I have much regard, charged with having been
removed from a very responsible office because he
had drawn drafts upon the Treasury and had not
forwarded his accounts for settlement. As this i
implied he was a defaulter, and never having heard
such a complaint before, I inquired if they had
been settled at the Treasury. I was answered that
his account had been settled and closed, and that
he owed the United States nothing; and I think it
was added that the balance was the other way.
Well, sir, here was a most extraordinary fact; an
officer removed from office because he had not sent
on his accounts, implying pecuniary delinquency,
when in truth his accounts were received at the
Treasury before the expiration of the time allowed
by the law, and had been settled, leaving him a
creditor. I then took the ground—from whence, ,
the Senator from Ohio says, and says truly, I :
could not be driven—that the law having given to
Colonel Weller till the end of the second quarter
to send on his accounts, and the second quarter
not having expired when he was removed, even if
the time between the 2d and the 31st of March be |
counted as a full quarter, which, by-the-by, would ,
be a most harsh construction, the removal was not |
Of this no one can doubt.
of removal were a mere act of Executive power,
whether arbitrary or discretionary, founded on
the Executive will, its open avowal would have
rendered unnecessary much of this investigation.
But the Senator makes no such avowal. He dis-
avows it in fact. He gives the reason for the re-
moval that the officer had not rendered his accounts.
He gives it, no man can doubt it, as a neglect of
duty, and as a justification for the Executive. If
the law gave the officer six months for the rendi-
tion of his accounts, what right had the Executive
to make a new law, and strike three months from
this time ? He is indeed authorized to order the
rendition of accounts at an earlier day by this same
' statute, when he thinks the public interest requires
| it; but this must be done by a proper Treasury
: order to the officer, as I have before shown; an
order which no one pretends was given to Colonel
Weller, if indeed such a one was ever given in any
case. Here the punishment came before the of-
fence.
A few words more, Mr. President. The Sena-
tor says he gave me notice that he had charges in
reserve, and intimates that I brought on this part
of the discussion. Had I distinctly understood
what the Senator now openly charges, it would
not have altered my course at all, for I have no
fear of any injurious results to Colonel Weller
j from this discussion. But I had not the most re-
! mote idea of what he Bays he alluded to. After
stating the neglect of Colonel Weller, and hi« over-
justifiable by the law.   — . _ .
That I may do no injustice to the Senator, I will!, drafts, as the ground of removal^ he goaed , in an
read from his printed speech what he said upon
this subject:
" He (Colonel Weller) had expended a large amount of
money, for which he had not accounted according to law
and usage, and he continued to draw heavily."
Now, sir, nothing is clearer than that this posi-
tion is utterly indefensible; and the honorable Sen-
ator found it so, or we should have heard nothing
of these second-thought charges of to-day. I
t swer to my question whether a Whig would have
been removed under the same circumstances, that
the information in his possession fully justified the
! removal. I supposed, of course, he referred to
! information respecting the facts he had communi-
j cated, and that those constituted the grounds of
j the Executive action. Nor was I indeed aware i)
till a member of the Senate, whom I have in my j j
  .  ...   __  r_ eye, nor from whom I will take my eye, told'me, i
Ke"edready"sid"thatThela-wTgave Col. "teller I think the next day, that the Senator from Ohio ,
1 the expiration of the quarter succeeding a j' had told him that the habits Of Colonel WeHer
payment to have his accounts at the Treasury. [ wert such as to call for his removal; nor had I
The provisions are, that every officer receiving , the least idea, till this morning, and then I learnt
public money, except for his own compensation, it from another Senator, that the new matter now ,
shall render his accounts therefor " within three ' produced was to ward off this discussion.
months at least after the expiration of each sue- ! Now, sir, I am not going into the examination
cessive quarter," and, if not, that h<? shall be re- ,! of these charges. As to the personal' habits of i,
moved. The reason of this provision, is obvious. Colonel Weller, it is the first time I ever heard!
Payments cannot be made till the quarter has ex- !! they were such as to-incapacitate him for busihess, j:
pired; and often the persons to be paid, as officers | public or private. He has been placed in many
and soldiers, persons in the Indian Department, stations of honor and responsibility by the confi-
light-house keepers, and many others, may be re- i dence of his fellow-citizens, and ha? proved him- !
mote and scattered, and a reasonable time should self equal to all. I regret that such a charge was
be allowed to pay them, and some consideration
should be had for the accidents and delays of the
mails, an4 especially for an officer like Col. Wel-
ler, who was on the other side of the continent.
The time for all this has been therefore fixed at
made here. Most' assuredly it should not have
been hazarded without the clearest proof, while,
on the contrary not a particle has been produced
in its support.
As to the charge of retaining the public money,'
three months. Col. "Weller left the United States ! the Senator knows, as well EiR I do, that it wfts got
on the 2d of March, and he was removed on or
about the 25th of, June. One quarter and a few
days had then expired, instead of the six months
fixed by the law. Now, sir, what right had the
Senator from Ohio to say that Col. Weller " had
not accounted according to law and usage," when
he was removed? , There was no law nor usage
which required his accounts to be rendered till the
expiration of the second quarter. Why, it is ob-
vious that his accounts for the quarter in which he
up and circulated when Colonel Weller was a can
didate for the office of Governor of Ohio; and at j
the very same election, whose violence and unscru-;
pulousness lutvebeen so feelingly depicted and de-,
plored by the honorabre Senator, he received within .
three hundred votes of a sufficient numbed to elect
him Governor of that great State; and till the 16th
of January his nomination was received by the
Senate for the office of commisMoner, from Which
he was removed, and not even referred, but by
was removed could not have been rendered when . unanimous consent the nomination was acted on
the removal took place, if he had then been in
Washington instead of being three or four thou-
sand mines off, -because the end of the quarter,
when alone the payments could be legal and com-
plete, did *ot occur till some days after he had
been dismissed.
I have already remarked that the Senator said 1
would not be driven from my position, and he then
added that the removal did not take place under
this law. Mr. President, this is extraordinary in-
deed. The Senator is asked why Colonel Weller
was removed ? He answers, that he had drawn
drafts, and not rendered his accounts " according
and confirmed the same day. A single member
could have stopped the proceeding; but not one
member, political friend or foe, was found to do
it. I think Colonel Weller, may well rest upon
these proofs of confidence, given after these charges
had been publicly proclaimed through the country.
So far as respects the facts, they have been all
fully explained heretofore.
Mr. BRADBURY said: Mr. President, I have
but few remarks to make, and propose to occupy
the attention of the Senate but for a very short
time. While this resolution was under considera-
tion at the last session, I said all that I designed
to say on the subject. It was not my purpos* to
take any part in the debate at this time; and I
should not now do it, had not certain remarks
fallen from Senators on the other side of the Cham-
ber, which call for some reply from me. After the
interesting episode upon two cases ortemdval, in
regard to which so much has been said, I wish to
call b&ck the attention of the Senate to the general
object of the resolution. That object was, not to
consider one or two cases merely, but to vindicate
the thousands of faithful public officers who hare
been hurled from their places by the late Adminis-
tration for their political principles. The honora-
ble Senator from Ohio [Mr. eWing] has just fur-
nished the most ample justification for the original
resolution. He has proved that it was imperiously
demanded as an act of justice to the removed. He
has asserted, as I understand him, that the remov-
als made by the late Administration, of which
he was a conspicuous member, were for cause
other than political opinions, and that no removals
were made on that ground idone! He contends,
then, in substance, that the thousands of victims
of the late proscription were men unfit to be suf-
fered to remain in office? Up to this time this
wholesale assault upon the official character of the
late incumbents has been left mainly to insinua-
tion and inference. It now assumes a bolder form.
It is more distinct, and I am glad it is presented
in such a shape. The proposition is, I conceive,
so unwarranted by the facts that will be found to
exist in every portion of the country, that the bare
statement of it is a sufficient refutation, and calls
for no further comment,
But the honorable Senator from North Carolina
[Mr. Mangum] complains not only of the intro-
duction of the resolution, but of the time it has
engaged the attention of the Senate. A single fact
is a sufficient answer to this complaint. The hon-
orable Senators to \frhom I have just referred
[Messrs. Ewing and Mangum] have themselves
consumed more time in the attempt to justify two
removals than I have done in the entire discussion
at the last session and this, in vindicating the char-
acter of the many thousands who have been re-
moved. I repeat, these honorable Senators have
taken more time on these two cases than I have
occupied from the beginning to the end of the de-
bate! And yet it is from this quarter that we hear
the complaint of waste of time!
But this is not all. At the very beginning of
the discussion, as the Senator from North Caro-
lina will recollect, I stated that it was not the re-
movals which I complained of, but that an impu-
tation was left upon the character of those who
were removed, and my object was their vindica-
tion; and that if any friend of the Administration
would rise in his place, and candidly acknowledge
on its behalf that the removals had been made
from political considerations, and thus remove the
unjust imputation of official on1 rhoral delinqttetuy, I
would withdraw the resolution. Magnanimity
and truth required this admission} and if there
had been a desire to save time, here was an oppor-
tunity to accomplish that purpose. The President
stood pledged against the appropriation of the
offices as the spoils of party victory; and when a
change of policy was adopted, his friends had no
right to conceal the change, by undermining the
reputation, or trumping up fictitious charges against
those whose places they coveted.
The Senator further complains that this resolu-
tion was offered at a time of public danger, when
it was unsuitable to present such subjects for con-
sideration. In this the honorable Senator is mis-
taken as to the fact. It was offered early in the
last session, and before the agitation had c<mi-
rnenced to which he refers. It afterwards served
the valuable purpose of breaking in upon that ex-
cited sectional discussion which was prosecuted
so long to the distraction of the country. And I
take this occasion to remark, that this agitation
was but the natural result of elevating to power a
candidate without a distinct declaration of the
principles by which he was to be guided in ad-
ministering the Government. It was the result
of that struggle that must ever arise to determine
which shall prevail and which has been deceived,
when different sections of the country regard an'
Administration coming into power as pledged to
different and opposite principles. It should teach
a lesson by which to profit hereafter; for, if the
