14
appendix to the congressional globe.
[Jan.
h
31st Cong "2d Sess. Removals from O ffice—Messrs. Cass, Bradbury,and Downs.
Senate.
pohpy of non-committalism could again be tolera-
ted aiid prove successful, a similar result would be
probable, if not inevitable.
But the Senators from Ohio and North Carolina,
who have addressed the Senate on this subject^
auempt'to cHange the issue from a discussion ot
general principles, respecting the use and abuse of
executive patronage by the late Administration, to
a consideration of two particular cases of removals;
and I rearret to sav that the individuals referred to
have been assailed with much severity.
Mr. MAXGUM. Will the Senator give way
for a moment ? I feel that I am under obligation
to speak with great caution in my place here,
when I touch the character of anybody. The re-
mark of the honorable Senator is too comprehen-
sive. I have not said a single syllable affecting
Colonel Wtiler. So far from it, 1 remarked yes-
terday that I have had but a slight acquaintance „
with him, but, so far as that acquaintance would
enable me to judge of him, I had found him a
pleasant and agreeable gentleman, and I had
nothing to say of him which would in any extent
disparage his merits, either as a gentleman or as
an officer of the Government. 1 will further re-
mark that, so far from making any assault upon
General Lane, I have carefully abstained from
running out, as I might easily have done, into the
obvious inferences from the tacts which I felt it
my duty to lay before the Senate; but I left it to
other gentlemen to make their own reflections. It
was not, therefore, my purpose to assault the
character of either of those gentlemen. My object
was simplv to vindicate the original suggestion of
facts that I made, and to leave it to the Senate to
judge of them.
Mr. BRADBURY resumed. I should have
done no injustice to the remarks of the Senator
from North Carolina. I understood him to refer
to the case of General Lane, and that it was the
Senator from Ohio who had made the attack upon
Colonel Weller. But suppose the Senators could
have succeeded in vindicating the removal in both
cases, what would it amount to? Two cases, and
two cases only, out of thousands ! But let us see
how far they have succeeded, or rather how sig-
nally they have failed in their attempt. I will
glance at these cases for a moment only.
A few days ago the honorable Senator from
Ohio took occasion to state the grounds for the re-
moval of General Lane. He was a member of
the Cabinet at the time it took place, and had the
means of knowing precisely what they were. He
specified them to be a failure to make a seasonable
report to the Department as Indian agent, and
complaints from the people of Oregon. I will give
the reasons in his own words:
" The Senator also refers to two cases of removals—Gen-
eral Lane, Governor ofOregon, and Colonel Weller, of the
boundary commission—and speaks of these as cases of
naked proscription. In this he is incorrect. As to Gov-
ernor Lane, no report was made by him to the Department
for a very long tune afti r his appointment. Gre.it com-
plaints were made against him from the Territory of Oregon,
and from more authentic and reliable sources, which the
Eiecuuve ought to respect. There were, therefore, reasons
for his removal, as well official as political."
These were the reasons assigned. "Therefore,"
says the honorable Senator—" therefore" there
were reasons for his removal.
As soon as the Senator gave his specifications,
they were met by the most triumphant vindica-
tion from General Lane's friends here. It was
shown that he was removed before he had been
long enough in Oregon to be called upon to make
his report. He had arrived in that distant Terri-
tory in March; he had the government to organ-
ize, the legislature to be convened, and numerous
distant tribes of Indians to visit, and his suc-
cessor was appointed in the August following his
arrival. No complaints from the Territory were
produced from authentic sources, or any other
sources. The files of the Departments contained
none whatever. The Senator from Ohio was him-
self aware of the extent of the failure to justify
the removal; hence it was that he produced to-
day certain complaints made by the Delegate
from Oregon. I did not understand the honor-
able Senator to state at the outset the tfate of
these complaiats. The Senator from Iowa signifi-
cantly inquired if they were before or after the re-
moval had been made, and it was admitted they
■were after! Complaints made more than a year
after this officer had been removed, presented as
grounds of removal! "With what fairness could
these complaints be dragged in here to-day us
causes for an act, when they had no existence at
the time the act took place? As to the complaints
themselves, they seem to be fully answered by
the legislative action of the people ot Oregon, ap-
proving, in the warmest terms, the official conduct
of General Lane as Governor of the Territory,
and expressing deep regret at his removal.
The honorable Senator from North Carolina
perceived that the Senator from Ohio had been
driven from the ground he had assumed, and he
comes to his aid and attempts to substitute another
ground of justification, totally different from that
presented by the Senator who was a member of
the Cabinet at the time. It is, that General Lane
had given cause for personal offence to General
Taylor, in a letter which he published respecting
the conduct of the 2d Indiana regimentat the battle
of Buena Vista. I do not understand the letter as
warranting the construction that has been given to
it by the honorable Senator. Its object was to
correct erroneous impressions, and set history
right in regard to the subject, and not to impeach
the veracity or honor of General Taylor.
That regiment, as every one will recollect, after
it had sustained, with the firmness of veteran
troops, a most destructive fire of a large force of
the enemy, until nearly one fourth of its number
had fallen in their places, gave way and fled. In
the official reports of the battle the conduct of
these troops was the subject of censure, and Gen-
eral Taylor alludes to them as "fugitives." It
soon began to be known that there was a fact
existing that went far to relieve these troops from |
the reproach that had been thrown upon them. It .,
was, that they had been ordered by their com-
manding officer to cease firing and fall back, before
they moved from their position.
A court of inquiry was called, and upon investi-
gation the fact was established before the court
that Colonel Bowles, the officer in command, had
given the order to " cease firing and fall back."
Their retreat was in consequence of this order. .
The report of this court of inquiry, so important !
to the vindication of these troops, according to
military usage, must have gone through the hands
of the Commander-in-Chief, in its transmission to
the War Department. The complaint of General
Lane was this, that when this important fact was
ascertained and established by the court of inquiry,
composed of officers of high charaeter, at the head
of which stood one of the most gallant men of the
army, who was present on the field, and himself ;
led the troops that first came up and held the enemy
in check, after the Indiana regiment had given way
—that when this fact was thus established, General
Taylor did not, by a supplemental report, call at-
tention to it, and relieve them from the imputation
that rested on them.
General Lane believed that General Taylor
nia [Mr. G wis-} a few days ago. I propose only
to notice the charge that has been brought against
him to-day by the Senator from Ohio, of being a
defaulter. The Senator from Michigan [Mr. Cass]
has already stated that this is an old charge that
was used against him in an electioneering cam-
paign, and when the facts were explained, it was
found to be so futile as to be treated by the peo-
ple of Ohio as unworthy of notice. I have just
been informed by a member of Congress from that
State tliat the debt referred to by the Senator as
due from Colonel Weller was as amply secured
as any other of the debts where the commission-
ers had loaned the money placed in their hands for
that purpose. Now, the remarks of the Senator
from Ohio were calculated to leave the impression
that the State had lost by Colonel Weller's defal-
cation. I trust there is no disposition to do injus-
tice to that gentleman.
Mr. EWING, (interposing.) I said nothing
about its being lost. He had received the public
money,had used it himself, and became a default-
er. I did not say it was lost.
Mr. GWIN. Does the honorable Senator say
that the money is now due, and has not been
paid ? . .
Mr. EWING. I cannot say whether it is due
now or not; it was due when he left.
Mr. GWIN. It was a question in chancery;
it has been paid since, I understand.
Mr. BRADBURY. The honorable Senator is
aware that the money was deposited in the hands
of the commissioners for the purpose of being
loaned. That was the object of the deposit; ana
yet he presents it as a case of an attempt to de-
fraud the public.
1 Mr. EWING. I will suggest that the money
is placed in the hands of the cashier of a bank to
be loaned out, and not to be used by himself, and
he is not excusable if he uses, even if he gives
good security for it afterwards
Mr. BRADBURY. The difference is, that the
commissioners are not in the situation ot a cash-
ier, but rather of the directors of a bank, whose
I, business it is to attend to the subject of loaning
' the funds. But I do not propose to dwell longer
upon these cases. The attempt to show cause for
the removal in both has turned out, as it appears
to me, a failure. Let the result be as it mav^
has little to do with the general question. Tl^P
are thousands of cases where no justification has
been attempted.
When the resolution came up some days ago,
I forbore entering into the discussion, and hoped
to get a vote upon it at once. I did not allude to
the cases that have become so prominent, nor
single them out as tests. I had no acquaintance
with either of the gentlemen. The honorable
Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Dodge] and other Sena-
tors, who were their personal friends, undertook
to vindicate them from what they believed to be
should have done this as an act of justice; and j ■ imputations
when he returned home and found these men suf-
fering under unmerited obloquy, it is natural that
his sympathies should be aroused in their behalf.
He published a communication in their vindica-
tion, in which he expressed himself with warmth j
in reference to the injustice which he believed had |
been done to them. If he spoice with unneces- |
sary severity of what he regarded as the wrong |
done by General Taylor, it was but the part of t
magnanimity to overlook it under the peculiar cir-
cumstances of the case. He could never have
been removed on this account. The honorable
Senator from North Carolina does great injustice j
to the character of General Taylor by attempting
to place the removal on such grounds. Here is
an officer, who is admitted to have been a faithful
public servant, possessing the most ample qualifi- 1
cations for his station, in the discharge of important
official duties almost three thousand miles from the j
seat of Government; and yet General Taylor is
represented as being eo wanting in magnanimous
forbearance as to use his official power to avenge I
a personal slight or injury. This is, in effect, the
' position assumed. It places the removal of a pub-
lic officer on private grounds of personal hostility,
and does great injustice to General Taylor in as-
suming that he carried such feelings with him into
the executive chair.
In regard to Colonel Weller, ample justice was
done him by the honorable Senator from Califor-
did it effectually. But this digression to individual
cases does not change the issue. If a plausible
pretext or a defence could be devised in one or two
cases, it-by no means follows that a justification
is made out in all the rest. And yet, this is the
argument of the Senator from Ohio. I protest
against such logic. The inquiry still remains, for
what cause the thousands of others have been pro-
scribed in every part of the country. Does any
one believe that it was not from political consider-
ations, on account of the political principles of the
incumbents, and generally on that account alone?
I will refer to the State I have the honor in part to
represent, and ask the Senator from Ohio if he will
assert here, in direct terms, that the proscriptions
by the late Administration, embracing every officer
whose nomination comes before the Senate, with
a solitary exception, and "going down to the low
water mark," to search out the small port officers
and light-house keepers, was not on account of
the political opinions of the officers who were re-
moved? For what else was the late marshal, an
early companion in arms of General Taylor, thrust
out, and an active politician put in his place. He
was a gentleman of character, a faithful public
officer—far less obnoxious to this new charge of
active partisanship even than his successor; he
had held the place but a short time, (about a year,)
bestowed upon him by President Polk as a mar
of regard, arising from their service together m
