1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
75
31st Cong Sess.
Removals from OJke—Metsrs. Can, Bradbury, and Downt.
SBMATB.
CMfRWi ud I now call upon the Senator from !
Oh >, who 1ms nwdf a general impeachment of the 1
m wy why he was removed, if not for
h  j«hueaJ pniKipl«. I will "ire way for a reply,
and .vl"w the Senatnr to make it now. He aoea
not do it—he is liknl. 1 affirm, and i hare a
n;bt i  affirm, (bat no other cause can be found.
I !u«e relVrred to thi* case tta an illustration of the
int. 1 might go on and instance the collectors,
the dwtrwt attorney, the postmasters, and urge
the same considerations; but it is not necessary,
and I will forbear.
The removal* by General Jackson which have
been referred to afford no justification or palliation
for those under the late Administration. Theybesr
bo just comparison in extent, or in the circumstan-
ces attending them. When President Jackson came
her*, more than three fourths of the offices in this
District were held by persons opposed to him, and
he never made changes enough to fire half the
ptaca to his friends. Now, every head of a bureau,
and every chief clerk, with one or two exceptions,
is a Whig. If we look beyond the District, there
were but two hundred and eijhty three officers ap-
pointed by the President, with the concurrence of
the Senate, removed during the twelve years of
the Democratic administrations of Jackson and
Van Buren, while the late anti-proscriptive Whig
Administration has left but few monuments of its
span 115 mercy throughout the Union. General
Jackson's proscription reached four hundred and
ninety-one postmaster* in the first year; General
Taylor's liberality and toleration struck down
more than three thousand in the same time! The
one came into power upon party issues, fairly
made; the other upon " no-party" professions,
and pledges against proscription; yet it has made
more removals in a single year than were made by
every other Administration together, (Harrison
and Tyler's excepted,) from the organization of
the Govern men t down to 1849.
I oarht to notice, perhaps, the regret expressed
by the Senator from Ohio, that the late President
could not hare had an opportunity to respond to
the resolution at the last session. I regret it quite
as sincerely as the honorable Senator; but I must
remind him that h was declared here by those
whose relations with the President were of such
co^dential character as to authorize the belief that
t^Bspoke from authority that no such response
Mid have been made. This new position has
the appearance of an after-thought.
The general imputations against the character of
whole classes of men—the insinuation that rea-
sons might be given for the removals whieh are
delicately withheld-^do great injustice to many
honorable men. They are aa destitute of just
foundation as they are unfair. The flimsy pre-
text eannot conceal the inconsistency between
the professions and the practice of the late Ad-
ministration. It is contrary to every law of
honorable political warfare to rob men of their
character, after depriving them of office. It would
he more politic as well as honest to come out
frankly and acknowledge the fact that the true
reason for the removal of Democrats was that the
offices were wanted for the Whiga. Do this, and
we will not complain. You are welcome to the
offices; we do not object to their loss. All we ask :
is, that you cease this unjust warfare upon the
character of all thoae you have proscribed, which
has been waged to cover up the violated pledges
upon which you rode into power.
Mr. DOWNS. Mr. President, I did not think
that anything could be said on this subject that
would induce me to enter into its discussion. I
hare had no taste for it at all, and I have been
sorry that it has continued so long. I have been
anxious to get clear of the whole debate, the first
time that an opportunity was offered. But there
were some positions assumed by the honorable
Senator from Ohio, in his speech to-day, that seem
to me so extraordinary that I must be permitted
to give them a passing remark. I have had noth-
ing to do, and do not now propose to interfere with
the controversy brovht before the Senate, and so
elaborately discussed, as to the conduct and char-
acter of the two distinguished individual* removed.
That will be left to others better acquainted with
the facts than I am; but 1 wish to notice some of
the inferences and the conclusions to which the
Senator from Ohio comes, and which have a bear-
ing in other quarters, and against those individuals
who have been removed in my own States as well
aa else*' here.
He assumes that those on this side of the House
who have attempted to show that there was not
sufficient cause tor removal in those two cases,
having failed to establish their position, as he con-
tends, and with so much confidence, it seems that
he expect* us to acquiesce that in all other cases
there was good cause for the removal. It is against
a conclusion of that kind that I object, and object
most strenuously. That is the only point I have
ever considered in thia resolution. I hare never
contested the right of all parties to remove those
who hold office under the Government, and never
denied that it is the practice of all parties to do so;
but I do contest and object to the right of any
Administration to turn out officers, ana to stigma-
tize them and blacken their characters.
To show, Mr. President, how utterly unfounded
this position is, taken aa applied to some of the
princijial officers of my own State, I will mention
that this very question was raised in apolitical
contest which occurred in Louisiana. Tlie alle-
gation was distinctly made and published that the
principal officers in Louisiana, the collector of the
customs, the district attorney, and postmaster and
others at New Orleans, were removed without
cause other than political. It was made a politi-
cal point, aid speeches were delivered and pub-
lished, and it never was contradicted there, be-
cause it never could be contradicted, that they
were removed for political reasons, and for them
alone. I think that I can prove to the honorable
Senator himself that there is something in his own
political course which admits that they were re-
moved without cause, as to one of then at least.
If I recollect rightly the district attorneys were at
that time under the immediate supervision of his
Department. There is a power vested in that De-
partment, or in the bureaus connected with it, of
employing additional counsel aad paying them ex-
tra in great suits in which the United States may
be interested. I am informed, indeed I know it to
be a fact, that the very next mail after .the one
that carried out the removal of the late district at-
torney, carried a direction that he should lie em-
ployed as special counsel in an important case or
cases in that State. He was so employed and
rendered important services. He has presented his
accounts and they have lain in the Departments up
to this time, waiting for adjudication. And yet the
gentleman would have us believe he was removed
Tor incompetency, or some other personal objection.
Mr. EYVING. I did not state that that gentle-
man was removed for incompetency.
Mr. DOWNS. I drew that general inference
from the gentleman's remarks.
The PRESIDENT. Gentlemen mustnotinter-
rupt the speaker without permission.
Mr. DOWNS. Again: I will state another fact
to show that these inferences ought not to be drawn
and applied to the officers in my State. The men
in these particular offices are well known to the
State. All of them I believe hare received high
stations from the public voice. One of them, very
recently postmaster of that city, at the very last
election was returned to a seat in the other House
of Congress, and against an opponent that ran
against his lamented predecessor, by a majority
nearly double what was usually obtained in the
district. And I am informed, and it cannot be
doubted, that not only all the Democrats but a great
many Whigs voted for him, and voted for him
chiefly because he was turned out of office; but
not so much on that account an because of the gen-
era] imputation that none were turned out except
there were good reasons for it—the ground on
which the honorable Senator places all the removals
of the late Administration.
Another fact. The gentleman would have us
believe that no removals had taken place unless for
sufficientcause, found after investigation. If there
was sufficient cause there must have been an investi-
gation. Now, I will tell you my experience of an in-
vestigation in one case. There was in my State a
very little office—one of the smallest that comes be-
fore the Senate—aland office appointment, thecoma
missions of which will not amount to butaifew hun-
dred dollars. It was expected that the incumbent
would be removed, and it would not have been ob-
jected to if done in the ordinary way. But he had
reason to believe, and I had reason to believe, that
charges would be made against him,because prep-
: arations had been made before the Adiuimstra*
! tion came into power. And 1 had reason to be-
lieve that charges had been actually sent and were
somewhere in Washington. Not tt) save the
office, but to save the reputation of the man, I left
on record in the proper department of the Govern-
ment a request that if any particular charge should
be made against this officer, that he or 1 or some-
body else should have notice of it, that he might be
vindicated. Yet no notice was taken of it, but he
was removed.
The honorable Senator has been minute in some
parts of history in giving an account of removals
that have taken place heretofore,hut I mttst be per-
mitted to say that I thought his history was very
imperfect as to one period, and that was a period
when he formed a pert of the Administration.
He was very careful to tell us how many removals
were made in 1829, but he did not tell us how
many were made in March, 1841. I wish he had
gone into that history, for if he had, I am sure he
would have found that, in his own position, at
least, a great change has taken place on this sub-
ject of removals since that time. For it was a fact
well known at the time—I recollect it because I
saw the documents and letters—that it was pub-
licly and distinctly avowed that removals were
made for political reasons alone. A contrary po-
sition is now assumed.
If I recollect rightly, it has been suggested, per-
haps by the honorable Senator from North Caro-
lina, if not by him, by some other engaged in this
debate, that General Taylor never made a removal
unless he thought there was sufficient cause. That
may be. I have so great a regard and veneration
for the memory of that good old man, I would be
glad to believe that were the case. But if it was
so, he must have been much more deceived by
those who surrounded him than most Presidents
havebeen. In my own State, of the individuals
who were in the most conspicuous offices, and who
must have been personally known to him, none
had assailed him, and never had uttered a word
but of the utmost respect and kindness to him. If
the impression was made on that good old man
that there were serious charges against such men
as these—reasons why they should be put out-
then the world lias never yet known bow much he
was deceived.
If it was necessary to go into this subject, it
would be found that the principal officers removed
in Louisiana were distinguished not only for high
ability and most unimpeachable characters, but
also by their moderation in politics and their re-
spectful bearing towards their opponents. Take
tne collector, for instance, take the district attor-
ney, take the postmastes. They were J\1I Demo-
1 crats, and always had been, ana they were men
who appreciated the duties of their offices and
vocations, and never made themselves active, or
busy, or violent, or denunciatory in politics. On
the contrary, they were_ proverbially and well
known to. every Whig in Louisiana as being
exactly to the contrary, and moderate to a great
degree. In the last contest, which was a warm
one in Louisiana, that was a serious objection
made to the most of them by some of their friends.
I recollect that the objection was made to the dis-
trict attorney that he was perfectly quiescent—not
taking even that small part which an office-holder
might conscientiously take. He devoted himself
to his business solely. And yet the gentleman
leaves it to be inferred that no removal was made
under General Taylor's administration except for
causes other than political. Such an inference
may apply to other States, but I know it can have
no application whatever to the removals which
were made in my own State.
I have merely said this much on the present
occasion because I thought that perhaps my silence
might be construed into an acquiescence in the in-
ference which may be drawn from the remarks of
the honorable Senator. It was with that view,
and not with the view of entering into the discus-
sion—for I wish it had ceased long ago, and I hope
it will cease very soon—that I have Baid what I
have. When I heard an imputation indirectly
made against a portion of my fellow-citizens or 01
my party, I felt it my duty to trouble the Senate
; with these few remarks.
