78
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 15,
31st Cong '2d Sess.
Cession of the Pubiic Lands—Mr. Walker.
Senate.
' that would become so under your present policy,
■illation such as desire and will be contented : and the amount in ten years would be about
hill; for if we do not by its provisions receive as
P°(
with small possessions, we will receive those wIiq,
lured by the increasing value of western lands and
resources, will bring capital with them, and em-
ploy it where there is less competition, with a view
to obtaining large possessions. When we shall
have capital vou will find no mean competitor in
the mistily West in manufacturing; nor will Bos-
ton, New York, Philadelphia, and Baltimore find
trifling competitors in Charleston, Mobile, and
New Orleans, as commercial marts. The latter is
oar natural mart anyhow, by reason of the down-
stream navigation, without toll or storms, to her
verv wharves; and the two former will be more
naturally so than the eastern cities named, when
the great central railroad from Chicago to Mobile,
with its branch roads, shall have been completed.
As manufacturers, too, we will be in the centre of
population and a home market, while we are far
removed from competing imports, with which you
will have to contend after the embarrassing with-
drawal of your now western and southern market.
It will be perceived that we may be kept volun-
tary, but can never be made compulsory tributaries
of the old eastern States. Settle the public lands
with an agricultural people, and we remain the for-
mer; drive us to manufacturing, and we will nei-
ther be that nor the latter.
The practical bearing of the measure upon the
revenues of the Government is of next importance.
I will repeat a truism and opinion, expressed by
me on a former occasion, for the purpose of brief-
ly enlarging upon it, premising, however, that it
is a little wonderful that it should not have struck
the Senator from Michigan while presenting his
side of the same subject. It is this:
" Until direct taxation shall be resorted to, the great and
important source of revenue to the Government must be du-
ties on foreign imports. Now, every one knows that the
amount thus to be received is enhanced as the number of
consumers of foreign import* is increased. Hence I con-
lend that the revenue would be increased by the policy pro-
posed ; for, by increasing the number of agricultural pro-
ducers, you increase the number of import consumers? and
their ability to consume—or, in other words, their ability to
purchase for consumption. The Government, i have no
doubt, would be the gainer in her revenue after sacrificing
her receipts from the public lands."
No one except the Senator will deny, I presume,
that the measure would establish as producers,
within the next ten years, at least five hundred
thousand persons. Now, supposing that by the '
tenth year the ability of these persons to purchase
and consume dutiable articles would be increased
but §50 each, here would be an increased consump-
tion in value of $25,000,000. The increase of reve-
nue from this source alone, at the present tariff of
30 percent., would be $7,500,000 for the year 1861.
Add to this $836,152—the annual expense of the
present land system, which would be saved to the
Government—and yoft have an aggregate increase
of revenue for that year alone, without estimating
the intermediate increase and saving, of $8,336,152.
The saving alone for this whole period would be
£8,361,520. This is an increase of revenue, as
Bcrke would say, "through the political secre-
tions of thj country;" but the Senator from Mich-
igan says it is but one part of the community paying
for what is enjoyed by the other. It looks to me a
good deal like an ample remuneration for liberal
treatment and a just policy.
Now, sir, keep your lands, and what 'will they
net you for the whole ten years? Let us see: As
before stated, the net money-proceeds for 1849
were $983,343. This is greater than they will
ever be again, particularly if you make the last
issue of the bounty land warrants negotiable. But
take this amount, and multiply it through the
whole term, and you have but $9,833,433 for the 1
entire period, compared to $8,336,152, the increase
and saving of one year alone under the measure
proposed, and the additional saving for the time,
$7,525,368—making an aggregate of $15,861,520.
Such would be the comparative results under
your present revenue system; but if resort be had
to direct taxation, the revenue advantages of this ,
measure to the Government over the policy of
keeping the lands unproductive and untaxable
would still be great. The extent cannot be cal-
■culated with certainty, but may be approximated, j
Then assuming that the amount of land which j
would become individual property and subject to ,
taxation would be only tnree times the amount j
150,000,000 of acres. Supposing this to be worth
settled, $10 per acre, an ad valorem tax of only
one mill to the dollar, or ten cents to the hundred
dollars, would yield a revenue of $1,500,000, in-
creasing annually in amount, but diminishing in
rate; and which, added to the expense saved,
$836,152, makes an aggregate of $2,336,152, to be
compared again with $983,343, only, and that
continually decreasing in amount to the Govern-
ment. Add to all this the vast national wealth
which would be created by the encouragement
and impetus given to agricultural production, and
the pecuniary and revenue advantages of the meas-
ure we are discussing will appear incalculable.
Let one item suffice as an example: Suppose but
one foufth of the land I have mentioned to be cul-
tivated in wheat in 1861, and to produce but ten
bushels per acre, (it will produce from twenty to
forty)—the value of this, at eighty cents per
bushel, would be three hundred and twenty
millions of dollars ! And yet we have said
nothing of horses, cattle, sheep, beef, pork, wool,
cotton, sugar, rice, tobacco, hemp, flax, and the
various other products of labor and agaiculture,
all of which constitute a vast source of revenue as
well as of individual comfort.
Perhaps the Senator from Michigan begins to
perceive by this time that there are two sides to
this view of the question. If not, I must notice
one other objection urged by him. It was this:
" that the measure would depreciate property now
held by States and individuals." Why, sir, the
very opposite would be its effect. In the country,
as in the city, it is not the price demanded or paid
for one lot of land that increases the value of that
adjoining; but the improvements made and the busi-
ness done upon it. Take the land owner in a sparse
settlement of the West; and could you do him a
greater favor than to give the lands about him to
those who would settle and improve them .'—create
a necessity for,and the means to support, schools,
roads, mills, workshops, and villages.' Or, take
the New York and Boston Land Company, whose
lands stretch across the State of Illinois; and could
: you benefit them more than by settling the lands
about them, and hemming in theirs with improved
farmsThe same may be said of the school and
other lands of the States. Why, really, sir, if I
had not known better, I should have supposed,
when the Senator was urging this objection, that
he yet lived in J)Iaine, instead of Michigan. As it
is, I must think that he has lived a very superficial
observer. The property of the non-landholding
State would be increased in value, through the in-
creased importance of the commerce and trade of
those States, as before stated. To you of the old
States I repeat: You have every inducement to
yield the measure under consideration. Why do
you—why will you withhold it.' It can be but
from two other considerations: that of political
power, and that of herding and crowding your labor-
ing population, until you can force down the
wages of labor to the european standard.
In regard to the first of these, I again think you
reason from false premises to erroneous conclu-
sions. You may lose relative political power
through this measure, by promoting the growth
of the West; but this is inevitable, whatever policy
you may pursue; for if the West do not receive
1 your surplus poor and suffering population, it will
receive, though not so soon., a full equivalent in
numbers of your abler population. If you fear to
suffer a positive loss of political power by a dimi-
nution of your present numbers, remember this
would equally be the case whichever class the
West might receive. But is this possible, or at
least probable? When, for the same period of
time, have you ever given off so many of your
numbers to people the West, as since 1840? And
when, for a like period, have you ever increased
so rapidly in population ? Never. The reason
is, the natural richness of the West, developed
within that time, gives reputation and invites im-
migration to the whole country; which immigration,
together with your natural increase, more than
makes up your loss and usual increase.
If to accumulate and crowd a surplus laboring
population, until you have driven it to European
want and misery, until you have forced down
wages to a European standard, be your motive
| i for withholding the public domain from free set-
tlement, you might as well—you had better—
abandon it, if vou love your country. I tell you
but what you know: this can never be done under
this Government—it can never be done, and this
Republic stand. You must fuse it into a tyranny
or despotism first. Thank God, you have no
power here, as in England, to transport men to
Van Dieman's Land for seeking to obtain by
combination a pittance for their labor sufficient to
allay the cravings of nature. Nor dare yon do
what Louis Phillippe did in '45—send the soldiery
to work in place of the carpenters who had aban-
doned their employment because they could not
obtain for their labor a like pittance. You know
too well the results of this to him.
But it can hardly be that this is with any one an
actuating motive in his opposition to this measure.
It would barely seem possible that an American
could desire to see his countrymen rendered so
wretched as to be driven to labor in the mines or
at the forge for fourteen cents a day, as in Sweden
the laborer is compelled to do; or as in Russia,
where, by the testimony of Erman, the laborer
is compelled to tail at the forges or the mines of
the Ural mountains, thirteen and a half hours per
day, for eight and a quarter kopeks, (less thufi a
penny,) if single, but with the addition of eighty
pounds of rye meal per month if he be a man qf
family; where the yearly wages of labor are but
four Prussian dollars! Though this is bitter, cheer-
less toil to the laborer, its fruits are sweet to the
Russian tyrant, as they doubtless would be to
the American who might desire a similar state of
things at home. Those fruits are, that the Rus-
sian iron-master is enabled to manufacture iron, to
transport it from the Urals in boats, three thou-
sand miles to St. Petersburg—descending on the
route nine hundred feet, reascending again six hun-
dred more to the point of shipment—and to ship
it thence four thousand miles to our shores; and
here, after paying a duty of thirty per cent., to
undersell the American iron-master, and return
with wealth to revel in Russian luxury. These
, are the wages and these the fruits of that system
jj of toil which such an American—if such there be!
j —would impose upon gaunt and houseless pov-
erty. May Providence put far hence the sunless
day! When it shall come—and come it musj^hj
things now tend—the prophetic words of the &Kr-
ator from Kentucky, [Mr. Clay,] in his late speech
at Lexington, will have been fulfilled. In speak-
ing of the future, he says:
"The density of the population of the United States will
then be so great, there will be such reduction in the price
and value of labor, as to render it much cheaper to employ
I free than slave labor; and slaves becoming a burden to
their owners, will be voluntarily disposed of, and allowed
to go free."
And are we, then, approaching so mournful a
condition in the affairs of the working classes ?
Yes, it is too true! and as surely will we reach it
as that other countries have, unles we use the pre-
ventive before it be too late. But before we reach
it—though it may be soon—the triumph of op-
pression, accumulated wealth and heartless luxury
j over the struggles of the destitute for food and
L freedom, will have thrown this Republic, with its
II liberty and glory, into the dark receptacle of things
: ( that are no more—the past! Before this final
i triumph, poverty and toil will have made many
' fitful efforts for relief, and to be free; but power will
gather power, and wealth increase in wealth, till
I crowded want, at last worn out and starved, must
sink down in hopeless need and servitude. This
has ever been the result in every land; it will be
the result in this, unless you now, or soon, to some
| extent, withdraw your cares from the mere inci-
dents of life, and class, and luxury, and turn them
to the absolute and never-ceasing wants and de-
mands of man and nature. To ao this to any
effect, you must secure to man as man a rightful
' place on earth. Leave the great mass dependent
upon the few for a mere charitable tenure in the
soil, and you leave them with but a charitable tenure
in their lives or their liberties. But allow them a
certain tenure and right to Us possession, and they
can use it for the purpose, at least, for which the
Creator gave it—that of independent self-subsistence.
From the earth each individual can obtain, if no
more, his food and raiment, and on it have a home.
With these he can hurl a yeoman's defiance at petty
