1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
79
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Cession of the PubKc Lands—Mr. Walker.
Senate.
tyranny, defend the State, and advance the true
glory of his country, while he rejoices that wealth
exists to advance as well its splendor.
Who would not rejoice at so pleasing and
peaceful a harmony in the political and social sys-
tem.9 And yet it is but the consummation of true
democracy—but the fulfillment of the designs of
our fathers when they declared " that govern-
aged parents, soon bring back the toiler to her I
scantier crust.
Now, sir, if land be dear, what alternative has
province of human labor, and cut off that soufce
of human subsistence, legislation and land mo-
nopoly have cut off the only other—a resort to
the landless laborer in such an extremity but to i the bosom of the earth. We are treading fast
surrender his life or his freedom?—but to starve,
or to become an abject dependant * And land is
sure to become dear. Machinery having driven so
many from the bench, the anvil, and the workshop,
VU( iUhUI.1 ■ T  ItVU WVVilM VIA «UU* gVf U ; ••••—!    ™"" 9 —   >    _   I I
ments were established among men to secure the j to take refuge in the soil, like everything else the
absolute, the inalienable right to life, liberty, and
the pursuit of happiness, with which men were
endowed by their Creator." Cement thus the
affections of the people to your government and
institutions, and the eternal pyramid stands not
more firmly on its base, than will this Republic
and the Union stand upon their foundation.
But as things now progress and tend, we can
soil becomes scarcer and scarcer in proportion to
the demand, till at last it can no longer lie had at
living rates; for, unlike everything else in which
wealth is permitted to speculate, its quantity
cannot be increased as the demand is enlarged.
Starvation or passive dependence is the result to
landless industry, while, in the language of Lord
John Rcsseli., "the higher classes advance in
console ourselves with no so pleasing contempla- ■> luxury beyond measure." The world looks on,
tion. We are hurrying on to a day of destitu-
tion and dependence to the laboring multitude,
and of danger to *he country, much faster than
many would suppose who suppose without reflec-
tion or investigation. We are approachi ng it much
more rapidly than the flight of time, the increase
of population, and the aggregation of land would
seem alone to indicate. Improved machiiiery—a
great and providential blessing in itself, under a
properly regulated political and social system—is
now performing labor which the most numerons
laboring population could not perform. True,
there is a slight compensation in the fact that this
does not consume the necessaries of life, and af-
agape, and wonders why it is so. The true re-
former—whose voice is rarely heard, and still
more rarely heeded—may see and tell the cause,
and point out the remedy; but no one hears—no
one pities! ' Over the dying and the dead the
wheel, remorseless, rolls along! Great men sit
supinely by and cry "All's well!" or console
themselves and their country with the reflection,
that the future wretchedness and enslavement of
their own race are to prove the more wretched
emancipation of another, now enslaved. Others
will sneer at truths and facts so manifest—and
which they cannot refute or answer—while they
urge on labor to the brink and gulf I have men-
fords cheaper fuel and some other necessaries to tioned, and claim ^ the same time that they are
the laboring poor in large cities; but if you ex-
clude the poor and landless from the soil, and mo-
nopolize their labor elsewhere by machinery, how
are they to obtain of these necessaries even the
superflux of luxury.'
In a report on manufactures, made in 1833, Mr.
Adams estimates the mechanical machinery of
Great Britain in 1815 to have been equal to the
labor of two hundred millions of persons! It will
now at least double the amount of that, number,
as will also that of this country. From data fur-
nished by McCulloch, it appears that, with the
present machinery, each hand in a cotton mill per-
forms more work than two hundred could without
it eighty years ago. We have the testimony of
K^rey and Dr. Taylor to the same purport. Re-
Hr these performances to those of individuals,
and you will find that the manual energies of ten- !
fold our present population would be unequal to
them. From this we can appreciate our rapid j
increase in labor-numbers. Now, bear in mind j
that this machinery works in competition with the
laborer, but rarely for him, and you will perceive
die extreme justice and necessity of allowing him j
to turn for subsistence to the soil, when you have
the only liberty-loving patriots of the land.
To illustrate the effects of land monopoly and
machine labor, let us advert to the history of labor
in England.
By a statute of Edward III., passed in 1350,
the daily wages of farm-laborers were fixed at
3£d. At that period wheat was worth 5d. per
bushel. Reapers' wages were fixed by Henry IV.
at 5d. per day; wheat being worth 6d. to 7a. per
bushel; oxen, 12s. to 16s.; and butter three far-
things per pound. In harvest-time a laborer could
pay for a pair of shoes with a day's labor, and
with the wages of a week could buy cloth for a
I suit of clothes, or with the same could buy four
bushels of wheat. At a little later period, we find
the British statutes mentioning "beef, pork, veal,
and mutton" as "being the food of the poorer
sort." Now the value of a bushel of wheat is,
and has long been, $1 95; while a week's wages
are but about $1 93. Beef is worth thirteen cents
per pound; mutton, fourteen cents; a fat sheep,
010 to $12; butter, twenty cents per pound; and
upon her footsteps, and, under our present course
of policy, cannot long boast a happier condition
for our working poor. Still, there has existed no
necessary cause in England why her laboring
population should be so wretched; and much less ■
does such a reason exist here why ours should
ever be so. There are yet time and opportunity
to prevent it, by removing the unnecessary cause
which, unremoved, must inevitably lead to it.
But hitherto your policy and practice have been
all wrong. Besides the partial and class legisla-
tion of which I have spoken, your public land
polfcy has been, from the beginning, to encourage
large landed proprietorships and speculation, and
to discourage settlement in small subdivisions for
purposes of self-subsistence. By the ordinance
of 1787, with which you began, you required the
governor of the northwestern territory to be an
owner of one thousand acres of land; the secretary
five hundred; three judges each five hundred; each
member of the legislative counsel five hundred; and
each representative two hundred. You first or-
dered the lands to be sold at $2 per acre—one half
j in quarter townships, or five thousand seven hun-
i dred and sixty acre tracts—the other half in see-
' tions, or six hundred and forty acre tracts. The
sale in half and quarter sections was not author-
ized till 1804; and in half-quarter sections, of
eighty acre tracts, not until 1820—down to which
time the price was continued at $2. It was not
until the 5th of April, 1832, that the man with $50
only.could obtain an acre of the vast public do-
main; for it was then only that the sale in quarter-
quarter sections, or forty acre tracts, was allowed.
Even then, or the next year, you required the
humble purchaser to take an oath appalling in its
terms! This is the oath:
" I do solemnly swear that the land is intended to be en-
tered for my penonal benefit, and not in trust for another,
and that the same is intended for the purpote of cultivations
and that I have not entered under the act of 5th April, 1833,
i or under the act of 2d March, 1833, at this or any other
land office of the United States, any land in quarter-quarter
sections in my own name, or in the name of any other per-
son—so help me God!"
Surely one would have thought the country
i might have spared the humble seeker of a home
for himself or child this last embarrassment and
humiliation. Prom him who had the means and
desire to purchase ten thousand acres with which
to speculate upon the necessities of his fellow-
■ citizens, no oath was required; but he who pos-
sessed but fifty dollars, and who, from seeking to
cheese, fourteen cents. Of course the laborer can . . _
have no comforts. "The farm-laborer is com- expend it for land, gave the best evidence of an
 ;     pelled to feed his family on potatoes and salt—a i i attention to make it a home, and from it to obtain
supplanted him in his iabor by a machine. But;, very little bread and lard, with some scalded an independent living, must swear, notwithstand-
much more plainly will you perceive this when !, milk." He must toil incessantly to preserve mere j| ing, that such was his design.
you reflect that, in addition to the other embarrass- ! animal existence; for the mind or the future he can [ | It has been your practice for a quarter of a cen-
ments of the laborer from competing machinery, : make no provision. And this is labor's life in j tury to appropriate land by millions of acres, in
you compel him to sustain and foster thai competi- • Britain! The British Queen might well exclaim,
  ... - . - - - King Lear—
" Poor, naked wretches, wheresoe'er you are,
That bide the pelting of this pitiless storm,
Mow shall your houseless heads and unfed sides,
Your loop'd and window'd raggedness, defend you
From seasons such as these ? Oh! I hare ta'en
Too little care of this."
Cross the channel from England, and in Ireland
the case is still worse. We have the authority of
a speech made in Parliament by Mr. Henry
Hon, by forcing Mm to pay a tribute or tariff of ten
to forty per cent, upon its products ! Could there be
a more glaring instance to show that not only are ,
the mere incidental wants of wealth held superior
to the absolute wants or necessities of man, but
that his very life's blood itself, or, if not his blood,
his bread, must be taken to minister to and gratify ,
them. In justice, cease to demand this tribute of
the laborer, or make its payment optional, by al-
lowing bim the alternative of digging subsistence Grattan for saying that there perished of starva-
from the earth. Tariff protection, with free land, tion over one hundred and sixteen thousand persons
might be consistent, but without it—never ! during the late famine. Nearly as many perished
But it may be said that the laborer receives an ,: in the famine of 1822. • These are some of the
equivalent for the competition of machine labor in f frightful results of the causes I have mentioned,
the reduced price at which he is enabled to pur- 1 under the very throne of England, and within
chase the products of that labor for his own use seven days sail of America!—in a country, too,
and consumption. This would be somewhat true ! with a population not exceeding thirty millions;
if it were not also a fact, that a reduction of the price while her best authorities admit her land to be
of machine products, produces a corresponding or capable of sustaining in high comfort a population
greater reduction in the price of manual labor. Ma- , of one hundred and eighty millions, if the_peop!e
were allowed to cultivate it—in a country, further-
more, where " the higher classes have advanced
in luxury beyond measure !"
If since Henry VIII. England has advanced
beyond precedent in luxury, useful knowledge,
products, but what will leave him a profit besides; and the arts and sciences, it has been at this fear-
and so goes on producing and reducing. A little j ful expense to life and human comfort, through an
struggle follows—a''strike "perhaps—but hunger, j almost total neglect of the wants and necessities
and the tearful appeals of hungry children or of'' of her people. "While machinery has usurped the
chinery over-produces, and consequently its pro-
ducts fall. The machine owner mil not produce
withoura prqfii; he cannot lie idle without a loss.
He therefore takes from the wages of his manual
labor, not only what will meet the fall in machine
alternate sections, to construct channels and ave-
! nues of commerce, and to make the laboring and
| producing settler pay for it in the increased price
j which you demanded of him for the alternates not
I appropriated.
But, sir, as if all this were not enough to foster
' speculation and embarrass productive industry,
i you have for the last four years been running
j wanton riot in your legislation to promote the
I ends of land monopoly. You have issued mil-
| lions upon millions in amount ofassignable Mex;-
! can bounty land warrants, operating, not for the
, benefit of the soldier, but of capital, as a piper
| medium with which to monopolize on speculation
the fairest portions of the people's heritage. As
i if this were still not enough, last session you au-
thorized the issue on warrants of unknown mil-
lions more; and because you did not make these
negotiable, mad fury rages among the horde of
night-besetting, hound-tongued agents and specu-
lators throughout the land; and members, as if
casting no look to the future, are striving at this
session to cut loose this last and only security to
the soldier's boon, that it, too, may be coaxed or
torn from the hand of war-worn need. But above
and beyond all, as the very crowning thought of
wrong and folly—as if determined to plunge the
country into Russian-labor bondage—some are
now entertaining, with serious complacency, the
hideous project of giving, for a few cents per acre,
