1851.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
&1
31st Cong 2d Sess. New Hampshire Contested Election—Mr. Hibbard. Price $ 1 50 for this Session.
Massachusetts four," and the other States in a like
ratio.
In the debates of the Convention which framed
the Constitution, the representatives are every-
where spoken of as " the representatives of the
States, or " of the people of the States."
It was-strenuously contended by many in that
Convention, that the Representatives should be
chosen like the Senators, "by the Legislatures of
the several States." This method was advocated,
among- others, by Roger Sherman, of Connecticut,
sad Elbridge Gerry, of Massachusetts. But that
proposition was overruled, and it was agreed, as
it now stands, that they should be chosen " by the
people of the States." Nothing was said about
districts, nor the representatives of districts in that
Convention, nor in the great instrument of Gov-
ernment which they put forth for the adoption of
the country. Under these constitutional provis
ions, it has been held competent for the several
States, through their Legislatures, to " sever this
joint tenancy of political power into a several ten-
ancy," as has been aptly said by the gentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr. Woodward,] and to
provide that the people shall separate into distinct
parcels, for the choice of the number of representa-
tives to which the State is entitled, at such times
and places, and in such manner as the States shall
determine, not in contravention of any paramount
law of Congress upon the subject. But all this
neither makes nor can make any change in the
constitutional nature of such representation, nor
in the legal effect of such elections.
The State law of 1846, already referred to, di-
vides the State into districts "for the choice of
Representatives op this State in the Congress of
the United States." It does not speak of repre-
sentatives of any particular districts of the State.
It does not even say a representative from, but a
representative of the State.
Warrants for the meetings for election purposes
in New Hampshire, and, so far as I know, in
other States, call on the people to cast their votes
" for a Representative of this State in the Con-
gress of the United States." Nothing is said, in
legal language, about the representatives of dis-
tricts. They are always termed, as they are in
fact, Representatives of the State.
In accordance with this idea, members of this
House, I believe, in all the States, were originally
chosen by general ticket. Some States continued
that method later than others—some until a very
recent period. In some States, while the election
was by general ticket, candidates were nominated
by conventions holden for districts with limits
agreed upon for purposes of nomination merely.
Such has been the usage in New Hampshire.
It is true, that now, when Representatives from
all the States are chosen by districts, familiarity
with that mode of proceeding and with its practi-
cal consequences may lead us to forget its real
nature. Members are in the habit of speaking of
the districts by which they are chosen, as their
peculiar precincts, and of acting for them accord-
ingly. But this division, as before remarked, has
legal existence and legal effect only for the purpose
of making the choice. Beyond this, though highly
convenient and beneficial in practice, it is merely.
conventional—-a matter of consent and agreement
for purposes of practical accommodation. For
these conventional purposes the towns in ques-
tion did in fact wholly or in the main cease to be
represented by Mr. Peaslee as soon as the law of
June, 1850, took effect, and were represented and
acted for by Mr. Wilson until he resigned his seat;
as is stated in the report of the committee.
If this view be-tlie true one, Mr. Speaker—and
I suppose it to be entirely clear as a legal question,
however regarded and treated in practice—the great
and leading objection, that the people of those
towns have a double delegation, falls to the ground.
It is, at the best, immaterial. The vacancy occa-
sioned by Mr. Wilson's resignation was in no
one district more than another. It was a vacancy
in the delegation from the whole State. No one
portion of the people of New Hampshire were
more interested in its legal consequences than
another. It was filled in the manner prescribed
by the Legislature, acting, as I conceive, in the
exercise of their appropriate powers—that was,
by the votes of the inhabitants of the same towns
New. Series—No. 6.
and places which originally elected Mr. Wilson,
with the addition of the townships of Bow, Hop-
kinton, Henniker, and Dunbarton.
It is also objected that these people, having par-
ticipated in the election of Representatives before
the set-off, and also in the choice of the successor
of Mr. Wilson afterwards, voted twice for mem-
bers of the same Congress. This, in fact, is true.
But if they were legal voters by the laws of the
State on both these occasions, can it make any dif-
ference here? Has this House any supervision of
such a matter? Each State prescribes the qualifi-
cations of its own voters, except so far as con-
trolled by the United States naturalization laws.
No one, I apprehend, will dispute their competen-
cy to do this. In some States one period of res-
idence is required, in some another. In some, one
year; in some, six months; in some, three. That
these persons were voters by the laws of New
Hampshire, on both these occasions, at the times
when and in the places where they did vote, cannot
be denied. We can inquire no further in regard
to this point if the State had power to make such
laws. Whether these laws were wise or unwise,
reasonable or unreasonable, in our opinion; wheth-
er or not they are such as we would have enacted
had we been members of that legislative body, is
immaterial to the present issue. The arguments
adduced by the other side are chiefly such as might,-
with much more propriety, have been made before
the New Hampshire Legislature against the pas-
sage of the law under consideration. I speak of
theircompetency—not their sufficiency. But they
are out of place here.
If the fact that these people voted twice was a cause
of complaint, it would have been no less a grievance
had they all, after having voted in the Congressional
election in the Second district in March, 1849, re-
moved to the Third district, acquired and exercised
the right of again voting there at the special elec-
tion which resulted in the return of Mr. Morrison.
This they would have had the right to do by the
law of the State, if they came into the townships
of thei* new residence with the intention of resi-
ding and did reside there three months before
election day. The same thing did, without doubt,
occur in many instances, on that very occasion.
Will any one say that such votes were not to be
received ? Will any one contend that an election
depending on such votes was for that reason in valid ?
Surely, "no man whose opinionis worth anything"
will take that ground. Instances of the kind are
constantly occurring in cases of removal from one
State to another, from one town to another. They
have often happened in presidential elections when
the votes were, as formerly, cast in different States
upon different days. Such things will always
happen, as they always have done, under any sys-
tem of laws regulating the qualifications of voters
that human wisdom can devise. Such irregular-
ities, when multiplied, become abuses. It may
be desirable that they should be corrected. But
we should not forget the proper remedy. It is
solely with the States, except so far as they are
controlled by the Constitution or the constitutional
legislation of Congress. Within those limits we
must respect State enactments.. We have no right
to override or attempt to evade them. 1
The House must decide cases of contested elec-
tions as judicial questions, upon legal principles,
according to the provisions of law. The Consti-
tution makes each House judge of the election of
its own members. We are to decide as judges,
according to law; not arbitrarily, according to po-
litical prejudice, or the caprice of the moment.
We have no arbitrary power in these matters. We i
do not, like the British Parliament, in questions 1
affecting their privileges as members, hold the law 1
in our own breasts. Power absolute is, happily,
a thing unknown to our system of government—
a system where the rulers are servants of the gov-
erned, exercising the functions pertaining to their
offices in obedience to the laws which their con-
stituents have ordained.
We are to act in these matters as a court; and
although there is no appeal from our judgments,
we are amenable to our own consciences and to the
public sentiment of the country. The doctrine
assumed by the minority report—which seems to
be indorsed by some of the advocates of the con-
testant on the floor—that it is competent for the
House, in determining questions of elections, to go
behind State laws and disregard them according to
our own notions of their impropriety or inexpe-
diency, is one I was not prepared to hear advanced
from any quarter. It can never be sanctioned here.
Establish a principle like this, Mr. Speaker, and
your House becomes an all-absorbing and irre-
sponsible power in the State, because self-electing
and self-perpetuating. It is a principle abhor-
rent to the will of the people, in defiance of the
terms and subversive of the spirit of the Constitu-
tion. The power sometimes exercised by the Eng-
lish monarch of controlling majorities in one of the
Houses of Parliament by additions of new Peers
created by him for that very purpose, though akin
to this, was never half so dangerous nor half so
odious. It had, at least, the color of constitutional
right. This mode of proceeding would have no
such apology.
| Sir, the election of the sitting member was, be-
yond all doubt, in strict accordance with the terms
and intent of the law of New Hampshire. If that
law was constitutional—if the Legislature had
power to enact it, then the election is valid, and
| must stand.
Here, then, Mr. Speaker, is the great question
in this case, upon which our decision must turn:
Had the Legislature of New Hampshire power
to pass the act of June, 1850? Could they sepa-
rate these four towns from district number Two and
make them a part of district number Three;, to all
intents and for all purposes from that time forth ?
That they undertook to do this is certain—that
they did it in form is equally sure. Their act must
have effect, unless there be something in the
Constitution or laws of the United States to over-
ride it.
All that is to be found in the Constitution touch-
ing the question of this power, is the provision in
the fifth section of the first article, that—
" The times, places, and manaer of holding elections for
Senators and Representatives shall be prescribed in each
State by the Legislature thereof; but the Congress may at
any time, by law, make or alter such regulations, except as
to the place of choosing Senators."
Here, sir, is no abridgment of the legislative
capacity in this respect—no prohibition of the ex-
ercise of the power in question. On the contrary,
were I searching for authority to pass this very
act, I should suppose I had found it here, in terms
plain and explicit. There are no limitations, no
qualifications, except as to the controlling authori-
ty of Congress The language is general, broad,
and clear. I have never supposed, Mr. Speaker,
that the States possessed this right solely from the
constitutional grant. I regard it as one of those
necessary powers which are inherent in th^States,
in the absence of any provision of the Constitu-
tion to the contrary. Had the Federal compact
been silent upon the subject, the States must, from
the necessity of the case, have possessed power to
regulate the time, the place, and the manner of
holding elections for all officers provided for by
law, both State and national. It does not, certain-
ly, weaken their capacity, that the Constitution
has superadded a provision in terms conferring the
power. There is nothing else in the Constitution
which, as I am aware, is supposed to bear upon
this matter—nothing which restricts or qualifies
the power thus recognized.
Is there anything in the legislation of Congress
which has that effect ?
I do not deem it necessary to consider the ques-
tion which has been discussed in this debate,
whether, under the clause of the Constitution al-
ready cited, Cong^pss had power by its own act
to have laid the State off into districts for the choice
of Representatives. That question does not arise
here, because Congress has assumed to do no such
thing. Congress, by its law of June, 1842, did
enact that the choice of Representatives should be
by districts, and in effect, though not in terms, it
did assume to provide that the States should lay
themselves off into districts accordingly. Doubts
have existed as to the power of Congress to make
this enactment—to compel a State, by a mandatory
law, to do this or any other act of legislation. If
Congress had the power to district the States, it
should have done it directly by its own act, not
indirectly by mandamus to the State authorities.
I have always believed that these doubts were well
grounded—that Congress had no such power. It
