1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
83'
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Claims for French Spoliations—Mr. Hunter.
Senate.
Democrats did not vote for the districting law of
1846, and whether, if they had been in power at
that time, he supposes they could have districted
the State with any more impartiality, or so as to
have given any better satisfaction ?
Mr. HIBBARD. My colleague is doubtless
correct with regard to his majority, having ex-
amined this part of the subject, and evidently
thinking that it has more bearing upon the subject
than I suppose it to have. But I think I was right
in regard to the majority for the candidate of the
Whigs and Abolitionists in the other district. I
believe, too, that at the last election, my colleague
was returned to the House by a greatly-reduced
majority. Many Democrats voted for the law of
1846. if they thought it just and equitable at the
time, experience showed that they were mistaken.
In reply to the question whether the Democrats,
had they been in power, could have districted the
State more impartially or satisfactorily—I have no
doubt they could have divided it in a manner more
impartial and more satisfactory to themselves,
though probably not more to the satisfaction of
my colleague and his friends.
They could have so arranged it that a State with
a Democratic majority generally ranging from five
to eight thousand for a period of nearly thirty years,
should not be equally divided in the political char-
acter of its delegation, and its voice neutralized as
to all political questions, upon this floor. They
could certainly have done this, and the gentleman
complains because, in 1850, as he says, th^y un-
dertook to do it. Now, Mr. Speaker, admitting
that act was passed with this very purpose and
none other, was it anything unusual, or unequal,
or unfair ? If for this the Democrats of New
Hampshire are to be condemned, where, when
other acts of like kind are brought up for judg-
ment in the great day of political retribution,
will the gentleman's political friends from various
States of this Union appear? To that high court
let us postpone the further consideration of this
matter, so manifestly irrelevant to the issue in
hand.
A word more, Mr. Speaker, and I have done.
My colleague has traveled so far out of the record
as to comment upon the alterations made in othec
districts. He has informed the House that cer-
tain Democratic towns have been annexed to his
own district—number One. He has employed
some time in earnest speculation as to the way
in which the people of those towns may be dis-
posed to cast their votes at the coming election;
he has even gone so far as to make remarks indi-
rectly reflecting upon the gentleman recently put
in nomination for Congress by the Democratic
Convention in that district.
1 shall spend no time in replying to such allu-
sions in respect to the State or to individuals.
New Hampshire needs no defence at my hands.
Her past history is- before the country and the
world. It will speak for itself. It will tell whether,
in any time of trial, or of danger, from foreign or
domestic foes, she has ever flinched from the post
of duty and of peril—whether she has not met
•ach conflict with the foremost in the field, and re-
mained battling with the last. Nor does she need
any apology for her present position in reference
to the Union, the Constitution and the laws. It is
no new position with her. She has occupied it
long. Long may she stand there glorious as now,
steadfast and firm as her eternal hills! All she
asks upon this occasion is, that her constitutional
acts shall be respected; that she may be left to
arrange matters that pertain to her alone, in her
own way.
My colleague will allow me to suggest to him
■whether, upon reflection, he does not agree with
me that his remarks were fitter for the polls than
for this Hall ? Such a speech should be made, if
stall, before the people whose votes are designed
to be affected by it. It is not the part of that high-
mindedness and generosity which I know my
colleague possesses, to assail the candidate of the
opposite party, in his absence, on an occasion when
Buch matters are wholly foreign and impertinent.
No, sir, let him meet his adversary face to faceand
make his charges, and I will answer for it, that
gentleman will be found to be, as he always has
been, ready and able to vindicate his cause and
defend himself.
claims for french spoliations.
SPEECH OF ME. HUNTER,
OF VIRGINIA,
In Senate, Mondat, January 20, 1851.
The Senate having under consideration the bill
to provide for the ascertainment and satisfaction of
claims of American citizens for spoliations com-
mitted by the French prior to the 31st day of
July, 1801—
Mr. HUNTER said:
Mr. President: It is a tedious thing to speak
before any assembly against a foregone conclu-
sion, and it is especially disagreeable upon a sub-
ject which has been so often and so fully discussed
as the one now under consideration. But, how-
ever distasteful the task may be, there are occasions
on which it may be one's duty to execute it.
Such I conceive to be my case in the present in-
stance. Of the select committee raised by the
Senate for the special consideration of this sub-
ject, I was the only member opposed to the bill
now before us; and perhaps it maybe expected by
those whose opinions in some measure I repre-
sented on that occasion that I should give the
argument on the other side, as the chairman of the
committee, the Senator from Connecticut, has al-
ready presented his views in favor of the bill.
Indeed, this seems to be one of the cases in which
it is especially appropriate that Senators should
rely on their committees to undergo the labor of
investigating the documents, the speeches, the re-
ports, and the statements of fact upon which the
merits of this case depend. These fill volumes,
and it cannot be expected that each Senator should
examine them all for himself.
It will be my object, then, to give a resume of
the argument, and I shall endeavor to make it as
brief as I can. Such a presentation of the case
may perhaps be useful, even to those gentlemen
who have heretofore examined this question, in
refreshing their memories, and may be of some
service to those who have never looked into it at
all. But not even these considerations would have
induced me to undertake the vain and fruitless
task of opposing this bill, which 1 fear is predes-
tined to pass, if it had not been for considerations
connected with the financial view of the question.
It is proposed in this bill to appropriate five mil-
lions of dollars upon principles which it is evident
must lead to a further and probably a much great-
er expenditure. If we appropriate five millions
upon the" principle that we are liable for these
debts, how can we undertake to say, as this bill
proposes to do, that we will pay only five mil-
lions, and no more? If it is a debt, we are bound
to pay all that is due. If it is a gratuity, I think
I can show not only that we ought not to make it,
but that this, of all times, is the most inappropri-
ate for such an experiment.
When the Secretary of the Treasury made his
last annual report, our debt amounted to sixty-four
millions of dollars. Since that time the acceptance
by Texas of the terms offered by the United States
in relation to her boundary has added ten millions
more, making seventy-four millions, and this bill,
if it passes, will increase our debt to seventy-nine
millions. The debt is to be thus increased at a
time when the Secretary of the Treasury is pro- j
posing to spend more by nearly nine hundred (
thousand dollars for the next fiscal year, than he !
expects to receive from all sources whatever; and i
at a time, too, when, according to his own expect-
ation, we are to be cut off from all assistance from
the public land, for at least fifteen years to come.
Sir, if we go on with expenditures at this fearful
pace, where is it to end? And especially in such a
case as this, where we see we are making no sort of <
provision to pay the debt hereafter. The path which I
nations treaa to bankruptcy, or by which they make
so near an approach to it as often to shake Gov- !
ernments and convulse society, is indeed an abyss j
Strewn with flowers, and the man who would at- j
tempt to warn them as to the consequences when I
in mid career should expect to find himself dis- ;
charging but a thankless office. Yet, disagreeable j
as it may be, it is somebody's duty to do it, and j
perhaps it is nobody's duty more than mine upon j
the present occasion.
But I may be told that all this is ho answer to
the demand for the payment of a debt, if it be justly
due. I admit if it be justly due, and if the persons
entitled to it can be certainly ascertained, that we
are bound to pay it; but if, as 1 wish to show
such a-debt is not due, and that the payment ot
this money would be a mere gratuity, then it is
very proper to consider whether the Treasury is
in a condition to enable us to make such donations.
The question rests upon the justice of the demand,
and that is the point which I now propose to ex-
amine.
It is maintained, on one side, that the demand is
just, because when we negotiated the convention
of 1800 we gave up the indemnities to which our
citizens were entitled, in order to get rid of certain
valuablepretensions which the French madeagainst
us, arising out of the old treaty of alliance and of
amity and commerce, made in 1778, and the?con-
sular convention of 1788; and having thus con-
verted private property to public uses, having thus
sold out these claims for a valuable consideration,
we are bound, it is said, to remunerate the claim-
ants for private property which was taken for pub-
lic use.
On the other hand, it is maintained that we did
not exchange them for any valuable pretensions
on the part of the French, inasmuch as some of the
pretensions of the French were never worth much,
and the foundation for all of them was gone in
1800, when this convention was negotiated: because
the treaties on which they were predicated had
been abrogated, and justly abrogated, two years
before. From which it follows that there was no
! exchange of the claims of our citizens for a valu-
■ able consideration, because the French had no just
pretensions against us, and therefore we did not
i convert private property to public use, so as to
! make ourselves responsible for it. It is also main-
j tained that we entered into a war, in order to re-
i taliate on the French the injuries that had been
I committed by them on our commerce; and that
having entered into this war for that purpose, and
to procure indemnity for the past and security for
the future, we were absolved at the time of the
convention of 1800 from the obligation of further
prosecuting those claims; and not only is it affirmed,
that we had discharged ourselves of all obligation
to our citizens to prosecute them further, but that
the French could rightfully plead, as in effect they
did plead, this war in satisfaction of the demand
against them, so that after the treaty of peace ter-
minated the war. the indemnities were not valid
i either as against the French or against this Gov-
ernment. In other words, that Mr. Murray was
right when he wrote to the Secretary of State, after
the final ratification of that treaty, expressing the
hope that the Senate meant to express by their
! manner of ratifying that treaty that the claimsfor
indemnities were nullities.* That such, indeed,
were the views which governed the Senate in their
course upon this matter is, I think, in every way
probable, and may be inferred from the history of
the times.
Sir, I hope to make good both of these proposi-
tions; but if I succeed in proving either, I shall
present a full and fair defence for the United States
against the claims to the payment of which it is
now sought to subject them. And, first, as to the
proposition in relation to the value of those French
pretentions. In order to ascertain what their value
is, let us see for a moment what they are and what
is their nature. In the first place, some of the
pretentions which they founded upon those treaties
never could have been derived from them by any
fair construction. And with respect to the others
which they set up, they were gone in 1800, be-
cause the treaties on which they were founded
had been justly abrogated. I Say that some of
their pretensions never had any foundation in the
treaty, as a very slight examination will show.
One was, that they had a right to arm their ships
in our ports. This was founded on the fact, that
other nations were forbidden in the treaty to arm
against them in our ports, and they inferred from
this prohibition to others a positive permission to
themselves to arm in our ports against foreign na-
tions with whom they were at war. To state
such a proposition is to refute it.
The next pretension which they raised was,
that under a clause in the treaty of amity and
commerce which allowed them to bring in prizes
•See Senate Doc. No. 108,1st iesi., 19th Conj., p. 8®.
