to
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 20,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Claims for French Spoliations—Mr. Hunter.
Senate.
free of duty and carry them whithersoever they
pleased, they had a right to bring them in and sell
them in the United States free of duty. Thus,
while we could lay such duties as we pleased on
articles produced by their agriculture or manufac-
tures, yet, in r«gard to this matter of prizes, we
were forbidden under the treaty to levy any duty
at all. It must be unnecessary to argue such a
question.
The next was, that their constds had the right to
exercise admiralty jurisdiction on our shores and
in our towns. They founded that pretension on a
provision in the consular convention which gave
the French consuls the right of jurisdiction "with-
in the interior" of their ships. To show the na-
ture of this pretension it is enough to state that
it was first raised in relation to vessels captured
on our shores and within our jurisdiction in man-
ifest violation of our rights as a nation.
The next was one which they did not pretend to
found on any treaty, but which they said we ought
toaccord out ofcomity and courtesy: thatweshould
furnish them officers and the means to execute
within our limits their consular decrees. They did
not pretend, however, that we were bound to do it
by treaty, but thought it was due to them from
courtesy.
So far as these pretensions are concerned, as I
■aid before, to state them, and to state the grounds
upon which they rested, was to refute them. But j
if any one wishes to see these questions argued at j
length, and with irresistible ability, let him look
to the letter of Mr. Jefferson to Mr. Morris, |
American Minister at Paris, in reply to the com-
plaints of Mr. Genet, dated August 16th, 1793,
and which will be found in Senate document No.
102,1st session 19th Congress, p. 53. In that
letter he argued and demonstrated, it seems to me,
beyond the possibility of a doubt, that no such
pretensions had any foundation either in the trea-
ties or the consular convention.
The next pretension which is said to have ex-
isted on the part of the French in 1800, was as to
the execution of a clause contained in the treaty of
alliance by which we promised to guaranty to
them their West India possessions. It is main-
tained that in 1800 this was a subsisting obligation
on the part of the United States, and that when the
French resigned their claim to this guarantee they
abandoned a very valuable right. Now I think
I am prepared to show that the French never
claimed the execution of that guarantee up to 1798;
that before 1798, by their own misconduct, by vio-
lating our rights under treaty stipulations and
under the laws of nations, they had afforded us just
grounds for abolishing those treaties, and accord-
ingly we did abolish and abrogate them in 1798;
that these treaties, having been justly abrogated
and abolished in 1798, were not in existence in
1800; and not being in existence in 1800, there was
no ground upon which the French could demand
of us to execute that guarantee.
I say they never asked that we should execute
that guarantee. I know that Mr. Livingston, in
his report, refers to some loose expression of Mr.
Genet; but in answer to that I would refer to the
letter of Mr. Randolph, Secretary of State, writ-
ten in 1794, (No. 102, page 78,) in which he says '
that Mr. Genet and Mr. Fauchet both declared
that they did not ask us to execute that guarantee,
but wished us to remain a neutral nation; and it •
was, in fact, to the advantage of France that we \
should remain in that position, because we were
thus enabled to carry on a great deal of their com- i
merce as neutrals, and supply their colonies with I
many things of which they were in indispensable
need. It is true that Mr. Livingston refers to an :
expression in one of Mr. Monroe's letters, in j
which Mr. Monroe said he forbore to press the !
claim for indemnities, because, if he pressed it, the I
French might demand the execution of that guar- 1
antee. But he did not refer to the answer of our |
Secretary of State to that letter, in which he re-
buked Mr. Monroe, and expressed his surprise
that he did not press those claims, and said that
the French Government would not demand the
execution of that guarantee. That letter may be
found in the same document to which I have re-
fen-ed, page 87.
know that it is pretended that Mr. Adet, in a
er written in 1796, demanded the execution of
Uat S«wrantee. If that could be proved> I mjght
easily show that before that time they had for-
feited all right to demand its execution. But, in
truth, when we come to look into these expres-
sions, we find no such demand. It was another
matter to which he was referring. He was refer-
ring to a complaint which they raised under Jay's
treaty. He was referring to the fact that we had
suffered provisions to be made contraband, aa they
said, but partially contraband in truth, and in so
doing virtually admitted, as they maintained, the
right of England to make paper Blockades, and so
shut out supplies from their colonies. That was
the matter of which the Directory complained in
the summary of grievances which they issued in
the March before Mr. Adet's letter, and in which
they said, (page 133,) speaking of us: "They
' have consented to extend the denomination of
' contraband even to provisions, instead of restrict-
' ing it, as all treaties have done, to the case, of an
' effective blockade of a port, as forming the only
' exception to the complete freedom of the article;
' they have tacitly acknowledged the pretensions
' of England to extend the blockade to our colo-
' nies, and even to France, by force of prochma-
'tion alone." This was what Mr. Adet meant
when he said (page 367) that " we allowed the
French colonies to be declared in a state of block-
|, ade, and its citizens interdicted the right of trading
' with them." In no other sense did he refer to
lj any violation on our part of the treaty of alliance;
I and I shall presently show, when I come to that
lj part of the argument where it will be more appro-
! ■ priate, that the French had no just cause of com-
, plaint on account of that article in Jay's treaty.
As a further proof that they never had demanded
it, we have theevidenceof Gen. Washington him-
self, in his Farewell Address, issued just as he
was going out of office. He says, in relation to
our right to hold a neutral position: " I will only
' observe that, according to my understanding of
' the matter, that right, so far from being denied
' by any of the belligerent Powers, has been vir-
tually admitted by all."—(5 Marshall's Life of
Washington, p. 708.) And, in fact, so it was;
and in 1798, finding that the French continued to
violate not only their treaty stipulations in relation
fb us, but also our rights under the law of nations,
our Congress, by a solemn act, declared that, for
these reasons, the treaties were abrogated, abol- ;
ished, null and void. I know it has been said I
that it is not in the power of one nation to abro-
gate a treaty; that it takes two nations to make a !
treaty, and two to put an end to it. That, sir, is
true m some senses of the term. It does take two 1
nations to put an end to a treaty, and here we
have the public acts of both. Here we have
the acts of France violating our rights under the
provisions of the treaties, as I shall presently i
show—and, indeed, the claimants for spoliations
admit that they did violate our rights—and we
have our own act, on the other hand, declaring the
treaties, on that ground, to be abrogated and void. I
Now, can there be a doubt that we had a right j
to put an end to the treaty for these violations on
their aide, unless it could be shown that their vio-
lations were in retaliation for wrongs committed by
' ourselvesThis is a branch of the argument to
which I will come presently. I say, can there be .
a doubt of our right to do this ? If any man
doubts it for a moment, and will look into the dis- !
' course of Lord Liverpool, written in 1757, on the :
' conduct of Great Britain with respect to neutral
| nations, (see Debrett's Collection, first volume,) ,
i he will find that question fully argued, and the .
| right maintained and demonstrated. He will find
I it maintained upon such authorities as Grotius,
I who says: " Si pars una Fcedus violaverit, po-
' terit altera a Frederediscedere, nam capita Foederis 1
singula conditions vim habent." And Puffen-
1 dorf, who, speaking of conventions, says: "Nec '
| hasc alteram obligant ubi ab uno legibus conven-
i tionis non fuerit satisfactum." I might quote other
j authorities to the same effect, but I need not de-
tain the Senate now by a more particular reference
to them. If any one, however, wishes to pursue
the subject further, he will find it especially laid
down in Vattel, who declares that it is aground for
abrogating a treaty. And he will find it well ar- I
gued by Lord Liverpool in the discourse to which
I have referred.
But the Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Smith,!
with «om« ingenuity, said, that while he would I
admit it was a ground for abrogating one treaty
that a portion of its stipulations had been violated
by the other contracting party, yet it was not a
ground for abrogating two treaties, one of which
never had been violated; and he referred to some
dictum which he found somewhere in that corre-
spondence. I have not looked into it, but I have
no doubt it may be found laid down, as it was
laid down in effect by our Supreme Court in a case
which came up from New Haven, (to be found I
think in 8 Wheaton,) that it does not follow from
the right to abolish one treaty that therefore all
treaties may be abolished; because they specify
cases in which war itself is not considered to put
an end to a treaty. I need not specify or recapitu-
late them; but I imagine he can find it nowhere
laid down that the violation by one of the contract-
ing parties of one treaty can never justify the other
contracting party in putting an end to all treaties.
On the contrary, the reverse is expressly laid down
by Vattel, (Liv. 2, chap. 13, sec. 201,) and laid
down with reason.
If the violation of one treaty would justify a
nation in going to war, as undoubtedly it may—
and war puts an end to all treaties—shall it be said
that, while it would authorize us to go to war, it
would not justify a lesser step, it would not jus-
tify us in saying that without making war we will
abrogate all treaties between us, as you do not
keep yours, and place ourselves in our true rela-
tions, according to the laws of nations ? But the
right is laid down explicitly in these elementary
writers to whom I have just referred. If this be the
case, we had the right to abrogate these treaties,
provided the French had committed these wrongs.
Need I recapitulate them? They commenced in
1793, laying embargoes on our vessels, seizing
them when loaded with provision or enemy
goods, and carrying them into their ports, (v.
Marsh. Wash, note xi.,) in express violation of
the treaty, thus taking from us our privilege under
the treaty of amity and commerce, that, as be-
tween the two nations, free ships should make
free goods. They also seized our ships for want
of a role d'equipage, a form of certificate peculiar
Jo themselves, although the treaty evidently con-
templated that these vessels should go free when
they had the necessary sea letters, made out
according to the forms of the respective nations.
To cap the climax, they proclaimed to the world
that they would treat neutral nations as they per-
mitted the English to treat them, and they under-
took to do so without regard to treaties or the laws
of nations. They did all this, and more which
need not be repeated. Unless itcan be shown, as
they did not snow, that this was a retaliation, and
a just retaliation, for wrongs which we had com-
mitted upon them, they were such violations of
treaty stipulations as justified us in putting an
end to all the treaties then subsisting between
us; and if we were justified in putting an end to
these treaties as they then existed in 1798, it
follows clearly they were not in existence in 1800.
This follows clearly, because we have it on the
authority of M. Roederer, one of the French com-
missioners who negotiated the convention of 1800,
(see report, page 2, lately published as an extract
from Code Diplomatique,) that the United States
commissioners felt bound by the act of Congress,
and never did admit for a moment, that the trea-
ties were in force. The American negotiators,
says M. Roederer, considered themselves bound
by the act of Congress which had declared the
treaties null and decaded, that it was impossible
they could recognize them. If the treaties, then,
were not in force, there was nothing upon which
the French could found these pretensions. If they
had no valid pretensions, then there is no valuable
consideration in exchange for which we could
have sacrificed these claims.
I know that in some of the speeches on this
subject it has been urged that the treaty of peace,
the Convention of 1800, was one of the considera-
tions for which we sacrificed these claims. But
whoever will look to its history will find that such
was far from the fact. It was ratified by the
French Government when it contained {he ori-
ginal second article. That article provided that we
should negotiate hereafter in relation to those in-
demnities. This showed clearly that the French
were willing to give us this treaty and put an end
to hogtilitiea whether we did or did not abandon
