8\
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 20,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Claims for French Spoliations—Mr. Hunter.
Senate.
tify his sense of the wisdom and justice, of the
moderation and firmness which marked his course
in his relations with him. I regard the reputation
of this country for fair dealing, the reputation and
character of washington for justice and truth, as
worth more than all these French claims, if they
were ten times told. But, as I said before, it is
not necessary to the argument to examine this
question. It is sufficient to show, as I think I
have shown, that the French, before 1798, never
did ask or desire us to execute that guarantee, and,
therefore, they have nothing to complain of in
that regard. I have shown that we were justified
by the course of France in putting an end to these
treaties. I have shown, I think, that they were
not justified in violating their treaty stipulations
towards us by anything we had clone; and, in
doing so, I believe 1 have made out that branch of
argument.
But permit me to pause a moment here. The
advocates of the French claims will prove too
much if they succeed in proving that the French
were justified in their violation of treaty stipula-
tions with us on account of violations on our part.
If they succeed in proving that we failed to ob-
serve the faith of treaties towards France, they
will prove that France was justified in regarding
that treaty as she did regard it—a perfect nullity.
If they prove this, they will find that they have
proved themselves out of court. If you take away
the class of cases which they will thus destroy, and
the classes paid under the convention of 1800, it
will be found that there is but very little left.
The Secretary of State, Mr. Pickering—in 1799,
I think it was—in his instructions to our commis-
sioners, said that the two most interesting classes
of American claims were, first, that class of claims
where the French seized enemy's goods, or goods
asserted by them to belong to the enemy, in Amer-
ican ships; and next, that class where they seized
our ships for want of a role d'equipage. Now, it
is demonstrable, in relation to the seizure of ene-
my's goods in American ships, that if the treaties
were null and void, we could lay no claim to in-
demnity for them under the laws of nations. Mr.
Adet, in his report, which has been furnished us
by the Senator from Connecticut, in an extract
from the Code Diplomatique, says, and says very
justly, that if the treaties were out of existence,
the Americans could not have justified their claim
according to the law of nations. I refer now to
the greater portion of those claims which were not
paid under the convention of 1800. It is clear
that we could lay n* claim for indemnity for the
seizure of enemy's goods in American ships under
the laws of nations, and if we could lay no claim
against France for it, no claim could be made
against our own Government for greater privileges
than its citizens were entitled to under the laws of
nations. If the friends of this measure should
make good their argument, they strip the claim-
ants of ail right to indemnity for this class of
seizure.
Now, how is it with respect to those vessels
which were seized for want of role d'equipage 1
That was certainly a violation, and a gross viola-
tion of the treaty of amity and commerce, because
that treaty had provided that the vessels of the
two nations should be suffered to go free, provided
they had letters which had certain requisites; and
having satisfied these conditions, nothing more
was to be implied as required than that each nation
should furnish sea letters according to its own
form. That was the fair construction of the treaty.
But if the treaty was null and void, it becomes a
very different question—whether the French had
not perhaps a right to demand the production of
the role d'equipage ? We must remember that this
was an old ordinance, not trumped up for the oc-
casion, not brought into being for our benefit, not
to operate merely to vex our commerce, but it was
made in the days of Louis Fourteenth; it had been
practised upon by France towards neutrals since
that time. It was an ordinance of which no com-
plaint was made, so far as I have been able to as-
certain, except by us, and which perhaps we would
not have complained of but for our claims under
the treaty to a better treatment. And in point of
fact there is a letter in the correspondence to which
1 nave already referred from Mr. King, when our
Minister to England, in which he states that the
grievance was abated in that respect, for our ves-
sels having found out what was required, provided
themselves with the proper papers. I do not say
that it is indispensable that under the laws of na-
tions France had a right to seize our ships for want
of this role d'equipage, but I say that many plausi-
ble arguments may be advanced on that side of the
question. Under the laws of nations it was at
least a doubtful question, because that was an old
provision of France which had been acquiesced in
Dy neutrals, which had not been complained of by
them for perhaps more than half a century, and I
believe for a century. Up to the time of the war
of the Revolution France had always been remarked
for its liberality towards the commerce of neutrals.
She was so esteemed by them during her practice
under this ordinance, and she had therefore much
to say in favor of its legality.
If, then, we should subtract from these claims
to indemnities these two classes which Mr. Pick-
ering said were the most important, where seizure
was made of an enemy's goods, and where our
ships were seized for want of role d'equipage, and
leave out also the cases which were provided for and
paid under the convention of 1800, we should find
that there were not many left. The claimants, if
they succeed then in proving that we violated trea-
ties, and thus excusea the French for treating them
as nullities, will indeed prove themselves out or
very nearly out of court.
But, sir, I come now to the other branch of the
proposition—to another defence, and in my opinion
a most complete defence, of the United States
against these d aimants. That defence is, that it was
in retaliation for these hostilities and these spolia-
tions, and to procure security for our commerce
and for the rights of our citizens in future, that
we waged a war with France. We waged hostili-
ties which did not amount to what civilians call a
perfect war, but which did constitute what is called
an "imperfect" and a "public war;" a war in
which we spilled blood, in which we expended
money, and did everything in our power which
was necessary to enforce these claims. Whatever
reason can be given to prove that the declaration
of a perfect war is a satisfaction for such claims
c&n be given to show that such hostilities as we
waged, such a war as we conducted, was full satis-
faction for these claims; that it discharged us from
all obligation to pursue the negotiations further;
and, what is more, justified the French in pleading
it, as they did plead it, in bar to our claims against
them; for it is in proof that when they came to
conclude the treaty the French commissioners said
it was war, and would have been so decided by any
impartial tribunal. Now, that war is a full satis-
faction, in relation to a foreign and belligerent na-
tion, for all such claims, I suppose nobody denies.
There can be no dispute about that. The only
controversy is, whether these hostilities amounted
to that sort of war which makes a satisfaction,
and whether the same reasons which apply in the
one case operate in the other. I hope I shall suc-
ceed in showing this imperfect war to have been
such a satisfaction as a perfect war would have
been, according to the admission of all.
Sir, it was a war in which we spent a great deal
of money. It was a war in whicn we shed bood.
It was a war which we pursued for something like
two years, until we forced a settlement and a
just treaty of peace. To show what we did, I
will read a short extract from a speech delivered
by Mr. Benton, of Missouri, on this question, in
the first session of the Twenty-ninth Congress,
August 10, 1846, in which we shall find a brief
history of what we did at that time. He says:
" The injuries to our commerce, for the satisfaction of
which this bill provides, commenced in the year 1793, with
the commencement of the war between Great Britain and
France, and continued till the treaty with the First Consul,
signed on the 30th of September, in the year 1800. Seven
years were the period ofthese depredations, and seven yean
of more extraordinary exertions for the protection of its citi-
zens were never made in any country. All the means of
protection were resorted to—embassies, military and naval
preparations, taxes, loans, letters of marque and reprisals,
convoy to merchant ships, exclusion of French vessels from
our ports, a non-intercourse with France, the condemna-
tion of her vessels, retaliation upon her citizens, &c. And
in the month of July, 1798, Congress cut the last cord of
friendly intercourse with France by passing a solemn act
abrogating all our treaties with her, and placed the two
countries ip a state of actual hostilities. The famous com-
bat of Captain Truxton,in the United States frigate Con-
stellation, with the French frigate L'lnsurgente, was one
of the fmitsof that war, and, although the mostsignal, was
by no means the only instance of fierce and bloody collision
between the French and Americans of that dny. Besides
the extraordinary embassies, the military and imval prepara-
tionsj the loans and tuxes were i inmense, and almost incred-
ible torajoung nation of five millions ol people. Between
the year 1793 and the complete restoiation of friendship
with France in the Spring of 1801, the appropriations tor the
army were above twenty millions of dollar*; those for the
navy exceeding fifteen millions; the authorized loans were
above twenty-five millions of dollars: duties on imports
were increased; direct taxes were laid; the stamp act and
excise made their appearance among lis. The statute book
from 1793to March 4, 1801, is thickly sprinkled over with
acts for these taxes, loans, and appropriations; nor did they
remain dead letters upon the book. The taxes were collect-
ed, ships of war were built, the regular army was aug-
mented, a provisional army of ten thousand men was raised,
Washington was called from his retreat to take tile com-
mand, ships of war convoyed the merchantman. At hdftie
the tax-gatherer entered every house, the exciseman was
abroad, the stamp-master retailed his little bits of paper, no
contract between man and man was good for more than
twenty dollars unless on taxed paper. Such were the bur-
dens which our fathers bore for seven long years to protect
these claimants, or procure redress for them ; expenses and
efforts almost incredible in a young nation of five millions
of people, and which, to be equalled by our present popula-
tion in any similar emergency, would require every item of
expense or exertion to be maltiplied by four. After all,
with all the duties on imports increased, and with all the
resources of excise, direct taxes, and stamp act, the ex-
penses of these extraordinary exertions were not met. A
large debt was created, limcii of it bearing eight per cent,
interest, and the burden of which, both principal and inter-
est, fell on posterity."
Here, sir, as an appendix to that speech, is an
extract from a speecn delivered by Mr. Bibb, of
Kentucky, on the same subject; an extract filled
with references to laws which sustain the history
of the war just given, and which we passed in re-
lation to the hostilities we were then waging with
France; an extract filled with such voluminous
references' to the laws by which we laid taxes,
raised troops, and equipped fleets, that I could not
think of taxing the patience of the Senate by read-
ing them all. It would puzzle any man, even the
most ingenious, to give a definition of war which
did not include such hostilities as these—hostilities
in which treasure was freely expended, and blood
was shed in the armed conflict between nations.
But it has been said, and argued with considerable
ingenuity by the Senator from Connecticut, that
these hostilities which we waged wanted all -the
characteristics of war, and therefore cannot be
urged as a satisfaction for the claims of our citi-
zens in relation to indemnity. Sir, this is a mat-
ter which does not depend upon the mere opinion
of the Senator from Connecticut or myself, for it
once came before our Supreme Court for its decis-
ion, and we have their views upon the question.
With the leave of the Senate, I will see what was
decided on that occasion in relation to the character
of these hostilities.
The case is to be found in 4th Dallas, p. 35. It
is the case of Bas vs. Tingy, which came up upon
a question of prize, in which a claim for salvage
was prosecuted, a claim which turned on the ques-
tion whether a vessel taken from the French was a
vessel taken from the " enemy," and that brought
up the whole subject as to the nature of the hos-
tilities we were then waging with France on ac-
count of these claims. Upon that subject, the
Judges were unanimous. They all decided that it
was war; that it was public war, coming under the
denomination of what is called an imperfect war.
Hear what they say. Judge Washington says:
"The decision of this question must depend upon
another, which is, whether, at the time of passing the act
of Congress of the 2d of March; 1799, there subsisted a state
of war between the two nations? It may, I believe, be
safely laid down that every contention by force between
two nations in external matters, under the authority of
their respective Governments, is not only wqr, but public
war. If it be declared in form, it is called solemn, and is
of the perfect kind, because one whole nation is at war
with another whole nation, and, all the members of the
notion declaring war, are authorized to commit hostilities
against all the members of the other, in every place and
under every circumstance. In such a war all the members
act under a general authority, and all the rights and conse-
quences of war attach to their condition.
" But hostilities may subsist between two nations more
confined in its nature and extent, being limited as to places,
persons, and things; and this is more properly termed im-
perfect war, because not solemn, and because those who
are authorized to commit hostilities act under special au-
thority, and can go nd further than to the extent of their
commission. Still, however, it is public war, because it is
an external contention by force between some of the mem-
bers of the two nations, authorized by the legitimate pow-
ers. It it a war between the two nations, though all the
members are not authorized to commit hostilities, such as
in a solemn war, where the Government restrains the gen-
eral power."*
♦Note.—The Italia are mine.
