1851.)
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
87
31st Cose *£d Scss.
Citrims for French Spoliations—Mr. Hunter.
Senate.
Again, Judff Washington my*:
•  l  (het *rd in h* wturu war: an wwl
•(hnnt wish * vcancl, lo Mbtlttt and make Iwr
pna«, u Aghtiac mill an ea«ny, accurately tad tochnteally
•praliu ; and u Ibi* he aoi evidence of Ib« legu-
burr mm J. it >« .'iplainrd ta toe nae law."
us read what Judge Chase says:
What. then, i* Kb# MWt of the eaMnt NWitnt b -
ro .\wrv-a and Francc ? la aw jwttaicnt, it is a bm-
ltvj, partial « . t "oagrc« has m* n**.-lart*)l war in tenprnl
««n  ; twit Cnniwi ba  authorised boMihtie* OB the hifti
•ca* by maia putmtm in wan nan. Then w no au-
Iham fitra   coauuit hotulilMW on land, m capture iu -
ai&'tl 1r> -v h av r mn to et{ttuK Freneh anonl
twh Itrng in a French port; and the authority |  not
pr*n iMtHrruniaatrly to mrrrr eioira of America againM
rmj rttimra of Franc*, bat only to cihaeaa appointed by
roaaau-euoao, or eipcuml to munvutal? outrage ami vio-
Imf. mr it t«, unquestionably, a partial war; hut.
two-MlK-lMs. it i« a public war, on account of th« public
authority Ana which it emanates.
" llxre am tw ach, authorised hjr oar Gomranent
that arr dmuMntirf of a state of war. A belligerent
Power has a right. by the law of nation*. to aearrh a neu-
tral ve*aet. a inf. upon icvpicton of a violation of ber neu-
aal ohbmioa*. u> me and carry her into port tor farther
uaatana. Bat by the art* of CwpM an American
vessel u authorized: Ut, To raw! the search of a Freneh
pa bit'- vessel: 2d. To rapture any vessel that ihould at-
tenp« by ibn to compel Mbmtxioa to a rearch: 3d. To
nenpmre any Amwu vaaad Kind by a Freneh reseel:
And, -Mt. To capou* any French armed vcsael whoever
(hand on the high seas. This pennon of the law of na-
tion*, thin ra*ht of eaptare and recapture, can only be au-
thor! zed by an act of the GotobkM, which i , a itself,
aa act of hoBUhty."
Bat it would weary the Senate if I were to read
all the extracts from that case which are pertinent
to the question under consideration. Suffice it to
any that the circuit court decided that the French-
man was an enemy, thus deciding that it was
war-, and the Supreme Court unanimously sus-
tained that decision. Suffice it too, to aay, that in
the opinion of all the Judge*—and all of them de-
livered their opinions—Judee Moore, Judge Wash-
ington, Judge Chase, and Judge Patterson—in the
opinion of all theae Judges, it was war, pohlic war,
and of the kind which civilians denominate im-
perfect war.
Now, Mr. President, what is laid down-as the
satisfaction of all obligations on the part of a nation
to prosecute the claims for indemnity on the part
of its citizens ? What is laid down as the satisfac-
tion which may be urged and plead by a foreign
and belligerent nation itaelf, as against such claims ?
It is, that war waged upon that account is a satis-
faction. That the war was waged on that account
we know from the history of the times. For what
else was it waged except for theae spoliations?
Judce Marshall, in the 5th ▼otume^page 745, of
hi* Life of Washington, says: " In Congress vig-
* orons measures wane adopted for retaliating inju-
•ries which had been sustained, and for repelling
* those which were threatened." Thus clearly
assigning thaw spoliations as one cause of the war
which was waged. I havegiven American author-
ity, judicial authority, as to the character of these
hostilities. Let us see what was the French opinion
upon this question. See same Doe. p. 633, in which
we are informed that the President of the French
commission said: " If the question could be deter-
'mined by an ind ifferent nation, he was satisfied such
* a tribunal would say that the present state of things
' w war on the side of America, and that no in-
* demnities could be claimed. The other commis-
'sioners made similar declarations." Same page
he said: " If the Government should think proper
* lo instruct them to make a treaty on the basis of
* itylemnities, and a modified renewal of the old
* treaties, he would resign sooner than sign such
•a treaty." Upon page 634 will be found a letter
of the American commissoners characterizing these
hostilities as war. Such, sir, undoubtedly waa
the opinion of the commissioners on both sides.
So that we have authority of all sorts for saying
that this was a war waged on account of these
spoliations; and if it was waged on account of
them, can any man show me a reason why a per-
fect war would hare been a satisfaction, and yet
this is not satisfaction for these claims ?
Those writers who lay down the doctrine that
war is a satisfaction, make no distinction between a
perfect and an imperfect war. Both arepublic wars,
and if My reason can be given for the sufficiency
of one that cannot be given for the other, it does
not suggest itaelf to me. Why is it that a perfect
war is satisfaction ? It is because we expend
money to avenge injuries; because we spill blood;
because we sustain losses on account of the claim-
ants. In this ease we made war upon France at
a heavy expense to protect the rights of our citi-
zens; and, having done so, we may truly say to
them, We have done all for you that you have a
right to require, because we nave sustained losses
to" avenge you, and inflicted injuries by way of
punishment upon the nation which has afflicted
you.
The citizen can claim nothing of the Govern-
ment except its obligation to protect him—an ob-
ligation wnich subsists both at home and abroad.
Let us trace the analogy, and see what is the duty
of Government in its municipal relations. What
is, then, its duty towards the citizen ? One man
may rob another of his purse. The Government
is bound to punish the man who committed the
robbery, anu having done so its duty is discharged.
It is not bound to make him who waa robbed a
compensation in money. And so in relation to
the obligation to protect the property of its citi-
zens against foreign nations. If it cannot obtain
restitution in money through negotiation, it is
bound to punish if it can the aggressor. There
are, indeed, exceptions to that rule; for there
might be occasions when the nation would risk
its safety too far by making the attempt, and in
such a case it could not be bound to peril itself in
vain; but it is bound, if it can do so without too
much loss, to punish the wrong-doer. It may
thus give secunty for the future to its citizens.
And when it has made war it has punished the
aggressor; and when it has done so it has given
perfect satisfaction and discharged itaelf from all
liability for any further negotiation in relation to
the chum; and, what is more, it has famished to
the offending nation a plea in law to the claim
whenever it is presented, for the Government may
say, You have taken your satisfaction in the shape
of war, and have no right now to ask us to pay
the debt. And in truth did not the French com-
missioners put in this very plea? Did they not,
i when they came to close the negotiations, say this
| in so many word ? I know the commissioners on
both sides began with an attempt, as Mr. Adet
1 calls it, " to disguise the relations" subsisting
between the two countries. They attempted to
act as if there had been no war; as if it was pos-
sible to obtain some restoration of ancient treaties.
They negotiated for a while upon that footing, but
finding that the only way to settle the question
was to face the truth, ana to look at the real rela-
tions in which the two countries stood, the French
commissioners said that in fact it had been war,
and if left to any impartial tribunal would be so
decided. I have already given a reference to this
letter, and will not dwell further upon it.
I suppose, Mr. President, if we had declared
war for the purpose of procuring indemnity for
these claims, and had ended that war two years
afterwards by making just such a treaty as this,
by striking out everything in relation to indemnity,
nobody could have pretended that the claimants
had a right to come to us for satisfaction, or had
a right to go to France even for payment. They
had no right to do either. Will any man show
me the distinction and difference which would
justify them in doing it after such hostilities as
were waged? Upon looking back I am struck
with amazement that reproach should have been
east on our Government for its conduct towards
these claimants. I should like to know in what
respect it failed to discharge its duty towards
them. It negotiated for years. It prosecuted this
war for about two years, in which it raised men
and equipped fleets, expended money, shed blood,
and finally made a treaty, and a very advanta-
geous treaty, of peace, by which it secured pay-
ment for a large class of claims. Suppose we had
declared war, pursued it to extremities, should we
have procurer so advantageous a treaty at its
close ? Would the claimants have been better off?
Would not the probable result have been that we
should not have obtained so advantageous a treaty,
as far as the future security of our commerce was
concerned, whilst we should certainly have lost
the private claims which we secured in the con-
vention of 1800, and which would have been con-
fiscated by France if the war had been waged
further? It seems tome we did precisely what
was best for their interest, and stopped precisely
i where it was best for all concerned that we should
have stopped. When we renounced all farther
negotiation on the subject of indemnity, it was
obvious that it was not possible to have obtained
more. Had we pursued the negotiations from that
time to this, we never should have obtained a
cent more than has already been paid. We were
justified, therefore, in abandoning these negotia-
tions. We had done enough, and it Waa not
proper that we should hold ourselves responsible
for the debt.
I have now, Mr. President, examined into the
defences set up for the United States against these
claims, which I think are good, valid, and suffi-
cient. But, sir, I have said—and it is a remark
which has occasioned some little criticism—I have
said that even if these claims had been just at one
time, even if we had failed some fifty years ago
in the discharge of our duties towards our citizens,
that now, after that lapse of time, it has become
impossible to do justice; it has become impossible
to ascertain what is due and to whom it is due;
it has become impossible to distribute the fund
properly if there were anything due.
I know the plea of the statute of limitations is
deservedly odious. I know it is an unjust and
wrongful plea where we believe something to be
due, and where the parties to whom it should be
paid can be certainly ascertained. But, sir, 1 also
know that fiduciaries, according to the laws of all
our State governments, are bound to plead the
statute for the benefit of those they represent, and
we are acting aa trustees of the people. I do not
say it to justify us in escaping the payment of a
debt which is certainly due, but I say we may
use it where, owing to the lapse of time, we can-
not ascertain what is due or who are entitled. Is
not that thfecaae here? Who are the parties
really entitled ? Let us see first as between the
creditor and the heir. Suppose the bill passes.
Suppose money is paid into the hands of an ad-
ministrator. A man who was a creditor some
fifty, forty, or thirty years ago is barred by the
, statute of limitations. He cannot come against
the administrator. Yet, if it is a debt, certainly
this property belongs to the creditor. So in rela-
< tion to the assignee. If this is property, he who
may have paid only five cents on the dollar will
be entitled to the whole of it. If it is a gratuity,
it would seem to be proper to give to the assignee
only what he paid and to devote the rest to the
family. And now, in regard to insurers, are we
to pay an insurance office, an insurer who received
a premium for his risk, whose business it was to
insure against risk, who received all the profit he
ever stipulated to receive, his premium ? Is he to
be paid twice, first by the person insured, and
afterwards by society at large? Is this just? Is
it rignt? Trace it a little further. Is it not rea-
I sonable to suppose that the merchants thus tra-
ding knew something of the risk to which they
were exposed; and if they did not insure at an in-
surance office, they probably insured in the shape
of additional profits; and, if so, the community
paid the losses, and paid them in the shape of
profits. Why, then, should these merchants be
paid again ? It is impossible we can know how
to distribute this fund properly. How are we to
ascertain what is due and to whom it is due?
The claimants will show that their property was
1 seized; but the evidence on the other siae was in
France, and is now probably destroyed. They
make claims for the value of a cargo—how are
, we to ascertain whether it was not contraband ?
They make claim because their vessel was seized
for want of a "role d'equipage''—how do we
know that they had sea letters or certificates which
our own courts would have deemed sufficient?
How do we know what evidence existed to show
that in truth they were not American but foreign
T68M1B ?
Let us look to the history of the times; let us
look to that period when the facts were much
easier to ascertain. We find very early in the
history of this matter that Mr. Morris writes to
Mr. Pinckney, in London, that he refused to give
passports to vessels because he knew that fraud
would be practised in order to cover enemy's
property with the American name. On that oc-
casion he chose to reverse the rule, and to hare
many innocent people suffer rather than one who
was guilty should escape. We know that at the
; time when the convention of 1803 was negotiated,
