88
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 21,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Claims for French Spoliations—Mr. Seward.
Senate.
& list of the claims of persons probably entitled
was made out by Mr. Livingston, with all the
assistance he could derive from the French archives,
from the claimants, and from the agents of the
United States. He filed a list with the treaty of all
those claims which he supposed could be possibly
raised qg&inst the fund provided by that convention.
And yet what does he say ? He says, page 796:
11 That many of the debts on the list have been paid, that
others are not due, many greatly overcharged, and many
charged under different heads; so that, upon a fair statement,
there is the highest reason to believe that the whole of that,
not including the embargo, together with the interest on the
debt, will not exceed twelve millions of francs."
and to practice, or the worse will come of it. We
are accumulating debts rapidly, and making no
provisions to pay them. I fear there are some
who believe that, by accumulating these debts,
they will finally force upon the country the neces-
sity for adding to the tariff, for increasing the du-
ties on imports, and who would be willingto incur
a debt, if that consequence should result from it.
But let not those gentlemen lay that flattering
unction to their souls. The people of this country
have had a taste of free trade, or something ap-
ment ought ever to be broken, debts founded on
the appropriation of private property to the gener-
al use, and especially to the discharge of obliga-
tions incurred in the war of the Revolution, are
practically guarantied by the Constitution, and are
stamped with a peculiar equity. They ought,
therefore, to be held as sacred as the safety of the
State itself. The claims before us fall within that
class of inviolable obligations.
The peace of Paris, in 1763, reduced the broad
possessions of France in America to Cayenne on
system of taxation by which, for every dollar they
Mr. Skipwith, an agent long employed by the pay into the Treasury, they have to pay four or
wwnmeni in rolnfinn tn thoea five dollars into the pockets of some " protected"
proaching to it, and they will not consent to any ; the continent, and the islands of St. Domingo,
v«, Martinique, Guadaloupe, St. Lucia, St. Vincent,
Government in relation to these matters, and resi-
dent in Paris, made out a list and sent it home.
He had the advantages of reference to the French
archives, and of daily communications with the
claimants. Mr. Livingston, in a letter to Mr.
Madison in 1804, (p. 789,) in relation to Mr. Skip-
with's list, says:
"The whole list is a tissue of errors, and is calculated to
render the amount of claims as large as possible, with what
view I will not pretend to judge. The list contains a num-
ber of claims for which there is no foundation. A number
that are paid, as Mr. Skipwith himself knows. A number
for which no vouchers can be produced. A number that do
not come under the treaty."
If it was impossible for all these contemporaries
at that time to make even an approach to a fair list
of the claims; if they were so liable to be deceived
in relation to the amount due and the persons to
whom is was due, how are we to ascertain it at
this distance of time, after a lapse of fifty years ? I
regard it as next to impossible. Gentlemen may,
upon a feeling off magnanimity and generosity, be ,
willing to throw millions of dollars into a crowd I
to be scrambled for under the supposition that a j
dollar may, pefrhaps, hit somebody who may be i
entitled to it; but the hope will be vain and fruit-
Treasury will not bear it. Mr. Randolph said on
one occasion that he had found the true philoso-
pher's Btone, the true political alchymy, and it
consisted in one short maxim, " Pay as you go."
I believe, if there be any political alchymy, it is
to be found in that maxim which carries with it
another, that of spending no more than may be
  necessary for the proper purposes of Government.
less if they believe that anything like a fair and But are we practising upon that precept? Are we
just distribution will take place. I say that under ■ making any provision here for the payment of the
Tobago, Deseada, Marigalante, St. Pierre, Mi-
queelon, Grenada, and Dominica, in the Atlantic
ocean. Great Britain at the same time acquired
the Canadas, together with the vast region of New
France, and thus secured to herself an empire ex-
tending from the Gulf of Mexico to the Arctic
circle.
In February, 1778, the new thirteen American
States were struggling to disengage themselves
from that empire. It was a conflict ripened and
final between Great Britain to retain supreme do-
minion, and the United States to acquire absolute
sovereignty and independence. Great Britain, so
lately victorious over her great continental rival,
was now confessed mistress of the seas. The
! United States had then a free population scarcely
' surpassing their present number of slaves. Their
individual. If we should be reduced to the neces-
sity of raising additional revenue, the present tariff '
will be searched and scrutinized to see whether \
more money cannot be raised, not by an increase,
but by a reduction of duties. I believe in my soul
that we could raise more revenue by reducing the
duties than by increasing them. Let gentlemen
ponder over these things before they go too far in
the course of extravagance whioh we are now pur-
suing. 1 speak now to those who believe this debt
is not strictly due, but who think it is a gratuity,
which this Government may grant, which it ought
to grant, out of magnanimity and generosity.
There are some who take that view; but I would
remind them that this is not a proper time for the   o      
exercise of that sort of magnanimity. The public > sovereignty had been assumed only nineteen
I roflaiifv Ysrtll nnt Us* i* M> D«nilA1n1. . 11 /  111 < * .
such circumstanccs as these, even if the debt were
due, it would be impossible to ascertain to whom
it was due, and what was due. But, in point of
fact, T do not believe it is due. I believe the Gov-
ernment is not liable for these claims, for the rea-
sons which I have given. I believe, if we give it,
it will be a mere gratuity. And it is not a suffi-
cient answer to me, aftertracing the correspondence
and examining the history of the times, to bring
up certain distinguished individuals who believed
the claims ought to have been paid. It is not a
sufficient answer to bring up the reports of certain
committees who believed the claims ought to have
passed. Against all that I put the striking fact
that for more than thirty years these claims never
did receive a majority of either House of Congress
in their favor. I regard that as a negative preg-
nant. I regard it as showing that it was not be-
lieved by contemporaries that these were just
claims upon the public Treasury. Add to that the
fact that none of our Presidents, as far as I know,
ever recommended the payment of these claims,
and we have abundant authority, if authority is to
decide, for rejecting them. Surely those Presidents
who lived at the time, if they had believed they
were just claims upon the public Treasury, would
have recommended them to the favorable consid-
eration of Congress. If the Congresses of that day
and for thirty succeeding years believed that we had
used private property forpublic purposes, they
would have paid them. The strongest proof we
can have that they believed no such thing is the
fact that none of them ever did it; and it was not
until years had passed, not until contemporaneous
evidence was gone, not until we had been wearied
out with importunities, that Congress began to give
an indication of acting favorably upon this subject.
Mr. President, I kno* it is an ungracious task
to oppose these appropriations. I fear I may
almost say that it has become an odious business '
to oppose extravagant expenditures of any de- j
•cription. Economy, that highest virtue of a !
Government, I fear, has long since ceased to be at j
all regarded here. 1 say economy is the highest i
virtue of a Government, because, rightly under- '
stood, it includes justice—justice, simple, severe, j
exact. And if you will show me a Government '
hat is just in all it# relations, you will show a
overnment which is better administered than any i
* V ua\e yet any account. I believe it is 1
is virtue which shortly we shall be forced to study 1
public debt ? The public lands were pledged for
the war debt. The Secretary of the Treasury tells
us they are alienated, and that We will get nothing
from them for that purpose for something like fif-
teen years.
By this bill, if it should pass, we contract an
additional debt of five millions. How are we to pay
it? When we create these debts, we ought as
honest men provide the means for paying them.
Let it always be remembered, too, that the Secre-
tory of the Treasury proposes to expend, during
i the next fiscal year, more than he expects to re-
: eeive. We will have to do something. We must
I either raise more revenue or cut down expendi-
' tures. I believe the true mode to act would be to
! cut down the expenses of this Government. I
I believe we can cut them down so as to make the
present revenue an abundant one for all the fair
1 and necessary purposes of Government. Unless
we do this, mischief will come of it, and we
| repent sooner or later.
I have said that I presented this view to those
I who look upon this as a gratuity which perhaps it
j would be proper and generous that we should be-
j stow. I know there are some who do so regard
it, who do not look upon it as a debt; and indeed
i the bill itself would seem to imply it was not a
i debt, because it limits the amount to be paid to
j five millions. How can you limit the payment of
debts to a certain sum ? W^e must pay what we
| owe, neither more nor less. We must pay this
| either as adebt or a gratuity. If it be a debt which
we owe, if we are really liable for it, then, in my i
opinion, the appropriation is too small. The sum,
I fear, will not cover half the claims which will be
proven upon such evidence as probably will be
admitted. If it be a gratuity, then, in my opinion, 1
we have not the power to bestow it, nor is this the
time or the occasion to grant it. In whatever light,
then, you may view it, Mr. President, I am op-
posed to the passage of this bill.
—— —   I
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
SPEECH OF MR. SEWARD, j
OP NEW YORK,
In Senate, Tuesday, January 21, 1851,
On the claims of American Merchants for indem-
,, 0r<m$IflJkr ^rench Spoliations. i
Mr. SEWARD said:
Mr. President: While no lawful public engage- 1
months before, and had not yet been recognized
by any foreign nation, nor even by the least of
the hundred savage tribes whom the wilderness
protected within and around their borders. They
1 had no navy, mercantile marine, fortifications!,
j Constitution, nor even confirmed confederation.
! The hopes which had been kindled by early suc-
i cesses were almost extinguished by recent and suc-
cessive disasters. Boston had, indeed, been re-
gained, and Burgoyne had given back the passes
of the North; but the enemy yet retained New
York, and now victorious over Washington in
successive pitched battles, on fields chosen by him-
-self, on the Brandywine and at Germantown,
was marching unobstructed towards Philadelphia,
then the American capital. The precious metal®
seemed to have hidden themselves again in the
earth, and paper credits had everywhere collapsed.
The chaplain of Congress implored Washington
" to give over the ungodly war in which he was
engaged." The discomfited army, without re-
cruits, pay, or sufficient food, had tracked their
way with bleeding feet into Winter quarters on the
' 1 Schuylkill. Two hundred officers had resigned
j and retired; the hospitals and the neighboring far-
mers' firesides were crowded by soldiers without
I blankets or shoes; and the great leader, in the
| midst of discontents fast growing into mutiny*
I announced to the loosely constituted Legislature,
which was now convulsed with distrust and fac-
II tion, that " unless some great and capital change
should occur, thetroops'under his care must starve,
dissolve, or disperse."
I A great and capital change did occur. Allied
1 armies, fresh, vigorous, and well-appointed, co-
' operating with a gallant fleet, met the invader, and
his surrender at Yorktown opened the way te
; peace, sovereignty, and independence. An auspi-
cious star had led Franklin, Deane, and Lee, the
first of American ambassadors, to Paris; and it
was an alliance with France, a hereditary foe, but
thenceforth a fraternal nation, that wrought out
this great and capital change, and effected that tri-
umphant consummation.
, The courses of the allies immediately separated,
' and thenceforward widely diverged. The United
; States completed their union in peace and tran-
quillity, and established their Constitution on the
unremovable foundations on which loyal citizens
hope, and wise men throughout the world believe,
that it stands firmly fixed forever; while by well-
directed devotion of the national revenues to the
payment of their debts and the establishment of
credit, and a wise cultivation of arts and industry,
they prepared the way for permanent and extended
empire.
France, on the contrary, began the descent to-
wards revolution in the very year when the United
States emerged from its dangerous labyrinths; and
thereafter, distracted herself, for thirteen years she
convulsed all Europe.
