1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBBL
89
31st Cong.....2d Sess.
Claims for French Spoliations—Mr. Seward.
Senate.
It was during this period that these claims for
indemnities for spoliations arose.
The political and commercial relations between
France and the United States had been defined by
treaties.
First. The Treaty of Jimity and Commerce, the
most ancient treaty of the United States, executed
on the 6th of February, 1778. Itstipulated [Art. 1.]
a firm, inviolable, universal, and perpetual peace.
[Art. 2.] That all commercial privileges to be grant-
ed by either party to any State should become com-
mon to the other contracting party. [Arts. 3 and 4.]
The most favored footing for each party in the
other's ports. [Arts. 5 and 6.] Reciprocal pro-
tection to vessels in their respective jurisdictions.
[Art. 8.1 The aid of France in negotiations by the
United btates with the Barbary Powers. [Art.
12.] The mutual exhibition of passports and certi-
ficates of cargo in cases of suspicious vessels
making the ports of an enemy of one of the par-
ties. [Art. 14. ] That goods of either party should
be forfeited if laden in ships of an enemy of the
other. [Art. 17.] Thatarmed vessels of one party
might freely carry prizes into the other's ports,
without paying duties to courts, and might freely
depart to the places designated in their commis-
sions, and that neither .party should give shelter
to captors of prizes from the other. [Art. 22.1
That privateers of an enemy of one party should
not be allowed to be fitted out or to sell prizes in
the ports of the other. [Art. 23.] That free ships
should make free goods. [Art. 24.] Defined arti-
cles contraband of war, and excepted from that
class many articles not free by the law of nations.
[Art. 25.] In case one party should be at war, the
vessels of the other should be furnished with sea-
letters, or passports, and with certificates contain-
ing the particulars of the cargo, so as to relieve
the rigors of search.
Secondly. The Treaty of JtManet, concluded on
the same day, February 6,1778. In this treaty
the parties recited the execution of the Treaty of
Amity and Commerce, declared that they had con-
sidered the means of strengthening their engage-
menu, particularly in case Great Britain, in re-
sentment against those engagements, should break
the peace with France, either by direct hostilities
or by hindering her commerce and navigation,
contrary to the rights of nations, and the peace
subsisting between those countries; and that there-
fore they had agreed, that [Art. 1] if war should
break out between France and Great Britain, du-
ring the continuance of the existing war between
the United States and England, that then his Ma-
jesty and the United States would make it a com-
mon cause, and aid* each other mutually with their
good offices, their counsel, and their forces, as
was becoming to good and faithful allies. JArt.
2.] That the essential and direct end of their de-
fensive alliance was to maintain effectually the
liberty, sovereignty, and independence, absolute
and unlimited, of the United States of America,
as well in matters of government as of commerce.
[Arts. 3 and 4.] That each party should make
every effort to attain that end; and that they
should, in every possible way, act in concert, and
with promptness and good faith. [Arts. 5, 6, and
7.] That France renounced, in favor of the United
States, conquests that might be made by the allied
armies, except the British Islands in or near the
Gulf of Mexico. [Arts. 8 and 9.] That neither
party should conclude a truce or peace without
the other's consent; and that neither party should
demand any compensation from the other. [Art.
11.] The two parties guarantied mutually from
the date of the treaty forever against all other
Powers, to wit—the United States to his Most
Christian Majesty the then existing possessions
of the Crown of France in America, as well as
those it might acquire by the treaty of peace. And
his Most Christian Majesty, on his own part,
guarantied to the United States their liberty, Sov-
ereignty, and independence, absolute and unlimit-
ed, and also their possessions, and the additions
or conquests that the Confederation might obtain
during the war, conformably to the 5th and 6th
articles. [Art. 12.] In order to fix more precisely
the application of the preceding article, the con-
tracting parties declared, that in case of a rupture
between France and England, the reciprocal guar-
anty declared in that article should have its full
force and effect the moment such rupture should
break out; and if such rupture should not take
I place, the mutual obligations of the said guaranty
: should not commence until the moment of the
cessation of the war then existing between the
1 United States and England should have ascer-
tained their possessions.
Thirdly. The Treaty called the Consular Con-
vention, concluded on the 14th November, 1788,
containing the following articles:
« Art. 8. The Consuls or Vice Consuls shall exercise po-
lice over all the vessels of their respective nations; and shall
have on board the said vessels all power and jurisdiction in
civil matters, in all the disputes which may there arise.
They shall have an entire inspection over tlie said vessels,
their crews, aad the changes and substitutions therein to be
made; for which purpose they may go on board the said
vessels whenever they may judge it necessary.
" Art. 12. All differences and suits between the subjects
of the most Christian King in the United States, or between
the citiiens of the United States within the dominions of
the most Christian King, and particularly all disputes rela-
tive to the wages and terms of engagement of the crews of
their respective vessels, and all the differences, of what-
ever nature they be, which may arise between the privates
of die said crews, or between captains of different vessels
of their nations, shall be determined by their respective
consuls. The officers of the country, civil or military, shall
not interfere therein, or take any part whatever in the mat-
ter ; and the appeals from the mid consular tribunals shall
be carried before the tribunals of France or of the United
States."
The French revolution began in 1789, and in
1793 it became a general European war, in which
France, while treading continually upon the fiercest
internal fires, bared her head to all the thunder-
bolts of despotism.
Washington, by the serene tranquillity and ma-
jestic justice of his character, repressed the sym-
pathies of the United States for France and the
Republican cause, and sent forth his memorable
proclamation:
" Whereas, (said fee President,) it appear* that a state
of war exists between Austria, Prussia, Sardinia, Great ;
Britain, and the United Netherlands, of the oru> part, and
France on the other, and the duty and interest of the Uni-
ted States require that they should, with sincerity and good
faith, adopt and pursue a conduct friendly and impartial
towards the belligerent Powers, I have therefore thought
fit, by these presents, to declare the disposition of the Uni-
ted States to observe the conduct aforesaid."
No less a character than Washington could
have assumed neutrality in such a crisis. Nor
could even he protect it in that fierce conflict of
armed opinion which raged throughout Europe, as
if all its separate and widely different States had
been one entire yet distracted commonwealth.
The cost of supplies rose two, three, and four-fold,
| under the demands of the belligerent nations. The
United States put in motion, for once, and all at
| once, the three wheels of industry—production,
manufacture, and exchange, and wealth flowed in
| upon them like a spring tide. The combatants,
! relapsing into the morality of the Barbary Pow-
ers, seized and confiscated neutral ships and their
cargoes. American commerce was thus suddenly^
checked, and the revenues it yielded rapidly de-
clined. Jefferson, then Secretary of State, met
the emergency with a declaration—
" I have it in charge from the President to assure the
merchants af the United States concerned in foreign com-
merce or navigation, that attention will be paid to any in-
juries they may suffer on the high seas or in foreign coun-
tries, contrary to the law of nations or to existing treaties ;
and that, on their forwarding hither well-authenticated evi-
dences of the same, proper proceedings will be adopted for
their relief."
The American merchants, thus stimulated, pros-
ecuted more diligently than before a trade which
yielded enticing profits, while its risks seemed to
have been underwritten by their country. The
maritime injuries suffered by Americans at the
hands of France in the course of the war, were, at
the time, classified as follows:
1st. Spoliations and mal-treatment of the ves-
sels of American citizens at sea by French ships
of war and privateers.
2d. A long and distressing embargo, which de-
tained many American vessels at Bordeaux in 1793
and 1794.
3d. The dishonor of bills and other evidences of
debt due to American citizens for supplies fur-
nished, at the request of France, to herself and to
| her West India islands, in a period of famine and
civil war.
[ 4th. The seizure and forced sales of the cargoes
of American vessels, and the appropriation of them
to public uses.
I 5th. The non-performance of contracts for sup-
plies made by the French authorities with Ameri-
can citizens.
6th. The condemnation of American vessels and
cargoes under marine ordinances of France incom-
patible with treaties.
7th. Captures, in violation of the provisions of
the commercial treaty, of American vessels laden
with provisions, bound to the ports of the enemy.
To elucidate the nature of these injuries:
On the 9th of May, 1793, France authorized
armed vessels and privateers to arrest and bring
into her ports neutral ships, laden wholly or in
part either with provisions belonging to neutral
nations and destined to an enemy's ports, or with
merchandise belonging to an enemy, and declared
that such merchandise should be lawful prize,
while such provisions should be paid for according
to their value at the place of destination, and just
indemnification should be made for the freights and
the detention of the ships. This decree was al-
ternately rescinded as to the United States, re-
stored, rescinded again, and finally restored and
left in full effect.
American vessels, known and confessed, but
found without passport or certificate in the exact
form prescribed by the twenty-second article of the
Treaty of Amity and Commerce, were, by a de-
cree of the 3d of March, 1797, declared lawful
prizes.
On the 2d of July, 1796, France decreed that she
would treat neutral vessels, either as to confisca-
tions, searches, or captures, in the same manner
that they suffered the English to treat them—a de-
cree that punished with violence the endurance of
aggression committed by another, while it confided
in the discretion of the second corsair to determine
who, by becoming victims of the first, had offend-
ed against so extraordinary a code.
On the 29th of October, 1799, France decreed
that any native of an allied, or even of a neutral
country, found wearing a hostile commission, or
serving in an enemy's crew, should suffer as a
pirate, without being allowed to allege duress,
by violence, menace, or otherwise.
Besides one hundred and three vessels which
were detained by the embargo at Bordeaux, there
is'a list of six hundred and nineteen which were
captured and plundered before 1800. The true
number of spoliations is said to have been three
times greater. Contemporaneous expositions by
the authorities of the United States placed the ag-
gregate of damages sustained by the merchants at
more than twenty millions of dollars. Of these
damages, portions amounting to about ten million?
of dollars were adjusted and paid under the con-
vention of 1800, finally carried into effect by the
Louisiana treaty in 1803. The exact amount of
damages due, however, is not now in question.
The bill before the Senate confines itself to unad-
justed claims to be actually proved, and awards
only five millions, without interest, in satisfaction
of all that shall be established.
The United States diligently prosecuted the
claims from 1793 to 1800, but France did not so
long remain a mere respondent. Edmund C.
Genet, her minister, claimed and actually assumed
to fit out privateers in American ports to cruise
against British vessels. Under the 22d article of
tfie treaty of amity and commerce, he demanded
what in fact were admiralty powers for French
consuls in American ports by virtue of article 8th
of the consular convention: while, under color of
'the 17th article of the treaty of amity and com-
merce, he insisted that French vessels had a right
to sell their prizes free from all duties in American
ports; and, finally, he complained that British
ships were permitted to take French goods out of
American vessels, while a reciprocal right was de-
nied to the French marine. All these complaints,
however, were disallowed, upon grounds which
will not now be questioned.
Nor were the relations between the United States
and Great Britain less disturbed. Besides having
offended earlier and more flagrantly than France
against our neutrality, Great Britain still, in vio-
lation of the treaty of independence, held the mil-
itary posts on our western frontiers, and through
them the control of the disaffected Indian tribe®;
nor did she seem unwilling, amidst our domestic
distractions, to provoke a new trial of our ability
to maintain the independence she had so reluctant-
ly confessed. While John Jay opened negotia-
