1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
91
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Claims for French Spoliations—Mr. Seward.
Senate.
No, sir, we cannot raise such a defence; nor
could it be maintained. No one questions the sin-
cerity of the United States in prosecuting these
claims. France was equally sincere in admitting
them, and in preferring her own. Even in her
piractical decrees she pleaded an overpowering
pressure, and promised reparation:
" Being informed that some .French privateers have takes
vessels belonging to the United States of America, I hasten
to engage you to take the most speedy and efficacious means
to put a stop to this robbery."—Monge, Minister of Marine,
to the Ordonnatewrs of France^ March 30,1793.
Thus France was ingenuous even in her agony
of social convulsion.
'* Athough it [the treaty of 1778] is reciprocal upon the
whole, some provisions are more especially applicable to
ttie fixed position of the United States, and others have al-
lusion only to the eventual position of-France. The latter
has stipulated few advantages, advantages which do not in
any respect injure the United States, and the lawfulness of
winch no foreign nation can contest. The French nation
wHi never renounce them."—Jf. Talleyrand to Mr. Gerry,
January 18, 1798.
The Convention of 1800 was, then, in fact as well
as in form, a treaty of equivalents.
Can the United States impeach it now on the
ground of the inadequacy of the equivalent received ?
Certainly not, sir. It is too late; the parties are
changed. The merchants' claims are just the same,
whether you received an adequate equivalent or
exchanged their demands for an insufficient con-
sideration.
Nevertheless let us pursue the objection. You
say that, however intrinsically just the claims may
have been, they were renounced because you
could not collect them without resort to war. I
reply, a just claim against a civilized State is never
valueless. If the State refuses to be just to-day,
it may become more just to-morrow. It is true
that the United States were not bound to declare
war for the claims, but it is equally true that they
had no right to confiscate them without indem-
nity.
Thus we have reached one of the main defences
against these claims, viz:
Fifthly. That the ancient treaties had become void
as against the United States, and therefore the release
of them by France in 1800 was valueless.
This argument involves two propositions:
1. That France flagrantly violated those com-
pacts.
2. That the United States perfectly fulfilled them.
1. That France flagrantly violated those com-
pacts. The chief object of the treaties of 1778
was the establishment of the liberty, sovereignty,
and independence of the United States, in the war
of the Revolution, and forever afterwards. France
fulfilled her guarantee in the Revolution. But the
merit of that fulfillment is denied. It was said by
one of my predecessors, [Mr. Dix,] that France
was not moved by generosity or sympathy in en-
tering into the treaties, or in fulfilling them. Sir,
a nation whose pride can condescend so far as to
receive benefits, vindicates itself fully by the exer-
cise of unquestioning and enduring gratitude.
Sir, interest and ambition do indeed too often
mingle with the purest and highest of human mo-
tives, not less of States than of individuals. But
the character of motives must be determined by
the character of the actions in which they result.
Sir, in the strait of the Revolution, your agents
applied for aid, not to the King of France only,
but also to the Emperor of Germany, to the Kings
of Spain and Prussia, and to the Grand Duke of
Tuscany. From neither of them could they gain
so much as a protest to discountenance the hire of
mercenaries by the German Princes to the King
of Great Britain, to be employed with savage In-
dian tribes against us. But France yielded money,
volunteers, recognition, and armed alliance. Was
there no merit in that ?
It is true, that in our oppressor France found a
rival to humble and overthrow. But had Britain
no other rival or enemy than France ? If there
were others, why did we not win them to our side ?
France did indeed exact a guarantee from the
United States in exchange for her own. But did
we find any other Power willing to enter into such
an exchange? Moreover, France conceded to us
all of the conquests which should be made by the
allied armies in the war of the Revolution, except
such as would have been useless to us, and even
including the Canadas, of which we had so recent-
ly assisted to deprive her, and she insisted on no
remuneration after the war should end. "Was
there no magnanimity in that?
France was not actuated chiefly by ambition or
revenge in making the engagements of 1778. The
people and even the Court were filled with enthusi-
astic admiration of the United States and of their
cause. Fenelon had already educated even roy-
alty in that cause, in the palace and under the eye
of the Grand Monarque. The court, the army,
the navy, the rulers, and the people of France had i
no standard of a hero but Washington, no model
of a philosopher but Franklin, nor of a State but '
the United States. Seventeen years ago I traversed
the now deserted and desolate chambers of the
Bourbons of France. Never shall I forget the
gratified pride I felt when I found among the fam-
ily pictures of the House of Orleans one which
commemorated the visit of Franklin to the Palais
Royale, and among the illustrations of the national
1 glory at Versailles one that celebrated the sur-
, render of Cornwallis. The failure of Louis XVI.
as a king resulted from his attempting, like Nerva
in ancient Rome, and Pio Nono in modern Rome,
to combine the two incompatible things, the en-
largement of popular freedom with me mainte-
nance of regal power. Nor may we undervalue
the aid received from France. It decided the con-
test. It cost her more than three hundred millions
' of dollars, and hurried her into a revolution more
exhausting than any other State in the tide of
times has endured.
Thus it appears that France fulfilled faithfully
and completely her chief engagements in the trea-
ties of 1778, wnile it is admitted that she failed af-
terwards in less essential obligations, but with
J protestations of adherence and promises of repa-
l ration.
2. Did the United States completely and ab-
solutely fulfill their reciprocal obligations ? When
the war of 1793 broke out France held all the
possessions in America which they had guat-
antied to her forever, and they were all exposed.
Yet the United States never guarantied nor at-
tempted to defend them; never devoted a life nor
even a dollar to that end. Thus, instead of stand-
ing on fulfillment, we are at once brought to the
necessity of justifying a non-performance of the
engagements. The justification has been placed
on several grounds, viz:
1. That France did not demand fulfillment.
Such an inference is warranted by some of the
papers before us, but there are others which leave,
the fact very doubtful.
" I beg you to lay before the President of the United
States, as soon aa possible, the decree and the enclosed
note, and to obtain from him the Cabinet decision, either as
to the guarantee that I have claimed the fulfillment of for our
colonies," lie.—E. C. Genet's Letter of Nov. 14,1793.
But if France did not demand the performance
of the guarantee in the war, she insisted on its ob-
ligation. The United States practically disavowed
and renounced it. The proposition is self-evident.
The treaty stipulated alliance when France should
demand it. The United States assumed neutrality
in every event.
2. The non-performance by the United States
has been justified on the ground that the casus
fiederis of the stipulated guarantee was a defensive
war, and that the war of 1793 was not of that
character.
In reply to this argument, I observe, in the first
place, that the terms of the treaty of alliance stipu-
lated for the execution of the guarantee in the case
of " war to break out"—any war, offensive or de-
fensive. ' But the Senator from Virginia [Mr.
Hunter] overpowers us with an argument which
with me is irresistible. He says that only a defen-
sive war must have been contemplated, because a
astipulation for aid and alliance in an aggressive war
would be immoral, unjust, and therefore void.
Sir, I acknowledge that higher law of universal
and eternal justice; and I admit that all laws of
States, and all treaties and compacts between
States which contravene its sacred provisions, are
utterly void and of no effect. I accept, therefore,
the Senator's definition of the casus fasderis, that it
was a defensive war. I controvert, and I rest my
cause upon controverting, his assumption that the
war of 1793, between the Allied Powers and
France, was on her part an aggressive, and not a
defensive war.
The very proclamation of neutrality implies a
deniel of that assumption. The war therein de-
scribed, is a war " between Austria, Prussia, Sar-
dinia, Great Britain, and the United Netherlands,
of the one part, and France on the other." Why
was the aggressor the last party to be named ?
But history has determined the character of the
parties in that momentous contest.
" The first war of the French Revolution, "says
Wheaton, in his History of the Law of Nations,
" originated in the application by the Allied Powers
of the principle of armed intervention to the in-
ternal affairs of France, for the purpose of check-
1 ing the progress of her revolutionary principles
' and the extension of her military power." War
was declared, indeed, by France, but only as a re-
ply to the ultimatum of a Restoration of Despot-
lsmr tendered by the Armed League of enemies.
' Thus, sir, we have arrived at the true ground of
' defence of the neutrality of 1793, to wit: that per-
formance of the treaty was impossible.
' Sir, in a practical sense, performance was im-
- possible. First, on account of the condition of
i France. The parties in 1778 of course expected
I that France would remain an organized State,
I capable of conducting combined operations under
j the treaty, upon a method and towards an end,
! without danger from herself to her ally. But it
i was not so with France. She became not merely
|! revolutionary, but disorganized, having no certain
and permanent head; no stable and effective legis-
lature. All the organs of the State were shattered,
broken, and scattered. " Nec color imperii, nec
frons erat ulla Senatus."
i The King, after unavailing changes of ministry,
convened the Assembly of the Notables; after hold-
ing the bed of justice, and after attempting to estab-
lish the new plenary courts, he called the States
General, which soon became a Constituent Assem-
bly, absorbing all the functions of Government.
Suddenly the people of Paris rose, and brought the
King, Q,ueen, and Assembly into captivity. A
constitutional monarchy rose under the dictation
of the people, but the King was degraded, con-
demned, and executed, and a Republic appeared.
The Republic went down before the power of ca-
bals, which rapidly succeeded each other, all sus-
taining their administrations throughout a reign
of terror, by the tribunal of blood. These unnat-
ural convulsions could have but one end—the res-
toration of the State by the Dictator. That
magistrate, in 1800, appeared in the person of Na-
poleon. When and where, before that event,
could the United States have been required to go
to the aid of France! It was well that France had
regained her liberty; but her ally had a right be-
fore going into a war with her against Europe, to
see that liberty combined with Government and
| with public force—with national morality, with
1 social order, and with civil manners. All this was
t wisely deemed by Washington necessary to secure
the United States against absolute danger, and to
i render their alliance at all useful to France. For
on what side were the United States to array them-
| selves ? With the King, while he yet held the
I reins of State, or with" the National Assembly
! while abolishing the Monarchy? With theephem-
eral Directories, which governed France through
| the guillotine, or with the Counter Revolutionists,
! struggling to restore internal peace and repose?
! Well did Mr. Jefferson say, that if the United
States had panted for war as much as ancient
I Rome—if tbeirarmies had been as effective as those
! of Prussia—if their coffers had been full and their
' debts obliterated—even then peace was too preciou s
to be put at hazard, in an enterprise with an ally
thus deranged and disorganized.
i And what was the condition ofthe United States,
; that they should peril all in the domestic rage of
France and her foreign strife ? Mr. Jefferson was
| no false interpreter, and he thus described it:
! "An infant country, deep in debt, necessitated to borrow
in Europe; without a land or naval force; without a com-
1 petency of arms and ammunition; with a commercc con-
nected beyond the Atlantic; with the certainty of enhancing
the price of foreign productions, and of diminishing that of
our own; with a Consitution little more than four years
old, in a state of probation, and not exempt from foes."
No greater calamity than war could then have
fallen upon the United States, nor could war, in
> any other case, ever come in a form so fearful. It
i was not a fault of Washington, as it was of Cato,
| not to see that public affairs were incapable of per-
fection, and that States could not be governed
