9%
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 23f
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Execution of the Bounty Land Law—Mr. Haymond.
Ho. of Reps.
without submitting lesser interests to greater. On
the contrary, the measure of his duty was that of
Cicero in tne consulship—to take care that the
Republic should suffer no detriment. Well and
wisely did he perform that duty. He could not
aid France, but ne saved his own country. For-
ever, then, let the justice and the -yisdom of Wash-
ington in that memorable crisis stand vindicated
and established.
But what does all this prove? Just this, and no
more: That circumstances, affecting Franee and
the United Statese qually, unforeseen and imperi-
ous, prevented the United States from even under-
taking to perform their compact with France in
the way stipulated in a particular emergency. But
the circumstances creating this impossibility were
not alone the fault or misfortune of France, but
arose in part out of their own condition; and the
omission to perform it assured the safety and pro-
moted the welfare of the United States. Under
such circumstances, the United States owed to j
France, if not indemnities for past non-perform-1
ance, at least recognition and renewal of the an-
cient treaties. If, then, France was held by the ,
treaties, because the United Stat.es excused their |
non-performance, they were equally bound to ex- i
tenuate her deviations, under such a pressure,
from prudence, order, and even from justice, if
she were willing to make reparation. None knew
so well as they that France broke the treaties in
less essential obligations, not from want of virtue
to be faithful, but from want of magistracy to
enforce fidelity. But, while France was always ,
willing to make reparation, the United States in-
sisted on being absolutely tree from obligations.
Jay's treaty was confessedly injurious to France. |
Either that treaty was necessary to the United !
States, or it was unnecessary. If it was unneces-
sary, the complaints of France were just. If ne-
cessary, then she was entitled to equivalents. A
release from the engagements in the ancient trea-
ties was necessary to the United States, or it was
not. If it was not necessary, then the United J
States ought not to have bartered the merchants' I
claims away for it. If it was necessary, then the 1
United States received an adequate equivalent. 1
France never declared war against the United
States, and equally so that the United States never
declared war against France. There were hostili-
ties between them, but hostilities are not always
war. The statute book of theUnited States shows
the nature and extent of these hostilities.
We were not at war with France on the 14th
of January, 1797; for on that day Congress de-
clared it a misdemeanor for an American to en-
gage in privateering against nations with whom
uie United States were at peace, and we know
that France was then regarded as in that relation,
because the United States afterwards authorized
privateering against her in certain cases.
We were not at war with France on the 28th
of May, 1798; for on that day Congress directed
that a provisional army should be raised in the
event of a declaration of war against the United
States, or of actual invasion of their territory by
a foreign Power, or of imminent danger of such
invasion.
Nor were we at war with France on the 13th
of June, 1798; for on that day Congress suspended
commercial relations with France—a measure
quite unnecessary if war had already broken up
that intercourse.
Nor were we at war on the 25th of June, 1798;
for on that day Congress authorized American
vessels to oppose and resist searches, restraints,
and seizures by armed vessels of France. Such
opposition and resistance would have needed no
sanction if committed in open war.
We were not at war with France on the 2d day
of March, 1799; for on that day Congress author-
ized the President to levy and organize additional
regiments, in case war should break out between the
United States and a foreign European Power.
We were not yet at war on the 20th of February,
1800, for on that day Congress directed that all
further enlistments should be suspended, unless
during the recess of Congress and during the
existing differences (which existing differences the
sequel will show were not war) between the United
States and France, or imminent danger of inva-
sion of the territory of the United States by that
Republic, should, in the opinion of the President,
Thus it appears that the ancient treaties had not be deemed to have arisen.
lost their obligation against the United States by
reason of any flagrant violation of them by France.
Sixthly. The opponents of this bill next insist that
the treaties had been abrogated by em act of Congress
which teas passed on the ith day of July, 1798, viz:
" Whereas the treaties conclnded between the United
States and France have been repeatedly violated on the
pert of the French Government and the jnst claims of the
United States for reparation of the injuries so committed
have been refused, and their attempts to negotiate an ami-
cable adjustment of all complaints between the two nations
have been repelled with indignity: Aad whereas, under the
authority of the French Government, there is yet pursued
against the United States a system of predatory violence,
infracting the said treaties, and hostile to the rights of a free <
and independent nation:
"Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Reyretenta-
Finally, we were not at war on the 30th of Sep-
tember, 1800; for on that day the then " existing
differences" between France and the United States
were adjusted by a convention, concluded on the
basis that although, in the opinion of the United
"States, the aggressions of France would "well have
'justified an immediate declaration of war, yet
' that they had nevertheless been desirous of main-
' taining peace, and of leaving open the door of
' reconciliation with France, and had therefore
' contented themselves with preparations for de-
' fence, and measures calculated to protect their
'commerce."—Instructions to American Ministers
at Paris, October 22, 1799.
. - - - -- - ■ , - —  ~j — - ! Thus, sir, it is shown, that if a war existed,
ticw of the United States of America in Contreu auem- ; neither its bemnnirur nnr itn onH nnr the wnv nf
tied, That the United States are of right freed Ind exonera- | ' n°r . ,eiK1',n°F . f, ^ ■
- - - ■ - - - - ! either, can ever be ascertained, and that the Uni-;
ted States were profoundly ignorant of its exist-
ence. If any man in France, more than another, I
ted from the stipnlations of the treaties and of the Con-
sular Convention heretofore concluded between the United 1
States and France, and that the same shall not henceforth ;
be regarded as legally obligatory on the Government or cit-
izens of the United States."—Stat, at Large, I, p. 578.
The treaty-making power is vested not in Con- :
gress, but in the President, by and'with the advice
and consent of the Senate. A valid treaty can be
abrogated only by the power which is competent
to make one. A treaty already void needs no act ;
of Congress or of the President and Senate to I
abrogate it, while one not void cannot be abroga- !
ted except in the constitutional way. [
A treaty, moreover, is the act of two parties.
Neither can dissolve it without the concurrence of
the other. The act of Congress, then, left the ob- i
ligations of the ancient treaties, so far as France '
was concerned, and so far as the United States
politically were concerned, just as it found them.
Seventhly. As a last resort, the opponent^ of
these claims assert that the release of the ancient
treaties was valueless, because they had been abrogated
by war between the two nations. I waive the objec-
tion that these treaties were of such a nature that
they could not be abrogated by war, and I simply
deny that any such war occurred. If war did
take place, it must have begun in some way and
at some time, and have ended in some other way
and at some other time. It is quite certain that
would have known the existence of such a war,
that man was Napoleon Bonaparte. Yet we have
seen that the music of this " soft and silken war"
never reached the ear of the Great Captain of
France. For, in speaking of the spoliations, he
described them as having been committed "in
time of peace." It was not thus with the other
enemies of France, while he was at liberty within
her borders, nor has it been so that the country-
men of Washington, of Taylor, and of Scott, have
conducted their campaigns in other conflicts.
It appears from this review that the treaties in
question had been recognized always by both par-
ties, and broken in parts by both, but under cir-
cumstances of excuse and palliation; and that they
were therefore in force when the United States and
France mutually agreed to extinguish them, on
the condition of a release of the claims for indem-
nities. Of the value of that agreement it is unne-
cessary to say more, than that without it the Uni-
ted States might have been held by the ancient
treaty of alliance to have followed to some extent
the varying fortunes of France through her wars
during the Consulate and the Empire, until she
found repose^from complete exhaustion, on the
field of Waterloo.
No reason for rejecting these claims remains,
except that they have not been paid heretofore.
But mere lapse of time pays no debts and dis-
charges no obligations. There has been no re-
lease, no waiver, no neglect, no delay, by the
creditors. They have been here twenty-five times
in fifty years; that is to say, they have appeared
in their successive generations, before every Con-
gress since their claims against the United States
accrued. Against such claims and such creditors
there is no prescription.
It is said, indeed, that the nation is unable to
pay these claims now. I put a single question in
reply: When will the nation be more affluent than
now ?
The Senator [Mr. Hunter] says again, that if
the debts are just, we should pay the whole, and
not a moiety; if the claims are unjust, then the
bill proposes a gratuity—that in the one case the
appropriation is too small, and in the other too
great. This is the plea of him who, I think it
it was in Ephesus, despoiled the statue of Jupi-
ter of its golden robe, saying, gold was too warm
in Summer, and too cold in Winter, for the shoul-
ders of the god.
Sir, commerce is one of the great occupations of
this nation. It is the fountain of its revenues, as
it is the chief agent of its advancement in civili-
zation and enlargement of empire. It is exclu-
sively the care of the Federal authorities. It is for
the protection of commerce that they pass laws,
make treaties, build fortifications, ana maintain
navies upon sill the seas. But justice and good
faith are surer defences than treaties, fortifications,
or naval armaments. Justice and good faith con-
stitute true national honor, which feels a stain more
keenly than a wound. The nation that lives in
wealth and in the enjoyment of power, and yet
under unpaid obligations, lives in dishonor and. in
danger. The nation that would be truly great, or
even merely safe, must practice an austere and
self-denying morality.
The faith of canonized ancestors, whose fame
now belongs to mankind, is pledged to the pay-
ment of these debts. " Let the merchants send
hither well-authenticated evidence of their claims,
and proper measures shall be taken for their relief.
This was the promise of Washington. The evi-
dence is here. Let us redeem the sacred and ven-
erable engagement. We have inherited with it
ample and abundant resources, through his saga-
city and virtue, and to them we ourselves have
added the newlv-discovered wealth of Southern
plains, and the hidden treasures of the Western
coasts. With the opening of the half century, we
are entering upon new and profitable intercourse
with the ancient Oriental States and races, while
we are grappling more closely to us the new States
on our own continent. Let us signalize an epoch
so important in commerce and politics by justly
discharging ourselves forever from the yet remain-
ing obligations of the first and most sacred of our
national engagements. While we are growing
overall lands,let us be rigorously just to other na-
tions; just to the several States, and just to evei^f
class and to every citizen; in short, just in all our
administration, and just towards all mankind. So
shall prosperity crown all our enterprises—nor
shall any disturbance within nor danger from
abroad come nigh unto us, nor alarm us for the
safety of Fireside, or Fane, or Capitol.
THE BOUNTY LAND LAW.
SPEECH OF MR. HAYMOND,
OF VIRGINIA.
In the Hocse or Representatives,
Thursday, January 23, 1851.
The House having resolved itself into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
Mr. HAYMOND (who was entitled to the
floor) said: Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Robinson,] in his remarks of yes-
terday, spoke of the want of system in the Pen-
sion Office, and said that there is no system in
that office whatever, in the disposition of its pa-
pers or the regulation of the clerical force; and that
they are consequently very much deranged. He
also speaks of the incompetency of the Commis-
sioner of Pensions for the proper discharge of the
duties belonging to his office. He said that he did
