1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
98
31 st Cong 2d Sess.
Execution of the Bounty Land Law—Mr. Haymond.
Ho. or Rep.
not go to that officer to make his inquiries, but
that he went to the clerks to get his information—
that he did not have any conversation with the
Commissioner—that he asked him no questions—
that the Commissioner did not intrude upon the
committee by telling them what they ought to do, ;
or what they ought not to do. Taking all these '
things into consideration, he concludes, therefore,
that the Commissioner has no capacity for busi-
ness. This is the whole of his argument to prove
that the Commissioner of Pensions is unfit for the
duties of his office. I shall not attempt to reply
to an argument like this. I will, however, say
this—that if Mr. Heath intruded himself upon
this committee, under circumstances of this char-
acter, he would have lessened himself in my esti-
mation very much.
Mr. ROBINSON. I did not state that the com-
mittee had not called upon him. The committee
did call upon that officer, and got all the informa-
tion they could from his clerk.
Mr. HAYMOND. Did I understand the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Robinson] to say that
the committee had no conversatioh with the Com-
missioner of Pensions ?
Mr. ROBINSON. I did not say so. The com-
mittee had several conversations with him.
Mr. HAYMOND. The gentleman from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Robinson,] in speaking of the delay in
issuing these warrants, seems to attribute it to the
want of capacity in the Commissioner of Pensions.
A stranger coming here and who had heard the
Bpeech of the gentleman on yesterday, without
knowing anything of the facts, would have sup-
posed that Mr. Heath had been in the Pension
Office for the last three years, and that all the de- i
lay in that office was occasioned by his want of
capacity. Any One ignorant in regard to the |
matter, would have supposed from the gentleman's i
remarks, that the present Commissioner held his
appointment at the time the law was passed, and J
that if Mr. Edwards had been continued in office
the business would all have been properly conduct-
ed. But what are the facts in relation to this
matter? Mr. Heath, the present Commissioner,
entered upon the duties of his office since the
meeting of Congress. He had only been in his
office a few days when the committee made their
investigation. Mr. Edwards, the former Com-
missioner, in regard to whom another gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Gorman] passed such a high
eulogium, had charge of the Pension Bureau up
to within a few days of the time that the commit-
tee made their investigation. If the papers and
business of the Pension Office were in that miser-
able condition as represented by the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Robinson,] let me ask, who
ought to be held responsible for it? Certainly not
Mr. Heath, for he has been in office but a few
months. I have nothing to say against Mr. Ed-
wards. So far as I have had any business to trans-
act with him in his office, I have uniformly found |
him attentive and obliging, and he transacted it to 1
my entire satisfaction.
Sir, it will not be necessary for me to speak
much of Mr. Heath, or his qualifications. I do
not know what object the gentleman from Indiana j
[Mr. Robinson] could have had in making the re- |
marks he did about this officer, for it seems that he !
had but very little conversation with him, and con-
sequently could know but very little in regard to his
capacity. Let me say, however, in regard to that
gentleman, that in the State of Virginia it is un-
necessary to speak a word in reference to Mr.
Heath's capacity and qualifications. I have been
acquainted with him for thirty years, (during
which time he has been the First Auditor of Yir- ;
ginia,) and know something about his business
habits. His capacity to discharge the duties of the
responsible office which he held for so long a time, !
was never questioned in that State, by either po-
litical friends or opponents. He has also been a ;
distinguished member of the Board of Public
Works,and has discharged other important public
duties in that State, to the entire satisfaction of the i
people. They have yet to discover, that the man
in whom they placed so much confidence is not j
competent to discharge the duties of almost any i
office in the disposal of the Federal Government, j
Yet the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Robinson,] [
who had so brief an acquaintance with him, and j
who spent but little time and had but little conver- I
sation with him, comes to the conclusion, and pro-
claims it to the world, that he is incapable of dis-
charging properly the duties of the Pension Office.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Robinson] is
the first to discover his want of capacity, or to im-
peach it in any manner.
Mr. Chairman, whose fault is it, let me ask, if
papers and everything relating to the Pension Of-
fice are in the miserable condition represented by
the gentleman from Indiana? How is it that they
were found in such a deranged condition by the
committee at the time of their investigations?
Mr. Heath had been in office but a few days at
the time of their examination, and he had had no
time to arrange the papers of his department. If
they were in disorder they must have become so
under the administration of Mr. Edwards, the
late Commissioner of Pensions, who left the of-
fice but a week or so before this investigation.
I have made some inquiries in relation to the
manner of conducting the business in the Pension
Office within the last few days, and since this
matter has been discussed in this House; and the
result of that investigation is, from all the informa-
tion which I have been able to obtain, that the
clerks are all actively engaged. More than one
thousand declarations are received in that office
daily, and distributed to the various clerks who
have to make an examination of them. I
understand that applications of Mexican soldiers
for bounty lands to which they are entitled, ap-
plications for invalid pensions, and other applica-
tions, come in in great numbers daily. The let-
ters are thrown together, and the clerks are en-
gaged daily in assorting and sending to the Third
Auditor's office such papers as are required to go
[ there to be examined and compared with the
! muster rolls. Yet some of the gentlemen here
seem to think that there is nothing for the clerks
to do, and that there is no necessity for an addi-
tional force of clerks. They seem to think that
only one clerk can be employed at a time in ex-
amining these papers.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Robinson]
appears to be impressed with a belief, that until
his report was made to this House, there was no
desire on the part of the Commissioner of Pen-
sions to carry into effect, in good faith, the provis-
ions of the bounty land law. He seems to think
that his report has stimulated them to some extent,
for he says they have commen ced issuing warrants;
that they have gone really to work; that the plates
arrived from Philadelphia immediately upon the
publication of his report; and that to him, there-
fore, belongs the credit of warrants being issued
I at all. The gentleman also intimates that the Sec-
i retary of the Interior, and the Executive, are hos-
| tile to the enforcement of this law. This error on
his part arises doubtless from what took place a
short time after the adjournment of Congress. It
\ was said then that some defect in the bounty land
law had been discovered. The next day a tele-
graphic dispatch was sent to Baltimore, stating
that the Executive was going to suspend the exe-
cution of the law until the next meeting of Con-
gress. I was here for two or three days after the
adjournment of Congress. I made inquiry, and
found that there was no truth in the report that
the Executive was intending to disregard a law of
Congress, and to postpone its execution. This
idea, that the Secretary of the Interior has made
this delay for the purpose of retarding the execu-
tion of the law, is a gross fabrication of the letter-
writers.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Robinson]
complains about the stringency of the rules and
regulations adopted by the Secretary of the Inte-
rior. Why, sir, if he will examine closely into
this matter, he will find that they are not as strin-
gent as those which have been adopted heretofore
by the former Secretary. I understand that they
were prepared by the former Commissioner of
Pensions, and that they have been modified by the
Secretary of the Interior, particularly in relation
to evidence of a widow to prove that she was the
wife of the deceased Soldier.
Mr. ROBINSON. Mr. Edwards testified be-
fore the committee that no part of these regulations
and rules had been prepared by him—that they had
been made without his knowledge. Let me here
remark, while upon the floor, that so far as the
Commissioner was concerned, I hare passed no
eulogium upon him. On the contrary, I thought
that Mr. Edwards ought to have been removed.
My objection to Mr. Heath is on account of his
age.
Mr. HAYMOND. I would like to know of
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Robinson] how
old a man must be before he is unfit for office ?
Mr. ROBINSON. I think that Mr. Heath has
obtained the age of about sixty.
Mr. HAYMOND. That is about my.age.
[Laughter.]
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Robinson]
seems to suppose that the Secretary of the Inte-
rior desired to prevent the carrying into effect this
bounty land law, because he had not, without the
authority of law or precedent, thrown wide open
the doors, that all might come in for a share of
this bounty, without regard to the character of
the evidence adduced in support of their applica-
tions. This gentleman, and others upon this floor,
complain because the Secretary has made those
rules and regulations, which have been adopted
heretofore upon the same subject, and which have
been acted upon by the officers of this Govern-
ment. Sir, the Secretary acted right. If the
rules of evidence that have been observed in all
time past by the Departments are to be changed,
let it be done by the legislative power, and not by
the dictum of an executive officer.
I think this officer acted right in refusing to
assume the power to change these laws and regu-
lations, by which the Department has been here*
tofore guided. It seems to me that when he re-
fers that matter to Congress—the law making
power of the country—he acts wisely, much more
so than if he were to assume the power himselfi
Let me here say the Secretary of the Interior will
not oppose the execution of the law. I am au-
thorized to say that he will, on the contrary,
carry out cheerfully the intentions of this bill, if
Congress passes it. You will find, on comparing
the provisions of the third section with the rules
and regulations of the Secretary of the Interior;
that they differ but very little, except in the pro1-
vision concerning marriages. I do not know why
gentlemen seek to impress the idea upon the coun-
try that the Secretary is opposed to the executioil '
of this law. I know, sir, that the Secretary has
used a great deal of vigilance, and been extremely
desirous of carrying out its provisions, doing all
in his power to effect a speedy and just execution
of the law. I venture to say that you will find
that officer willing at all times to carry into effect _
the laws of Congress so far as it devolves upon ' *
him to do so.
It seems that any officer at the head of a Bu-
reau, in any of the Departments, if he happens to
be from Virginia, cannot transact his business
without censure in this body. I have been sorry
to see the prejudice manifested here against the
State which I have the honor m part to represent.
I do not know what the Virginia delegation has
been doing that gentlemen should attempt to cre-
ate such prejudice here against the State of Vir-
ginia, and her sons who are in the employment of
the Government. I am satisfied that those gen-
tlemen who are in the Departments from Virginia
will compare favorably with the gentlemen in the
Departments from the other States. Why is this
clamor about Virginia and Virginians in office?
It may be because gentlemen have desired the
places occupied by them for their own favorites
and pets from other States. I will, however, not
be so uncharitable as to so charge them. The
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall,] in
his remarks the other day, seemed to take pleas-
ure in censuring the Third Auditor in regard to
the claims for horses said to be lost in the
Mexican war. He says he never heard of the
claims of his constituents for horses lost in that
war being decided. The same officer was assailed
by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Haralson,]
who had the management of thirty-nine claims of
the same character. He made the statement, as did
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall,]
that he had never heard of these claims being de-
cided. I recollect of hearing a like declaration from
the same gentleman during the last session of Con-
gress; and knowing Mr. Gallaher well, and be-
ing well acquainted with his business habits, I
went up to his office to make inquiry about the
matter, and was informed, if I recollect rightly,
