9$
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 23,
31st Cong 2d Sess. Reorganization of the State Department—Mr. Parker, &fc.
Ho. of Reps.
tails. The consequence is, that he is deprived of
adequate opportunities for study and examination,
and is sometimes required to f ct hastily and with-
out due consideration on matters of grave import.
It was the remark of one of our most diligent and
efficient secretaries, that he had not found time,
during a period of more than a year, for a careful
and regular perusal of the leading foreign journals,
much less for that of those other publications with
which his duties required that he should be ac-
quainted. I refer to Mr. Buchanan. It also hap-
pens, occasionally, that one or more of the small
number of clerks retained ill the Department are
detained from business in consequence of the in-
ability of the Secretary, from the press of public
engagements, to give the necessary preliminary
instructions. And not unfrequently, from the same
cause, he is forced to choose between the conflict-
ing claims of urgent business affecting either great
national interests, or the rights of individuals—
deferring the transaction of one or the other for an
indefinite time, at the risk of the casualties of delay.
The design, in part, of the present bill is to ob-
viate these evils, and for this purpose it provides,
first, for the appointment of an Asssistant Secre-
tary in the State Department, by the head of that
Department; next, for the appointment of four
principal clerks, and one other clerk; thewhole to
be subject to such disposal for the dispatch of
business as the Secretary of State may prescribe.
To the Assistant Secretary it is supposed the Sec-
retary will assign the transaction of all business,
under the general supervision of the latter, except
that which is of a purely diplomatic character.
Three of the clerks it is supposed will be assigned
to the business of the diplomatic branch of the
Department; and the remaining two to the consu-
lar branch.
The appointees to these places should be men
possessing high qualifications of intellect, informa-
tion, and trustworthiness. The Assistant Secre-
tary, particularly, should be a man in all respects
competent to represent the dignity, and to conduct
the business of the Department in the absence of
the Secretary at Cabinet meetings, or in conse-
quence of sickness, or when engaged in diplomatic
or other official conferences. The clerks, too,
should be men capable of preparing a dispatch on
qpy subject arising in the ordinary course of busi-
ness, referable to the principles already settled by
the action of the Government, and of examining '
the facts and principles involved in the private
claims of citizens of the United States on foreign !
Governments; so that no such claim should be ,
hereafter presented in the name of our Government,
except after a careful scrutiny showing it to be !
well founded. This precaution is due alike to ]
justice and to the character of our Government for \
fair dealing.
In view of these qualifications and requirements,
it is proposed to pay the Assistant Secretary a
salary of $3,000 a year; to the four principal clerks !
a salary each of $2,000; and to the remaining clerk |
a salary of $1,400. Should the bill in these pro-
visions be enacted into the force of law, I doubt
not that a much and long-needed and most valua-
ble improvement will be secured both in the organ-
ization and the efficiency of the Department.
But, sir, there is another provision in the bill
which deserves to be noticed. I refer to the
last section, which forfeits the salary of any min-
ister of the United States when voluntarily ab-
sent from his legation, and which in such case au-
thorizes the Secretary of State to pay over so much
of the same to any agent who shall perform the
duties of the legation in the mean time, under the
instruction of the Secretary of State, as shall make
his compensation equal to that paid a Charge
de'Affaires. The policy of this provision is obvi-
ous, and is fully sanctioned by the somewhat sim-
ilar rtgulations enforced by other countries. Our
ministers abroad are selected on account of their
talents, experience, and high public character; and
are often necessarily invested with a large discre-
tion, which should be exercised by themselves,
and not left by them to be exercised or neglected
by inferior agents, tv whom, perhaps, the appoint-
ing power of the Government would have been
unwilliug to delegate such a trust. The Govern-
ment pays for, and is entitled to, all the advanta-
ges capable of bein^ derived from their constant
vigilance, superior judgment of passing events,
and from their more imposing and influential so-
cial and official rank.
Even if it be true that our national interests
abroad have not hitherto suffered from this cause,
yet it is none the less true that the public Treas-
ury has. Almost as often as the absence of one
of our ministers from his post has left his duties
to be performed by some other agent, almost so
often an application has been made by the agent
for additional compensation; and very often the
application has been granted by Congress. In-
deed, there are now numerous applications, chiefly
made by Secretaries of Legations, for such com-
pensation. In this way a larger sum was appro-
priated in 1848, and probably will be hereafter,
from year to year, than all the salaries created by
the bill proposed would amount to annually. The
measure, therefore, is one of retrenchment and re-
form, as well as one necessary to the efficiency and
usefulness of the Department of State; and, as
such, 1 hope will meet with the approbation of
this House.
Mr. HILLIARD, ^interrupting Mr. McC. in
the course of his remarks,) said: Will the gen-
tleman allow me to ask him a question ? I did not
clearly understand his statement in reference to the
relative clerical force employed in the State De-
partment in 1789, and at the present time. Will
he repeat it?
Mr. McCLERNAND. I will inform the gen-
tleman with plersure. In 1789, there were five
clerks employed; and now there are but ten in the
consular and diplomatic branches of Government.
Mr. HILLIARD. I should like also to inquire
1 when the gentleman will be likely to introduce the
i bill of the committee?
! Mr. McCLERNAND. So soon as the Com-
I mittee on Foreign Affairs shall be called upon for
, reports.
Mr. HILLIARD. I only wish to add that I
entirely concur in the objects of the proposed bill,
and I hope that it will be favorably received.
[  
Mr. PARKER. A good deal has been said by
gentlemen in the course of this debate, in refer-
ence to the incapacity of the Third Auditor of the j
Treasury. I do not rise here to defend that offi- 1
cer. The defence would come more properly from -
gentleman on the other side; but he is my neigh- 1
bor. His particular friends are acquaintances of '
mine, and I feel that I should not be acting a true
part towards him, and towards those mutual
friends of both of us, if I did not here express
' my own opinion u^eference to the manner in
which he has condtRed himself in that office. I
have had a great deal of communication with him,
, as indeed I- have had with the other Bureaus and
Departments of this Government, and I can say
1 that there is no officer connected with the Ex-
. ecutive Departments from whom I have invaria-
bly received more prompt and regular attention
than from Mr. Gallaher, the Third Auditor of
1 the Treasury. To every communication which I
make to him I get an early and satisfactory re-
1 sponse. He is a working man, and has throughout
I his life been a man of great industry.
i As for their complaint relative to particular cases
; which gentlemen have alluded to; 1 know nothing
! of them, and therefore I can say nothing, for I
> have had no correspondence with Mr. Gallaher
upon this subject. But from what I know of his
whole past history I believe that gentlemen must
I be laboring under some degree of misapprehension
! regarding this matter. There may be an lmAense
accumulation of business in that Department, so
that these particular claims cannot be taken up
precisely at the time when it may be convenient
for gentlemen to ask that they shall be taken up.
About these matters I do not mean to say any-
thing, and I think it unnecessary that I should,
because, as I understand it, no gentleman on this
floor, in referring to the conduct of this officer, has
attached blame particularly to him. They attach
it rather to those who are acting under him, and
in whom they think he places too much confi-
dence. That may be so. But, sir, being the im-
mediate Representative of Mr. Gallaher, and his
friend upon this floor, I wish merely to say, that
throughout his life he has borne the character of
being a man of great industry, and it is that char-
acter which has led to his promotion and advance-
ment heretofore.
Mr. SEDDON said: What has fallen from my
colleague may perhaps justify me m the estima-
tion of members of this House, in making some al-
lusion to the censures that have been cast upon the
present Commissioner of Pensions. Sir, he comes
from my own State, hence I know him well per-
sonally. He has many friends there, constituents
of mine, whom I highly esteem, and who I know
very well would receive with sensibility any stric-
ture made in this House in regard to his conduct.
It gives me much satisfaction, although I differ
from that gentleman in political partialities and
opinions, to bear witness to the reputation which
he enjoys, both in the community and in the State
to which he belongs, not merely for integrity and
honor, but for capacity and ability and high ad-
ministrative talent.
For a long time he occupied the position of First
Auditor of the State of Virginia, and had the
charge of serious and important affairs. This, I
believe, is one of the most important and arduous
offices in the State, and at the time that it came
into his hands it was in a condition of compara-
tive disorder and confusion. It was brought, how-
ever, by the capacity, and ability, and system of
this gentleman, into a state of great efficiency and
punctuality, that could not be excelled by any de-
partment in the government of that or any other
State of the Union.
He has throughout the State of Virginia the
reputation, not merely of being an accomplished
gentleman, and a man of CTeat integrity, but he
has also the reputation of being an able and effi-
cient officer, possessed of high administrative tal-
ent. It was, I believe, in consequence of this rep-
utation that he was called for here, and that he
was installed by the Secretary of the Interior in the
office, the duties of which he was so suddenly
called upon to perform.
. Thus suddenly thrown into new duties, that he
should feel some embarrassment—that he should
not immediately respond to thefunctionsheis called
! upon to exercise, for which he had no previous
preparation, is very natural. I douty but little
that there is not a single gentleman on this floor,
who, if he were thus unexpectedly called upon to
perform equally arduous and novel duties, would
feel quite ready to assume the functions of his of-
fice.
Sir, I think that every reasonable man will ad-
mit, that under such peculiar circumstances indul-
gence ought to be extended to this It
must be borne in mind that he was ple^^in this
1 office suddenly, unexpectedly, immediately before
last session of Congress, and that since he has
thus entered on the performance of his novel and
; arduous, almost unprecedented labors, there have
' been forwarded to this office, almost daily, thou-
sands of applications.
J It was not in human nature—it was not in the
' capacity of any man, howeverable and skillful, to
, discharge such an amount of onerous and novel
; duties without some delay. I appeal to the sense
i of justice in every reasonable man, not to con-
demn an officer under such circumstances, who ia
anxiously and zealously discharging his duties.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. There are still five
> minutes remaining before the time fixed for the
' closing of this debate; and I desire in that time to
' say a few words, and more particularly to answer
! a few of my many correspondents. [Laughter.]
i I have had inquiries addressed to me for the last
six months, in relation to certain railroad bills in
the State of Alabama. Now I wish to inform my
correspondents, so as, to save myself the trouble
of writing so many letters, that I have had those
I bills ready to report for something like seven
! months. I have been anxious to do it, and upon
the very first opportnnity I intend to do so. I
want to state further to the House, that I desire
some day (if I should not feel it an intrusion upon
| the House, as I frequently do when I attempt to
speak) to make a few remarks to enable this
] House to understand the condition of the country
, and of the public lands through which these roads
; are to pass. And I intend to give them some in-
formation in the shape of facts and figures, in
relation to the condition of the public land system,
! from the commencement of the Government up to
j this time. I expect to be able to satisfy this
j House, that'whilst Alabama asks for several rail-
j roads through her State, that they will do no more
