1851.]
APPENt)lX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
101
31st Cong 2d Sess.
The Tariff Question—Mr. Hampton.
Ho. of Reps.
poses of making iron. The reduction of duties,
under the compromise act of 1833, having reached
its lowest point in 1842, and the passage of a new
lariffin that year, together, produce the curious re-
sult of twenty new works built, and twenty fail-
ures.
The number of new works then increases stead-
ily, and the number of failures decreases, until, in
1846, they stand fifty-three new, works built, to
four failu res. But m that year the tariff of 1842 was
repealed, and the presentad valorem duty laid on the
price of foreign iron, which was then excessively
inflated, by the railway fever in England, and in
the next year (1847) the number of new works,
and the number of failures, are again nearly even,
(25 to 24) as in 1842, but with this important dif-
ference, that in 1842, distress was decreasing,
while the difficulties of 1847 were only the begin-
ning of more serious troubles. This is shown by
the regularly-diminishing number of new works,
and the constantly-increasing number of failures,
until in 1849 only ten new works were erected,
while the failures amounted to the fearful number
offorty-one.
The coal interest of Pennsylvania, Mr. Chair-
man, especially of the western part of the State, is
also suffering severely under the operation of the
present tariff. Under the tariff of 1842, millions of
bushels of bituminous coal were mined on the
western slope of the Aileghanies, by which all the
towns and cities bordering on the Ohio and Mis-
sissippi to New Orleans were supplied with this
article. Vast quantities were sold at the latter
place for shipping purposes; and iB return, our
market was supplied with their sugar, cotton, mo-
lasses, &c. By this exchange of the products of
labor, the industry, enterprise, and capital of both
were mutually stimulated and benefited. Now,
under the reduced duties of the tariff of 1846, our
principal market, New Orleans, is taken from us
entirely, and given to the foreign importor, who
brings in a full supply of that article as ballast—
thus saving the freight entirely.
I regret, Mr. Chairman, that I have not within
my reach sufficient data from which to form a
correct estimate of this great interest, which em-
bracts within its range thousands of our citizens,
as well those who are immediately engaged in
mining and transportation, as the owners of the
coal lands, the farmer, mechanic, and manufactu-
rer, who uupply them with the necessaries of life,
and the means of carrying on their business.
The allegation has often been made that a tariff
is only calculated to benefit the manufacturer, and
that the farmers of the country have no interest
whatever in it. Let us examine this question for
a few moments.
The farmer is interested, as ajl others are, in
buying as cheaply and selling as dearly as he can.
If he could find a ready market, at as good prices,
and cash payments, for all his agricultural pro- !
ducts, independently of the manufacturing estab-
lishments of the country as they afford, there might
be something in the assertion. In other words, if
the farmer had nothing to sell,-but always paid
cash for all his purchases, it would be best for him
to buy in the cheapest cash market. But if he has
no market for his wheat, corn, oats, hay, tobacco,
hemp, horses, cattle, hogs, &c., where is the
money to come from to enable him to buy in this
" cheap market?" Under such circumstances, it
matters but little whether the market be cheap
or dear. General Jackson once said, if you will
take six hundred thousand men, women, and chil-
dren, from agriculture, and put them into manu-
factures, you will create a better home market for
the farmer than is furnished by all the world be-
side. Sound philosophy, as well as experience
and observation, all teach us that the highest de-
gree of prosperity and happiness will be found
wherever labor is so equally divided and mingled
together, that the producer and consumer mutually
furnish and supply a market for each other, with
the least expense of transportation. The ready
exchange of the products of labor and capital com-
bined, is the great desideratum, tending to the rapid
development of the resources of the country and
its greatest degree of prosperity. But time will
not permit me to dwell on this interesting topic.
Let us, Mr. Chairman, for a moment, survey the
effect of a single furnace on the markets of the
neighborhood where it is located.
The average number of men employed at a
charcoal furnace making 1,000 tons of pig iron a
year, is not less than* seventy: making a popu-
lation immediately dependent of not less than 350.
The amount of grain used will not vary much
from 2,500 bushels of wheat, 3,000 bushels of
corn, 3,000 bushels of oats, 1,000 bushels of rye,
eighty tons of hay, and 3,000 bundles of straw;
while the amount of merchandise sold will be near
$8,000. And besides all this, the farmer finds a
ready market for a vast amount of bacon, veal,,
potatoes, butter, &c., a part of which will not bear
transportation to a foreign market. From the sin-
gleinstance of one furnace, employingonly seventy
hands, furnishing such an extensive market to the
farmer, some idea may be formed of the extent of
the demand created by all the iron works in the
country, and the incalculable benefits arising to the
farmer from the manufacture of this article at
home. And what must be thought of that policy,
which would destroy this home market, and ex-
pose tjie farmer to all the changes and fluctuations [
of foreign trade ? After all that can be done to in-;
crease the demand at home, we shall always have
a surplus of agricultural products sufficient to i
supply the foreign demand.
But, sir, suppose we extend our sphere of inqui-
ry beyond the limits of Pennsylvania, and see how I
the prostration of the iron works throughout the
United States would affect the farming interests
of the country.
It is estimated that not less than forty millions
of dollars are paid out annually to the public,
through the operation of all the iron works in the
United States, when the business is prosperous.
With what truth, then, can it be said, that protec-
tion is a tax upon the many, for the benefit of the
few? It is true that iron, at the present time, is
f«rnished at low prices by Great Britain; but let
the home manufacture be destroyed, and it will
immediately be dear again. It cannot be doubted
that if all the iron works in the United States
should be closed for only one year , and we should
depend upon England for our entire supplies, the
price of British iron would be greatly enhanced,
and the country at the end of the year would be
well-nigh bankrupt, by the drain of the immense
amount of specie necessary to pay for it.
But the advocates of free trade contend that we
would pay for it by the exportation of our bread-
stuffs. Let us see whether this be so or not.
Political economists allow for each individual in
this country, a consumption«£ the products of the
land, to the value of fift^^lollars per annum.
The number of people supported by the iron busi- i
ness of the United States has been estimated at 1
about six hundred thousaA who, at fifty dollars
each, consume annually about thirty millions of
dollars worth of breadstuffs. If they cannot find
employment in manufacturing, they must become
producers, and thus is a home market to this im- j
mense amount lost to the American farmer.
The total exports of breadstuffs from this coun-
try to all the world for the year ending December
24th, 1849, amount to only $22,895,783, of which
Great Britain and Ireland took $14,157,666 worth .
—not equal in value to the iron we imported from '
that country that year. Thus is the prediction
of General Jackson more than verified, because |
the iron business alone furnishes a better and I
larger market to the farmer at home, and at better '
prices,than alltheworld besides. And furthermore, ;
that Great Britain, which offers to make all our ;
iron, and, indeed, everything else, takes less than
one half of the farmers products consumed by the 1
iron manufacture at his side.
Instead, then, Mr. Chairman, of discouraging the
progress of the home manufacture of iron, as the
advocates of free trade do, for the avowed benefit
of the farmers, no policy haying this tendency
could be more injurious to their interests. On the
contrary, that policy would be the best for the pro-
ducers of this country-^the farmers and laborers—
which would tend to double the present home
manufacture of iron, in accomplishing which they
would at once create six hundred thousand new
customers, entirely dependent upon them for thirty
millions of dollars' worth more of breadstuffs, which
is more than the boasted market of the world takes
from them.
Every complete iron works, capable of produing
ten thousand tons of bar iron per annum, supports
about six thousand persons, and makes a market
for the farmers in its neighborhood, to the extent
of three hundred thousand dollars per annum. Sup-
pose one thousand farmers to participate equally
in the advantages of this market, supplying grain,
beef, pork, mutton, vegetables, &c., this will give
to each ready sales to the extent of three hundred
dollars, one half of which would be for perishable
produce that would not bear transportation.
If we resolve our importations of iron and
manufactures of iron and steel into their original
elements of cost, we shall find that in this shape
we have been large importers of British bread-
stuffs, coal, iron ore, limestone, labor, &c. Let us
examine into this matter a little, because it is a
question which deeply concerns the farmers, me-
chanics, and laborers of this country, whether,
their money is to go to buy British breadstuffs and
pay British labor, while they themselves are with-
out a market and without employment.
The imports of iron into the United States for
the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1849, were as fol-
low:
Tons. Value.
Bar iron 173,473 $6,060,068
Hammered iron  10,595   525,770
Hoops and Sheets  11,174   543,256
195,242 $7,129,094
Pig iron 105,632  1,405,613
Steel   6,G90  1,227,138
Manufactures of iron,
steel, &c  11,824   5,297,116
Total No. tons 319,375 Total value.. .$15,058,961
( Coal in the manufacture of this iron in Great Britain.
I Of 1^^42 tons of bar iron hammered &c., at 5 tons per
[j. ton 976,225 ton«.
[■ Of 105,632 tons pig iron, at2>£ tonsper ton...264,080 "
: Of 6,690 tons steel at 8 tons per ton  53,520 "
Of 11,824 tons manufactured at 10 tons per ton 118,824 "
Total coal imported in form of iron 1,412,649 "
Iron ore used in Great Britain.
For bars, hammered iron, hoops, and sheets, at
3^ tons 650,817 tons.
For pig iron, at2^ tons 281,686 "
For steel at 5% tons  38,468 "
For manufactures of iron, steel, &.C., at 7 tons 82,768
Total ore imported in the fonn of iron... .1,053,739 "
Limestone used there also.
For bars, hammered iron, boops, and sheets, at
lji tons 260,327 tons.
For pig iron, at 1 ton 105,632 "
For steel, at 3% tons  14,216 "
For manufactures of, &c., at2% tons  31,531 "
Total lime stone imported in form of iron.. 411,706 "
BRITISH LABOR EMPLOYED.
About nine tenths of the value of iron, we have
said, consists in the labor bestowed upon it—nine-
tenths, then, of fifteen millions fifty-eight thousand
nine hundred and sixty-one dollars, the value of
British iron imported during the fiscal year ending
30th of June, 1849, were taken out of the pockets
of the farmers, mechanics, and laboring men of
this country, to pay for British labor, bestowed
on the manufacture of iron brought here, and sold
in our own market, while our own laborers are
turned out of employment.
During the last fiscal year, I learn from the offi-
cial report, that our imports of iron and manufac-
tures of iron and steel, have amounted to over
eighteen millions and a half qf dollars—nine tenths
of which enormous sum have gone to pay the
pauper labor of Europe, instead of being paid out
to our laborers at home.
The farmer who sends his wheat to a foreign
market, is dependent upon, and affected by all
the fluctuations of price, according to the sup-
ply and demand, ana is obliged to sell for what-
ever it will bring, in competition with all the world.
What he sells at home is at his own price, and is
sold or retained according to his own discretion.
Well-cultivated lands dependent on a foreign mar-
ket, are worth from $5 to $20 per acre; while those
having the full benefit of a home market are worth
from $50 to $150. If the production of iron in
Pennsylvania were kept in full activity for ten
years, it would greatly enhance the value of her
own lands, and contribute largely to the value of
other lands and property beyond her limits.
If it be impolitic for the farmer to send abroad
his grain to be exchanged for iron, it is equally so
for the planter to send his raw cotton to England
