104
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 13,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Cession of the Public Lands—Mr. Felch.
Senate.
no more from the people by taxation, direct or
indirect, than is necessary for that purpose.
If, then, this is to be relinquishes, we ure com-
pelled to seek some other source from which the
Treasury is to be replenished. What other source
is there from which the amount can be derived ? If
we look through the reports of the Secretary of
the Treasury from early times to the present year,
we find standing side by side the proceeds from
customs and those from the public lands. These
two items, always present and inseparable, exhibit
the true sources, and the only sources of income to
the Treasury of the United States. Other items
may occasionally appear in the statement, but they
are small in amount and incidental in their char-
acter. These two—the customs and the public
lands—are the only fountains pouring their peren-
nial streams into the public coffers.. If the latter
be cut off, we hare no resource left but to force an
increase of supply from the former. To accomplish
this, an increase of the tariff of duties would be
unavoidable. This proposition would open before
Congress and the country one of those great sub-
jects which have heretofore violently agitated the
community. Sir, the amount which is derived
But ittwould be a narrow view of this subject to
regard this as the only effect of the principle in-
grafted upon this bill which it is now proposed to
adopt.
It must not be supposed that the public domain,
now or heretofore possessed by the Government
of the United States, has cost nothing. It is not
a possession obtained by gratuitous grant, which
may be given away without return and without
expense. It has been obtained at a price by the
Government which holds the title as an owner by
purchase, and not by gift or by the naked right of
sovereignty, and which' cannot divest itself of it
under the operation of this bill without a sacrifice
of the amount expended upon it.
In order to show how expensive to the United
States the grant of the public domain without
consideration or price would be, I wish to refer
the Senate to some statistics upon this subject.
In the twelve land States there nre still remain- j
ing unsold 283,715,713 acres. This quantity, at ;
the average rate per acre for purchase and survey 1
of the land by the Government, cost the Treasury
the sum of #16,756.349 50. By reference to the
recent report of the Commissioner of the General
from the customs is obtained by taxation of the :> Land Office, this amount has all been paid from the
people themselves; and it is an assessment which
we in the far West feel as sensibly as those who
live on ti.e seaboard. We are consumers of the
articles imported and subject to duties, which du-
ties we pay with the price of the article. We use
Treasury, excepting for the survey of 116,615,123
acres, the cost of the survey of which, being
$2,413,943 80, is yet to be paid before the land
could be distributed in gratuitous grants to settlers.
There must, therefore, be expended about two
the articles manufactured in other portions of our j i millions and a half more, in order to bring the '
own country , the prices of which are sustained by ,. land into a position to be occupied by those who
imposts on similar articles manufactured abroad, i would be entitled to the benefit of this new system
However distant their localities, and however va- ' of distributions.
There are also portions of this domain to which
the Indian title is not yet extinguished, -which
none but the General Government can purchase. 1
The importance of this item will be seen when it
is stated that, in such extinguishments heretofore
riant their pursuits may be, the citizens ^fehe
whole country are subject to this effect; WKF to
draw money from this source is to draw it from the
pockets of the people themselves.
The amount now paid by the purchasers of the
public land will, under the proposed system, no made, about thirty-five and a half millions of dol-
Ionger be paid by them; the burden of its payment , lars have been paid.
will be transferred to another class of citizens. It " " "
will no longer be received as an equivalent for
property transferred to the payer;-it will become
simply a tax on the consumers of dutiable articles.
It will not he the question who will buy land,
but the inquiry will be, who consumes the articles
subject to duties. While the public lands will be
granted without cost to those who demand it, those
By reference to the recent report of the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, it will be !
seen that the average expense per acre to the Gov-
ernment of the public domain, including original j
purchase, extinguishment of Indian title, cost of
survey, and of selling and managing the same, is j
about twenty-two cents an acre. At this estimate,
the cost of a final disposition of the portion still
who consume the foreign articles will be compelled j I unsold in the limits of the organized States, if '
to supply the deficit to the Treasury. This will , carried out into grants to individuals by the Gen-
be the necessary effect of the system proposed to ! eral Government, would be $62,417,460 82. In- I
be adopted. Under the present arrangement the ;l terest on the advancegfcdded would swell the sum I
settler who pays his hundred dollars foraa eighty- I1 to nearly $90,000,000^ <
acre lot of land receives by perfect title, property <: But, as this bill proposes a grant of all the land to
which is a full equivalent for his money, and which the States in which theylie, and the subsequent dis-
he may dispose of, not only at cost, but usually j position of them by S«|authorities, a portion of
at an enhanced price. j this amount would be avoided by theUnited States.
In property of this kind, the purchaser may also J Taking, then, the sum first above mentioned asthe
cost to the Government   .$46,756,349 50
And add interest on the advances,
not less than  26,605,449 87
add improvements to the capital invested, thereby
securing a rich reward for his labor in its annual
production, at the same time greatly increasing its
value. For a small consideration in the original
purchase, the settler eoon becomes the occupant
and owner of a valuable, cultivated farm. If he j
desires to make a change in his condition, the sale
■of his property not only brings him a return of the
itai invested in the purchase, but a full com-
capiti
peusation for his toil in changing if from its wilder
ness state to the productiveness and beauty of the
well-cultivated homestead.
The man who pays money into the Treasury,
collected through the imposition of duties, receives
nothing in return; while he who purchases land is
richly compensated for his investment. The one
is the imposition of a tax demanded by the exi-
gencies of the Government, and enforced by the
power of legal enactments; the other is the volun-
tary payment by a purchaser for property which
he desires to possess, and to which the Govern-
ment gives him a title.
Upon which of the two classes thus situated
should the burden of supplying to the Treasury
the amount in question fall? Should the future
grantees of the public domain be released from all
payments of purchare-money, and the amount be
assessed upon others to make it good ? Should the
citizens of the whole country, receiving no benefit
in return, be called upon to pay two and a half
millions of money annually, to enable the Govern-
ment gratuitously to distribute the public domain ?
we have an aggregate cost to the
Treasury of.  73,361,799 37
which, at the least, would be the cost of the pro-
posed grants.
But these remarks and estimates apply only to
that portion of the public domain situated within
the twelve land States. These States embrace com-
paratively a very small portion of the domain now
held by Government. By the recent acquisition
of territory, we have extended our boundaries far
to the south of their former position, and on the -
west to the waters of the Pacific. The principles j
of this bill, if adopted, must, as soon as States I
are organized beyond the limits of the present j
States, apply also to the entire territory held by the
Government, and in the mean time the expenses of
survey, management of the lands, and extinguish-
ment of Indian title must not be abandoned by
the Government. Applying the same estimate
of cost and expense, as in the other case, to the
land without the limits of the States, we find that
Oregon has an estimated surface of 218,536,320
acres. The cost of title, survey, and management
would amount to $47,640,917 76. The North-
^5®' Terr'tory (exclusive of Iowa, the portion
of Minnesota west of the Mississippi river, and
Indian exchange lands) contains 424,053,760 acres,
amounting to $92,443,719 68. Upper California
and New Mexieo (west of the Rio Grande) have
an estimated surface of 336,689,920 acres, amount-
ing to $73,398,402 56, making a total of979,280,000
acres, at a cost of title, survey, and management,
of $213,483,040. This exhibits, so far as I have
been able to ascertain from jniblic documents, the
condition of things, if the principle of free grants
be adopted and carried by the Government into
effect throughout these wide domains. Add trt this
the sum above stated, for the expense of the unsold
lands within the limits of the organized States, and
you have the aggregate expense to the Govern-
ment of $286,844,83$ 37. Of this amount, some
$200,000,000 is yet to be expended from the Treas-
ury. Estimates of this land can, of course, be
but an approximation, and are not presented as
entirely accurate data. It will occur also to every
one that the actual expenditures by the Govern-
ment must depend ill some degree on the time, in
reference to the surveys and disposition of the land,
when the title shall pass into the States. These
exhibits are, however, sufficient to show the mag-
nitude of the subject as connected with the system
which is here proposed. It presents the great ques-
tion whether we are prepared, not only to yield
that which has already been expended for the pur-
chase of land held by the Government, but to pro-
ceed with the accumulation of expense till it reaches
the sum thus indicated, in order to carry out the
principle of gratuitous distribution. It will be ob-
served that this bill does not propose to release the
General Government from the management and
care of the public domain until after the organiza-
tion of- States, and the cession thereof to their
authorities. Indeed I npprehend that no person
desires that theUnited States should relinquish the
survey and care of the public domain. Nothing
is more important than that the surveys should be
made in the most accurate manner, and that the
simplicity of titles , easily traced to the Government
as a grantor, which eminently characterizes our
system, should be preserved.
j It sometimes is supposed that there is in this
I Government, somehow or other, a title to the pub-
! lie lands by virtue of eminent or public domain, or
of its right merely as a Government. No suppo-
sition could be more erroneous than this. There
is no portion of the public lands, so far as I know,
belonging to the United States which has not been
obtained by purchase. The titles to western lands
obtained from the original States were received on
certain condition;:, to be performed as a consider-
ation by the General Government, and which the
latter is now carrying out according to their true
spirit.
Since the cession of these lands, territory has
been acquired by treaty from France, from Spain,
and from Mexico, all of which yield not merely
jurisdiction, but convey specifically the title to the
soil itself.
The treaty with France of 1803 cedes " all pub-
lic lots and squares, vacant lands and public build-
ings," which are not private property, for fifteen
millions of dollars.
The cession by Spain of 1819 conveys, for five
millions of dollars, " in full property and sover-
eignty, all the territories," &c., specifying "all
public lots and squares, vacant lands, &c., not
private property.
The cession by Mexico of 1848 cedes the broad
territory of California and New Mexico in nearly
the same terms, in consideration of fifteen millions
of dollars.
It might be well also to take another view of this
subject, in reference to the expense of the gratui-
tous cession of the public domain. Let us see by
another estimate what it would cost the Govern-
mentto bestow tracts of onehundredand sixty acres
of land to every settler. The average cost to the
Government per acre, as before stated, is twenty-
two cents: making for each grant of one hundred
and sixty acres $32 20, unremunerated expense to
the grantor; and, as it is proposed t;odistribute the
entire public domain in this manner, let us carry
our estimate a little further, and ascertain how .
much it would require to proceed with settlements
at this rate.
It would cost to give away the unsold portion of
Wisconsin 26,327,679 acres $5,792,089
 27,153,265 "   5,973,718
Michigan 24,864,963 "   5,470,029
Missouri 29,216,173 <<   6,427,558
