106
"APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 13,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Cession of the Public Lands—Mr. Felch.
Senate.
I
would be required, instead of 48,000,000, as esti-
mated by the Secretary of the Treasury. The
error in die estimate referred to has been made by j
basing the calculation on the supposition that all j
were to receive one hundred and sixty acres of land
each; while, in truth, as I have shown, only a small
proportion of them are entitled to that quantity.
The Secretary estimates the number of men enti-
tled to land under the act at 300,000. If we take
the average amount, which I have shown to be
correct, of fifty-five acres to each man, the whole
amount will be only 16,500,000 acres. Whatever
estimate we may make, based on the facts and doc-
uments in the case, I apprehend it will be found
that not more than eight or ten millions of acres
can be required under the act.
Making deductions from the official estimate
above mentioned corresponding with these views,
the result is materially changed. In the single
item of bounties under the law of September last,
more than one halfof the whole quantity of acres
et to be located, as estimated in the report, is to
e deducted. Instead of supplying the entire de-
mand for sixteen years to come, and thus cutting
off all income in cash far sales, we have no reason
to believe the cash receipts will fall below those of
some former years. There has always been a
strong competition for supplying the market in land
by those holding under Government grants. The
table above referred to shows that, within the last
three years, over eleven millions of acres have been
located under such grants, exhausting most of the
old donation rights; yet the sales for cash, although jj
diminished, have not been inconsiderable. It is h
probable that there will be yet a further diminution ij
of the amount of cash receipts; but, if legislation j!
remains in its present state, I do not believe the | i
amount will be very materially decreased. This '
makes a very great difference, with regard to the ,
amount required, from that as estimated by the ,
Secretary of the Treasury. j
I would not be understood to doubt that large
quantities of land thrown into the market under '
grants for bounties, or other purposes, will affect
the sales by the Government. This I know to be
its legitimate effect. Grants of this character may
be so excessive as to prevent nearly all sales by
the public authorities. I do not doubt this ten-
dency of such grants; but the question presented
is, whether the grants now outstanding and unlo- ,
cated are so excessive as to produce this conse- '
quence. The substance of the argument urged '
upon us is, that the lands are already legislated j
away, and no further proceeds from the sales can .
come into the Treasury; that the subject is now ;
beyond the control of Congress, and plans for a :
gratuitous distribution of the public domain may
be adopted without detriment. I do not apprehend, !
sir, that this is our true condition. The subject is |
yet within the control of Government, and we are 1
yet free, by wise legislation, to exercise a discrim- j
mating judgment, and to carry out a judicious sys- :
tem in our administration of this great subject. !
There is nothing in the present state of things to
require us to abandon a well-tried system, and to i
rush into new and hazardous experiment. It
should rather caution us to return to ancient pru- i
dence. Legislation, it is true, has been most lib- j
eral to the States in which the public lands are
located, and to the soldiers who have fought the 1
battles of the country; it has been liberal in fos- j
tering the extension of knowledge and the settle- i
ment of the territory, ftnd in carrying out the
just designs of all government. I rejoice at this
liberality; neither do I believe it has yet gone be-
yond those bounds within which we are ena-
bled to act according to the best dictates of our
judgment. We are yet free to adopt the plan rec-
ommended by the Senator from Wisconsin, or to
pursue the even tenor of our way under the pres-
ent system, which was adopted at an early day,
and upon which the wisdom of long experience
has been ingrafted.
But the consequences of granting the public
domain without compensation would not be felt
alone by the Treasury of the United States. It
would nave an influence abroad in the country,
and would materially affect the value of the prop-
erty of individuals who are now landholders by
purchase made under the Government. It would
render valueless, to a considerable extent, if not
altogether, the uncultivated lands in the new parts
of the country. It will be seen, if we cast our
eyes over the new States, that the settlements are
widely scattered through their extensive territo-
ries. Immigration does not advance in one solid
column. It does not proceed into the forest in un-
broken phalanx, occupying and improving every
acre of land to which it arrives. Precisely the re-
verse is the case. The motives which induce i
immigration are various. While the object of one t
induces him to buy land adjoining a settlement,
and enjoy the society of neighbors and friends,
another seeks solitude in the wilderness, where
the smoke of another man's cabin cannot be seen
Whatever may be the cause, the fact is undeniable
that the settlements are scattered all overthe coun-
try. One settler selects his land here, and another
there; while in the intermediate spaces, the lands
belonging to the Government remain for years un-
sold. It has been a subject of serious lamentation
to some gentlemen that the surveys are made in
advance of the settlements, and new lands are of-
fered for sale before those in market are exhausted.
Now, let us look for a moment at the effect
which must necessarily follow if we adopt the
system proposed in this bill. The man who holds
one hundred and sixty acres lying in the midst of ,
the Government land would find the domain around
him offered as a gift to all who would receive it .
for settlement. The almost boundless region thus ;
offered would put an end to all value of lands. The ,
settler who might be disposed to change his place
or his business (and none changes oftener than the '
settler on the frontier) would find his farm value- i
less and a sale impracticable. And, indeed, why
should any one purchase land, of an individual at
two, or three, or ten, or twenty dollars an acre,
when lying by its side, with the same advantages
of location, and with the same richness of soil, he
can receive land offered by the Government with-
, out payment ?
To show that I am right in this view of the
| matter, and to exhibit its extent, let us look at
some of the new States. In Illinois there are some
14,000,000 of acres not settled, or nearly one half
of the whole area. In Indiana about 3,000,000 of
acres, or one seventh of the whole territory, is in
the same condition. These are among the most
densely settled of the new States, and their popu-
lation is extended over the whole surface; yet the
intermediate unsold land bears the proportion to
that owned by the settlers above indicated. In .
Missouri three fourths of the whole area yet re- j
mains in the Government. In Wisconsin there ,
are some 27,000,000 acres, or nearly six sevenths
of the entire surface, vet to be settled. A small I
portion, compared with the whole, is occupied by |
settlers; and yet the last-named State is one to S
which population has been flocking for some years |
past, in greater numbers, perhaps, than to any
other State in this Union. This reference estab-
lishes the truth of my assertion, that the people
are scattered far and wide over the territory, and
the property owned bv individuals is in the midst
of that owned by the United States.
So intimately is the value of the homestead of
. the settler involved with the sales of the public
domain, that they are inseparable; and it would
be to forget our duties to the landowners of the
West—one of the greatest interests of this great
Republic—to overlook this consideration in our
j legislation. Before bestowing gratuities on a fa-
, vored class, we should see to it that the rights of
\ others are not put in jeopardy.
Warrants for bounty land issued to the soldiers
: for their service in the Mexican war—a portion of
the stipulated compensation—to the amount of
j some six millions of acres, are yet unlocated. Of
' what value will be these grants under the system
j proposed? Since the organization of the Govern-
i ment, grants have been made to the several States,
to the amount of some twenty millions of acres,
1 for purposes of education, internal communica-
i tion, and other objects of public utility, some of
which are still unlocated, and much of the land
not yet settled. These must follow the condition
of the public lands; and if the latter are the sub-
ject of gratuitous grant, the former will lose their
value.
Of the above-mentioned grants to the States,
some ten millions of acres were bestowed for the
purpose of common schools. This noble dedica-
tion consists of a single section, located in the
centre of each township, and, thus distributed
through the whole public domain, every portion
of it is surrounded by public land. If the prem-
ises bordering upon and surrounding it on every
side are to be had without price, who will pay his
money for this ?
I apprehend, Mr. President, that the newStates
would look with great distrust upon any kind of
legislation which should tend to destroy or impair
the value of the property devoted to this object.
If such a thing could be done as to destroy the
value of the lands belonging to the public schools,
and by a single dash of the pen to abolish the
fund depending upon them, where would be our
hopes connected with the spread of knowledge for
the future? Where our boast that no Government
on earth has performed for education as much as
ours? Where our repeated assertion that while
the Government is founded upon the intelligence
of the people, and can be sustained only by that,
we have performed our whole duty in laying a
broad foundation for the intelligence of future gen-
erations?
The reservations of public domain for this pur-
pose have been made in the unbroken forest, and
long in advance of the arrival of the settler. Their
benefits were designed for the future, and were in-
tended to cease only with civilized society. They
are regarded as an earnest of good, and a fund too
sacred for (Jesecration. Let no legislation of ours
impair this inheritance. Let us carefully scan
every proposition which may have that effect,
and yield to nothing which will produce such a
result.
The various propositions .which have been pre-
sented here, contemplating a change in the present
land system, and the little discussion which has
been had upon them, disclose two principal ob-
jects sought to be secured by those who urge this
i change.
The first object is to give homes to those who
do not own lands, or, in the words of the petition-
ers, "to give homes to the landless," and to fa-
cilitate the settlement of the country by inducing
them to become agriculturists. The second is to
preclude the purchase of lands in large quantities
by speculators. These embrace the two most im-
portant objects to be accomplished by the proposed
change. I wish, therefore, to say a few words in
regard to these two points. ,
! It is supposed that by a grant of land in the man-
! ner which is here proposed to the landless, in
tracts of one hundred and sixty acres each, large
numbers of people residing out of the new States
J may be induced to change their residence, to be-
come settlers in the West and cultivators of the
soiL 1 think the views entertained by gentlemen
; on this point should receive some modification.
Great changes in the industrial pursuits of a com-
munity can never be effected either suddenly or by
slight causes. The merchants, the mechanics, the
I laboring men of the cities, the sailors upon the
ocean, as classes of individuals, seek success in
i the employments to which they are accustomed;
and no inducements such as are here offered will
, persuade them to change their location and their
avocations, and to attempt the cultivation of the
. soil in a distant region. A large portion of the
community who are not land-owners are so from
choice, and not from necessity. Their interest is
best subserved by investingJheir means in busi-
| ness where it will fee more prSitable to them, and,
guided by this interest, from choice they are land-
less.
Now, let us suppose that, instead of offering one
hundred and sixty acres as an inducement to settle
j upon and cultivate the public lands, we were to
change the nature of the proposition, and tender an
, equivalent in money. This proposition would give
#200 in cash to every individual who would emi-
! grate to the new States, on condition that he should
; buy land, for which he would pay the same amount,
I and become a settler. The inducement thus offered
i would be so little enticing, I apprehend, that very
; few would be found to yield to its influence. The
' great masses of the people would deem it of too
1 little moment to induce them to incur the expense
, and hazard of a change to a business and a climate
I to which they were unaccustomed. Occasionally
' an individual might accept the offer and fulfill the
I terms. But in its national aspect this is not a
| question of influence on a few individuals; it is a
