1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Cession of the Public Lands—Mr. Fetch.
Senate.
proposition to induce by the offer an important
change in the industrial pursuits of our citizens—
to induce masses of men to remove from one por-
tion of the country to another, and to devote them-
selves to agricultural labor. For this purpose
there can be little doubt that the offer would he
found almost entirely ineffectual. "
But again, sir, those who know any thing otilke
settlement of a new country, are well aware how
delusive is the idea that every person is fitted for
success in cultivating a farm in the wilderness.
Here, as elsewhere, he secures success who has
the means, mental, physical, and moral, to com-
mand it. Economy, industry, and energy must
be his constant attendants. He must become in-
ured to toil, and secure the strength of muscle and
the vigor of constitution which his labor requires.
For the want of these, it not unfrequently happens
that individuals, settled on their newly-purchased
land, find themselves unequal to the task which
they have undertaken. Rich as is the reward of
success, and great as are the inducements for set-
tling the productive lands belonging to the Gov-
ernment, these qualifications are indispensable to
those who undertake the task. They who have
watched the current of emigration must have re-
marked that the successful settlers of a new coun-
try are generally sons of the hardy farmers of the
East. The State of New York has sent more
men to the West who have successfully contended
with the difficulties incident to the settlement of a
new country than almost any State of the Union.
The New England States have also furnished set-
tlers in great numbers, who are distributed through-
out the new States. They were principally young
men, inured to toil at home, whose character was
made up of energy, skill, and economy, and whose
indomitable perseverance would not yield in any
pursuit until it had secured success. I do assure
gentlemen who suppose the settlement of a new
country such an easy matter, and think so many
qualified to succeed in building up new States, that
they have not carefully watched the progress of
emigration to the western country.
I apprehend that few individuals, if any, are de-
terred from emigrating to the West on account of
the present price of the public lands. The high
price of wages in this country will soon furnish the
requisite sum to him who has an arm and a will
for toil. The present price of land is one of the
least difficulties in the way of settling the public
domain. If we were to reduce the price of land
or bestow it gratuitously in one State, and charge
the price now fixed by law for it in every other,
I know very well the tide of emigration would be
turned to that particular point. If this should be
done with the lands in my own State, I havejio
doubt that emigration would rapidly flowin and set-
tle the public domain; but it would be chiefly with-
drawn from the emigration which was seeking set-
tlements somewhere. This inducement would direct
its course, but it would not create the tide. The
stream may easily, and by slight means, be divert-
ed to the right hand or the left, but you cannot
easily elevate the fountain to increase its volume
of water.
In the case of the sale of the public domain the
general law of purchase applies, and the demand
will always regulate the quantity which will be
sold. There are many causes other than the price
which operate to increase or diminish the num-
ber of settlers. The loss of a ship at sea, having
on board emigrants from a foreign country to this,
carries terror to their friends at home, and sup-
presses the desire of seeking a home among us.
The burning of a steamer on the lakes, or an ex-
plosion on the river, always operates as a check
to immigration. Oppression in the governments
of Europe, wars, famine, and heavy taxation, al-
•' ways increase immigration to this country. A
thousand causes operating throughout the world,
with little apparent connection with the subject,
exert their influences upon the immigration, upon
which the demand for land greatly depends.
The general uniformity of this demand of land
for settlement is exhibited by the annual returns
of the Department. When large quantities are in
market, under grants to the States, or for boun-
ties or other purposes, the annual sales by Gov-
ernment are diminished; when these are absorbed,
it returns to its original amount. The demand
gradually increases year by year; but, with the
data at our command, die uniformity of the de- |
mand for actual settlement is apparent. !
The causes which produce this uniform and irre- '
pressible tide of settlers on the public domain are ;
numerous and complicated, among which the price
of the land is but as the dust in the balance.
Whether diminished, abolished, or retained at its
present sum, its effect will scarcely be perceptible
in the grand result.
Government has heretofore made a partial ex-
periment of the system of granting portions of
the public domain, hoping thereby to facilitate its
settlement. It would be an interesting labor, if
the facts could be ascertained, to determine how
far the settlement of the country was promoted
thereby.
To the soldiers in the war of 1812 bounty lands
were granted under terms which required the title
to be taken in the name of the soldier himself,
and valuable lands were assigned to them. It was
the design of the Government not merely to be-
stow a reward for services, but to carry out the ob-
ject of this bill by giving him a home in the new
portion of the country. It is not now possible to
ascertain how many of them settled on their lands, i
It is a part of the history of the country, how- i
ever, that the lands assigned for this purpose I
were tardy in their settlements; that the soldier, 1
in many instances, refused to migrate and settle '
bpon them, and sold his right for a trifle; that
many of the titles were lost by sales for unpaid •
taxes, and few of the grantees ever became occu- \
pants of them. I
In the Mexican war, bounty land sufficient for '
a farm of 160 acres was granted to each soldier.
In this case, as in the other, it was the design of the
Government to afford those who fought in Mex- j
ico an opportunity of becoming settlers without '
cost on the public domain, as well as to bestow a I
reward for their patriotic services. The right in '
this case was made assignable before the issue of !
the patent. Now, I have taken the pains to as- ;
certain, as far as is in my power, how many of
these soldiers actually settled on the land. In
March last 12,642 patents had been issued for
lands granted as a bounty to the soldiers ofthe
Mexican war. Of these, 11,478 were issued to
assignees, and only 1,164 to the soldiers them-
selves; or 184,080 acres of land to the soldiers
themselves, and l,643,480acres to assignees. And
even of this small quantity , entered in the name of
the soldiers, a part only will ever be occupied by
them, while the large entries by assignees are in
the hands of others; and even this exhibition of
the quantities entered by the soldiers and by the
assignees does not show the just proportions of
each, when all the warrants shall be located. The
soldier who designed to settle on his land made
his selection at an early day, while the warrants
which were sold passed into the hands of specula-
tors, and have become a subject of traffic as Gov-
ernment scrip, and will be tardy in coming to the
office for land. It has been estimated that at least
one half of all the lands which will ever be entered
by the soldiers themselves under these warrants
were presented as early as the date of the above
statement. If this be so, out of the whole quan-
tity of land granted forthese bounties—13,877,400
acres—only 368,160 acres will be entered by the
soldiers, and these entries would be made by
2,328 individuals out of about-90,000 who were
entitled to bounty land.
The experience of the British Government in
disposing of their public lands in Canada is also
instructive on this subject. Among the parlia-
mentary documents is a report made by Lord
Durham, in 1839, in which he gives a history of
the disposition of the public domain in the British
provinces, and exhibits some very striking in-
stances of ineffectual efforts to promote immigra-
tion and settlement by giving away the land. In
Upper Canada, of some four hundred and fifty
thousand acres granted to the soldiers of 1775, and
of the last war with the United States, under con-
dition of settlement, scarcely an acre was settled
by the soldier. In 1833 land in Upper Canada
was given to "discharged soldiers," who also re-
ceived from the Government a gratuity in money—
one half paid in England and the other half on
arrival in America—to aid them in making a set-
tlement. The money received by them was ex-
pended, while very few established themselves as
settlers on the land. These are instances where a
more favorable opportunity was presented than is
presented by this bill.
Numerous gratuitous grants in the fertile por-
tions of that province were made on condition of
settlement; but the inducement was found to be
ineffectual, and the plan a failure. In some cases
provisions and implements of husbandry were
furnished to the poor. In 1832, in Bathurst dis-
trict, a settlement under these auspices was com-
menced, and many settlers were induced to come
in. In advances made to them the Government
spent <€30,000; out the effort ultimately failed,
and the settlement was abandoned.
The second object which this proposed change
is designed to'accomplish is the prevention of
speculation, by non-residents, in the public lands.
In 1835, "36, and '37 an evil of this kind was
sorely felt by the country. Large quantities of
the public lands were purchased by capitalists on
speculation and for resale. These remained un-
settled for ihany years, and were subsequently
brought into market to compete with the sales of
Government lands. Where the purchaser was
particularly fortunate in his selection, and found
an early sale while prices were high, he made
money on his investment; but in most instances,
where the property remained in the hands of the
purchaser, the advance of price was less than the
interest on the investment. It has therefore proved
a disastrous speculation to those who did not at
once make sale of the domain which they had pur-
chased. Indeed, it is doubtful whether at this day
the land thus purchased on speculation, and re-
tained by the purchasers to the present time, would
bring in the aggregate the amount originally paid
for it, together with a return of taxes, interest,
agencies, and other expenses.
Recent legislation extends the provision of law
in favor of the actual settler, to the exclusion of
the speculator. The act of Congress passed in
1841 made material changes in the disposition of
the public domain,so far as theinterests and rights
of these two classes of purchasers were concerned.
This act abolished to a very great extent—I may
say almost fully abrogated—every inducement to
the kind of speculation which is here deprecated.
This act authorizes any citizen to go on the public
domain whenever it is surveyed, and to make his
settlement upon it. As the surveys progress in a
district of country, and from the time they are
made up to the time when the land is offered under
I proclamation at public sale, he has the exclusive
I right to preemption. The whole region is thrown
open to the actual settler, and within It he may
make his own choice of a homestead. If there 18
valuable water power on it, he has the privilege of
! securing it. If there is a valuable location for a
village or a city, the pioneer settler can select it.
If there are gold, or silver, or copper mines, or
anything giving peculiar value to a location, it is
in the power of the settler to secure it. - From all
these privileges in the mean time the non-resident
speculator is excluded. To him it is forbidden
territory, in which he can make no purchase and
secure no right. And even after the offer of land
at the public sales, the law still extends its dis-
criminating benefits to the settler. He may occu-
py a portion of land selected by himself, and, with
the exclusive right of possession, may complete
his purchase at any time within a year.
These simple provisions of the law of 1841 have
done more to check the spirit of speculation and
to encourage settlements than anything else. The
fact that land is subject to taxation as soon as en-
tered has made it onerous to hold it in its unpro-
ductive condition. The individual who buys un-
cultivated land, not intending to occupy it, must
be fortunate, indeed, if, after the payment of taxes,
and all expenses of agency and of managing his
property, he shall find in the increase of its value
more than a fair compensation for his services and
the use of his capital.
Mr. President, I now ask the consideration of
the Senate upon a subject which I think is of vital
importance to the interest of the country, in ref-
erence to the tenure of lands to be ceded by the
General Government. It will be observed that
this bill not only provides for the giving away of
the public domain, but for doing it in a manner
somewhat peculiar; requiring, in the first instance,
the donation to be made to the State governments
