108
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jari. 13,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Cession of the Public Lands—Mr. Felch.
Senate.
under certain conditions. The performance of j
these conditions is to be secured by legislative j
action of the State before the title is to vest in the
State authorities. These conditions pertain not
merely to the gift, or the land itself, but to subjects
connected with the internal regulation of the affairs
of the State.
The novel and important character of these con-
ditions requires that they should be carefully ex- ;
amined. The bill proposes to grant the lands
under a tenure entirely new and unknown to us.
Hitherto the grants by the United States l ave
been of the most perfect and absolute character—
unembarrassed by any conditions. A more per-
fect tenure than is secured by them, I may safely
assert, is unknown to the law of any other Gov-
ernment. It gives absolute and full control over
the property in the hands of the grantees and all
those who may hold under them. The purchase
of the public domain, limited to no class in com-
munity, is the privilege of all. Every one may,
by such purchase, make himself a freeholder, with
all the rights and privileges of this perfect tenure,
and may convey on the same unconditional terms
to any other person. Under the proposition con-
tained in the bill, land is not to be sold indiscrimi- |
nately to all, but only to those who become actual
occupants—that occupancy to be proved in the
first instance to liave continued one year prior to
the right to obtain a title. It is limited in the sale i
to quantities not exceeding one hundred and sixty ,
acres to each individual; and by one of the sec- |
tions of the bill it is exempt forever from execu- \
tion, levy, and forced sale. Again, there is a
limitation upon the transfer of tide from one indi-
vidual to another, declaring that they only shall |
have the right to purchase who are (as denomina- I
ted in the petitions) " landless," or who are not
possessed of one hundred and sixty acres of land.
These are the principal conditions annexed to this
grant, and required to be assented to and estab-
lished by the action of the several Legislatares, :
which the bill declares shall be a compact between I
the Government of the United States and the State '1
governments. It provides, however, that, upon j!
the enactment of such a law, the title to the land j1
shall vest absolutely in the State, and copies of the |;
title papers shall be delivered over, and thereupon j
"all acts of Congress inconsistent with or repug- i
nant to this act shall stand and be repealed; and [
alPright, title, and interest of the United States to
and in the said lands shall cease, and the same
shall vest in such State."
It must be observed by every one, uj>on a casual
view of this matter, that these provisions which I |
have narrated, brief as they are, involve some of j
the most important considerations in reference to •
the tenure of the lands of this country. They i
present a question as to the power of the General >
' Government to limit the free action of the States ■
by annexing such conditions to the tenure and
transfer of land within their limits, and to control
future legislation by present legislative stipulations.
We have a stipulation in all the new States, I be-
lieve, that they shall not interfere with the primary
disposal of the public lands by the United States,
and this is also the spirit of the Constitution.
When the lands are once disposed of by the Gen-
eral Government if they afterwards revert or es- ,
cheat upon the failure of heirs, or from any other [
cause, they revert to the State, and not to the Gov- '
ernment of the United States. There is no power
or authority in the General Government, which
enables it to reclaim the lands situated in any of
the States, after they have once been conveyed;
the independent jurisdiction of the State over the
subject forbids it. At an early day in the colonial
history of Massachusetts, the question was pre-
sented whether, upon failure of heirs, the land
should revert to the British Government across
the waters, or should become the property of the
colony; and the principle was recognized and con- ,
cuered in, that the Home Government, as it was ■
denominated, could not take the land, but that it
vested in and became the property of the local ;
government. The effect of the provision in this
bill, that the lands shall be exemptfrom execution, : '
levy, or forced sale, is one which involves the |i
question of the right upon the part of the General i
Government to interfere with the legislative action !:
of the States upon this subject. I know that the l[
noes not purport to interfere directly and posi- ,
' tively with the action of the State Legislatures; |
it would be too absurd for any man to contend
that the General Government had the power, by j
enactment, to determine what should or should j
not be taken upon execution, levy, or forced sale, i
or what should be the law of distribution or the
law of tenure in a State. This bill does not pur-
port to do that directly, and in so many words;
out it annexes as a condition to the grant that
there shall be legislation of a specified character in
reference to this subject, which shall be irrepeal-
able. It seems to me that a principle of this kind
is totally inconsistent with the relations existing
between the two governments. What is the
power of the United States over the disposition of |
the public domain lying within the States? It is
the power, as I understand it, to make the primary
disposition of that public land by conveyance.
After that it can never again come back, except
by purchase, into the hands of the United States.
If we may go as far as is proposed in this bill—to
determine what lands shall or shall not be taken
by execution or by levy, and to prohibit a sale
under an order of a court of chancery directing it
—why may we not go further? Why not under-
take, through the means of such conditions, to
control and mould the general legislation of the
State? Courts of special jurisdiction have some-
times been established with exclusive power to
decide cases arising among the occupants of cer-
tain lands; these special jurisdictions savor of the
favoritism of monarchy. May we require the es-
tablishment of such courts by these conditions ?
May our legislative action thus form and control
the judiciary of a State ?
The power of the State is supreme and perfect
over the private domain required for public pur- \
poses, under the general principles of law recog-
nized throughout the country. The occasion upon
which it may be taken, and the manner of ascer-
taining its value and making compensation for it,
are determined by State authorities. Ought the |
General Government to interpose in. the manner |
here suggested, and declare what the legislation !
on tlie subject shall be? If in these instances it |
may be done, there is no subject within the power [
of State legislation that we may not seek tnus to i
control. j
There is no subject upon which legislation by j
the States is usually, and of right should be, more i
unshackled than upon the enforcing of contracts, t
the collection of debts, and the transfer of proper- :
ty, both personal and real. True policy may ren-
der it expedient to expose real estate to forced sale
at one time and not at another. It may be expe-
dient to subject it to legal process in cases of fraud
or trespass, and not for breach of contract. The
requirements of public interest in reference to the
whole subject, should be left for the decision of the
State authorities. But this bill abolishes all dis-
cretion upon the subject, by withdrawing the
property from such legislative action forever.
In some respects, this indirect method of con-
trolling legislative action in the States, is more ob-
jectionable than direct legislation on the subject
oy Congress. Required by the condition to the
grant, the legislation of the State is to become ir-
repealable. It is the beauty of a popular govern-
ment that the laws are made to conform to the
present condition of things, and may be modified
when expedient. Under this system, however,
whatever change long experience might suggest or
public interest require,it should not be effected if in
derogation oi this condition. The legislature, cur- '
tailed in its power of action, would be pointed to '
these old conditions for the limit of their author-
ity. By their terms, too, they would seem to defy
control even by the provisions of a State consti-
tution, establishing certain rights and powers
within the limits of the State which may not af-
terwards be changed without the consent of Con-
gress.
I will not here discuss the effect of a collision of
interests growing sut of these conditions. My
object is accomplished when I show that it is a i
kind of legislation complicated in its character and
0"s ti0 t'le '"dependent action of the States.
While our hands are clear of it, let us avoid such
restrictive interference with their action. Let us -
not complicate the relations between us, nor lay a
foundation for difficulties to be settled hereafter. |!
If we adopt the ljew system which is here pro-
t posed, we shall then have in the new States two
kinds of tenure—one of them free and uncondi-
tional, under the grants already made, and the
other of the limited and conditional character de-
fin atl in this bill.
This difference in the manner in which prop-
ert)U(Will be held must naturally lead to much
contusion. I have here a statement of the quantity
of lands in the several States, to which each of the
two tenures would apply.
Thus, in Florida, 3,3«3,730 acres would be
subject to this anomalous tenure, while a little
over four millions would be held by unconditional
titles. In Iowa, twenty-eight millions would be
subject to the conditions, and a little over four
millions would be exempt from them. In Michi-
gan, they would attach to the title of twenty-live
millions, while eleven millions would be held un-
der present titles. In Wisconsin, twenty-seven
millions would be subject to the conditions, while
seven millions would be held by unconditional
grant. These examples are sufficient to show
how the two kinds of tenure would extend through
the States, and be applied to lands intermingled
and lying side by side.
These conditions also limit the conveyance and
descent of real estate. As only persons with
specified qualifications can take or hold land, rules
and regulations must be adopted, and officers ap-
pointed, in order to determine who have the
requisite qualifications. Constant failures in the
conditions, and consequent reversion of the title to
the land granted, must occur. This state of things
must involve both the General and State Govern-
ments in unavoidable and complicated questions
of right under the conditions.
I have looked over this bill for the purpose of
determining in my own mind as to the precise
condition of the title, and of the effect of a failure
in the performance of the condition by which the
titles of the individual settler should be forfeited.
If the land should fall into the possession of per-
sons not qualified under the law to hold it, will it
revert to the State, or become again the property
of the United States? If by the transfer of the
title to the State, under this bill, the General Gov-
ernment is divested absolutely of title, and can
rely only on the contract of the State to see to the
performance of the conditions, then it must revert
to the State on the well-settled principle before
adverted to. If the United States, on the con-
trary, make only a grant for a particular purpose,
and the accomplishment of that purpose is a con-
dition of the tenure, upon breach of that condition
the property would seem to return to the original
grantor. The last clause of the bill, however,
would seem to indicate that the reversion would
be to the State, and not to the United States. If
that is «o, let us look at the consequences. The
State, being the owner by indefeasible title, would
have the power to repeal the law passed in ac-
cordance with the condition, and make any other
disposition of the property, leaving to the United
States the undefined remedy for a breach of con-
tract entered into by a State.
The repeal of the legislative act, carrying into
effect the design of the grant in the disposition of
the land, would at once defeat the whole object of
the Government. The benefit designed for the
landless settler, the equalization of property, and
the free gift to the poor contemplated by the friends
of this measure, would at once be defeated. The
State would become the owner of ther poperty,
holding the absolute and indefeasible title, depriv-
ing the United States of the property, without
yielding in return the benefit contemplated by the
condition. In such a state of things there would
necessarily arise a controversy, fruitful of difficul-
ties, contention, and troubles.
tt ®ut s*?ppose t' should be determined that the -
U mted States had parted only with a conditional
title—with the right to follow its transmission
and to reclaim the premises whenever they came
into hands not authorized to retain them, for a
failure of the condition: it would then be necessary
for the United States to take general superintend-
ence of the possession and transfer of property
throughout the wide public domain. The interest •
at stake would be a most important one, and re-
quire no slight attention. Whenever land was
transferred by a State to an individual, the Gov-
ernment would need to ascertain, through its offi-
