118
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 16,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Claims for French Spoliations—Mr. Smith.
Senate.
which the supreme power of the State is ever bound
to make for the allegiance of its citizens. But in
this case there was not only this general obligation,
but a very special one resulting from the faith of
the Government expressly pledged, as will appear
from the following extract from the circular of Mr.
Jefferson, addressed to the merchants of the United
States, dated August 27, 1793:
" Complaint having been made to the Government of the
United States of some instances of unjustifiable vexation
and spoliation committed on our merchant vessels by the
privateers of the p owers at war, and it being possible that
other instances may have happened of which no information
has been given to the Government, I have it in charge from
the President to assure the merchants of the United States
concerned in foreign commerce or navigation, that due atten-
tion will be paid to any injuries they may suffer on the high
*eas or in foreign countries contrary to the law of nations
or to existing treaties; and that, on their forwarding hither
well-authenticated evidence of the same, proper proceed-
ings will be adopted for their relief."—Doc. 102, p. 216.
The obligations, both general and special, thus
imposed, were greatly enhanced by the vast in-
terests at stake. There exists nowhere in our i
public archives an authentic statement of the num-
ber of vessels seized by the French, nor of the
amount of the losses sustained by our citizens.
To the report submitted by Mr. Holmes to the
Senate (2d session 19th Congress) there is ap-
pended a letter from Mr. Clay, then Secretary of
State, transmitting-a list of four hundred and forty-
four vessels captured between 1793 and 1800, of
which he observes that it is believed to be "essen-
tially deficient as to the number of existing claims
for the period which it comprehends." No doubt
it is so. I have seen a list of such vessels pre-
pared by a gentleman residing in this city, inti-
mately acquainted with the whole Bubject, speci-
fying in most cases the names of the vessel, mas-
ter, and claimants, and the port to which she be-
longed, according to which the whole number was
two thousand two hundred and thirty-two vessels!
from which deductions should be made asfollows:
(1,) vessels paid for under special arretes, (soon
after the aggressions commenced,) of which there
were 14; (2,) vessels for which payment was
made under the convention of 1803, usually called
the Louisiana convention, viz: embargo cases 103,
captures 14, and contract vessels 293; and (3,)
vessels accounted for by Spain under the Florida
treaty, 173; and this will leave a balance of 1,735
vessels and their cargoes wholly unprovided for.
The fourteen cases of captures compensated by the I
Louisiana convention were those of vessels not !
definitively condemned at the date of the convention j
of the 30th September, 1800, which France bound i
herself to restore; but the 1,735 vessels just speci-
fied belonged to the fourth class already adverted
to; or, in other words, they were vessels which
had been definitively condemned at the date of the
convention of the 30th September, and they re-
mained uncompensated to this day. It is believed
that the aggregate of property lost by the condem-
nation of these vessels and their cargoes could
have amounted to little less than $10,000,000; and
how far this immense sum will be augmented by
the unknown cases, which will only appear on the
organization of a commission, is uncertain. We
may rest assured, however, that the amount pro-
posed by the bill will fall far short of making full t
compensation to the claimants. i
It is a remarkable fact that our Government has 1
not made the slightest effort to obtain indemnity
at the hands of France for this class of cases since i
the convention of the 30th of September. And 1!
here I would observe that this dereliction on the !
part of the United States is not to be attributed to '
any want of a proper sense of the atrocities com-
mitted by France, as will appear from the extracts !
already submitted from the reports of the Secretary
of State of the 21st June, 1797, and 18th of Janu-
ary, 1799, and from the instructions to Messrs.
Ellsworth, Davie, and Murray, of the 22d of Oc-
tober, 1799—nor to any indisposition felt by the j
American authorities to prosecute the just claims ]
of our citizens, for injuries received at the hands
of foreign Governments, to a full and complete in- !
demnity. No Government on earth has been more '
resolute and vigilant than ours has been in assert-
ing the rights of our citizens in this regard. Since '
the date of the convention of the 30th of Septem- <
er, 1800, the United States have negotiated no !
ess than sixteen treaties and conventions with I
reign powers, having this object in view—the 1
last being with the Government of Portugal—and
have obtained indemnities to the amount of many
millions of dollars. We have entered since that
date into two conventions of that character with
France—the first, the convention of the 30th of
April, 1803; and the second, of the 4th of July,
1831; the former being usually called the Louisiana,
and the latter Mr. Rives's Convention. By the
first we obtained indemnities to the amount of
20,000,000 of francs, and by the second to the
amount of 25,000,000; and both failed to make
any provision for class No. 4. Nay, the conven-
tion of the 30th of April, 1803, stipulates in ex-
press terms that no part of the indemnity therein
provided should be applied in satisfaction of the
fourth class, or captures which had been prose-
cuted to final condemnation at the date of the con-
vention of the 30th of September, 1800. Here I
invite attention to the following articles of the con-
vention of 1803:
Art. 1. " The debts due by France to citizens of the
United States, contracted before the 8th of Vindemiere, 9th I
year of the French Republic, (30th September, 1800,) shall !
be paid according to the following regulations, with inter-
est at six per cent., to commence from the period when the i
amounts and vouchers were presented to the French Gov- I
ernment"
Art. 2. "The debts provided for by the preceding ar-
ticle are those whose result is comprised in the conjectural !
note annexed to the present convention, and which, with i
the interest, cannot exceed the sum of twenty millions of
francs. The claims comprised in the said note which fall t
within the exceptions of the following articles shall not be
admitted to the benefit of this provision." !
Art. 3. "The principal and interest of the said debts
shall be discharged by the United States, by orders drawn
by their minister plenipotentiary on their treasury; these
orders shall be payable sixty days after the exchange of rat-
ifications of the treaty, and the conventions signed this
day, and after possession shall be given of Louisiana by the
commissaries of France to those of the United States."
Art. 4. " It is expressly aereed that the preceding ar-
ticles shall comprehend no debts but such as are due to
citizens of the United States, who have been and are yet
creditors of France, for supplies, for embargoes, and prizes
made at sea, in which the appeal has been properly lodged
within the time mentioned in the said convention, 8th Ven-
demiere, ninth year, (30th September, 1800.")
Art. 5. " The preceding articles shall apply only, 1st.
To captures of which the council of prizes shall have or-
dered restitution, it being well understood that the claimant
cannot have recourse to the United States, otherwise than
he might have had to the Government of the French Re-
public, and only in case of insufficiency of the captors.
2d. The debts mentioned in the said fifth article of the con-
vention, contracted before the 8th Vendemiere, art. 9, (30th
September, 1800,) the payment of which has been hereto-
fore claimed of the actual Government of France, and for
which the creditors have a right to the protection of the
United States: the said fifth article does not comprehend
prizes whose condemnation has been or shall b« confirmed."
**********
The 20,000,000 .of francs to be paid by the
United States were part of the purchase money for
Louisiana, and the payment of the debts or claims
mentioned, therefore, was in effect made by France.
The words of exclusion contained in the fourth
article were intended to embrace the fourth class
already named, or captures definitively condemned
on the 30th of September, 1800, and this exclu-
sion is reiterated by equivalent language in the
fifth article. The utter abandonment of this class
of claims by our Government since 1800, and the
great pains taken to cut them off from all partici-
pation in the fund provided by the convention of
1803, would, considering the palpable character of :
the wrongs committed by France, and the unques-
tionable right of our citizens to redress, be inex- '
plicable, were not the difficulty susceptible of an
easy solution by a recurrence to the stipulations
of the convention of the 30th of September, 1800.
To this end it will be material to refer only to the
following articles: |
Art. 2. " The ministers plenipotentiary of the two par- i
ties not being able to agree at present respecting the treaty
of alliance of 6th February, 1778, the treaty of amity and
commerce of the same date, and the convention of 14th
November, 1788, nor upon the indemnities mutually due or
claimed, the parties will negotiate further on these subjects
at a convenient time; and until they may have agreed upon
these points the said treaties and convention shall have no
operation, and the relations of the two countries shall be
regulated as follows
Art. 3. " The public ships which have been taken on
one part and the other, or which mav be taken before the
exchange of ratifications, shall be restored."
Art. 4. " Property captured, and not yet definitively con- ,
demned, or which may be captured before the exchange of '
ratifications, (contraband goods destined to an enemy's port
excepted,) shall he mutually restored. ****••
This article shall take effect from the date of the signature
ot the present convention. And if, from the date of the
said signature, any property shall be condemned contrary
to the intent of said convention, before the knowledge of,
this stipulation shall be obtained, the property so condemned
shall without delay be restored or paid for."
Art. 5. " The debts contracted by one of the two na-
tions with individuals of the other, or by individuals of one
with individuals of the other, shall be paid, or the payment
may be prosccuted in the same manner as if there had been
no misunderstanding between the two States. But this
clause shall not extend to indemnities claimed on account
of captures or confiscations."
It appears from the second article of this con-
vention that there were certain subjects of differ-
ence then pending between the two Governments
in regard to which their ministers could not agree,
and therefore the parties postponed a final ar-
rangement in respect to them until a more " con-
venient time." It is well known that the preten-
sions advanced on the part of France consisted in
asserting the validity and the (then) binding force
of the treaties of alliance and of amity and com-
merce of the 6th of February, 1778, and of the
consular convention of the 14th of November,
1788, and in claiming certain rights, privileges, and
immunities, which were thereby originally secured
to France, and which her ministers insisted still
remained; and the pretensions made on the part
of the UnitedTStates consisted in maintaining (as our
ministers did most strenuously) the right of our
citizens to a full indemnity for injuries comprised
in class No. 4. The claims of France were na-
tional in their character—those of the United States
private; both were pending at the same time, and,
the parties not being able to agree, the whole sub-
ject was adjourned over to a future day. In this
state of the case the convention was ratified by the
French Executive, and was transmitted to the
President, who laid it before the Senate (in con-
formity with our Constitution) for its advice. That
body took up the subject, and*" in the first place
proposed a new article limiting the convention to
the period of eight years; and, being desirous of
putting an end to all existing differences, expunged
| the second article, and advised its ratification in
its amended form, which was accordingly done.
This made it necessary to return the convention to
France; her Gevernment seems to have hesitated
long, but finally ratified the amended convention
with this significant declaration, " that by this re-
trenchment" (that of the second article) " the two
States renounce the respective pretensions which
are the object of the said article." Thus Bona-
parte, then First Consul, gave a construction to the
act of the Senate in expunging the second article.
He declared it was to be understood that the par-
ties by such retrenchment intended a mutual ex-
oneration of claims, and, by offsetting the one
against the other, to extinguish them forever
This brought the convention back to the United
States for the consideration of our Executive, (Mr.
Jefferson,) and he (admitting Bonaparte was right)
deemed it to be his duty to take the sense of the
Senate on the subject; and that body, by declaring
the convention already ratified, concurred in the
views of the French Government as expressed in
the act of ratification. Even before the final action
of the body, the President (Mr. Jefferson) had no
difficulty in.coming to the same result; for Mr.
Madison, then Secretary of State, under date of
18th of December, 1801, wrote to Mr. Livingston,
our minister at France, as follows:
" 1 am authorized to say that the President doe* not re-
gard the declaratory clause as more than a legitimate infer-
ence from the rejection by the Senate of the 2d article; and
that he is disposed to go on with the measures due under
the compact to the French Republic."
In this novel and peculiar way the bargain was
consummated, and France was released forever
from these spoliation claims, in consideration of
the release which the United States obtained from
the national claims of France. Thus we learn
why it was that so" much particularity was used
to exclude the fourth class of claims from partici-
pating in the fund created by the convention of
1803, and why our Govesnment has not sought
indemnity therefor, at the hands of France, since
the 30th of September, 1800.
That the two Governments really intended an"
extinguishment of their respective claims (the re-
lease of the one being the consideration of the
release of the other) may be proved by an abun-
dance of authority from both sides of the Atlantic.
FRENCH AUTHORITT.
1. Soon after the convention of the 30th of Sep-
tember was finally ratified, it became necessary
for the French Executive to bring the subject to
