190
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 10,
31st Cong 2d Ses9.
Claims for French Spoliations—Mr. Smith.
Senate.
had a right to convert the ports along our extensive
coast into so many stations, from which she could
sally forth with her armament to defend her own
possessions, or to assail the possessions or com-
merce of her enemy. In short, the stipulations of
the 17th and 22d articles of the treaty of amity and
commerce converted our Atlantic frontier, in case
of a war between Prance and Great Britain, sub-
stantially into a French coast, and rendered our
ports nearly as useful to her in such a contest as
if she had been their absolute owner.
The 11th article, therefore, of the first-named
treaty, and the 17th and 22d of the last, constitu-
ted what has sometimes been called " an entan-
gling alliance," against which Washington so em-
phatically warned the country in his Farewell Ad-
dress. "The great rule of conduct for us," he
says, "in regard to foreign nations, is, in extend-
' ing our commercial relations, to have with them
' as little political connection as possible. So far
• as we have already formed engagements, let them
' be fulfilled with perfect good faith. Here let us
'stop. Europe has a set of primary interests
• which to us have none, or a very remote relation.
• Hence she must be engaged in frequent con-
' troversies, the causes of which are essentially
' foreign to our concerns. Hence, therefore, it
' must be unwise in us to implicate ourselves by
' artificial ties in the ordinary vicissitudes of her
• politics, in the ordinary combinations and allian-
'ces of her friendship or enmities." * * * *
" Why, by interweaving our destinies with that of
■ any part of Europe, entangle our peace and pros-
' peri ty in the toils of European ambition, rival-
' ship, interest, humor, or caprice?"
_ The history of the country proves that Wash-
ington spoke from bitter experience. It is true
that during the peace which ensued after the close
of our revolutionary war, (covering a period of
about ten years,) we experienced no particular in-
convenience from these treaties; but soon after the
war of the French revolution broke out, and par-
ticularly after Great Britain became a party to it,
they were found to be complete magizmes of evil
to the country. Very soon a great variety of ques-
tions arose between- France and the United States
tinder the treaties and conventions already referred
to. Both parties complained of infractions of those
treaties, and of serious injuries—the United States
of the spoliations of their commerce—contrary both
to the treaties and the laws of nations; and France
of a deprivation of the rights and privileges se-
cured to her by the 17th and 22d articles of the
treaty of amity and commerce, and the 12th arti-
cle of the consular convention. The reclamations
on the one side and the other became exceedingly
animated; the passions of the two nations were
aroused; the discussion's (continued through sev-
eral years) were characterized by profound discon-
tent and much irritation, and frequently became,
particularly on the side of France, acrimonious;
and the relations of the two countries were kept
in turmoil and confusion through most of Wash-
ington 's administration, and until near the close of
that of the elder Adams.
I should trespass far too much on the time and
attention of the Senate, if I were to submit an
exposition of the various pretensions advanced by
France. It is sufficient for me to sav, in general
terms, that they consisted in maintaining that the
rights and privileges secured to her by the treaties,
or some of them, were denied to her; or that their
exercise had been, in some degree, impaired or
obstructed; or that indulgences had been accorded
to Great Britain, inconsistent with their true in-
tent and meaning. It is unnecessary now to con-
sider to what extent France had just grounds for ,
her complaints, though I am free to admit that !i
many of them, if not most, seem to have little ji
solid foundation to rest upon. But, however this I
may have been, it is certain that the disputes be-
tween the two Governments began to subside early
in 1795. France seems at that period to have ar-
rested her career of robbery and violence, and had i
begun to manifest a disposition to do our much- I
injured citizens something like justice—a state of
things to which Washington referred with evident
satisfaction in his message of February 28,1795,
from which I produce an extract:
iwmsS.T n?ar the French Republic has urged com-
Sl_ „ . 'or the injuries which our commerce sustained '
captures by French cruisers, from the non-fulfillment |
of the contracts of the agents of that Republic, and from
the embargo at Bordeaux. He has also pressed an allow-
ance for the money voted by Congress for relieving the in-
habitants of St. Doiningo. It affords me the highest pleas-
ure to inform Congress that perfect harmony reigns
; between the two RBPOBLics, and that these claims are
! in a train of being discussed with candor, and of being
amicably adjusted."
But all the hopes of Washington were blighted
by the promulgation of the treaty of "amity,
• commerce, and navigation" between the United
States and Great Britain, usually called Jay's
treaty, dated November 19, 1794, but not ratified
until October 28, 1795. The effect of that treaty
(which had been kept a profound secret) was,
when it became known in France, early in 1796,
to blow thatcountry into a flame. It was believed
to manifest a strong partiality on the part of our
Government for Great Britain; and it was insisted
that, in place of remaining the ally of France, as
we were bound to do by the treaties of our revo-
lutionary war, we had, m fact, made ourselves the
ally of her most powerful enemy. She complained
particularly of the 18th, 24th, and 25th articles of
1 Mr. Jay's treaty. By the 18th article we had
materially enlarged the list of contraband, as con-
tained in the 24th article of our treaty of amity
and commerce with France, and had accorded to
Great Britain the privilege of seizing our provision
ships on the condition of indemnifying the own-
ers. This undoubtedly gaveGreat Britain a great
advantage over France in the then pending war,
and was hardly consistent with the spirit of the
treaties of 1798, and with the obligations of grati-
tude due to France, on account of the sacrifices
made and services rendered by her in asserting,
by the most essential aids, "the liberty, sover-
eignty, and independence of the United States, as
well in matters of government as commerce." I
; shall have occasion directly to bring the 24th and
25th articles of the same treaty before the Senate
for another purpose, and therefore I will not dwell
on them here. It is sufficient to say that soon
after Mr. Jay's treaty became known at Paris,
France resumed her course of aggression on the
United States. Her Government issued the ar-
retes or decrees of July 2, 1796, March 2, 1797,
and January 18, 1798, ingeniously contrived to
confer on her cruisers an unrestrained license to
plunder American commerce, of which they availed
themselves everywhere, and to the greatest ex-
tent, ruining thousands of our citizens, and mate-
rially impairing our national prosperity. To arrest
these enormities the United States sent to Paris
successively Minister C. C. Pinckney and Envoys
Marshall, Pinckney, and Gerry, but France would
not deign to receive either the one or the other.
At length Congress became convinced that it was
indispensable to take a stronger and much more
significant position in opposition to France; and
they accordingly passed the act of the 7th of July,
1798, declaring "the treaties heretofore concluded
with France no longer obligatory on the United
States," and resorted to certain defensive meas-
ures, of which I shall have occasion to speak more
; particularly hereafter.
To enable us to understand the relations of the
i two countries at this era, it is necessary to recur
i to the 24th and 25th articles of Mr. Jay's treaty, I
already referred to, which were as follow: |
1 " Art. 24. It shall not be lawful for any foreign priva- 1
I teers, (not being subjects or citizens of either of the said
parties,) who have commissions from any other prince or
; State in enmity with either nation, to arm their ships in the
ports of either of the said parties, nor to sell what they have
taken, nor in any other manner to exchange the same; nor
shall they be allowed to purchase more provisions than shall
be necessary for their going to ttie nearest port of that prince
or State from whom they obtained their commissions."
" Art. 25. It shall be lawful for the ships-of-war and
privateers belonging to the said parties, respectively, to
carry whithersoever they please the ships and goods taken
from their enemies, without being obliged to pay any fee to
the officers of the admiralty, or to any judges whatever;
nor shall the said prizes, when they arrive at and enter the
ports of the said parties, be detained or seized; neither shall
the searchers or other officers of those places visit such
prizes, (except for the purpose of preventing the carrying
of any part of thecargo thereof on shore In any manner con-
trary to the established laws of revenue, navigation, or 1
commerce,) nor shall such officers take cognizance of
the validity of such prizes; but they shall be at liberty
to hoist sail and depart as speedily as may be, and carry
their said prizes to the place mentioned in their com- i
missions or patents, which the commanders of the said
ships-of-war or privateers shall be obliged to show. No
shelter or refuge shall be given in their ports to such as have
made a prize upon the subjects or citizens of either of the
said parties; but if forced by stress of weather or the dangers h
of the sea to enter therein, particular care shall be taken to
hasten their departure, and to cause them to retire as soon
as possible. Nothing in this treaty contained shall, how-
ever, be construed or operate contrary to former and exist-
ing public treaties with other sovereigns or States. But the
two parties agree that, while they continue in amity, neither
of them will in future make any treatv that shall be incon-
sistent with this or the preceding article.
"Neither of the said parties shall permit the ships or
goods belonging to the subjects or citizens of the other to
betaken within cannon shot of the coast, nor in any bays,
ports, or rivers of their territories, by ships-of-war, or others
having commission from any prince, republic, or State
whatever; but in case it should happen, the party whose
territorial rights shall thus have been violated shall use his
utmost endeavors t  obtain from the offending.party ftrii
and ample satisfaction for the vessel or vessels so taken,
whether the same be vessels of war or merchant vessels."
It will be seen that the 24th article above recited
is almost identical in words, and is exactly so in
effect, with the 22d article of the treaty of amity
and commerce of 1778, and the 24th article of the
British treaty with ;the 17th article of the last-
named French treaty. So that we bound ourselves
to accord to Great Britain the same exclusive right
of asylum for her ships-of-war and privateers,
with their respective prizes, which we had granted
to France by the treaty of 1778, as some, though
a very inadequate, return for her cooperation and
assistance in the fearful struggle of our revolution-
ary war. These articles would doubtless have
constituted an infraction of the treaty of amity
and commerce with France, had it not been for the
reservation contained in the 24th, of "former and
existingtreaties with other sovereigns and States."
But the passage of the act of annulment of 7th
July, 1798, removed out of the way the obstacles
created in favor of France bv the treaties of 1778,
and let Great Britain into the enjoyment, by vir-
tue of Mr. Jay's treaty, of the same exclusive
right of asylum in ourports which have been, to
that date, the right of France, and converted our
coast into a British coast, as it had been thereto-
fore a French coast. This constituted another
"entangling alliance," which ultimately became
so distasteful to Washington—a policy which has
been entirely eschewed by American diplomatists
and statesmen from that day to this. No doubt
Mr. Jay's treaty, taken in connection with the act
of Congress annulling the French treaties, greatly
complicated and embarrassed our relations with
France, and rendered an adjustment of pending
controversies almost impossible. Nor can it be
matter of surprise that this state of things should
have occasioned the utmost discontent and irrita-
tion in the French Government and people, as his-
tory teaches us that Mr. Jay's treaty, and the
proceedings of our Government consequent thereto,
were received with great disapprobation by a large
body if not a majority of our citizens, and were
resisted both in and out of Congress to the utter-
most. The appropriations to execute the British
i treaty were carried in the House of Representa-
tives, after a struggle of unexampled vehemence
and intensity, by a majority of only two, and
that solely, as is understood, by the surpassing
j eloquence of Fisher Ames.
I I have thus placed the Senate in a position to
j appreciate the embarrassments in which our en-
I voys, Ellsworth, Davie, and Murray, found them-
selves involved on opening negotiations at Paris
in the Spring of 1800, and I am also enabled to
trace their progress intelligibly to the completion
of the convention of the 30th of September, 1800,
showing the use which they attempted to make in
various forms of these spoliation claims, to extin-
guish the national claims set up by France under
the treaties, and throwing much light on the views,
purposes, and objects of the parties in thearrange-
l ment ultimately effected in ratifying the same con-
vention.
The first step taken by the Ministers was to
come to an explicit understanding that indemnities
should be made by each'nation to the citizens of
the other. There were some indemnities due from
the United States to the citizens of France, but
these were comparatively insignificant. On the
other hand, there were very large indemnities due
from France to citizens of the United States, com-
prehending the four classes of cases already named,
and an admission on the part of France of an ob-
ligation to make them stands out in front of all the
subsequent proceedings. This will appear from
extracts from the correspondence which I now
propose to submit to the Senate.
