1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1*1
31 st Cong 2d Sess.
Claims for French Spoliations—Mr. Smith.
Senate.
1. Extract from a letter, dated April 7, 1800,
from the American Envoy to the French Minister:
" To satisfy the demands of justice, and render a recon-
ciliation cordial and permanent, they propose an arrange-
ment, such as shall be compatible with national honor and
existing circumstances, to ascertain and discharge the equi-
table claims of the citizens of either nation upon the other,
whether founded on contract, treaty, or the law of nations."
—Doc. 102, p. 581.
2. Extract from a letter, dated 19th Germinal,
year 8, from the French Minister to the American
Envoy, (in reply:)
" The minister of the French Republic * * * thinks
that the first object of the negotiation ought to be the deter-
mination of the regulations and the steps to be followed for
the estimation and indemnification of injuries for which
either nation may make claim for itself or for any of its
citizens.
" And that the second object is to assure the execution of
treaties of friendship and commerce made between the two
nations, and the accomplishment of the views of reciprocal
advantage which suggested them."—Doc. 102, p. 581.
3. Extract from a letter, dated April 11th, 1800,
from the American Envoys to the French Minis-
ter, (in reply to the last:)
" The undersigned have seen with pleasure in your note,
which they bad the honor to receive yesterday, an acquies-
cence in the principle of compensating equitable claims of
citizens on both sides, though you have proposed to include,
also, claims which either nation might make for herself.
" This description of claims was omitted in the proposi-
tion of the undersigned, not from the apprehension of an
unfavorable balance, but because, in tbeir nature, they
were difficult to define and limit; because their discussion
might be unpleasant and dilatory; and because, also, to in-
sist on pecuniary compensation for themselves would be
incompatible with that magnanimity which it was pre,
sumed both nations would prefer, in an act of accommoda-
tion so auspicious to their future prosperity. If, however,
after considering these objections, and others which will
suggest themselves, the ministers of the French Republic
shall deem it necessary to provide pecuniary compensation
for such claims, the undersigned will be ready further to
consider the question'at a convenient stage of the negotia-
tion, which they apprehend will be after it shall be seen
what arrangement would be acceptable for the claims of
citizens.
" The expectation of the undersigned, with regard to
commerce, is not to renew or amend the former treaty, but
•to propose a new one, which shall have fewer difficulties
of construction and execution, shall more extend the pro-
visions for intercourse, and better adapt them to the exist-
ing state of things: and they trust, when the existing shall
have sufficiently progressed to make up this branch of it
more particularly, their expectation will be shown to be
reasonable."—Doc. 102, p. 582.
4. Extract from a letter, dated 23d Germinal,
year 8, from the French Ministers to the Ameri-
can Envoys, in reply to their letter of April 11:
"The Ministers Plenipotentiary of the French Republic
see no obstacles to prevent the Envoys Extraordinary and
Ministers Plenipotentiary of the United States from unfold-
ing the considerations at which they have stopped on the
subject of the arrangements to be made concerning the in-
dividual claims of one nation against the other.
" These claims cannot be appreciated on one side or the
other, but by the discussion of the principles of the law of
nations and the dispositions of treaties, the national claims
will, for the most part, be implicitly appreciated when those
of individuals shall be.
" The national stipulations will be but the ulterior conse-
quences of the same principles."—Doc. 102, p. 583.
Thus an admission by France of her liability to
make full indemnity for the injuries done our citi-
zens constituted the basis on which the negotiation
opened; and this liability she did not controvert or
deny during the subsequent proceedings. Here,
also, we find conclusive proof of the truth or cor-
rectness of the allegation of Mr. Madison in his
letter to our Minister to Spain, of the 6th Febru-
ary, 1804, that " the claims from which France
was released (by the convention of the 30th Sep-
tember, 1800) were admitted by France;" and
much other proof of the same character could be
adduced from the same correspondence.
This would certainly seem to be very satisfac-
tory progress, but our Envoys soon discovered
that the anticipations of the French Ministers,
that " the national claims would, for the most part,
be implicitly appreciated when those of individu-
als should be, must be realized; or, in other
words, that it was quite impossible to adjust the
claims of our citizens on France without coming
to some understanding in respect to the obligations
of the United States, and the rights, privileges,
and immunities of France under the treaties of
1778 and the convention of 1788.
in the first instance, our envoys sought indem-
nity for our citizens, and a new commercial treaty;
but France insisted on the validity of the old trea-
ties, and maintained that if she made reparation
for any supposed infraction of them, she was en-
titled to be reinstated in her former position. '' The
French think it hard," say our envoys, in a letter
to Mr. Pickering, Secretary of State, under date
of May 17, 1800, " to indemnify for violating en-
gagements, unless they can be thereby restored to
the benefits of them." " The French ministers,"
say the same gentlemen in their journal, under |
the date of May 23, 1800, " had frequently men-
' tioned in conversation the insuperable repugnance
' of their Government to yield its claim to the ante-
' riority assured to it in the treaty of amity and
' commerce of 1778; urging the equivalent alleged
' to be accorded by France for this stipulation—the
• meritorious ground on which they generally rep-
• resented the treaty stood; denying strenuously the
' power of the American Government to annul the
' treaties by a simple legislative act; and always
' concluding that it was perfectly incompatible with
• the honor and dignity of France to assent to the
' extinction of a right in favor of an enemy, and
' much more so to appear to acquiesce in the estab-
' lishment of that right in favor of Great Britain.
' The priority with respect to the right of asylum
' for privateers and prizes was the only point in the
' old treaty on which they had anxiously insisted,
' and which they agreed could not be as well pro-
' vided for by a new stipulation."
At this junoture our envoys began to experience
the inconvenience which our act of the 7th of July,
1798, annulling the treaties, was adapted to pro-
duce. The effect of that act on the relations of
France and the United States, and of the latter
and Great Britain, they explained verbally to the
French Minister, and thus repeated in their letter
of the 23d of July, 1800.—Doc. 102, p. 162:
'* As to the proposition of placing France, with respect to
an'asylum for privateers and prizes, upon the footing of
equality with Great Britain—
" It was remarked that the right which had accrued to
Great Britain in that respect was that of an asylum fbr her
own privateers and prizes, to the exclusion of her enemies;
wherefore, it was physically impossible that her enemies
should at the same time have a similar right.
" With regard to the observation that, by the terms of the
British treaty, the rights of France were reserved, and
therefore the rights of Great Britain existed with such lim-
itation as would admit of both nations being placed on a
footing which should be equal—
] " It was observed by the envoys of the United States that
i the saving in the British treaty was only of the rights of
i France, resulting from her then existing treaty; and that
that treaty having ceased to exist, the saving necessarily
ceased to exist also, and the rights which before that event
were only contingent immediately attached and became
operative."
To this, the French ministers, under date of
July 27th, 1800, replied as follows.—Doc. 102,
p. 614:
"Relative to the first object, the French ministers are
: obliged to repeat, that their instructions being grounded on
the perfect acknowledgment of ancient treaties, it is impos-
sible to subscribe to the annihilation of a privilege assured
by the treaty of 1778 to the privateers of each of the two
nations in the ports of the other, and above all to the estab-
lishment of this privilege in the mutual relations of the
United State? and to Great Britain.
" But, convinced that the true interest of France is strict-
ly connected with the prosperity of the United States, and
the prosperity of the United States with their perfect inde-
pendence—convinced that the exclusive right granted by
one nation to the privateers of another to bring their prizes
into their ports is of a nature to compromit its tranquillity,
and by that its independence, either because in a number
of cases it will give just cause of complaint, or at least of
umbrage, to the powers upon whom such prizes are made
—they hasten to repeat, at the same time, to the American
ministers, that, in case of a reconciliation, they will make it
a duty.to insist with their Government upon the proposition
which they have already made—to abolish all exclusive
right of entry in tbeir respective ports for the privateers of
the two nations, with their prizes, and to reduce themselves
for them to the right of bringing in their prizes in concur-
rence with the most favored nation. They believe that
the French Government would be honored by the sacri-
fice of a privilege which can be prejudicial to its ally; Nit
that it would be disgraced in depriving itself of it, to the ad-
vantage of its enemy, and without advantage the American
, independence.
j Indeed, at an earlier date, (7th July,) our en-
j voys had been informed by the Frencn Minister,
that the First Consul "would never consent to
' make a treaty which would surrender the exclu-
| 1 give rights of France in effect in favor of an en-
, 1 emy, or in any event make a treaty with the
* i * United States which would not place France on
11 * a footing of equality with Great Britain."—Doc.
i; 102, p. 619.
This led to a succession of propositions by the
American envoys, ingeniously devised with a view
to surmount the difficulties of the case, which I
11 will produce here, as having a material bearing on
11 the question before us:
Proposition No. 1, submitted by the •American Envoys,
July 18, 1800.
" Indemnities to be ascertained and secured, in the man-
ner proposed in our project of a treaty, but not to be paid
until the United States shall have offered to France an ar-
ticle stipulating free admission in the ports of each for the
privateers and prizes of the other, and the exclusion of
those of their enemies; nor unless the article be offered
within seven years ; such article to have the same effect, in
point of priority, as a similar provision had in the treaty of
'78."—Doc. 109, p. 620.
Proposition JVb. 2, submitted by the same, Axigitst 20,
1800.
1st. Let it be declared that the former treaties are re-
newed and confirmed, and shall have the same effect as if
no misunderstanding between the two Powers had inter-
vened, except so far as they are derogated from by the pres-
ent treaty.
2d. It shall be optional with either party to pay to the
other, within seven years, 3,000,000 of francs, in money, or
securities which may be issued for indemnities, and thereby
to reduce the rights of the other as to privateers and prizes
to those of the most favored nation. And during the said
term allowed for option, the right of both parties shall be
limited by the line of the most favored nation.
3d. The mutual guarantee in the treaty of alliance shall
be so specified and limited, that its future obligation shall
be, on the part of France, when the United States shall be
attacked, to furnish and deliver at her own ports military
stores to the amount of 1,000,000 of francs; and on the part
of the United States, when the French possessions in
America in any future war shall be attacked, to furnish and
deliver up at their own porta a like amount in provisions.
It shall moreover be optional tor either party to exonerate
itself wholly of its obligation, by paying to the other within
seven years a gross sum of 5,000,000 of francs, in money, or
such securities as may be issued for indemnities.
4th. The articles of commerce and navigation, except the
17th article of the treaty, shall admit of modifications, re-
serving for their principal the rights of the most favored
nation, where it shall not be otherwise agreed, and be
limited in their duration to twelve years.
5th. There shall be a reciprocal stipulation for indemni-
ties, and these indemnities shall be limited to the claims of
individuals, and adjusted agreeably to the principles and
manner proposed by the American ministers in a project of
a treaty heretofore delivered, except when it shall be other-
wise agreed; public ships taken on either side shall be
restored or paid for.
6th. All property seized by either party, and not yet
definitively condemned, or which may be seized before the
exchange of the ratifications of the present treaty, shall be
restored on reasonable, though it should be informal, proof
of its belonging to the other, except contraband goods of the
United States, destined to an enemy's port. This provision
to take effect from the signature of the treaty; and if any
condemnation should take place contrary to the intent of
this stipulation before knowledge of the same shall be ob-
tained, the property so condemned shall be paid for without
delay.—Doc. ICS, p. 625.
Proposition No. 3, submitted by the8amet August 29,1800.
It the United States shall at any time within seven years
from the exchange of the ratifications of the present treaty
offer to the French Republic an article ef the tenor follow-
ing, viz:
i (11 is agreed that the United States shall pay to the French
Republic, within seven years from the day of exchanging
the ratifications of the treaty of , eight millions of
francs in money, or such securities as have been, or may
be issued to citizens of the United States for indemnities
under the said treaty, together with interest hereafter at the
rate of per centum per annum, until the principal shall
be discharged. And that, as a consideration of such en-
gagements, the United Suites shall forever be exonerated
of the obligation, on their part, to furnish succors or aid un-
der the mutual guarantee of the 11th article of the treaty of
alliance of the 6th of February, 1778; and the rights of the
French Republic, under the 17th and 22d articles of the
treaty of amity and commerce of the same date, shall be
forever limited to such as the most favored nation shall in
these respects enjoy"—
The French Republic will accept the same; or if the
French Republic shall at any time within that term offer
such an article, the United States will accept the same; and
in either case the article so offered shall become part of the
present treaty.
"To such a stipulation, in connection with the first,
fourth, filth, and sixth propositions offered by tbe American
envoys, in their note of the 20th of the present month, they
would agree, so great is their desire to terminate without
further loss the present negotiation."—Doc. 102, p. 6*29.
Proposition JVo. 4, submitted by the same, September
5, 1800.
1st. The former treaties shall be renewed and confirmed.
2d. The obligations of the guarantee shall be specified and
limited, as in the first paragraph of their 3d proposition of
the 20th of August.
3d. There shall be mutual indemnities, and a mutual
restoration of captured property not yet definitively con-
demned, according to their 5th and 6th propositions of that
date.
4th. If, at the exchange of ratifications, the United
States shall propose a mutual relinquishment of indeinni-
ies , the French Republic will agree to the same; and in
such case the former treaties shall not be deemed obliga-
tory, except that, under the 17th and 33d articles of that of
commercc, the parties shall continue forever to have for
their public ships of war, privateers, and prizes, such privi-
leges in the ports of each other as tne most favored nation
shall enjoy.—Doc. 102, p. 631.
Proposition No. 5, submitted by the same, September
13, 1800.
The discussion of former treaties and of Indemnities
