122
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 16,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Claims for French Spoliations—Mr. Smith.
Senate.
being for the present closed, it must, of course, be post-
poned till it can be resumed with fewer embarrassments.
It remains only to consider the expediency of a tempo-
rary arrangement. Should such an arrangement comport
with the views of France, the following principles are of-
fered as the basis of it:
1st. The ministers plenipotentiary of the respective par-
ties not being able at present to agree respecting the former
treaties and indemnities, the parties will, in due and con-
venient time, further treat on those subjects; and until they
shall have agreed respecting the same, the said treaties shall
have no operation. In the mean time—
2d. The parties shall abstain from all unfriendly acts;
their commercial intercourse shall be free, and debts shall
be recoverable in the same manner as if no misunderstand-
ing had intervened.
3d. Property captured, and not yet definitively condemned,
or which may be captured before the exchange of ratifica-
tions, shall be mutually restored. Proofs of ownership to
be specified in the convention.
4fh. Some provisional regulations shall be made to pre-
vent abuses and disputes that may arise out of future cases
of capture.—Doc. 102, p. 635.
The propositions were successively rejected by
| millions of francs, and in omitting a present re-
! duction of the rights of France to those of the
j most favored nation.
But by far the most interesting of these propo-
sitions is the fourth, which in fact comprises the
essential elements which entered into the final ar-
' rangement. Here our envoys suggest:
1. A renewal of the old treaties.
2. The guarantee to be limited, as per proposi-
tion of the 20th of August.
3. Indemnities to be made, and property not
definitively condemned to be restored.
4. The United States to have an option, at the
exchange of ratifications, to renounce indemnities,
and take therefor a reduction of the right of Prance
to those of the most favored nation.
Now, suppose this had been put in the form
cf a treaty, and that the United States had, on
exchange of ratifications, elected to give up the
the French ministers until they came to the last, indemnities to get rid of the exclusive rights of
which, after considerable hesitation, was accepted
and constituted the basis of the arrangements ulti-
mately made. The rejection, I suppose, was based
mainly on the idea that they would directly leave
or indirectly leave Great Britain, at least tempori-
ly* in possession of the exclusive rights which had
become vested by the 25th and 26th articles of the
treaty of 19th November, 1794, as the same were
made effective by the act of the 7th of July, 1798,
annulling the treaties of 1778.
In reply to the propositions submitted by our
envoys, the French ministers made offers on the
part of their government, to none of which is it
material to refer, except that of the 4th of Septem-
ber, 1800, which was as follows:
" 1. We shall have a right to take oar prizes into the
ports of America.
" 3. A commissioner shall regulate the indemnities which
either of the two nations may owe to the citizens of the
other.
" 3. The indemnities that shall be due by France to the
f*iti *r a t Ik a TTnS#ckil frnji nl\11 I...
indemnities and treaties as of " equivalent value,
and might be disposed to bargain away the former
to purchase an exoneration from the latter. No
doubt this same fourth proposition suggested to the
Senate the course which it ultimately took, and con-
stituted the basis of its action. The suppression
of the second article was in fact a renewal to
France of this same proposition, which she accepted
contrary to her first decision; and thus France
was released from these spoliation claims for *" a
valuable consideration," (vide Mr. Madison's let-
ter to Mr. Pinckney, doc. 102, p. 795,) " in a
„   correspondent release of the United States" from
citizens of the United States shall be paid for by the United j the claims of France on them. It is apparent that
States: &ndin return for which France th* prelusive In . .1 1 •. • •« « ,. "
France under the treaties, could there have been
any doubt as to their liability ? And yet this is
precisely what the parties did in effect, though
not in form. It is manifest that our envoys had
in their minds the idea that the President and
Senate might, when they came to revise the treaty, „        „lc
aeem (to use tne language of Mr. Livingston) the l! especially important to establish some limitation as to time.
States; and in return for which France yields the exclusive
privilege resulting from the 17th and 22d articles of the trea-
ty of commerce, and from the rights .of guarantee of the 11th
article of the treaty of alliance."—Doc. 102, p. 630.
It is believed that an examination of these prop-
ositions will sufficiently elucidate the views and ob-
ject of the parties in entering into the arrangement
which was ultimately effected, and will showwhat
were the obligations of our Government under that
arrangement.
Ana here I would observe that proposition No.
1 contains the following elements:
1. Indemnities to be ascertained.
2. Payment to be postponed for a period not
exceeding seven years.
_ 3. The United States to have the option at any
time within that period either to accept the indem-
nities and renew the treaties, or to take an exon- ■
eration from the latter and give up the former.
The reason why seven years were proposed
may be found in the fact that at the end of that
ftertod the British treaty was to expire by its own
imitation, and the United States would be in a
situation to renew their former engagements with
France without a breach of faith towards Great
Britain. Now, suppose a treaty to have been
made on this basis, would not the United States
have been immediately liable to the claimants?
Might they not have said, you have no right even
to postpone our claims for purposes of your own.
But, at any rate, if the United States had elected
to sacrifice the indemnities rather than renew the
treaties, it would have been a clear case of liability.
They could then have urged with great effect that
the claims had been liquidated, that France stood
ready to pay them, but that you proposed to sur-
render them for a great public object, viz: exon-
eration from obligations of an exceedingly embar-
rassing and injurious character.
The second proposition contemplated a renewal
France deemed it impossible for us thus to sacri-
fice the rights of our citizens, and to take "private
property for public use," without making them
a "just compensation;"for her ministers,in their
counter-proposition of the 4th of September, 1800,
proposed to release her claims on the United
States in consideration of payment by them of the
indemnities due by France to our own citizens.
We were to enter into an express covenant to pay
and satisfy these claims; and France being thus
i discharged from these individual or private claims,
she was, in consideration thereof, to hold us ex-
onerated from her public or national claims. But
the ultimate intentions of the parties having been
executed in an exceedingly informal or irregular
way, and that which was intended in fact not
haying been put in the form of an express stipu-
lation, the claimants have had nothing but the
substance of the matter to rely on; and that I hope
will be deemed by this enlightened body as binding
in equity and good conscience as any formalities
whatsoever. I trust that I have thus redeemed i
fully the assurance which I gave the Senate that j
Iwould,byexaminingthe negotiation which termi- :
nated in the convention of i800, deduce the cor-
rectness of the statement of Mr. Madison, (Doc. !
102, p. 795,) to the effect that the United States
bartered away their private claims in exchange
for the national claims of France, and thus ob-
tained for them a full and a valuable considera- 1
tion. [
_ It only remains for me to examine the objec-
tions which have been heretofore urged in opposi- <
tion to this measure, and will doubtless be reiter- '
ated on the present occasion. They are set forth
in due form in the minority report submitted by !
the honorable Senator from Virginia, at the last
session of Congress, from the select committee of,
which I have the honor to be chairman. As we i
of the old treaties, and the ascertainment and pay- I have reason to expect that my honorable friend
«V SM  1 J    ' X *  Jil.  .1    . 1  *11 11 < a > • . _
ment of the indemnities, with an option on the
United States, within seven years, to purchase
out the exclusive rights of France for the consid-
eration named; those rights to be limited during
the period named, by the line of the most favored
nation.
The third proposition does not differ essentially
from the second, except in making the considera-
tion for both the 11th article of the treaty of
a liance, and the 17th and 22d articles of the treaty
ot amity and commerce, the gross sum of eight
will address us before this bill is disposed of, I
shall, by replying to the objections stated in that
report, give a sufficient answer to any remarks
which he may make, as, from the nature of the
case, they can be little more than an amplification
and reiteration of the report itself. I observe,
then, that opposition has been, and will continue
to be, made to this bill on the ground of
THE ANTIQUITY OF THESE CLAIMS.
In the minority report this objection is stated,
and expressed at considerable length, as follows:
" But how come these claims here, after a lapse of fifty
years? and how can we ever decide the question so as to
get rid ot it? If these claims upon our Government were
ever good, is it possible for us to pay them so as to do jus-
tice to the parties? How are we to discriminate between
the good and the bad claims, so as to secure the Govern-
ment against mistakes and frauds ? After the lapse of fifty
years most of the evidence is pone which would be neces-
sary for a full and fair examination of their justice. Those
who are interested preserve most of what is to be found; as
time rolls on, weaker and weaker evidence becomes the
best of which the nature of the case is susceptible, until
mere presumptions will suffice to charge the Government,
and scarce any protection will be left against frauds. To
whom are we to pay these debts if they be due ? There are
heirs, creditors, assignees. To whom shall the money be
paid ? and how are their several relations to the claimant to
be ascertained? The chances for mistake as to the parties
entitled are very great. Shall we pay to the administrator,
who will probably be the agent of the claim, and leave him
to settle the rights of the parties ? How easy would it be
for him to retain the money on a claim, established per-
haps upon imperfect evidence, and keep it all to him-
self! Between the conflicting claims of heirs, assignees,
and creditors, the chances are that the person really entitled
would not often obtain the money. There certainly ought
to be some limitation as to time, beyond which such claims
should not be presented. It is easy to show, upon the
mere calculation of chances, that any claim must succeed
if presented year after year, without limitation as to time.
If it is rejected nine hundred and ninety-nine times, the
claim is not defeated; but if it passes on the thousandth
trial, it is paid. Where Governments are concerned, it is
especially important to establish some limitation as to time.
There are few or none who feel a deep interest in defend-
ing the Government against unjust claims. No effort is
made to preserve evidence to protect it, whilst private in-
terest induces claimants to preserve what is in their favor.
Evidence often contradicted at first, whilst contemporaries
of the event are alive, becomes sufficient merely because
that which contradicted it has perished. Not only is it im-
possible to defend the Government in such cases, but it
becomes impracticable to do real justice between the par-
ties ratified. The true relations between the parties and
their several titles to the claim it would be very difficult to
establish. The creditors, who are often the persons really
entitled, would generally get nothing in such cases. The
evidence of their claims would have been lost. Hopeless
originally as to the claini, and equally hopeless as to the
ultimate solvency of their debtor, in most cases the evi-
dences of their title would be lost. Indeed, the debt*
themselves would be barred by the statutes of limitations
existing in the States. Twenty years would create a pre-
sumption ot payment of a bond; other contracts would be
barred in less time. Even a judgment, if not renewed,
would be presumed at common law to have been satisfied
after a period of twenty years, unless there were positive
evidence to control such a presumption. But the claim
against Government is good forever, and the heirs, not o
the creditor who was really entitled, but of the original
claimant, would get it."
To the objections thus stated I answer:
1. There would be some propriety in assuming
this ground, if this were the first appeal made by
these parties to the justice and equity of Congress;
but the fact is far otherwise. TTie claimants have
been incessantly petitioning Congress for redress
for nearly half a century. They commenced at
the very first session after the ratification of the
convention of the 30th of September, 1800, and
have continued their solicitations to this day. The
claimants have not only used due diligence, but
all possible diligence. This is an appeal to the
public conscience—to that sense of justice which
must be presumed to be ever present with the au-
thorities of a civilized and christian nation. If
the honorable Senator could prove that Congress
has delayed so long and so wantonly that the pub-
lic conscience has become "seared as with a hot
iron," that would be no reason way justice should
not probe it to the quick. The claimants in this
case are obliged to address themselves to the party
' in interest; the party which is to pay is the
j party to judge. The public is judge in its own
case; and when this many-headed tribunal, called
the public, has procrastinated for near half a cen-
tury, all the while refuaing to act definitively on
the subject, can it turn round and plead the statute
! of limitations—set up its own dereliction of duty
as a defence? But here the case is much strong-
r er- Whatever action there has been vindicates
i and asserts the equity of these demands. Com-
; mittees almost without number declare in favor of
their validity; the Senate frequently asserts the
public liability, while the House remains mute;
but at the end of forty or fifty years both concur,
( and then the Executive dissents, so that nothing is
1 concluded. Now it is discovered that the bar of
I time has takca full effect. Were not the parties
entitled to a yea or nay within a reasonable time?
To procrastinate in the manner Congress has
done in this case is a great wrong, and the public,
j no more than individuals, can take advantage of
I its own wrong. The minority report assumes
