1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
123
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Claims for French Spoliations—Mr. Smith.
Senate.
that this is a case of repudiated claims—a case re-
jected over and over again by Congress:
" It is easy to show," (says the Senator) " upon the mere
calculation of chances, that any claim must succeed if pre-
sented year after year, without limitation as to time. If it
is rejected nine hundred and ninety-nine times, the claim is
not defeated; but if it passes on the thousandth trial, it is
paid."
Very sensible! But the remarks have no appli-
cation to the case before us. The truth is, the
equities of the case have been strengthened and
increased by the delay. An equivalent for the
indemnity proposed by Mr. Livingston in 1830
would now require an appropriation of f 11,300,000;
or, in other words, less than $2,500,000 in 1830
would have been better for the claimants than
$5,000,000 now. An equivalent for the $5,000,000
voted by the two Houses in 1846 would at this time
be $6,300,000. Congress, by its inattention and
neglect, has not only done a great wrong to these
parties, but has occasioned no inconsiderable pecu-
niary advantage to the public. We have had the
use of a large sum of money for many years, to
the prejudice of our own citizens; and now we are
told that the cold indifference and heartless pro-
crastination of those whose duty it was to act,
blighting the hopes of thousands, and carrying
most of them in penury to the grave, have all at
once become a defence under the head of lapse <tf
time.
2. But this objection can have no application to
the general equities of the case. These can be just
as well appreciated now as they could have been
at the day and hour of the transactions out of
which they arose. They depend on facts and con-
siderations which are matters of record. They
are deduced from the solemn acts of the two Gov-
ernments, in the form of decrees, laws, and treaties,
and are illustrated or proved by an extensive dip-
lomatic correspondence, accessible to us and the
whole country. They are how before us precisely
as they have existed in the public archives for a
half century, and can be just as well understood
and judged of now as they could have been by any
of our predecessors, recent or remote.
3. In respect to any difficulty which may result
from lapse of time, in appreciating the justice or
validity of particular claims, it is sufficient to say
that they are all to be referred to the Board of
Commissioners, who will judge of their merits. On
the trial, each claimant will take on himself the
burden of proof, and if he has lost his evidence,
in whole or in part, so that he cannot make full
proof, it will be his misfortune; he will lose his
claim. It is not to be assumed that the Commis-
sioners will allow claims, except such as are satis-
factorily proved. The question is, whether we
shall pay those claims which can be proved. If
this class do not amount to $5,000,000, then the
money will remain in the Treasury. Besides, this
objection is hardly consistent with another taken
in the minority report, to wit: that the amount
due will much exceed the sum provided by this
bill, and that a balance will remain, which we must
ultimately pay. But it is believed that little diffi-
culty will be experienced in making out the equi-
ties of the cases individually, for the reason that
the proofs were collected in the day and time of
these transactions, and were put into the hands of
our Government in conformity with the sugges- :
tions of Mr. Jefferson's circular of 1793, and they
are now to be found in the archives either of the |
United States or France.
3. But the minority report not only deals with the
general equities of the subject, and with the equi- '
ties of the claims individually, but travels off into
the equities which might by possibility arise be-
tween the claimants or some of them and third
persons. Some claimants may have been insolvent:
wid if the Government had responded promptly to
its obligations, the money would have inured to
the benefit of the creditors of such claimants; but
now (runs the argument) the debts due such cred-
itors, may be barred by the lapse of time, and that
bar shall protect the United States—the public
shall have the benefit of this remote equity. But
the Senator, in his anxiety to hunt down these
claims, should at least spare those who have ever
met their engagements, and especially creditors of
the original claimants who hold them either for
payment or security. This class is believed to be
large, and I commend their case to the particular
sympathy of my honorable friend. This objec- j |
tion is too far-fetched and is too artificial to be
worthy of further notice.
The release of France from these claims was,
it is said, without consideration. The United
States obtained no equivalent or benefit, direct or
collateral, and therefore we are not liable. France
had no right to a continuance or renewal of
treaties. They were abrogated for just cause, in,
1798, and never renewed, and therefore no consid-
eration can be found in the surrender of them for
the claims now before the Senate.
This is substantially the ground taken by the
honorable Senator [Mr. H.] in his minority report,
and which he will doubtless reassume on the pres-
ent occasion. In this, of course, the honorable
Senator will be obliged to place himself in opposi-
tion to both Livingston and Madison—the former
declaring that the claims on the one hand and the
treaties on the other " were considered as of equiv-
alent value;" and the latter, that the release of the
one was "avaluable consideration" for the re-
lease of the other. He will also find himself con-,
fronted by the opinion of Mr. Murray, one of the
envoys who negotiated the convention of 1800,
and was commissioned to exchange the ratifica-
tions of that convention with France after the sup-
pression of the"2d article by the Senate. Itiswell
known that the French Government experienced
some difficulty in accepting the convention in its
amended form, and that considerable discussion
ensued on the return of it to France. While the
question was pending, Mr. Murray, under date of
July 1,1801, wrote to Mr. Madison asfollows:
" To you, sir, I can say, I wish T had been authorized to
subscribe to a joint abandonment of treaties and indemni-
ties. As claims they will always be set oft* against each
otl*r by them; and I consider the cessation of their claims
to treaties as valuable."—Doc. 103, p. 675.
But, notwithstanding all that Madison, Living-
ston, and Murray, have said, the honorable Sen-
ator will have it that such cessation was not valuable.
Here it becomes proper to look a little more nar-
rowly into this objection. And here I observe—
1. It implies an admission that the United States
in fact discharged the claims, and insists that such
discharge was without any sufficient motive, ob-
ject, or consideration. It makes the act of our
Government a wanton act, and involves a grave
reproach against the authorities of 1800.
2. The United States had undertaken and was
bound to undertake the prosecution of these claims.
There was both a general and a special obligation :
the former resulted from the relation of the State
to its citizens, protection being due from the one
in return for the allegiance which is incumbent on
the other, and the latter from the engagements of
Mr. Jefferson's circular in 1793, publicly given
and confidingly accepted. TheUnited States held
in their hands an important trust, which it was
their duty to execute with all possible fidelity. In
this state of the case we discharge and exonerate
the opposite party, as is now said, without obtain-
ing anything either for ourselves or the claimants.
We place them in such a position that they can
have no recourse to France. How can it be said
that they could not, in any event, have obtained
redress at her hands? Mr. Livingston, in his re-
port, (p. 11,) says, "Nations must not in their
' intercourse with each other be supposed capable
' of flagrant injustice. Such a principle would
' soon break all those ties by which modern civili-
• zation has united them. If the French Gov-
' ernment at that period had denied the justice of
' those claims, and asserted a right to make the
' depredations, it would not have lessened the jus-
' tice and validity of the claimants'right against the
' successors in power of those who were so regard-
' less of the laws of nations and the faith of treaties;
' and at this moment, but for the act of their own
' Government, they might appeal from the wrongs
' inflicted by Republican France to the justice and
' magnanimity of its monarchial rulers." Such an
appeal was, in fact, successfully made by the
United States from imperial to regal France; and
we obtained in 1831, by Mr. Rives's convention,
indemnities to the amount of 25,000,000 of francs,
at the hands of the latter, for the lawless depreda-
tions of the former under the celebrated Berlin and
Milan decrees.
The language of that convention is broad enough
to comprehend these spoliation claims. Some of
them were presented to the board of commis*ion«-8
sitting under that convention, but they decided
that these parties were not entitled to participate
in the fund to be distributed, for the reason that the
United States had released and discharged France
therefrom by the convention of 1800. They were
not claims against France at the date of the con-
vention of 1831. I make this statement on the
authority of the honorable Secretary of State, (Mr.
Webster.) Under snch circumstances, it is not
competent for the United States to say we made a
bad bargain—we gave up the claims for nothing.
They, by the act of discharge, placed themselves
in the shoes of France, and recourse can be had
to them now as recourse could have been had ori-
ginally to France.
3. Whether the pretensions of France were or
were not strictly valid is a question which cannot
now be made. It is enough to say she seriously
advanced such pretrnsions, and that these were
opposing claims. The release of the one, under
such circumstances, was a sufficient considera-
tion for the release of the others. You cannot
overhaul and reexamine the validity of such claims
to break up a compromise or settlement on the
principle of set-off—you cannot thus show a want
of consideration. This could not be done, as be-
tween the United and France, to hold the latter
liable for the claims. You are bound by the ad-
justment, (France would say,) and who could
deny it? May not these claimants say the same
thing to the United States, with like effect?
4. The United States regarded the pretensions
of France to be of a character to constitute a valu-
able consideration, for our envoys offered to pur-
chase or buy them off for no less than eight mil-
lions of Francs. We deem (said the United States)
your claims under the treaties invalid. You think
otherwise; therefore, being anxious for an adjust-
ment, we will pay the eight millions for them.
No! responds France. Then (says the United
States) we will purchase out your pretensions by
a surrendry of these spoliation claims. Will you
take the one in exchange for the other? Yes! re-
plies France, after much doubt and hesitation. It
is now too late for the United States to claim that
the discharge or release of France was without
consideration. Any great public object or benefit
is a sufficient motive or consideration, and the ex-
trication of the country from the toils of the
French alliance, even though the misconduct of
France had been such as to justify us in discard-
ingit, constituted such an object or benefit.
5. Nations have just as good right to purchase
their peace as individuals, and in that object alone
there is a sufficient consideration. From the ad-
justment of 1800 our Government anticipated great
advantages, and those were abundantly realized.
This will appear from the following extract from
a letter dated April 23, 1801, from Mr. Lincoln,
acting Secretary of State, to Mr. Murray:
" The beneficial effect of ratifying the convention with
France is extensively felt and generally acknowledged. On
our part it is carried into execution. Our ships-of-war are
called into port. Our trade is passing through channels
which have been obstructed, and spreading on seas which
have been infested. Our shipping and produce are in quick
demand, our former intercourse with France is restored,
and it is to be hoped you have already obtained her con-
firmation of the treaty which has in part produced these
advantages."—Doc. 102, p. 696.
6. In this case the United States secured by
the 4th and 5th articles certain collateral advan-
tages, Which in themselves constitute a sufficient
reason or motion for releasiag the claims. By the
4th we obtained a restoration of all the vessels
then in the hands of France, with their cargoes,
not definitively condemned, and by the 5th payment
and satisfaction for all the supply and embargo
cases, under the name of debts. The supply cases
were, in fact, mere contract cases; and it is a well-
settled principle of our Government, that protec-
tion is not due to such cases. The reason is, if
we were to undertake to assert the rights of our
citizens under any contract or contracts which
they may choose to make with foreign States, it
would be in their power to involve us in a war at
any time, or, at least, to expose us to the danger
of it. Hence, if they will make such contracts,
they do so at their own hazard, and must act on
their own responsibility. It is only claims for
torts or lawless violence which our Government
will prosecute. It is a remarkable fact that we,
by the convention of 1800, asserted claims to which
