134
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 16,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Claims for French Spoliations—Mr. Smith.
Senate.
our protection was not due, by sacrificing another
class of claims to which it was clearly due!
7. But I by no means admit that Prance had
violated both the treaties of 1778. Whatever
there was exceptionable in her course constituted
an infraction of the treaty of amity and commerce
only. The treaty of alliance she had fulfilled to
the letter. She stipulated therein to make common
cause with us against Great Britain; and to aid us
with her good offices, counsels, and powers, so as
to maintain effectually the liberty, sovereignty,
and independence, absolute and unlimited, of the
United States; that she would make all the efforts
in her power against the common enemy, to attain
the end proposed; that she would concur in all our
enterprises, so far as circumstances would permit,
and would not make either peace or truce with
the British Crown without our consent, nor lay
down her arms until the independence of the United
States had been formally or tacitly assured by the
treaty or treaties which should terminate the war.
All this she agreed to do without any compensa-
tion whatever; and with what a noble generosity
and magnanimity, and with what immense sacri-
fices of blood and treasure, she fulfilled them, let
the history of our revolution tell. There is not
the slightest pretence for saying that France vio-
lated the treaty of alliance. The act of annulment j
(7th July, *98) does not specify any particular
treaty. It speaks in the preamble, in general '
terms, of "treaties repeatedly violated "by France, j
and then enacts that " the stipulation of the trea- !
ties and of the consular convention * * *
shall not henceforth be regarded as legally obliga-
tory on the Government or citizens of the United :
States." It may well be doubted whether it was
really intended to comprise the treaty of alliance in
the act of 7th July, '98. But certain it is that its !
annulment, if intended, can be regarded as little I
less than a wanton act of perfidy on the part of
the United States. If there be several treaties
between the same parties, a violation of one treaty
does not justify the annulment of the others. Our
envoys advert to this subject in their letter to the
French Minister, of July 23d, 1800.—Doc. 102,
p. 613:
" To tbe still further suggestion that the laws of nations
admitted of a dissolution of treaties only by mutual con-
sent or war, it was remarked by the undersigned that their
conviction was clearly otherwise, and that Vattel in par-
ticular, the best approved of modern writers, not only held
that treaty violation by one party might, for that reason,
be renounced by the other, but that, where there were two
treaties between the same parties, one might be rendered
void in that way, and the other remain in force ; whereas
when war declares it dissolves all treaties between tbe par-
ties at the time."
From these considerations it must be apparent
that France had, at the execution of the conven-
tion of 1800, very serious claims against the United
States, under and by virtue of the 11th article of
the treaty of alliance, commonly called the article
of guarantee, the surrendry of which constituted
a sufficient consideration or benefit to our country
for the release of these spoliation claims.
8. But it is quite apparent that these claims
must be deemed to have purchased an exoneration
from the treaties, irrespective of the mutual dis-
charges of the convention of 1800. It was the
seizure and confiscation of the property of these
claimants that constituted the infractions of the
treaty of amity and commerce of which our Gov-
ernment complained, and made the basis of the
renunciation of the 7th July, 1798. In this way
the United States derived a great public benefit
from the wrongs of France—they got rid of that
exceedingly embarrassing and inconvenient treaty;
and is it not just that they should make the suffer-
ers some remuneration? If the renunciation of
both the treaties and the convention was rightful,
then the sacrifice of the property in question pro-
cured our exoneration from all, or rather laid the
foundation for such exoneration. France was
anxious to be reinstated on the principle of full
indemnity: this was frequently offered by them,
and ever rejected by us. Even after the conven-
tion was returned to Paris, amended, it was seri-
ously apprehended that she would discard it, so
that she might make indemity, and reinstate her-
self in the enjoyment of the right and immuni-
ties of the treaties. In a letter from Mr. Living- '
to Mr. Madison, under date of September 16,
-1801, (Doc. 102, p. 700) he says:
" France is greatly interested in our guarantee of their
Islands, particularly since the changes that have taken place
in the West Indies, and those which they may have still
reason to apprehend there. I do not therefore wonder at the
delay of the ratification, nor shall I be surprised if she con-
sents to purchase it by the restoration of our captured ves-
sels."
But the apprehensions of Mr. Livingston were
not realized. France ratified the convention as
amended, declaring that the retrenchment of the
2d article should operate as a release or renuncia-
tion of the respective claims of the parties. So
that we, in the first place, took benefit of the
wrongs of France to throw off the treaties and
convention, and then discharged France from all
claim on account of those wrongs, in consideration
of her releasing us from any possible right which
she might have to the treaties and convention.
Our discharge of France sanctified her acts, and
effectually appropriated private property to a great
public object. On every ground, the objection
now before us must fail, ana the obligation to in-
demnify the sufferer, at least to some extent, must
be deemed complete, unless some other reason can
be assigned than of want of consideration for the
release of France.*
But it will be said that the relations of the two
countries became belligerent, or that the war in
part existed, and that the United States, having
closed it without obtaining satisfaction, is not now
liable to the claimants. It may be admitted that
if we had in reality declared war against France
to obtain redress, had prosecuted it with proper
vigor, and had failed to obtain justice for the claim-
ants, our Government could not be justly held lia-
ble. No nation is bound to prosecute a war for an
indefinite or unreasonable period, to redress the
wrongs of its citizens. But in case of a wy de
jure et de facto, if the Government use or appro-
priate claims such as these, to secure to itself or
other citizens collateral advantages in a treaty of
peace, then it is bound to make indemnity.
But was there war? If so, it was a maritime
war; so that the belligerents would have been
found engaged in capturing each other's ships,
both public and private, armed and unarmed, as
opportunity presented. It is well known that the
United States did not authorize their cruisers to
capture the merchant vessels of France. No such
right or authority was conferred on American pri-
vateers; nor were such captures made in fact.
This would constitute a singular maritime war.
It will not be pretended that the United States
! either declared war against France, or recognized
a war as existing with that power; and the same
remark is true of France. But it will be said that
; certain acts of force were authorized by our Gov-
j ernment, which were tantamount to war. On the
! other hand, I insist that these measures were
strictly defensive in their character—did not au-
thorize indiscriminate hostilities—stopped far short
of war—and that neither party supposed war ex-
isted, and never thought of making, and did not
make a treaty of peace. I will, in the first place,
advert to the measures authorized by Congress.
Were they defensive or otherwise ? They were as
I follows:
i 1. An act more effectually to protect the com-
merce and coast of the United States, approved
May 28, 1798.—Vide Laws of the United States,
j vol. 3, p. 54.
This act only authorized the public armed ves-
sels of the United States to seize, take, and bring
into our ports, the armed vessels of France which
i had committed, or which were found hovering on
j our coast for the purpose of committing, depreda-
tions on the vessels of our citizens, or to retake
any American ship or vessel which had been cap-
j tured by any such Armed vessel.
! 2. An act to suspend commercial intercourse
between the United States and France and the de-
Eendencies thereof, approved June 13,1798.—Vide
.aws of the United States, vol. 3, p. 59.
The object of this act and many of its details are
utterly inconsistent with the idea of an existing
war between the two countries. Could our Con-
gress be so absurd as to suspend commercial inter-
course in the midst of a flagrant war?
•Note.—I am indebted to one of my colleagues of the
select committee [Hon. Mr. Bradbury] for the leading
idea here developed. He was prepared to address the Sen-
ate in support of the bill, and no doubt would have done so
to good purpose, had he not waived the privileges of the
floor on account of the evident dosire of the body to take
the question.
3. An act to authorize the defence of the mer-
chant vessels of the United States against French
depredations, approved June 25,1798.—Vide Laws
of the United States, vol. 3, p. 68.
The scope and object of this act is sufficiently
explained oy its title.
4. An act to declare the treaties heretofore con-
cluded with France no longer obligatory on the
United States, approved July 7,1798.—VideLaws
of the United States, vol. 3, page 76.
Why declare treaties no longer binding if war
existed, which every one knows dissolves or an-
nuls all treaties? This is a plain and familiar
axiom of the laws of nations.
5. An act further to protect the commerce of the
United States, approved July 9, 1798.—Vide
Laws of the United States, vol. 3, p. 76.
This act only authorizes the capture of French
armed vessels by the public and private armed
vessels of the United States, and the recapture of
American vessels which had been or should be
taken by the French. In all other respects, the
French flagcould traverse the ocean with impunity.
No reprisals were authorized. French merchant
vessels were not to be assailed anywhere.
6. An act further to suspend the commercial
intercourse between the United States and France,
and the dependencies thereof, approved February
9,1799.—Vide Laws of the United States, vol. 3,
p. 118.
This is an extension of the act of June 13,1798,
then about to expire by its own limitation, and
excludes war down to its date.
7. An act giving eventual authority to the Presi-
dent of the United States to augment the army,
approved March 2, 1799.—Vide Laws of the Uni-
ted States, vol. 3, p. 261.
This act authorizes the President, "in case tear
shall break out between the United States and a foreign
European power, or in case imminent danger of in-
vasion of territory by any such power shall, in
his opinion, be discovered to exist," to organize
and cause to be raised a certain force therein speci-
fied. Every one knows that the " European
power " referred to was France. All causes of dif-
ference between us and Great Britain had been
settled by Mr. Jay's treaty in 1794, and the con-
troversy with France was, at the date of this act,
at its height. Here, then, we have a legislative
recognition of the fact that no rupture had oc-
curred between the two countries up to the 2d of
March, 1799.
8. An act to suspend in part an act entitled "An
act to augment the Army of the United States, and
for other purposes:"
" Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That all further enlistments under the second section
of an act entitled ' An act to augment the Army of the
United States, and for other purposes,'shall be suspended
until the further order of Congress, unless, in the recess of
Congress, and during the continnance of the existing differ-
ences between the United States and the French Republic,
war shall break out between the United States and the
French Republic, or imminent danger of invasion of their
' territory by the said Republic shall, in the opinion of the
' President of the.United States, be discovered to exist."—
Approved February 20,1800.—(Vide Laws of the U. S.,
vol. 3, p. 305.)
It requires some degree of intrepidity for any -
man to claim that war existed at tne date of this
act, in face of the explicit language therein con-
i tained to the contrary; and yet it did exist then,
if at all, and had been raging more than eighteen
> months ! The collisions which occurred between
the armed vessels of the two Republics took place
before the passage of the act of the 20th Febru-
ary, but such collisions were not regarded as war
by either Government. They resulted from meas-
ures authorized by Congress, on the principle of
defence merely, and the United States did not in-
tend to transgress that line, and France well knew
that this was the American policy. r
Such were the measures adopted by the United
States. In the mean time, what did France do?
I have already said she did not declare war, nor
did she ever authorize the capture of the armed
vessels of the United States. On the contrary,
the moment we assumed a firm and resolute atti-
tude, she changed her policy and began sedulous-
ly to cultivate peaceful relations with the United
States.
On the 31st of July, 1798, the French Directory
issued a decree, in which, after reciting that "in-
