126
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 4,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
System of Appraisements—Mr. Hunter.
Senate.
can Executive with that of France, in viewing the
relations of the two countries as pacific. The
measures of the United States were defensive,
those of France conciliatory, and both sought a
return to their ancient relations of friendship and
good understanding—the United States because
their policy was peace, and France because she
dreaded a hostile combination between them and
Great Britain. At length they remove what they
often characterized as a mere " transient misun-
derstanding, " by the convention of 1800, limited,
however, to eight years. They made no treaty of
peace ; and who ever heard of a convention of
peace—and that, too, limited to eight years!—a
mere truce! Why did not the war break out
again at the end of the period limited ? and why
have the relations of the two countries been peace-
ful to the present day ? Whatever war there was
must'have been latent, of which the parties knew
nothing! Whoever looks into the subject will
find much less of war between the two Republics
than there is of aggression by those who set up
this pretence on the truth of history.
It only remains for me to notice one objection
more. It has and will be said that these claims
amount to much more than the sum stipulated in
this bill; that if anything is due the whole is due;
and that if it is our duty to pay anything, we are
bound to pay in full. Notwithstanding theprovis-
ions in this bill that the amounts to be received
shall completely exonerate the Government, it is
urged there will remain for the balance an irresist-
ible equity which Congress will be constrained,
sooner or later, to liquidate-. The answer to this
is obvious. We are not obliged to pay the full
amount, principal and interest. It is our duty to
indemnify the parties; that is to say, to make up
to them the damages they have sustained; and in
estimating these, the value of the claims as against
France is an important element. They are not,
in considering what would be a fair equivalent, to
be deemed as so much cash in hand, but as de-
mands on a foreign Government in a hazardous
situation, which, if realized at all, might not be in
full, and could only in part, after much delay,
trouble, and expense. In this view, the amount
proposed may be regarded as fair and reasonable.
But the sum named in the bill is offered to the par-
ties on the condition that it shall be in full; and if
any claimant takes his share, he agrees to the con-
dition. It will then be the case of a compromise, |
offered and accepted, which must end the whole ;
matter. The objection comes with an ill grace
from those wbo stoutly deny all liability. Their
consciences, if there should remain a balance un-
paid, will be untouched; and we who entertain
quite opposite opinions proffer our cooperation to {
protect the treasury. |
I have thus, I trust, shown conclusively that
the United States are bound to make some indem-
nity to these claimants. In view of the facts and
considerations developed, can there be a doubt as
to what the result would be were it competent
for the parties to file a bill in equity against the
Government? Indeed, our national responsibility
in this regard has already been pronounced by the
highest juridical authority, and I produce here the
record:
" Colombia, January 39,1844.
" Sir : 1 have this moment received your letter of the
84th instant, inquiring of me concerning Judge Marshall's
opinion on the claims for French spoliations anterior to
1800.
" When that subject was under discussion in the Senate
some years since, as a member of the committee to which
it bad been given in charge, I bestowed no little pains in
the investigation of it; and, as I believe it will huppen to
every one that does so, I became thoroughly satisfied of the
justness of the claims.
" While they were under discussion in the Senate, they
happened to be the subject of conversation between Mr.
Leigh, Mr. Calhoun, and myself, one evening in our mess
parlor, when Judge Marshall stepped in, and having over-
heard, or being informed of the subject of conversation,
asked to share in it, saying that, having been connected
with the events of that period, and conversant with the cir-
cumstances under which the claims arose, he was, from his
own knowledge, satisfied that there was the strongest obli-
gation on the Government to compensate the sufferers by
the French spoliations. He gave a succinct statement of
the leading facts, and the principles of law applicable to
them, in so precise and lucid a way that it seemed to me a
termination of the argument by a judicial decision. It was
apparent from his manner tiiat he felt an interest in the in-
triith,i0n °f *1'8 °P'n'oni arising ftom deep conviction of its
" ' n>°51 heartily desire that the long-delayed and very
inadequate justice now proposed to these unfortunate claim-
ants will be made this session.
" I am, dear sir, your obedient servant,
" WILLIAM C. PRESTON.
" James H. Cacsten, Esq., Washington."
[Vide Appendix to Mr. Clayton's speech, delivered in the
Senate April 23d and Ah, 1846.]
The obligation then being perfect, why should
it not be met at once. These claimants have long
been looking to us for redress. Most of the ori-
ginal parties have gone down to the grave; and
with respect to the remnant, they years since real-
ized the well-known truth that " hope deferred
maketh the heart sick." I find in one of the city
papers of this morning the subjoined striking and
painful incident; it should arrest the attention of
the Senate:
" Singular Coincidence.—The newspapers yesterday
announced the death of Colonel Kenderton Smith, a public-
spirited citizen, whose life was usefully employed, and who
was generally esteemed by his friends and acquaintances.
It was only a week or two back that Colonel Smith, who
was interested iu Congress passing the bill of indeinity for
French spoliations previous to 1 BOO, in a conversation in
this office, remarked, at that time appearing in good health,
that the measure ought to have been passed years ago.
' We have been waiting,' he said, ' tor years for justice,
and Congress ought either to pass the bill or reject it. All
of us who have claims will be dead before it will ever be
passed.' There is something almost prophetic in these
words. Yesterday the death of Colonel Smith was an-
nounced ; and Congress was yesterday to take up the bill
alluded to, though the proceedings do not mention whether
they did anything with the bill or not."—Philadelphia
Ledger.
Many of the claimants besides Colonel Smith
have recently been required to submit to the inex-
orable law of our nature. I can recollect several
with whom I had the honor to correspond when
I had charge of the subject in the House in 1846,
among them Leman Stone, esq., of Derby, Con-
necticut, who shortly after died at the advanced
age of ninety. I regret I have mislaid his letter;
otherwise I would produce it. I am sure it would
make a deep impression on the Senate. This
morning I met in this Chamber an aged gentle-
man, formerly a citizen of Alexandria, who was
a sufferer to the amount of $50,000, and who ad-
dressed me almost in the accents of despair. He
feared, with Colonel Smith, that he and other
original claimants would "all be dead" before
Congress would pass the bill. He could not doubt
the justice of the Senate. This body had done its
duty; but he was obviously apprehensive that
non-action elsewhere, as heretofore, might blight
his hopes. But I must believe that the hour for pro-
crastination has gone by, until the event proves
me to be wrong.
If, however, contrary to every appeal and every
effort, this subject shall be thrown over to another
Congress, shall we not be in danger of incurring
all the infamy of repudiation ? Indeed, I consider
the infidelity of some of our States to their engage-
ments, which has given occasion to so much re-
mark, as nothing, in comparison with the injustice
and perfidy which these transactions disclose. To
deny all relief, or even to postpone it, I shall deem
an inaffaceable blot on our national escutcheon,
and a crying reproach to the American name and
character.
SYSTEM OF APPRAISEMENTS.
SPEECH OF MR. HUNTER,
OF VIRGINIA,
In the Senate, February 4, 1851,
On the bill to amend the acts to regulate the ap-
praisement of Imported Merchandise.
The Senate having under consideration the bill entitled
" An act to amend the acts regulating the appraisement of
imported merchandise, and for other purposes"—
Mr. HUNTER said:
Mr. President: Before the vote is taken I wish
to say a few words in explanation of the amend-
ment. The question now before the Senate is the
amendment of the Committee on Finance to the
bill of the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Win-
throp.] This amendment is in fact a substitute,
but it preserves the leading feature of that bill. It
provides for the appointment of appraisers at large
with functions somewhat different from those pro-
posed in the original bill, but contains other mat-
ters rendered necessary by a late decision of the
Supreme Court. The first section of the amend-
ment provides that in ascertaining the foreign value
of goods, the appraisers shall take the value of
the goods at the place from which they were last
imported, and according to their price at that time.
This first section is drawn in the words of the cor-
responding section of the act of 1842, except that
it substitutes the time and place of importation for
the " time of purchase." The section in fact gives
the force of law to the circular issued by Secre-
tary Walker, in relation to valuations under the act
of 1846, a circular which has been adhered to by the
various Secretaries of the Treasury who have suc-
ceeded him. Such, indeed, has been the constant
practice under the act of 1846, since it has been
passed, up to this period. But during the course of
the last year this circular was brought under judicial
revision. Judge Woodbury, sitting in a case in
Boston, (Greely vs. Thompson and Forman,)
overruled that circular, and his opinion has been
recently sustained by the Supreme Court.' The
result will be that hereafter, unless we legislate in
relation to the subject, the foreign value of goods
will be computed at the time of the procurement
or purchase, or at the place of purchase and time
of importation, and not at the time and place of
importation, as has been heretofore done, and is
now proposed. This would give rise to a great
inequality, and open a door, perhaps a very wide
door, to fraud. All men experienced in regard to
this matter testify alike. All the Secretaries of the
j Treasury, Mr. Walker, Mr. Meredith, Mr. Cor-
J win, were of the same opinion in regard to the
i mode in which the foreign value should be com-
; puted. And when we come to look at the effect
of substituting the value at the time and place of
purchase, for that time and place which this bill
proposes, and Mr. Walker's circular required, we
find that it throws open a very wide door to fraud,
and is calculated to drive the importing business
into the hands of foreign merchants, thus discrim-
inating in favor of foreign and against our own
importers.
If you adopt the principle laid down by the Su-
preme Court, the same ship might bring a cargo
from the same place and deliver it at the same port.
But one part of this cargo having been purchased
when the vessel sailed, and the other before, say
thirty days, as was done with the iron in the case
of Thompson and Forman, and the same article
purchased at different times, but delivered at the
same moment, would be subject to different rates of
duty. This would not only produce a great in-
equality between man and man, but would often
afford an opportunity and temptation for fraud,
and make it very difficult for the appraisers to as-
certain what was the precise value of these goods
at the time designated by law for their estimation.
Let us take, by way of illustration, the case of
port wine in the warehouses of London. Wine
may have been kept there improving, and after
having been kept two or three years, the importer,
according to this decision, would have to pay duty
for it according to its value at the time of pur-
chase when it was new, and thus, although he
sold the old article, he would have a great advant-
age over another importer who bought the article
out of the warehouse and paid for it the value at
the time of importation.
Again: if we were to adopt such a principle of
valuation as this, the manufacturer would, in very
many instances, have the advantage in carrying
on the import trade with our own country, and
would probably possess himself of the largest
share, for such a mode of valuation would dis-
criminate in his favor. The manufacturer who
• has a great quantity of goods on hand, and can
wait, when the market is glutted, until they rise
; in value, according to this decision, could send
| them over here and pay duty for them according
! to their value at the time of procurement, or by a
| fictitious sale transfer them to some consignee, or
I man of straw, at a date when prices were lower.
He would thus have an advantage over the Ameri-
can importer, which would, to a great extent,
throw the business of importation into his hands.
Sir, to show that I am not singular in this opin-
ion, I beg leave to read an extract from Mr.
Walker's circular in relation to this matter. In
laying down his exposition of the law which he
thought required goods to be valued in the same
manner as the first section of this amendment
provides, and in arguing against this other system
