1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
127
31st Cong 2d Sess.
System of Appraisements—Mr. Hunter.
Senate.
which will be introduced by the decision of the
Supreme Court, he says:
" Were it otherwise, the law would prescribe two kinds
of market values, the one in the first part of the 10th sec-
tion, beiug the date of the purchase, and the other in the
proviso, being the date of shipment. The most enormous
fraud? also would be the consequence of such construction.
Simulated, fictitious, and antedated purchases, to suit the
period of lowest price, would prevail extensively, to the
greai injury of the fair trader and of the revenue. In truth,
under such system, the whole importing business would
§oon be thrown into the hands of the dishonest and fraudu-
lent, who would be willing to produce antedated or ficti-
tious foreign sales, and that most useftil and meritorious cit-
izen, the honest aud fair trader, would be thrown entirely
out of the market. It is known at present—at the com-
mencement of this proposed system—that even where the
purchases are not deemed by the parties fraudulent, the
person designing to import into the United States goes to
some prior purchaser, who has purchased, not for importa-
tion into the United States, at some prior date when the
goods were much lower in value, and imports the goods in
the name of the first purchaser, consenting to give a certain
profit or price on the delivery here, and thus deprives the
revenue of the difference in value, and obtainsamostunjust
advantage over the fair trader, who will resort to no such
artifices. It is the duty of this Department to declare that
Mich a practice is a fraud upon the revenne, and subjects
the goods to seizure and confiscation, and the parties com-
mitting the fraud to all the penalties prescribed by law; and
the utmost vigilance is enjoined upon collectors, appraisers,
and all other officers of the customs, in taking all proper
measures to detect and punish all who are engaged in such
fraudulent practices."
I know it is the opinion of the present Secretary
of the Treasury that these views, taken by Mr.
Walker in regard to the probable effects of estab-
lishing such a mode of valuation as that now pro-
posed, were correct. The Secretary believes that
unless we pass this bill there will be ruin to the
best interests of the revenue, and that it will be
•almost impossible without it to execute the law
fairly. But this is not the only difficulty pro-
duced by overruling- the circular of which I have
been speaking. According to the act of 1823,
goods purchased elsewhere than the place of im-
portation must be valued according to their price
at the place of purchase at the time of importation.
Need I comment upon the intrinsic difficulty of
such a mode of valuation ?
The decision of which I have been speaking
makes an additional amendment necessary to the
bill which has been reported by the Committee on
Finance. The Supreme Court have decided that
it is the duty of the appraisers themselves to ex-
amine and appraise goods and personally to in-
spect them. In so doing, they have made it ab-
solutely impossible, with the present corps of offi-
cers, that the goods can be appraised and inspected
with sufficient dispatch for the purpose of com-
merce. According to the present practice, and
according to the unbroken usage, as I understand,
of the Department for some time past, (ever since
the act of May 30, 1830,) the appraisers appoint
clerks called " examiners"—men who are skilled
in the examination of particular articles. One ex-
amines silks, another cottons, another woolens,
&c., and when this examination is brought in, the
appraisers certify to it, and that is the certificate
of appraisement which has been heretofore taken
as evidence of the value, and which the amend-
ment now proposed will deem to be sufficient. Is
anything to be gained by requiring the appraisers
personally to inspect the goods ? Nothing that I
can see. If the appraiser were to inspect all the
goods personally, it is impossible that his opinion
could oe so reliable as that of the examiners,
amongst whom these duties are parcelled out on
account of their special skill and knowledge of the
subject. To snow the necessity of such an
amendment as that of which I speak, I may refer
to Judge Woodbury himself, who delivered the
opinion of the Supreme Court in Greely vs.
Thompson and Forman, and who, having been
himself an eminent head of the Treasury Depart-
ment, was familiar with the working of our rev-
enue system. He said:
" If officers enough to perform these public duties do not
eYist, more should be authorized, or their duties to examine
in person should be dispensed with by an act of Congress."
It would be much better, it seems to me, to
dispense with these duties by an act of Congress,
as will be proposed by an amendment which I
shall presently offer, than to increase the number
of officers. So much for that portion of the amend-
ment which relates to the manner in which the
foreign valuation is to be taken.
There is another section which provides for the
appointment of four appraisers at large. It is pro- '
J vided that this board of appraisers at large shall
![ execute such duties of appraisement as the Secre-
tary of the Treasury may direct. It is also pro-
vided that one of them may go to such port as the
Secretary of the Treasury may designate, and
there, in conjunction with one rn^rchant appraiser,
try all cases of appeal in relation to the valuation
of goods. Heretofore these cases of appeal have
been tried by two merchant appraisers; and when
they differed the collector was to decide. For the
purpose of giving uniformity to the system be-
tween port and port, and for the purpose of
correcting frauds from false invoices and under-
valuations, it is believed that a change to this
| extent in the system of appraisement will operate
most beneficially, secure to a great degree a fair
! execution of our revenue laws, and give uniformity
in its operations as between port and port.
And here, Mr. President, let me say, and I think
I should say it in justice to the character of our
1 merchants, in justice to this law of 1846, that I
think great misapprehension exists in relation to
the frauds which are said to be committed on the
revenue by false invoices. I believe they have
been greatly exaggerated, not by design, but by
mistake. When we come to look at the statistics
of the case, and the very facts upon which the
■ Secretary of the Treasury relies to draw the con-
clusion of fraud; when we look at the nature of
our system of appraisements, it would seem to be
■ impossible that there could have been this large
amount of frauds from false invoices and under-
valuations. In the first place, let us look to our
system and see what penalties he encounters, and
how difficult it is for the merchant to deceive to
any very great extent. He has to swear to his
invoices, and if evidence is produced of a false in-
voice, not only is he deemed guilty of perjury, but
he loses the goods; and, as the officers share part
of the forfeiture, they will be constantly on the
alert to detect every attempt at fraud. In the
second place, these appraisers examine the in-
voices, and they compare the invoice price with
the foreign price at the ports from which the goods
! come, and if they find the foreign price more
i than ten per cent, above the import price, the
1 merchant importing them forfeits twenty per cent,
in addition to the duty which he will have to
pay. But this is not nil. The collector, if he sus-
pects that the individual is acting fraudulently,
may levy the duty in kind; that is, if it is a twenty
per cent, duty, he may take twenty out of every
hundred packages, and sell them for the benefit of
the Government.
When we look to the history of our legislation
we see conclusive evidence that the system of ap-
praisement has been improving and increasing in
efficiency. We see some of the strongest and
most indisputable marks of the greater accuracy
which experience has given to our methods of
appraisement. Under the act of 1823 it was pro-
1 vided that if the difference between the appraised
1 value and the invobe price was more than twenty-
five per cent., the importer should forfeit fifty per
[ cent. It was at that day supposed that if the dif-
ference between the appraised value and the in-
voice price was twenty-five per cent, there was a
clear evidence of fraud. But within that rate the
law presumed he might be innocent. In 1842
i this limit was reduced, (perhaps it was reduceed
sooner, but I do not now recollect any earlier pro-
I vision to this effect,) and a difference of more than
j ten per cent, was considered an evidence of fraud. 1
I This shows the greater degree of accuracy which ;
; the appraisers had acquired from long habit and
, experience; it shows the greater approach to per- ;
j fection of the system; it shows how small a margin
| is left for error in this respect, and how small is
the inducement to fraud, since the probable gain
! can generally be only a little more than twenty per
cent, upon less than ten per cent, of the real value
of the goods. Indeed, according to Mr. Corwin's
own table, the advances on the invoices which
were under ten per cent, constitute more than
three times as many as all the others in New York I
when put together. Under these circumstances '
then, I say, it would be unreasonable to suppose
there could be a great many of these frauds com-
mitted.
Let us take the table which the Secretary of the
Treasury himself has given us, in which there is
a list of invoices " marked up," as it is technical-
! i
ly called. He has given us a list of the invoices
marked up, with the rate of the advances made.
The advances under ten per cent, constitute by-
far the larger amount. The total amount of ad-
vances at New York and Boston under ten per
cent, were three thousand and seventy-three, while
those above that rate amounted only to nine hun-
dred and ninety-five, or the invoices not exceed-
ing ten per cent, are more than three times as
many as those beyond that proportion.
But the Secretary has not discriminated in this
table between those invoices which were " marked
up" by merchants and those which were advanced
by the appraisers.
The act of 1846 allows a merchant, if he has
reason to believe he bought his goods at more
than ten per cent, below the market value, to
mark his goods up to that value, for the purpose
of avoiding the forfeiture. The law does not pre-
sume such an act to be fraud. If it did it would
not give that permission. Indeed, that provision
of the act of 1846 arose out of the fact that much
experience had shown its necessity, in order to
protect sometimes an honest importer from an
undeserved penalty. Before this act the merchant,
if he were honest, had to produce his invoice, and
if that showed that he bought his goods, as often •
happened, more than ten per cent, below the ap-
praised value, he incurred a forfeiture. This oc-
curred so often that the Secretary frequently had
to remit the forfeiture, under a power vested in
him by the act of May, 1830, on its being proved
that there was no design to deceive. Now, the
Secretary does not tell us how many of these
cases, in the table to which I have referred, were
cases where goods were marked up by the im-
porter himself, nor does he show how many the
appraisers advanced.
But take it either way; suppose they were
marked up by the appraisers, does it riot show the
sagacity, the alertness and fidelity with which our
public officers discharge their duty in relation to
these matters ? When we come to see the great
majority of cases in which the advances were less
than ten per cent, we cannot avoid the conclusion
that it is very difficult to deceive our officers, and
that their scrutiny is so close and so accurate as to
detect any small differences between the invoice
and the market price. I take, then, Mr. Presi-
dent, this very table to prove the sagacity, energy,
and fidelity with which our officers discharge their
duties and detect error or fraud.
But the Secretary also furnishes us with a table
of wines and spirits, in which he shows the aver-
age price of wines and spirits imported under
specific duties and the average price of the same
articles under ad valorem duties. From this it
appears that the average value of the wine import-
ed was much higher under the system of specific
duties than under that of ad valorems. But that
fact does not prove fraud. It proves precisely
what the friends of the ad valorem system pre-
dicted would take place. It proves that under the
system of high specific duties the consumption of
the article is confined to the wealthier classes and
to tne Higher priced varieties; while under the ad
valorem the poorer and more numerous classes are
enabled to consume much larger amounts of the
cheaper kinds of the same article. Let us take
the article of Madeira wine, for example, which
figures so largely in this table. On this the specific
duty was 60 cents. The average price under that
specific duty for the nine months ending June 30,
1843, was |2 29 per gallon; for the year ending
June 30, 1844, $1 82. After the specific duty had
been done away with and an ad valorem of 40 per
cent, substituted, the price was reduced. It was
for the year ending June 30, 1848, 41 cents; for
the year ending June 30, 1849, 48 cents; and for
the year 1850, 54 cents per gallon.
We thus see that under the high specific duty
the rich man who consumed wines at $2 29 per
gallon did not pay even forty per cent, of ad valo-
rem, but under that system the wine at forty-eight
cents per gallon would have been taxed more than
one hundred per cent., and thus placed beyond
the reach of the more numerous and poorer classes.
But under an ad valorem as high even as forty per
cent., this article was placed within the reach of
the poorer consumers, and the revenue itself was
thus greatly increased. This fact, then, so much
relied upon as an evidence of fraud, is rather •
