198
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 4,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
System of Appraisements—Mr. Hunter.
Senate.
proof of the fairer operation of the ad valorem
system, not only for the purposes of revenue, but
also in the distribution of personal and individual
comfort.
This relative operation of the systems of spe-
cific and ad valorem duties is by no means a new
subject of discussion; and this difference has been
used heretofore as an argument in favor of the lat-
ter mode of raising revenue. This subject, too,
has been discussed in more countries than one. If
you take up almost any modern book on the
English system of finance, you will find they dis-
cuss the operation of the high specific duty upon
French wine in diminishing the revenue, and ex-
cluding the poorer classes from the enjoyment of
an innocent article of consumption. Such is the
precise argument of Mr. Porter in favor of lower
duties. He says " the consumption then would
be much increased, and a great addition would be
made to the innocent enjoyments of the people."
I repeat, then, Mr. President, that this table, so
far from proving fraud on the part of the importer,
is to be taken rather as evidence of the improve-
ment in the operation of our revenue laws under
the ad valorem system. I
But there is a test of the accuracy of our ap- ; i
praisments which, in my opinion, is more certain i
still than any yet referred to. The Secretary of M
the Treasury has given us a table of imports and jj
exports for a period of twenty-nine years and !!
nine months, from 1821 to 1850. If you take the ; I
sum of the imports consumed in this country and 1
of the specie brought in, and deduct from that the ,
sum of the domestic exports of this country and 1
the exports of specie, the difference between the ,
two will represent the share of the profits on the i
export trade and the share of the freights which
we receive. I say this excess of imports repre-
sents these elements, because our imports are
valued in the foreign market. Now, if we take t
periods of time, and show that this excess of im-
ports over exports is greater at one period than
at another, greater under one tariff than under an-
other, it shows one of two things—either that our
share of the freights and profits upon exports was
greater when the excess of imports was greatest,
or else that the imports were more fairly appraised,
and estimated more nearly according to their true
value during that period. I say more nearly accord-
ing to their true value, because there is no danger
of error from over-valuation. That such an excess
must indicate one of these two facts is not to be
doubted, unless we were to suppose, what is known
not to be so, that, in addition to other things, we
had imported securities from abroad, which not
appearing on the custom-house books, rendered it
impossible to institute a comparison between the
imports of different periods.
Now, sir, I have taken the trouble of going into
this calculation for the purpose of seeing how it
works. I find that, calculating upon this princi-
ple, (see table at end of speech,) for a period of
twenty-nine years and nine months, our share of
, the profits upon the export trade, together with
our share of the freights, amounts to about 9 8-10
per cent.; but we find this does not represent the
whole of those profits when we come to look a
little more closely into the statistics of the period.
During these twenty-nine years a large amount of
gold was produced in this country, and during
that period there was a steady current of specie
setting in to our shores—or, in other words, an
excess of the importation of specie over the ex-
portation from this country. The presumption is,
that we could not have exported -our own gold
while importing that of others. We should add
then to the specie item what we produced. That
is to be added, because it differs from the other
E reductions of labor, in respect to its capacity for
eing accumulated in unequal proportions by dif-
ferent countries. It is the common property of
the world. It flows through all the avenues of
commerce, and seeks a common level amongst the
nations of the earth who use it as a currency, each
nation having precisely the proportion due to the
relations between its export and import trade, pre-
cisely the proportion which the course of exchange
has given it. It matters not, then, whether you
import seventy millions, and add to it forty-seven
millions produced at home, or whetheryou import
o le hundred and seventeen millions. Either result
would demonstrate the same fact in the course of
trade, and indicate the relations between our ex-
ports and imports. The amount, then, of gold
produced here, should be added to show the profits i
of trade. Making the calculations upon that basis, ;
we shall find, during the period of twenty-nine ;
years and nine mollis, that we must add 1 8-10 per
cent., which will make the whole profits 11 6-10
per cent. Now, I take three years under the tariff
of 1846—the years 1847, 1848, and 1849—to see
how, upon that principle, it would compare with
the whole period, and I find that the excess of im-
ports, without reference to the specie produced in
this country, would give 7 3-10 per cent., and
when we add the production of specie we have
15 9-10 per cent.; thus showing the great increase of
profit, or else the greater accuracy of appraisement
in these three years, as compared with the whole
period of twenty-nine years and nine months.
Then I take three years under the tariff of 1842—
the years 1844, 1845, and 1846—and I find that
the whole excess of imports consumed, and of
specie over the domestic exports, and the export ;
of specie without reference to the gold produced
here, was only 2 6-10 per cent.,ana adding to it
specie produced, would make it a little short of i
four per cent. And what is the conclusion to be j
drawn from this result? That under the tariff of
1842 we had a very small portion of the freights j
and profits upon the export trade, or that there were
great frauds upon the revenue, and a great many
goods smuggled into our ports. And, in point of
fact I have no doubt that such was the case. Un-
der that tariff I believe that goods were smuggled
in to a very large extent, and under the present
tariff goods probably have been more fairly val-
ued, and there have been fewer frauds on the rev-
enue than in any period during the whole twenty-
nine years and nine months. I draw, then, from
the tables of the Secretary very different conclu-
sions from those which he intended to prove by
them.
I do not mean to say, Mr. President, that no
frauds are committed on the revenue now; I have
argued to prove that they were probably exagger-
ated; but there can be no doubt that there are
frauds practised in relation to duties. Frauds are
probably committed, and it is desirable to dimin-
ish them. For, although I believe the proportion-
ate amount of frauds is growing smaller and small-
er, and although I believe our system of appraise-
ment is growing more and more perfect, yet I wish
to do everything that I can to reduce the number
of frauds to the minimum point. I am willing to
do everything to carry out the tariff of 1846 fairly,
and without fraud, inequality, or injustice to any.
I believe that the establishment of appraisers
general would diminish the frauds that arise from
under-valuations, and would be especially useful in
producing more uniformity between the different
ports. These appraisers would constitute a much
better tribunal for the trial of cases of appeals than I
two merchant appraisers, who of course would be
above humanity if they did not lean towards those
of their own class. They often have to act, too,
under personal temptation, as when they decide
on matters in which, although they had not any 1
particular interest, yet they would be establishing
a rule by which very soon they would have to pay
duties themselves. j!
There is another point of view in which I be- j
lieve this board of appraisers would be eminently
useful. One of the evils which is complained of,
and which I think ought to be remedied, and
which I believe this provision will remedy, is a
want of uniformity in the action of our revenue
system as between port and port. I know that
great complaints have been made on this head. !
Reference was made in the report of the Secretary
to the four cargoes of pimento brought in at the
same time and from the same place; one to Bos- |
ton, one to New York, one to Philadelphia, and :
one to Baltimore. The appraisers exchanged
opinions in relation to them, and got something ,!
like uniformity in three of the ports; but when i
they came to Baltimore, the merchant appraisers j
said they had a right to deliver their opinion on 11
the appeal which should be final and conclusive, j
They did so, and appraised the cargo at a some- i |
what lower value than it had been appraised in
the other ports. There are great complaints, as I
said before, on this head. If these merchant ap-
praisers produce a difference in favor of their own
port by under-valuation, however small, it will
have the effect, if it be constant, of changing to
some extent the course of commerce in favor of
their own city. It is too much, then, to expect
them to be strictly impartial, and if we can consti-
tute a more disinterested tribunal we ought to do it.
Such is the tribunal we wish now to appoint.
The merchant is to be represented upon it by a
merchant appraiser, and the Government is to be
represented by one of the appraisers at large. If
there be a difference between the two the collector
decides, as he now decides when the merchant
appraisers differ. In order to insure this uni-
formity, these appraisers are to exchange; they
are to go to one port at one time and to another
at a different time. They are to act under such
regulations as the Secretary of the Treasury may
prescribe, not inconsistent with the law and in
obedience to the command of the law.
Looking, then, to the constitution and functions
of this board, and for the reasons which I have
given, I believe that it is important that these ap-
praisers should be granted. I am the more anx-
ious to do it, because the Secretary of the Treas-
ury himself says that without this board he does
not think he can execute the revenue system of
1846 upon the foreign valuation fairly, uniformly,
and equally. It would be enough for me if he de-
sired it, as he has to execute the law, and the ad-
ditional expense would be small. It would be
enough for me were he to say, " I think, if you
do this, I can execute your law; I prefer another
system, but if you will give me the means, I will
endeavoi1 to execute the law fairly; I think I can
execute it fairly with this assistance, without it
I fear I cannot.'' Even if I differed in opinion
in relation to the efficiency of these means, under
such circumstances 1 would say to him, take your
board of appraisers, take the meanB you feel to be
necessary in order to execute the law fairly, and I
will vote it cheerfully. But I concur in opinion
with the Secretary, that it would aid him materi-
ally to appoint these appraisers, and organize them
as is proposed.
I will not detain the Senate longer, as I am anx-
ious to have action upon the bill as speedily as
possible; but I will offer the amendments which I
have indicated, and, so far as I am concerned,
close the discussion at this point.
So much as I have said it was perhaps proper
to say, that my action upon this matter might be
placed upon its true grounds, and not be supposed
to rest upon the admission that there had been or
were likely to be more frauds under the present
tariff than any other which we have had.
[table before referred to.]
Period from 1821 to 1850—29 years nine months.
Imports consumed at home $2,712,451,925
Exports of domestic produce  2,534,106,282
Imports of bullion and
specie $263,449,873
Exports  193,390,048
178,345,643
70,059,825
Excess of imports  $248,405,468
Which, upon the exportation of domestic prod-
uce, makes 9.8 per cent.
Total production of gold in the United States
during that period of twenty-nine years nine
months, was $46,922,937; which on whole ex-
ports during that period was 1.8 per cent., which
added to 9.8 makes 11.6.
Period of 1844,1845, 1846, under tariff of 1842.
Imports consumed $312,038,948
Domestic exports  299,705,146
Deduct excess of exports of specie.
12,333,802
4,287,574
8,046,228
Which is about 2.6 per centum on exports of
domestic produce for that period.
Gold produced in that period $3,131,156, or 1.04
per cent, on exports, which added to 2.6 makes
3.6 per cent.
Period of 1848, 1849, 1850, under tariff of 1846.
Imports consumed, exclusive of spe-
cie $437,249,043
