130
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 9,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Land Titles in California—Mr. Groin,
Senate.
ore having title, ami the vacant part*, if any, to the muni-
cipal or town amiiontios, except such ports m may he
required for military purposes within the united States, and
with this reserve or exception, all the residue of the said
four leagues square shall he confirmed to the city, town,
Tillage, or pueblo, according to the tk instruction and de-
creeofthe Captain General of the Internal Provinces of the
West, dated at Chihuahua, and directed to the commandant
at Monterey, of Upper California," and the four leagues
square confirmed to San Francisco yhail be measured south
tor its quantity.
Sec. 6. be it further enacted, That the grants
made by General Kearny nt San Francisco shall be, and
hereby are confirmed, s*> far as the United States are con-
cerned, aad without prejudice to individuals, and ail the
reserves made for the Government o~ the United State?,
except such a« sl'nll be nee.lod formihtarv purposes, or ne-
cessary public buiidinjjs. shall be. and the same hereby are
granted to the said city of San Francisco.
Sec. 7. he it further enacted, That all other grants
made by any officers under the civ:! or military Government
©'' the United States  ince the conquest of the country shall
,he, and the same l erehy are reserved for the future decis-
ion of Congress ; and it ah all be the duty of the recorder of
land titles to make a special rcpoit thereon, directed to the
Commissioner of thr General Land Office as soon as prac-
ticable, to lie by him hud before the Secretary of die Inte-
rior, and communicated to Congress.
Sec. 8. Jlnd be it further einirtetl, That, on the trial of
any scire facias to try the validity of a claim, the decision
of the court shall be conclusive i>i favor of the claimant in
every case, except in case* in which John Charles Fre-
mont may be a claimant; and in all ea^es in which he may
be a claimant, an appeal may be taken in favor of the United
States to the Supreme Court of the United States, and in
all decisions against the claimants an appeal may in like
manner be tak^n to the Supreme Court.
Sec. 9. Jlndhtit further enactcd, That the recorder of
hud titles on receiving notice of each claim shall lay down
the same conjectural!}-, according to the daiin, on district
maps, to be constructed by Mm ; and, a^soon as confirmed,
shall order the same to be duly surveyed according to the
confirmation.
Sac. 10. Jind he it further enacted, That the recorder of
land titles shall keep his office at tlie seat of government of
the State, but tfiall repair to the principal cities, towns, and
settlement*, on due and public notice, to receive notices and
evidences of claims.
Sac. 31, Jfnrifcc it further enacted, And the said recorder
of land titles shall be avowed a salary of thousand
dollars per annum, and twenty cents a mile for all neces-
sary traveling, and also shaH be allowed a clerk, who shall
receive a salary of —■ ■■ thousand dollars per annum, and
the same mileage, and ten cents per hundred words on all
papers recorded or copies given out. And the district at-
torney shall be allowed one thoa«and dollars per annum,
and twenty cents per mile for his necessary traveling under
thii act, in addition to his other compensation.
The first section of this bill requires the recorder,
who is to be the archivero, to call in for record all
the evidences of land titles in California, to record
the same, to return the originals, except where
simulation or forgery is suspected by that officer,
and, where there may be no written evidence ex-
tant of the original claim, to receive and record a
written statement of it; the second section declaring
it to be the duty of all claimants to come forward^
whether deriving title from the authorities before
the conquest " or by an American officer since the
conquest."
Here we have, as a prelude to a general recog-
nition of titles, a call for thepresentation of claims,
valid and invalid. Now, in this stageof the case,
let us take a plain common-sense view of the mat-
ter.
The estimated surface of the State of California
is 188,981 square miles, or 120,947,840 acres, with
a seacoast of 970 miles, about the average length
of the State from north to south. Over this ex-
tent of territory, claimants are desired, when the
recorder on his tour of duty shall make his ap-
Eearance, to come forward; and when ? No time
xed, no proposed statutory requirement making
it obligatory upon them to appear,but all general,
indefinite, and uncertain. The doctrine of limita-
tion, which obtains in every regularly organized
community, to quiet and give certainty to titles,
is entirely disregarded, and we are to be left with
claims hanging over us, like the sword of Damo-
cles, to fall perhaps when least expected, upon the
innocent and unsuspecting settler or occupant, who
by his labor and industry may have given value to
land for which he had reason to suppose he could
get a title from his Government. How long would
the landed property of individuals and the public
domain in California be held in suspense by such
a project ? Can arty mortal on the face of the
earth divine? Has any seer prescience enough to
answer ? What does the experience of the past
teach us on the subject ? Why, it tells us that a por-
tion of them perhaps would come forward within a
reasonable time; that others at different and distant
intervals would make their appearance; and that
half a century or more to come would find claims
' slumbering and unsettled, after generations shall
have passed away. Here, in this Capitol, whilst
I am now speaking, suits on appeal are pending
before the Supreme Court for the settlement of
immense claims in Louisiana, Alabama, Missis-
| sippi, Missouri, and Arkansas, some of which,
although fifty years have elapsed since their origin,
had never before been brought to the notice of our
Government, until suit for their adjustment was
instituted under the act of Congress passed in
1844. How long, then, would this scheme have
us linger in despair for the settlement of our titles?
Why, there is absolutely nothing like it in the an-
nals of the human race. It scouts the doctrine of
limitation, everywhere recognized, which requires
deeds to be recorded within a specific time. I say
there is nothing like it in the annals of mankind,
> not even if we go back with the learned Senator to
the days of William the Norman, seven hundred
and seventy years ago; for even the commissioners
appointed by the Conqueror prepared within a pe-
I riod of six years, a register containing an exact
I account of all the landed property.of the kingdom,
I that register being called the " Doomsday Book;"
which, the historian informs us, is " the most val-
, liable piece of antiquity possessed by any nation."
No such work as that would be accomplished,
according to the Senator's plan, in sixty, rnScli
less six years; and it may indeed be dcftibted
whether half a dozen generations to come would
see the end of it. During all this delay the Gov-
ernment cannot with safety survey and sell a single
acre of public land. The separation of public
from private property will not nave been effected
1 in that certain, summary, "and lawful manner
| which the treaty of 1848 with Mexico contem-
i plates, and which the people of California have a
] right to expect and demand.
| But the mischief and pernicious consequences
of the bill do not end with its uncertainty and in-
definiteness as to the period of bringing the regis-
! tration of titles to a close. It invites by its first
section claims to come in under a written state-
ment of their particulars upon a plea that the ori-
ginal grants are not extant. A principle like this
would have a tendency to open the flood-gates of
iniquity, and inundate the whole country with
spurious and fictitious claims, not only wresting
from the Government the choicest, most valuable
spots necessary for coast protection by fortifica-
tions, light-houses, depAt stations, (fee., but honest
j! valid claims derived from Mexico and Spain, and
the numerous equities, individual, and municipal,
which have grown up since the change of Govern-
ment, would run the risk of being flooded with
, Conflicts, and plunged into a sea of litigation and
( difficulties.
The seftond section of the Senator's plan calls
for the recording of all claims derived from the
; Spanish, Mexican, orCalifornian authorities before
the conquest " or by any American officer since the
conquest."
ij I had heretofore occasion to comment upon this
|1 extraordinary provision in connection with the
I terms of the Senator's seventh section, and at the
i same time to express my views respecting the
! mission claims.
( I presume that no one will stand up here to con-
, tend that claims derived from American officers
who were utterly without authority of law to make
j grants of public lands, should, in the recording
jj process, be placed in this way upon an equal foot-
] j ing with ancient valid titles derived from the former
! sovereignties, and protected by express treaty stip-
ulations. The most obvious principles of right
suggest that the two classes of claims, bearing no
sort of analogy, and wholly dissimilar, should not
be drawn together and mixed up in this manner.
I take it for granted, also, that the Senate is not
prepared to recognize a project which prescribes
no means for determining what missions are and
! what are not secularized, and that this body will
; not be disposed to let mission stations of immense
j value be turned over in this summary way to such
j as may choose to claim them upon the grounds
that they are secularized, and by subsequent sale
have become private property.
The third section of the Senator's bill employs
two lawyers, the recorder and district attorney,
and confers authority upon a third, the attorney
general, to proceed by scire facias to set aside titles
which either of them may deem invalid. The at-
torney general, without any rule of action pre-
scribed to him, may order a scire facias in any
case in which he may deem the claim "invalid,"
but the recorder and district attorney, by the
fourth section of the bill, are required, in deciding
the question of issuing the writ, to " be governed
•by the treaty of Guadalupe Victoria, the law of
•nations, the laws, usages, and customs of the
' Government from which the claim is derived, the
•proclamations of the commanding officers at the
I 'time of the conquest, and the capitulations made
' with the commanders, the decisions of the Su-
'preme Court of the United States as far as they
•are applicable, and the law of prescription in favor
• of possessory rights, the same as if it were a
' question between individuals,"&c.
From the horror expressed by the Senator to
the employment of counsel, as proposed in another
bill, I am surprised to find such a formidable array
of them drawn up here, armed with the formidable
weapon of a scire facias, to cleave down titles that
th«y may deem to be invalid. How are they to
proceed ? It is presumed that the recorder and
district attorney are to go to work first, and the
attorney general afterwards. Are they to go over
each recorded case seriatim, entering up their judg-
' ment of "guilty" or " not guilty," and then seize
upon the one class by scire facias, and prosecute
it to the extremity? In this anomalous and un-
natural war upon titles, it would be strange if Hie
innocent did not suffer more than the offending;
the latter, better and more carefully guarded, would
be more likely to parry the blow, and dash the
Weapon from the hand of the law officer of the
Government.
Nothing, in my judgment, could be more odious
than to fasten upon the people such a system. I
have no patience with this oblique mode of settling
titles; the unwary and innocent would suffer,
whilst the crafty and designing would escape un-
hurt. The scheme would lead to doubt, distrac-
tion, and tumult, leaving the whole titles of the
' country in conflict, confusion, and chaos.
I The fifth section of the Senator's bin proposes
to confirm the quantity of four leagues, measured
from the centre, two leagues in every direction, of
every town, city, or pueElo in California, except
San Francisco, which is to have that quantity
upon a different rule.
I I have heretofore shown to the Senate that such
a provision is partial, defective, and unequal; that
there are cases where it would overran and break
in upon private titles, and the effect would be a
confiscation of those titles, or the towns, cities, or
pueblos would lose their quantity, in some cases
wholly, and others to the extent of conflict; that
' in other cases such n principle would embrace a
vast extent of g&ld region, sweeping away mines,
! and creating in corporations a monopoly of wealth
unprecedented upon this continent. Or if, as the
> Senator afterwards interpreted the meaning of this
section, these American towns in the mineral
region are to he excluded from the benefits of this
grant, it would exhibit a partiality in favor of the
Mexican population, ana against the American,
so odious that it would lead to tumult and blood-
: shed. If the Spanish and Mexican towns are to
enjoy the benefits of this immense donation, give
it also to the American towns, the inhabitants of
1 which are the intrepid emigrants, who, by their
labor and enterprise, have made California the
i! wonder of the age. I am against any legislation
! on this subject' in this bill, and repeat that, when
the gold mines are to be disposed of, I want them
!■ to go directly tQ the people upon some fair plan,
by_ which the Government will vindicate its justice
!: to its citizens, who are engaged in the arduous and
precarious business ef exploring the mines of the
I country, and developing its mineral wealth. I
! reiterate my determination to use my utmost ex-
ertions to have every town, city, or pueblo in Cali-
| j fornia liberally and munificently dealt with by the
[ National Government in regard to lands, and to
promote such a policy as shall settle and confirm
the grants made to the city of San Francisco by
General Kearny, referred to in the Senator's sixth
section; but I desire this matter acted upon under-
standing^, and am satisfied the object can be
more properly accomplished by other means of
legislation in preparation, or by the passage of
other bills now pending before the Senate.
The eighth section of the Senator's plan de-
