1861.]
appendix to the congressional globe.
131
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Land Titles in California—Mr. Gioin.
Senate.
Clares that, in the trial of any sore /itcito to test |
the validity of a claim, the decision of the court •
uliall be conclusive in favor of the claimants, ex- '
cept in the cases in which Mr. Fremont may be a i
party. Upon this discrimination I have heretofore
commented, and presented my objections against
a denial to the parties of a right to appeal to the
highest tribunal. The reasons for the latter will
appear more fully in the remarks I have to make'
on the Senator's ninth section, which requires the
recorder, " on receiving notice of each claim," to
" lav down the same conjecturally, according to
the claim, on district maps to be constructed by
him; and, as soon as confirmed, shall order the
same to be duly surveyed according to the confirm-
ation." The recorder is to order them surveyed
" as toon as confirmed," and " according to the con-
firmation." How are claims to be " confirmed,"
according to the Senator's plan? The answer is
deducible, from the eighth section, that all claims
decided on the scire facias by the court below, in
favor of claimants, are to be treated as confirmed
without appeal. Well, this is one class. But what
becomes of the other class, being those against
which no scire facias may be taken out ? As to
these the bill lacks that certainty and technical pre-
cision of terms which should characterize every
law, and more particularly those relating to real
estate.
There is nothing hi the Senator's plan declaring
them confirmed—absolutely nothing—not a single
word. We are led, by the general scope and bear-
ing of the plan, to infer it is intended that all claims
against which a scire facias may not be taken out,
and which are admitted to record, are to be treated
as ipso facto confirmed.
But all this rests wholly upon inference. The i
bill in this respect is loose and defective; but its !
demerits and evils do not stop here. In a new |
country like California, rich in the precious and !
other metals, with new cities and towns springing '
up, as if by the touch of Aladdin, what a tempta-
tion is presented to the corrupt and designing to
seek for titles to fasten them upon its most im-
portant places, its commercial points, its mines, its
city and town sites—-its sites for defence, dep6ts,
and light-houses ? With such a temptation, and
with so feeble a barrier, if, indeed, it may be called
a barrier at all, which is set up in the Senator's
bill, the country may be deluged with a flood of
spurious titles, for it is not to be supposed that the
recorder and district attorney, in the midst of other
duties, will be able successfully to track out and
expose the deceits and frauds which are likely to
be practiced upon them. Let us consult the ex-
perience of the past, and we wilt find in the his-
tory of titles in Doth upper and lower Louisiana,
enough to alarm and place us upon our guard.
Look at the frauds and impositions there prac-
ticed. W e find that in Arkansas, in 1825 or 1826,
spurious titles were brought before the superior
court for the Territory, and received from that
court final decrees of confirmation. The charac-
ter of the papers had escaped the vigilance even
of the court below, and the interposition of Con-
gress became necessary to arrest the fraud.and
mischief. Accordingly, an act was passed on the
8th May, 1830, entitled " An act for further ex-
tending the powers of the judges of the superior
court of the Territory of Arkansas, under the act
of the 26th May, 1824, and for other purposes."
This act authorized the court to proceed by bills
of review, "for the purpose of revising all or any
* of the decrees of the said court in cases wherein
' it should appear to the court, or be alleged in
* such bills of review, that the jurisdiction of the
'same was assumed, in any case, on any forged
•warrant, concession, grant, order of survey, or
«other evidence of title; and in every case wherein
fcit" should appear to the court, " in the prosecu-
* tion of any such bill of review, that such war-
' rant, concession, grant, order of survey, or other
* evidence of title, is a forgery," it was declared
lawful, and the court wes "authorized to pro-
' ceed, by further order and decree, to reverse and
4 annul any prior decree or adjudication upon such
' claim; and thereupon such prior decree or adjudi-
"*cation," it wan enacted, should be "held in all
« places whatever to be null and void to all intents
'and purposes." The court did proceed accord-
ingly, ana in most of the cases, if I am rightly in-
Armed, did annul and reverte their former decren
' on the ground of fraud and forgery, and the sub-
] ject has harassed Congress and innocentpartiesfrom
i that time to this; giving rise at different sessions
1 to remedial legislation, ending with an act as late
as 3d March, 1849, entitled " An act to settle the
title to certain tracts of land in the State of Ar-
kansas. " Here we have an example of what oc-
curred in a court from whose decrees no appeal
was taken. Could we expect better tilings from
officers of Executive appointment, where, under
the operation of our institutions, there are fre-
quent changes of incumbents ? I say nothing of
' what would be the consequence to honest bona
fide land-holders, and to the State, in case bad
men should get hold of such official stations. I
am unwilling to contemplate the state of things in
which they would be armed with such tremendous
and, I was going to say, almost unlimited and ir-
responsible power, with which it is proposed to
clothe them. In that case, to use the Senator's
i own language, there would, indeed,be a condition
, of things "horrible to think of." But is this a
case " solitary and alone?" Not at all. Look at
the embarrassment, distress, and almost incon-
1 ceivable injury which has been inflicted in Loui-
siana by the introduction into that State of fabric-
• at*d evidences of claims. The public archives,
the printed Congressional documents, speak in
terms upon this point not to be misunderstood.
On referring to document No. 33, House of
Representatives, of the 2d session, 27th Congress,
I find on page 17 evidence that in 1836 paper was
manufactured bearing the old Spanish water-marks
; of 1791 and 1792, and made to imitate Spanish
I paper of those years of different shades and colors,
j It was obtained upon a representation that it was
j designed for the Mexican market. It was sus-
pected shortly afterwards that it was intended for
the manufacture of evidences of claims to land in
the once Spanish province of Louisiana, or per-
. haps in seme of the Mexican provinces; and sure
enough it was converted into Spanish title papers, j
bearing the forged signatures of Governors Manuel j
Gayoso de Lemos, Carondelet, and Miro. These J
spurious titles were brought before the register
and receiver, having been filed for confirmation; but
in the review of tie proceedings, as reported by
those officers, the frauds were arrested and ex-
' posed. Mr. White, formerly a United States land
' commissioner,states in his "New Recopilacion,"
which appeared in 1839, that the publication of
that work would " establish a fact that the United
' States have given confirmation to titles of the value
i of more than ten millions of dollars, upon a re-
I port of a register and receiver in Louisiana, which
< were not entitled to confirmation." That compi- !
ler, referring to titles in the condition ofttho e un-
, der consideration, justly remarks that, "whether j
the title be good or bad, justice to the claimants I
I and to the United States requires that they should i
be speedily decided;" that "the postponement
does not add to or diminish their legal obligations,
whilst the delay is ruinous to individuals and pre-
judicial to the United States;" observing, further,
' "that " there is no power in the Government to
1 prevent a judicial investigation and decision. It
may delay, but cannot finally defeat it." Besides
! the instances of malversation respecting titles to
I land falling within the limits of what was formerly
; the Spanisn province of Louisiana, since erected
; into sovereign States of the Union, we have
' charges of official misconduct, bringing the mat-
ter nearer, indeed directly home to the subject
now under consideration. It is to be found in the
evidence given in by Colonel Fremont, and several
! others, before a committee of the Senate, in 1848.
i (Senate doc., Reports of Cotflmittees, No, 75,1st
sess. 30th Congress.) There it is stated by Colo-
nel Fremont that he understood "from credible
' report that the California authorities were grant-
1 ing and selling the missions and other public do-
' mains;" that " in some cases these lands were so
conveyed simply as grants, in others as rewards
for services rendered to the Government, and in
others for amounts of money that had been ad-
vanced, or were to be paid to the Government;"
that he learned " in this way nearly all the mis-
' sions south of San Luis Obispo, the mission of
San Raphael in Sonoma, and some of the large
islands on the coast were granted;" that " many
Of these grants were hastily made, without the
| ii h«1 legal form*, and wanting the usual form li-
ties;" and that he understood, "from citizens of
the country, such as Don Abel Stearns, of the
Pueblo de fos Angeles, that these mission grants
were illegally maiie, and ought not to be consid-
ered valid." But the evidence does not stop here.
What does the official report of the 1st March,
1849, from the Secretary of State of the then
Territory of California, say on the subject ? (Sen-
ate Rep. Com., No. 18,1st sess. 31st Cong., page
130.) It declares that " soon after General Kearny
assumed the civil government in California, repre-
sentations were made to him, from the most re-
spectable sources, that the grants and sales of mis-
sion property by Governor Pico, just as he was
leaving the country, were without the authority
of law, and that, though actually made after the
7th of July, 1846, they had been antedated in or-
der to give them the semblance of legality." That
'' these titles were not recorded in the usual book
of records in the Government archives; but pur-
ported to be recorded in some book which as yet
has never been found.' Speculators had bought
up these doubtful titles, and now demanded to be
putin possession of them;" that, "under these
circumstances General Kearny issued a decree on
the 22d of March, 1847, directing that certain mis-
sions, so claimed, be left in the hands of the priests
until the proper tribunal should be organized to
determine on the validity of these titles;" that, in
other cases, "where the claimants are in actual pos-
sesion, they were allowed to remain, but with
the express understanding that this permission
should in no way affect the legality of theirtitles;"
that " those who were found holding mission
property on lease were left in quiet possession,
except the renter of the mission of San Buenaven-
tura, who, being detected in selling and destroying
the property of the mission, to its injury, and al-
most total ruin, was ejected by the commanding
officer of the Southern military district."
When the progress of events showed that Up-
per California was likely soon to cease to be a por-
tion of the Republic of Mexico, the colonization
scheme of Maciutmara was brought by him to the-
notice of the Mexican President, and in the months
of August, 1845, and January, 1846, was the sub-
ject of a correspondence from the Department of
Foreign Relations. Then followed a concession
dated 4th July, 1846, from Pio Pico, Governor of
the Department of California, for three thousand
leagues in the Vallev of the San Joaquin, subject
to the approval of the Supreme National Govern-
ment. Events, often alluded to, happily frustrated
the consummation of that grant, and it became, as
it now is, absolutely forfeited, void, and of non-ef-
fect.
I want no new doctrine brought up, no new
principle for the settlement of land claims recog-
nized, that will let in upon the people such vam-
pire grants; great or small.
And here it becomes my duty to refer to the
speech of the Senator from Missouri, on the 3d
January last, in support of his project then before
the Senate, in which he quoted eight articles, which
he called " a few extracts from the general coloni-
zation laws of Mexico." One of these, the nine-
teenth , refers to the quantity which shall be granted
to each empressario who" introduces and estab-
lishes families in any of the provinces designated
for colonization; and another of those he quoted
declares that " the date of the conpession for lands
constitutes an inviolable law for the right of prop-
erty and legal ownership." This may have given
rise to the new-fangled theories as to what consti-
tutes " perfect titles "in California wider the Mex-
ican laws.
But I must call the attention of the Senate and
the dbuntry to the fact that the colonization laws
from which these extracts are taken bear datellth
April, 1823, during the times of the usurpation of
Iturbide, the expelled Emperor of Mexico; that
they were, immediately after their adoption, sus-
pended; that, therefore, they are not the law at all,
naving, after their suspension, remained inopera-
tive, and having virtually ceased to exist, there be-
ing reason to believe that no grants of land were
ever made under them in Upper California. (See
Report dated 1st March, 1829, from the Secretary
of State of the Territory of California, Senate
Rep. Com. No. 18, 1st sess. 31st Congress page
121.)
The tenth ssetion of the Senator's plan requires
