1891.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
133
3 1st Cosg 2d Sess.
Land 1We* in California—Mr. Gtcin.
Senate.
Mwaoun, [Mr. Bmra,j upon > provision in the
hill which I introduced, and which, in substance, 1
is to l>e found iu that reported by the Judiciary
Commute*. simply requiring claimants to come
forward and establish their uiles before a board of
rumuiissKMiers, with the privilege of seeking a
judicial decision in the court below, with a right of
appeal to the Inchest tribunal.
The Senator v remarks now alluded to were
made before the Senate on the eighth January last,
and are as follow:
•• I my km amvr «w anything like it  pon M Al-
sshty^wi*. TlwnlailNiinetitkiai uipMial
Mrilun «' itw landed property of cooqueml countries u
Wtenn burnt, bat Ihm  ev.-r was <ueh a itiinfu that of
ftm land claimant im lb# coanln' being required to come
■p at a pwii day. and ibm ighi'for bu possessions with
W naked kudi agwnst a lawyw raprasitimng the Uov-
tmmt ut,11 9ic.
Thk is the version the Senator has been pleased
to give of an obviously just and necessary meas-
ure.
Now the Senate shall see bow a plain narrative
of /nets will effectually contradict and put down
this assertion; and with perfect deference, 1 tuay
be permitted to say, that he is a wise man indeed
who can speak with certainty as to ererytkaig that
has not happened on the face of the earth. Alike
degree of confidence might enable him to go a step
further, and claim a knowledge, not only of every-
thing that ever has actually happened, but of
everything that may bereatler occur in the history
of man. And now I hare to say, that a measure
kindred to that reported by the Judiciary Com-
mittee, but denounced by the Senator, which sim-
ply seeks to settle titles forever, in a fair and
noaest way, may be found under the paternal
Government of Spain, so loudly eulogized by the -
Senator. The precedent is that treated of under the
second proposition I have deduced from the royal
ordinance of 1754, which required " every and all
persons" to come forward and establish their
titles before a sub-delegate, an officer of the Gov-
ernment. All claimants during a period of more
than half s century, were required to appear and
make proof, or their titles would be forfeited and
their lands grunted to other*. The adjudication was
.to be made by the " sub-delegate,' and as he was
appointed by the viceroy, his decisions could be
reviewed by that officer, and by an express law of
the Indies, (Lib. 2, tit. 15, law 35—Recop., vol. 2,
page 34,) it was commanded " that whenever a
' person shall think himself aggrieved by any offi-
1 cial act or decision of the viceroy or president, he
' may appeal to our audiences, where justice shall
' be done to him, according to the laws and otdi-
' nances, and the viceroys and presidents shall not
* prevent their appeals, nor shall be present at the
' examination and decisions of their causes, for
' which purpose they shall abstain from attending."
Here, Mr. President, we have the three tribunals
(represented in this bill by the Board of Commis-
sioners, District and Supreme Courts) established
by Spain nearly one hundred years ago, under
which Government these claims originated, to set-
tle questions arising under the land laws of the
kingdom. But we are still further fortified by
direct precedents under our own Government,
some of which 1 will give. Facta after facts, in-
deed, successive arise to convict the learned Sena-
tor of egregious mistakes and blunders on this
point.
By the sixth section of the act of Congress of the
3d of March, 1805,entitled " An act for ascertaining
and adjusting the titles and chums to land within the
Territory of Orleans and the district of Louisiana,''
Jboards of commissioners were appointed " for the
purpose of ascertaining within their respective
districts the rights of present claimants under any
French or Spanish grant," or under the first two
sections of that act. This law confers power upon
the same board to take cognizance of both com-
plete and incomplete titles. By the sixth section,
the Secretary of the Treasury " was authorized to
employ three agents, one for each board," for
" the purpose of appearing before the commis-
sioners in behalf of toe United States to investigate
the claims for lands, and to oppose all such as
said agents may deem fraudulent and unfounded."
Ba*rmd of <s met mmmlemtmtan to tko act for ateertafmhti
claim atU tiUee to loud in the Territory of Florida, and
to provide Jor tie mrwy and dUpotal of the pullic lands
fn Florida.
"■sc. 4. -tod it Ufwrtktr eumeiod, That * shall H the
duty of th« district attorney* fbr said districts respectively, |
whenever required to do so by the camiuiwmuera within |
(us dk-trict, to attend them ibr Die purpose of arguing aiul
explaining any points oflawthat may be deemed necessary
to be examined: and said attorney shall he entitled to the
asms compensation therefor as when attending on the dia-
trict court ofaaid Territory."
Extract*/a  act nsf/lowmtorf to the seeeral arte pro-
iMni far the Nmmni and conjirmation of private
land claims i  Florida.
" Sec. 10. „Jm( ht it further enacted. That It shall be
lawful fbr the President of the I'liiled States to appoint a
law agent, whose special duty ft shall he to superintend the
isterarts of the UniHd States is the premises, to continue
him iu place a* long as the public interest requires his con-
tinuance ; and to allow such pay to the agent as the Presi-
dent may think^reasonnble. It shall  1«  be the duty of
■aid agent to collect testimony in behalf of the lTnited States,
a ad to attend oa all occasion* when said claimants may
take depositions, and no deposition* so taken by them shall
be read as evidence, unless said agent or district attorney
shall hare been notified in writing of the time and place of 1
taking then, so long previous to said time as to afford to
hist ao opportunity of Wag present"
What, then, becomes of the Senator's averment
that the appointment of a lawyer representing the
Government is unprecedented? Besides, it was
competent for the claimants of all written uncon-
firmed titles embraced in the report of the board
aforesaid to bring the same to the notice of the
United States district court, with the right of ap-
peal to the Supreme Court, under the act of the
26th of May, 1824, as revived and extended by
the act of the 17th of June, 1844, to the territory
comprised within the States of Louisiana, Mis-
jsoun, Arkansas, and of Alabama and Mississippi
south of the 31st degree of latitude.
Before pursuing the other propositions which I
have deduced from the royal ordinance of 1754, I
desire to glance at a historical incident introduced to
aid in the defeat of a bill for the adjustment of Cali-
fornia land claims. I allude to the revolt in the city !
I of Cairo, in Egypt, in the month of October, 1799,
referred to in the Senator's speech two years ago,
extensively circulated in California,copied into Re-
vierre's book on that country, and again having
made its appearance before the Senate on the 3d
of January last. The Senator represents the re-
volt as coming "from merely a request to the peo-
ple to give in a list of their titles in order that they
might be registered." And he concludes that " if
'the people of Cairo were in California, and if we
'proposed to register their titles even, it might
'bring on a revolt; but the people of California
' may not*revolt, they are but a few; their recourse
' will be to fly from the country, and that will be
'done."
The original inhabitants of California are a
brave, order-loving people, and need no vindica-
tion from the indignity of classifying and compar-
ing them with the Copts and Arabs of Egypt, a
people for the most part sunk into abject poverty
and wretchedness, in a country where there exists
an "absolutefeudality," as the historian Thiers
calls it; " exhibiting at once a conquered people,
a conquering soldiery in rebellion against their sov-
ereign; and. lastly, an ancient brutalized race at
the service and in the pay of the strongest." Let
us inquire whetherthere are not in fact other causes
to which that revolt may be attributed rather than
to the mere registration of titles. Let us look for
these causes in the military contributions by land
tax, as levied by Napoleon; to his orders from
Cairo erecting intendencies in every province for
the collection of the revenues of the Mamalukes;
to the overthrow of the symbols of Turkish sov-
ereignty; to the'flying of the tri-colored flag from
the Great Pyramid, Pompey's Pillar, and from the
loftiest minarets of Cairo, arid throughout the
provinces; and, finally, to the determination of
the Sultan to avenge the invasion of his domin-
ions by expediting a firmm against the infidels,
and to the instigation of the insurgents by the
priests and by the agents of the expatriated bergs.
To these, as the more natural and rational causes,
may be traced that revolt which was extinguished
in blood.
I am disposed, then, to think the Senator's ap-
prehensions are unfounded, alarmed as he may
have been by his historical illustration, and that
the people of California, so far from being dis-
turbed by the contemplated law for the speedy
registration and settlement of their titles, will re-
gard it as the best safeguard of their real interests.
I now propose to return to my first proposition
respecting the Spanish ordinance of 1754, which
looks to the appointment of sub-delegates by the
viceroys to dispose of lands; and lo thelAirdprop-
i osition, which contemplates a survey as necessary.
The next regulations, which bear directly upon
Upper California, are those embraced in the vice-
roy's instructions, dated 17th August, 1773, to
the commandant at the new establishments of San
Diego and Monterey, authorizing the commandant
to designate common lands and grant titles. (Sen-
ate doc., 1st session 31st Cong., Rep. Com., No.
18, page 134.)
On the 1st June, 1779, De Neve, the governor,
prepared a set of regulations for the government
of California, which were approved by a royal or-
der, dated 24th October, 1781. (Same Senate doc.,
pages 135 to 140.) Tliese regulations content-
: plate the designating by the Government of solaru
or house lots, and swrtes or sowing lands.
Then comes the "great ordinance," as it has
been called, of the intendants, dated 4th Decem-
ber, 1786, (Recop., vol. 1, page 356; vol. 2, page
67,) which divides the Spanish empire into twelve
inteitdencias, exclusive of the Californias. The
eighty-first article of that ordinance makes the in-
tendants the exclusive judges in the district of their
provinces about the sale, composition, and grant
of royal lands. The second article of it declares
that the viceroy " shall continue with the extent
of the superior authority," and various powers
conferred on him by " the King's" royal commia-
: sion and instruction, and by the laws of the Indies,
i as the Governor and Captain General of that dis-
trict," adding to these high offices "that of presi-
dent of the audencia and chancery of the metrop-
olis of Mexico."
Now, so far as California is concerned, this sec-
ond article of the ordinance of 1786 leaves the
power of granting lands to the viceroys or their
sub-delegates just where the ordinance of 1754
placed it, as stated in my first proposition, de-
duced from that ordinance, and in no way relaxed
' or impaired the requirement of survey as indis-
pensable to complete a title, which is contemplated
oy the sixth article of the said ordinance of 1754,
as shown by me in the second proposition I drew
from it.
The Senator, in his speech of the 7th January,
1851, stated "that the distribution of lands in
' California was taken out of the general land  ys-
' tem, first of Spain and then of Mexico; that it
' was specially exempted; and that in the preamble
' to the ordinance of 1786—the ordinance creating
' twelve intendencu for the crown lands in New
' Spain, under which system Morales was the first
' and perhaps the last for the intendency of Loui-
' siana;" and the Senator adds, " that the grants
within the limits of their authority, by the local
officers of California, were complete within them-
selves," &c. Now, the only difference contem-
plated by the ordinances of 1754 and 1786, in the
granting of lands, is simply this: that the viceroys
or their tvh-deltgalts were authorized to grant in
California, and m the twelve intendtnees this power,
( by the ordinance of 1786, was entrusted to the in-
tendant.
The duties of intendants were of a very respon-
sible character, as they were charged with the su-
perintendence and regulation of the royal treasury
in all its branches and revenue; and hence it was
deemed proper to assign to that functionary in the'
twelve intendences " the sale, composition, and
grant of royal lands," But in California, in con-
sequence of its remoteness from the seat of power,
and being without commerce or revenue, there was
no reason why it should b# included in an intend-
ency; and hence, as before shown, the faculty of
granting remained just where it was placed by the
; royal ordinance of 1754, and the requirements of
1 this latter ordinance, in which a survey was an in-
dispensable prerequisite to complete confirmation,
remain in fun force and effect.
The allusion of the Senator to the intendency of
Morales induces me to remind him that the Gov
, ernor General of Louitiana, (not the intendant,)
from the 17th February, 1770, the date of Govern-
or O'Reilly's regulations, (pursuant to the King's
1 patent of 16th April, 1769, Recop. vol. 2, page
228,) until 1798, a period of twenty-eight years,
was the granting officer. By a royal decree of
22d October, 1798, the power of disposing of the
King's domain «u conferred on the Intendant
Morales, whose regulations bear date July 17,1799,
