136
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fJan. 29,
31 st Cong 2d Sess.
of taxation. It is legislative profligacy. The
true interest of agriculture is to widen the field of
its operations' as far as practicable, null then, by a
judicious tillage, to make it yield the very largest
resources compatible with the population of the
country. The measure now before us will secure
this object by jiving independent homesteads to
the greatest number of cultivators, thus imparting
dignity to labor, and stimulating its activity. It
may be taken for granted as a general truth, that
a nation will be powerful, prosperous and happy,
in proportion to the number of independent culti-
vators of its soil. All experience demonstrates
that it is most favorable to agriculture to have
every plantation cultivated by its proprietor: nor
is it less conducive to the same o' ject. or less im-
portant to the general welfare, that every citizen
who desires it should be the owner of a plantation,
and engaged in its cultivation. The disregard of
these simple and just principles in the actual poli-
cy of nations, has been one of the great scourges
of the world. We now have it in our power,
without revolution or violence, to carry them into
practice, and reap their beneficent fruits; and a
nobler work cannot engage the thoughts, or enlist
the sympathies of the statesman. No govern-
mental policy is so wise as that which keeps con-
stantly before the mind of the citizen the promo-
tion of the public good, by a scrupulous regard
for his private interest. This principle shou'd be
stamped upon all our legislation, since it will es-
tablish the strongest of all ties between him and
the State. A philosophic writer of the last cen-
tury, in sketching a perfectly-organized common-
wealth, has the following:
" As every man ploughed his own field, cultivation was
more active, provisions more abundant, and individual op-
ulence constituted the public wealth.
As the earth was free, and its possession easy and se-
cure, every man was a proprietor, and the division of prop-
erty, by rfiidenng luxury impossible, preserved the purity
of manners.
" Every man finding his own well-being in the constitu-
tion ofiii* country, took a lively interest in its preservation :
if a stranger attacked it, havintr liis field, hi* hou"e, to
defend, he carrird into the combat all the animosity of a
p"r on,il quarrel, and devoted to his own intermits lie wad '
devoted to his country."
Here, sir, are principles worthy to guide our
rulers in the disposition of the public lands. Give '
homes to the landless multitudes in the country,
and you snatch them from crime and starvation,
from the prison and the alms-house, and place
them in a situation at once the most conducive to
virtue, to the prosperity of the country, and to '
loyalty to its Government and laws. Instead of
paupers and outcasts, they will become independ-
ent citizens and freeholders, pledged by their
gratitude to the Government, by self-interest, and
by the affections of our nature, to consecrate
to honest toil the spot on which the family altar
is to be erected and the family circle kept unbro-
ken. They will feel, as never before, the value of
free institutions, and the obligations resting upon :
thein as citizens. Should a foreign foe invade
our shores, having their homes and their firesides
to defend, they would rush to the field of deadly
strife, carrying with them "all the animosity of "a
personal qiiarrel." " Independent farmers," said
President Jackson, "are everywhere the basis of
society, and true friends of liberty;" and an army
of such men, however unpractised in the art of
war, would be invincible. Carry out this reform
of multiplying independent cultivators, and thus
rendering labor at once honorable and gainful,
and I verily believe more will be done than could
he accomplished by anjr other means to break
down our military establishments, and divert the
vast sums annually expended in maintaining them,
to the arts of peace. It is emphatically a peace
movement, since it will curb the war spirit by-
subsidizing to the public interest the "raw mate- '
rial," of which our armies are generally composed.
By giving homes to the poor, the idle, the vicious,
it will attach them to the soil, and cause them to
feel, as the producers of the country ought to feel,
that upon them rest the burdens of war. The
policy of increasing the number and independence
of those who till the grov.rid, in whatever light
considered, commends itself to the Government.
England, and the countries of western Europe,
ave "sen in prosperity, just in proportion as free-
dom has been communicated to the occupiers of
e soil. The work of tillage was at first carried
The, Public Lands—Mr. Julian.
Ho. ot' Reps.
on by slaves, then by villains, then by metayers,
and finally by farmers; the improvement of those
countries keeping pace with these progressive
changes in the condition of the cultivator. The
same observations would doubtless apply to other
countries and to different ages of the world. But I
need not go abroad for illustrations of this principle.
Look, for example, at slave labor in this country.
Compare Virginia with Ohio. In the former, the soil
is tilled by the slave. He feels no interest in the
Government, because it allows him the exercise of
no civil rights. It dues not even give him the right
to himself. He has of course no interest in the
soil upon which he toils. His arm is not nerved,
nor his labor lightened by the thought of home,
for to him it has no value or sacredncss. It is no
defence against outrage. His own offspring are
! the property of another. He does not toil for his
family, but for a stranger. His wife and children
may be torn from him at any moment, sold like
cattle to the trader, and separated from him for-
ever. Labor brings no new comforts to himself
or his family. The motive from which he toils is
the lash. He is robbed of his humanity by the
system which has made him its victim. Can the
, cultivation of the soil by such a population add
, wealth or prosperity to the Commonwealth? The
question answers itself. I need not point to Vir-
, ginia, with her great natural advantages, her am-
1 pie resources in all the elements of wealth and
power, yet dwindling and dying under the curse
of slave labor. But cross the river Ohio, and how
changed the scene! Agriculture is in the most
thriving condition. The whole land teems with
■ abundance. The owners of the soil are in general
its cultivators, and these constitute the best portion
of the population. Labor, instead of being looked
'' upon as degrading, is thus rendered honorable and
independent. The ties of interest, as well as the
stronger ties of affection, animate the toils of the
, husbandman, and strengthen his attachment to the
Government; for the man who loves his home
will love his country. His own private emolu-
nient and the public good are linked together in i
his thoughts, and whilst he is rearing a virtuous
family on his own homestead, he is contributing
wealth and strength to the State. Population is
rapidly on the increase, whilst new towns are
springing up almost as by magic. Manufactures '
and the mechanic arts, in general, are in a flour-
ishing condition, whilst the country is dotted over
with churches, school-houses, and smiling habita- |
; tions. The secret of all this is the distribution of
1 landed property, and its cultivation by freemen.
| But even in the virgin state of Ohio, the curse of
I land monopoly, or white slavery, is beginning to
| exhibit its bitter fruits, as it will everywhere, if
j unchecked by wise legislation. Let Congress,
therefore, see to it, in the beginning, by an organic
j law for the public domain yet remaining unsold,
1 that this curse shall be excluded from it. The
enactment of such a law should not be delayed a
single hour. Now is the "golden moment" for
action. The rapidity with which our public lands
have been melting away for the past few years
under the prodigal policy of the Government, ren-
ders all-important the speedy interposition of Con-
gress.
Mr. Speaker, I have spoken, incidentally, of
slavery. This, I am aware, may be considered a
violation of the "final settlement," the remark-
ably sanative measures, ratified by Congress a
few months since. I beg leave to say, howevei,
that I think the adoption of the policy for which
I am contending will be a much better "settle-
ment," of the slavery question than the one to
which I refer. Donate the land lying within our
Territories, in limited plantations, to actual settlers
whose interest and necessity it will be to cultivate
. the soil with their own hands, and it will be a far
more formidable barrier against the introduction
of slavery than Mr. Webster's "ordinance of
nature," or even the celebrated ordinance of Jef-
ferson. Slavery only thrives on extensive estates.
In a country cut up into small farms, occupied by j
as many independent proprietors who live by their
own toil, it would be impossible—there would be
no room for it. Should the bill now under discus-
sion become a law, the poor white laborers of the
South, as well as of the North, will flock to •
our territories; labor will become common and
respectable; our democratic theory of equality
■ will be realized; closely associated communities
' will be established; whilst education, so impossible
to the masses where slavery and land monopoly
prevail, will be accessible to the people through
j their common schools; and thus physical and moral
causes will combine in excluding slavery forever
from the soil. The freedom of the public lands
is therefore an anti-slavery measure. It will
weaken the slave power by lending the official
sanction of the Government to the natural right
of man, as man, to a home upon the soil, and of
course to the fruits of his own labor. It will
weaken the system of chattel slavery, by making
war upon its kindred system of wages slavery,
giving homes and employment to its victims, and
equalizing the condition of the people. It will
1 weaken it by repudiating the vicious dogma of the
slaveholder that the laborious occupations are dis-
honorable and degrading. And it will weaken it,
; as I have just shown, by confining it within its pres-
, ent limits, and thus forcing its supporters to seek
some mode of deliverance from its evils. Pass this
bill, therefore, and whilst the Sjouth can have no
cause to complain of northern aggression, it will
shakeherpeculiarinstitution to its foundations. Her
three millions of slaves, now toiling, not under the
stars, but the stripes of our fi.-tg, robbed of their
dearest rights, inventoried as goods and chattels,
and plundered of their humanity by law, may look
forward with new hope to their final exodus from
bondage. A dumber of southern gentlemen, I am
aware, view the subject differently. I am entirely
'' willing that they should. I am satisfied to fini
them on the right side of the question. I speak
[ only for myself, and claim no right to express
1 any opinion but my own. Had this policy been
adopted by the Government in 1832, when Gen-
eral Jackson first recommended it, it is highly
probable that Texas, whether in or out of the
Union, would never have been a slave country.
She would have been compelled to exclude slavery
by adopting the same landed policy in order to
1 secure the settlement of her domain. The same
cause would have prevented our Mexican war,
and thus have saved to the country the millions of
; money and thousands of lives that were sacrificed
in that unsanctified struggle for the extension of
human bondage.
Mr. Speaker, there is one consideration pertain-
ing to this bill which deserves a more distinct con-
sideration than I have given it. I have already
; said that the right to life implies, of necessity, the
right to a home upon the soil. Man cannot live
without this, and therefore he has the same right
1 to it that he has to life itself. This measure gives
, a n«'w sanction to this right, a new sacredness to
home. It throws the broad shield of the Govern-
ment over that greatest and most beneficent of all
institutions, the family. Home is the great school
of virtue, the centre of the heart's best affections,
"the birth-place of every good impulse, of every
sacred thought." The grand interests of human
life belong to it. It has been said, that just so far
as the family is improved, its duties performed,
and its blessings prized, all artificial institutions,
including Government itself, are superseded. The
most important part of the education of every
man and woman is received at home. The germs
of character are there moulded and developed by
the plastic power of the parent. The Govern-
ment, therefore, by every legitimate means, should
favor the improvement, the security of the family,
; and the strength and purity of the domestic rela-
tions; for by so doing, it makes strong the most
' enduring foundations of our freedom. This should
be the first object of its care. " It is idle," says
a leading London newspaper, " to talk of secular
' education—it is idle to talk of religious instruc-
' tion, whilst the great mass of the people have no
' homes. How are we to teach, how are we to in-
' struct; whatcan theschoolmasterachieve, what the
' preacher, when the intellects which the one would
' elevate, and the hearts which the other would
' teach, are left to the cruel training of the streets?
' Thousands and tens of thousands of our children
'have no other education, no other Christianity,
' than the education and Christianity of the pave-
' ment. They have been turned adrift when
' scarcely able to walk unaided. Another infant
' has taken its place at the mother's breast; and
' the child of two years has made acquaintance
' with the pavement. And so commences the out-
