1951.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
137
31 st Cosa 2d Sf.ss.
7Tke Public Lands—Mr. Julian.
Ho. or Reps.
•cWoot education which fills our streets with 1
* pr (lt> nte www and thieves."
Not !«m> in point here as an illustration, nor less
trrnhf tl, is the following sketch of the education
of s pauper child, by Harriet Martineau:
"The infant is reared (if not in the work-house)
* in some unwholesome room or cellar, amidst damp
* and dirt, and the noises and sights of tic* or folly.
* He is badly nursed and fed, and grows up feelile
* or in a state of bodily uneasiness which worries
' his temper.and make* his passions excitable. He
" m not soothed by the constant tenderness of a de-
* cent mother, who feels it a great duty to make him
* as good and happy as she caa, and contrives to
* find time and thought for that object. He turn-
* tiles in the dust of the road or the mud of thegut-
' ter, snatches food whrnrerktcMi ret it,quarrels
* with anybody who thwarts him if he be a bold
* boy, and sneaks and lies if he be naturally a cow-
' aro. He indulges every appetite, as a matter of
* course, aa it arises: for he has no idea that he
* should not. He hates everybody who interferes
* with bis license, and has the best liking for those
* who use the same license with himself. He
* knows nothing of any place or people but those
* be sees, and never dreams of any world beyond
* that of his own ere*. He does not know what
* society is, or law, or ditty; and therefore, when
' he mjures society, and comes under the inflictions
* of the law, for gross violations of duty, he under-
* stands no more of wliat is done to him than if he
* was carried through certain ceremonies conducted
* in an unknown tongue. He has some dim notion
* of glory in dying boldly before the eyes of tha
* crowd; so he goes to the gallows in a mocking
* mood, aa ipnorant of the true import of life and
* human faculties as the day he was born. Or, if
' not laid hold of by the law, he goes on towards ,
* htsgrave brawling and drinking, or half asleep in
' mind and inert or diseased in body, till at Ujst he
•dies as the beast dies."*
Here, air, we have a forcible exhibition of the
evils of land monopoly, and the importance of
homes for aO. These evils can only be removed
by removing their cause. We must strike at the
ml of so much wretchedness. The country has
been flooded with discourses and essays on the
subject of education. Statistics have been pub-
lished in the United States, in Great Britain, and
in other countries, showing the proportion of the
population who are uneducated, and tracing the
prevalence of crime to that source. This is all
wed enough, and bo effort certainly should be
■pared by Governments to educate themasaes; but
their first and great want is kmnet, and brtad.
Without these, education, and temperance, and
preaching, and praying, will fail in tneir purpose.
They will be palliatives at best. Land monopoly
brings into the country a surplus laboring popula-
tion, whom it first deprives of their natural right
to the soil, and then prescribes the terms upon
which it will give them food and shelter. The
price of labor, as of everything else, depends upon
the supply and demand. Land monopoly, by its
unholy exactions, makes sure of a large supply,
and then presents to the famishing laborer the al-
ternatives of death by starvation, or life on such
terms as its own mercy may dictate. Government
should prevent this. It is false to its trust, a bas-
tard to its true mission, if it will not. It was
never designed that man should be wholly depend-
ent upon his fellow for the bread and breath of
lift. It was never designed that he should be de-
prived of a homestead for himself and his family,
as a defence against the cold-blooded rapacity of
avarice. God never intended that the family bond
should be broken when most needed, and that
childhood should be turned naked upon the world,
with no home but the street, and no moral train-
ing bat " the education and Christianity of the
pavement." In a world teeming with abund-
ance, and "wrapped round with sweet air, and
blessed by sunshine, and abounding with knowl-
edge," all his intelligent creatures should be per-
mitted to share the pleasures and attain the
purposes of existence. In the countries referred
to in the extracts I hare quoted, only about one
person in every five hundred is a, landholder.
Starving millions, ignorant of the pleasures, and
untaught in the virtues of homa, crowded into
* jjjpufdhtM
'stalls and markets, or turned into the streets |
of their cities aa beggars, bear sad testimony '
to the horrors of land monopoly. But Scot-
land and Ireland, and the countries of the Old
World generally, which are annually disgorging
their paupers upon our shores, are but a type of
what this country will ultimately be, if the mo-
nopoly of the soil is allowed to have its way; for
the same causes are here in operation, and will
produce the same effects. Famine in those coun-
tries is not the result of over population, but of
their landed system. No country in Europe has
as large a population as the soil is capable of
supporting under a wise system of culture, and
a just distribution of land among the people. It
is for us now to say whether starvation, pauper-
ism, and crime, shall be transplanted from the Old
World to the yet unpeopled regions of the West.
It is for us, if we please, to check the monopoly
of the soil, and the exactions of capital in the old
States, by withdrawing the landless laborers of
the country from their crushing power, and at the
same time giving them homes and independence
on the public lands. We have it in our power to
ftrtordmn the future lot of the millions who are
to draw their subsistence from our wide-spread
public domain; and, I repeat, we shall prove rec-
reant to our high trust as the representatives of
the people, if we fail to exert it. Posterity will
justly hold us answerable for evils which our
timely action might have averted, but which, in a
few years, may lie beyond the reach of remedy.
Let the Government, therefore, without delay,
provide homes for the landless. Let it establish
the family in our untamed forests, and let it
spread its parental wing over it, and guard it as
it would guard the life of the Republic. The bill
before us makes the home which it secures to the
settler free from execution for debt for the period
of five years. I regret that it was not thought
wise to make it thus inalienable forever. Our laws
have abolished imprisonment for debt as a relic of
barbarous times. They have exempted from exe-
cution certain personal property of the debtor, on
the score of its absolute necessity to the mainte-
nance of his family, and on the principle that the life
of the debtor is more important than the -claim of
the creditor. Let them go further, and exempt that
which is the most needed and sacred of all earthly
interests, the homestead. No regulations on the
subject of debtor and creditor should be permitted
to take it away. The unity of the family should
be maintained unbroken, till its inmates are fitted
by its discipline for the duties of life. The family
hearth-stone should be " hallowed ground." No
Vandal legislation should be allowed to invade it.
No pretence of meting out. pecuniary justice as
between man and man can justify Government in
lacerating the cherished affections of the heart, the
fond recollections of childhood, which gather
aronnd the thought of home. Not humanity only,
but the cause of public morality, the suppression
of crimes, nnd the interests of religion, all plead for
the inviolability of the homestead.
Mr. Speaker, the bill under consideration pos-
sesses one recommendation, already partially no-
ticed, which I think worthy of special considera-
tion. It gives encouragement to a business which,
more than any other, promotes the happiness of
those engaged in it, whilst it favors the prosperity
of the whole country. The life of a farmer is pe-
culiarly favorable to virtue; and both individuals
and communities are generally happy in proportion
as they are virtuous. His manners are simple,
and bis nature unsophisticated. If not oppressed
by other interests, he generally possesses an abund-
ance without the drawback of luxury. His Hfe
does not impose excessive toil, and yet it discour-
ages idleness. The farmer lives in rustic plenty,
remote from the contagion of popular vices, and
enjoys, in their greatest fruition, the blessings of
health and contentment. The very consciousness
he feels of the utility of his calling, gives a pleas-
ure to his labors No other occupation, perhaps,
is so well calculated to inspire trust in his Creator
and charity towards his creatures. The pleasures
and virtues of rural life have been the theme of
poets and philosophers in all ages. The tillage of
the soil was the primeval employment of man. Of
all arts, it is the most useful ana necessary. It has
justly been styled the nursing father of the State;
for in civilized countries all are squally dependent,
upon it for the means of subsistence, since hunger
«nd nakedness are universal wants. It is estima-
ted that nearly three fourths of the labor and cap-
ital of the country are employed in this single pur-
suit; and that agriculturists are themselves a large
majority of the voters, tax-payers, and consumers
of all foreign and domestic goods. Is not such an
employment deserving of the care of Congress ?
The cultivation of the soil is an obligation imposed
upon man by nature; and this fact alone would
seem to impose upon Government the obligation
to encourage it to the full extent of its power.
When so much is done by direct legislation for
other interests, is it not fair that the one para-
mount to them all should be aided? We expend
annually some seven or eight millions of dollars
in maintaining-our Navy, on the ground mainly that
the protection of our commerce demands it. Our
Armv costs us annually about the same amount,
and these sums are drawn chiefly from the agri-
culturist. We have expended vast sums for har-
bors, fortifications, breakwaters, beacons, light-
houses, dry-docks, and coast surveys, with par-
ticular reference to the growth and protection of
our commercial interest. With a view to the same
abject, we have made large grants, both of land
and money, for the constriction of roads and ca-
nals. We have been expending thousn nds of dol-
lars in the improvement of our war-steamers, in
the projection of missiles of death, and in main-
taining military and naval schools. We have
built up our manufactures by discriminating duties
in their favor, imposed chiefly upon the producer.
We have granted, as I have already shown, from
seventy-five to one hundred millions of acres of
the public lartds, in the shape of military bounty,
to our soldiers, in addition to their lawful stipend.
The public domain has been a common fund, to
which the Government has resorted for almost
every variety ofobject; but not a single aere has
ever been granted for the benefit of agriculture.
Such a phenomenon as an appropriation of land
for experimental farms, or agricultural colleges,
has never been known. Is the cultivation of the
soil an occupation so contemptible, so useless to
the State, as not to demand the attention of the
Government? The encouragement of manufac-
tures, of commerce, and of other less important
interests, is to be commended; but is not the en?
couragement of agriculture, the parent of them all,
at least equally important?
The complaint is sometimes made, that if the
public lands are given to actual settlers, it will in
effect be taxing the remainder of the people to pay
for their farms, since the public revenue will be
diminished in proportion to those gifts, and would
of course have to be supplied from other sources.
But is not one class of tne people taxed for the ben-
flit of another,in themoney raised from theagricuU
turist in the cases I have mentioned ? The culti-
vator has always been taxed for the support of
other interests. I deny, however, that the public
revennc would be diminished by making the pub.
lie lands free. According to the report of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, these lands can no longer
be looked to as a source of revenue, at least for
many years toeome,underourpresentsystem. He
shows that our late bounty land acts will yet require
about seventy-nine millions of acres, and that
when they have finally exhausted themselves they
will have diverted from the Treasury the sum of
more than |113,000,000. The warrants issued under
these acts are made assignable, and will be bought
at greatly-reduced prices by speculators, who will
pick and cull all the choice lands, hoard them up
for their own selfish advantage, and thus exclude
the settler from them, and at the same time drive
the Government from the market which it has
thus glutted by its own improvident policy. Be-
sides, if the present system should be persisted
in, Congress will continue, and probably multi-
ply, its grants of land for internal improvements,
and for other purposes, thus making large addi-
tional drains upon the revenue otherwise derivable
from this source. The old-fashioned project, there-
fore, of raising a rerenne from the public domain
is perfectly chimerical, and must be abandoned.
This is now very generally admitted. If adhered
to, the Government would realize from it but little,
if anything, for the next quarter of a century, be-
yond the six or seven hundred thousand dollars
annually required to defray ike expense it occtr
