138
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 6,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Two per cent. Fund in Missouri—Mr. Clay.
Ho. of Reps.
eions, as must be manifest, I think, from the cal-
culations of the Secretary. It follows, therefore* I
that the sums heretofore raised from the sales of
the public lands must be made up from other
sources, whether we continue or abandon our pres-
present policy. The question of revenue is ex-
cluded.
But admitting that the passage of this bill would
divert some two or three millions annually from
the public Treasury, for the direct benefit of actual
settlers, it still would not follow that a tax of this
amount would be imposed upon the rest of the
community. Whilst the freedom of the public
domain to actual settlers, would be a measure em-
phatically for the benefit of the poor, all classes
would share in the advantages resulting from it.
It would decrease poverty, and the vices and
crimes to which it gives birth, by withdrawing its
victims from our crowded cities and the slavery of
capital, and giving them homes upon the fertile
acres of the West. It would drain pauperism
from the old States, and thus relieve them from
the burden of a population of superabundant la-
borers, whilst enterprise, industry, and wealth,
would abound in the new. Instead of diminish-
ing:, it would increase the public revenue. This,
chiefly, is derived from duties on foreign imports.
The amount of revenue thus obtained depends
upon the number of consumers of imported arti-
cles. Increase the number of agricultural produ-
cers, therefore, and you increase the number of
those who consume foreign imports, thus increas-
ing the revenue derived from this source; because,
by giving a man a home upon the soil, you add to
his ability to produce, and thereby increase his
ability v> buy articles of necessity or luxury
which pay duty. If we export annually one hun-
dred millions worth of agricultural products, we
shall import at least an equal amount of foreign
goods subject to duty. If our vacant lands are
made free to actual settlers, and we are thus
enabled by their products to export one hun-
dred and fifty millions, our imports will of
course increase in proportion, and so will the
receipts at the custom-house. If revenue be the |
object, here is its true source; and Congress, in- I
stead of madly endeavoring to raise money from i
the sale of the public lands, should adopt the
policy that will promote their greatest productive-
ness. Their settlement, and improvement, should
be the paramount object. By this policy we shall
thus accomplish the double object of giving homes
and employment to the landless laborers of the
country, and, at the same time, replenishing the I
national Treasury. Humanity and the dollar will |
go together. The public lands in their wild state
are yielding nothing. It is the obvious interest of
the Government, as I have before stated, that they
should be rendered as productive as possible. Un-
der our present system, selling as we do from two
to three millions worth of land annually, it will
require hundreds of years to dispose of the whole
of our public domain; and as there is no law pro-
hibiting land traffic, the sales that are made as often
prevent as promote the settlement of the country.
The millions of acres which this policy would con-
tinue in unproductive idleness, slowly diminishing j
in quantity for centuries, should all the time be
sustaining a hardy yoemanry, and filling the cof-
fers of the nation; and the Government robs itself
of wealth, to whatever extent its policy fails to
secure these objects. It acts like the miser, who
buries his treasure so that it can yield nothing. On
the other hand, make the public lands free on con- !
dition j)f occupancy and improvement, and the j
labor of our landless and homeless population, who
have no capital but their muscles, will be united to
the soil in the production of wealth. The public
domain will thus be improved and the Govern-
ment enriched by giving homes and employment :
to the poor; for it is as difficult to raise a revenue
by taxing its paupers, as by preventing the settle-
ment of its lands. The Treasury will be filled by j
rescuing starving thousands from the jaws of land :
monopoly, and imparting to them happiness and
independence. The degraded vassal of the rich, i
who is now confined to exhausting labor for a
mere pittance upon which lo subsist, or
" Who begs a brother of the earth
To give him leave to toil,"
will find a home in the West; and, stimulated by
the favor of the Government, the desire for inde-
| pendence, and the ties of the family, the wilder- \
ness will be converted into smiling landscapes, •
and wealth poured into the nation's lap. Hu-
manity to the poor thus unites with the interest of
the nation in making the public domain free to
those who so much need it; taking gaunt poverty
into the fatherly keeping of the Government, and
giving it the home of which land monopoly has
deprived it; administering to it the blessings of
existence, and at the same time using it as an in-
strumentality for building up the prosperity and
wealth of the Republic. Sir, I ask gentlemen if
these things are not so ? I ask those who mean to
oppose this policy if any wiser or better one can
be proposed with respect to our public lands?
Some disposition of them must be made. By some
method or other they should be rendered a source
of agricultural and financial wealth. The admin-
istration of them is costing us annually nearly
three quarters of si million of dollars under our
present system. TheGovernment,as Ihaveshown
by reference to the late Treasury report, has
already practically repudiated the pledge which it
made of these lands in 1847 for the payment of
our public debt. The management of them, I re-
peat, presses upon us as a serious, practical ques-
tion; and I call upon those who denounce this
measure to meet the views I have advanced fairly,
and, if they are untenable, to bring forward some i
plan for disposing of our public domain more con-
ducive to the interest of the whole country, and
more likely to command the favor of a majority
of Congress.
Mr. Speaker, I will detain the House no
longer. What may be the ultimate fate of this
bill I cannot pretend to decide. That some meas-
ure, however, substantially embodying its pro-
visions, will receive the sanction of Congress, I
have no doubt. This may not happen at the
present session, but its postponement cannot be
far in the future. The policy of making the pub-
lic lands free will prevail, because, as I believe,
the people have willed it, and their will cannot
return to them void. It will prevail, because it
appeals to the American pocket, and at the same
time to the American heart. It will prevail, be-
cause, like the question of cheap postage, it comes
home to the business and bosoms of the million,
and lays humanity under contribution to its suc-
cess. It will prevail because it appeals to the
Democratic idea of the nation, and promises to
make effective the right of the people to " life,
liberty, and the pursuit of happiness." Great
names, eminent statesmen, are ranging themselves
among its advocates; but my reliance is upon the
intelligence and integrity of the people—upon the
agricultural, mechanical, and laboring masses of
the country. Politicians may denounce and revile
it; they may brand it as " agrarianism" and
" demagogism," but they will be powerless to stay
its progress, or prevent its final triumph. It is
incarnate in the popular heart; it rests upon the im-
mutable principles of justice; it forms an import-
ant part of the great reform movement of the age— j
a link in the chain of the world's progress; it is in
harmony with "the power that moves the stars
and heaves the pulses of the deep."
TWO PER CENT. FUND IN MISSOURI.
REMARKS OF MR. CLAY AND REPLY
OF MR. BENTON,
I In the Senate, February 6, 1851.
The bill to make good to the State of Missouri
i the two per centum of the net proceeds of the
; sales of Public Lands heretofore withheld from
that State, being tinder consideration— i
Mr. CLAY said:
Mr. President: When this bill was celled up
some days ago, I said to the Senate that instead
of Missouri being the creditor of th e General Gov-
; ernment on account of the two per cent, fund re-
! ferred to in this bill, it would be seen upon an ex-
amination of the whole subject that she was largely
i the debtor of the General Government. In rising '
1 now, my purpose is, as far as I can, to make good j
that statement; and I think upon the exposition
which I shall present, it will be seen that every
cent of the two per cent, fund reserved in the com- I
pact between Missouri and the General Govern-1
ment has been expended, and a great deal more; I
that it was expended with the silent acquiescence
at least of the State of Missouri, and with the
positive votes of her Senators and Representatives
during the passage of the various bills to which I
shall have occasion to refer; that it was expended
in the construction and continuation of the Cum-
berland road from Cumberland, in Maryland, to
Vandalia, in Illinois; that it stopped in conse-
quence of a collision which arose between the
States of Missouri and Illinois, or rather, I believe,
between the towns of St. Louis and Alton, as to
what should be the terminus of the road.
It will be seen in this exposition that between
seven and eight hundred miles of the Cumberland
oad have been actually constructed, at a cost for
nearly six millions of dollars, and constructed
upon a pledge of reimbursement to the Govern-
ment of the United States of the amount expended
from the two per cent, fund, derivable first from
Ohio, then from Indiana, then from Illinois, and
then from Missouri. It will be seen that the Gen-
eral Government is out of pocket to the amount
of $4,500,000, and instead of being reimbursed
the $5,800,000, she has only been reimbursed to
the extent of about $1,230,000, or $1,300,000.
This will be shown in the progress of what 1 have
to say, and will be seen from the laws to which 1
shall call the attention of the Senate.
Mr. President, I beg leave to say, by way of
apology—for, as you perceive, I have but rarely
interfered in public business, and wish to do so as
little as possible, except when impelled by a pro-
found sense of duty—that I have had something to
do with this road in former years. I contributed
in some degree, as far as my humble capacity
would allow, to the passage of laws which, ses-
sion after session, for a period of years, were great-
ly contested in the other branch of the National
Legislature, to make appropriations to construct
and continue this road; and in those laws, as I
shall presently have occasion to show, pledges
were made of reimbursement to the General Gov-
ernment of the amount to be expended out of the
two per cent, fund, a portion of which is now de-
manded of right by Missouri, as if no part of it
had been expended for her use or in conformity
with, the compact made with her. Having con-
tributed in this way to the passage of those appro-
friations, and having proposed the pledge to which
have referred, I feel myself called upon by^a
sense of honor, for the part I have taken on this
subject when it was before the other branch of the
National Legislature many years ago, to show that
the Government of the United States is under no
obligations to anyone of the four States I have men-
tioned—Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, or Missouri—to
pay one single cent of the two per cent. fund. It
will be of some consequence to call the attention
of the Senate, in the first place, to the compact be-
tween the State of Missouri and the General Gov-
ernment, out of which this claim originates. It
will be found in the third volume of the laws, page
547. The third condition of that compact, which
I will rend from the sixth section of the act to au-
thorize the people of Missouri Territory to form a
constitution and State government, is as follows:,
" That five per cent, of the net proceeds of the sale of
lands lying within the said Territory or State, and which
Bhall be sold by Congress, from and after the 1st day of Jan-
uary next, after deducting all expenses incident to the same,
shall he reserved for making public roads and canals, of
which three fifths shall be applied to those objects within
the State, under the direction of the Legislature thereof,
and the other two fifths in defraying, under the direction of
Congress, the expenses to be incurred in making of a road
or roads, canal or canals, leading to the said State."
By this condition it will be observed a reserva-
tion was made of five per cent, of the net pro-
ceeds of the sales of public lands in Missouri;
three per cent, to be expended within the State,
and two per cent, to be expended without it.
With respect to the three per cent, to be expended
within the State, it has been paid from time to
time to Missouri, and no claim is attempted to ba
setup on that account. The claim is altogether for
the two per cent, fund, which was to be expended
under the direction of Congress in making of roads
or canals leading to Missouri. The Senate will
also observe that no specific kind of road is pro-
vided for. It is not provided that it shall be a
railroad, a macadamized road, or any other pe-
culiar kind of ■road; it was to be a road. The
money was to be expended under the direction of
Congress, and Congress was to be the judge of
