140
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 6,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Two per cent■ Fund in Missouri—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
constructed; thirdly, exercising the discretion ex-
pressly vested in it by the compact between Mis-
souri and the General Government, the General
Government expended not merely §230,000, but
probably more than three times that amount, even
admitnn? Missouri not to be chargeable tor any-
thing expended on the road prior to its reaching
Illinois.
One word now with respect to the document
which my friend from Illinois presented. I am
ouite sure, and I think I may venture the belief,
that the committee did not attend to these special
appropriations, and these express declarations in
repeated acts, that the two per cent, fund arising
from the sales of public lands in Missouri was
pledged ti the reimbursement of the General Gov-
ernment for its expenditures on lhis road. My
friend has presented a document from the General
Land Office, showing that eight out of the twelve
land States have received the whole of the two per
cent, fund, and that four have not received it.
Why have those four States not received it? Ohio
did not receive it because it was pledged to the re-
imbursement of the Government for the expendi-
ture it incurred on the Cumberland road. Indiana
did not receive it for the same reason. Illinois
did not receive it for the same reason. I venture
to say in regard to the eight States which are said
to have received the entire five per centum, three
per cent, to be expended within the limits of the
State, and two per cent, to be expended without
the limits of the State, that in none of them was
any road commenced under the authority of the
General Government leading to those States, and
pledging the two per cent, fund reserved for those
States as a fund for the reimbursement of the Gen-
eral Government.
On looking a little into this subject of roads, I
find an appropriation of $20,000 foropeninir a road
from Dubuque, in Iowa, to the northern boundary
of the State of Missouri. There is no pledge of
the fund in that instance, but certainly, admitting
a claim on the part of Missouri, it would be an
equitable offset, for the compact does not say that
a road shall be run in any particular quarter. I
I find that an act was passed in 1839 authorizing
the construction of a road from Dubuque to the
northern boundary of Missouri, by which it was
provided:
" That the sum of $90,000 be, and the same is hereby,
appropriated, out of anv money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, to tlie opening and construction of a road
in tile Territory ot Iowa, from Dubuque, on the river Mi s
«i* ippi, to "noli point in the northern boundary of the State
ofMiwouri as may be best  nited for its future'extension by
that .State to the cities of Jefferson and St. Louis, witluii
the same."
Mr. President, if I am right in the views which
I have presented to the Senate, it follows that this
bill ought not to pass; and even if it were to pass
I should be glad to know whence we derive the
authority to make the new compact which is pro-
posed in the bill with the State of Missouri. If
the money belongs to her we ought to pay it to her
and let her dispose of it as she pleases. But here
we find it is proposed that the Legislature of that
State shall first pass an act declaring their accept-
ance of the money. There is also a provision,
which is to be unalterable without the consent of
Congress, that the whole of this fund shall be faith-
fully applied, under the direction of Missouri, to
the two railroads heretofore chartered by the Gen-
eral Assembly of that State—the Pacific and iilis-
sissippi Railroad and the railroad from Hannibal
to St. Joseph, in that State. What right have we
to make any such compact?
The honorable Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Eento.v,] it is known, has very much at heart a
great national project. It is worthy of his high-
est consideration and of his best efforts. It is the
making of a railroad from St. Louis to the Paci-
fic ocean. I hope it may turn out that St. Louis
is a proper point of terminus for such a road.
But until explorations, and surveys,and estimates
are made of all the proposed routes—for there is 1
one proposed north of St. Louis, and two at least
south of it—I think it would be very incautious 1
and improper on the part of Congress to commit
itself to any one particular route. Let us ascer- !
tain which it will be the most advantageous to j
u ° j1' 'Ct U? 'cnow expenses, the obstructions,
the difficulties to be surmounted in the constj-uc-
r '1 if i1'16 var'ous routes before we do anything. I,
I shall be extremely happy if it shall turn out that'!
I of all the various routes proposed the one which
is contemplated to begin at St. Louis is the best;
but I cannot, upon the information which I now
possess, satisfy my mind upon this point, ami
therefore 1 do not wish to pledge myself to any
particular route. 1 understand tins new compact
which it is proposed to make with the State of
Missouri has for its object the extention of a rail-
road from St. Louis to the western limit of that
State, being a part or section of that road, the
construction of which the Senator from Missouri
has so much at heart.
In conclusion, sir, allow me to say that this ap-
propriation of the two per cent, fund, arising from
the sales of the public lands in Missouri, has been
made from vear to year for about thirty years,
during which the honorable Senator [Mr. Den-
ton] has had a seat on this floor. All those pro-
visions pledging the two per cent, fund of Missou-
ri to the reimbursement of the General Govern-
ment have been made while the honorable Senator
has been a member of tins body. Not one word
of remonstrance, not one word of complaint has
been heard on the part of Missouri or on the part
of her Representatives on either floor of Congress.
On the contrary, we find them acquiescing, and
consenting, and agreeing to the pledges. And now,
after all the money has been expended by the
General Government for the benefit of that State
and of other States, we are asked to give the State
of Missouri $230,000. I think there is no founda-
! tion whatever in justice for the demand.
Mr. BENTON. I would ask the Secretary to
read the amendment made to this bill.
The amendment was read.
Mr. BENTON. I have merely called for the
reading of that amendment as an answer in itself
full and complete to all the last part of the Sena-
tor's speech.
Mr. President, the Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Clay] dates the origin of this road from March,
1806. I believe it was about that year that the
; Senator came into the Senate. He dates its origin
I from March, 1806, if I caught the date aright; and
i he says it was at that time to go " to " the Ohio
river. It caused a great struggle afterwards, about
the year 1820, to carry it across the Ohio. This
is the Senator's history of the origin of the road.
Now, it so happens "that the acts for this road
commenced in April, 1802, four years before the
time which the Senator supposes, and that, so far
from stopping at the Ohio river, the very first act
and the compact with Ohio upon the subject pro-
vided for carrying it through the States which they
reached. The very first act, and the compact the
State of Ohio made upon the propositions sub-
mitted by Congress, commenced the 30th April,
1802; and by that proposition the five per centum
was to belong alsolutely to the State, and the road
was not only to be carried "to" the State, but
through it—t-h-r-o-u-g-h, through it. This is not
a mere error of time in the Senator from Kentucky,
but an error of substance in its application to this
argument. In 1802 we had no Missouri—no Lou-
isiana—and nothing which Congress then did had
any relation to her. Louisiana was then a part of
the dominirn of the French Republic, acquired by
the first Crnsul in his treaty with Spain in the
year 1800. The Senator, then, I think, is in great
error, in point of chronology, in giving his date of
180G as the birth of this road, and thereby making
our laws applicable to Missouri before she belonged
to us. He is equally in error as to his date for
making the Cumberland road cross the Ohio: that
was provided for in 1802—eighteen years before
the time tl.at the Senator supposes. The very
first proposition for the road was to carry it to,
and through, the State of Ohio—to carry it from
the navigable waters emptying into the Atlantic
ocean to the new State, and through it; and one-
twentieth of the net proceeds of the land sales
within the State were reserved formaking the road.
The navigable waters of the Atlantic was the start-
ing point: and it is in consequence of this initial
point fixed in the law at that time that the old
Fort Cumberland of General Braddock, the now
city of Cumberland, became the point of com-
mencement for the road. These are the facts of
the case. 1 will read the third proposition sub- '
mitted to the State of Ohio by the Congress of the
United States, which will prove what I say to be
in the book:
Jicl of Jljn il 30, 1809.
'• Third. That one twentieth of the net prneeedi of the
lands Ijing within tlie saitl State, sold by Congress from and
ait.'r the Hflth of June next, al'trr di'diieting all expenses
incident to the -anie, shall he applied to the laying out and
making public roads lending Jrom the nariialte u aters
emptuinz into the -itlautie, to the Ohio, to the said State,
and thiongh the same; said loads to he laid out, under the
anthoritj of Congress, with tile consent of the several States
through which the road shall pass : Provided, always, That
the three foregoing propositions herein offered nrc on the
eondmon that the convention of the said State shall provide,
b> an ordinance, irrevocable without the consent of the
United Static, that every and each tract of land sold by
Congress from and after the 30th dav of June next, shall ba
and remain exempt from any tax laid by order or under
authority of the State, whether for State, county, or town-
ship, or any other purpose whatever, for the term of five
years from and after the day of sale."
This is the original proposition—its date, the
30th April, 1802. It was immediately accepted by
Ohio, with the other articles of the compact. This
fixes the origin of the road before our acquisition
of Louisiana; and it also establishes the fact that
■ the road was to cross the Ohio river, and go through
I the State—to go to its western limit, instead of
being terminated, as the Senator from Kentucky
supposes, at its eastern limit. This was the origin
of the road, and the surrender of the sovereign
right of taxing the public lands was the high price
which the young State paid for it. In the year
I 1803, this article of the compact was slightly modi-
j fied, so as to divide the reserved fund into two
I parts—three fifths to be applied in making the road
to the State, and two fifths within and through it.
i The object remained the same; the amount of
money remained the same; the character of the
roads remained the same; the mode of applying
the money only was altered.
I quote from a report of the committee of the
House of Representatives of 1835, which shows
these facts, and especially the great point that
the road was to go " to "and " through" the. State:
" By the act of3d March, 1803, the above proposition was
so modified as to commit to the State three fifths of the
reservation for roads, to he expended within the State, re-
serving two fifths, or two per cent, on the sales, to be ap.
propnated, agreeably to the terms of the act, to roads leading
J| to and through the States.'-
; I lay stress upon these words " to" and
" through," and repeat them many times over,
because the Senator from Kentucky, if I caught
his words right, seemed to have very indefinite
1 ideas—very vague and erroneous—on this import-
ant point. He seemed to think, and so to express
himself, that the two per centum was to be applied
" outside" of the State, and also that it was suf-
ficient if the roads were made in a "direction to-
wards the States." If I miss his words, I hope to
be set right. Now, these words of the Senator
are neither the words of the law, nor their equiva-
lents. They are different words, with different
meanings, and lead to different conclusions. " Out-
side" implies no contiguity—no contact—it may
I be any distance off. "To" is definite and pre-
cise—and requires contiguity—contact—touching.
"In the direction toward," is not equivalent to " to
and through." It may be anywhere—in the moon
even—provided one end points at Missouri. No,
sir, these are neither the words nor the meaning
of the words. Missouri made a sad bargain when
she gave up the right of taxing forty millions of
acres of land for three per cent, of the sales to
make roads within the State, and two per cent, to
make a road to her. That was sad enough, but
entailed upon her by the compacts of the previous
new States. She would have been senseless to
have given up such a right of taxation for a road
" outside" of her limits, or for one pointing in the
direction towards her.
I have read the acts of 1802 and 1803, both of
which were before the time the Senator from Ken-
tucky supposes the road had its birth. In 1816 a
compact was made with the State of Indiana; and
that keeps up the same cardinal idea of contiguity.
It says:
"That five per cent, of the net proceeds of the lands
lying within the said Territory, and which shall be sold by
Congress from and after the first day of December next,
after deducting all expenses incident to the same, shall be
reserved for making public roads and canals, of which three
fifths shall be applied to those objects within the said State,
under the direction of the Legislature thereof, and two
fifths to the making of a road or roads leading to the said
State, under the direction of Congress."
In this compact with Indiana, as in that of Ohio,
it is clear that the five per cent, was the money of
the State—belonged to her—and was to be laid
