144
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 8,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Captors of the Frigate Philadelphia—Mr. Yulce.
Senate.
remains to be acted upon, and urged, as a strong
argument for the establishment of some tribunal to
relieve us from it. Why, sir, I know of no doc-
ument, professing to gve facts for the information
and action of the House, more erroneous and de-
ceptive than that. It is there stated, that from the
Twenty-fifth to the Twenty-ninth Congresses, in-
clusive, seventeen thousand six hundred and nine-
ty-three cases were presented to the House, being
an average of three thousand five hundred and
thirty-eight for each Congress. They aie rep-
resented as so many distinct cases, when our
experience leaves no doubt, that by far the great-
er number of cases presented in the Twenty-
ninth Congress were cases before each of the pre-
ceding Congresses, and counted from five to ten
times over, once for every Congress and every ses-
Bion, until the adoption of the rule, a few sessions
ago, leaving the unfinished business of the first in
the same condition at the subsequent session of
each Congress, to give this mass of private matter
such huge and terrific dimensions, in order to drive
us to the adoption of some such measure as that
proposed—a sort of substitute Congress, pro tanto.
We know that most of the cases before every
Congress are old ones; some of tiiem have been
settled by preceding Congresses, who understood
the facts as well, or better than we can. Some
have been looked into, and laid aside as devoid of
merit, and the failure to act upon them occasions
no injustice whatever to those in whose names
they are prosecuted. They do, to be sure, by being
pressed upon committees, consume a portion of
the time which might be devoted to new and mer-
itorious cases, which constitute comparatively but
a small portion of the cases presented to each
Congress. And I fear, sir, many of the cases
originate with and are prosecuted by agents in the
names of parties who know and care but little
. about them, and get, perhaps, but a small portion
of them, if allowed.
I have some reason for the apprehension I have
expressed. During the last Congress I received a
memorial in the name of a highly respectable citi-
zen in my own State, as administrator of a revolu-
tionary officer, sent me by another highly respect-
able gentleman, a constituent, who was in the i
habit of attending to claims against the Govern- j
ment, informing me that the books of the Treasury |
Department would show a balance standing to the
credit of the officer on whose estate administration 1
had been taken.. I presented the memorial, had it !
referred to the Committee of Claims, and ad-
dressed a letter to the then Register of the Treas-
ury, requesting him to examine the books to as-
certain whether there was such balance standing
to the credit of the officer. He reported that, from
an examination of the books which had been made,
no such balance could be found. I informed my
constituent of the answer which had been re-
ceived, and some time after that, a gentleman in-
quired of me whether I had received a letter from
my constituent referred to. I had not then re-
ceived it, but in a day or two I did receive a letter,
informing me that this gentleman would give me a
reference to the book and page which would show
the balance claimed. I inclosed the reference to
the Register, who certified that there was such a
balance standing to the credit of the officer, and
upon that certificate the Committee of Claims, not
doubting that the amount was due, had no hesita-
tion in passing a bill for its payment. It went to
the Senate, and, I understand, fell into the hands
of a Senator who had, in an early period of his
life, been connected with one of the Departments,
and possessed on that account, perhaps, a better
knowledge of the routine of official business and
of official records than most of us possess. In an
exam'nation which he made, I understand he
found that the balance claimed had been settled.
This case originated, I think, from information
derived from one who was, or had been, a clerk;
and furnishes a warning caution that certified bal-
ances are not always correct. Other similar in-
stances might be mentioned.
If the unjust claims—many of them prosecuted
«n the names of persons who perhaps know noth-
ing about them, and care but little—could be sepa-
rated from the mass of private business, by the
adoption of proper ru'c3 or instructions to the
several committees, the business deserving the
consideration of Congress might be brought with-
, in moderate limits; and proper attention to such
i business on private bill days would supersede the
necessity of any such tribunal as that proposed.
: Appeals to our discretion would then remain where
they have heretofore remained, and should con-
tinue to remain; and such as grow out of transac-
, tions with the Executive Departments, and are
cognizable by the accounting officers of the Gov-
ernment, constituting, with the advice and assist-
ance of the Solicitor of the Treasury and Attorney
General, when necessary, in cases of difficulty,
much better tribunals for meritorious claimants
and the Government than any board of commis-
sioners that may be created, would receive the
examination and adjustment of those officers, as
, heretofore. Indeed, is it probable that such a
board can understand the rules and regulations of,
the several Departments, often important, so well
as the accounting officers, frequently able lawyers
I themselves, do those of their respective Depart-
ments? " Quisquis in sua ante credendum est," is a
wisemaxim, and sliouldnot be disregarded. Why, i
sir, the business of the committee with which I
have been connected some two or three Con-
gresses, has rendered it necessary to make calls
upon the Third Auditor, and other auditing offi-
, cers of the Treasury Department, for reports 1
touching matters connected with their respective '
j Departments, and some of them evince an acute-
, ness, a range of research and strength of judg-
j ment, which prove them to be valuable officers to
the Government, and no less valuable to just and
meritorious claimants who have well-founded de-
| mands. I have much more confidence in the cor-
, rectness of their decisions than in such as will i
probably be made by the board about to be cre-
; ated. I
| Believing, then, that there is nothing to be gained
to the country or to meritorious claimants by the
adoption of the bill of the Senate as amended, or
'• the substitute of the gentleman from Virginia, and
| that the only proper correction of the evil com-
i plained of, in regard to the greater number of the
j cases, must be applied here by the adoption of
proper rules, and the prompt discharge of our du-
I ties, I see no absolute necessity for any legislation
; at all. But, sir, if the House think otherwise, and
is determined to relieve itself of a portion of the
duties which devolve upon us, let some plan be
adopted that will accomplish the object, and involve
little or no hazard. Such a plan, 1 think I have
embodied in the amendment which I have offered I
to the substitute submitted by the gentleman from I
Virginia. It proposes to refer all pecuniary de-
mands against the Government to the district or
circuit courts of the United States, to be decided
according to the principles of law and equity, with
the right of appeal as in cases in equity. The
suit is to be commenced, upon security being given
by the claimant, unless he sue in farina pauperis,
by petition in the district or circuit court, where
the demand arose, setting forth the facts with
brevity and precision, a copy of which is to be
issued by the clerk to the district attorney, who is
to forward a copy to the Secretary of the Treasury
Upon the receipt of it he is to forward to the dis-
trict attorney, who is to be made a party de-
fendant, all the information which the records
and files of any of the Departments may fur-
nish in relatioa to the matter, and the attorney
is to file such answers as the nature of the case
may seem to require. After the answer is filed,
the parties are to be at liberty to examine wit-
nesses in couit, and the testimony is to be reduced
to writing, and made a part of the record. The
judge is to be at liberty also, when necessary, to
issue commissions to take depositions de bene esse,
to impannel a jury to try issues of fact; and, if
the attorney finds it necessary, he is to be at liberty
to file suggestions, or interrogatories, to be an-
swered by the claimant, or to be taken as admitted,
if he declines to answer, or makes insufficient an-
swers. The evidence being closed, and the record
completed, the court is to make such decree as the
principles of law and equity may seem to require,
and award costs when the decision shall be against
the claimant, unless the principles of equity may
require otherwise. The clerks of the several courts
are to forward all the judgments, or decrees, to the
Secretary of the Treasury by the first of January
of each year. Such as shall be against the Gov-
ernment, and shall not exceed ^500, are to be
final, and payable at the Treasury out of any
money not otherwise appropriated: and those of
larger amount are to be reported, with a copy of
the record, to Congress. Where there is no inti-
mation of unfairness, Congress, it is to be pre-
sumed, will promptly make the necessary appro-
priations; where there may be, it will hold the cor-
rective. There is a section which provides that
the act shall continue in force for four years only
from its ratification. Such is the general character
of the amendment with the modifications I have
made.
If the bill shall become a law, it will relieve
Congress from all cases, the adjustment of which
may be had upon principles of law and equity,
whether decided in favor of the Government or
against it, if the judgment shall not exceed five
hundred dollars; and those of greater amount,
where there is no allegation of unfairness, would
occasion, I apprehend, but little trouble. The
purity and high character of the judiciary would
give the decrees of the courts a weight with Con-
gress, which would not attach to the decisions of
a Board of Accounts, and thereby insure more
speedy relief to claimants, with much less hazard
to the Treasury from fraudulent and unfounded
demands. Relieving Congress of the cases falling
within the purview of my amendment, and to the
extent proposed, the remaining mass of private
business might be brought within manageable
limits—such that Congress might, by adopting
judicious rules for excluding unmeritorious and
oft-rejected cases, and proper attention to such
business, heretofore, and especially for this and
last session, too much neglected, afford prompt
relief in all cases requiring legislative interposition,
and give general satisfaction to the country.
captors of the frigate philadelphia.
DEBATE IN ~TH E SENATE,
Saturday, February 8, 1851.
In Committee of the Whole, on the bill for the
relief of the captors of the Frigate Philadel-
phia.
Mr. BERRIEN. I desire to call the attention
of the chairman of the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs to this bill. It has been reported by that
committee. I look, therefore, to its chairman for
an exposition of the grounds upon which that re-
port has been made. The part which I take in it
is in behalf of the representatives of a gallant sol-
dier and citizen of Georgia, and I propose to sub-
mit an amendment to the bill. I presume the
chairman will explain the ground upon which the
report was made.
Mr. YULEE. With respect to the merits of
the bill, so far as the allowance it is proposed to
make is concerned, I presume no explanation is
necessary, for the claim is almost as old as the
Government. I presume the point on which the
Senator from Georgia desires explanation is in ref-
erence to the distribution.
Mr. BERRIEN. Ifthe Senator will permit me,
I will remark that, having heard some objection
to the allowance made in the bill, I desire that the
chairman of the Naval Committee should state the
grounds upon which the report was made.
Mr. YULEE. I will send the repert to the ta-
ble and have it read. •
The report was read.
It is proposed to appropriate the sum of $100,000,
to be divided among the captors of the frisate
Philadelphia.
Mr. YULEE. Perhaps I can save the time of
the Senate by a very brief explanation of the facts
of the case, as the reading of the statement in the
report might take more time than is necessary.
The point in the case is this: By the general pro-
visions of the law relating to such acts, existing at
the time the frigate Philadelphia had been brought
out of the port by Commodore Decatur, the cap-
tors would have been entitled to the value of the
whole vessel, it being of a larger force than the
capturing vessel. In consequence of the fact that
the vessel was destroyed, and not brought out of
the port, they have claim upon the specific prop-
erty captured, but rest upon the bounty of Con-
gress to make a substitution to them for the value
thus lost by the destruction of the frigate. Ac-
cording to the invariable practice and precedent of
