146
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 8,
31st Cong 2d Sess. Captors of the Frigate Philadelphia—Messrs. Yulee, Berrien. fyc.
Senate.
would administer it according to the letter, but not
one iota further. I believe the principle is wrong,
and ? am against extending it further than we are
compelled by the letter of the law to extend it.
Well, by the letter of the law not a dollar is due
to these captors. They brought no money into
the Treasury. They made "good prize" of no
vessel. They simply started an expedition, which,
if it had succeeded and brought a vessel into port
to be adjudged a good prize, miirht have entitled
them to a part of the proceeds of the sale. But
until that is done they have no claim in law, and
Done in equity, for there is no equity at all in the
case. It is a case of naked law; a case of invid-
ious distinction in favor of the sailor against the
soldier, which should not be extended beyond the
very necessity and requirements of the statute.
If this bill is to pass, and the principle be sanc-
tioned, I hope we will go further. I hope we will
at least be equitable and honest; that we will pay
the widow of Commodore Porter, who is equally
necessitous, and whose husband was equally mer-
itorious and brave with any officer who ever com-
manded a vessel, and who received the worst
return for his gallant services. I hope his widow
wJl be remembered; that we will deal with the
millions he so ga'lantly took in the Pacific ocean
in it>e way it is proposed to deal with this.
Having stated these facts and views, which I
believe are sound, I have 110 disposition to occupy
the time of the Senate further. I am willing
that the bill shoulu be amended in any way, but
an}- amendment short of striking out all after the
enacting clause certainly will not commend it to
my favor.
Mr. YULEE. I will correct briefly the misap-
prehension of the facts of the case under which
the Senator from New Hampshire labors. Here
is the rule of distribution respecting war vessels
which have engag-td with war vessels of the ene-
my successfully.
" That whenever any anntttl vessel, captured and con-
demned a« aforesaid,'■hall have been of superior or equal
force to the public armed vessel of the Cm ted States by
wluoj such captures shall have been made, the forteiture
el.a/'I be and accrue wholly to the captor.- ; and in other
ca^es one half thereof shall be to the use of the United
States, and the residue to the captors."
Now, in all cases of a capture of a vessel having
superior force to that of the captors, the captors
were entitled to the whole value, in other cases to
one half. Now, the only thing which prevented
their receiving the whole value of the frigate as a
prize was the fact that it was destroyed. If it
had been brought into port, they would have re-
ceived the full value of it. We have evidence
that Commodore Preble ordered the vessel to be
destroyed, and that if no such order had been given
they would have been able to carry the vessel
safely out of the harbor.
Now with respect to the compensation 
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I thought the
Senator had a table which showed the rule of the
distribution ofprizes.
Mr. YULEE. I have one, which I will show
to the Senator shortly. Here is a list of the ves-
sels, the value of which has been distributed in
money by Congress, which vessels were captured
by our Navy, and lost or destroyed before they
reached the ports of the United States, and which
comes precisely within the facts of the case now
before the Senate:
Vessels Captured. Amount.
Guerriere 
Java  50,01)0
Frolic  25,000
Peacock   25,000
J-letroi'  ]"2,0o0
Lake Erie vessels  255,000
To Captain Perry 1 5,000
Lake (Jliamplain vessel-- 310,000
Penguin I 25,000
Avon and Reindeer, and
one year's pay ' 50.000
Levant 1 S^OOO"
Cyane   40,000
Algenne vessel*   100,000
llar.itaria vessels : 50,000
To Vte paid out of fir.os
and lorfmtures.
Transfer  
Moshorida 1 8,594
iMirboha  5.000
Black Hnake I 3JI00
Macedonian j aoo.QQo
Remarks.
Destroyed.
il
Recaptured.
Destroyed.
Cl
Purchased.
Destroyed.
Destroyed.
Recaptured.
Purchased.
Restored.
Capt'd from pirates.
Restored.
Destroyed.
Purchased.
I11 all instances in which the Navy have entitled
themselves to a prize, and that prize has been lost,
either by restoration to the enemy, by recapture
by the enemy, or by inability to bring it into port
in consequence of her crippled condition, Congress
has always generously contributed the full value
of the vessel to the crew who would have been en-
titled to it under other circumstances.
Now with respect to the distribution which will
take place under this bill. The Senator will find
here the precise amount which will go, under the
prize act, to each individual concerned:
'• Commander of the squadron, $5,000 ; captain of the
Intrepid, !*'10,000; lieutenants, each, $3,333 S' ; surgeon,
$0,000; boatswain, ,5*),000; gunner, §-2,000; master's
mate;:, each, ■•$2,000," &c.
This will give to the Senator who made the in-
quiry the precise proportion in which the prize
will be distributed under this bill, which adopts the
principles of the prize act.
Now, I have shown that if the vessel had been
taken into port, the captors would have been en-
titled to the value of the prize ; and that, but for
the express order of Commodore Preble, the vessel
would have been brought into port. I have shown
that in all similar cases it has been the practice of
the Government to make a distribution m case the
vessel taken is destroyed. The fact is, as a matter
of historical record, which every gentleman ac-
quainted with Congressional proceedings hereto-
fore knows, that the difficulty in this case has
grown out of the distribution to be made of the
money. The committee propose to settle that by
adopting the prize act as the rule of distribution,
and by giving to the widow of Commodore Deca-
tur the share belonging to him.
I think the Senator from New Hampshire la-
bors under some misapprehension of the facts in
the cases to which lie has referred; that he may
have reference to captures already paid for. The
captures made by the Algerine squadron were paid
for. So the ship captured by the ship John Ad-
ams was paid for. If these are the cases to which
he refers, they have all been paid for. I am una-
ble to make any explanation further, not having
had my attention called to that subject before. I
presume the cases he refers to must be cases of the
captures of private vessels. But this was the case
of the capture of an armed vessel which had the
flag of the enemy flying upon it at the time it was
taken. Although it had been an American vessel
originally, it had become a foreign vessel by the
circumstances of its capture by the Tripolitan Gov-
ernment, and she was held and manned as an
armed vessel of the country with which we were
at war. Shewas an armed ship of the enemy, and
as such was captured; and as such Commodore
Decatur was entitled to a compensation, as we be-
lieve, under the prize act.
Mr. BERRIEN. The question of allowance
of compensation to the captors of the frigate Phil-
adelphia has been so often decided, upon a full
discussion by each House of Congress, though
never contemporaneously by both, that I had little
expectation of hearing that question raised in the
discussion of this bill. Sir, the provision of the
law on this subject has been clearly and distinctly
stated by the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs. The capture of a vessel of an enemy of
superior force to the capturing vessel gave the
right to the property if it were brought into port
and adjudged a good prize. Now, sir, when the
circumstances of the case are considered, unless in
the lapse of time we have forgotten to appreciate
as those who were contemporary with this occur-
rence did appreciate the gallantry of this action, it
will be found to be exactly within the equity of
the law on this subject though not within its let-
ter. The frigate Philadelphia, under the com-
mand of Commodore Bainbridge, cruising off the
coast of Tripoli, grounded and was taken posses-
sion of by the enemy. The commander, officers,
and crew were made prisoners. They were in
this situation when a communication was made to
the officer commanding the United States squad-
ron on that station of the fact that the Tripolitan ,
Government was in the act of fitting out that
vessel to cruise against the armed vessels and com- \
merce of the United States; and under these cir- j
cumstances it was that this expedition, which was
considered not merely one of gallantry but almost |
of desperation, was entered upon. The proposi- J
tion was to go and cut that vessel out of the har-
bor of Tripoli, lying under the guns of the fortress
' and armed vessels of that port. Sfce was then a
Tripolitan vessel; she was a vessel vastly superior
in force to that which was sent against her. I?
would have been in the power of Commodore
(then Lieutenant) Decatur to have brought him-
self within the letter of the law which would have
entitled him to hold the whole value of this vessel.
For if he had brought that vessel out of port and
placed it under the escort of the American squad-
ron she could have been safely brought into the
waters of the United States, and the provisions of
law would have been literally complied with. But
the commander of the squadron, fearing to put
in jeopardy the lives of the gallant men who had
volunteered themselves to go on the expedition,
promptly forbid the attempt to bring her out of
the port, and required that she should be de-
stroyed. The order was complied with, and the
vessel which would have added force to the ene-
my was taken from the enemy, and instead of
being brought out of the port which would have
entitled thAn to the prize, she was, in obedience
to the orders of the commander of the squadron,
destroyed. Now, I wonder if there is any man
who can contend that an act of gallantry like this,
in which the individual interest, the interest which
would have resulted from doing what was prac-
ticable, that of bringing her out of port and bring-
ing her to the United States where she would be
adjudged a prize, is sacrificed in obedience to the
strict orders of the commander of the squadron,
shall be construed so as to deprive the actors of
the rights which result from the transaction ?
Sir, I have been present on former occasions
when this bill was under discussion, but really I
have never heard any question of the equity of the
claim to which these parties entitled themselves by
this very gallant action. The only question.with
regard to this matter has been that of the manner
of distribution, and that is the question which in-
duces my interference in this matter. There are
parties claiming to be entitled to a portion of this
allowance, who are the widow and children of a
gallant son of Georgia, an officer of the American
Army, who with his son perished in the battles in
Mexico, who has left his"widow and children in a
state of almost helpless destitution. They pre-
sent their claim; she presents her claim as oile, and
her two sisters present their claim as the others.
They are all three of them nieces of Commodore
Decatur, adopted by him as his children, and upon
evidence which serves to show that he had declared
his determination to provide for them as his chil-
dren after his death. This is met by the chairman
of the Naval Committee by the production of the
will of Commodore Decatur, by which the whole
of his property is given to his widow, and that
allegation is met by abundant testimony before me
to show that Commodore Decatur, in reposing
confidence in his widow, in devising the whole of
his property to his widow, declared that he did it
in full confidence that she, being in possession of
his wishes in relation to these orphan children,
would provide for them more largely than he would
have done. This evidence I propose to submit to
the Senate, in connection with an amendment which
I shall offer, which evidence will establish the fact
that Commodore Decatur died in possession of
property of the value of one hundred thousand
dollars; that this is ascertained by his declaration
made a short time before his death; that this prop-
erty was bequeathe^) his widow with the express
declaration of his confidence that she knew his wish-
es in regard to these his orphan nieces, and would
provide for them better than he would do. It will
further show that these orphan nieces have never
had any benefit from the property of Commodore
Decatur , and therefore it gives them a right to par-
ticipate in this equitable claim. If this were a legal
claim on the part of Commodore Decatur, if the
vessel taken had been brought into port so as to
give him a claim under the law, it is conceded that
it must have taken the course which is prescribed
by his will. And then, if these orphan nieces re-
ceived nothing, all they could have said would
have been that the wishes of Commodore Decatur
had been disregarded in the administration of his
property. But it is conceded that this is not a legal
claim, thjt it is a claim which addresses itself to
the equity of Congress, founded upon the provis-
