148
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
31st Cong 2d Sf.ss.
Lieutenant General—Messrs. Hamlin, Rhett, fyc.
[Feb. 12
Senate.
equity of Congress, which his will did not con- |
trol, raid cannot control. But the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts say? that his will is the
evidence of his intention at the latest hour of his
lift, and he wm! therefore go according to that.
The Senator from Massachusetts should have rec-
ollected the testimony in this case, which looked
to the fact that Commodore Decatur intended to
leave to His widow his property upon the confi-
dence that she would make this provision for his
nieces. Now, with respect to the statement that
Mrs. Dtecatnr has received nothing from his estate,
I have the evidence contained in letters of Mrs.
Decatur in my possession, which I have abstained
from referring to. But what is the amount which
the chairman of the committee presents? It is the
amount for which the estate sold, which was the
sum of 638,146; but the sum of §37,759 was paid
to the estate, to the person who, under the will,
was entitled to receive the proceeds of the estate.
Now, the fact is, it was paid out for debts and
mismanagement. The evidence afforded by the
letters in my possession is, that Mrs. Decatur per-
fectly understood the intentions of her husband,
and ihat these nieces were committed to her charge
as her children. These letters show that she had
been in receipt of the profits of the estate up to i
, 1825. !
[Letters were here read to show the above facts.]
These letters show conclusively that Mrs. De-
catur wai perfectly apprised of the intention of
Commodore Decatur, and that she was in the re-
ceipt of rents and profits for five years after his
death. I am perfectly well aware that the attention of
the Senate is now given to the mere private claim,
and if it be true that these individuals, for whom
it was the intention of Commodore Decatur to pro-
vide, have never received one dollar of that estate
of which he designed, in giving it to his wife, a
portion should be given to the widow and children
of a gallant officer, whom, with his son, fell in
the war with Mexico, I ask the Senate to sav
whether, in the exercise of their bounty, they will
not grant this, not as a legal claim, but as one
which they may-distribute so as to jive justice and
equity5
) The amount is too small for the consideration of
the Senator front Massachusetts, but to these in-
dividuals, left in a situation of helpless destitu-
tion, §2,500 will be a relief, the granting of which
I trust the Senator will always consider with pleas-
ure.
Mr. MANGUM. I do not intend to occupy the
time of the Senate, but I am anxious to manifest
to the world that we can get through one subject
in one day, and therefore I wish to move an amend-
ment to the amendment of the Senator from Geor-
gia. I believe that in the States generally the
widow is entitled to one third of the personal
froperty. I do not mean to argue this point, but
hope the Senator will accede to the principle.
The amendment I propose is, that the widow shall
be entitled, in the event that the grant is made, to
one third.
Mr. BERRIEN. With an anxious desire that
the question may be brought to a close, I will ac-
cept it as a modification of my amendment.
Mr. MANGUM. 1 hope we shall get a vote
on it now at once, as there is not a gentleman who
needs to be enlightened upon the question.
Mr. YULEE. I will say but a single word. I
apprehend the Senate will be prepared to decide
on this amendment without going into any debate
on disputed facts which are not the subject-matter
for determination by the Senate; as to what Com-
modore Decatur intended beyond what he made
plain in his will. The fact I believe to be per-
fectly clear that Mrs. Decatur has never received
a dollar of benefit from the estate, except it be rent
for Kalorama: and that she is now-depending on
charity for a ::art of her support.
Mr. BERRIEN. Will the Senator allow me
to correct him. The rent which is here spoken of
is the rent for the house in the city of Washington.
Mr. YULEE. Whatever may be the fact, she
has lived with difficulty. It appears by the letters
which the Senator has read, that she has striven
to do her duty towards those ladies. Now, it is
proposed to give her the $10,000 won by the gal-
lantry of her deceased husband; whether due by
law or equity, he would be entitled to it if alive,
to which, being dead,his heirs are entitled. And
I ask the Senate whether there is a husband here
who, were his widow so living in poverty, de-
pending upon charity, would permit the pittance
of $10,000 accruing to her by right, whether equi-
tably or legally, won by his own exposure and
gallantry, to be distributed, $3,300 to his widow,
and between $6,000 and $7,000 to the children ot
a brother who had no other claim upon him than
one belonging to his generosity, and who are liv-
ing now in greater comfort and with greater com-
petency than his widow? She asks for what she
claims as a legal right. And unless it is a legal
right there is no right in us to grant it. When I
say " legal," I include a right accruing out of the
service rendered by Commodore Decatur. Wheth-
er the claim upon us be equitable or legal, it is due
to him, and when recovered by him goes to his es-
tate, and is subject to the disposition he has di-
rected to be made of it.
Mr. MORTON. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn. This is a motion which I hare not made
during the session of Congress. The Senate is too
thin to decide a question of so much importance.
On a division there were ayes 13, noes 20. So
the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. 1 ask for the
yeas and nays upon the amendment, as I think it
will settle the fate of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WALKER. It appears to me that in the
lifetime of Commodore Decatur he placed confi-
dence in his wife. He made his will in her favor.
It is acknowledged on all hands he did so, ex-
pecting that she would be generous to these nieces.
The Senator from Georgia proposes that they
shall be included in this bill. He brings forward
testimony to show that while poor and in distress
herself, scarcely able to live, she did all she could
to provide for "them. Now, by this amendment
it is proposed, not to leave it to the generosity of
the widow to give to these nieces of the bounty,
but that we should take it out of her hands and
, distribute it. If Commodore Decatur were alive
he would frown upon this amendment. That is
the way I look at it. I believe I did once vote to
distribute the fund in this way, but lean never do
so again while the will of Commodore Decatur is
before me.
Mr. HALE. I wish to ask the Senator from
North Carolina [Mr. Mangum] for his reason for
putting this "one third" in? I think, according
to the law in some States, a widow with no chil-
dren gets one half. I do not wish to take an ar-
bitrary rule. The Senator looks as though he
had no reason to give, and, in order to give him
an opportunity to find one, I move that the Sen-
ate adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. MANGUM. 1 suppose that the Senator
from New Hampshire did not desire any expla-
nation. His own intelligence will inform him. I
will, therefore, not occupy the time of the Senate.
I hope the vote will be taken on the amendment.
Mr. HALE. I move to strike out of the amend-
ment " one third," and insert "one half."
The motion to amend the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr." BADGER. 1 am not going to make a
- speech, and I beg the Senate not to be alarmed;
but as the yeas and nays have been ordered, I
owe it to myself, as a member of the Naval Com-
mittee, to say a word in explanation of the vote
I shall give. I concurred in the bill in the form
in which it was reported, but I am now satisfied
that it is proper to adopt the proposed amendment.
This being an application not for the payment of
a debt, but for the granting of a bounty, we have
a right to direct the share of Commodore Decatur,
in what we propose to give, to be divided between
his widow and adopted children, and it is very
proper to do it; because we may well suppose
such a division would have met the wishes of the
Commodore in the altered state of things between
1 his widow and these favored relatives.
The question was then taken on the adoption of
' the amendment proposed by Mr. Berrikv as
modified, with the following result:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Berrien, Bradbury,
I Bright, Chase, Clarke, Cooper, Davis of Mississippi, Daw-
son, Douglas, Hale, Houston, Jones, King, Matigum, Ma-
son, Pcarrr, Seward, Smith, Turney, Underwood, Upham,
and YVhitcomb—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Borland, Davie of Massachusetts, Dodg >
of Town, E wiiii;, Hamlin,Moiton, Plialps, Spmanee, Wales,
Walker, and Yuleo—11.
So the amendment was agreed 'o.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, the
amendment was concurred in, and the question
recurred on ordering the bill to be engrossed for a
third reading. On this question the yeas and
nays were taken, and resulted thus:
YEAS—Mc^rs. Bartj.'r, Baldwin, Berrien, Clarke,
Cooper, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson, Houston. King,
Mangmu, Morton, Phelps, Seward, Smith, Upham, Wales
and Yulie—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Borland, Bradbury, BriglH, CliM, Da
vis of Massachusetts, Dodge of Io\'va, Dougla-". F.vvins.
Hale. Hamlin. Jones, Mason, Norns, Poarre, Spruanen,
Turney. Underwood, Walker, and Whiteomb—19.
So the bill was not ordered to be engrossed.
The Senate then adjourned.
LIEUTENANT GENERAL.
DEBATE IN THE SENATE,
Wednesday, February 12, 1851,
On the joint resolution authorizing the President to
confer the title of Lieutenant General by brevet,
for eminent services.
Mr. HAMLIN said: I voted to lay the resolu-
tion on the table, and I did so for the simple rea-
son that Congress, on various occasions, when
engaged in a foreign war, refused to create the;
office. It is now proposed to create it by brevet,
and, as a necessary consequence, the office will
follow. I think as highly, and I speak openly
and publicly everywhere, of the distinguished
General upon whom this rank is to be conferred,
as any Senator here. But, for the reason that the.
office is unnecessary, and yet that it will be created
if this resolution should be passed, I voted to lay
it on the table and will vote against it when the.
vote shall be taken.
Mr. RHETT. I shall vote for the resolution,
on the simple ground that General Scott merits it.
Any testimonial of our sense of his high and dis-
tinguished services should be cheerfully paid. He
has shed glory on the United States, and we, rep-
resenting the States, ought freely to bestow upon
him all the honor we can with propriety bestow.
I understand that this resolution is intended to be-
stow upon Genex-al Scott a brevet, and nothing
more. He is almost the only officer in the Mexi-
can army who has not been brevetted for services
during that brilliant war. I shall vote, and vote
most cheerfully, to bestow on this distinguished
soldier the honor the resolution proposes, on the
simple ground that he has fairly and gloriously
won it.
Mr. ATCHISON. I will vote against the reso-
lution, for the reason that Congress has, time and
again, returned their thanks to General Scott, and
every other officer, of every grade, that was en-
gaged in the Mexican war. I shall do it, too, be-
cause it can add nothing to the honor of that
distinguished officer, while, us has been observed,
it will be an entering-wedge not only for the crea-
tion of the office of a lieutenant-general of the Army
of the United States, but, as has been reepmmended,
and as we are urged from year to year, to the crea-
tion of higher grades in the Navy—admirals, admi-
rals of the blue, and admirals of the red. All these
things will necessarily follow; and probably in the
next war the title of field marshal by brevet will be
proposed. I want to know whether there is any-
thing substantial in it? General Scott is now the
General-in-ehief of the Army of the United States,
andwas so duringthe Mexican war. Willthe grade
of lieutenant-general add anything to the power of
that office? I think not. Then it is an act of su-
pererogation, to say the least of it; and it is for
these reasons I shall vote against the resolution.
Mr. TURNEY. I regret that we shall be
called upon on any occasion to vote for the crea-
tion of an office which is not for the public good.
1 have always understood that the offices were
for the benefit of the country, and to promote the
public interest, and preserve public rights, and
carry into execution the forms of Government.
It seems to be admitted that this resolution is to
be passed to reward meritorious services of an in-
dividual offieer. I am willing to vote for anything
in the ordinary mode, such as a sword, or any-
thing of that kind, that may be necessary to ex-
cess my entire satisfaction with his conduct in
