1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
149
31 st Cong Sess.
Lieutenant Otneral—Mtnrt. Butler, Hale, Clay, fyc.
Senatx.
A* amy. But we are tilled upon to c rente an
(4m. 1« there any MMMrty lor >u«h an office?
y«, sir: all arree that there is no net-easily for it.
Ii is known that, during the war with Mexico, a
proposition was made to create that office. We
•♦re then engaged in war with a foreisrn Power,
but the proposition was voted down as oeing im-
proper and wrong. The office was not needed, it
iras worse than superfluous. But now, in order
to worship a man—and I care not who that man
may lv—the council of the nation most be drown
from its proper legislative business, to create an
(•(Bee, tot bicaose the public serTice requires •' 
but merely to confer an honor on an individual.
This is a course of legislation of which I disap-
prove, and, disapproving of it, I cannot vote
for the resolution. I thought it strange that this
measure, having been rejected in time of war,
when we were told that such an office was neces-
sary, should be taken up now merely because it is
neeessnry to confer an honor on an individual. I
think it is a bad mode of legislation—it is wholly
uncalled for—in fact it is dangerous to create such
ail office for the purpose of conferring honors on
an individual. If this office is to add to the power
of him who holds it, and if there is danger from
saeh power, I think this mode of legislation is the
proper course to increase that danger. For these
reason*, I shall vote against the resolution.
Mr. Bl'TLER. I concur with my colleague
in saying that I shall vote for this resolution most
chsei fully, as a tribute, a personal tribute to Gen-
eral Scott. He has won for himself and for his
country an historical reputation, and I am willing,
as far r> I can, to bear testimony in my official ca-
pacity to his merits. Until he won his reputation
w Xfeiico I would not have awarded it to him
any more than the Romans would have bestowed
a triumph upon a man who had not gone to war
aid won the laurels to which he waa entitled from
& grateful country. But Geneml Scott has won
the right, and I will award it to him.
Mr. HALE. I shall vote against the resolution.
The honorable Senator from South Carolina says
he wants to write the page of General Scott's
history. 
Mr. BUTLER, (in his seat.) Who said that.'
Mr. HALE. ITiat is the amount of what the
Senator said. I do not pretend to give the precise
words; but I can tell the Senator that mere fame
is worth ,:ttl  or nothing which is conferred by
this Senate. We all know how the votes of the
two Houses of Congress are obtained. Theyare
commanded in most cas^s by the drill of a party
majority, and that man who holds his fame by
such a feeble tenure as that, will find it to be more
evanescent than the j>vts have ever represented it
to be.
On what basia does the fame of the eminent men
of antiquity rest? Does it rest upon any resolu-
tion pass tr by the Roman Senate-or by the meet-
ings of the democracy of Athens ? What, I pray
you, was the title attached to Miltiades or to
Pericles ? Were they called major general or
lieutenant general? How ridiculous would any
man that has come down to us from antiquity
appear bedizened out with these gewgaws, such
as it is proposed to attach to General Scott ? I
have too much respect for General Scott to do it.
If his fame is worth having, it is worth too much
to rest oh any title we can give him. What is the
meaning of this title? I confess that 1 do not un-
derstand what it means. A lieutenant, in military
phrase, is a grade lower than a major or a captain.
General Scott is now a major general, and I am
not sure that to the unsophisticated multitude this
will not seem a step down, and a sort of degrada*
tion of General Scott; because all the people are
not conversant with all the etiquette of military
titles. Besides, if such an humble individual as
I km might advise the sage heads around me, I
would say to the friends of General Scott, look
out! I am not certain but that, in these days of
compromises, in consideration of his being made
a lieutenant general, some compromise is intended
that he shall give up all the claimsandnritentions
to being made commander-in-chief. This is a day
of compromises, and if it should happen that he
should not carry it out in good faith, his fame
would be as bad as that of the agitators who do
not hold to the compromise of the last session. I
would advise them not to put their foot into such a
trap as that; because it is not certain, and perhaps I
not improbable, that that is what is in view. i
Besides, I look upon it as dangerous. Gentle- 1
men seem to smile, but I look at the report of the
Secretary of the Navy, and I see that he has rec- ,
ommended the appointment of some admirals,
and there is another grade to be created between
lieutenants and commanders. I am not certain—
I have looked over that report, and I am not cer-
tain whether there are other grades in the Army
or not. But the constant aim is to raise the grade
as well as the number of officer*. Sir, there is no
necessity for this office; it is acknowledged and
admitted that there ia no necessity for it. It is a
mere attempt to confer something upon General
Scott as a reward for his meritorious services.
Sir, these services are before the country and the
world. I believe myself, that as far as military
skill and military prowess are concerned, General
Scott has a reputation compared with which no
man in the world can stand before him. I believe,
and I am sustained by information from military '
men who were with him in Mexico, that greater
skill, greater science, and more of those charac-
teristics which go to make up a great soldier, never
were displayed by any mortal man than were dis-
played by General Scott, from the time he landed
at Vera Cruz until he entered the city of Mexico.
And it is because I have such a high regard for
him that I am opposed to belittling him by such '
a compliment as the Senate propose to give him.
What is the fame which tne Senate can give
worth? Less than the paper it is written upon.
One party may write it to day and another party
may obliterate it to-morrow. An attempt was
once made, not to increase, but to diminish the
fame of another distinguished soldier years ago,
and the Senate passed a resolution which was
suppesed by some to detract from the merit of the
then President of the United States, Andrew
Jackson; and they wrote it upon the Journals of
the Senate. By and by another Senate blotted it
out, or drew black lines around it. Did the fame
of Andrew Jackson stand one iota the better or
the worse for either of these acts of the Senate?
He stands upon his achievements and upon his
history, which the world knows; and in a very
little while it will be entirely forgotten that any such
resolution was ever passed. So it will be with i
General Scott. If he has done anything to win 1
faror with posterity, that fiime is beyond our
reach, and we cannot touch it. If he has no such
title to a just fame, it is idleand useless, and worse
than useless, for us to undertake, by anything we
can do, to build it up. If I were the warmest friend
that General Scott has, I would vote against this
resolution. I am not saying that I am an enemy
to General Scott, for I have no feelings for him '
but those of the utmost kindness and most pro-
found respect, and it is with entire consonance
with that respect that I would refuse to pass such 1
a resolution, setting aside the evil influences which
such a precedent would be likely to establish in
the country.
Mr. CLAY. I should have been glad to have
had a vote taken upon the resolution, but as some .
discussion has been elicited by it, I beg leave to
say a few words. The resolution has, I think, not
been treated exactly right. It does not name any
individual, and although every Senator may have
some particular officer of the Army in view, there
is nothing in the resolution to authorize it. It pro-
poses to invest the President of tfce United States
with the power, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, if I understand correctly, to
grant the rank of brevet lieutenant general for ser-
vices actually performed. It has been argued in
the progress of this short discussion, that in a war,
when it was raging with all its violence, a propo-
sition which was made to create the office of lieu-
tenant general was rejected. Allow me to make
a few observations upon that. If it was rejected, it
waa not, J believe, until after it had met the con-
currence of the' other branch of Congress, and
even then rejected by a small majority. But what
is the difference between the two _ cases? In that
case it was understood that a particular individual
was designed to be placed in the office of lieuten-
ant gdieral and commander-in-chief of our armies
in the field, if the bill passed. I do not mean to
say anything for or against the merits of the par-
ticular individual whom it was contemplated to
appoint at that time; but this I am free to My,
that individual had rendered no such meritorious
services as would call upon the country to bestow
the rank of lieutenant general. How is it with
this resolution ? It proposes to create that rank
only for actual brilliant services performed. The
case referred to during the wah was one merely in
anticipation of services, and very possibly the ser-
vices might never have been performed. The
proposition now is, to create the rank only where
brilliant, honorable, and patriotic services have
lieen rendered by the person who is to be the recip-
ient of the office. Sir, the difference is too marked,
too obvious, too striking, to admit of a compari-
son between the two cases.
Mr. President, honors by military men are ever .
more highly appreciated than pay, and when they
can be grantea with no injury to our country, I
think it is one of the cheapest modes in which we
can reward them. But it has been said that if you
create the office and rank of lieutenant general
now, you will be called upon by-and-bv to create
the rank of field marshal. No man in tne country
would be more ready to grant it under proper cir-
cumstances, when, in consequence of achieve-
ments and laurels won in service by one of our
brave officers, he shall be entitled to the rank. And
so, sir, with regard to the office of admiral. We
expect to be, we hope to be, we are now the great
competitor for the supremacy of the'ocean. And
do we ever expect to acquire an actual supremacy,
to beat down our great commercial and naval rival, *
without granting the rewards and without bestow-
in? the high honors which are bestowed in all
other countries, and nowhere more freely than by
that Power whose naval supremacy we would
supplant?
Mr. President, I do not mean to dwell upon the
merits of the individual whom it is supposed is to
be rewarded here; the whole country, the whole
world, rings with his praises in a military point
of view. If there ever was an instance in which
it was the duty of a nation to offer its sentiments
of gratitude with a view, to stimulate future mili-
tary action, by bestowing this rank, costing noth-
ing, but grateful beyond description to the individ-
ual who may receive it, the case of the conqueror
of Mexico presents such an instance. ~
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. This resolu-
tion is brought forward as an abstract proposi-
tion, simply to confer on the Government, as I
understand it, the power to grant, whenever it
shall see fit, the rank of lieutenant general by
brevet for meritorious services. I, for one, voted
to lay it on the table, because it was an abstract .
proposition. I saw nothing and knew of nothing
which seemed, in my judgment, to call for a step
of that Bort. I had also on my mind the fact that
the Senate, under quite different circumstances,
had another question of this description under con-
sideration at no very remote period. But if it is
to be made, as it has been made, a question
whether we are to award this to the individual in-
dicated in the remarks of gentlemen, and I am by
my vote to express an opinion upon the services
of that individual, I shall be compelled to vote for
this resolution. I appreciate those services as
highly as any gentleman that has spoken on this
subject. I would be prepared to award to that
gentleman, if his name were before this body, that
meed of merit which he so richly deserves. Inas-
much as gentlemen have thought proper to connect
his name with this resolution, ana to suppose that
it is designed and intended to confer this appoint-
ment upon him, I shall very cheerfully vote for
the resolution.
Mr. HALE. If I had any doubt at all as to
the impropriety of this resolution, they would be
entirely removed by the eloquent speech that has
been made by the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Clay.] It is said that human nature
is totally depraved. I-do not believe that; but if I did
believe that the highest honors which a republic
could bestow for the highest actions were to be found
in the miserable gewgaws with which the Govern-
ment of England bedecks its heroes, I should
mourn for human nature.
The honorable Senator tells us, that if we are
to contend successfully with Great Britain for the
supremacy of the seas, we must follow her in the
honors which she bestows upon her naval heroes,
and we must have admirals—the whole line of them.
