150
APPENDIX TO THECONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 12,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Lieutenant General—Messrs. Seward and Foote.
Senate.
I am glad the concession is made. To meet that
argument I will appeal to our own naval history,
and I ask where was there ever more gallant, and
daring, and chivalrous conduct, than was displayed
oil land and on sea by the heroes of the last war
with Great Britain, particularly in the naval en-
gagements which took place upon the lakes and
upon the ocean ? Was there any motive wanting
which could stimulate to honorable action those
men, when they met the proud mistress of the seas
and humbled her admirals in all their honors and
in all the gewgaws with which they were be-
decked? What was the highest grade to which
they could look forward? Nothing in the world
but that of post captain. No, sir, it was no such
thing as that that impelled, stimulated, and moved
those men. It was a higher, a holier, and a more
generous feeling. It was that patriotic impulse
which resides in the breast of every man who re-
flects that he has a country, and that his country
is entitled to his best services and his noblest ef-
forts; who asks no other reward and no other hon-
ors than the consciousness of duty well performed,
and the acknowledgment of that by those in whose
behalf it is rendered. When you have an army
and a navy composed of such men you may bid
defiance to the world. Your flag shall wave in
triumph over every sea, protecting your commerce
and carrying your name wherever it floats. But
when these motives are insufficient—when the hon-
orable impulses of patriots and patriotism are in-
sufficient to nerve your army in the day of battle,
in the day of trial, in the day of peril, and you
have to rely on those who are sighing for the stars
and garters that royalty confers upon its pimps—
then the downfall of the Republic has commenced
—then the historian may begin the downfall of the
destinies of the Republic. Then he may say that
that which led our armies and our navies to vic-
tory is extinct; that those noble, generous, and
deserving impulses which command admiration the
world over, have given way to that longing and
sighing for honors, which it is said is the only
mode by which we are to contend successfully with
the mistress of the seas. No, sir. It is because
we have had men governed by different impulses
and different motives, because we have had men
_ who looked to no such honors, desired no such re-
wards, who looked to their own consciences and
the approbation of their fellow-men to reward
their services, that the past history of our country
tells so much for our honor, our glory, and our suc-
cess. I want to adhere to the old practices. 1
want to adhere to those times when the men of the
Revolution, and the men of the last war, went
barefooted and hungry, looking for no honors and
no monuments but those which patriotism confers
on the consciousness of duty well performed. I
want to adhere to those times and those days. The
experiment lias been tried and well tried. It has
carried us through three wars—the war of the Rev-
olution, the war of 1812, and the war of Mexico.
I am not willing to depart from the system which
we have tried so long, and which has served us so
well, to copy from the fashions of the monarchies
of Europe.
I am glad that the resolution haa been put upon
this ground. I am glad that the true basis upon
which it rests has been brought out in such broad
colors before the Senate, so that we can know that
in voting for a measure of this kind we are de-
parting from that which has served us so well and
so long, to copy after the Governments of the Old
World, from which we had hoped we were far
separated. If no reason had been suggested be-
fore, I think the opponents of this measure owe a
debt of'gratitude to the honorable Senator from
Kentucky for having brought it out so boldly be-
fore them, so that now whoever votes for this
measure will vote understandingly.
Mr. SEWARD. It is precisely for the reason
that it is not a departure from what has heretofore
obtained in this Government, that I am in favor
of this resolution, and it is precisely for the reason
that occasion calls for it, that I wish to follow out
the line of safe and well-timed precedents from the
day when the independence of this country was
declared until now. It has been the habit of Con-
gress to award honors to soldiers who had distin-
guished themselves in the service of the country.
The records of Congress show that its thanks
were presented, sometimes'on more than one oc-
casion, to each of the distinguished generals of the
revolutionary war. The records show that in
every war in which we have been engaged, the
public thanks have been awarded to soldiers and
to seamen who have distinguished themselves in
the military and naval service. The time has
come when an acknowledgment of this kind is
due to the most eminent hero of the late war with
Mexico.
Senators here who oppose this 'resolution say
that they are willing to adhere to the ancient
course; that they are willing to vote thanks, will-
ing to vote medis, willing to vote swords, but that
they will not adopt the measure of voting a title,
or the title of an office. Sir, the eminent captain
who has been alluded to, has achieved a distinction
heretofore unknown, unattained in the military
service of this country. He carried the war suc-
cessfully to the gates and to the palace of Mexico.
He subdued the country and restored the relations
. of peace. Having achieved this great triumph of
the national arms he was suspended from his
' command, and the command of the army was de-
volved upon another soldier. He came home from
Mexico under the implied censure of his Govern-
ment.
Mr. FOOTE, (interposing.) Will the honora-
ble Senator allow me to interrupt him for a few
minutes, to allow me to suggest, if he is really a
friend to the proposition, that he is pursuing a line
of remark which must, more or less, impede the
passage of the resolution?
Mr. SEWARD. I thank the honorable Sena-
tor. I trust that no such consequence will follow.
I suppose this Senate is capable of appreciating
and willing to appreciate the circumstances which
distinguish this case—which make it a distinct one
by itself. Therefore, because of the peculiar bril-
liancy and glory of the achievements, and because
of the peculiar circumstances in which that efficer
became involved afterwards, implying before the
world some national injustice, it seems to me now
to be eminently right and just to confer, not merely
one of the ordinary tributes of honor, such as a
resolution of thanks, a medal, or a sword to this
distinguished soldier, but the same thing, with
some expression of the national sentiment, cor-
responding to the peculiar circumstances which
require its manifestation. For that reason, I find
myself constrained to vote for the passage of this
resolution. Nor can I see any injurious conse-
quences that will arise from it. It is said, if we
create the office now by brevet, it will be hereafter
demanded of Congress to establish the office in
fact. I believe the American people, instead of
degenerating, are growing wiser and better every
day; and we may safely trust to our successors to
guard the public interests, public welfare, and pub-
lic fame. Let us do what is just, and trust to
posterity. They will do what they shall find just
and wise. It is for these reasons 1 shall vote for
the resolution.
Mr. FOOTE. I should like to understand what
we are doing. If the language whieh I have heard
various gentlemen use on this occasion be justified
; by the facts, and thisis intended principally, if not
alone, as a just compliment to military services of
! a preeminently distinguished character, I can see
; no objection whatever to the resolution. Yet it
has been hinted to me that it is expected that large
additional pecuniary recompense is hereafter to be
; provided, in the event that the resolution should
pass in its present form. If any gentleman who
is informed on fhis subject can enlighten me in re-
I gard to this particular point, I shall certainly be
1 obliged to him. I repeat that it has been suggested
; that it is in contemplation to provide by law for a
large annual stipend, in addition to the pay of a
major general, for the benefit of a particular mili-
tary officer^in case we shall adopt this resolution.
I suppose that at the present time our army offi-
cers are in general sufficiently well paid; if the
contrary is the case, for one, I shall always be
ready to supply deficiencies; and if the distin-
guished gentleman alluded to will be content to re-
ceive the pay which he is now receiving, or but a
moderate amount in addition, I, for one, shall cer-
tainly have the only objection which I could pos-
sibly entertain to the proposition before us entirely
removed. In the present state of uncertainty upon
the delicate point to which I have referred, I am
not certain, as yet, how I shall vote on this reso-
lution, and shall decline absolutely committing
myself to its support until some one better informed
on the subject shall give me assurance that no
great increase of pav is designed, and that this
resolution is intended chiefly, if not exclusively,
as a formal and merited recognition of high public
services to the nation in fields of renown, where
immortal glory was won for the American name
and people. I honor the illustrious personage al-
luded to so often in the progress of this debate as
highly as aay one here. All the commendation
bestowed upon him on this occasion is, in my
judgment, not at all beyond his deserts.. As a pa-
triot, I recognize him as entitled to the most pro-
found respect; as a high-minded and accomplished
gentleman, he possesses my esteem and affection;
as the victor upon many a well-fought field, in
which the national honor was maintained and the
enemies of our beloved country humbled before our
triumphant flag, I respect him—I am grateful to
him—I am proud of him. Nothing could give me
more pain than to be supposed capable of calling
in question, for political or for any other purposes,
the claims of this personage to any complimentary
testimonial which those best acquainted with such
matters may suppose to be proper and becoming.
But, Mr. President, I must say that I lament most
deeply certain suggestions which have been in-
dulged in this morning by one of our body who
avows himself friendly to the passage of this reso-
lution. I allude, of course, to the Senator from
New York who sits overtheway, [Mr. Seward.]
Sir, 1 cannot understand what that Senator means
by a portion of the remarks which have fallen from
him, if he really wishes the resolution to pass. I
could not well imagine a more injudicious course
of advocacy than that which he has thought proper
to adopt. He has more than intimated to us that
General Scott was persecuted by the administra-
tion of President Polk. He threw out an innuendo,
and a very distinct one, to that effect. I never so
believed, nor do I think any man living can estab-
lish such a proposition. I know the gentlemen
who composed that Administration well, and hold
them all to be utterly incapable of intentional in-
justice; and I am pained that, without the least
necessity for it, certain unhappy misunderstand-
ings, of which every true patriot should desire to
become oblivious, should have been obtruded upon
us so unexpectedly and so unseasonably.
Mr. SEWARD. If the Senator will allow me
the indulgence which I yielded to him 
Mr. FOOTE. I concede it to him.
Mr. SEWARD. I certainly disclaim any such
thing—any such attack upon the late Administra-
tion. I passed over altogether the matter of the
complaints against General Scott. I rested on the
fact of his suspension from command alone. The
Senator will perceive at once that I am sincere in
this declaimer, when I remind him that the com-
plaints upon which General Scott was arraigned
were complaints that did not arise here in the capi-
tal, or even in this country, but complaints that
came up from his own camp in Mexico. They
were entertained; and I do not say, I do not intend
to intimate, that they were not necessarily and
justly entertained. The distinguished individual
who filled the office of Secretary of War under the
Administration which conducted the Mexican war
is one of the most eminent men in this country.
He is one of my personal friends—a man for whom
I cherish a very high regard, and to whom I would
be the last under any circumstances to impute un-
necessarily or wantonly even an error of judgment.
I hope that will be satisfactory.
Mr. FOOTE. The gentleman, then, has pur-
sued a course of remark which, to say the least, is
not a little illogical. After the disclaimer just
given, I cannot understand why this disagreeable
topic was alluded to at all. The Senator evidently
seemed to be engaged in an effort to awaken our
sympathies in behalf of General Scott, not so
much upon the ground of the great distinction in
arms which he has acquired as upon the ground
that he had been treated with cruel injustice by
somebody, and had been subjected to peculiar in-
dignities; and now the honorable gentleman tells
us that he did not mean anything of the kind.
Then, of course, he meant nothing. Why the
gentleman should undertake to address us in a
manner so seemingly significant, when he really
had no particular ideas to express and no particu-
