1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOWS.
155
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Lieutenant General—Mr. Downs and Foote.
Senate.
restored to the army, and that oar arms would be
triumphant. This was my reason for voting the
power to the President of the United States, to
Create a lieutenant general of the Army. It was
then decided by the Senate that it was not expe- n
dient at that tune—in time of war and when a
want of harmony was manifested between the gen-
erals—that such a course should be adopted. But
I have reflected upon the proposition since, and
must confess that the only excuse I could find for
it was the emergency then existing, and I have
come to the conclusion that if in a crisis such as
then existed, it was unnecessary to create a lieu- '
tenant general, no fitting occasion has since pre-
sented itself. Having come to this conclusion and
assigned my reasons for it, I will now go on to
state that I can see no possible benefit that can re-
sult either to the country or to individuals—I
mean a substantial benefit—from the adoption of
this resolution.
The President of the United States is the Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy of the
United States, and such subordinate officers as are
necessary to fill up the details of organization are
appointed as his assistants. Since we have got j
along for such a period of time without the crea-
tion of a lieutenant general, and since emergencies '
have seldom arisen that suggested the propriety
of appointing one—they having all passed away
and left the country at peace with but a small
standing army—I cannot see any necessity for the
creation of a lieutenant general, particularly if it
is merely intended as a compliment. It has been
urged by gentlemen in favor of the measure, that
General Scott has received no brevet, while other
officers subordinate to him have received brevets
for their gallant conduct in Mexico, and that it is
befitting that he should now receive some expres-
sion of the public gratitude.
There was an eminent reason why he was not
brevetted. It certainly was not mat Congress
wished to withhold from him any expression of
approbation, or even admiration of his gallant con-
duct in the prosecution of the war with Mexico,
but had filled the measure of promotion, and there
was l# higher office to which he could be brevet-
ted. Other officers subordinate to him could be
brevetted, because they had not attained the acme
of promotion; but he had attained that years be-
fore. But has not every expression of admiration
been given? Have not medals or swords been
given nim ? Have not the thanks of Congress been
voted ? A nd what more can be given in the expres-
sion-of national approbation than what has already
been tendered ? I would not deprive him of one
iota of the fame that is due to him, nor would I
interpose upon party principles—as that has been
alluded to—the slightest objection to any expres-
sion of public approbation or to any public demon-
' stration of honor that might be offered to him by
this body. The Senator from New Hampshire
has very pertinently said that if it was necessary
to complete his fame by an expression of Congress
in approbation of his conduct, it would be a very
idle expression, and that it was unnecessary to the
consummation of his fame as a general officer, or
as a conqueror, if you please. The annals of his
country will transmit his fame to posterity without
any idle expression on the part of the Senate, if he
has the littleness to wish for anything so flimsy.
The honor that is to be accorded to him must arise
from the consciousness of American feeling—from
the fact that he has served the nation, and is enti-
tled to its gratitude. But here it is proposed to
give to him a mere idle expression on the part of
Congress, when the war has passed over, when it
should have been tendered, if at all, at the termi-
nation of the war, the recollection of those glorious
achievements being then fresh in the memory of
every one. What necessity is there that suggests
or urges it upon the attention of the Senate ? Is it
to gratify an idle vanityCertainly not. A gen-
eral who is capable of glorious and honorable
achievements could not be gratified by any ex-
pression that Congress could give, when all public
feeling had passed away, and when it would be a
mere cold, insipid expression, as a matter of form.
And what are to be the consequences of this
brevet that you are creating? Must you not ac-
company it with all the appendages of a lieutenant
general of the British Army ? Will a major gen-
eral be satisfied if he does not receive additional
rations, pay, and perquisites, when promoted to
this brevet rank? Certainly not. He will ex-
pect it. Will you give him an idle honor—an
expresion of public complaisance, when you do
not give him the attendant realities concomitant
with the rank and consequent upon it? It would
be an insult to say that he is worthy of the name,
but not worthy of the benefits of the rank which i
you are about to confer.
I have never known so much difficulty arise
from any circumstance connected with the organ-
ization of our Army as from the brevet system.
It has been an eye-sore from its inception to the
present moment. Years of discord nave passed,
by, not less than twenty in number, since the first
difficulty arose—when a discrimination was made, '
to which reference has been made by the honor-
able Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis,] by
selecting an officer unexpectedly to be chief in com-
mand. For years after his decease, it was a con-
tested matter between two commanding generals
as to which should have precedence. This grew
out of the system of brevet, as opposed to lineal ;
rank and lineal promotion. Had linear rank been !
'regarded, these difficulties never could have oc- j
curred. Harmony would have existed, and the •
northern and southern divisions would not have '
been arrayed against each other; the officers be-
coming partisans of their, own immediate major
generals, and duels grew out of the controversy.
This was all owing to the system of brevet rank.
But have we a precedent for the creation of a
lieutenant general? Yes, sir, we have, and in
time of peace. It was the elevation of General
Washington to that distinguished position. He,
sir, was worthy of it. Others may be so, too,
but he certainly was. There was but one " Fa-
ther of his Country.'' There was but one Wash-
ington. There was but one lieutenant general.
The office began and ended with him, and until
there is a new regenerator and saviour of his coun-
try, let it rest.
The yeas and nays were called for and ordered.
Mr. DOWNS. I do not desire to engage in
any lengthy discussion on this subject; but I wish
1 to state very briefly a few of the reasons which
! induced me to vote in favorof laying the resolution
on the table, and which will now induce me to
vote against it. I have no disposition, in the vote
which I intend to give, to underrate the merits of
the distinguished military officer referred to. My
own State was one of the first to honor him, by
; voting him a sword, in the propriety of which I
j fully concurred. I fully concur in the resolution
i which Congress has passed, and which has the
public sentiment generally in its favor; and I rise
now for the purpose of stating that I shall vote
against this resolution, not because I have not i
: a proper appreciation of his very great merits, but
for other reasons.
It has been well said, if this is intended as an
expression of the approbation of the Senate, that
, that has already been done by the adoption of
, resolutions of thanks, by the presentation of
swords, and by conferring other honors.- And if
it be intended for something else, I am opposed to
it. Is it contend ed that such an office is necessary in
a time of profound peace ? Show me that it is ne-
cessary, show me that it will add efficiency, dig-
nity, and usefulness to the Army or to the nation
in any way, and I may go for it. But when I see
; nothing to justify it; when we have gone through
' several wars, and have recently come out of a
war, without such an office; when a longtime has
passed away without any idea of conferring it, it
seems to me strange that such a distinction should
be proposed when we are at peace with all the
i world. |
We are told by the Senator from Kentucky j
[Mr. Clay] that we ought to have -these high <
1 grades in the Army and in the Navy, in order j
that our military and naval commanders in meet-
ing those of other nations may have a similar j
, rank. Mr. President, we have gone on some ;
■ sixty years in our political history without these
ranks—without the rank of admiral, without the
rank of lieutenant general, except for a short time
under peculiar circumstanced, and I do not appre-
hend that in any meeting with foreign officers,
amicable or hostile, our officers will ever fail to
! obtain respect for the want of that rank. Our
| gallant officers of the Navy have never failed of
victory for the want of it. Our gallant generals
have never failed for the want of it, and I do not
think-they will fail. Why then should we creata
the office? I conceive there can be no necessity
for it.
■ It is said that this rank is not a mere bauble—a.
mere title of distinction. If it is not, I should like
to know what it is; and if it is a mere empty title
—a mere distinction, of what use is it, and what
right have we to grant it? If the title, which it is
proposed to give to General Scott, adds nothing to
his efficiency, increases not his usefulness, nor im-
poses new duties, gives nothing but a title or a
badge of honor—call it what you will, whether it
be a little more gold lace, a different cut or shape
to a garment, or a loftier plume, or a star or a gar-
ter—to my plain, republican, common sense view
of the subject, and the plain, common sense view
of"the subject by the people of the United States,
it will, I think, look very much like a badge of
rank, a distinction not designating any particular
duties, but setting him apart and above his fellow-
citizens. It would be very like a title of nobility.
When and where have we before conferred rank
without corresponding duties ? Such distinctions
are discountenanced by the Constitution, by our
sentiments, and our feelings; and ,1 see no reason
why it should be conferred in this particular in-
stance.
But again: if this thing is to be done, I would
ask gentlemen if this is the most opportune time
to do it; and if it is proper for the distinguished
individual referred to at this particular juncture to
receive from the Senate of the United States this
mark of distinction/ We cannot shut our eyes to
the circumstances in which this matter is brought
forward. I would not say or do anything to de-
tract from the merits of General Scott or any other
distinguished servant of his country, but at the
same time I would not do anything to disturb his
proper position in public estimation. Let it stand
for what it is worth. Give him all his merits;
there let him stand. I do not intend by any vots
I shall give to give him strength or to give him
weakness. I wish to let him remain just as he is.
The honorable Senator from South Carolina
seems to be willing to concur in this resolution, be-.
! cause he thinks we ought to write, and write hon-
orably, the history of the great achievements of
i this individual. I cannot agree with my honorable
friend that it is the proper province of the Senate
of the United States to write the history of any
man. Nor do I think they ought to travel out of
their ordinary duties to intermeddle with it. It will
make no difference with the history of the great
events to which he alludes. That history must
depend on the subjects themselves, and not on the
votes of the members of the Senate of the United
I States.
i For these reasons, and professing the utmost
respect and gratitude for the distinguished services
of General Scott. I feel myself constrained to vots
against this resolution.
Besides, there is another objection to the resolu-
| tion. It is general and unlimited in its extent. It
i has been debated as if it had reference to one par-
ticular individual, but his name is not mentioned
i in it. It is not confined to one particular individ-
j ual; its terms embrace all. The power is to be dis-
1 cretionary with the President and Senate of the
| Unite* States, and it may be extended to twenty
i individuals as well as to one. I can see no neces-
sity for it, and I am opposed to it for the various
! objections which I have urged,
i Mr. DAWSON. Mr. President 
Mr. FOOTE. Will the Senator from Georgia
! allow me to make a single remark in reply to my
friend from Louisiana?
I Mr. DAWSON. Certainly.
! Mr. FOOTE. I am much obliged to the Senator
from Georgia for his courtesy, and will only oc-
| cupy the floor long enough to say that, whilst there
| is no one who entertains a more habitual respect
i for the opinion of my honored friend from Louisi-
ana, [Mr. Downs,] yet I am sure that he is in
error if he supposes this resolution to be a mere
political device, set on foot to benefit politically any
man or party. Certainly, sir, I should scorn to
participate in such a movement, and I know that
nothing was more distant from the thoughts of
i him who originally moved it, or of those who have
j advocated it. I trust that my position before the
