150
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
31st Cong 2d Sess. Railroad in Alabama, and the Public Lands—Mr. Cobb of Alabama.
[Feb. 6,
Ho. of Reps.
Selma, on the Alabama river, to Gunter'a Landing,
on the Tennessee river, is about two hundred and
five miles. When these roads are complete we have
choice of markets, in either New Orleans, Mobile,
Savannah, Augusta, Charleston, Richmond, Phil-
adelphia, New York, or Boston, or even Canada.
Being a direct communication then with Alabama
and fcither of these places, it is unnecessary to point
out to this House the immense benefit that would
result, not only to Alabama, but all other States
which haTe a direct connection with her commerce
and prosperity, when the bare statement of facts
is sufficient to satisfy every thinking mind of the
importance of the measures.
Mr. Speaker, how gentlemen on this floor can
continue to oppose such laudable undertakings In
the various States with so much energy, I am at
a loss to understand, when their own State or
States have been the recipients of so many similar
favors from the General Government, in donations
of public land for various objects-of public im-
provement within those States. The amount do-
nated up to this time to each State, I shall endeavor
to show. It is strange, I repeat, when they have
had so much lavished upon then , they are not
wiling to grant a small portion of the poor moun-
tain and swamp lands to aid in this work. It is not
Alabama alone which is benefited; but the.best
interest of the Grovernment is promoted by advan-
cing in value and bringing into market millions of
acres of land that will remain worthless and un-
sold for years unless a highway is opened up
through them, that the products of the lands may
be got to market without exacting almost one fifui
of the entire value, which is frequently the case in
some parts through which these roads pass. Sir,
for the members of the old States to be opposed
to liberal measures to their younger sisters, when
propositions are first presented, is not at all sur-
prising, when they have so little idea of the toil
and labor it has cost the hardy sons of the South-
west, who have borne the burden and heat of the
day in opening up highways, building churches,
mills, See., in their country, thereby making the
public domain accessible for those of less courage
and still less disposition to encounter the toils of
a new country, thus increasing the value of the
public lands. But whilst I wish to be charitable
towards those of the old States in supposing at
first they have some excuse for being opposed to
this system of granting the public lands for such
laudable objects, it irresistibly occurs to me, that
in the organization of this Confederacy, they re-
served to themselves all the domain within their
respective borders, of which I will for a moment
speak.
By act of Congress, approved April 18, 1806,
the United States ceded to the State of Tennessee
all the claim which she had to the land within
that State lying east and north of the congressional
reservation line; and by a subsequent act, the resi-
due of the public lands within the limits of said
State, (the precise amount I am not now able to
state, but a very large amount.) The remainder
of the old States have received all the lands within
their territorial limits, except Kentucky. Out of
the land within her present bounds, Virginia paid
many of her soldiers for revolutionary and other
services.
To show the amount of lands retained by each
of the States that are not classed as land States,
to pay their revolutionary and other debts, would
not be amiss, which is as follows:
States. Square miltt. Aeret.
New Hampshire    8,030 5,139,200
Massachusetts  7,250 4,640,000
Rhode Island  1,300 768,000
Connecticut....  4,750 3,040,000
New York  46,000 99,440,000
New Jersey  0,851 4,388,640
Pennsylvania  47,000 30,080,000
Delaware       3,130 1,356,800
Maryland  11,000 7,040,000
Virginia  61,352 39,265,280
North Carolina  45,500 29,120,000
South Carolina  28,000 17,920,000
Georgia  58,000 37,120,000
Vermont  8,000 5,120,000
Kentucky  37,680 24,115,200
Tennessee  44,000 28,160,000
Te*M   J24520 208,332,800
It is true, in many of the old States but little
land was public, being owned by Indians, or in-
dividuals under grants procured from the mother
country. While I am at this point of my remarks,
I will endeavor to answer the objections ofi some
who simply object to granting of the new States,
land through which these improvements run, un-
less they could obtain grants for similar improve-
ments in their own States quite remote from any
public land. In replying to this position, it is but
only to repeat, that it is an established fact, that
those improvements running through the public
lands, enhance their value. Many of them are un-
saleable, but when roads are built through them,
they are brought into market immediately at their
increased value. This being the case, it is not
really a donation from the Government, for a large
amount of individual capital must be also expend-
ed before the works can be completed, which
makes sales of these poor lands. Not so in the
case of grants to the old States where the improve-
ments do not run through, and in most instances are
not within hundreds of miles of, the public lands,
and by no means could make them more valuable.
The latter would be nothing but a clear grant,
without even the semblance of an equivalent to the
General Government. I will now return to the
consideration of the measures immediately before
us, and give a brief statement of the progress, dis-
tances, and amount of lands the two roads will
receive, should the bills pass; presenting, in every
instance, facts as near as possible, mostly predi-
cated upon my personal ktvpwledge of the entire
country through which the roads run.
First; The Selma and Gunter's Landing Road is
' graded about twenty-six miles; by this time fifty
more, it is likely, are under contract, and perhaps
seventy. The agent for that road passed through
here a few days since, on his way to purchase the
ipachinery, &c., and said an agent would leave in
a few days to purchase iron for one hundred miles
of the road, having a large amount of stock taken
and considerable paid in. The country through
which it passes, the most of which has been set-
tled from twenty to forty years, the lands are con-
sidered not worth $1 25 per acre; that of much
value having been taken up. Prom Selma to Tal-
ladega, a distance of one hundred and five miles,
the land nowpublic is poor flats or pine, and gravel-
ly ridges. The amount of public land that would
be received from Selma to Talladega, I estimate,
from a careful examination of the map of Alabama
showing the vacant land, is about 302,400 acres.
From Talladega to Jacksonville, a distance of thir-
ty-seven miles, it passes through a densely popu-
lated country, settled thickly upon the small
streams: the public lands are upon high gravelly
ridges, about 123,200 acres. From Jacksonville
to Gadsden, twenty miles, passing through poor,
ridgy and flat pine lands, 44,800 acres. From
Gadsden to Guntersville, on the Tennessee river,
a distance of forty-three miles, passing over what
is termed the Sand Mountain, a poor, sandy
country; but few settlements, too poor and re-
mote from market to be settled, about 156,800
aacres. _ This road strikes the Tennessee river
about sixty miles above the head of the Muscle
Shoals, in said river; which Shoals will bean eter-
nal barrier to the free navigation of that river,
unless improved to a great extent, which private
enterprise cannot overcome for many years to
come.
The Memphis and Charleston road passes
through Tennessee and that part of Misgtssippi
in which the Chickasaw lands lay, into Alabama.
Of course no public lands can oe received until
striking the western line of Alabama. From the
Chickasaw line, about ten miles, to Tuscumbia,
the road will receive about 33,600 acres. It is
proper to state here, the road enters one of the
finest countries in Alabama, having been settled
from thirty to fifty years. Of course but little
lands of much value can be received, being moun-
tain and low swamp land, not considered worth
Government price. From Tuscumbia to Decatur,
forty-three miles, a railroad is now in active oper-
ation, which may form a part of the line. From
Decaturto Huntsville, thirty-one miles, the amount
of lands received will b* about 22,400 acres. From
Huntsville to its terminus, if it passes by Belleford,
Alabama, a distance of sixty-two miles, the amount
will be about 78,400 acres. If to Winchester,
Tennessee, scarcely any.
I desire to be candid with the House, and give
a fair statement of the probable amount we would
possibly receive. Deduct from this amount of.
swamp lands now owned by the State, the amount
will be much less than I have stated it. The
amount that we will receive for these lands is
but a drop in the ocean compared with what
will have to be, and" is now, raised by private sub-
scription. The precise amount subscribed I am
not now able to state, but it is said over two mil-
lions have been to this road alone.
In a national point of view, no roads could, in
•time of war, be of more value to the Government
than those, enabling the transportation of troops
and munitions of war from Tennessee, Alabama,
Virginia, Georgia, South Carolina, Kentucky,
Mississippi, immediately to the mouth of the Mis-
sissippi river, or to the Atlantic seaboard, in the
shortest possible time. Tie the valley of the
Mississippi by these lines of road, in "connection
with others now completed, with the Mobile Bay
and the Atlantic seaboard, and who could calculate
the value, in many particulars? Congress, no
doubt, had in view the national importance of con-
necting the Tennessee and Mobile waters, when
she required that Alabama sho«ld appropriate a
portion of the two and three per cent, fund to the
construction of some kind of a road from the Ten-
nessee river to the waters of the Mobile Bay, which
fund is now ready, and will be faithfully applied to
the construction of the railroad now progressing,
amounting to a considerable sum. To carry out
this object of the Government, we ask a grant of
land. T o speak of the rich coal mines, marble and
iron ore in the country through which ihe road
will pass, which is now comparatively worthless,
being bo remote from navigable waters, would tax
the patience of the House. It is enough to say,
so soon as the road is completed, all will be-
opened up to an enterprising community, from
which they may expect to reap a rich reward. I
do hope soon to see the iron horse on his way
from the Mississippi river to Maine—yes, and
from the Mobile Bay to the Lakes.
I will endeavor to show, before I conclude, how
the public lands have been disposed of siiue the
organization of the Government, down to rvery
late period, by facts and figures, taken from the
most authentic sources to which access can be
had; and it is to be hoped, after this expose is made,
no more opposition will be made to these measures,
particularly by those persons whose States have
shared so bountifully from the hand of a liberal
Governnffent. Our object is, in part, to open up an
easy communication, that the citizens of the North,
South, East, and West, may daily mingle with
each other, becoming better and better acquainted,
seeking to live in peace—giving to each other his
just right, is but to promote the common good of
the whole, thereby stop sectional strife and dfe-
cord. My word for it, the more we learn of each
Other, just in that proportion we will overcome
our prejudices, and it is to be hoped but one feel-
ing; of universal good-will may prevail, " doing to
others as we would have them do unto us." Then
will be the beginning ot that glorious earthly mil-
lennium, so much by us desired, and we will go
on to fill up the measure of greatness and glory
which I believe await us, and will not be a his%,
and a by-word, but pointed to by all nations as
one great and happy people. Then it will be,
that strife and discord wilf have ceased to find a
place to lay its hideous head; and we will hear no
more of disunion from the North or the South, but,
like one common brotherhood, claim not the North
or the South, the East or the West, as our coun-
try, but the Union, the whole Union.
I have already shown how the lands in the old
States were disposed of, retaining all for their own
purposes, besides selling to the Government a large
extent of territory, out of which several of the
new States have been carved. I will also show
the amount of public land sold, at what price, in
what State, and amount received into the Treas-
ury from sale of lands, the amount yet public and
where it is situated. But before I proceed to do
so, as it has been the constant theme of some who
have been opposed not only to grants for railroad
objects, but to the soldiers who have fought and
achieved much bf this rich inheritance, that these
grants will bankrupt the Treasury, to refute this
idea it is but necessary to call your attention to
the following tables:
