ieo
APPENDIX TO TMfi OONGRftSStO^AL Gt/)M.
[f^eb. 6,
31st Cong 2d Sess. Railroad in Alabama, and the Public Lands—Mr. Cobb of Alabama.
Ho. of Reps.
These geological formations are the most import-
ant of all in their economic and useful productions.
In the rocks classed by geologists as carboniferous,
coal and iron in close proximity to each other,
limestone, sandstone, and lead are found. The
silurian rocks contain iron ore, limestone, sand-
stone, and lead; and the metamorphic rocks com-
prise granite, syenite, white marble, roofing slate,
and the following metallic deposits: magnetic iron
ore, copper,lead, silver, tin, gold, and mercury.
It is to the possession of a large area of the
carboniferous formation that England owes her
power and wealth; from this formation she annu-
ally derives 34,754,000 tons of coal, valued at
£95,000,000; and 1,000,000 tons of bar iron, equal
• in value to $45,000,000. I cite these facts to show
the importance to be attached to the location of
the railroad, through and near the valuable geo-
logical formations before mentioned.
The carboniferous and siluriag beds in Ala-
bama are exceedingly rich in their useful rocks
and metals.
There are fotfr extensive coal fields in Alabama
in striking distance of the railroad. They may
be designated as follows: The "Tuscaloosa coal
field," which is the greatest in area, lies in the
valleys of the Warrior and its tributaries. The
" Cahawba coal field," the southern boundary of
which is at Centerville and Montevallo, occupies
the valley of the Cahawba and its tributaries. The
" Coosa coal field" is on the west side of the Coo-
sa river in the vicinity of Broken Arrow Creek;
and the fourth coal field is in De Kalb and Mar-
shall counties, between the Tennessee and the
Goosa rivers. The coal strata on the Warrior and
its tributaries, ten of which have been discovered,
are from ten to forty-eight inches thick, and are
slightly inclined towards the valley of the river;
those on the Cahawba, are from two to eight feet
thick and are highljAfciclined, while those on Bro-
ken Arrow Creels, and in De Kalb and Marshall
counties, are said, to be from four to ten feet thick.
The coal, all of which is bituminous, of the ;
three first mentioned fields, has proved to be of an !
excellentquality, having been^ested in steam ships,
gas works, foundries, factories, &c., and from the j
examinations which have been made there can be
no doubt of its abundance. '
Each and all of these coal fields are convenient
and accessible to the Railroad, particularly those
on the Cahawba river, and Broken Arrow Creek, i
and in De Kalb and Marshall counties. The coal *
measures of the Cahawba will be in from sixty to
seventy-five miles; of the Broken Arrow of from
one hundred and twenty to one hundred and thirty 1
miles; and of De Kalb and Marshall counties of
from one hundred and seventy to one hundred and .
ninety-five miles of Selma by the railroad, with |
branch lines of from five to fifteen miles long. The >
Warrior beds may be reached bya branch of thirty
to forty miles long, making their total distance to
Selma from eighty to ninety miles.
In close proximity to the coal treasures are ex- '
tensive and inexhaustible beds of iron ore of the .
finest quality. In fact the counties of Bibb, 'I
Shelby, Talladega, Benton, Cherokee, St. Clair,
Jefferson, and Tuscaloosa, abound in deposits of
iron ore, not excelled in richness and extent. The
ore has been tested and yields an excellent quality ,
of iron. Notwithstanding the difficulties experi-
enced for the want of suitable means of transport-
ation to market (the cost of transportation to a
navigable river being from $9 to $12 per ton) the
ore is manufactured into iron in several localities
with profit.
i Messrs. McClannahan & Ware turn out from
8,000 to 10,000 pounds daily, at their works in
Shelby county. They are making preparations to
engage extensively in the manufacture of different
kinds of iron, and they must succeed, on account of
their good ore, cheap fuel, labor and provisions, j
In Benton and Talladega counties there are sev-
eral forges and furnaces in operation. The Messrs.
Riddle manufacture iron on Talladega Creek, Tal-
ladega county. Messrs. Moore and Goode have ■
iron works on Cane creek in Benton county. Their j
Works now consist of one furnace and one forge,
which turn out twenty tons of castings and pig j
iron per week, and sixteen hundred pounds of
wrought iron daily. They are building another j
furnace and a rolling mill, calculated to yield, with j
their present works, about ten tons of rolled iron :
per day, and in addition, ope ton of castings to
supply the home demand. Their works arelltu-
ated at the foot of a deposit of iron ore, which for
its extent would astonish the iron masters of Penn-
sylvania.
• Indeed, throughout the whole section of country
near and adjacent to the line of the road, from a
point a few miles south of Montevallo, to the
northern crossing of the Coosa river, there exist
numerous iron ore deposits, which only require an
opening to a market to become extremely valuable.
Another highly important material, which
abounds in localities convenient to the Railroad,
throughout the carboniferous and silurian rocks,
is the limestone. Some of the limestone of these
beds furnishes marble of excellent quality, and of
beautifully variegated colors. Several varieties of
blue and grey marble occur in Shelby county; in
Talladega county a jet black marble; in Cherokee
a buff colored marble; and in Benton county a dove-
colored marble, have been found. These varieties
of marble take a very fine polish, dress well, and
will become very useful for building and ornamental'
purposes. A large portion of this limestone when
burned, yields quick-lime, equal in strength and
whiteness to the Thomaston lime. This is a con-
sideration of great consequence, when we reflect
that most of the lime used in South Alabama and
Mississippi and Louisiana is now imported from
the New England Slates at an expense of from
#1 to $1 50 per barrel to the consumer. The lime
exported from one town in the State of Maine,
Thomaston, amounts to four hundred thousand
barrels per annum.
There must be sdwitys a constantly-increasing
demand for this useful building material, in the
southern part of Alabama, Mississippi and Lou-
isiana, from the fact that they contain no lime-
■ stone suitable to make quick-lime. On the route
of your road it exists in great abundance in the
valleys, and from its superior quality, and the
cheapness of fuel, (coal and wood,) it must be-
come a source of great traffic to the road, and of
wealth to the country.
Large beds of gypsum have likewise been found.
This article, so useful in agriculture, will also
swell the freight. There are other productions of
these formations deserving notice, such as hy-
draulic limestone, mill stones, whet stones, flag
stones, lead and manganese.
In the metamorphic rocks in Talladega and
Coosa counties, we find a beautiful and nighly-
valuable white marble, and granite well adapted
for building. The marble quarries of Dr. Gantt,
situated in the southern part of Talladega county,
convenient to the projected route of this road,
are particularly worthy of being mentioned on
account of the pure white saccharine marble which
they yield in masses of great size.
These quarries are worked under all the disad-
vantages and difficulties attendant on the transport-
ation to market. The Gulf States are now prin-
cipally supplied with this material from New
England. In New Orleans alone, the demand
amounts to upwards of $250,000 per annum, at the
rate of $30 per ton. Such is its high price that its
use is of course principally confined to monumental
purposes; but if facilities could be obtained to
transport it to the navigable waters of Alabama, it
could be afforded at a price which would induce its
general use for building.
I have thus been particular in noticin^the min-
eral resources of the country traversed by the
Alabama and Tennessee River Railroad, because a
knowledge of their existence has heretofore been
confined to a few.
The valley of the Tennessee is one of the most
desirable agricultural sections of Alabama. Being
one of the earliest settled districts of the State, it
is now the centre of wealth, hospitality and re-
finement, and the abode of a fixed, permanent pop-
ulation . The lands are rich, and by the present
mode of culture, inexhaustible. Almost the whole
extent of tillable land is placed in requisition and
covered with thriving, well-cultivated farms, and
fat stock.
Until within the last year the course of trade of
the Tennessee valley was down stream by the
Tennessee, Ohio, and Mississippi rivers, to New
Orleans; but since the opening of the Georgia rail-
roads to the Tennessee river, a considerable propor-
tion, particularly of the cotton, has changed its
direction up stream to Chattanooga, from whence
it is transported by railroads to the South Atlantic
ports.
Gunter's Landing, the terminus of the Alabama
and Tennessee River Railroad, being the most
southern point of the Tennessee river, and being
central to all that part of North Alabama, north of
the river above the Muscle Shoals, is the most
advantageous point of shipment to the Gulf. It is
sixty-two miles above tne head of the Muscle
Shoals, fifty miles above Decatur, the terminus of
the Decatur and Tuscumbia Railroad, thirty miles
above Whitesburg, which is ten milea south of
Huntsville, and about thirty-two miles from Hunts-
ville by a practicable railroad route.
There are now produced in North Alabama,
above the Muscle Shoals, about 60,000 bales of
cotton.
The following table exhibits the population, and
the aggregate value and produce of agriculture in
the counties of Alabama adjacent to and directly
interested in the Alabama and Tennessee River
Railroad, based upon the census of 1840, and upon
the increases estimated in the reports of the Com-
missioner of Patents for 1847 and 1848:
Population   223,206
stock.
Horses and mules   .-77,025
Neat cattle 307,959
Sheep 92,916
Swine 799,786
Value of poultry $215,491
agricultural productions.
Bushels of wheat per annum 818,000
Bushels of oats per annum 970,000
Bushels of corn per annum 14,410,000
Bushels of potatoes per annum 565,000
Pounds of tobacco 220,000
Pounds of cotton per annum 66,464,860
Value ofhome-madefamily goods..$1,215,179
The extent of country which will be opened to
the trade of the Gulf of Mexico by the railroad
and its connections, embraces twenty-seven coun-
ties in Tennessee, viz: Giles, Lincoln, Franklin,
Marion, Hamilton, Bradley, Polk, S^pMinn,
Meigs, Rhea, Monroe, Roanej Blount, Sevier,
Knox, Anderson, Cocke, Jefferson, Grainger,
Claiborne, Greene, Powell, Hawkins, Washing-
ton, Sullivan, Carter and Johnson; six counties in
Northwest Georgia, viz: Floyd, Chattanooga,
Walker, Murray, Gilmer and Cass; six counties
in western North Carolina, viz: Cherokee, Ma-
con, Haywood, Buncombe, Yancey, and Ash;
and six counties in southwest Virginia, viz: Lee,
Scott, Washington, Grayson, Wythe, and Taze-
well. These counties have a population as fol-
lows, viz:
In the counties of Tennessee 319,000
Georgia  38,000
" " North Carolina...- 31,000
" " Virginia  55,000
Making a population of. 443,000
which can be supplied with groceries, southern
and tropical productions, and can exchange their
produce in less distance and time by-the route of
the Alabama and Tennessee River Railroad than
by any other.
As a line of travel, the Memphis and Charles-
ton railroad possesses an importance which can
scarcely be too highly estimated. Without con-
cert of design, in fact without even the knowledge,
on the part of the different projectors, of what each
other was doing, there has been a system of rail-
roads laid out, which when completed, may be
called emphatically, the highway of nations. Much
of this system is already completed, and every
link in the great chain is now under regular or-
ganization and in rapid progress. Four years will
not elapse before the greater part, if not the whole,
will be in full operation. There are now, finished
and in process of construction, railroads, forming
one unbroken line, from Memphis to Boston—ana
this line may be called practically straight. It is
in fact the shortest line on which a road could be
constructed between those points, the natural fea-
tures of the country not admitting a shorter one.
It is truly wonderful that the merits of this route
should have been so long unknown to the public,*
for nature herself seems to have marked it out.
Here is a line nearly straight, passing through the
