1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
165
31st Cono *2n Sess.
tionsl eTrwrofiture would hare permanently fin-
bbtd suck hnrtwrs—wouM have saved ana use-
mf!y spoiled the timber and other material col-
lecicd—would have kepi in repair, and in active
and useful employment in clearinj obstructions
from river*. the  na  boat* and their accessories.
B>it y>m refused, and prevented such appropropri-
otions; consequently harbors nearly completed
were, in their unfinished condition, seriously dam-
aged . timber, and mverial, and snag boats suffer-
ed to deear, or sold for lets than interest upon
cost. And now, because we ask for a greater
amount than would be necessary were it not for
this wronj you hare inflicted, you make that
amount an objection to the bill.
The "entleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Morse,]
iu the course of his remarks, declared his belief
that the bill was an iniquitous one, and expressed
the hope that a tariff amendment would be offered
to it though entirely irrelevant; and avowed hisr
intention, if such amendment was offered, though
opposed to any tariff proposition which would be
likely to come from the other side of the House,
to rote for it, for the purpose of so loading down
the bill as to insure its destruction. This was de-
signed as a hint for the guidance of the enemies
of the bill on the other side of the House. I re-
gretted to see such a spirit manifested. It is not the
open, manly, ingenuous opposition we haTe a right
to expect to a measure of this character and lm
portanee. It is not even creditable strategy—for
that implies some cunning. It is stooping to a
legislative trick for the purpose of defeating a
measure, which an opponent fears cannot be suc-
tfftlhr opposed on its merits.
Mr. WORSE. I hope the gentleman wiU not
apply any personal epithets. Did I understand
him to use the word "stupid" in allusion to me?
[Laughter]
Mr. FITCH. The gentleman has mistaken
for thtpid. [Laughter.]
I might, if time permitted, draw a parallel be-
tween the appropriations east and west—between
thoae in this bill which are for expenditure in the
Wert, and those which from their very nature and
purpose* ate expended east, and are often of a
local character. Suffice it to say the balance is
kifdy due us. Ami, again, I repeat, shall we not
have the small pittance proposed by this bill to be
expended West, though for the common benefit
and welfare? If we do not obtain it, we are de-
spoiled of that which is Justly ours. If we sub-
mit to such spoliation we deserve worse—deserve
not only to be despoiled, but to be taunted with
the cowardly weakness which divisions beget, and
told to stand aside while some other section better
united takes the lion's share—all!
tub COMrtOMIHB measures.
SPEECH OF HOflL H. S. CONGER,
OF NEW-TORX,
isr tbc Hocir or Ktraei Timti,
F«idat, February 14,1851.
The Hook being in Coniuiitee of tbe Whole on the
■late of the T'umwj, and baring under consideration the
River nut Harfanr Bill—
Mr. CONGER obtained the floor. He said:
Mr. Chairwav: I have no apology to offer for
taking the floor at this time to make a few remarks
personal to myself in reference to a subject not
immediately connected with the bill before the
committee.
Were I inclined to give heed to the admonitions
of those who insist that the subject to which
I refer ought not to be longer agitated or discussed
here, I still think my justification for what T am
about to say would be easy. But in this matter I
think myself fortunate that I am not under bonds
to conform to anybody's particular standard of
propriety, and therefore the people by whose gener-
ous suffrages I hold my seat alone hare the right
to pass judgment on my course.
1 ant not, however, about to open afresh the
bleeding wounds about which we heard so much
at the test session of this Congress, and to revive
a discission on the so-called peace measure*, to
which is attributed the marvelous effect of having
healed those wounds. I have no desire to do so.
No one deplores more than I do factious agita-
tion, and I trust I properly appreciate both the
rfiteerity and patriotism of these who have looked
The Comj/romte Measures—Mr. Conger.
i ----- -
for peace and concord through the success of those |,
measures. If I have desired other and different |i
measures of adjustment of great domestic and po- 1
litical questions, it has been because I have oe- ,
lieved that other and different measures would
beet insure real and abiding concord. It was be-
cause I believed these measures—passed at the last
$eeskm, and now declared by certain gentlemen
to have been the very salvation of the Union—
were most objectionable and unjust that I then op-
posed them. Still holding to the same opinion,
1 cannot now approve them, nor am I willing to
rest under a suspicion, wherever aad by whomso-
ever entertained, that I have at any time approved
them, and particularly the fugitive slave bill.
The charge has been made against me by Un-
scrupulous newspapers in my district, thai I
" ihdgtd" a vote on this bill, in order to facilitate
its passage in the House; and this charge, for eb-
vious objects, has been echoed by individuals
equally unscrupulous, until there may, perhaps,
be those whose good opinion I value, who would
credit it were it left unnoticed. I feel it my duty,
therefore, here in my place on this floor, where
what 1 say may be understood to be opinions and
sentiments that I desire Hot to conceal, but that
the whole country may understand, to repel this
charge, and to explain the circumstances out of
which it has originated. I regret the necessity for
this, while I feel chagrined that anybody should
hare had the presumption to intimate that I aided
in the passage of this bill, even in this indirect
way of all others the least creditable.
It is known to several friends on this floor that
the next day after the question was taken on the
Texas boundary bill, I left Washington on busi-
ness of such imperious necessity, though private
in its nature, as would furnish abundant justifica-
tion for my absence to any fair-minded man to
whoae knowledge the facta might come. It is also
known to those friends, that duringthe many days
this bill was before the House I was remaining in
my seat, at much personal sacrifice by reason of
my neglect of this business, (all the time growing
more and raoreurgent,) though determined, what-
ever the sacrifice might be, not to leave until the
bill should be disposed of. The vote was taken
on Friday, the 6th day of September. At this
time the fugitive slave bill was lying on the Speak-
er's table, where it had been since the 26th of Au-
gust, covered up with much other important busi-
ness, and, in general estimation, it was almost
certain not to be reached during the session; bul if
reached not likely, under the then prospect, to be
passed. On consultation with friends who, in
common with myself, felt a deep interest in the
defeat of the bill, it was thought there was no rea-
son to apprehend that the House would eome to
a vote on it during my contemplated absence; but
in order to make it altogether certain that the bill
should not have additional relative strength by
reason of my absence—in order to guard against
any advantage it might receive in the loss of my
vote in opposition to it—1 made an agreement with
the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. McLawe,]
who, as a southern man and a Democrat, was_ an
ardent friend of the measure, but who also desired
, to be absent, to pair off with him on this bill for all
1 of the following week, so that in case the House
should, by possibility, come to a vote on it within
that time, neither of us should vote.
I left this city, as I have said, on Saturday
morning, the7th of September. On the following
Thursday, the 12th, this bill was taken from the
Speaker's table, and, under the operation of the
previous question, passed without discussion and
without a reference to a committee. Of course
neither the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Mc-
Laxe] nor myself voted on the question. We
were both absent under the arrangement I have
referred to, and as a consequence there was one
vote less given in the affirmative, and one lens in
the negative.
Such, Mr. Chairman, alone, are the circum-
stances on which this cowardly charge rests. Its
only foundation is the fact that I did not vote
against the bill; and without stopping to inquire
into the necessity of an absence that deprived me
of that privilege, or to ascertain whether in .fact
that absence contributed to the success of this ob-
noxious measure, I am condemned unheard by ,
these who eught te seera the imputation. It m
Ho. of Reps.
untrue, then, that I "dodged" the vote. I was
more than two hundred miles from Washington
at the time it was so unexpectedly taken. Nor
did I leave far the purpose of avoiding a vote and
thus facilitating the passage of the oill. I was
compelled, by considerations that 1 could not fore-
go or disregard, to be absent; but I was then and
ever uncompromisingly opposed to the bill, as I
am now to the law; nor was there a fair prospect
that the question would come up in my absence.
Though in this I was disappointed—though I re-
gret more than do those who make the imputation
against me that my vote does not stand recorded
against the bill—who will say that my absence
increased its chances of success? I took away
with'me an able advocate of the bill, who would,
but for the arrangement of which I have spoken j
have remained and voted for it.
Upon my head, then, can rest no part of the
responsibility of the passage of this bill. There
are those from non-slaveholding States who covet
that distinction for doing what is charged upon
me—"dodging!" Let them have it. It belongs
not to me, and it is a distinction which I have no
desire to have thrust upon me—much less would I
rob another of it.
It is not my purpose, Mr. Chairman, to so into^
a history of the passage of that bill. I will mere-
ly say that its passage was an event so unexpect-
ed that the northern people were, for a time,
almost struck dumb with amazement and horror;
and while time has done much to reveal the per-
fidy of the deed, it has done nothing at all to
reconcile the public mind to its odious require-
ments and dangerous inhibitions.
Nor, sir, do I propose to discuss the law itself
at any length. My main object is accomplished
mi what I have already said, and it would little
serve my purpose to discuss a measure that find*
no advocates among the people whom I represent,
while there is no proposition pending here for its
repeal. I had hoped that I might have the high
. pleasure of voting for the repeal or modification
of this law before my term of service in this House
should expire; but being disappointed in this, the
privilege as well as duty of supporting a successor
who will so vote will remain.
Much, it ia true, has been said about these com-
promise measures being sustained by moral public
sentiment in the non-slaveholding States; and great
effort has been made and is now being made to in-
duce the people in thoae Statue to sustain them—
approvt them they will not. Well, sir, they may
be reluctantly sustained until modified, for they
are the law of the land, and that people have a
high and commendable appreciation of obedience to
law; but the fugitive slave act can never be re-
spected or regarded as other than an unjust and
revolting requirement upon them. Recent occur-
rences show to what extreme measures certain
seli'-rftyled conservators of the country's peace
have thought proper to resort, to enforce respect
for that law. Am if it were not sufficient that it
should have been passed by the aid of northern
votes—as if it were not sufficient that it is held in
disgust and abhorrence, northern men are required
to give further assurance of fealty to southern ar-
roganceand southern power, by a pledge that they
will not hereafter support for any office whatso-
ever, candidates, of whatever party, who are not
known to be opposed to its repeal or modification.
These are heavy and most serious exactions; but
does anybody suppose that this movementwill rec-
oncile the public mind to the law ? Is it calculated
to gam for it friends among independent freemen,
who loathe a wrveiUanec that seeks to smother
speech and restrain the honest sympathies of the
heart? Let but the issue which these gentlemen
have pledged themselves to make be distinctly ten-
dered—let the battle be fought on that ground, and
we shall soon see whether the dead and wounded
would all be found on one side!
But what is to be the return for requiring northern
men to enter into bonds to keep the peace ? If it
is said that southern men have also joined in this
recognizance, I ask wherefore? Does past expe-
rience justify the belief that tltey would, in any
event, vote for a man who should be in favor of
disturbing the " compromise acts," except to ob-
tain those moTe favorable to themselves ? They
have bat pledged themselves to do what public
■eminent is tHe Seuth weukt irresistibly impel
