172
APPENDIX TO THE CONURESSIONAl, GLOBE.
3 1st Conu "2n Se^s.
(including the sum atipropriatid by that bill) no
less than SI has been appropriated to
c nnplete tins ro.ul from (.'iiniberl.iiHl to the Ohio
river at Wheel 11;;. For the cont.nuatuui ot" this
road west of Wheeling through the State of Ohto,
t^,USl,tW^36 has been appropriated. Kor thecm-
tiiumtion of the siimi' through Indiana, *;1,13.),IHHI;
and for its continuance through th? State of Illi-
nois. >74t!,000; making in all the sum of $5,^3,-
236 17.
In Ohio. Indiana, mid Illinois, it is usually called
the •• national road;"' being of national importance
for the intercourse between our citizens east and
west of the Alleghany mountains, and the easy
mid rapid transmission of the mails, I trust, sir,
that the Democracy will not repudiate their tjreat
apostle fore mimetic ins; an important national work
requiring so lance all expenditure. *
In ]BtJ7, Congress passed an act making pro-
vision for surveyine the coast ot the I- mted States,
and made an appropriation ot ^oO-OOU for that
purpose. It was approved on the 10th of Febru-
ary, 1607, by Mr. .teft'erson. The bill authorized
the survey of all the harbors and inlets on the
coast of tiie United States within twenty leagues
of the coast. Notv, wliat was the object ot this
bill ? It was for the express purpose of favoring
the commercial interests of the United States, and
by the fourth section, s50,(xh) was appropriated
for that purpose. Now, this system of surveying
the coast, harbors, and lakes, commenced at this
time, and since that time an appropriation has been
made almost yearly—last year an appropriation
was made for the coast survey.
Xow, then, I will go further; I will go so far as
to say that Mr. Calhoun—of whose memory I
speak with entire respect—in a report made
whilst Secretary of War, under the Administra-
tion of the illustrious Monroe, in the year 1819,
went so far as to express himself in favor of the
construction of roads and canals.
On the 4th April, 1818, the House of Repre-
sentatives passed a resolution instructing Mr. Cal-
houn, then Secretary of War, to report at the
next session "a plan for the application of such
means as are within the power of Congress for
the purpose of opening such roads and canals as
mar dessrve and require the aid of Government,"
&c. In his report he says:
<• A judicious system of roads and canals constructed for
the convenience of commerce and the transportation of the
mail only, without any reference to military operations, is
itself among the ino-t efficient means lor t'nc more complete
de'ence of the Tinted States. Without advertine*to the
fact that the roads and canals which such a system would
require, are, with few exceptions, precisely those which
would he required for the operations of war, Mich a sv-tem,
by rons^lidi.tinz the Union, merea-inzour wealth arid fiscal
capacity, would add greatly to our resource.* ill war." * *
" Thus circumstanced, it is the duty of Government to ren-
der it as secure as possible."
These were sound views expressed by Mr.
Calhoun at that time. I respect ully commend
the whole of that able report to the gentleman
from South Carolina, [Air. Burt.]
These appropriations were continued during the
administrations of Madison, Monroe, and John
Q,. Adams, down to the inauguration of General
Jackson, March 4, 1829. At the first session of
Congress under Oftneral Jackson's administration,
a harbor and river bill was passed containing ap-
propriations for twenty-two separate objects, sim-
ilar in principle and detail, to the bill now before
the committee. This bill was approved by Presi-
dent Jackson April 23, 1630; and during his ad-
ministration he also approved the following harbor
nnd river bills:
On the 3d March, 1833, a bill containing appro-
priations for thirty-ow separate works. On the 2d
March, 1833, a bill for improving the navigation
of certain rivers in Florida and Michigan. In this
bill is an item of " £5,000 for improving the navi-
gation of Choctawbachie river for the transportation
of the mailt from Pensacola to Tallahassee." And
on the same day he approved the harbor and river
bill, conlainin; thirty-two separate items. On the
28lh June, 1834, he also approved the harbor and
river lull for that year, containing thirty-three sep-
arate works; and on the 30th of the same month a
separate bill for the Hudson river alone, appropria-
ting $70,000. On the 30th March, 1835, he also
aoproved the harbor and river bill of that year,
containing twenty-fine separate items; on the 2d
July, 1836, the harbor and river bill, containing
Rivers and Harbors—Mr. SfHtukling.
thirty-nine separate works; and on the last night ot
General Jackson's official hte he approved three
lulls in which the following sums were appropri-
ated:
In the river and harbir hill r"i
t'urtne ('iiinUerhii.d ami other roads  .ri
1.1-1.1 Imiu-m- lull    7^1,bU4 00
Aiiiiu.il evpenses of light liou-es, 8u'., tor tlie
jeai IK!',, contained ill the general appropri-
ation lull   311,00
coiMsuni;.:::  «>
63
Approved by Oeneral Jackson, March 3,1837.
Sir, President Polk, in his veto message, which
has been so much lauded by the gentleman from
Louisiana, [Mr. Mouse,] has made the unfounded
statement that it required the strong arm of Gen-
eral Jackson to arrest the extravagance of these
appropriations, which had grown up under the
administration of John Cluincy Adams; and yet
the facts show that the system was greatly extend-
ed during General Jackson's administration be-
yond that of Mr. Adams, the same as it was during
Mr. Jefferson's administration beyond that of
Washington and the elder Adams.
The appropriations during the four years of John
GL. Adams's administration were... .$2,310,475
Andrew Jackson's eight years 10,582,882
Sir, I am well aware that General Jackson ve-
toed the Maysville road bill on the ground that it
.was a local work; but that had no reference to
these great works of national importance; and the
best evidence we have that General Jackson had
not changed his views in respect to works of a
national character is, that after that veto, and among ,
the very last of his official acts, he approved bills
of this kind appropriating the large sum of $3,237 ,-
633 63. . . |
Sir, Mr. Van Buren promised to walk in the i
footsteps of his "illustrious predecessor;" but,
sir, his foot was not long enough, nor broad
enough, to cover the whole ground occupied by
General Jackson. He did, however, in the first ,
year of his administration, make a very fair at-
tempt to redeem his pledge, so far as it related to
internal improvements. At the first session of
Congress under Mr. Van Buren's administration,
a river and harbor bill was passed, and approved
by Mr. Van Buren July 7, 1838, appropria-
ting $1,489,507 53
Bill for Red river raft  70,000 00
Cumberland Road, &c  459,000 00
Roads in Florida  37,300 00
do. in Wisconsin  44,000 00
For light-house establishment, contained in the
general appropriation bill  356,863 00
Coa^t survey, do. do  90,000 60
Light house bill, for new light houses, 8cc... 340,395 36
First year of Mr. Van Buren's administration. $2,887,065 89
No further river and harbor bill was passed du-
ring Mr. Van Buren's administration. The sys-
tem was arrested, and in 1839-'40, the tools,
machinery, materials, &c., then on hand to com-
plete the works in progress on the lakes, were sold
at a great loss, and the system of harbor and river
improvements to a great extent abandoned.
During Mr. Tyler's administration only one
harbor and river bill received his approval, which
was June 11', 1844. After the passage of this bill
there was a partial resumption of the works;
but during that year Mr. Polk was elected Presi-
dent, which put an end to all hope of accomplish-
ing anything during his administration. It is
true that Congress endeavored to do its duty by
passing river arid harbor bills, but in every in-
stance President Polk either vetoed or pocketed
the bills, and thus one man was able to thwart the
popular will and stop all these important works.
From an able and interesting report, made at
St. Louis, by Thomas Allen, Esq., one of the
executive committee of the Chicago Convention,
many facts were stated which are very important
in showing how much was lost to the country by
arresting these works in this arbitrary manner.
I am indebted to this report for the following
facts:
"Prior to 1838 six steam snag boats had been cons-
tructed, at an average cost for each of about .^5,000—
for six boats #150,000. During the same period eight or
jump small steam boats belonging to the Government were
employed in the same service. One liondred thousand
dollars wan appropriated by Congress 4 for building and
rep-urine the necessary boats and for#carrying on the
improvement of the Missouri, Mississippi, Ohio and Arkan-
eau river*.' Captain John YV. Ilusseli was appointed the
[Feb. 14,
Ho. of Reps.
agent ot' the t'uitrd States, and the bouts having been re-
paired at St. Louis, the \v oik of removing snags was reroin-
iik'iicciI in December of Hint year, and continued until
April IT, 1K1II, when tln'v were suspended by high water,
lint resumed in Aii'just following. Congress appropriated
lor the eighteen months ending June ,'KI, 1814, ,$50,000, up
to which time tlie works were continued."
Soon after this, the Administration was changed
by the election and inauguration of James K,
Polk. Congress continued to do its duty by
passing the necessary appropriation bills, but the
President interposed his veto. All these valu-
able improvements upon the western rivers were
stopped, and the snag boats sold at a sacrifice.
Colonel Lone;, of the corps of Topographical
Engineers, estimates the cost of constructing a
snag-boat, to be used upon the Mississippi and its
branches, at $25,000, exclusive of rigging, tools,
and other equipments. The estimated cost of
working them, as follows:
Employment of four snag boats nine months, at
$•2,160 per month cadi boat  $77,760
Repairs and outfits oftlie same, &c  6,000
Employment of two steam machine-boats, nine
months, at $1,100 per month each boat  19,800
Repairs, &c., of the same  3,000
Construction of two small steam boats, or trans-
ports, of light draught, to serve as toiv-boats, ten-
ders, &c., in the service, at #8,000 each........ 16,000
Employment of same nine months, aft $800 per
month    14,400
Amount for four snag boats, nine months service?..$ 136,960
These boats were of simple construction, yet of
sufficient power to remove the most formidable
stiags in the Mississippi river with facility in a few
minutes. The boats then in use having been sold,
it will be necessary to construct new boats to carry
en the improvements in the Western rivers.
Sir, the suspension of this great system of in-
ternal improvements, and the consequent loss of
life and property, and the damage sustained by our
commerce, admonishes us of the necessity of
resuming these important improvements, and of
making the system as permanent as the Govern-
ment itself. The appropriations should be as reg-
ular*as the annual appropriations for the support
of Government; and I do not see the least objec-
for the conttnu-
in
tion to putting the appropriations for the contin
ance of all works, heretqfore authorized by law,
the general appropriation bill.
Sir, the appropriations should not only be an-
nually made until the improvements are fully com-
pleted, but they should afterwards remain under
the constant supervision of some competent agent
of the Government, to maintain and keep them in
repair.
When any light-house, pier, or breakwater is
constructed on the borders of, or within, any State,
the title and jurisdiction of the land upon which
each improvement is made should be ceded to the
United States, so that the Government shall not
only have the right to the possession, but the ab-
solute responsibility and duty of keeping and
maintaining them in good repair and condition, to
answer the purposes for which the improvements
were made. As to all new works, I think it would
be desirable that they should be commenced in
separate bills, as heretofore proposed by the Hon.
J. A. Dix, in order to secure a thorough examin-
ation, to ascertain beforehand that the work pro-
posed is of sufficient national importance to war-
rant Congress in assuming jurisdiction and control
over it, as a Government work, before it is adopted
as such. To elucidate these views more fully, I
will take a practical illustration. The improve-
ment of the St. Clair Flats is of sufficient national
i importance to enforce upon the General Govern-
ment the duty of immediately deepening and im-
proving the channel in a manner sufficient to make
the navigation safe and easy through this thorough-
fare of commerce. This duty is not only admit-
ted by all the people- of the seven States bordering
upon this obstructed channel, but it is recom-
mended by Government officers who have made
an examination and report on this subject.* The
*The late Captain Williams, of the Tojiograph ieal Corps
of Engineers, who made an examination m 1841, says:
" Another point of great interest is the obstruction to
navigation at the month of the St. ('lair river. The river
forms a delta, having three principal outlets—the north,
middle, anil south channels—and one or more intermediate
passages. The general thoroughfare at present is by the
' north channel, llie middle channel not having sufficient
water on the bar for the draught of steamboats and the
i larger olass of Uk  v«weli. By a out through «f ne great
