1851.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LO@E.
173
31st <Jong 2d Sess.
Two per cent. Fund in Missouri—Mr. Benteft.
Ho. or Reps.
proposed improvement has never beea adopted be I
Congress, and no appropriation has as yet been j
made. It now comes before us as a new Improve- i
ment, to be adopted as a national work. We go
through all the forms of passing a law authorizing
the improvement to be made, and we propose to
appropriate the sum of $40,000 to commence the
work. To make the adoption by the United
States effectual, so that its duty be fully discharged, •
let us provide in the same law that the sum of
£20,000 shall be appropriated annually, until there
sliall be a navigable channel through the entire bar
sufficient to pass all the vessels navigating these
waters, and the work is fully completed. The
appropriations may then be continued from year
to year in the general appropriation bills till the :
work is finished. This would give permanency
to the system, and without that the labor and ma- :
terials of one Administration is liable to be lost
by the caprice or party prejudice of the one which
succeeds it.
I trust I shall be pardoned by the committee if
I make some allusion to the harbor within my own 1
district, and in which 1 feel an especial interest. 1
The harbor at Buffalo is of great national import-
ance. It is the principal commercial depdt of the
great valley of the lakes above Niagara Falls; the
great mart and port of transhipment for at least
eight of^ the northwestern States and Territories,
and the western terminus of the Erie Canal, three
hundred and sixty-five miles in length, connecting
these lakes with Hudson river. It was made a •
port of entry and a collection district by act of
Congress in 1805, and has since that time been
under the jurisdiction of the United States.
The land for light-house, &c., was deeded to the 1
United States in 1819. The aggregate value of I
the property shipped east and west through the |
port of Buffalo alone, during the last season, was ;
about $70,000,060—equal to one half the entire 1J
foreign export trade of the whole Union. The I i
total number of arrivals and departures was eight 1 j
thousand four hundred and forty-four, and the
tonnage of the same, two million seven hundred !
and thirteen thousand seven hundred. No appro- ■
priation for this harbor has been made since 1844.
The Government pier, which protects the entrance, ;
and resting on land belonging te the United States,
has been greatly damaged by storms. The severe
gale which occurred in 1844, broke through the '
pier, and it has only been partially repaired. !
Since that thne, it is no uncommon sight to see
half a dozen loaded vessels sticking fast on the bars, I
which have been forming.around the light-house at I
the end of the Government pier, at the mouth of
the harbor. The appropriation contained in the
bill for this harbor is only (50,0001 This is but a
small item when compared with the extent of its
commerce, and the relation it bears to all the other ,
harbors upon the lakes. I would by no means
desire to diminish the amounts for the other ports;
but rather that the amount for Buffalo should be
increased. I am gratified to see that Oswego and
Rochester, important ports upon Lake Ontario, j
are provided for in the bill; and that Dunkirk, i
Erie, Cleveland, Sandusky, Milwaukie, and Chi-
cago, have not been overlooked.
In 1834, the appropriation for the Hudson river
was in a separate bill; but as it is the great chan-
nel through which is transported the principal im-
ports to, and exports from, the lake region, as 1
well as Upper Canada, I trust that the item of
J>75,000 for this river, contained in it, is not now
in the " wrong bill." On looking at the items for
the Valley of the Mississippi, I see in the bill, for
the Ohio river, above the Falls, #80,000, and be-
low these Falls, at Cumberland Island, §50,000;
and for the Mississippi, Missouri, and Arkansas
rivers, $240,000. I also see that the bill contains
appropriations for the ports on the Atlantic coast
and Gulf of Mexico. Indeed, I may say that all
length, (by dredging,) a channel may be effected, it is !
thought, and a distance saved of upwards of sii miles. * • i
"The importance of some improvements being made here '
to facilitate commercial operations cannot be too strongly
recommended. I will repeat Hie remarks alluded to: 'That ■
< vessels are frequently detained here, and that steamboats
' have to be lightened of a portion of their cargoes before
'they are enabled to pass over the bar. A small expense ,
' would obviate the difficulty and facilitate a thoroughfare
' of commerce, having for its object the intercourse be-
' tween the waters of die Mississippi and the great emporia
' of our northeastern States, and all the great interests bor-
• daring on thu channel of communication.'"
sections of the country seem to have been fairly
| considered by the committee; and although J
I should be gratified to see some of the items in-
creased, yet I fully believe the committee hav<
done what was for the best, and I hope the bill
will pass.
The revenues derived from commerce were, upon
the adoption of the Constitution, surrendered to
the General Government," to provide forthecom-
1 mon defence, to promote the general wenare, and
' to secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves anr
our posterity." The Government collect large
revenues on imports at the several ports embraced
in this bill. While thus enjoying the revenues
derived front commerce, there must be a reciprocal
duty on the part of the Government, to facilitate.
, protect, and foster the hand that supplies it with
the means of support.
In the last year of General Jackson's adminis-
tration the appropriations to these objects were
over #3,000,000, and in the first year of Mr. Van
j Buret's administration they were rather lees than
! $3/100,000; but the average of these two years was
j about 03,000,000.
! In resuming these worTts again, it seems to me
! that if the Government were pledged to expend
$3,000,000 annually for ten years in a systematic
and vigorous prosecution of these works, it would
] not only be a great saving of time and money over
the former mode of prosecuting them, but would
add greatly to the facility and protection of com-
merce; to the defence of the country, by enabling
it to transport men and munitions of war; facili-
tate the intercourse of our citizens,and the speedy
transmission of the mails.
j In reply to <he suggestion of the gentleman from
Louisiana, [Mr. Morse,] that to pass bills like
these will tend to weaken the bonds of the Union,
I take leave most respectfully to dissent from that
opinion. I believe that every dollar expended in
i perfecting this system of internal improvements
I will have the contrary effect from that predicted
by the gentleman from Louisiana. Sir, the con-
I straetion of the Cumberland Road, extending, as
j it does, from Maryland, through Pennsylvania,
Virginia, Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, has greatly
increased die commerce and intercourse between
Baltimore and the great West, and Baltimore has
been much benefited by the increased trade and
business that has been drawn to it. It has in-
creased the' facility of the mail service, and has
increased the attachment of the people, east and
west of the mountains, in all the States through
which this road passes.
Sir, the Mississippi and its tributaries, extend-
ing through the whole valley of the Mississippi,
forming twenty thousand miles of navigable com-
munication, and finding an outlet in the Gulf of
Mexico, improved, as it must be, by the General
Government, will forever bind all that immense
region together by kindred, by social intercourse,
and by commercial relations. They all have a
common interest in its waters, and in its free
and unobstructed navigation from its sources to
its mouth. No line east and west across the val-
ley of the Mississippi ever should be allowed to
separate a people bound together by so many cords
of interest and attachment, and I trust and believe
that no such line ever will be drawn.
At the last session Congress granted a right of
way and made large donations of land to the
States of Illinois, Mississippi, and Alabama, to
aid in the construction of a railroad from Chicago
to Mobile. Ii" this road is constructed, as" trust
it will be, it will increase the social intercourse and
commercial interests between the North and South,
and will tend to consolidate the Utoion more closely.
There will not only be an iron band, extending
across several States, but a bond of sympathy and
interest growing out of the increased intercourse
between the people of these States, which is far
better. This was one of the reasons which in-
fluenced me to.vote for that bill, and which would
induce me to vote for other improvements of the
same character.
The marine disasters and losses on the Lakes,
for the last three years, have been as follows:
1848..Loss of property, $490,512; of lives... 55
1849...do do  368,171;...do  34
1850...do do  558,926;.. Ao 395
* $1,347,609. No* lives..484
Making an -aggregate loss of property of $1,347,-
609; and of lives, 474. This great loss is mainly
for the want of good harbors of refuge and shelter
on the lakes between Buffalo and Chicago. The
| annual loss of life and property on the Mississippi >
I and its tributaries is much greater. The loss of
; property upon the lakes and rivers cannot be less
than $2,000*000 annually, which is annihilated—
blotted out of the wealth of the conn try, for the
want of proper care and attention on the part of
the Government. I am aware that the destruction
of human life upon our navigable waters is not en-
tirely chargeable to the want of the improvements
; provided for in this bill. Fearful losses have .
occurred by fire and other casualties, but this does
not lessen the responsibility and constitutional duty
of the _ Government for the losses that occur by
reason of snags in the rivers and the want of ade-
quate harbors upon the takes. Shall this frightful
destruction of human life go on and increase with
the increasing business and population of the coun-
try? We have the means in the Treasury to
remedy these evils to a great extent. We have the
constitutional power to do it; we have the exam-
ples of Washington, Jefferson, Adams, and Jack-
1 son, in the precedents to which I have referred, for
the exercise of that power, and 1 trust we shall
now follow those precedents by the passage of this
bill.
TWO PER CENT. FUND IN MISSOURI.
DEBATE IN THE SENATE.
Friday, February, 14, 1851.
Mr. Benton having asked leave to introduce his bill to
allow to the State of Missouri the two per centum on tile
sales of public lands, wad proceeding to address the Senate
on the subject when a question of order was raised that
. caused a discussion of some length, (which was terminated
by a vote of the Senate giving the honorable Senator leave
to proceed. He then resumed his remarks as follows:
Mr. BENTON. I go back, Mr. President, not
! | to the place of the interruption, but to the begin-
\ ning. I have no notion that my speech shall be
! i broken up, and speckled over, with the interjected
matter which has been thrown upon it. I mean
| it shall appear as a whole—one connected, unin-
terrupted speech; and, for that purpose, shall go
, back to the beginning, and recommence, as if I
had just got up for the first time. I say, then, I
rise, Mr. President, for the purpose of asking
leave to introduce a bill to make good to the State
of Missouri the amount of the two per centum
road %nd which has been withheld from her—
being the same bill which was rejected by the
Senate last week. There is a principle of general
propriety, applicable to all proceedings, legislative.
or judicial, which requires a sulyect, once deter-
mined, to be considered finished, unless there are
good reasons for reopening it. I have reasons for
renewing this bill, and at this session^ to which
the objection to the second consideration of the
same bill at the same session would readily yield.
At the next session, and at all subsequent sessions,
it would be matter of right to introduce this bill.
Now it is matter of discretion, and depends upon
reasons; and I have these reasons, good and strong,
ready to produce. It will be recollected that the
Senator from Kentucky who sits furthest over the
way, [Mr. Clay,] was the only Senator who
spoke against the bill at the time it was rejected;
and the Senate may, therefore, be supposed to
have acted on the reasons which he presented. I
propose now to introduce that Sena! or on the other
side of the question—as pleading for the Hill—as
backing and supporting me; and if I shall succeed
in this, I shall expect to have better luck this time
than I had the last.
It will be recollected that the point between us
was the construction of the compact—the meaning
of the covenant—by which the United States
bound herself to make this road to the State of
Missouri. My argument was that the road must
be carried to the State boundary—must toueh the
boundary; and that the obligation was not fulfilled
, by making a road in other States pointing towards
Missouri—in the direction of Missouri—pointing
towards her, but not going to her. The Senator's
argument, on the contrary, was that this was not
the true construction of the compact—that the
United States was not bound to carry the road up
to the line of the State. I give him the benefit of
! his own words, for I mean to produce others of
