174
appendix to the congressional globe.
[Feb. 14,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Two per cent. Fund in Missouri—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
his own words against him. He said the con-
struction which would require the United States
to carry the road up to the very line of Missouri
was not the true interpretation; that it was suffi-
cient that the road approached the State—led to-
wards it—was directed towards it, so that she had
benefit from it; and that all these requisites were
already fulfilled in the road made from Cumber-
land to Wheeling, and thence through the States
of Ohio and Indiana, and as far as Yandalia or
Illinois. This was the point between us; and 1
now introduce the Senator from Kentucky on my
side of the question, and present him pleading, on
a former occasion, with ardor and success, in favor
of the same point which he now condemns, and
which I maintain. I quote from a speech of the
Senator from Kentucky, in the House of Repre-
sentatives, in January, 1825, when he was a
member of that body, and which appears to have
been revised by him:
" Mr. Clay asked if the United States were not under a
positive obligation to extend this road? What was the his-
tory of tliis undertaking? It arose out of a compact between
the United States and the State of Ohio, at the time that
State was admitted into the Union, by which two per cent,
of the net proceeds of the sales of the public lands was to
be applied to the making of a road leading to the State of
Ohio. A similar provision was also made in the compacts
by which Indiana, Illinois, Missouri, Mississippi, and he
believed, Alabama, were admitted as States. It had been
contended by some gentlemen that the construction of the
Cumberland road was a fulfillment of this compact on the i
part of the United States. This, said Mr. C., I deny utterly. ,
I grant, indeed, that it is a fulfillment of the compact with
the State of Ohio. The United States covenanted to make
a road leading to that State. They have done so, and Ohio i
has no right to demand that the road should be carried one I
foot further. But the case is entirely different with the States [
beyond Ohio. They have a right, under their respective I
compacts, to demand a road which shall terminate at their
limits—a road which shall be brought up to the boundary of |
those States respectively. Itis very truetliatCongress may ,
begin the road wherever they please, but it must terminate
ot°the State to which Congress lias covenanted that the road
shall lead.
" Am I not, said Mr. Clay, arguing a question which is too
plain to be illustrated ? Can it be said that Government has
made a road to Missouri, when it has made a road which no-
where approaches Missouri within five hundred miles ? Or,
that it has made a road to the other western States, when
it has made one to a point two hundred and fifty, three
hundred, or five hundred miles from tliem ? Gentlemen say
that a road has been made in that direction. It might as
well be said that the making of Pennsylvania Avenue, in
this city, was a fulfillment of the contract, or that the Gov-
ernment might begin a road in the remotest part of the east,
and end it there, provided it had a western direction.
" Its being, then, a national object—an object which has
been commenced—an object due by compact to the western
States—all these considerations unite to call for the p^sage
of the present bill."
This, Mr. President, is the way the Senator !
from Kentucky spoke twenty-five years ago, when
his acquaintance with the subject was much more
fresh than it is at present, and when he gave ut-
terance to his sentiments with all the fullness of |
deep conviction. Then the making of the Cum- j
berland road from the town of Cumberland to the i
Ohio river, was no fulfillment of the covenant with [
any State beyond Ohio; now it is a perfect fulfill- !
ment of the compact with Missouri, because it
leads towards her, and because her citizens have
the benefit of it in coming to the seat of Govern-
ment and to the Atlantic cities. Then the States
beyond Ohio had a right to demand the continua-
tion of the. road to their respective boundaries;
now Missouri has not the privilege to ask it to go
to her. Then they had a right to have the road
brought up to the boundary of the State; now the
true construction of the compact does not require
the road to be carried up to the very line of the
State. By a remarkable concurrence the exple-
tive up was used both in the affirmation of the ,
right in 1825 and in the denial of it in 1851. In
claiming the right, I had only said to the State: the
Senator from Kentucky, in his geater zeal and full
conviction, made it stronger by adding up—by say- 1
ing up to the line—the very line—thereby showing .
his conviction that the road ought to run slam,
bang, jam up against the line, wherever it might
be. The Senator then declared that approaches to
—direction of—in a direction towards—was no ful-
fillment of the compact—no more so in this western
pointing Cumberland road, than the making of the
western-pointing Pennsylvania Avenue was a ful-
fillment of it. Then the right of the State to have
the road to its borders was too plain for illustration;
now it is too unfounded for presentation. Then
Missouri was not to be bluffed off with a road
five hundred, or three hundred, or two hundred ,
miles from her; now she is to accept such a road
as full satisfaction of her compact—accept the
Cumberland road through Maryland, Pennsyl-
vania, and Virginia, and through Ohio and Indiana,
and to the Kaskaskiariver in Illinois, as a road up to
her line. He was then in favor of passing the bill j
which carried the road to her line, and now against i
standing to it. In short, the Senator from Ken- ,
tucky wftfj then entirely on the side of the rights
of Missouri, as I now understand them; and he
is now entirely against those rights, as he himself
then understood them. He cannot be right in both
positions; and I claim him as he stood in 1825.
So much for the construction of the compact:
now for the law made to carry that compact into
effect. For it so happens that there is law upon
this subject—Federal statute law—made for the
purpose of carrying the compact with Missouri
into effect, and precisely in the way understood by
the Senator from Kentucky in 1825, and by my-
self always. I speak of an act of Congress of
May, 1820, to continue the Cumberland road from ,
Wheeling, in Virginia, to the Mississippi river—
to a point, to be chosen by the commissioners, on
the left bank of the river, between St. Louis and
the mouth of the Illinois river. This is the act: i
" That the President be authorized to appoint three im- I
partial and judicious persons, not being citizens of any of
the States aforesaid, to be commissioners, and, in ease of
the death or resignation of any of them, to appoint other and
like persons in their place, who shall have power carefully
to examine the country between Wheeling, in the State of
Virginia, and a point on the Mississippi river, to be chosen
by said commissioners, between St. Louis and the mouth
of the Illinois river, and to lay out a road from Wheeling
aforesaid to the point so to be chosen on the left bank of the
river Mississippi; the said road to be on a straight line, or as
nearly so as, having a due regard to the condition and situ-
ation of the ground and water-courses over which the same
shall be laid out, shall bo deemed expedient and practicable.
And said commissioners shall have power to employ able
surveyors, chain-bearers, and other necessary assistants, in
laying out said road; and as much of the land of the United
States as may be included within the same, shall be and is
hereby reserved and excepted from the sales of the public
lands. The said read to be eighty feet wide, and designated
by marked trees, stakes, or other conspicuous monuments,
at the distance of every quarter of a mile, and at every an-
gle of a deviation from a straight line. And the said com-
missioners shall cause to be made, and delivered to the
President of the United States, an accurate plan of said
road, as laid out by them, with a written report, describing
therein the State lines crossed, the marks, monuments,
courses, and distances by which the said road shall be de-
signated; describing also the water-courses and the nature
and quality of the ground over which the said road shall be
laid out;.they shall, moreover divide said road into sections i
of not more than ten, nor less thau five miles long, noticing i
the materials that may be used in making, and giving an •
estimate of the expense of making, each section of the road
aforesaid."
This is the act; and it is the legislative construc- >
tion, and also the commencement of the legislative
execution, of the compact with Missouri. The
Senator from Kentucky was a member of Con-
gress at the time that it was passed—was in favor
of its passage—and no doubt made his speech of
1825 in full conviction that the act was right, and
with the full determination, at that time, to carry
| it faithfully into effect. It is a very remarkable
act, and uses language which concludes the ques-
j tion under every point of view. It provides for
carrying the road to the Mississippi—to lay it out
to the river—fixes the limits between which it is
to reach the river—gives the commissioners full
power to fix the point within those limits—directs
them to return a map of the road, and an estimate
of the expense of its construction; and surely this
was enough to show the understanding of Con-
gress, ^.nd also to show the good faith of Congress
in keeping the compact.
j This act was immediately carried into effect.
The President appointed three commissioners to
, execute it—three men combining as much science,
practical knowledge, and character, as could be
found in the United States. One was Colonel
McRee, of the United States engineers, deemed
by all military men of our army as one of the first
engineers of any country; another was Mr.
Lacoclc, of Pennsylvania, formerly a Senator in
Congress; the third was Mr. David Shriver, one
, of the family of Shrivers so long and so skillfully
employed on the Cumberland road and other im-
portant works of internal improvement. These
commissioners executed their task—laid out the
' road—chose the bank opposite St. Louis as the
terminating point—made their report, and a map
of the road—returned the whole to the engineer
J department, with n recommendation, which was
adopted in a subsequent act, that, instead of a
straight road, it should be laid out to pass the
capitals of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, a deflection
which, though taking the road thirty-six miles,
at its widest part, from the straight line, would
only increase the distance three miles. Here are
some extracts from their report:
" The commissioners, with a view to furnish the Govern-
ment with such information as they possess at this time, on
the proposed continuation of the Cumberland road fiom
Wheeling to the Mississippi, present the following state-
ment :
" On the 5th of December the commissioners reached the
Mississippi river, having traveled through snow a foot deep
for several days.
"The commissioners next proceeded to examine the
ground opposite the town of St. Louis. Here, likewise,
the ground was considered by no means unfavorable for the
location of a good road, the eastern bank being elevated to
sucli a height as to confine the water of the river within its
channel, except in extraordinary high Hoods, which is said
not to have happened for many years.
" The commissioners are directed to select a point at
which to terminate the road on the left bank of the Missis-
sippi, between St. Louis and the mouth of the Illinois river.
If it was the design of Congress to control the commission-
ers in the discharge of this duty by the rule which applies
to the intermediate distance—that is, goodness of ground
and shortness of route—in that case it is highly probable the
point should be made above the mouth of the Missouri
river. But, on the other hand, if the commissioners are
left at liberty to take into consideration all the political and
commercial circumstances that the whole case presents,
they do not hesitate to say, from their present impressions,
that St. Louis should be the point selected for the termina-
tion of the road."
This was the act, and the proceedings under the
act, of 1820. They are cardinal, and vital to this
inquiry. They confirm the interpretation of the
compact as the Senator from Kentucky understood
it in 1825, and as I understood it then and now,
and was a fuithful commencement on the part of
Congress to carry it into effect. It would put the
seal upon the case, even if I had nothing more to
offer; but I have more, and of equal dignity with
this—an act of 1825, the same in favor of which
the Senator from Kentucky made the speech from
which I have read some passages, and which pro-
vided for carrying the road, not only to Missouri
but into her—and into her deeply—as far up as to
her permanent seat of government. The Senator
from Kentucky read us the first section of that act,
to show the pledge of the Missouri two per centum
fund to the reimbursement of the appropriations
it contained. He did not read, or any way allude
to the fourth section of that act, providing for the
continuation of the Cumberland road, and con-
taining the condition on which that pledge was
made. He was very careful to show the pledge
of reimbursement, and to argue upon it as extend-
' ing the Missouri pledge of reimbursement to all the
moneys—the upwards of six millions—expended
upon this road from old Fort Cumberland, on the
, Potomac, to Vandalia, on the Kaskaskia river.
He was very careful to show that the Missouri
Senators voted for the pledge, by voting against
Mr. Holmes's motion to strike it out, but did not
think it worth while to show the condition on
which it was given. He could search the Journals
twenty-five years, to prove my vote upon me,
which vote, and others with it, I had stated in my
first opening speech on the subject; but he could
not look about an incl and a half further down,
on the same page from which he read, to show the
pledge—the simultaneous pledge of Congress—to
carry the road not only to the line, but to the then
geographical, and still political centre of the State.
He could promenade his eyes over five and twenty
years of yeas and nays to find a vote, but could
not drop them an inch and a half on the some
page to show the condition on which that vote
was given, and the injustice of his own argument.
I will supply his omission, and will first read the
same section that he read, for the purpose of cor-
recting his construction of it—for the purpose of
showing that it was limited to the sum then and
there appropriated, and had no extension to the
vast sums already expended or to be expended in
the general construction of the Cumberland road.
This is the section:
"That the sum of ,$150,000, of moneys not otherwise ap-
propriated, be and the same is hereby appropriated for the
purpose of opening and making a road from the town of
Canton, in the State of Ohio, on the right bink of the Ohio
river, opposite the town of Wheeling, to the Muskingum
river, at Zanesville, in said State; which said «um of
.$150,000 shall be replaced out of the fund reserved for lay-
ing out and making roads, under the direction of Conjre<>,
by the several act* passed for the admission of the .Stat** «*f
