178
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 14,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Two per cent. Fund in Missouri—Mr. Clay.
Senate.
stated that the speech recently made by me in op- 1
position to his bill, and published in the papers of
tills city, was revised by me. - That is not the
fact. I never sajv it from the time it was deliv-
ered until I read it in the morning papers, when it
first appeared. I very rarely do. I very rarely,
even in former years, revised the. speeches which
I made: perhaps too seldom for the poor reputa-
tion which.I may have in the country. With re-
spect to the speech which the Senator quotes as
having been made by me in 1825, I am unable to
assert whether I did or did not revise it.
In making these explanations i wish it to be
distinctly understood that I do" not mean to shel-
ter myself, by the fact of not having revised my
last speech, against any supposed opposition of
opinions which the Senator has endeavored to de-
d.ice from the compraison of the two speeches. I
claim no such shrinking privilege. The great dis-
pute between the Senator from Missouri and my-
self is this: A compact was made with various
States, pledging, in the instance ofOhio,the two per
cent, fund to carry the road to the State, and through
it, but in all the other instances pledging the Gen-
eral Government to supply the two per cent, fund
at its own discretion in roads leading to those
States—Indiana, Illinois, and Missouri. The ar-
gument of the Senator is, that, although the Cum-
berland road has been extended some seven or
eight hundred miles, it has not been carried directly
ur. to the line of Missouri. My argument, on the
other hand, was, that the whole two per centum
was to be expended under the direction and ac-
cording to the judgment of Congress, in construct-
ing roads leading to those States, and that Con-
gress was to be the judge of where the road should
commence; and that from the terms of the com- j
pact it was manifest that it was not intended the
road should begin at the State or from the State, !
but it was to begin somewhere else and lead to the
State. I contended that the General Government,
in the faithful execution of this stipulation, had '
exhausted the whole two per cent, fund of all the ,
four States, and that the exhaustion took place
even before the road reaehed Vandalia, the seat of ;
government of Illinois. I have contended, there- 1
fore, that the General Government has honestly
endeavored to carry out its contract, and that if it
has failed to carry the road to the line of Missouri,
it has been not because of An indisposition to fulfill
the contract, but because of the exhaustion of the
fund out of which the object was to be accom-
plished
Now, if the Senator from Missouri be right that
there is an imperative obligation on the General ,
Government to carry the road up to the line of Mis-
souri, what ought to be his proposition? Not to
ask to be refunded an exhausted fund, every cent*
of which has been spent in the prosecution of the
object of the compact, but it should be to intro- 1
duce a bill to compel the General Government to
extend the road from Vandalia to the eastern bank
of the Mississippi. But the Senator, instead of
asking the execution of the compact by the exten-
sion of the road to the line of Missouri, asks—
what? Why, that a fund which has been more
than three or four times exhausted; a fund that is
not in the Treasury; a fund which has been ex-
pended in the fulfillment of the compact with the
knowledge of Missouri, with the concurrence of
her delegation in both Houses of Congress, shall
be restored to the State.
And now with respect to the terms of the com-
pact. The Senator says it is not any road which,
m the judgment of Congress, it may be fit to make,
that was authorized to be made by the compact.
If any Senator will take the trouble to read the
language of the various stipulations made in the
compacts with the several States, he will find that
in every one of them the language is that the two
per ceijjum is to be applied to the construction of
a road leading to the State, without specification as
to the character of the road.
The Senator has said it was to extend the Cum-
berland road. That is not the case. In the first
instance, when under the compact with Ohio the
Cumberland road was beginning at Cumberland
to be extended towards Ohio, it was any road
which Congress chose, on account of the moun- (
tainous character of the country and other rea-
sons, to have constructed. The character of the
road has been altered several times. The road
was, of course, to be permanent and durable. But
in none of the compacts with Illinois, Indiana, or
Missouri, was the character of the road mentioned
which the Government was to construct out of the
two per cent. fund.
The Senator says also that the General Govern-
ment was under obligation to carry the road to Jef-
ferson City, the seat of government of Missouri.
It is under no such obligation by the compact, for
the obligation of the compact terminated upon
reaching the line of the State of Missouri, accord-
ing to the Senator. According to my construction
of the obligation and duty of Congress, it termi-
nated whenever the fund out of which the object
was to be accomplished was exhausted.
The Senator has looked up an old speech of
mine made in 1825, whieh I have never read since
it was made, and has brought that speech into
' contrast with the one which I made the other day;
and he contends that there is an incongruity be-
tween them, and that a different interpretation is
given to the compact by the two speeches. Now
it must be recollected that the speech which was
made in 1825 was made before there had been any
application of the two per cent, fund, to any con-
siderable extent, if to any extent whatever, of the
three States of Indiana, Illinois, and Missouri. I
was arguing then that Congress was bound to
apply that fund in execution of the compact. I
was arguing against the position contended for by
some opponents of the bill that the compact was
fulfilled when the Cumberland road reached the
Ohio river. I contended upon that occasion, as I
contended the other day, that our obligation to
Ohio ceased when theroad reached the Ohio river;
that the fund out of which the object was to be
accomplished was exhausted, and therefore that
1 Ohio had no claims upon us for the extension of
the road further; but that Indiana, Illinois, and
Missouri had claims upon us to carry the road
through Ohio, not for the sake of the benefit of
Ohio, although she might incidentally derive ben-
i efit from it, but for the sake of the States to which
• it was to be carried, or towards which it was to
, lead. I contended then that it was no answer to
say that the road was in part made, but that we
ought to go on tlH the fund was expended. And
1 what did I say the other day? I gave four or five
( answers to the objections made by the Senator to
the fact that the road had not been carried to
! the line of Missouri. I said, in the first place,
that it was impossible to carry it directly to
the line of Missouri because of the intervention of
the Mississippi river. The gentleman says that
is a case for compromise, but he insists on the
literal execution of the compact in other respects.
If the Senator is to be understood as having
given.a correct exposition of the compact, no mat-
ter what obstacles may present themselves, we
are bound to carry the road to the very line of
Missouri. But it was provided that it should stop
on the eastern bank of the Mississippi river.
With respect to carrying the road beyond the
Mississippi river and up to Jefferson City, the
seat of government of Missouri, I a:<k what part
of the compact between Missouri and the General
Government pledges us to carry the road to that
city? T1'ere is no State, and there will be none
for a long time, west of Missouri, to which, in the
execution of a compact, we should carry the road
through Missouri as it was carried through Ohio.
But without any such exterior western State, a
clause was introduced—I was aware of its exist-
ence—in the act of 1825, not in the compact, but in
the act, for a survey of the road to Jefferson City.
If it is to be carried there, it is clearly not within
the compact, and it must be carried under the fren-
eral power which has been so often asserted to
make internal improvements. Now, what was
the argument in 1825? When there was money
in the Treasury, when money was daily coming
"in, I said, in answer to those who contended we
had fulfilled the compact by terminating the road
at the Ohio river, that we should carry the road
beyond that in order to fulfill our compacts with the
States beyond Ohi . Among the answers which
I gave to the Senator the other day, I said that if
there was enough of the two per cent, remaining
in the Treasury to carry the road to Missouri, or
as near to it as you could reach with convenience,
it ought to be done. Did I not further contend
that if Missouri would wait until the fund accu-
mulated to an extent sufficient to authorize the
Government to make a road from VanJaliato her
boundary, then it ought to be done? I never de-
nied that if the fund existed in abundance for the
purpose of accomplishing the object, you should
carry the road as far as you could—make it ap-
proach as near as practicable to the line of the
State with which you had made the stipulation.
But I contended that we had made between seven
and eight hundred miles of road from Cumberland
to Vandalia, pledging from time to time the two
per cent, fund, and more than three times its
amount derivable from Missouri. I contended
that the General Government, in the execution of
the compact, had carried the road as far as the
money would enable them to do, and if they did not
carry it further it was not because of the want of
the will, but because of the want of the means to
provide for carrying it further.
I contend that between the argument of 1825
and the argument which I offered to the Senate
the other day, there is no such incompatibility as
the Senator tries to make out. 1 said then that if
you could carry the road to Missouri you ought
to carry it there, if you had the money with which
' to do it. I said in 1825 that the road ought not to
stop at the Ohio river in fulfillment of the compact
of Ohio, but that it ought to be carried further, to
carry out the compact with the States Ivmg west
of Ohio. I added the other day that the States
lying west of Wheeling had derived benefit from
that Cumberland road; they derived benefit by
traveling, and they derived all the benefits to
which a road can be applied which is constructed
for the public use and for the public benefit.
A word now with respect to the practicability of
| making theroad through the State of Illinois. I
I do not know that there are many Senators here
| who were here in 1836 and 1838. So rapidly do
we pass off the stage that a very few years make
a great difference in the dramatis persona;. But I
am sure if thei;e be any here who were here in '36
and '38, they will recollect that the idea of mak-
ing a paved road through the State of Illinois was
! abandoned because of the enormity of the expense
i of making it, the materials not being at hand, and
having to be drawn from such ail immense dis-
tance. I recollect distinctly, though I have not re-
cently referred to the documents, that upon that
occasion it was made known to us that gravel and
stone had been hauled thirteen miles in order to
place it on the road, and it was seen that a debt of
the most enormous magnitude must be contracted
if the road, under such extraordinary expenses,
was paved, graveled, or macadamized. Hence
Congress only contemplated to make a road that
' was not macadamized through the State of Illinois.
Mr. President, I fear I am consuming more of
the time of the Senate than I ought to on this bill.
It comes at last to the question which I have stated.
Missouri has half the application of the two per
cent, fund to more than three times its amount,
even if you limit her liabilty to that only expended
m the State of Illinois, and there is no money out
' of which she can be paid. That two per centum
was positively and expressly pledged to the reim-
bursement of the expenditure which the General
Government had made, but that reimbursement
hns not yet been effected, and, until it is effected,
/ Missouri has no claim on the Government. It
was said in the report of the committee that in the
case of the eight other States with which similar
stipulations had been made by compact at the time .
of thuir admission into the Union, those States had
' the two per centum refunded to them. I answered
, that the other day. I repeat the answer now. In
no one instance of those eight States had there been
any expenditure of a single dollar to make a road
leading to any one of them; the money therefore
[ was in the Treasury unapplied, and was surren-
I dered to the several States because it had not been
expended. The difference between them and Mis-
souri, Illinois, Indiana, and Ohio—no one of which
1 but Missouri has ventured to ask the payment of
the two per cent, fund—is, that in the case of the
eight States the fund v/as unexpended and unex-
hausted, while in the case of these four States the
fund was positively p!edged to the reimbursement
of the General Government. The General Gov-
ernment has not yet been reimbursed, and the
question is whether without being reimbursed we
! should pay this fund to any one of these States.
