1851.}
aPpehdix to the congressional globe.
179
31st Cong 2d Sess.
River and Harbor Bill—Mr. Featherston.
Ho. or Reps.
And now a word in relation to the act of 1841,
to which the Senator referred; and with respect to
that stipulation of it with regard to the two per
cent, fund of Alabama and Mississippi. It will be
recollected that in that case" the fund was in the
Treasury, that it was to have .been expended for
the common benefit of the Union and of those
States; that it was to have been expended to make
roads, not within them, but leading to them. It
was a fund, therefore, in the application of which
the whole Union, as well as those two States, was
interested. When, therefore, there was a propo-
sition made to surrender the fund, the General
Government had a right to propose the terms on
which the surrender should Ibe made, and had a
right to say, " if we give up to you this money,
if we relinquish the interest we have in the ma-
king of roads leading to you, we have a right to
stipulate for another mode of applying it, which
may produce benefit to the Union at large." Now,
how is it with respect to the case as put hy the
Senator from Missouri ? Missouri comes here as
a creditor claiming that we are her debtor. She
demands the money as a matter of right. Hera
is an inexorable demand, and she demands that
her debtor pay her forthwith. I said the other
day, and I repeat now, that if the money be due,
if we stand in the relation of a debtor to Missouri,
we have no right to enter into a stipulation with
our creditor and say how the money we pay our
creditor Bhould be applied.
Sir, if it be the pleasure of the Senate to heeur
more on this subject; if it be their judgment as to
propriety to suffer a bill again to be introduced
which was decided after fair and full argument by
a majority of almost two to one I believe; if it be
the desire of the Senate that of the fourteen re-
maining working days of the session we should
devote another to the discission of the bill, leave
being granted to introduce it, and it being assigned
for debate on another day; if we think we can de-
vote another one of those fourteen precious days
to the subject, and if there is a prospect also of the
House of Representatives being so little burdened
with business that they can, under the operation
of the two-thirds rule, take up this bill and pass it,
then leave to introduce the bill should be granted,
and a day set aside for its consideration and dis-
cussion.
The question was now put on granting leave to
Mr. Benton to introduca his bill, and resulted
yeas 13, nays 31. See Congressional Globe, page
544.
RIVERS AND HARBORS.
SPEECH OF MR. FEATHERSTON,
or Mississippi,
In the House of Repbesi^tatives,
Saturday, February 15^1851.
The Hotue being in Committee of the Whole on the elate
of the Union, and having under consideration tlie bill ma-
ting appropriations for the improvement of certain Rivera
and Harbors—
Mr. FEATHERSTON addressed the committee
as follows:
Mr. Chairman: As a member of the Committee
on Commerce, from which this biJJ emanated, I
feel it to be my duty to place before the country
some of the reasons which will control rate in cast-
ing my vote against it, and in seeking by all fair
and honorable means to defeat its passage. The
circumstances under which the bill is thrust upon
the House, are not only remarkable but unusual
in the history of legislation. "Within fifteen days
of the close of the session, when not one of the
regular appropriation bills has passed, or been even
discussed; when they are all lying on your table,
amounting in the aggregate to some forty-five or
fifty millions of dollars; when it is conceded by
all parties that there is not time now left, if all the
remaining days of the session should be devoted
to them, to consider maturely and pass them, in-
volving as they do such immense sums of money;
when it is known, too, that they must pass, or an
extra session of Congress wrilf be called,—under
such circumstances the advocates of internal im-
provement by the General Government have called
up this bill and seek its passage, at the very heel
of the session, when it is impossible that the sub-
ject can receive such consideration and dissuasion
as its great importance demands. I ask the friends
of this measure if, when these facts go before the
country, they can be justified in their extraordi-
nary course ? In view of the circumstances, the
conclusion might be drawn that they have chosen
this propitious hour for its passage, that it may
get through with as little discussion as possible—
that its enormities may not be exposed—thatpub-
I lie attention may not be called to it. They have
! a controlling majority in this House, and could J
have taken it up at any time during the session. ;
Days, yea weeks were spent in discussing the 1
: comparatively unimportant subject of cheap post-
■ age. Where were the friends of this measure"
i then, and why was it not taken up? So have
1 weeks been spent in discussing the New York
i Mint bill, the bill for establishing a Board of Com-
I missioners to decide upon private claims, and
others of like character, all of much less import- '
ance than this.
Mr. Chairman, this bill appropriates about two
millions of dollars as it came from the committee. '
How much this sum may be increased by amend- i
ments before it gets through this and the other .
branch of Congress, I know not. It may rise to •
three or four millions of dollars. The American ,
citizen will doubtless come to the conclusion,
when he learns that Congress have appropriated >
two millions of dollars for the improvement of cer-
tain rivers and harbors, that our Government is ;
free from debt, and has an actual surplus in the
Treasury. This would be a rational conclusion;
1 but, unfortunately for the country, it is untrue.
The actual public debt of this Government is
: now not less than eighty millions of dollars, and,
what is still worse, it is increasing and not dimin-
ishing. The estimates for administering the Gov-
ernment for the next year, sent into the two
Houses of Congress by the present Administra-
tion, at the commencement o.f this session, we
were told last evening, by a member of the
Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Jones,]
amount to. about fifty-three millions of dollars.
This is the very moderate sum asked for by
^his economical Administration, to carry on and
administer the Government for one year. It
has been but a few years since*the American
people hurled from power and place an Adminis-
tration and a political party for extravagance in
the administration of the General Government,
j which Administration fell far below fifty millions
annually. Then it was considered that twenty or
.twenty-two millions were the maximum of an
economical and prudent administration for one
year by the party who now sustain the Executive.
But now, I suppose, the present Fillmorean dy-
nasty will be permitted to rise to fifty millions by
the same party, without murmer or rebuke. Such,
however, yd' not be their fate, I trust, when their
acts are brought before the bar of public opinion:
when the people examine them, they will pro-
nounce a very different verdict. If there has been
a time within the last forty years when retrench-
ment and reform should be the watchwords of all
parties, that time has arrived- Rigid economy is
necessary to pay off our national debt, and save
the Treasury from bankruptcy.
The sum demanded by the present Executive for
defraying the annual expenses of the Governments
greater than the annual amount spent by the late
administration of President Polk, both in admin-
istering the Government and prosecuting the
Mexican war. What will be the aggregate amount
of the appropriations made at this session for the
current year ? The regular appropriation bills will
not be less than between forty and fifty millions.
An exact estimate cannot be made at this time, but
they will not fall below forty millions. Add to
this sum the bill now under consideration, (two
millions;) the French spoliation bill, a regiment of
Galphins, (five millions;) the Post Office bill, (one'
million and a half.) Pass all these bills, and what
will be the result ? An aggregate sum of more than
fifty millions. What will be the amount of the
revenue, or receipts in to theTreasury, in the mean
time? The present tariff of 1846 will yield a rev-
enue of forty-five millions for the present year.
This is the estimate of the present Secretary of the
Treasury, and it is low enough. Add to this the
proceeds derived from the sale of public lands, and
other sources of revenue, and you will have a sum
bf nearly fifty millions. This sun, although unu-
sually large, is less than the stun about to be ap-
propriated. Now, sir, with an economical admin-
istration of the Government, the revenue derived
from the present tariff and other sources would not
only defray the current expenses of Government,
but leave a large annual surplus to be applied to
the payment of the national debt, and this largo
debt could in a few years be extinguished from that
source alone. Is this not our true policy as a na-
tion ? The people will fore'e their representatives
to adopt it, and to abandon this system of unwar-
ranted and extravagant expenditure.
I am not one of that school of politicians who
believe a large national debt to be a national bless-
ing. The policy of drawing large sums of money
from the packets of the people to pay the interest
on a large national debt, when by ordinary econ-
omy the deT>t itself may be discharged and the in-
rerest thereby stopped, is iniquitous within itself,
can never receive my sanotion, and I trust will
never receive that of the people of the United States.
The people have hitherto promptly wrested the
administration of the Government from the hands
of such parties as seemed to favor such a policy.
The national debt is increasing under circum-
stances in virtue of whjph it should be gradually
reduced, and under which it could be done with
proper economy. Is this the time, then, Mr. Chair-
man, to embark in a system of internal improve-
ments by the General Government? With a na-
tional debt of upwards of eighty millions, and this
debt increasing, do you propose to appropriate two
millions for the improvement of rivers and harbors?
Where do you get the money to make them? It
must be borrowed—it is not in the Treasury—and
is this good policy to borrow money to make in-
ternal improvements ? If I had no objection to the
bill on constitutional grounds, I should certainly
oppose it for the reasons already stated. One of
the reasons assigned by President Polk for vetoing
the river and harbor bill in 1848, was that the Gov-
ernment Was. then engaged in prosecuting a foreign
war against Mexico, and was borrowing money to
do so—that there was no surplus in the Treasury.
This alone was sufficient if he had had no other
ground on which to rest his veto. One of the rea-
sons assigned by .President Jackson for vetoing
the Maysville road bill in 1830, was that the
Treasury was embarrassed; the national debt had
not been discharged. Does the example of these
distinguished statesmen in favor of an unembar-
rassed Treasury have no influence with the gentle-
man from Maryland, [Mr. McLane,] and other
Democrats who are disposed to favor this bill?
Our embarrassments were not so great in 1848, or
in 1830, as they are now, and if the reasoning of
Mr. Polk and General Jackson was good then, it
is" doubly so now. If this policy of reckless ex-
penditure should not be checked, the credit of the
Government will be greatly impaired, if not de-
stroyed. Neither its own citizens nor foreigners
will have confidence in its ability to discharge its
liabilities. An individual who, with mad fatuity,
rushes on in a career of reckless extravagance, not
only becomes bankrupt in fortune, but equally so
in credit. A similar fate must befall the Govern-
ment which pursues the sameiine of policy.
But, Mr. Chairman, I have other and still bet-
ter reasons on which to rest my opposition to this
measure. Have we the power to engage in a sys-
tem of internal improvements by the General Gov-
ernment, if it were expedient,to do so ? (and this I
deny.) This brings me to the constitutional ques-
tion. Ours, sir, is a Government of limited pow-
ers. Such powers as are conferred on it by the
Federal Constitution are clearly defined and enuf
merated.- Congress must look to that instrument
to determine whether, in this or any other instance,
the power to pass the bill undefr consideration had
been granted. If there be an express grant con-
ferring the power, the question is placed beyond
doubt. If there be no express grant, then the ques-
tion arises, Is the measure proposed necessary to
carry out and give practical effect to any one of tha
express grants ? If so, it may be exercised, for the
power to pass all laws necessary to carry into
effect the express provisions of the Constitution is
clearly conferred in article 1, section 8, of that in-
strument.
This, then, is the true rule of interpretation—
that Congress can only exercise powers conferred
by express grant or such as are necessary to carry
