1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
181
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Board of Accounts—Mr. Thomas.
Ho. of Reps.
for the first thirty years after the adoption of the
Constitution—the plan of the earlier and better
days of the Republic—the plan of the authors of
the Constitution itself. What objection can be
urged to it ? It transfers this system from Con-
gress to the States, or the people. They are bet-
ter judges of the necessity ana character of such
works as mav be asked for than this central Gov-
ernment. Tiiey would invest the money which
is taken from their pockets more judiciously and
economically than Congress. Whether the works
are made by Congress or the States, in either event
the money is taken from the pockets of the people,
and being so taken from their pockets, I am for
giving them the right to determine when and
where it shall be invested. President Polk in his
.veto message, to which I have already alluded,
urges a return to this plan, and uses the following
language in relation to it:
" III view of thesq portentous consequences, I cannot j
but think that this course of legislation should be arrested, ,
even were there nothing to forbid it in the fundamental laws '
• of our Union. This conclusion is fortified by the fact that
the Constitution itself indicates a process by which harbors ,
and rivers within the States may be improved—a process I
not susceptible of the abuses necessarily to flow from the
assumption of the power to improve them by the General
Government—just in its operation and actually practiced
upon without complaint or interruption, during more than
thirty years from the organization of the present Govern-
ment.
" The Constitution provides that(no State shall, with out
the consent of Congress, lay any duty of tonnage.' With
the ' consent' of Congress such duties may be levied, col-
lected, and expended by the Sfttes. We are not left in the
dark as to the objects of this reservation of power to the
States. The subject was fully considered by the Convention
that framed the Constitution. If appears, in Mr. Madison's
report of the proceedings of that body, that one object of the
reservation was, that the States should not be restrained
from laying duties ?f tonnage for the purpose of clearing
harbor*. Other objects were named in the debates, and
among tbem the support of seamen. Mr. Madison, treating
on this subject in the Federalist, declares that' the restraint
< on the power of the States over imports and exports, is en-
* forced by all the arguments which prove the necessity of
< submitting the regulation of trade to the Federal councils.
' It is needless, therefore, to remark further on this head than
' that the manner in which the restraint is qualified, seems
' well calculated at once to secure to the States a reasona-
' ble discretion in providing for the conveniency of their im-
' ports and exports, and to the United States a reasonable
«check against the abuse of this discretion.' TbeStatesmay
lay tonnage duties for clearing harbors, improving rivers, or |
for other purposes, but are restrained from abusing the
power; because, before such duties can take effect, the
' consent' of Congress most be obtained.
" Here is a safe provision for the improvement of harbors
and rivers in the reserved powers of the States, and in the
aid they may derive from duties of tonnage levied with the
consent of Congress. Its safeguards are, that both the State
Legislatures and Congress have to concur in the act of ,
raising the funds; that they are in every instance to be
levied upon the commerce of those ports which are to profit
by the proposed improvement; that no question of conflict-
ing power or jurisdiction is involved; that the expenditure
being in the hands of those who are to pay the money, and
be immediately benefited, will be more carefully managed,
and more productive of good, than if tl# funds were drawn
from the National Treasury and disbursed by the officers of ;
the General Government; that such a system will carry
with it no enlargement of Federal power and patronage, and
leave the States to be the sole judges of their own wants
and interests, with onbyi conservative negative in Con-
gress upon any abuse oSoie power which die States may
attempt.
" Under this wise system the improvement of harbors and
rivers was commenced, or rather continued.from the organ-
ization of the Government, under the present Constitution.
Many acts were passed by the several States levying duties
of tonnage, and many were passed by Congress giving their
consent to those acts. Such acts have been passed by Mas-
■ sachusetts, Rhode Island, Pennsylvania, Maryland, Vir-
ginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, and
have been sanctioned by the consent of Congress."
There is, then, not the slightest pretence or ex-
cuse for the General Government's embarking in
a system of internal improvements.
Again, sir, I am opposed to the General Gov-
ernment's embarking in this enterprise, because of
its injustice and inequality. Tne money with
which these works are made is taken from the
pockets of the people throughout the whole Union.
The benefits derived from the works when com-
pleted are local and partial in their character.
The people of one State are taxed to build works
of improvement in another State, in which they
have not the slightest interest. Take this bill for
example. There is an appropriation in it for the
improvement of the Missouri river, and one for
the improvement of the Arkansas river. What
interest have my constituents in the improvement
of these rivers? What benefit will they* derive
from it? None—not the slightest. And yet they
are taxed in common with the balance ®f the
Union to make these improvements. It is a sys-
tem of injustice which should not be sanctioned
by the Federal Government, whose benefits and
advantages were intended to fall like the dews of
heaven, upon the heads of all. The instances I
have given are but examples. There are but few
exceptions in this or any other bill of a like char- ;
acter which are not subject to the same objections.
The objects, too, which claim appropriations' are
much more numerous in some States than they
are in others; and if you embrace every conceiva-
ble object claimed by the broadest construction, it
would still be unjust and oppressive upon some of
the States having the smallest number of objects
on which expenditures are to be made. Where,
too, permit me to ask, will the advocates of inter-
nal improvements stop ? Are light-houses, buoys,
piers, harbors, lakes, rivers, roads, and canals only
embraced in their system? If so, what size or
class of river is embraced ? The Constitution
makes no difference—draws no distinction between
a river whidh floats a steamboat and one which
floats a barge. The framers of that instrument
knew no such distinction in its formation. The
neighborhood, county, or community, through
which the small stream runs, have as strong
claims on the bounty of the Government as the
men who live on the banks of the majestic Mis-
sissippi. The citizens of my own district who
live on the waters of the Tombigbee, the Yazoo,
the Yallabusha, the Noxubee, and many others,
bave the same claims upon your liberality as those
who live upon the Arkansas or Missouri, for
whom you nave provided by this bill. They are
as firm friends of the Government in peace, as
prompt and reliable soldiers in war—contribute as
much to the support of the Government. Why
this distinction, then, against them—against the
small streams? This distinction does not exist in
the Constitution or Government, but in its perver-
sion. A mal-administration——
Mr. MORSE. I desire to ask my friend from
Mississippi a question, which will enable him to
set himself right. Do I understand him to say
that if this bill proposed to improve those rivers
in his State he would vote for any such bill ?
Mr. FEATHERSTON. No, sir.
Mr. MORSE. I did not misapprehend my
friend, because I know his principles too well.
But thinking that his language might be misap- j
prehended, I thought I would give him an oppor- j
tunity of setting himself right, knowing, as I do,
, that he is not to be bribed by inserting appropria-
' tions for rivers in his own State ar\£ more than I
would be bribed by providing for the Red river in
my own State.
Mr. FEATHERSTON. I am very much
obliged to my friend from Louisiana [Mr. Morse]
for his interruption, as my language might, per-
haps, have been misapprehended. It is true, as I
have said, that there are a number of rivers in
my own State that have as strong claims upon the
Federal Government as the Arkansas or Missouri;
but if the gentleman had reported a bill appropri-
ating $50,000,000 for every stream in my State, or
for every rivulet, if you please, I would have voted
against it. I vote against this bill because I have
a high regard for the Constitution of my country.
I vote against it because I believe this system to
be unjust, iniquitous and oppressive, and one that
■ ought to be scorned by the representatives of a
! a free people. I am not surprised that the advo-
! cates of the great American system of a high pro-
tective tariff, and extravagant expenditures, should
support this system. It is but carrying out the
! purpose they have in view, of exhausting the
i Treasury, and creating a necessity for increased
I duties. If you begin with one river, you must
| take them all in the catalogue. If you improve
one at its mouth, you have the power to improve
: it to its source. The Constitution fixes no stop-
' ping point. If you can improve a habor, you can
make one. On this point I will again quote the
admirable language of President Polk's veto mes-
. sage:
1 "If the power to improve a harbor be admitted, it is not
I' easy to perceive how the power to deepen every inlet of the
|l ocean, or the lakes, and make harbors where there are
none, can be denied. If the power to clear out or deepen
the channel of rivers, near their mouths, be admitted, it is
not easy to perceive how the power to improve them to
their fountain head, and make tliem navigable to their
sources, aan ba denied. Where shall the exercise ef the
power, if it be assumed, stop ? Has Congress the power
when an inlet is deep enough to admit a schooner, to
deepen it still more, so that it will admit ships of heavy
burden ; and has it not the power, when an inlet will admit
a boat, to make it deep enough to admit a schooner? May
it improve rivers deep enough already to float ships and
steamboats, and has it no power to improve those which are
navigable only for flat boats and barges ?"
Now, sir, when you shall have adopted this gen-
eral system, cast your eye over the map of" this vast
Confederacy, embracing thirty-one States, stretch-
ing from the Atlantic to the Pacific, from Canada to
the Gulf, embrace within this general scheme all
the objects which present themselves, and tell me, if
you can, what sum will be necessary to sustain
this gigantic scheme ? Let this Government un-
dertake it, and it will land in hopeless and inex-
| tricable bankruptcy in less than one quarter of a
century. Shall we not, then, abandon the scheme
; in season, and return to the plan of improvements
i by the States, by means of tonnage duties ? This
1 is the old, republican, safe, economical mode, which
leaves the whole subject in the hands of the peo-
ple. The other mode places it in the hands of
Congress, where, by log-rolling, combinations,
tacking, and omnibus making, the door for fraud-
ulent expenditures will be thrown open, and mil-
lions appropriated for objects not entitled to one
cent. The harbors on the Atlantic coast are as
regular now in knocking at the door of Congress
for annual appropriations as the old soldier is in
applying at the Pension Office for his pension.
The peQple would be startled at the aggregate
amount which has been expended on these Atlan-
tic harbors if it were laid before them.
I regret that I have not been able to collect the
statistics on this point, owing to the unexpected
appearance of this bill before the House.
BOARD OF ACCOUNTS.
SPEECH OF HON. J. H. THOMAS,
OF TENNESSEE,
In the Hocse of Representatives,
Fridat, February 7, 1851*
On the Bill entitled " An act to establish a Board
of Accounts."
The House having resolved itself into Committee of the
] Whole on the state of the Union, and taken up the bill en-
J titled " An act to establish a Board of Accounts"—
Mr. THOMAS said:
! Mr. Chairman: During the last session of the
j present Congress, the public mind was greatly ex-
cited with the questions that were then before it,
and Congress was called upon to heal " five bleed-
ing wounds " which were then destroying the
body politic. They were said to be healed, and I
hope they were," for there is no man upon this floor
who desires the prosperity of the country more
i than I do. The morbid feeling which then held
■ possession of the public mind in a great degree,
1 upon the question of slavery in the Territories, has
! been diverted to some extent, and has been turned
upon the Treasury, and every means is to be used
for its exhaustion. It is now bleeding from a hun-
; dred " wounds," to the amount of $50,000,000 an-
nually, and this the vital blood supplied by the
labor of the toiling millions of our citizens; and
this bill proposes to open another wound, by which
this department may be the more thoroughly de-
i pleted. Sir, from its present state, its friends need
l be under no very serious apprehensions of plethora.
J The question should be how we shall stop the
l wounds already made, rather than inflict others.
' In all cases where a legal claim exists against
i tlie United States, it is within thepower, &nd, fur-
ther, it is the duty, of the accounting officers of the
j Treasury to pay it. This is the business for
i which their offices were created, and it is not any
I difficulty upon this subject that is sought to be
I remedied by the bill and amendments now under
j consideration. But, sir, in the ever-varying events
I of life, there are occasional cases occurring which
| do not fall within the provisions of any general
| law, but which, from their individual and peculiar
merits, commend themselves to the consideration
of the law-making power, and demand relief by
special legislation. Such cases always have and
always will occur. The law, by " means of its
! generality," does not provide for them.
] Until this time this class of cases has been pre-
] sented to Congress by petition for relief, and it
