1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
185
-31st Cong....2d Sess.
River and Harbor Bill—Mr. Taylor.
Ho. or Reps.
comment in severe, though in proper terms, upon
the character of that veto of the late President.
The river and harbor bill now alluded to, was
passed by tlie*Twenty-ninth Congress. Some time
in the month of March, of the first session of the
Thirtieth Congress, President Polk returned the
bill, with his veto, to a new Congress, composed
in part of members who had no part in its enact-
ment. His reasons, which were entirely unsatis-
factory, received, as they deserved, the strongest
condemnation.
That bill contemplated appropriations for thirty-
nine different objects of internal improvement,
in which twenty-two different States participated.
It involved an appropriation of about $500,000.
Many of these appropriations were exceedingly
important to the commercial interests of the west-
ern country; but, sir, it was vetoed. The cpurse of
General Jackson was referred to by Mr. Polk in
that message, as a guide to his own course in veto-
ing that bill. It seems to me this was a strange
reference; for in looking into th -statutes, I find
that during the administration of that distin-
guished gentleman, bills were annually passed pre-
cisely similar to the one vetoed by President Polk,
and the one now before this committee. Sir, as
early as 1806, Mr. Jefferson (who is referred to as
almost supreme authority by the Democratic party)
approved a bill for commencing the construction
of the Cumberland road, under the direction of the
Government of the United States.
As early as 1815, Mr. Madison—to whom the dis-
tinguished gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Toombs]
referred as the highest authority upon this subject
—approved a bill appropriating $100,000 for the
continuation of that road. He approved it because
he regarded it as a great national work, and he
must have regarded it as clearly within the power
of Congress to make the appropriation, or he would
have sent it back to Congress with his veto. Now,
it is too late in the day, when a bill is brought in
here for making an appropriation for the improve-
ment of our Western rivers and harbors, and for
the improvement of our harbors upon the Eastern
seaboard and Gy}f of Mexico, to talk of overrul-
ing the legislation of the country for thirty years,
and reversing the opinions and actions of the emi-
nent statesmen cited in this debate, and by that
means to defeat this bill, by saying that it is uncon-
atitutional—that the system ought to be aban-
doned. Now, I admit, if there is any gentleman
on this floor Whose powers of argument could con-
vince me that it was wrong not to abandon this
system, there is not one better qualified than the
fentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] who ad-
ressed the committee this morning. 1 admit his
preeminent ability, his power to present even a bad
cause in a brilliant and plausible light; but, sir/he
has failed to convince me that this Government has
not the power to carry on internal improvements
of-a national character—and, while I would not
uselessly squander money or make extravagant
appropriations for this purpose, I would establish
a wholesome, numerate system of annual appro-
priations for these great objects; thereby providing
for the safety of the commerce of the country and
a protection for the lives of our citizens, and- the
vast internal commerce of the country, by deepen-
ing the channels and removing obstructions in the
beds of our great Western rivers, and improving
and rendering safe and commodious the harbors of
our great lakes, which are so essential to the
prosperity and safety of our commerce, and to
all the great interests of the whole country. Such
provisions are not local in their character. They
are for the national benefit; eight or ten States par-
ticipate in any appropriation you make for the im-
Frovement of the Mississippi and its tributaries!
was surprised to hear the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi [Mr. Featherston] assert this morning,
that this bill contained no appropriation for the
benefit of his State; when the Mississippi river
bounds the whole length of the western border of
that State; and particularly so soon after the horri-
ble accident which has lately occurred on that river,
just above Vicksburg. I allude to the destruction
of the steamer John Adams, in which one hundred
and thirty lives and a valuable cargo were lost, iri
consequence of one of those snags which ought to
have been removed by the General Government,
by appropriations such as this bill contemplates.
Now, we are asked where will the money come
from which we propose to appropriate for these pur-
poses? How are we to make them without redu-
cing the Government to bankruptcy ? I will tell
you, sir; we may make them by withholding mo-
ney for purposes which are of no service to us. I,
for one, will unite with the gentlemen of this com-
mittee in withholding every dollar from our fortifi-
cations for the ensuing year, if necessary, for I be-
lieve most of them are entirely useless to the Gov-
ernment. The progress in steam navigation has
entirely superseded the necessity for most of them. '
Those immense structures which have cost this
Government millions upon millions are now of
little use to us, and the #700,000 or $800,000
which we annually expend for their repair and im-
provement is so much money thrown away, or
at least might be more profitably expended by in-
creasing onr commerce and protecting the lives and
property of the people—by means of improvement
in our rivers and harbors. But I would make re- |
forms in other respects. Instead of appropriating |
eight or ten millions annually for the support of
our navy, we might spend a part of the money
more profitably in carrying on these works of inter-
nal improvemnt. I would cut down ourjiavy appro-
priation from ten to five millions at once. I would
do it the present session. There is also another
expenditure which might be well curtailed. I
allude to the large annual appropriation for a large
number of officers of the Navy who have been
unemployed for ten or fifteen years, and yet who
are still in the service of the Government and re-
ceivetheirfullpayfromtheGovernment. Itisafact
well known to gentlemen upon this floor, that ever
since the organization of the Government this has
been one of the most expensive branches connected
with it. Now I admit the patriotism and gallantry
of those officers in time of war, and their devotion to
their country in time of peace. Their services will
be held in perpetual and grateful remembrance by
our whole people. But I submit it to you, sir,
whether it is justice to the people of this country
to uphold so expensive a system, in time of peace,
while at the same time we are withholding our
consent to appropriations for internal improve-
ments which the interests of the country imperi-
tively demand ? I have seen it stated in many of
the best conducted newspapers of the day, that the
enormous amount of 480,000,000 has been paid to
uphold our naval establishment since its organi-
zation, whilst $60,000,000 of that amount has been
paid when no actual service was performed. This
is an enormous extravagance; and if it be so,
should command our immediate attention, and
prompt reform. Whilst we have^uxty-eight naval
captains, I do not believe there are more than ten
or fifteen who are in actual service, and they are
all receiving from this Government, annually,
from $2,500 to $3,500. Not one of these officers,
of the rank of captain, is furnished by Ohio; nor
does she participate but in a very small proportion
in the other high offices, or in the vast amount of
patronage and expenditure for this branch of the
public service. We are upholding a Navy from
the funds of the Treasury of the United States, at
an expense of from $8,000,000 to $10,000,000 a
year. We certainly ought to make some reform
m this branch of the public service. I would get
rid of some of these supernumerary officers of all
grades. I would do it in an honorable way; per-
haps by honorably discharging some of them with
reasonably diminished pay, if you choose, unless
they have received ten or fifteen years compensa-
tion, during which time they have performed no
service; in which case I would give them leave to
retire with honor. But, sir, I would go still further
in this work of reform. I would refrain from
building expensive ships, such as the Pennsylva-
nia, costing $800,000; and which are never used,
but which Tie and rot in your navy-yards, upon
which to hold courts-martial, or merely as receiv-
ing ships, but of no use as vessels of war. The
money had much better be given for the protection
of commerce on our western waters, than by
making such enormous appropriations for our
Navy in time of peace. If this is done, we shall
not be obliged to withhold these appropriations
for internal improvements, on the score of want
of money. I would withhold every dollar of
the enormous appropriations which are made to
maintain many of our useless fortifications. I
would also maKe a great reduction in the general
expenses of our Army and Navy. I hold that we
ought to make liberal and reasonable appropria-
tions to the rivers and harbors of the country
where the commerce of the country demands it;,
and I woilld obtain the means,if necessary,in the
way I have indicated.
Mr, Chairman, there are several other topics
connected with this system of internal improve-
ments, on some of which I should like to remark
in the course of this debate; but as there are sub-
jects which are not connected with this bill on
which I desire to spea'k, and as this is probably
the only opportunity I may have to refer to them,
I must leave this subject, after expressing my will-
ingness, when, in accordance with the rules of this
committee, we shall be allowed to make five min-
utes explanations on amendments to the particular
sections of this bill, to pass as rapidly as possible
over them; and, for one, I shall be prepared to
vote on every section either for or against it.
I would not trespass on the time of this commit-
tee by referring to subjects which are not con-
nected with thi  bill, if I did not fear that no other
opportunity might occur. I hope, therefor^ the
committee will bear with me; for I believe, I may
say, that I have not occupied any of the time of the
House unnecessarily since the commencement of
this session. I wish to recur to one or two other
topics which are contained in the annual message
of the President; and I will say again, that there
has thus far been no opportunity of speaking upon
these subjects, because that message was referred
to the .various committees of the House at an early
period of the session, by common consent, without
debate, which rendered it impossible at that time
I for me to speak upon them.
I I agree with the President of the United States
in what he says in relation to q modification of the
| present tariff. I think the revenues of the coun-
, try demand it. I think the manufacturing inter-
ests of the country demand that we should subsii-
j tute specific for ad valorem duties, and that we
! should have a home valuation; and I am ready at
all times, whenever a reasonable plan shall be pre-
sented to modify the existing tariff of the United
| States, so as to produce a revenue sufficient to meet
1 the demands of the Government, and which shall
aid indirectly in sustaining the manufacturing and
agricultural interests of the country; which shall
protect, to some extent, the interests of the iron,
woolen, cotton, and other manufactures; I say
that, whenever such a plan shall be presented, it
shall have my hearty concurrence.
I am aware, sir, that the arguments of the gen-
tleman from North Carolina [Mr. Clingman] have
their weight, but I cannot agree with him in many
of the views presented by him this morning.
I was a little'surprised at the assertions of the
gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Featherston,]
that, the southern States pay two thirds of the
taxes for the support of this Government. Sir, I
should like to see that demonstrated. I hope an
occasion will occur in which that gentleman, or
, some other who maintains the same opinions, may
have the opportunity of presenting to this House
some facts in relation to this matter, so that the
country may judge understanding^ how it is that
the southern States, in his opinion, pay two
thirds of the taxes of this country. I will con-
fess that for tilt life of me, I have never been able
. to discover that such was the fact, although I have
listened attentively to all the arguments upon that
subject which have been presented by gentlemen
upon this floor. I believe the people in the differ-
ent sections of the country bear equally the bur-
dens of the Government, which come in the form
of an indirect taxation, by means of a tariff. These
duties are paid by the consumer, either to the ori-
ginal importer or to the merchant who sells to him.
Sir, the State which I have the honor in part to
represent, and which contains nearly one tenth of
the whole population of the country, in my hum-
ble judgment, pays as large an amount for the
support of the General Government, as the same
, number of people in any other section of the
country; while it receives as little, in, the shape ol 
direct appropriations, as any other section having
the same amount of population. It is for this
reason that we ask your favorable consideration in
relation to the bill now before this committee, which
contains a small and very reasonable amount, to
ij be appropriated to the improvement of our western
