1661.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL* GLOBE.
181
31st Cong 2d Sess.
River and Harbor Bill—Mr. Taylor.
Ho. of Reps.
that committee reported in favor of its passage.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Thomp-
son,] who was at head of that committee, explained
its details, and recommended it to us as decidedly
better to carry out the provisions of the Constitu-
tion of the United States in regard to fugitives from
labor, than the law of 1793. I confess that some of
the details of the bill did not meet with my approval,
and that the bill was carelessly and badly drawn in
that respect. Yet I could not vote in opposition to
the whole bill—Jhr it embodied a most important con-
stitutional principle—and endanger the peace of
the country, when some of the details might not
meet my views exactly: for the Constitution re-
quires that fugitives from labor " shall be deliv-
ered up." Although, in my judgment, some of
the details of the bill were unnecessarily harsh,
yet I could not take upon myself the responsibility
of saying that the bill should not pass, and unite
my vote with many of the ultra men in Congress,
North and South, who ardently desired that the
bil' should be rejected. You heard upon this floor,
a few days ago, the distinguished gentleman who
represents the Charleston district {Mr. Holmes]
express his regret that the bill had passed. You
heard, also, my colleague [Mr. GisDitfes] express
his ngret that it did pass. You beard in the early
part of this session his violent assaults upon the
President of the United States, for approving that
law, though it passed this House by a vote of
109 yeas to 76 nays.
You hear of men in the southern States, also,
who are indignant because California is admitted
as a State of this Union. It is true, we witness
tJfese violent efforts at the ejctremes of the Union;
yet we are assured that the great body of the peo-
ple approve of the wise and judicious policy
pursued by the President and his Cabinet in their
determination to uphold this measure, as well as
all the others m the series of measures before al-
luded to. Mr. Webster, whose eminent ability is
so well'known, and who is distinguished for his
extraordinary talents, his patriotism, his long-
continued an (preeminent public services, has re-
cently given Bra opinions of this matter in a letter
to a committee of gentlemen in "Westchester coun-
ty, New York, in which he states, that,the Presi-
dent, in what he has said in regard to these meas-
ures, expresses the opinion of his whole Cabinet
—Webster, Grittenden, Graham, Conrad, Stuart,
Hall, and our own Corwin, than whom there is
not a purer and better man in public life, in my
opinion, in the country. Mr. Webster, in the let-
ter I have already referred to, speaks the truth, I
believe, and I am confident that the people will
sustain the Secretary of State for upholding the
fugitive slave law, and the President of the united
States for recommending that this law be observed
until " time and experience shall demonstrate the
necessity of further legislation to guard against
evasion or abuse."
Mr. GIDDINGS, (interrupting.) Will my col-
league permit riie to propound a question to him ?
I wish to know of him whether he speaks by au-
thority when he says that Mr. Corwin coincided
in the President's recommendation of the fugitive
slave law ?
Mr. TAYLOR. I will answer the gentleman
with pleasure. Mr. Webster, in his letter to the
meeting in Westchester county, uses these words: i
" The President's message, at the opening of the present [
session of Congress, expresses fully and plainly his own and j
the unanimous opinion of all those associated with him in 1
the executive administration of the Government, in regard
to what arc called the adjustment or compromise measures
of last session. That opinion is, that those measures should
be regarded in principle as a final settlement of the danger-
ous and exciting subjects which they embrace; that though 1
they were not free from imperfections, yet, in their mutual :
dependence and connection, they formed a system of com- 1
promise the most conciliatory and best for the entire coun- 1
try that could be obtained from conflicting sectional interest
and opinions, and that, therelbre, they should be adhered
to, until time and experience should demonstrate the neces-
sity of further legislation to guard against evasion or abuse. I
That opinion, so far as I know, remains entirely unchanged,
and will be acted upon steadily and decisively. The peace
of the country requires this; the security of the Consti-
tution requires this; and every consideration of the public
good demands this. If the Administration cannot stand
upon the principles of the message, it does not expect to !
stand at all." !
Mr. GIDDINGS, (again interposing.) I desire
to know of my colleague if he has any other au- ]
thorhy for asserting that Mr. Corwin was in favor t'
of the fugitive slave law, than what is contained
in the letter referred to?
Mr. TAY%pR. None at all. I have no au-
thority from any member of the Cabinet per-
sonally. I prefer to judge of the views of public
men by their acts. Looking at the message of
the President of the United States, and this recent
letter from one of the chief men in the Cabinet, as
eminent a statesman as the world has ever seen,
from the admissions of men of all parties in this
country, whether Whigs or Democrats, I have
drawn the conclusions I have, for making the
statements I have made. When such men, and
such an Administration take this ground, it seems
to me that the country should sustain them in the
due observance of the laws. And we have evi-
dence all over the country of the determination
of the people to sustain them in their patriotic
eourse. We have a striking evidence of such ap-
proval of their course in the published proceedings
of the meetings recently held in various parts of the
United States, and in the generally conservative
and approving tone of the press of the country.
Mr. GIDDINGS, (interposing.) Will my col-
league permit me to interrupt him one moment?
I wish to say, that a gentleman upon my left as-
sures me that Mr. Corwin said distinctly that his
successor, Mr. Swing, voted upon the passage of
the fugitive slave law precisely as he would have
voted had he retained his seat in the Senate I am
assured by another gentleman upon my right, that
Mr. Corwin would not have voted for and was not
in favor of that law.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, I must be
allowed to interrupt this controversy between my
colleagues as to the position of the distinguished
member of the Cabinet from my own State. I
feel authorized to say that my colleague on my
right [Mr. Giddings] is endeavoring to make a
false and an unfair issue in regard to the opinions
of Mr. Corwin. The question is not, how that
gentleman would have voted upon the passage of
the fugitive slave bill, had he been then a Senator
or Representative, participating in the legislation
of Congress. 1 have no doubt that he would have
recorded his name against the bill; that he would
have given the same votes, as is' said, which Mr.
Ewing gave. But, sir, I now know that he be-
lieves that the recommnndation of the President to
adhere to the measures of adjustment until time
and experience should demonstrate the necessity
of further legislation, was, under all the circum-
stances, a wise and wholesome recommendation.
And I am sure that he has neither occasion nor
any desire to shrink from sharing the responsibility
of that recommendation with the rest of the Ad-
ministration. ,
Mr. TAYLOR. I am glad to hear this state-
ment from my colleague, who has just taken his
seat, because, on account of the intimate personal
relations existing between Mr. Corwin and him-
self, the assurance he gives us may be relied upon.
I have had no conversation with any member of
the Cabinet upon this subject, and of course I am
not authorized to speak of their views further than
is to be derived from their published language.
I wish, Mr. Chairman, to say that I voted for
the fugitive slave bill in connection with those
great measures which gave peace to the country.
They were not settled exactly as I wish they could
have been settled; for be it remembered, 1 did not
vote for the establishment of a government in
Utah. I desired some modification of the law ad-
mitting California. I might lmve desired some
other line for the establishment of a boundary for
Texas. But, sir, in a legislature like this, com-
posed as it is of two hundred and thirty member,
in this hall, and sixty-odd in the other branchs
no man can get a measure, or series of measures,
passed exactly in accordance with his own views.
And if you cannot get exactly what you desire,
the only course remaining is to get the best you
can, and endeavor to take such action as will pro-
mote the interests of the whole country, and not
those of any particular section.
I declare that I believe I express the sentiments
of the great majority of the people of Ohio, in the
position I have taken with regard to the Compro-
mise measures, and that upon this subject they
approve the President's recommendation. But I
have never lost sight of the fact, that, although I
am one of the Representatives of Ohio—of the
great state of which I am proud to be a citizen—
still I represent in part the whole people—the in-
habitants of Texas, Florida, Michigan, Delaware,
New York* and every other State of our glorious
Union. I stand ready to forward their interests
as well as those of my own State, in legislating in
regard to the great questions of internal policy,
i and so with regard to all questions for the estab-
lishment of new States. I voted for the admission
of California, because the people desired it to be
a free State, and because my opinions concurred
with theirs. I voted for the establishment of the
boundary of Texas, as introduced by the very
eminent Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Pearce,]
■ as the Senate had fixed it, after six months' dis-
cussion, and after the most eminent men in the
country had exhausted all their efforts for the set-
tlement of this question, without which the whole
of the compromise measures could not have been
passed. I voted for the passage of all those meas-
ures, except for the bill relating to Utah. Sir,
some of the leading gentlemen who took part in
the discussion of those measures, and voted
i against the fugitive slave bill, failed to vote to
abolish the slave trade in the District of Colam-
i bia—a measure which had my vote in its favor—
because they were then candidates for reelection
to Congress, and deemed it best to go home before
Congress adjourned. My colleague [Mr. Gid-
dings] was one of those who failed to vote to
abolish it.
I am opposed, Mr. Chairman, to the feeling of
ultaaism now manifested, whether exhibited at the
North or South.
I am opposed to any State withdrawing from
the Union. I do not believe that any State has
the right to secede from the Union. I am de-
cidedly opposed to ultraism everywhere—to that
abolitionism which has been the death-blow to
harmony in the New England States—which
invites over to otir borders thfc abolition member
of the British Parliament to cooperate with Garri-
son & Co., in their infttricd schemes, and who,
Englishmen have told me in this country, ought
to be tarred and feathered, as he is a disorganizer
at home. I allude to George Thompson.
I will take this opportunity to speak of a few
factSj in connection with these factious movements
in this country. How beautifully this faction has
j dwindled down in these days. The first recollec-
I tion I have of these disorganizers is, that they
I were called Abolitionists. The next we heard of
them was, that they assumed the name of Liberty
party men.. Afterwards, they changed their name
' to that of Free Democracy. That would not an-
swer to cheat the people, and they assumed the
name of Barnburners—much their most appropri-
tae appellation. Again, when the Wilmot proviso
came up, excluding slavery in the new territories,
they discarded their new name of 'Barnburners,.
because it was odious, and assumed the name of
Free Soilers—and the old watchwords of Liberty
men, Abolitionists, Free Democracy, and Barn-
burners, were all abandoned, and we heard nothing
in all their efforts at agitation, but Free Soil. But
the Free Soilers received only fourteen or fifteen
thousand votes, in Ohio, out of about three hun-
dred thousand in that State. The agitation which
they have succeeded in keeping up has worked a
great injury, as recent events show. Against this
kind of agitation I set my face, as I do against
that developed in South Carolina, which seeks a
separation of that JJtate from the Union, and a
withdrawal from this glorious confederacy of ours,
which has been the means of diffusing prosperity
and innumerable blessings through the whole ex-
tent of the country—that State included.
Sir, I find in one section of the country the Con-
stitution of theUnited States denounced asa "com-
Fict with hell" by the Abolitionists. In the South
hear terms applied to the same instrument no less
offensive and opprobrious, to those who truly love
the Union. All of these ultraisms are directly at
war with the true interests of the country, and I
shall continue to denounce them as long as I have
the honor of a seat upon this floor, and at the same
time shall unite my efforts with those of every good
man North and South, of every party, who stands
by the Constitution of his country in resisting
every attempt to destroy this gloriotis Union. In
my humble judgment, every effort towards breaking
down this Union, and destroying the Government
