138
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 7,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Board of Accounts—Mr. Ewing.
Senate.
of the United States, will pass as idle wind before
that threat thundering voice which would come up
from the whole people in favor of preserving it in-
violate. No efforts of ultraists at the North or
South can effect any such object. I have no fears
for the dissolution of this Union; but I fear this
eternal excitement and agitation may lead to an
estrangement of one section of the country from
another, but not to the dissolution of this Union.
1 .have no fears of any such result as long as the
people remain intrenched behind the Constitution,
for they will be stronger than all factions com-
bined; and as long as they remain wise, intelli-
gent, patriotic, and a law-abiding people, they will
thrust, with scorn and contempt, from our national
councils every man who would destroy the Con-
stitution of his country. I have no fears but that
the great body of the American people will stand
by the glorious Union bequeathed to them by their
revolutionary fathers. They will maintain "with
their lives, fortnne, and sacred honor," the Consti-
tution which Washington and his compatriots
gave us as the result of our great Revolution.
In relation to the great question which seems to
occupy so much of the public attention just now—
I mean the President-making for 1852—I have but
a word to say. There is an extraordinary and
unprecedented number of candidates already talked
of by their respective friends. I do not care
whether there are three, four, five, or forty. I
think the more aspirants the better; for it is an
old maxim, that " it is an aid to genius to have
great objects in view." But in due time—say a tout
August, 1852—the people in convention will desig-
nate their own candidates; and, in the mean time,
I trust we may progress, without reference to the
ensuing presidential canvass, in the necessary le-
gislation by Congress, and promote, by all laudable
means, the prosperity and interests of the people.
BOARD OF ACCOUNTS.
SPEECH OF HON. A. EWING,
of tennessee, j
In the House or Representatives, |
Friday, February 7, 1851,
On the bill to provide for a Board of Acc6unts.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and having under consideration the bill to
provide for the appointment of a Board of Accounts—
Mr. EWING said:
Mr. Chairman: Differing with many of my
colleagues on the merits of this bill, and profound-
ly impressed with its importance to the interests
of the people, it may not be improper to give ex-
pression to views on this subject which have con-
trolled my judgment. The bill of the Senate em-
braces the three following distinct propositions or
. objects, all of which are to be attained through the
medium of a Board of Commissioners, to be loca-
ted at Washington, and forming a quasi judicial
tribunal: First, a machinery for procuring evi-
dence on both sides, and giving us an opinion on
the merits of all claims urged before Congress.
Second, the final decision on appeal or reference
from the heads of the Departments, of the law or
equity of any claim presented to them for adjudi-
cation and payment. Third, the revisal of the
accounts of the' different bureaus, with recom-
mendations to the Executive and Congress quar-
terly or monthly, as to the changes in system or
officers necessary to increase^ie efficiency of their
action.
There can be no question of the desirability of
these several objects, or of the infinite injustice
and interminable delays to which the citizens of
this country are now subjected in their appeals to
the judgment of their Government. It is well
known that there are nine or ten thousand me-
morials, now urfred upon the consideration of Con-
gress, all claiming to be just and meritorious,
which have struggled on here for years, and many
of which have never even had the benefit of a
hearing. Indeed, those which are most meritori-
ous are frequently delayed the longest, for their
beneficiaries are simple enough to believe in our
justice and performance of our duties, and there-
fore employ no extraneous means for their recov- I
ery- Worse than all this, the integrity of Con-
gress is in danger of being seriously corrupted by
the lottery system under which we are now act-
' ing. Persons who are the owners of heavy claims,
j and in danger of being ruined by neglect, think it
no wrong to offer some substantial inducement to
the arbiters of their fate, in order to expedite, if
not alter the character of their decision. I am
most happy in believing that success in such un-
dertakings has hitherto been very rare, and the
purity of our tribunal not seriously shaken. But
who can say how long the temptation will be re-
sisted in our advance from primitive simplicity
towards luxury and refinement ? What statesman
would subject a numerous legislative body, badly
paid, and many of them very poor, to more se-
ductive influences than were actually necessary?
There are other evils attending our present system
more obvious, although not so dangerous as those
already enumerated. We rarely, or seldom, hear
the evidence on but one side of a case. The claim-
ant introduces his testimony before the commit-
tee, and there the case is rested, unless he has
previously presented it before the Department,
and some feeble lights are afforded by a compari-
son of former with present allegations. It might
well be supposed, under such circumstances, that
almost every application would be allowed, and
innumerable frauds perpetrated. Such, however,
has not proved to be the working of the system
as to their allowance, although fraudulent claims
are frequently passed. The suspicion and acute-
ness of members of committees are so much
aroused by the apparently defenceless condition
of the Treasury, and such odium or ridicule in
the House is frequently thrown on the omissions
or inconsistent statements of petitioners, as almost
to render every such investigation a trap for the
| incautious or unwary. Furthermore,the vis inertia;
i of so unweildy a body as- the House of Repre-
sentatives, often induces them to reject a claim
merely to avoid the labor of an examination.
Caprice too often carries through the House a new
and doubtful claim, simply because it is urged by
some lovely woman, or advocated by some favor-
ite orator, thus pledging the country to a principle
which we are afterwards found to abandon or
carry through at a ruinous sacrifice.
Such, Mr. Chairman, are some of the evils with
which the adjudication of petitions is environed in
Congress. If we turn now to the Executive branch
of the Government, we find equal if not similar diffi-
culties presented in their adjustment before the De-
partments. The duties of the executive officers are
twofold—administrative and judicial. These have
been blended in the same persons from the origin of
our Government, although contrary to the genius of
our institutions and the division of powers in our
Constitution. From the impossibilty of suing the
United States the opinions of the Executive, how-
ever crude or unsatisfactory in regard to the legal
rights of all our citizens, is necessarily final. It
is true he may, and generally does, have the advice
and assistance of the Attorney General. But with
all due respect for the opinions of the distinguished
men who have in times past filled this office, it
will hardly be pretended that the casual and desul-
tory views which they present have or ever can
embody any regular homogeneous system. There
is no doubt that every executive officer must al-
ways give a construction to the laws under which
heis acting; but there is never any danger in such
a principle, when there is a tribunal in its nature
judicial, where his conduct may be revised. It is
often thus impossible to carry out a general prin-
ciple in all its details; and then the object should
be, as it is here, to preserve it by checks and bal-
ances. The theoretical disadvantage is not, how-
ever, the only one resulting from this union of
powers. It may and does very frequently happen
that persons of fine administrative abilities have
little or no judicial qualifications, and as it is im-
possible to have the opinion of the law officer in
most of the cases without an undue occupation
of his time, causes are frequently adjudged with
but little reference to their legal merits. The want
of uniformity, however, indecision, and the written
embodiment of a series of well-considered opinions
on the construction of laws, is the chief disability
under which we are at present laboring; and no
harmony can ever be introduced until this is
obviated. The scattered and fugitive opinions of
a series of Attorneys General, form but feeble
lamp to guide the erring footsteps of executive
officers. Precedents and authority, when derived
from intelligent and proper sources, are always
the greatest safeguards from abuse. Ita lex scripla
est is, in general, a full, if not satisfactory ground
for determination to any of the Anglo-Saxon race.
This feeling is with them traditionary and reveren-
tial. They are never satisfied with any decision
which is not according to the books; but when it
has been authoritatively adjudicated they usually
bow in submission, and if particularly aggrieved,
appeal to their legislative remedy.
The supervision of the accounts of the different
bureaus is an advantage worthy of particular at-
tention under the operation of our form of Govern-
ment. It has unfortunately become the practice
of both political parties to remove officers from the
most valuable and important posts at Washington,
on every change of the Administration. Fur-
thermore, laws are frequently passed by Congress
without pfoviding the proper force to carry them
into effect, and thus some branch of the Depart-
ments becomes clogged and almost hopelessly em-
1 barrassed before the proper means can be adoptpd
for relieving the pressure and disentangling the
machinery. If some proper authority could be
charged with the duty of quarterly examinations
of the accounts of the different bureaus and rec-
ommendations to the Executive and to Congress,
we might readily ascertain the condition of affairs
—what officers were performing their duties faith-
fully, and what legislative aid ought to be ren-
dered to those who were overtasked. Such a
j Board of Accounts perform these services in most
[ of the Governments in Europe, and have been
very successful in obviating evils long deemed
j hopeless. Napoleon ^created, perhaps, the first
j one, in France, and if is shown by the following
extract from a late speeeh of the distinguished
1! Senator from Virginia [Mr. Hunter] how effi-
ciently it has operated. He says:
" A similar institution is to be found in France, whose
financial machinery (I do not say financial system) is per-
I haps the best in the world. It is so striking as to have at-
' tracted the attention and invited, to some extent, tlieimita-
ji tion of her insular neighbors. A report on this subject, made
to the Lords Commissioners of the British Treasury by John
Bowring, in 1831, will be found to be a^fccument wortliv
j the study of all who take an interest in such subjects. H e
' says that M. Lafitte assured him 'that the system was
scarcely susceptible of amelioration.' Such, too, was his
own opinion; and as a proof of its correctness, he cited the
; striking fact, ' that in the accounts of 1828, examined and
' reported on by the Court of Accounts, and amounting
I ' altogether to four hundred millions sterling, the annual
' transactions of all the departments united, and compre-
' hending every fact of transfer, debit, and credit, the only er-
' ror detected did not exceed £1 13s., or 41f. 35c. The ac-
' counts of 1859, which have been audited since my former
' report was presented, show an error of amount of only 22f.
,, 185c., or about eighteen shillings sterling.1"
j Again, in the same speech, Mr. Hunter says:
I " Count Mollier, who contributed so largely to the con*
struction of the financial machinery of France, has shown
a high appreciation of the value ot' this institution. In his
letter to Dr. Bowring, he dwells on tile benefits derived
from this institution ; and, after enumerating its functions,
1 he says: ' Each year then developed the beneficial agency
' ' of the Court of Accounts, in the recognition and discussion
'of facts submitted to the investigation of the Chambers;
' and the administration was progressively secured by the
■ 'assistance of an independent and enlightened system of
'corroboration. The court lent its aid to the rapid'and ne-
' cessarily imperfect investigations of the Legislature, by
'its scrupulous and profound researches; and thus was
' realized that judicial control over the finances of the State
' which had not existed under the ancicnt monarchy,'" &c.
| Again he says in the same letter:
" Finally, the court is become the indispensable support
of the superintendence of the Chambers and of the Govern-
ment, since it verities the outline of the services; reports
upon the financial situation of the State ; gives public attes-
tation to the results of the ministerial accounts ; explains
their different parts; presents the proof of each operation
performed ; and assists the investigation and judgment of
the three branches of power by its observations and re-
searches."
These are some of the advantages, Mr. Chair-
maf' which have been realized in other lands from
a similar institution to the one now proposed. It
would be many years, perhaps, before our ma-
chinery could be brought to such a state of perfec-
tion, and its working would require frequent ad-
justment. But if the science of government is
progressive, and we mean to improve as we ad-
vance in age, the necessity for a commencement is
i forcing itself upon us; and every moment lost is
only giving time for the growth of evils which
will become more and more difficult of eradication.
Having stated the features of this bill, and enu-
merated the evils to be surmounted by its passage,
I shall now endeavor to answer some of the
