1851.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
189
31st Cong 2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Crowell.
Ho. of Kf.ps.
objections which have been urged, and examine
the substitute proposed by Mr. Daniel, of North
Carolina. We are told that there is great dan-
ger of centralization in our Government, and the
accumulation of powers and patronage in the
hands of the Executive. This is a character of
e^^eption, to which all true Republicans are very-
sensitive, and if well taken is conclusive against
the measure. The true general position which
we now occupy ought, however, never to be mis- j
understood. Our territory has greatly increased, j
and our population is rapidly growing; necessa- [
rily, the duties devolved on the Administration
must be greater, and its facilities for action must ;
be enlarged, or we shall be perfectly embayed.
We are precisely in tile condition of the master
of iLlarge sailing vessel, who is compelled to pro-
ceed on a long voyage in disastrous weather: he
is called on to decide from hour to hour what
amount of canvas his vessel requires; he must
accomplish the great purposes of his expedition,
and yet stand by ready to "furl or cut," if he
finds his ship moving ahead too rapidly. " The
price of liberty is eternal vigilance; but this vigi-
lance must be exercised in supervision, and not m
blind opposition to all amendments or experiments.
The true doctrine, in my opinion, is, never to
create a bureau or enlarge patronage for the pur-
pose of giving information, encouraging any par-
ticular art, trade, or profession, and a hundred
analogous measures. These may be very useful,
but the dangers from such an extension would ;
overrun the benefits; but wherever certain duties '
or obligations are imposed on the Government by
the Constitution, and it is a-mere question of ex-
pediency as to the kind of njachinery proper to be
employed in their discharge, it is always expedient
to create any office favorable to an efficient organ-
ization of the Administration.
It is confidently asserted that the Board of Com-
missioners will be eminently liable to corruption,
and the smallness of their number would render
this much easier and more dangerous than at pres-
ent. There are some curious results wrought out
by time and experience, which could not be cer-
tainly predicted by the profoundest thinkers, and j
one of these is the almost universal purity of judi-
ciary tribunals in all free countries. It might be
a curious matter of speculation to inquire how far j
an investigation into the sources of justice, the j
elevation of the position, the isolation of the indi- |
viduals, and the importance of the service per-
formed, may contribute to such a fortunate result;
but the fact is more important than the reasons.
Upon what premises, then, are predicated the idea
that this new tribunal, to be selected by the Presi-
dent from the whole Union, will differ from all
others hitherto in existence ? It would be unphi-
losophical to affirm that such a commission would !
necessarily be kept pure or unsuspected. In view j
of the immense moneyed interests submitted to j
its investigation and adjudication, there may be |
some danger; yet it must be remembered that-
they will not finally decide on the payment of |
claims presented before Congress; and their pro- !
ceedings will be peculiarly open to investigation—
the eye of the country will be always upon them.
Any further guard which time may demonstrate
as necessary will no doubt be cheerfully thrown
around it by the legislation of Congress.
Many persons doubt very seriously whether
any material relief to our labors will be afforded
by the creation of this Board, and whether it will
much expedite our decisions. They say that the
difficulty now is, not in the preparation of cases
by the committees, but in procuring the final ac-
tion of Congress after the cases are reported; and
as it is only proposed that these Commissioners
shall report to Congress for its decision, the real-
difficulty is left untouched. I
This reasoning would be correct, if we are to sup- |
pose that the tribunal created will not have a reason- !
able share of our confidence, and induce a general \
acquiescence in its conclusions. Even then, how- t
ever, we should have the evidence all before us,;
and not be paralyzed by the timidity and suspicion-1
which so often make us hesitate. But the as-
sumption made is a begging of the whole question.
If proper officers are appointed, men of excellent
character and business habits, their recommenda-
tion will have overpowering weight with Con-
gress; and unless in cases involving large amounts,
or peculiar in their principle,those allowed would,
after a preliminary examination by a committee,
be embraced in some general appropriation bill,
and passed, perhaps, in a few hours. Those re-
jected by the Board must possess peculiar merit ;
indeed if they should ever consume much of our
time after they were thus disallowed. The very
necessity of passing through such an ordeal would,
in my opinion, relieve us from even the ojf'er ot'
many unjust claims which now are cast on the
great stream to take their chances in the lottery
of our decision. It is certain that many old ap-
plications which, often buried, still stalk abroad,
like Banquo's ghost, around the scene of their
slaughter, would be finally interred by a Marching
inquisition of their demerits, and we should be
thus relieved from much rubbish which now clogs i
our action, and prevents inquiry into matters |
more worthy of reflection. i
The proposed increase of expenditure is an-.
other difficulty in the pathway of many who might
otherwise be disposed to regard this measure with
favor. This increase is direct, and therefore very
obvious; but if it shall achieve the ends proposed,
it will certainly relieve the country, in a pecuniary
point of view, more than any other machinery
ever adopted. Leaving out of view entirely the ,
vast sums wasted by the people in their present |
painful and dilatory attendance upon Congress |
whilst prosecuting their petitions, and the sums
annually lost by the Departments for want of some ^
guide and uniformity in theirdeterminations—if we
reduce it to a question of direct gain or loss, the
advantage is immensely in favor of the new sys-
tem. The two sessions of a Congress occupy •
usually about eleven or twelve out of the twenty-
four months, and they cost nearly $2,000,000.
One fourth of this period is occupied in the inves-
tigation and decision upon private claims; so that
they cause the expenditure of $500,000, and yet
seven tenths of them remain unheard and unset-
tled. The great probability is, that as we advance
in wealth and population, this expenditure will!
keep pace with our progress, and become more
and more enormous. Now, the most extravagant i
conception of the appropriation for a Board of
Accounts would not reach to the twentieth part of i
this expense, and in addition we shall give greater
satisfaction to the people, which is always an im-
portant consideration to a Legislature.
With this cursory review of the objections offered
to this bill, I shall proceed to examine the substi-
tute which has been offered by the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Daniel,] and which has
! found some favor in the House. It proposes to
permit the United States to be sued in her own [
courts, by her citizens, and the record of the
, judgment to be certified to the Treasury Depart-
j ment, to be paid on this evidence; or,I believe, he '
! proposep to amend by having it first submitted to
Congress, and its previous approval required be- I
: fore the final liquidation. It is worthy of remark, j
I that thi^ substitute, objectionable as it is in many
other respects, only provides for the investigation 1
, of those claims which are legally or equitably due;
leaving those which are directed to the conscience
or good faith of the Legislature wholly unprovided
for, and entirely omitting that feature of the ori-
ginal bill which provides for the supervision and
care over the affairs and accounts of the Depart-
I ments. Thus, if his bill were perfect over the ju-
| risdiction embraced, it would afford but a small
modicum of relief for the evils complained of, and
! give but an installment of the debt of justice which
we owe to the country.
In the small sphere of its action, however, this ;
measure is unsatisfactory and dangerous to the
i Treasury. There are some few general rules
which, m course of time, have been established
; and are well understood by the officials at Wash-
ington. Frequent practicenas given them acquaint-
ance with the laws regulating these subjects,* and
skill in the detection of errors and misstatements.
If we open the flood-gates, and let in all the crude
decisions of district judges and juries, scattered
all over our land, who are not familiar with these
subjects, and from the infrequency of the causes,
in most of the districts, can never acquire any
great experience in the subject, then, indeed, we
shall have broken down the barriers of the Treas-
ury. Unfortunately, it happens that many of the
large demands on the Government are owned by
persons residing in the most remote and sparsely-
populated portions of the Union. The judges of
those districts are not likely to be the best-informed
lawyers—communication with Washington is m ore
difficult, and many of those impannelled on the
juries would likely be interested in similar trans-
actions, or moved by sympathy for their friends
and neighbors.
These objections cannot be obviated by provi-
ding for an appeal to the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States. The docket of that tribunal is already
overloaded, and it now requires two or three years
before its suitors can be heard. If we enlarge the
field of its labors, we shall be compelled to alter
its machinery so as to provide for the location of
its judges at Washington, and permanent sessions
of the court. Indeed, it would be an anomaly in
legislation, to provide generally for suits against
the United States, and investigation of accounts at
any other place except at Washington. The
archives of Government are all here, and the
sources of its defence are fully provided; but in
distant States or Territories it would be greatly at
the mercy of claimants.
Upon the whole, Mr. Chairman, the bill of the
Senate is better matured, and far preferable to any
which has been offered. If we adopt it as the law
of the land, and it should not accomplish the
1 hopes of its advocates, it can easily be repealed,
and some other plan substituted in its stead. It
never can have any factitious support to preserve
its existence, when it has failed in accomplishing
•its design. Its popularity must rest wholly on its
success. Whenever the confidence of the country
(in the purity or efficiency of the tribunal is gone,
it will fall by its own weight. We must do some-
thing for the remedy of the evils attending our
present system, and this measure presents fairer
prospects of relief than any other. If we give it
our support, we shall at least have done all in our
power for affording a specific to the ills witl^ which
we are afflicted.
the tariff—rivers and harbors—the fu-
gitive slave law.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN CROWELL,
of ohio,
In the House of Representatives,
Friday, February 14, 1851.
Delivered in Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, while the river and harbor bill
was under consideration.
Mr. CROWELL said:
Mr. Chairman: Before I retire from my seat
and take leave of my associates in this Hall, I
propose to express the views which I entertain
upon two or three topics to which public attention
was invited by the President of the United States
in his late annual message. It affords me pleasure
to be able to say that I concur with the President
in most of the sentiments which he avowed in re-
lation to the foreign and domestic policy of the
Government; and while I am obliged to dissent
from some of his opinions, it would be unjust to
withhold my unqualified approbation of his frank
and manly expression of them.
There is no attempt, in a wilderness of words,
to lose or conceal his opinions or obscure his
: meaning, and he discusses the various subjects
1 proper for the annual Executive communication,
! in a spirit of liberal and enlarged patriotism, that
cannot fail to securAie respect and admiration of
i a large majority of his countrymen, although they
; may be unable to agree with some of his conclu-
; sions.
| It is pleasant for one who is familiar with our
political history for the last twenty years, to turn
' away from a series of Presidential communications
: to Congress that have degenerated into mere elec-
j tioneering hand-bills, often disgraceful even to those
I whose signatures they bear, and discreditable to
j the country, to the contemplation of such a docu-
ment, displaying so many qualities of the states-
man.
But, sir, it is foreign from my purpose to go into
1 a review of the whole message; I shall confine
] myself to a brief discussion of a few only of the
j various subjects which it embraces. I have here-
| tofore been contented to give silent votes upon the
: modification of the existing revenue laws, the im-
