*92
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 14,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Rivers and Harbors—Mr. Crowell.
Senate.
act of 1842 up in the prostrate industrial interests j
of the country. But tliese fruits, so abundant and
so full of promise, were soon to be blasted, and the
country again precipitated upon one of those peri- ,
odical changes in the revenue laws and commer-
cial policy, which it has been made to suffer from
time to time by inconstant and unstable legisla-
tion. The law of 1846 repudiated and abandoned
the protective principle, and was framed apparent-
ly with the view to discredit and expel it from
our economical and commercial regulations. It
was deemed of more importance, in the opinion of
Secretary Walker, to the interests of his party
and its future success, that the theory of free trade
should be rescued and vindicated from the con- ,
tempt and odium into which it was rapidly de-
scending, in view of the truninhant success of the
opposite doctrine, exemplified and illustrated in
the operation of the tariff of 1842. It is true, the
successful Democratic banner in the Presidential
election of 1844,-was emblazoned with the motto
"Polk, Dallas, and the Tariff of 1842, let the'
Whigs repeal it if they dare!" But this banner
was unfolded to the breeze, only in those States
where protection was popular, and opposition to
it would be certain defeat.
Success was thus secured, it was afterwards
virtually admitted, by deceptive and false pre-
tences. But the loss of reputation which the con-
fession of such a trifling offence would occasion,
was looked upon as a matter of very slight im-
portance, and would be repaid, and much more
than repaid, by the profits or the "spoils" of
victory. ,
After the election was over, and the "noiseand
confusion" to which if had given rise had sub-1
sided, it was found, on close inspection, that the
tariff of 1842 did not conform in its most essential
features to the Baltimore platform, on which it
was now insisted the election had turned, and it
must, therefore, be sacrificed. The new Secretary
of the Treasury was selected as the executioner, j
and we all know how skillfully and successfully he j
performed the part assigned him. And the high ,
commendations which he received from England j
and the British Parliament ought to occasion no
surprise, when it is remembered that a higher rate
of duty is imposed on the raw material than on the
manufactured article, and in this way affording
protection to foreign manufacturers to the preju-
dice and injury of our own.
I will not exhaust the patience of the committee
by descending to details. It is sufficient to ob-
serve that the production of iron, which had aug-
mented under the tariff of 1842 to eight hundred
thousand tons in 1847, has now diminished in
three years at least one half, and of the three hun-
dred furnaces m the State of Pennsylvania, prob-
ably not more than one half are in blast at the
present time. The same condition of things exists,
no doubt, in other iron producing States, and it is
not confined to that article alone. All other pur-
suits are almost equally languishing and depressed
under the Baltimore platform tariff of 1846. " If
' we now desire to know the cause of },his," says
the writer from whose work I have already made
a quotation, " we need only turn to the fact that
' the production of iron, wluch should have grown
* to almost a million and a half of tons, has fallen to
' four hundred thousand—that the production of
' coal, which had grown to six millions, has remain-
* ed stationary at three—and that throughout the
' country the mass ofthe cotton mills are stopped,
' or running short time; tlie consequence of which
'is, that the operatives can buy little food, and
' have nothing to spare for clothing. In the neigh-
4 borhood of Boston, three hundred thousand ,
* spind'es are stopped. In Rhode Island, seventy-
' one factories are closed. In New England at
' at large, not less than seven hundred thousand
* spindles are stopped, and must continue so.
* During much of the past year they were enabled
' to continue running, because they had laid in
' their stock of cotton at low prices, but now
' ' they are stopped until there shall arise a de-
' maiid for cloth that will enable them to sell it
' at as much as will pay for the wool, and the
' wages of the people who convert it into cloth, i
' At Buffalo, large mills are closed, and so it is in
' other parts of New York. In New Jersey, every
' mill, with one exception, is stated to be closed.
' In Pennsylvania, some of the largest establish- j
' ments are stopped, and others are working short
' time. In Maryland, eleven are closed, and the
' stoppages are spreading gradually throughout
' the country, ultimately to reach every State of
' the Union."
This sudden and remarkable transition which
these facts disclose, already begins to arrest the
attention of the country, and the inquiry is made,
how can existing and impending evils be arrested?
The influx of California gold may serve hereafter,
as the famine in Europe has heretofore, to post-
pone for a time and alleviate the natural conse-
quences that flow from such vicious and unpatriotic
legislation; but sooner or later they will surely
come with all their blighting effects. The pre-
monitory symptoms are, in fact, already upon us,
as the facts which I have recited clearly show, and
a speedy and effective remedy will, I hope, be
applied before the close of the present session.
The following views and recommendations in the
annual report of the present Secretary of the
Treasury, if adopted by Congress, would, it is
believed, afford an adequate remedy. I am not
familar with any document proceeding from the
head of any Executive Department ot this Gov-
ernment, for many years, that exhibits more fami-
liarity with the finances of the country, or more
practical wisdom and sound statesmanship.
I. A change in the present ad valorem system,
which should impose specific duties upon all ar-
ticles to which such duties may be safely applied,
with home valuations upon all such as are neces-
sarily subject to ad valorem rates.
II. If the principle of specific duties shall notbe
adopted, that home valuation, instead of the for-
eign, should then be applied to all imports subject
to ad valorem duties.
III. If neither of the foregoing changes shall be
thought proper, then it is deemed highly neces-
sary that the present rates should be increased on
a great variety of articles, which it will be found
could hear such increase with the most salutary
effects upon both trade and revenue.
Either of the first two modifications suggested
above would undoubtedly correct many of the in-
equalities of the present system; place all im-
porters, whether purchasers or manufacturers, on
equal ground, in respect to valuations for duty;
guard the revenue against flagrant frauds, which
are so easily perpetrated under existing laws; and
insure stability and permanent increase of the
revenue. They are, therefore, earnestly com-
mended to the consideration of Congress.
In any system, it is believed that experience
has settled the true policy to be pursued in several
particulars which enter into our system of reve-
nue laws. Among these are, that all raw mate-
rial should be admitted at a moderate rate of
duty, when-assessed at all; that all non-enumerated
articles should be assessed at higher rates of duty
than the average of manufactured articles; and that
all articles composed of the same material should
pay in general the same rate of duty.
IMPROVEMENT OF RIVERS AND HARBORS.
But, sir, I pass to another topic of remark—
the bill under immediate consideration making
appropriations for the improvement of rivers and
harbors. Foreign commerce has been with us, as
in England, always a favorite, and among all the
mutations of party in this country, and changes of
administration, with a solitary exception, it has
never failed to receive the fostering care and pro-
tection of the Government. And it is a subject
worthy of remark and congratulation to the ener-
getic and enterprising men of the present day, that
the facilities of transportation upon the land should
be so greatly multiplied and increased, and that
adventures upon the ocean should be pushed and
encouraged by all the principle nations of the earth.
It is but recently—about the middle of the fifteenth
century—that no mariner of Europe dared to launch
his bark on the wide ocean and lose sight of his
own shore; and till the passage of the navigation
act, in the times of Oliver Cromwell, which placed
the shipping interest of Great Britain on a broad
and permanent basis, the tonnage and commerce
of that country were inconsiderable, and the Dutch
crowded the ports of England, and in fact, of the
whole world, while British vessels decayed at their
wharves^ The leading purpose of this celebrated
act, which laid the foundation of British suprem-
acy upon the ocean, was to compel the mer-
chants to import and export, and carry on their
commerce, in ships belonging to the realm. The
measure was entirely successful, and great as the
genius of that wonderful man is admitted to be, it
has been truthfully said, that this law is a monu-
ment worthy of his fame. About the time this
1 law took effect, in 1660, British commerce* em-
ployed four tons of foreign to one of national ships;
but one hundred years afterwards, in 4760, it em-
ployed twelve tons of British to one of foreign
tonnage. And from the last-named year to 1774,
a period of only fourteen years, the tonnage of
Great Britain advanced from ninety-five thousand
two hundred and sixty to one million one hundred
thirty-six thousand two hundred and sixty-two
tons. Such were the fruits of legislative protec-
tion of foreign commerce.
The wisdom and necessity of protecting com-
1 merce, thus taught and illustrated by the mother
country, were deeply impressed upon the minds of
our enlightened and revolutionary statesmen; but
the Government of the Confederacy, the offspring
of the Revolution, was not only unable to afford
it adequate protection, meet the navigation act of
England with countervailing measures, and estab-
lish a just and uniform system of commercial
dealing with other nations, but after the close of
the war seemed rapidly hurrying to dissolution.
The members of the Convention that formed the
Constitution were nearly or quite unanimous in
the desire to take from the States the power over
commercial concerns which they enjoyed under
the Confederation, and which it was found im-
practicable for them to wield for the public benefit,
and surrender the maritime interests of the coun-
try to the guidance of the National Government.
It was avowed in the Convention that the eastern
States had no other motive to union but a commer-
cial one, and the power over commerce given to
Congress was full and ample as language could
make it. And this power lias been adjudged to be
exclusive, perfect, and supreme.
At the meeting of the first Congress under the
Constitution, our trade, owing to the causes al-
ready stated, was in a most disastrous condition,
both at home and abroad; and though the business
of the country required, and actually employed
five hundred thousand tons of navigation* we had
of our own only two hundred thousand tons, and
of the residue full three fourths were English. In
fact England not only supplied us with her own
commodities, but with a large proportion of those
we needed and imported from other countries. It
was provided by acts passed at the first session
that merchandise imported in our own bottoms
was to pay ten per cent, less duty than when
brought in others, and American vessels were to
be charged forty-four cents the ton less tonnage
duty than those wearing foreign flays. And from
1790 to the present time annual appropriations,
varying in amount from fifteen to more than five
hundred thousand dollars, have been regularly
made to keep up the light-house establishment.
The ninth act which passed the first Congress,
and bears the illustrious signature of General
Washington, was an act for theestablishmentand
support of light-houses, beacons, buoys, and pub-
lic piers. This act expressly provided:
" That all the expenses which shall accrue from snd after
the fifteenth day of August, 1789, in the necessary support
and maintenance and repair of light-houses, beacons, buoifi,
and public piers, erected, placed, or sunk before the passing
of this act at the entrance of or within any hay, inlet, har-
bor or port ofthe United States for rendering the navigation
thereof safe and shall he defrayed out of the Treasury
of the United States: Provided, That such light-houses,
beacons, buoys, and public piers, shall be ceded to and
vested m the United States, by the Stale or States in wluch
they are situated, together with the lands and'tenements
thereunto belonging, with the jurisdiction of the same."
And it was by that act made the duty of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to provide by contracts for
rebuilding them when necessary, and for furnish-
ing them with necessary supplies; and also to
agree for thesalaries, wages, or hire of the persons
appointed for the superintendence of the same.
In 1806, Mr. Jefferson approved an art for the
commencement of the Cumberland road, and since
that time nearly $6,000,000 have been appropriated
to complete it to the Mississippi. And an appro-
priation has been made almost every year for the
last fifty years for the coast survey, embracing also
the survey of rivers and harbors.
On the 4th April, 1818, the House of Repre-
