1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
197
31st Cong MM* 2d Sess..
Claim for French Spoliations—Mr. Mc Clernand.
Ho. of Reps.
power—thus this august and supreme tribunal de- !
rburnl in the most solemn and authentic form,
thai the treaties mere abrogated in consequence of
the fact that France had -'repeatedly violated"
them. They declared this; and the claimants
themselves admit the truth of the tact when they
allege that the spoliations for which they claim
indemnities were violative of the treaties. This
admission of itself is a concession of the whole
question, and leaves the claimants without re-
course on this Government.
A^ain, sir, we were absolved from the treaties
in consequence of our inability to execute them—
and because the effort to do so would have in-
volved us in imminent danger of national ruin.
Both publicists and moralists hold that a nation is
bound to preserve itself—that it is bound to consult
the common food and safety of all its members.
These obligations result,according to their nature,
from the rujhl of self-preservation, which is the
first law of nature; or, from the compact of gov-
ernment itself. Hence, a government may make
war to stav aggression, or it may avoid making
war it" that resort would prove a still greater ana
more dangerous evil. And hence, also, a gov-
ernment has no moral or legal right to enter into
an engagement for its own ruin; or if it has al-
ready entered into an engagement the execution
of which, from subseqSent circumstances, has
become imminently dangerous to its existence, it
is thereby released from the obligation to execute
it at such a hazard.
And such is the authority laid down by Vattel:
he says: '• Though a simple injury, or some dis-
• advantage in a treaty, be not sufficient to invali-
* date it, the case is not the same with those incon-
' venienoes that would lead to the ruin of the na-
' tion, since, in the formation of every treaty,
* the contracting parties must be vested with sum-
1 cient power for the purpose. A treaty perni-
' cious to the State is null, and not obligatory; as
' no conductor of a nation has the power to enter
'into engagements to do such things as are capa-
* bte of destroying the State for whose safety the
•government is intrusted to him. The nation it-
• self, being necessarily obliged to perform every-
• thing required for its preservation and safety,
* cannot enter into engagements contrary to its in-
• dispensable obligations." And here the author
goes on to recite a historical case in illustration of
this doctrine.*
Again; " If the State that has promised succors
finds herself unable to furnish them, her inability
alone is sufficient to dispense with the obligation;
and if she cannot give her assistance without ex-
posing herself to evident danger, this circumstance
also dispenses with it. This would be one of the
cases in whirh a treaty becomes pernicious to the
State, and therefore not obligatory."! And, ac-
cording to Puffendorf, if we add that the war in
which France was engaged was one springing
from an internal civil revolution, we were released
from the treaties on this ground.}
Kit allowing the last-mentioned point to be i
doubtfUl, the inquiry remains, Whether our sit-
uation answered to the conditions of the law laid j
down by Vattel? whether, in fact, we were un-
able to execute the guarantee in behalf of France
in relation to her West India possessions? or
whether an attempt to do so would have brought
on us imminent danger of national ruin? T"o
these questions there can be but one answer, and
that is, that any forcible attempt on our part to
fulfill the guarantee must have certainly involved
us in war with England; and perhaps, also,
with her allies—Austria, Prussia, Sardinia, and
the Netherlands. Against such a force an infant
people, as we were, just emerged from a protracted
and wasting revolution, could hardly have main-
tained their independence. Attacked by sea and
land, our commerce swept from the ocean, ex-
hausted by a prolpnged war, we might have sunk
under the weight of superior means, and have lost
forever the destiny of freedom and happiness.
Alexander Hamiltion, treating on the same
point, says:
" The contest in wbicb the United State* would plunge
tbenw>lTm, were they to take part with France, would possi-
* VUe Vattel1* L. N., B 3, C 12, pp. 193-4.
f Idem B 3, C 6, p. 325.
j VUe Puffendorf, B 8, C 9, see. 9.
bly be more unequal than that in which France herself is i
engaged. With the possessions of Great Britain and Spain 1
on both flanks, the numerous Indian tribes under the influ-
ence and direction of those powers along our whole into-
no* frontier, with a long extended seacoast, with no mari-
time forue of our own, and with the maritime force of all
F.iirops against us, with no fortifications whatever, ami
with a population not exceeding four millions, it is impos-
sible to imagine a more unequal contest than that in which
we should be involved in the case supposed. From such a
contest we are dissuaded by the most cogent motives of
self-preservation, no less than of interest."
My next objection to the validity of these claims
is, that the ancient treaties between France and
the United States were terminated by the opera-
tion of war. And here the question arises, what
is war? In a general sense, it is that state in
which a nation prosecutes its rights by force. But
in a more limited sense, now to be considered, it
consists of different degrees and kinds of force.
Absolute or perfect war exists where two nations
have taken up arms against each other as such,
and against the members of each. A qualified, or
imperfect war, exists where the injuries inflicted
by each on the other are >ub modo; for example,
by particular persons especially licensed by the
Government to do so, or when the capture and for- '
feiture of certain descriptions of property, private
or public, are only authorized, or where other defi-
nite and limited injuries are inflicted by each on
the other by virtue of public authority. The case
of definite and limited reprisals by one nation on
the other would fulfill the conditions of the lat-
ter, or imperfect state of war.
This premised, the next question arising is:
Whether the relations existing between France
and the United States during the period covering
the origin of these claims, fall within either of
these definitions of war ? It is not pretended that
they ariswer to the first; but it is as confidently as- '
serted that they fall within the second. Let facts,
speak forthemselves. From 1793 to 1801—during ,
a period of seven years—some thirty acts were '
passed by Congress, importing unmistakably the
existence of hostilities between the two Govern-
ments. Letters of marque and reprisal were is-
sued; convoy was given to our merchantmen;
commercial intercourse with France was inter-
dicted; her Vessels—some of them public and some
private—were captured; and among the number
the frigate L'Insurgente. Rigorous retaliation on
her citizens was authorized; ships of war were
built and others were bought; the regular army
was increased; a provisional army of ten thousand
men was raised, and Washington received the
commission of Lieutenant General, and was called
from retirement to take command. In accepting
his commission, he said: " Feeling how incumbent
«it is upon every person of every description to
< contribute, at all times, to his country's welfare,
' and especially in a moment like the present, when
' everything we hold dear and sacred is so seri-
' ously threatened, I have finally determined to
' accept the commission of commander-in-chief of |
' the armies of the United States."*
Other measures of an extraordinary nature were
taken. More than twenty millions of dollars were
appropriated for the Army; more than fifteen
millions for the Navy; ana over twenty-five mil-
lions of dollars of loans were authorized—some of
them bearing interest at the rate of eight per
centum per annum. The duties on imports were
increased, and stamp, excise, and direct taxes
were laid. The stamp-master retailed thepublic
stamp, without which no contract between indivi-
duals for more than twenty dollars was valid.
The excise man was abroad in the land, and the
collector of direct taxes entered every house. The
formal abrogation of the treaties between the two
countries followed the rude and insulting expulsion
of our ministers from France—an act of hostility
in itself; and thus perished the last semblance of
amity between the two countries—leaving them in
an undisguised state of war. Blows followed as
well as preceded these warlike preparations. The
vessels of the belligerents, on meeting each other,
were immediately cleared for action, and some-
times the most desperate conflicts ensued, in which
masts were cut away, hulls shattered into wrecks,
and the decks were drenched with human blood.
The extent and nature of the warfare between the
two Governments may be inferred from the gen-
eral fact which has been officially stated, that
American vessels were captured by the French
flag, and eighty-four French vessels by the Ameri-
can flag—sixty-eight of which, valued at $600,000
were condemned and distributed as prizes—one
half to the captors, the other half being retained by
the Government.
Such, sir, were the extraordinary and almost
incredible exertions of the Government to punish
and prevent aggressions on our commerce—to ful-
fill its duties to its suffering citizens. And did not
all this amount to war, at least to a state of im-
perfect war? However much we may differ on
this subject, othets contemporaneous with these
transactions did not differ. The great statesmen
and warriors of an epoch of almost universal war,
when the actions of nations were never more keen-
ly scrutinized and profoundly judged, did not differ
on so obvious a point. They were agreed in fact,
whatevermay have beentlieoccassional affectations
of diplomatic policy to the contrary. Both French-
men and Americans were agreed. The President
of the French Commission said: " If the subject
' could be determined by an indifferent nation, he
' was satisfied such a tribunal would say that the
' present state  f things was war, on the side of
,' America, and that no indemnities could be
' claimed." His colleagues made similar declara-
tions. Again: he said," If theGovernment should
' think proper to instruct them to make a treaty on
< the basis of indemnities, and a modified renewal
' of the old treaties, he would resign sooner than
' sign such a treaty."*
On the other hand our own .Commissioners said:
" Doubtless the Congressional act authorizing the
' reduction of the French cruisers by force was an
' authorization of war, limited indeed in its extent,
' but not in its nature. Clearly, also, their subse-
• quent acts declaring that the treaties had ceased to
' be obligatory, however proper it might be for the .
' removal of doubts, was but declaratory of the
' actual state of things. And certain it was only
' from an exercise of the constitutional prerogative
' of declaring war, that either of them derived va-
•lidity."f .
President Adams, in the letter accompanying
Washington's commission of Lieutenant General,
urges him to accept it, that he might assume " the
conduct and direction of the war. "J And Wash-
ington, in his letter of acceptance, denominates the
tfaf^i between the two countries to be "war on
our defenceless commerce."
But what, if possible, is still more conclusive,
the Supreme Court of the United States have
unanimously decided the question at issue. I refer
to the case of Bas vs. Tingey, in which they de-
cided that a vessel taken from the French was a
vessel taken from an " enemy." Judge Washing-
ton said: ^
"The decision of this question must depend upon an-
other, which is, whether, at the time of passing the act of
Congress of tile 3d of March, 1799, there subsisted a state
of war between the two nations? It may, I believe, be
safely laid down that every contention by force between
two nations in external matters, under the authority of their
respective Governments, is not only war, but public war.
If it be declared in form, it is called solemn, and is of tha
perfect kind, because one whole nation is at war with an-
other whole nation, and all the members of the nation de-
claring war, are authorized to commit hostilities against ail
the members of the other, in every place and under every
circumstance. In such a war all the members, act under a
general authority, and all the rights and consequences of
war attach to their condition.
" But hostilities may subsist between two nations mors
confined in its nature and extent, being limited as to places,
persons, and things; and this is more properly termed im-
perfect war, because not solemn, and because those who
are authorizd to commit hostilities act under special author-
ity, and can go no furmer than to the extent of their com-
mission. Still, however, it is public war, because it is an
external contention by force between some of the members
of the two nations, authorized by the legitimate powers. It
is a war between the two nations, though all the members are
not authorized to commit hostilities, such as in a solemn
war, where the Government restrains the general power."
Again, he says:
" In fact and in law we are at war: an American vessel
fighting with a French vessel, to subdue and make her
prize, is fighting with an enemy accurately and technically
speaking; and if this be not sufficient evidence of theleji*-
lativemind, it is explained in the same law."
Judge Chase said:
" What, then, is the nature of the contest subsisting be-
* Vide Sen. Doe., No. 103, 1st Sess 19th. Cong. p. B63.
"  ' -X  f Vide Sen. Doc., No. 10-2,1st sess., 19Cong.,9 c.,p. 634.
• Vide, Marshall's Life of Washington, vol. 5, p. 758. 1 j Vide Marshall's Life of Washington, vol. 5, p. 753-757,
