200
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 24,
31st Cong.:...2d Skss.
Mail Steamers to Africa—Mr. Stanton, of Tennessee.
Ho. or Reps.
claims were subsequently liquidated by a treaty ,
of peace between the two powers; for, in my opin-
ion, such was not the fact; and even if it was so,
it would be but a very poor excuse for this Gov-
ernment to make to its citizens for not paying
these claims. But such, was not the fact: neither
our Government nor the French government ever
so considered it, as has been abundantly substan-
tiated. I have here, sir, some evidence to that ef-
fect. Mr. Livingston, of the Senate Committee, i based upon justice, as this measure is.
is now known upon the subject, but which was
not known at the time those reports were made.
And it will not do, then, for us to say that tlwre
is no justice in advocating these claims, or that the
people of this country will not sustain us in pass-
ing a measure of this kind. Sir, 1 have no faith
in any such arguments as this when applied to the
American people. As a people, as a nation, they
will support and approve any measure which is
1 _   . . 1     _ _ *  . - _   M t K . n  -i -  MA M A 1 n I ^ 1
in 1830, said:
"But this was not a cass of war, and the stipulations
which reconciled the two nations was not a treaty of peace;
it was a convention for putting an end to certain differen-
ces, The proof of these assertions will be evident to
any one who pays the slightest attoauon to the history of
the transaction.
"The tirst public expression of the Jij111 in which our
Government considered the measure.- winch have been de-
tailed, is in the instructions (riven to .Messrs. Ellsworth,
Davie, and Murray, in vvmch the envoys are told, after an
enumeration of the wrongs sustained by the acts of the
French Government, "This conduct of the Frencii Republic
4 would well have justified ail immediate declaration of war
'on the part of the United States; but, desirous ot inuw-
* taining peace, and still willing to leave open the dour of
' reconciliation with France, the United States contented
* themselves Willi preparing tor defence, and measures cat
1 minted to defend her commerce.' Now, all the measures
which have been considered as equivalent to a state of war
had been taken previous to the date of these instructions.
Our Government then did not think the two nations in a
etateofvvar; and, in conformity with those instructions,
the ministers, in one of their first communications in the
negotiation, thus characterize the measures taken by the
Unittd States: ' With re-pert to the acts of the Congress
' of the United States, which the hard alternative of aban-
' doning their commerce to ruin imposed, and which, far
' from contemplating a cooperation with the enemies of
' the Republic, did not even authorize reprisals on their mer-
' chantmen, but were restricted solely to the giving safety
* to their o vn, till a moment should arrive when their &ut-
' ferings could be heard and redressed.'
'■ xhe same character is impressed on the whole nego-
tiation—the settlement of indemnities for mutual injuries,
and the modification of the ancient treaties, to suit exist-
ing circumstances. Nowhere the slightest expression, on
either side, that a state of war existed, wlncii would exon-
erate either party from the obligation of making those in-
demnities to the other. On the contrary, when it became
necessary to urge that those treaties were no longer obliga-
tory on the United States, the ministers rely not on a state
of war, which would have put an end to them without any
dispute, but on the act of Congress of the 7th July, 1798,
annulling the treaties—an act wiiich they themselves did
not think, in a subsequent part of the negotiation, any bar
to a recognition of the treaties, so as to limit the operation
of an intermediate one made with England. The conven-
tion which was the result of these negotiations, is not only,
in its form, different from a treaty of peace, but it contains
stipulations which would be disgraceful to our cotintr^fcn
the supposition that it terminated a state of war—the reite-
ration of prizes, and payment for vessels destroyed. Neither
party considered then that they were in a state of war.
Were they -o in effect? War, fiom its nature, is indiscrim-
inate hostility between the subjects of the belligerent pow-
ers. Henceitis universally acknowledged that the granting
of letters of marque and reprisal does not produce a state
of war, because it is limited. Here recourse was not even
had to this measure ; the right of capture was limited to
that of armed v-issels, which were dangerous to our com-
merce—looking to security for the future, but not to indem-
nity for the past. Besides, the convention was not a treaty
of peace, because such a treaty is without limitation ; while
the convention, being limited to eight years, would, if we
had been at war, have been a truce only for that period, at i
the expiration of which war must have been resumed, as ;
of course, or been followed by a regular treaty of peace." j
And, Mr. Chairman, there is other and yelp
stronger evidence upon this point in existence, but
I will not occupy time in referring to it. It is evi-
dent, however, to my mind, that the position as-
sumed by the honorable gentleman from Illinois,
and others, that the two nations were at war with
each other, is an untenable one, and not sustained
by facts. And I regretted to hear my esteemed
colleague, in his remarks upon the bill establishing
a Board of Claims, a day or two since, allude in
the sneering manner he did to tl®se claims. He
intimated that because these claims are of about
fifty years standing, that the advocates of them
have begun to think that there is some little jus-
tice attached to them! Sir, it appears to me, if we
needed anv evidence as to the justice of these
claims, in addition to the abundant evidence we
can get from all the facts connected with their ori-
gin and history, we could find some evidence in
the fact, that of thirty different reports of various
committees of this House and the Senate, all of
them, with'four exceptions, have been in favor of
the claims; and I believe, sir, that those four ex-
ceptions, where the reports were adverse, and to
which the honorable gentleman from Illinois has
this morning alluded, were all of them made pre-
This
money is legally due to our citizens from the Gov-
ernment, and the inherent sense of right and jus-
tice which characterizes a large majority of the
American people, will sustain any man, or any
party, who shall vote upon the side of justice m
this matter.
Why, sir, can we justify ourselves in coming
here and voting ten millions of money to Texas,
for a claim which she made to property that she
never had in her possession, and then refuse to pay
our citizens for property which was not only actu- :
ally taken from them, but for which property our
Government has value received? Sir, this is a
kind of reasoning and a sort of justice which I
cannot understand; and you may depend upon it,
the people of this country will not understand it.
And if this Government shall forever refuse to pay
these just and righteous claims of its citizens, it
will set but a poor example for the people, and the
States of this Union, of loyalty to the Constitution;
for that Constitution says that " private property
shall not be taken for public use without just com-
pensation;" and this property of our citizens, or
these claims against the French Government, which
was property to them, was taken for the " public
use," as they were made a consideration, or the i
basis of a settlement of difficulties between the two (i
nations, which it was desirable for the public
good should be settled. And our Government, 1
acting in the capacity of agent for its citizens in
that settlement, virtually and willingly, in my
opinion, assumed the debt: and shall we now re-
fuse to pay these claims because it is our Govern- ,
ment who is the debtorinstead of a foreign nation?
"Would any such defence as this hold good in a
Crivate business transaction of a similar nature 1
etween individuals ? Sir, the scorn and contempt
of an outraged community would be visited upon
any one who, in a private business transaction,
w#uld avoid the responsibility of a just debt, as t his
is, under any miserable subterfuge like this. I have
I heard justice spoken of in this House, as if it was
j a principle that could not attach itself to claims
1 against the Government, and especially of claims j
that were of long standing. Sir, the best evidence I
i we can have to judge of the character of any peo-
ple as a nation, is to ascertain the strength of
principle, the love of justice, and the sense of
honor by which its citizens are governed in their
business transactions and daily intercourse with
each other. And if our citizens are not to look
for justice, and for examples of uprightness and
honor upon the part of their Government towards
i' themselves, where,in thenameof Heaven,are they
to look for it? And we may well cease to hope
for the permanent prosperity of this nation when
it shall become a settled fact, that a much less regard
for justice is had upon the part of the Government,
as between itself and its citizens, than is held to be ,
the rule of conduct between the individuals them-
selves who composed that Government. And I will
not believe, sir, that our Government will by its
own action establish any such rule, or any such
code of morals, as it most assuredly will, in my
opinion, if it shall refuse that justice to its citizens
which is demanded by the passage of the bill sent
to us from the Senate, and which is now upon the
Speaker's table. It is a saying which has been
quoted of Republics, that they " are ungrateful,"
and if it can with any truth be charged upon
this Republic of ours that it is guilty of ingrati-
tude, let there not be superadded to that charge the
repoach that it is guilty of injustice to any one,
and least of all to our citizens. And I appeal then
to the friends of this measure, that they shall pur-
sue such a course of action in regard to the busi-
ness of the House as shall bring us most speedily
to the business upon the Speaker's table, that we
may reach this bill and pass it, as I believe it is
demanded of us by every principle and feeling of
justice, as well as by the almost unanimous senti- ■
vious to the development of information which fl ment of the people of this country.
MAIL STEAMERS TO AFRICA.
SPEECH OF HON. F. P. STANTON,
of TENNESSEE,
ix the House of Representatives,
Monday, February 24, 1851,
In favor of the establishment of certain Mail Steam-
ers between the United States and the coast of
Africa.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on the state-
of the Union, (Mr. Bitrt in the chair,) and having under
consideration the Civil and Diplomatic Aprropiiation Bill—
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, said:
Mr. Chairman: When I took the floor a few
days ago, it was ^ y intention to have presented
some views upon the subject of the general policy
connected with our foreign mail service, and par-
ticularly with reference to the bill I had shortly
before reported to the House. The committee,
however, determined that the discussion would not
be in order at that time, and I was prevented from
replyingto the remarks of several gentlemen, which
were directed particularly against the bill for a line
of steamers from California to China, and from
Norfolk and Philadelphia to Europe. I do not in-
tend to go back now to the discussion of the points
which were then raised. They were sufficiently
answered by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Bocock,] and I am content to leave the controversy
upon those points between him and the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. McLane.] My purpose is
to address the committee briefly upon the whole
subject, and to show, if I can, its bearings upon
the general interests of the country. Many of
the objections I have heard, here and elsewhere,
against the two measures which I have had the
honor to report to the House, have been such as
would apply equally to any or all the lines of mail
steamers', as well those which have been hereto-
fore established as those which are now proposed.
I shall have occasion, however, in the course of
my remarks, to refer to these two propositions, and
to show in what manner they are connected with)
our most important public policy, and our high-
esLrmblic interests.
You are aware, sir, that this system of com-
munication with foreign countries by lines of mail
steamers fitted for war purposes, had its ongirt
during the administration of Mr. Polk, and re-
ceived the unqualified support of that distinguished
statesman and his able Cabinet. The subject was
favorably iftticed in his first annual message, but
more at length in his third, which was that of De-
cember, 1847. In order to a full understanding of
the views of Mr. Polk, and of the extent to which
he was disposed to carry this policy, I take occa-
sion to quote at some length what is to be found
on this subject in the State paper last referred to.
He there said:
" In addition to the four war steamers authorized by this
act the Secretary of the Navy has, in pursuance of its
provisions, entered into contract for the construction of five
steamers to be employed in the transportation of the United
States mail ' from New York to New Orleams, touching at
Charleston, Savannah, and Havana, and from Havana to
Chagres ;' for three steamers to be employed in like man-
ner from Panama to Oregon, 4 so as to connect with the
mail from Havana to Chagres across the Isthmus,' and for
five steamers to be employed in like manner from New
York to Liverpool. These steamers will be the pioperty
of the contractors, but are to be built' under the superintend-
* ence and direcnou of a naval constructor in the employ of
' the Navy Department, and to he so constructed as to ren-
' der them convertible, at the least possible expense, into
< war steamers of the first class.' "
" A prescribed number of naval officers, as well as a post
office agent, are to be on board of them ; and authority is
reserved to the Navy Department, at all times, to ' exercise
control over said steam ships,'and ' to have the right to take
them for the exclusive use and service of the United States,
upon making proper conipensaUon to the contractors there-
for.*
" While these steamships will be employed in transport-
ing the mails of the United States coastwise, and to foreign
countries, upon an annual compensation to be paid to the
owners, they will always be ready, upon an emergency re-
quiring it, to be converted into war steamers ; and the right
reserved to take them for public use, will add greatly to the
efficiency and strength ofthis description of our naval force.
To the steamers thus authorized, under contracts made by
the Secretary of the Navy, should be added five other
steamers authorized under contracts made in pursuance ot
law by the Postmaster General, making an addition in the
whole of eighteen war steamers, subject to be taken tor pub-
lic use. As further contracts for the transportation of the
mail to foreign countries may be authorized by Congress,
this number mar be enlarged indefinitely.
"The enlightened policy by which a rapid communica-
tion with the various distant parts of the globe is established
