1851.}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL 6L0BB*
801
Ulsi Cono 2d Sess.
Mail Steamers to Africa—Mr. Stanton, of Tennessee.
Ho. of Reps.
b\ nt.'Mu u: \mcncan buslt war steamers, would And an
ann*' ml tti t'ie ir>erv.>. * of our commerce, and in nm-
t1"!<■«' ■  i' t' n ami in re-«ourre  more favorably known
•hn-j.', hut the national advantage is still greater of having
u*r ha* at tirticvr* matte taiuitiar with steam navigation, and
o" U.t\;;i< ihc jiri\U-o of taking the jihtps already equipped
lor i'n'>)■ !.a"r v V" at a mmiient';* notice; and will be
ehwih "U'Wi*-.-,1 bv the compensation to be paid tor the
ttansportanon of the mail in It Jem, over and above die post-
age* rrceived.
*• A ju«t  ik1 national pride, no leas than our commercial
tmer M«, w<v«Ui to favor the policy of augmenting the
naniher < f ibw desenption of vessels, Thev can be built
in «nr com on y cheaper and in greater numbers than in any
Mlier in Ibe workl."
Such were the views of Mr. Polk at the com-
mencement of thin system, before the ships had
been built, or the lines actually established. It is
evident from the tone of this passage, that he
looked upon the policy with pride and admiration,
and contemplated the establishment of similar
lines of communication with all the important di-
visions of the elobe. But if such were his views
at that time, what would they have been, had he
lived to this day ? Let us look at the condition of
thinsrs in the first rears of his wise and prosperous
administration. The Oregon difficulties threatened
war with Great Britain. During this impending
danger, the Cunard line of English steamers was
in successful operation, largely supported by the
Treasury of the British Government, and monop-
olizing much of the carrying trade, and the whole
of the mails, between the two continents. The
British West India' line of mail steamers, em-
ploying fourteen vessels, was also in operation,
and, together with the former, constituted an im-
mense force hovering upon our coasts, capable at
any moment of sweeping the whole of our com-
merce from the Atlantic. We had no similar ves-
sels, and it would have been impossible for us to
have prepared them in less than two or three
years. Had war arisen under these circumstances,
our rich commerce would have been at the mercy
of these armed steamers. This condition of things
was distinctly seen and felt; and there cannot be a
doubt that itconstiiuted one of the strongest induce-
ments leading to the adoption of that policy which
was so wisely recommended by Mr. Polk.
But what have already been the fruits of this
policy ? The Collins line of American steamers
commenced its service early in the year 1650; and
already the British steamers—the America, theCan-
ada, the Furopa, and the Niagara, have been met,
surpassed, and vanquished by the Atlantic, the Pa-
cific, the Baltic, and the Arctic, of the American line.
So incontestable has been the triumph ofltie Ameri-
can shins over those named of the British line, that
the Asia and the Africa have been subsequently
placed upon the track, and these are now the rivals
against which our vessels have been latterly con-
tend ins, with a success so honorable to our country
and so flattering to our hopes of a final triumph.
The New Orleans and ChagTe* line of steamers
from New York has also gone into operation,
and the result has been equally gratifying to the ,
pride and patriotism of the American citizen. |
The formidable British West India line, which !
was required to touch upon our coast and at Ha-
vana, has been withdrawn from that part of its
route, and its very wharves and supplies of coal at
Havana, liave been transferred to the American
company. Who will deny that the public defen-
ces have been thus materially strengthened and
the security of our coasts and of our commerce
promoted by the successful prosecution of this poli-
cy .1 And who will attempt to weigh the mere ex-
pense of these important measures, against the pal-
pable advantages which have already Ttccrued. In
stating these advantages, I have left out of view
the valuable service rendered to the country by
the California lines, at the important juncture
when they fortunately happened to be established.
With the vast emigration from foreign countries—
from Mexico, South America, and Asia, as well
as from Europe—to the gold region of our western
possessions, it is scarcely possible to estimate the
bearing and the value of a measure, which opened
for our own citizens an easy and speedy commu-
nication with California.
Nor is it a matter of small importance that by
the assistance of the Government in building up
these lines, our mechanics have shown themselves
fully capable of constructing machinery of a size
and weight never before attempted in this country. ,
To oos who understand* well the difficulty of '
these mechanical processes, and especially to one
.who knows the confidence with which the English
public predicted the failure of our first attempts, it
must afford grounds of astonishment that we have
already succeeded so well. It was believed that
nothing but long experience in constructing these
powerful engines could have secured even moder-
ate success. But they seem, at the first effort, to
have leaped full grown from the brain of the Amer-
ican mechanic, and we seem already to stand side
by Side with England, scarcely inferior to her in
that peculiar skill which has been her boast for
years. But, sir, while these things cannot be denied,
it is, nevertheless, common in this body to hear
these mail lines denounced as constituting a vast
drain upon the Treasury, and promising to bring
little or nothing back. But I believe, even our
short experience has already afforded the means
of proving this to be a great error. The Chagres
and Panama lines have sustained themselves, j
Here is a great triumph in the very infancy of the I
system. It is true these lines were established
under circumstances unusual and highly favorable,
enabling them to reimburse the Government al-
most from the beginning. Yet there can scarcely
be a doubt that the present returns from these
mails, if not actually increased, will at least be
steadily maintained.
But how is it with the other lines? The New
York and Liverpool line, could not be expected,
against the well established competition of the
Cunard line, to reimburse its own expenses to the
Government in the first year of its existence. Even
here, however, the prospect is highly encouraging.
I have a statement from the Post Office Depart-
ment, to the following efTect:
Total amount of postages by the Cunard line
in January, lRiO  $48,412 81
Total amount bv the same in Jan-
uary, 1851....' #33,566 88
By the Collins line, January, 1851.. 35,495 44
New York and Havre " « .. 3,687 86
New York and Bremen " " 5,475 41
#79,225 59
Increase in January, 1851, over January, 18o0.. #30,819 98
CALIFORNIA LINES.
Jannary, 1851  #*8,934 63
January, 1850  21,565 93
Increase  807,368 70
I am anxious to call attention to the remarkably
increase exhibited by this statement during the
short period of the existence of the American
lines. In January, 1850, when the Cunard line
enjoyed the monopoly, the whole postages amount-
ed only to $48,412 61. In January, 1851, they
have increased to the large sum of $79,225 59, of
which the Collins line returns to this Government
no les« than $36,495 44—an amount greater than
the monthly pay now allowed to the proprietors
for the service. I am not acquainted with the
course of trade between the United States and
Europe; but I know of no reason why one of the
winter months should not be a fair average for the
year. Should this be the case, the Government,
so far from losing by the Collins line, will actu-
ally find it, if continued upon its present basis, a
profitable speculation.
But the most important aspect of this statement
is that which shows how greatly-increased facili-
ties for rapid communication tend to augment the
intercourse, by letter, of foreign nations with each
other. As the millions of Europe shall be brought
nearer and nearer to the millions of America, by
improvements in the means of steam navigation,
it is palpable that their intercourse will be greater
and the profits from the mails will be enhanced;
or, what is the same thing, the rates of postage
will be reduced. The encouragement of this fa-
miliar intercourse between the inhabitants of dif-
ferent countries cannot fail to promote a better
understanding among nations, and thus tend to
maintain peace and to extend commerce. If our
communications be not confined merely to Europe,
but extended by wise and cautious arrangements
to Asia, Africa, and South America, who can
venture to assert that a profitable intercourse will
not spring up between the swarming inhabitants
of these five continents, which will more than re-
turn every dollar of the expenditure necessary to
be in the first instance invested? That the sys- !i
tem promises to be self-sustaining, as I believe it ||
does, is, however, of far less importance, in my (j
I judgment, than the expectation it holds out of
; advancing interests far higher and nobler, in a
; national point of view, than any mere financial
ones. Such is the indubitable tendency of the
system, although it may have its origin in the
rivalry of nations and their contests with each
other for commerce, wealth, and power. I con-
fess that there is to me something indescribably
beautiful and imposing in the idea of turning the
most formidable instruments of war itself into the
very agencies of peace and good-will among men.
If, when considered in another point of view—as
indispensable lo our defence—as absolutely essen-
tial to our equality with Great Britain upon the
seas—the cost of the system becomes a matter of
insignificance, I know not how to express my
estimate of the nothingness of the expenditure,
when weighed against those higher and nobler re-
sults, to humanity, which must follow from the
) promotion of a close and intimate intercourse
among the people.of all nations. Sir, this is the
true path to universal peace—to a condition of
things when war will be impossible.
It does not at all lessen the truth of these tenden-
' cies, that other motives necessarily determine our
course at the present day. Leaving out of view all
other considerations, except that of self-defence,
and supposing we could not expect those profitable
returns which every indication promises, I would
by no means be ready to abandon the policy. Nay,
sir, even if the balance between the expenditure and
the return were much more unfavorable than it is, I
i should still be of opinion that it would be our pol-
icy to maintain the system, and ..to extend it to
most of the great leading lines of commerce from .
our country to other quarters of the world. We
mtuf do this, or we must unconditionally yield the
supremacy of the seas and the monopoly of com-
merce to our great ancienj rival. The march of
her vast fleets of steamers over the waves, connect-
ing almost all parts of the habitable globe, will be
a march of continued and undisputed triumph;
while the riches of all nations will be irresistibly
drawn to her shores and profusely poured into
her lap. The struggle for this ascendency is now
going on. It is a contest big with the fate of na-
tions; and though not a gun may be heard, nor a
drop of blood spilt, it is calculated to bring about
results greater and far more important to humani-
ty than any war which has ever occurred. We
cannot avoid this contest if we would; we are al-
ready engaged in it; And for my part, sir, I
shall never be willing to strike the American flag
to that of England in this contest, any more than
1 would in that bloodier one which war might
bring. I am ready to vote millions, should they
be necessary, to sustain existing lines and to estab-
lish others wherever they may be required to up-
hold the great interests of American commerce.
But it is not merely as rivals that England and
America have entered into this noble Contest.
They are now the leaders of the world in the great
commercial enterprises which distinguish the age.
Spain, France, Holland, and Russia, are far be-
hind both the United States and Great Britain in
t]uit important intercourse with distant nations
which takes place across the ocean. It is not in
any sense the interest of humanity that there
should be or.e gigantic maritime Power supreme
upon the seas, and by her supremacy commanding
and controlling the commerce of the world. It
is the high mission of this Government, if not to
supplant the former mistress of the seas, at least
to share this dominion with her, and by the moral
influence of our equality in energy, enterprise, and
power, to give courage and stability to feebler na-
tions, and thereby to promote thegeneral good of hu-
manity. Placed in this elevated position before the
world, let us exhibit an example which will infuse
hope and confidence into the hearts of all the peo-
ple. Let us carry our commerce, and with it our
civilization, our arts, and our freedom, into all
quarters of the globe. Wherever our ships shall
touch, especially wherever any regular "line shall
terminate, the light of a nobler polity than Eng-
land ever diffused will be shed around. Independ-
ence, self-reliance, and commercial enterprise will
be awakened, and in the promotion of our own
material interests, we shall likewise promote the
moral and material advancement of all people to
whom our intercourse shall be extended. We shall
not emulate the selfishness of English power; but,
