202
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 24,
31st Cong 2d Skss.
Mail Steamers to Africa—Mr. Stanton, of Tennessee.
Ho. of Reps.
extending a generous hand to all who are disposed
to meet lis as brothers in the great family of na-
tions, we shall strive to bind the world together by
the bonds of liberal intercourse, mutual interest,
and perpetual amity.
But we are told that this is a system which cre-
ates and upholds monopolies to the detriment of
private capitalists engaged in the same line of
trade. I assert the very reverse of this position.
So far from establishing a monopoly, I maintain
that the purpose of the policy is to break down
that formidable monopoly which Great Britain has
created,, or attempted to create, upon the various
lines of communication that come in conflict with
-our national interests. The English Government
pays the Cunard company $750,000 for carrying
the mails from Liverpool to New York; and it is
well understood that this amount is soon to be in-
creased, with the assurance of all furtheraid which
the competition of the Collins line may render ne-
cessary. She likewise pays to her West India
Company <£240,000, or about $1,250,000; and I
am told that the competition of privr.te capitalists
will be able to contend against these odds! Sir,
it is utterly impossible. We have the demonstra-
tion of this impossibility before our very eyes.
The Government of the United States has agreed
to pay the company owning the Collins line no
less than $385,000 per annum fi^r the mail service.
That company have built four magnificent ships,
which, in all the qualities of sea-going steamers,
have successfully contended with the best and
latest built of th<> Cunard vessels. And yet, with
all these advantages, and with this undoubted suc-
cess in model and machinery, it is notorious that,
owing to the active competition of the rival line,
the American company have sunk money during
the last year. The whole amount of their stock
lias not been subscribed, and I am informed that
they haveadebton account of capital amounting to-
more than $1,000,000. Although this stock is of-
fered to the public at par, it has not yet been taken,
and from present appearances is not likely to be.
Upon what safe ground, then, can it be asserted
that private capital can successfully contend
against British monopoly, or that it will even be
induced to make the attempt without the efficient 1
assistance of the American Government? Against
the mighty competition of the British Treasury,
whose stores are profusely lavished for the sup-
port of the British companies, and against the
great skill and experience of British engineers and
machinists, who have had the start of us in ocean
steamers for many years, it is indispensable that
the United States shall aid in commencing the sys-
tem, and supporting it with no niggardly hand,
until it shall become strong, vigorous, and capable I
of sustaining itself. Anything less than this would
be to fall below our destiny, and to yield the su-
premacy to our great rival without even a struggle.
For my part, sir, I shall never consent to this,
whatever clamors may be raised against a policy
which I believe to be intimately connected with
American honor and the highest American inter-
erts. It is not a question of establishing monop-
olies, but of putting them down by honorable com-
petition. It is a struggle between English su-
premacy upon the one side, and American equality
upon the other; and in this struggle 1 apprehend
every patriotic American will look to his Govern-
ment for prompt and vigorous action, without any
mean jealousy of the men who may be selected to
accomplish the great object.
In support of the general propriety of the policy
involved in these measures, you will allow me,
Mr. Chairman, to refer to one significant fact con-
nected with the legislation of your own State.
South Carolina has.made arrangements for estab-
lishing a line of steamers, fitted for war purposes,
to connect her with Europe. I have nothing to do
with her ulterior objects, although, I suppose, if I
were to assert that this measure is adopted in view
of the possible contingency of secession, her Rep-
resentatives here would not question the truth of
my remark. But I refer to the subject solely for
the purpose of strengthening my position, in regard
to the general policy of giving governmental aid
in the establishment of these great enterprises. I
plead the example of South Carolina as strictly in
point, both with regard to the public defence and
the commercial interests, which I hold to be pro-
moted by this policy. If gentlemen on this floor
from that section of the country, are found op-
posing the adoption of such a policy by the Gen-
eral Government, it must be upon grounds diffeftnt
from those which have heretofore been assumed
in debate. For if any consideration would justify
such a policy by South Carolina, they would be
much stronger in their application to the United
States.
An important question, however, arises as to
the extent to which we ought to carry this system.
Are we to attempt to enter into competition with
Great Britain, wherever she may have established
her mail steamers? By no means! But wherever
her monopolies cross the path of our commerce,
to the injury of American interests, and especially,
wherever her swarming fleets of steamers hover
upon our shores, or command our lines of trade,
we should be blind to every sense of duty, if we
did not prepare to meet her, regardless of expense.
The message of Mr. Polk, already quoted, evi-
dently looked to "the policy of augmenting the
number of this description of vessels," which, he
said, might be "indefinitely enlarged." There
are two objects which I think it would be wise to
keep steadily in view. One is to establish these
lines on all thegreat leading channels of our trade;
and the other is to diffuse the benefits as far as
possible, North and South, among all the large
commercial cities of the Union. We have already
lines connecting us with Europe. Can we neglect
South America? Can we overlook Asia ? Are we
prepared even to leave Africa out of the system?
No, sir! We cannot do justice to ourselves, and
fail to strengthen our commercial relations with
any one of these continents.
England is already preparing for a line of mail
steamers from Panama to A sia. While we are
dreaming af the riches of the East, and quarreling
over the expenditure of a few millions of money,
England is quietly laying the keels of the vessels
which are to command the trade of the Pacific. I
am told, also, that she is preparing to do the same
with regard to Africa. In short, she is filling up
all the channels of commerce with her steam lines,
while we are hesitating whether we shall not abol-
ish those we have already established. It was
only last year, sir, that an officer of the American
Navy was advocating a contract by our Govern-
ment with a British line of steamers to carry the
lViails from Panama to Valparaiso, along the west-
ern coast of South America. I would establish a
line of our own along that route. If any plan were
matured for that purpose, I would vote for it to-
day. Sir, we have no time to lose. In such a
controversy as this, time is one of the most import-
ant elements of success. The sooner we begin,
the sooner we shall en joy the benefits of the policy
—the sooner we shall participate in the advantages
which are now chiefly enjoyed by England.
One word here upon the subject of the finances.
We are told that the appropriations for the pres-
ent and the next fiscal year are enormous; and it
is said that the public debt is in danger of being
increased. I do not believe this to be the condi-
tion of our finances. On the contrary, I believe
with the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Mc-
Lane,] that we shall have a considerable balance
at the end of this year. But, however this may
be. neitherofthe two measures proposed byme will
require appropriations for some time to c.ome,
and they will not add to the expenditures of this
or the next fiscal year. And as to their ultimate
bearing upon the public Treasury, I firmly believe
that both of them will prove to be advantageous,
rather than the contrary. I know that in their
commencement, this will not be so; but I look to
the end with the utmost confidence in the result.
I shall not attempt to enter into any elaborate
exposition of the proposition for a line of steamers
from California to China, and for lines from Phila-
delphia and Norfolk to Europe. These two latter
cities have not yet participated in any expendi-
tures heretofore made for this purpose. If the sys-
tem should be maintained, they are entitled to
some of its advantages. The report, with which
the bill for this line was accompanied, pretty fully
sets forth my views in regard to it, and I do not
deem it necessary to add anything to what I have
there said. I consider, that the proposition stands
or falls with the general system. If any line of
steamers, whatever, is to be maintained by the aid
of this Government, I suppose it will be admitted,
on all hands, that one for the Pacific is indispens-
able. As to the details of the plan, they have al-
ready been the subject of some discussion and are
well understood. There has never been, and there
could not be, a contract offered, cheaper, or more
advantageous to the Government. This is palpa-
ble upon the face of the proposition, and I shall
not attempt to prove what I consider already suffi-
ciently well established. The only doubt any one
can have, will be whether the contractor would be
able to fulfill his contract upon the terms proposed.
The high character of Mr. Thompson, his expe-
rience in steam navigation, ship-building, and the
great stake which .he risks upon the issue, are en-
tirely sufficient to satisfy me on this point. I re-
peat, therefore, that the commercial importance of
this line is so great—indisputably so, upon every
consideration—that the proposition must be regard-
ed as standing or falling with the general policy
itself.
The African line, which I have had the honor to
report, stands upon grounds peculiar to itself. I
consider those grounds to be pf high national im-
portance, second to none other,although involving
some considerations, apart from the general policy
of maintaining these lines of steamers. I believe
the commercial importance of a connexion with
Africa is daily becoming better understood and
more highly appreciated. But I avow, frankly,
that it is the prospect of removing the free negroes
from this country which chiefly recommends the
scheme to my support. I have recently had occa-
sion to express my views upon this subject in a
short address before the American Colonization
Society, and I shall take the liberty of quoting these
remarks here as containing most of the grounds
upon which I advocate the passage of the bill. I
will add only a very few remarks in addition to
what I there said, in order to meet some objections
which I have since heard urged against the meas-
ure.
It is said these vessels will be likely to carry off
the fugitive slaves who have escaped, or may
hereafter escape, from their owners. The vessels
are to start from New York, Baltimore, and New
Orleans. Two out of three of these points are in
slave States, where every apprehension of the
kind stated will of course be groundless. In re-
gard to the other point, New York, I believe it is
well understood that public opinion there will fully
sustain the execution of the law for the surrender
of these £jgitives. If, therefore, it can be sup-
posed that runaway slaves would seek to fly to
Africa in the steamer which would leave New
York, nothing would be easier than to apprehend
them at the moment of embarkation. In truth,
since this vessel would necessarily have regular
t fixed days of departure, the slaveholder could not
require a better means of recovering his property
than would be here afforded, if indeed his slave
should seek to escape by this means.
But to put all doubts to rest upon this point, I
am authorized to say that the proposed contract-
ors are willing to bind themselves to pay the
value of all slaves carried away, and also to afford
every facility for discovering any who may be dis-
posed to go in their vessels. This, I think, is a
complete answer to the objection.
Is any slave State in the Union more interested
in this particular bearing of the measure than Vir-
ginia or Maryland? Are not these the States,
lying on the border between the two sections,
which have suffered, and are still suffering, most
severely from the loss of their property? And
yet it is well known that memorials have been
presented from every member of the Constitu-
tional Convention of Maryland, and from the
Governor and a large majority of the members
both of the Constitutional Convention and of the
Legislature of Virginia, recommending the adop-
tion of this very measure. I speak not of similar
memorials from Governors and Legislatures of Del-
aware, New Jersey, and Pennsylvania, for these
have less interest in this particular aspect of the
question. But without reference to these, which
on other points are entitled to great weight, I think
I am justified in saying that the views of the pub-
lic men of Virginia and Maryland upon this ques-
tion, in which they are more deeply and vitally
interested than those of any other State, ought to
be conclusive.
In regard to the expense of the contract to the
