1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
20^
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Mail Steamers to Africa—Mr. Stanton, of Tennessee.
Ho. op Reps.
Government, I believe it is a moderate compensa-
tion for the service contemplated. But a large'
portion of this will be reimbursed by the provision
which looks to the withdrawal of the squadron
we now maintain upon the coast of Africa for the 1
suppression of the slave trade. I consider the
position demonstrated, that the best, and perhaps
the only means of completely suppressing that
unlawful trade is by colonization. Now, if we
are authorized to keep up a squadron of eighty
guns, at large expense, for the accomplishment of 1
this humane object, may- we not do the same
thing by means of the proposed steamers? especi-
ally since it must be admitted that it will be far
more effectually done by them ? I believe, sir,
that the saving to be effected here, added to the
other advantages of the line in a commercial and
naval point of view, will eventually reimburse the
Government for every dollar of expenditure ne-
cessary for establishing it. With these addi-
tional remarks, I proceed to quote my views as
stated before the Colonization Society.
Mr. President, what I had proposed to myselfto speak
upon to-night, was a resolution to this effect:
" That the barmofly of the States of this Union would be
< promoted by the voluntary emigration of the free blacks,
< and that it would be sound policy on the part of the Gov-
1 eminent of the United States to adopt all efficient measures
* within the range of its acknowledged powers, for the en-
* couragement of African Colonization."
I can give only a meagre sketch of the arguments I had
intended to predentin support of this resolution. Bat r think
a few hints only will be necessary to sustain the first prop-
osition contained in it—that the harmony of the'States, the
peace and stability of the Union, would be promoted by the
successful accomplishment of the great objects, which this
society has been endeavoring lo carry out for die last thirty ,
years.
The subject connects itself, to some extent, with the great I
questions of policy and of sectional interests which have j
agitated the country for some years past, and which have 1
not yet ceased to operate injuriously upon our peaee and ;
prosperity. One of the most prominent causes of difficulty
between the north and the south, has been and is, the oper-
ation of that clause of the Constitution which requires the
surrender of fugitive slaves escaping into the free States. It
is here that the most palpable conflict occurs in the opin-
ions, feelings, and acts of the people of the two sections. It
 is here that the operation of the supreme law of the land
c6mes into actual contact with the religious, mora) and po-
litical prejudices of the people—in short it will be admitted
that here is the sorest place in the whole body-politic—the j
spot from whose inflammatory action, the irritation and
fever of existing maladies are spread throughout the length
and breadth of the land* I am far from saying this is the
only cause of difficulty: but it is one of the greatest, ac-
knowledged to be such, because it is upon this point that
the South has been most successful in establishing a direct
and undisputed infraction of her constitutional sights. {
I do not intend to discuss any party questions—to touch
any disputed points; much less to deal in denunciation of,
the opinions or conduct of any portion of the people of the ,
United States. My purpose is simply to signalize one of
the great evils under which our country Is now laboring, to
point out some of the most obvious causes of that evil, and
to show, in what manner and to what extent^ the great plan 1
of colonization offers a remedy for it.
I do not address myself to any man, North or South, who
prefers amputation—separation—rather than a restoration
of the general health. To all such men, I know well my j
views will be distasteful; but to every citizen who desires j
the return of peace to his distracted country—to every gen- '
nine friend of the Union, as it was in its commencement,
and as it ought to be in the future, they will at least afford
matter for serious reflection and examination.
Look at die vast number of free blacks in the United
States! X have not been able to ascertain the number
under the census of 1850; but I remember the estimate
made in the celebrated Texas letter of the Hon. Robert J.
Walker published in 1844. He estimated that according to
the rate of increase from 1790 to 1840, there would be iir
the six States of New York, Pennsylvania, New Jersey,
Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois alone, no less than four hun-
dred thousand free blacks in 1853; eighthundred thousand in
1865; and one million six hundred thousand in, 1890. The j
number of free blacks in the slave States is even greater than !
in the free States. Is this vast body of men, bound together i'
by the tics of a common origin, a common color, and a com- '
mon condition, without influence upon the destinies of the
American people ? As there is no body In the physical uni- ',
verse of any appreciable magnitude, which does not exert
an influence upon every other body in the universe, greater ,
or less, in proportion to its less or greater distance, it must
be palpable to the mind of every one that this great num-
ber of free blacks, increasing in so fearful a ratio, must ex-
ercise a powerful moral influence for good or evil upon
every interest in the country. Is that influence beneficial or
deleterious? Can any one hesitate upon this point? I j
think you have been already convinced to-night that the ]'
unfortunate condition of this people is highly unfavorable
lo their own progress, and it must therefore be injurious to
Americon society and institutions. I go further. I main- i
tain that tins part of our population is a great element of .
discord and of danger—that it ought to be removed—must ,
be removed from our borders, if the peace and harmony of 1:
our country are to be maintained.
It is not difficult to show how this discordant influence is
exerted, in the existing condition of the North and the
south. It is the existence of this vast number of free [|
blacks, in the slaveholding as well as in the non-slavehold-
ing States, with ah the vices and evil inclinations resulting
fromAheir position, that constitutes the great example—the
powerful incitement which renders the slaves of the south-
ern States unhappy and dissatisfied with their condition,
inducing them, under the allurement of delusive hopes, to
escape from their owners and to fly to evils which they
know not of. So palpable is this influence, and so inju-
rious is considered the presence and example of free ne-
groes, that in many of the slaveholding States, emancipa-
tion is prohibited, except upon condition of the removal of
the freed man beyond their limits. In some of the free
States too, I observe, the policy of excluding the black man
is seriously agitated—an agitation which would scarcely
exist if it were not a conceded fact that the influence of
this unfortunate class of people is evil there, as well as
among the slaves themselves.
But it is not only in exciting the slave to escape and to
seek a liberty for which he is not prepared, that the evil
influence of this population is exerted. The free negroes
in the border States, and indeed in alt the free States,
afford means of concealment to the fugitive slave which
would not exist if the free blacks were fewer, or if there
were none at all. If there were none at all, the fugi-
tive would be easily distinguished and readily traced.
As it is now, he is concealed, lost, and hurried away,
undistinguished amidst the crowds of his own color,
whose natural sympathies are enlisted to shield him from
pursuit. I say natural sympathies; fhr I cannot condemn
a feeling which springs from the strongest instinct of hu-
man nature, however unfortunate may be its effects as a
cause of irritation between the two sections.
^ It is this deep instinctive sympathy, also, which arrays
in opposition to the execution of the laws, those excited
crowds of black men, which have sometimes rescued the
fugitive slave by open violence, trampling alike upon the
rights of the owner and the laws and Constitution of the
land. I do not believe this would ever be done by white
* men alone. They may be drawn in by the excitement to
assist the biaek man in rescuing his brother; but the ex-
citement itself must first spring from that strong sympathy,
which none can feel so deeply as men of the same race
and color. Here then we have the origin and most power-
ful incentive of that spirit of resistance to the laws which
has oflate been so baneful to the peace and b&rmony of the
j States. Is not the remedy plain? And what is the pros-
I pect, if the remedy—the obvious remedy of colonization—
1 be not applied ? Must not the evil go on still increasing?
Will it not inevitably grow beyond the Control of any au-
thority in the Government ? I must confess, I see no possi-
, We escape from the many terrible evils which I have at-
; tempted to describe, except by promoting the great and
; benevolent objects of this Society.
| I repeat, that without this, the evil will continue to grow,
j and will strengthen in geometrical proportion to the increase
of this population. The contact of the free negroes with
the white people of the northern States, tends to foster and
keep alive the spirit of abolition. Without the continual
presence of a large portion of the Mack race, there would
he little for this excitement to feed upon; and fanaticism,
becoming merely theoretical, would be shorn of its greatest
danger. The objects of false sympathy would be removed
to a greater distance; the symbols and exemplars of a de-
, graded race would be no longer before the eyes of misguid-
ed philanthropists, and blind passion might be expected
eventually to give place to the dominion of truth and rea-
son.
I refrain fVom pursuing the subject further. I will not
look to that dark but not distant future, when in some of
the largest of the free States, this population shall have
grown powerful in numbers, demanding the elective fran-
chise, and when perhaps political parties, in the pbrensy of
their excitement, shall bid for their influence and make
them a power in the State. They may hold the balance of
power in these larger States, and through them in the
Union. With all their capacity for mischief, through the
mistaken sympathy they are calculated to inspire for the
i slave of the South, it is impossible to estimate the amount
of discord and of injury they must inevitably produce.;
among the States. I forbear, I say, to pursue these reflec- <
tions. I merely glance at the considerations which sustain i
the position assumed, that the removal of the free blacks :
will promote the harmony of the States of the Union.
I But it is said, the removal of this population from the '
northern States will produce a vacuum which will be again
filled up, by new accessions of runaway slaves. This can- i
not be the result The tendency will be precisely the re- 1
verse. I have already shown that the inducements to
escape and the means of concealment will both be lessened, '
and the influence of emigration to Africa will be adverse to
the movement which would carry the negro race from the
South to the North. That movement of itself is unnatural,
and cannot continue after you shall have taken away the
attraction and the security afforded by the presence of a
large number of blacks in their present place of refuge.
The hopes of the black man will be no longer fixed upon
the northern States; they will be turned, where they ought
to be turned, to the shores of Africa, the native land of bis
fathers. Thus will a new sentiment be created and fostered
in the minds of both the white and the black race—the sen-
timent which will restore the black man who is fit for lib-
erty to a clime more congenial to his nature, and where the
faculties with which God has endowed him, may be devel-
oped to their highest "capacity. The beauty—the glory of
this sentiment is, that it promises fourfold blessings—it |
promises repose and security to the slaveholding States; '
relief from a degraded and miserable population to the non- <
slaveholding States; elevation, improvement, and prosper-
ity to the free blacks themselves; and, finally, peaee and
stability to the Union.
I have heard one other objection raised by southern men
against the plan of colonization. I have heard them say
they were opposed to relieving the northern States from the
curse of this population, but they wished it to remain and ,
increase, in order that those States might be punished for j
their hostility to southern institutions. Even if this were a j
generous and patriotic sentiment, unfortunately the evil in-
voked would prove to be a double-edged sword, and would
react upon the South itself, with an injury even greater
than that inflicted upon the North, This I have already
shown. Causes of irritation would be multiplied, bitter
hostilities would be engendered, slavery itself would be im-
mediately threatened^ and civil war might eventually draw
its bloody curtain over the horrible drama. God save our
country from such disasters!
But I hasten to consider, briefly, the other proposition
contained in my resolution, and to endeavor to show that
the Government of the United States has power to aid in
the great objects proposed bf this Society. If I have been
at all successful in the line of argument already pursued, it
follows inevitably, from these premises, that the policy pro-
posed becomes a matter of self preservation to the Govern-
ment of the United States. If you deny the existence of
this power, then you take from the Government that indis-
pensable right without which no Government upon earth
can maintain its existence—that right which is a law of the
highest necessity to individuals, as well as to nations—the
right of self-preservation. I do not mean the right to main-
tain itself in the exercise of unconstitutional authority: but *
I mean the right by all appropriate means to secure to itself
the ability, under all circumstances, to fulfill its constitu-
tional obligations and to perform its constitutional functions.
If it be necessary to remove the tVee black population, in
order that the Government may have the ability to maintain
in full force the constitutional provision for the extradition
of fugitive slaves, then the Government must have the
power to accomplish that object. If it were necessary to
overthrow a State for that purpose—in order tomaintainthe
supremacy of the law and the Constitution, it would be the
duty of the Government to do it.
If it has not been upon this ground—to maintain the rights
and just powers of tne States, and the free and unincum-
bered working of the constitutional functions of the Federal
Government—that it has assumed and exercised the au-
thority to remove various tribes of native Indians, then I
cannot conceive upon what ground such authority has been
maintained. I have been wholly unable to draw the distinc-
tion between "the removal of the Indians and the removal of
the free black race. Nor am I aware that the power to do
this has ever been seriously, certainly not successfully,
questioned.
The Constitution of the United States confers upon the
Government the power to suppress insurrection. I need
not say, that with the increase of this population—a distinct
caste, so closely united by the profoundest sympathies—the
greatest danger of insurrection to be apprehended in our
country, wijl come either directly or indirectly from that
quarter. Must the Government wait until the torch of civil
war has been lighted ? Must it wait until the gutters of our
cities are filled with blood; when it may be too late to extin-
guish conflagration, and when the footsteps of lawful power
may be insecure upon the streets, made slippery by the gore
of the citizens ?
There are also those great powers, which, during the
whole history of man, from his creation down to the present
time, have been uppermost and greatest in all Governments
—1 mean the war powers. Hitherto, until a very recent
period, these powers have been looked upon merely as in-
. struments of destruction, or, at best,as instruments of at-
, tack and defence, by which the energies and resources of
nations have been exhausted in bloody struggles. But in
latter years, has occurred in the moral world a phenome-
non, somewhat similar to that striking one which has been
1 witnessed in the physical world. For long ages, that gff at
element which exhibits itself in the jagged lightning, and
i speaks in its voice of thunder, was looked upon solely as the
symbol of terror and the agent of destruction. But now
the thunderbolt is tamed. It is conducted harmlessly to
the ground; it is led along the telegraphic wire, and conveys
instantaneous information for thousands of miles; it will
be chained and harnessed to the car, and made a motive
power for the use and benefit of man; -it will be used to
produce light and beat, and applied to a thousand useful
purposes in the economy of life. So it has come to be, to
some extent, with the thunderbolt of war. Hitherto its
course has been marked by the mangled bodies of its myriad
victims, and by the shattered institutions of vanquished na-
tions. Every sea has been crimsoned with human blood,
•id a thousand rich argosies have gone down into the deep,
.before its desolating blast. But a great and beneficent
* change has commenced. The vast means necessary to em-
ploy «md maintain armies and navies, have beeu hitherto
scattered and wasted in prodigious exhibitions of national
power, which bring little or no return of advantage. The
transformation about to be effected is to change this mighty
current into channels of commerce, to promote the friendly
and profitable intercourse of nations. We have already es-
tablished lines of steamers, fitted for war purposes, yet
transporting the mail, and carrying our commerce to some
of the most important points on the Globe. These are the
telegraphic lines of the oc#ean. We have one more to es-
tablish—one pole of which shall touch the shore of unhappy
Africa, and pour inth her sleeping bosom a flood of light,
intelligence, civilization, commerce, and Christianity, elec-
trifying her, not into mere galvanic life, but to that " re-
demption," "regeneration," and "disenthrallment," for
which you, Mr. President, and this Society, have been so
long, so earnestly, and so faithfully laboring. (Applause.)
In regard to the proposition for the establishment of a line
of steamers to Africa, introduced by myself into Congress,
and to which you have done me the honor to refer, in terms
of some commendation, I have only to say, that having be-
come identified with that measure, and believing it to be
one of great importance to the best interests of all sections
of the country, I shall pursue it, with the best energies I
possess, until my efforts shall be rewarded with success, or
paralyzed by failure. (Applause.)
I take occasion to observe that my proposition does not
involve any direct action on the part of the Government
in the removal of the free blacks. It does not, therefore,
go to the extent to which I have gone in my argument, and
it mightbe still admissible, even if that argument was incon-
