204
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 24,
31st (Jong 2d Sess.
Agricultural Bureau—Mr. JSewell.
Ho. of Reps.
elusive. The Government has already given aid to se\eial
lines of mail steamers, established to run between this
country and other parts of the world. Those steamers may
carry white or black men to Europe ; and I have not yet
heard questioned the power of the Government to give the
aid which it has given 4to these important lines of commu-
nication. Nothing more b asked tort'ic African line. We
do not propose to jorce the free blacks to go; and the ar-
rangi'in^nt proposed between the contractors and the Col-
onisation Society need not involve the Government to any
extent, except to give thus indirectly its assistance to a
great scheme for benevolent intercourse with Africa. It is
quite as competent for the Government to employ for its
own peculiar service, postal or naval, a vessel engased m
carrying emigrants to Africa, as one engaged in carrying
bales or cotton or of merchandise, and passengers, to and
from Euiope. The principle is the same in both cases.
But the African Jine promises to accomplish more than any
other hitherto established. Independent of the advantages
of colonisation, both to the white and black races, this pro-
ject will eventually save to the United States the vast ex-
pense of the Afncan squadron, maintained for the suppres-
sion of the slave trade, and will open up to our people new
fields of commercial enterprise.
In reference to the persons whose names are connected
with this enterprise as the proposed contractors, they aie
no more to me than any other individuals. They have the
intelligence, the capacity, and the enterprise to carry out
the plan ; and they have the further merit of having been
the fir-t to originate the important idea involved in the
meagre, and, as an inventor is entitled to the benefit of his
Invention, they are entitled to precedence, if their proposi-
tion be fair and reasonable, and not inferior in advantage to
others subsequently mule. Some rival schemes have been
presented, net, in my judgment, superior in any respect to
the one originally projected. This was anxiously consid-
ered, and I hope wisely matured, in the committee of which
i had the honor to be a member. It ought not to be shorn
of any of its propoitions; and if it pass at all, I hope it
will pass without any material alteration to diminish its
extent and efficiency.
From the considerations thus hastily sketched, I have
been induced to present and support the proposition for
the Afncan line of steamers. With your powerful suppoit,
Mr. President, which t am assured from what you have
said to-night will not be withheld, and with some-little favor
from one in a still more distinguished position, (turning to
the President of the United States,) whose influence may
be expected to have much weight, I earnestly hope this im-
portant measure will soon be adopted—not as a measure
evclu'-ivclv for the benefit ofthe North, or of the South, but
as one full of interest to all sections of the land, bearing
" healing on its wings" to the Union of the States, and
fraught with blessings to two hemispheres. (Applause.)
AGRICULTURAL BUREAU.
SPEECH OF H0N7 W. A. NEWELL,
of new jersey,
In the Hocse of Representatives,
Monday, February 24, 1851,
In favor of the purchase of Mount Vernon and
the establishment of an Agricultural Bureau.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on the state
of t'fle Union, (Mr. Burt in the chair,) and having under
consideration the Civil and Diplomatic Bill—
Mr. NEWELL said:
Mr. Chairman: It is not my intention to speak
upon the bill now legitimately before the commit-
tee, but availing myself of the latitude usually al-
lowed to debate when in Committee of the Whole •
on the state of tlie Union, I will proceed to make
a few remarks upon that portion of the report of the
Secretary of the Interior which relates to the estab-
lishment of an Agricultural Bureau, and the pur-
chase of the Mount Vernon estate by the Govern-
ment. This latter project has been frequently
mentioned by the press in various sections of the
country, and everywhere, so far as my knowledge
extends, has been entertained with favor by the
people, and petitions, signed by thousands of our
citizens in almost every State, have been presented
to Congress praying its action. A variety of pub-
lic uses have been suggested in order to bring the
purchase of Mount Vernon by the Government
within the range of its constitutional powers. I
am not amongst those who' have scruples on this
point. I believe the Constitution, excepting its
prohibitions, confers upon the people's Represen-
tatives power to do whatever the people desire to
have done, and that an object like this needs not
the cover of any collateral design, but may be at-
tained with no other avowed purpose than that of
making the estate and the tomb of Washington
the property of the nation.
But, sir, I think it highly desirable,also, for the
advancement of agriculture that this estate, or so
much of it as may be deemed useful to this end,
may be converted into an agricultural school, and
those who have no scruples about supporting the
Academips at West Point and Annapolis, will not
object, I trust, to a sort of peace establishment at
Mount Vernon. Agriculture was Washington's
pursuit, and it is the occupation of three fourths
of our constituents. We cannot add to its dignity,
but we may essentially promote its interests'by
creating a bureau and school of agriculture; and I
hazard nothing in saying that such an establish-
ment will effect more good in a single year after
they are fairly in operation than can be accom- j
plished by the dissemination of Patent Office re-
ports, such as we have had, to the end of time,
while they may be made much less expensive.
The reason urged for publishing the extravagant
number of these voluminous reports has invari-
ably been the promotion of agriculture, and Con-
gress has been doing, indirectly and inefficiently,
that which ought'long since to have been done
openly and systematically. There is no reason
why the Patent Office should be made the medium
of agricultural intelligence, nor can it be thus used
without detriment to the immediate purpose of its
establishment. All that it has done in this direc-
tion has been so loosely done—being regarded as
a matter of secondary consequence only—that it
has, in truth, had a tendency to bring ridicule and
disrepute upon agriculture. A few years since,
one of these large reports was chiefly made up of
a multitude of letters from all parts of the country,
showing that everybody's potatoes had rotted, and
that nobody could tell the cause of it—a fact which
might have been learned by looking at any of the
newspapers. I am happy to say, however, that
there has been a decided improvement in this
document since, and that the agricultural report
for the year 1849 is really worth the extensive cir-
culation it will have. If there be any who are
still disposed to sneer at this branch of national ,
! interest, and to inquire what good can be effected I
j by the means proposed, I can only answer that j
; they are behind the age in not understanding what
I will soon be generally conceded, viz: that agri-
culture is now as much a scientific, as mechanical
pursuit, and that the importance of rightly direct-
ing the energies of the people in this engrossing
occupation cannot be overrated. No doubt there
will be found some farmers even who will look
with suspicion upon the aid which is proffered
them in this measure, and it will still be safe to
predict that they will be confirmed in their jeal-
ousy and distrust by time-serving politicians, who
will not fail to urge that all this is only another
scheme for creating places and expenditures by ,
the Government.
The tenth part of what the Florida war cost, or
a little more than the hundredth part of the cost
of the Mexican war, will furnish the means for es-
tablishing a bureau and an agricultural school at
Mount Vernon, and leave a surplus, from the in-
terest of which both may be continued forever.
These, in my opinion, sir, are highly meritorious
objects, and it is time that our attention was turned
to the pursuits of peaceful life. The people will
thank us for a new example. They will take fresh
courage in home industry. They will learn with
gratification and delight that Congress, at whose
meeting they have come to look upon with an un-
defined dread of mischief, instead of voting money
for foreign war and conquest, or wrangling about
the division of territory and the overthrow of the
Union, have at length healed all dissensions, and
consecrated the period of their return to the old
relation of fraternity over the tomb of Washing-
Ion , which, with the estate where it lies, they had
made the property of the nation. This would be
a glorious consummation; and let me say to those
who have had fears of theUnion—which I for one
never had, in the most remote degree—or who still
entertain doubts of its permanency, that such a
testimonial from the people's Representatives will
do more to reestablish harmony and confidence
than all the acts of those potential and patriotic
guardians of the Republic—the Union Safety Com-
mittees, or than all the resolutions which may be
passed at the Union meetings, North and South, for
the next half century. The people will have more
convincing evidence in such a measure, of the sin-
cerity of our attachment to the Union than could
be furnished by multiplied pledges and professions,
though sanctioned by the whole retinue of scram-
bling politicians. There may, and doubtless are,
propositions before us, of more magnitude and
immediate utility than this which I now urge for
the benefit of the country; but, sir, there is no act
which we can perform, certainly none of which I
can conceive, which will be as widely felt, so
strongly impressed upon the minds of the people,
so universally understood and commended, as the
purchase of Mount Vernon, even if it be for no
other purpose than to make the nation the custo-
dian of its silent tenant. The present occupant of
the estate is so pressed upon by visitors from all
parts of our wide-spread land, as I am informed,
and can partly testify from personal observation,
that he is cut off from the enjoyment of home re-
tirement and domestic privacy, and his abode,
the former dwelling-place of Washington, is as
much regarded by those who go there as public
property, as the White House or the Patent Of-
fice, or any of the public Departments in this city.
We have reason to rejoice at the fact, that this
concourse of pilgrims to the tomb of Washington
is becoming every year more numerous, for it
evinces a healthy tone of patriotism, it shows a
love of country which is likely to survive many
blasts of disunion.
In a course of lectures, recently delivered in
England by the Earl of Carlisle—better known
here as Lord Morpeth, and remembered by many
around me, for he was frequergly admitted to
the courtesy of a seat upon this floor—the noble
lord passes some strictures, perhaps not wholly
unmerited, but in some respects grossly incorrect
as to their foundation, upon the neglect of our
Government in relation to the precious relics of
Washington. He says: "The tomb is a sad af-
'fair for such a man; it is placed under a glaring red
' building, something between a coach-house and a
' cage. The Senate once procured the consent of
'the family to have it removed to the Capitol,
j ' when a bricklayer, a laborer, and a cart, arrived,
; ' one morning, to take it off, at which the indigna-
' tion of the family naturally arose." This latter
part, I am informed, is pure fiction. To one like
him, accustomed to the pomp and grandeur of
Westminster Abbey, and the numerous churches
of his native land,
"Where through the long drawn aisle, and fretted vault,
The pealing anthem swells the note of praise,"
it may well seem strange that the dust of Wask- «
ington reposes in such silent obscurity. But the
records of his greatness will endure, when the ten-
ants of Westminster Abbey are forgotten; and the
future student of history will dwell longer upon
his deeds and virtues, than upon any of "the long
line of emperors and kings whose memories are
embalmed with sceptre, and crowns, and mauso-
leum. Lord Morpeth is mistaken in supposing
that the Senate alone passed a resolution upon the
subject of the removal of Washington's remains to
this Capitol. The resolution was passed by Con-
gress; but Mr. John A. Washington, the propri-
etor of Mount Vernon, declined acceding to the
request; and did wisely, I think; for although I
desire to see their guardianship transferred to the
Government, the remains themselves should be
undisturbed. They should rest in the place of his
choice, at his own Mount Vernon, whose banks
are washed by his own loved Potomac, where the
traveler, as he passes, stands uncovered, and the
steamboat strikes her bell; and the spot around
them, the mansion in which he lived, the grounds
which he tilled, should be rescued from decay and
deterioration, and be adorned with all the beauty
and fertility which art and labor can achieve.
I will take the liberty to say here, sir, that very
many of the remarks made by the Earl upon the
occasion referred to, were gross misstatements,
and exaggerations of the facts; a proper return,
however, for the fulsome adulation and sycophan-
tic admiration with which the lordly aristrocrats,
and the hireling scribblers of England, sent hither
by their masters to defame our country and rid-
icule republican institutions, are overwhelmed by
some of our citizens, our corporations, and our
Government.
The accomplished Secretary of the Interior, in
his recent annual report embodies a distinct rec-
ommendation for the establishing of an Agricul-
tural Bureau, and for the purchase, in connection
therewith, of Mount Vernon. The President also
indorses the former recommendation, and would,
doubtless, give his hearty sanction to the latter.
The Secretary enforces the recommendation for a
Bureau of Agriculture, by quoting the language of
Washington himself upon this subject, which is
contained in the last annual message of the Father
