206
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 19,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
The future policy of the Government—Mr. Clingman.
Ho. or Reps.
whose guidance our Fathers quarried into the
blessings of Liberty from the rough rock of Rev-
olution.
It would be presumptuous in me, sir, to arro-
gate to myself, or those whom I ,have the honor
to represent here, any exclusive or excessive share
of patriotic ardor, but let me add, that while the
measure which I advocate has been recommended
by the Secretary of the Interior, a son of "Virginia,
it is not unfitting that its consideration should be
further pressed by one within whose district are
embraced the fields of Trenton, Princeton, and
Monmouth—names that associate themselves with
Washington as readily as Mount Vernon itself.
I have no hope, sir, that anything will be accom-
plished in this matter during the present session;
indeed, 1 failed, a day or two since, to get a refer-
ence of a resolution of inquiry into the expedien-
cy of the measure; but I have made these few
remark with a view to the future. I was unwilling
that the recommendations of the Secretary of the
Interior should find no response upon this floor;
and I am of the opinion that if time admitted,
there would be a majority of this House in favor
of giving it effect. In conclusion, sir, I desire to
thank the Secretary, both in behalf of my constit-
uents and for myself, for bringing this subject" be-
fore the nation. I trust that he will persevere in
this matter, and that his efforts may be crowned
with success.
THE FUTURE POLICY OF THE GOVERNMENT.
SPEECH OF HONTT. L. CLINGMAN,
of north carolina,
In the House of Representatives,
Saturday, February 15, 1851.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, (Mr. Bdei, in the chair,) and having under
consideration the bill making appropriations for the im-
provement of certain rivers and harbors—
Mr. CLINGMAN said:
Mr. Chairman: A wide range has been taken
by those gentlemen who have embarked in the de-
bate on this bill. Among the subjects discussed by
them, is one great question directly connected in
its relation to the immediate subject-matter. Be-
fore speaking to the bill itself, I propose to direct
the attention of the committee to this preliminary
question. This measure, if it should pass, will
make a heavy demand on the Treasury. With
our other liabilities we shall almost certainly have
a deficiency of revenue. This is so generally ad-
mitted, that we have already had before us prop-
ositions to change the existing revenue laws, with
a view, as the movers allege, of increasing the
amount derived by the existing duties on imports.
It was formerly the practice, when an increase of
the tariff was attempted, to allow a full discussion
before the House was brought to a vote on the
measure. A different mode, however, is now re-
sorted to by the friends of higher duties. Their
propositions are brought up at a time and in a
mode when no debate can be had. We are thus
required to vote on measures of the gravest mo-
ment, and affecting the vital interests of the whole
country, without one word of explanation by their
friends or of objection by opponents. I shall,
therefore, in the first place ask the attention of the
committee to this branch of the subject, in order
that the principles which govern my action may
be indicated to the House and the country.
You well remember, Mr. Chairman, that at the
close of the last session of Congress, the gentle-
man from Ohio before me, [Mr. Vinton,] intro-
duced a proposition which, if passed into a law,
would have added more than a hundred per cent,
to many of the existing taxes, and would have
increased all of them. He moved the previous
question, and had friends enough to carry it, and
thus cut off all debate and brought the House at
once to a direct vote. The movement, however,
notwithstanding all the preparation and effort of
its friends, failed for the want of two or three votes
only.
On that occasion I was, in connection with one
of my colleagues, denounced by a portion of the
press—attributing to us, properly no doubt, the
defeat of the measure. We were charged with
having misrepresented the views of our party and
State. Sine# then, however, North Carolina lias
spoken on the subject through the action of her
Legislature, by a vote unanimous in one House,
and with but two dissentients in the other. Our
position on that occasion has been fully sustained.
Not only did the Legislature impliedly thus de-
nounce that particular proposition, but it has gone
so far as to condemii any increase of duties and all
additional protection to the mining and manufac-
turing interests of the northern States. With the
general propositions embraced in their resolutions,
I fully concur, and shall hold myself ready at all
times to maintain substantially their truth and jus-
tice. Repeated attempts have been made, Mr.
Chairman, to make this subject of the tariff a mere
party question. Such efforts have in practice failed
to be successful. For example: when the tariff
act of 1842, often called the " Whig tariff" was
enacted, it was passed with the opposition of al-
most the entire South. With the exception of one
or two gentlemen only, the entire Whig and Dem-
ocratic parties of that section were found voting ,
against it. It was carried nevertheless by the joint
effort of the northern Whigs and Democrats, em-
bracing most of the leading men of the latter party
then in Congress.
When the bill of 1846, the present law, was
passed, it received the vote of a single southern
Whig, my friend from Alabama on my right [Mr.
Hilliard.] To the tariff of 1824 and 1828,1 need ,
hardly say that the entire body of the southern
delegations were opposed. It is true, however,
Mr. Chairman, that southern Whigs have defend-
ed and sustained tariffs, not only for revenue but
also for protection as an incident upon certain
principles. In 1844, in the debate with Dr. Dun-
can, of Ohio, while defending the action of the
Whig party with reference to this question and
assailing that of the northern Democracy, and
while stating the principles which it seemed to me
ought to govern legislation on this subject, I de-
clined to commit myself to the support of the tariff
as it then stood, as a permanent measure, and left
myself free to vote for its modification as I might
subsequently think proper. When questioned
three years since by a committee appointed by the
Democratic members of the Legislature of North
Carolina, in relation to the existing tariff law, I
not only refused to pledge myself to its support,
but expressed the opinion that it needed modifica-
tion, and declared my purpose to sanction such
changes as I might regard proper and necessary
at any future day. The support, Mr. Chairman,
heretofore given to the tariff policy by southern
statesmen, seems to have rested on the follow-
ing grounds: In the first place, as I had occasion
to bring to the attention of the House, three years i
since, there was in the Convention which formed ]
the Federal Constitution, a direct bargain between ]
the representatives of the northern and southern !,
States. It was agreed that in consideration of the
importation of slaves being permitted up to the i
! year 1808, of the representation of three fifths of
the slaves generally, and of the delivering up of
; the fugitives, all of which concessions were made i.
! i at the solicitation of southern members, that they '
should consent, on their part, that the Congress
should in accordance with the wishes of the North
have the power by a mere majority vote to pass
navigation or tariff laws. While, therefore, the
stipulations for the benefit of the slave interest
were faithfully carried out, we of the South felt
that we were under strong obligations on our part
to assent to such a policy as might be liberal and
fair to northern interests, and in some instances
, even submitted to exactions greatly beyond any-
thing that they could reasonably have claimed. «
In the second place, at the time when our pro-
tective policy had its origin, we were surrounded 1
and hemmed in by the restrictive systems of those
nations with which we had most commercial in-
tercourse. It was deemed, therefore, by Mr.
Jefferson and others, a wise policy to countervail
the oppressive tariffs of foreign countries by retal-
iatory laws, within certain limits upon our part.
In the third place, it was contended that we
ought to give such encouragement to our manu-
facturing establishments during their earlier stages,
as might be necessary to give them a fair start in
the race of competition with the rest of the world.
In the language of Mr. Calhoun, in his speech in
1816, " to put them beyond contingency," or as
j| Mr Clay maintained in 1833, 14 to nurse them -
during their infancy, and until having come to
manhood, they might be able to take care of them-
selves."
A fourth reason relied on in support of the sys-
tem was this, that we ought to make ourselves
sufficiently independent of foreign nations to be
able to produce within ourselves whatever was
really necessary to our existence and comfort as
a nation, and hence certain interests ought to be
fostered, even at the cost of temporary inconve-
nience, until we were sufficiently independent to
escape essential injury by the interruption of
friendly relations with any Power.
These classes of reasons embrace, substantially,
the grounds upon which the doctrine of incidental
protection has been sustained at the South. I know
that other arguments have been used by the man-
ufacturers of the North, but the argument in sup-
port of the system with us, will be found in the
main included within these propositions. How,
then, Mr. Chairman, stands the question to-day
tried by these principles ? And, first, in what con-
dition is the slave interest of the South? I do not
now intend to revive the discussion of the ques-
tions which occupied the time ®f this House du-
ring the last session. The friends of the measures
then enacted seek to avoid discussion and depre-
cate agitation on these topics. Let them have their
way, then, as far as I am concerned. I shall be
ready, however, at any time, to meet in debate
any friend of those measures, but I am willing to
wait until the discussion is thus opened. It is suf-
ficient for my present purpose to say, that with
reference to the legislation over the territory ac-
quired from Mexico, the bills then passed were, in
my judgment, not as their friends claim for them,
measures of compromise, but. bills of surrender. In
their legal operation they exclude the slaveholders
of the South from the occupation of every foot
of that territory. This is the settled opinion of
every northern member of either party on this
floor. It is also the opinion of a majority of south-
ern men. I do not mean to say, sir, that it is ab-
solutely certain that slavery may not get into por-
tions of that territory. The famous ordinance.of
1787 was not sufficient to prevent a number of
slaves from going into the State of Indiana. This
same ordinance, and the free constitution of the
State of Illinois, did not prevent its Legislature
from attempting, and actually passing, by a two-
thirds vote, a proposition so to change its consti-
tution as to make it a slaveholding State. Such is
the force and energy of our slaveholding popula-
tion that it may penetrate into the whole or por-
tions of this territory, in despite of the obstruc-
tion of Mexican laws and other regulations.
What I mean to assert is, that according to the
legal effect of those measures, and the intentions of
a majority of those who passed them, the South,
as a section, has been entirely excluded from the
occupation of that territory. Even the friends of
the measures in the portion of the Union from
which I come, do not pretend to justify them.
They only affirm that they are not so objection-
able in their character as to authorize revolutionary
resistance. The only issue they are willing to join
is, that they do not justify disunion, and that the
Government ought not to be overthrown in conse-
quence of their passage. They declare, too, with
tne utmost earnestness, that they will join us in
resisting any further aggression, even at the haz-
ard of a revolution. It is because the cup of our
wrongs is filled to the brim that one single drop
will cause it to run over. We all feel that the
action of the North upon this subject has not
been what we had a right to expect. There is
also just ground for complaint in relation to the
surrender of fugitive slaves. Many of the north-
ern States, instead of passing laws to facilitate
the execution of this provision of the Constitu-
tion, have actually placed on their statute books
enactments calculated and intended to obstruct the
exercise of our right. Looking, therefore, at the
recent legislation on the whole subject of slavery,
I concur fully in the declaration of the North Car-
olina Legislature, that w{ are under no obligation
to extend additional protection to the mining and
manufacturing interests of the North. I am wil-
ling to do them justice, but not favors. I will not
consent, for their benefit, to imp.ise greater bur-
dens on other classes.
Let us look now at the second of tlnse reasons.
