1351.]
APPENDIX TO THE CON««iiSSK>NAL GLOBE.
209
31st Cono 2d Sess.
The future policy of the Government—Mr. Clingman. Price $1 50 re it this Session.
he invested in manufacturing. The othersouthern i
States are doubtless in a similar condition. Our
Kutheniers have abundance of money to expend
for purposes of basi; ess or pleasure. We shall,
therefore, 1 think, at no distant day, work up a
large, if not the ^renter portion, of our cotton into
manufactured fabrics. Should this opinion of
mine be w/ !l founded, it is obvious that no duties
which we coald impose would long enable the
New England factories to sustain themselves in
competition with us. They would find it their
interest to z<> into such finer fabrics as we would
not produce for some time to come, or into new
employments. I hare no apprehension that a
people so intelligent, energetic, and enterprising as
they are, will fail to find means of sustaining them-
selves in comfort and prosperity.
If I object now to the imposition of high pro-
tective duties for their immediate benefit, it is be-
cause I regard such a line of policy as adverse to
the general interests of the country. I admit the
advantage of manufacturing establishments to all
classes of persons in their vicinity; but they must
be such establishments as can sustain themselves
without the aid of heavy burdens imposed on
other interests. Few .persons appreciate the entire
amount of the burden which our system has im-
posed on the country. This has arisen very much
from the circumstance which I formerly had oc-
casion to advert to, thftt there had been a ereat
gradual decline in the prices of all manufactured
articles. This has prevented complaint among
our people, because they did not know* that the
reduction in the prices of these articles has been
even greater in other countries than in our own.
€ have also thought, that the opponents of the
protective system erred, hi endeavoring to repre-
sent it as a southern and northern question, there-
by giving adventitious strength to the manufac-
turing interests. The northwestern States suffer
in the same manner, and to a similar extent, with
those of the South.
To make this manifest, let us look for a mo-
ment at the practical operation of the system.
Last year the Government received about forty i
millions in duties. Remember that this sum,
however, was paid by the importers. When
they sold to the wholesale dealers they received
on their whole expenditure, including the duties
paid, a profit of from seven to ten or more per
cent. When the wholesale merchant sold to the,
retail dealer, he received a similar profit. When
die retail dealers sold to the consumers—their cus-
tomers—they added usually not less than fifty per ;
cent, on the whole cost of them. It is obvious, j
therefore, that by the time these goods came to I
the hands of the consumers of the country gene- I
rally, they were, in consequence of the forty mil- j
lions paid to the Government, enhanced in value
to the consumers to the amount of at least seven- ;
ty-five millions. The more remote the consumer
from the point of importation, and the greater the
number of hands through which the article would 1
have to pass to reach him, the higher the per- ,
eentage, and of course, the heavier the burden. 1
As the Government actually realized the sum :
stated, it is obvious that the additional eost to the
consumers must have occurred. This, however,
is only a part of the burden. As the imposition
of these duties increased the prices of the articles
generally, a larger sum was paid for those of do-
mestic production. For example, live sixths of 1
the iron" used in the United States is believed to
be of domestic production, only one sixth of
that used being imported from abroad. What is
the proportion with respect to goods generally,
cannot be ascertained with precision, but it is
supposed to be two or three times as much at
least in value as the imports. There can be little
doubt, therefore, that the amounts paid to the
manufacturers indirectly, is vastly greater than
that received by the Government. Undoubtedly
there is some compensation in the benefits derived
from the existence of the manufacturing estab-
lishments, but this is limited almost entirely to
the immediate vicinity of those factories. The
great body of consumers in the western as well
as in the southern States, derive little or none
of the benefit. It costs them there nearly as much
in the way of transportation from the domestic, as
it would do from the foreign" establishments. As
purchasers, therefove, it is their interest to buy the
New Series—No. 14.
article which is cheapest in market, without refer- j
ence to the place of its production. Nor do they
derive much if any advantage from the home mar-
ket, its benefit being confined to those in the im-
mediate vicinity of tiie establishments. What
comfort is it to a farmer, who knows that he is
paying too much for his iron, cotton, and woolen ;
cloths, and other articles of consumption, and wild
is receiving little or nothing for his produce, to
know that'other farmers who are living five hun-
dred or a thousand miles from him in the vicinity'
of a manufacturing establishment, are getting good
prices for their produce ? I repeat, sir, that 1 am
desirous of seeing manufacturing establishments
spring up throughout the country, and 1 am grati-
fied to see the extraordinary progress made in that
species of industry. The North has made a great
mistake in getting up the late anti-slavery agita-
tion. Instead of endeavoring to limit slavery to
the territory where it now exists, if they had con-
sulted their interests they would have consented
to its extension even to the shores of the Pacific.
By thus allowing the slaves and their owners to be
diffused over a wide extent of country, they would
have been kept employed in agriculture, and the h
competition of their labor would thereby have been I1
escaped, and they would have continued good cus- :
tomers. But by limiting them as to territory, they
will be driven, whether they will it or not, into
manufacturing for themselves. The conductof the
North, while in my judgment a " crime" to us,
was like Napoleon's invasion ofSpain, a"blunder"
for them. What they intended as an injury, like
many other seeming evils, may prove in the end ]
a benefit. So wise and benevolent is the system
ordained by Providence, that it usually depends
upon ourselves whether a particular occurrence
shall, in its results, be an evil or a blessing. In
the language of Burke, " our antagonist is our
helper." The energy which we have summoned
to our aid to enable us to resist a threatened dan-
ger, will give us strength for a forward movement. !
A great impulse has been given to the southern
| mind within the last twelve months. Much of this |
! is due to the direction purposely given to the de- |
! bates of the last session by some of the speakers.
While, therefore, I cannot too strongly denounce
the acts of ehe last session in relation to the Mex-
ican territory, I do not, nor have I ever pretended
that they would be followed by any great immedi-
1 ate practical injury to us. Undoubtedly, depriving
us of all share in the public territory, and limiting
slavery to the area it now occupies, is the greatest
' injury, with reference to that interest, which the
! Government could possibly inflict on us, until it
i shall have attacked the institution in the States
! themselves.
The other measures proposed by the Abolition-
ists are comparatively insignificant in their ulti-
mate practical effects. I do not pretend that this
exclusion could be claimed as a political victory
by the Free-soil or Abolition party. That party
had staked itself on the passage of a positive act
of exclusion, viz: the Wilmot proviso, or Jeffer-
! sonian ordinance. After a few weeks discussion
it was driven from this ground, being defeated on
a direct vote. It then fell back on what was called
the President's, plan, to wit: theadmission of Ter-
ritories as free States. In this movement, after a
long struggle, they were frustrated and foiled by
the dilatory motions which the minority resorted
to, and which it was seen could and would be in-
definitively prolonged. It is true, however, that
the measures actually passed did in the end prac-
tically give them the exclusion of slavery which
they desired. This, however, was owing to the
action of southern men, who by their votes con-
sented that this section of the Union should be
excluded. What I have a right to complain of is,
that after the Abolition party stood thus defeated
before the country, southern men should have
been willing to give them practically all the fruits
of the victory. It is said, nowever, that the South
saved its honor. So did the Mexican army at
i Monterey. But though it capitulated with the
I honors of war, it surrendered up the city, the ob-
! ject for which the battle was fought. If we had
'' been overpowered and defeated by this party, I
could better have borne their seizing the fruits of
the victory. By giving up thus all the Mexican
, territory to them, in addition to that previously
, held by die Government and made free by acts
of Congress, we have put it in their power to cafl
to their aid, at a future day. twenty or thirty ad*
ditional free States. If we have found them trou-
blesome now, will they not be more formidable
when thus strengthened, should they be roused to
another attack? It is this viewof thefuture which
has produced the deep dissatisfaction existing in
the South. Our people feel that the outposts have
beert surrendered to our enemies, and that courage
and firmness can alone protect theirr. Even those
among us who have defended or apologized for
these measures, have tacitly acknowledged the
peril to which they subject us, by insisting that
the North should be held under the most rigid
obligation not to renew the attack. Calling them-
selves par excellence Union men, and stigmatized
by their opponents as submissionists, they have
nevertheless found it necessary to lay down a
strong disunion platform. I say a strong disunion
platform; because tbey hare declared their pur-
pose to dissolve the Union upon issues and contin-
gencies which no one, not even the most ultra,
thought of making a year ago. If the Abolition
party, encouraged, as it probably will be, by
these great acquisitions, shall make another for-
midable movement against us, it will most proba-
bly result in the overthrow of the Government,
and the disruption of the Confederacy. I do not
apprehend, however, that they will be able to
succeed in abolishing slavery. Two plans are en-
tertained for effecting this object. The first is im-
mediately and directly by legislation to attack-it in
the States. This mode has not now advocates
enough to excite much apprehension in the public
mind. The other plan, by which they expect to
accomplish the same thing, at a day not far distant
in a nation's progress, is the following: They say
that the slaves of the country, being confined to
the States where they are now held, will so in-
crease in numbers in connection with the multi-
plication of the white race, that their labor wjll be-
come unprofitable, not yielding more than enough
for their bare subsistence, and that their owners
will find it advantageous to abandon them as prop-
! erty, and allow them to go free. They do not
i stop to calculate how vast will be the misery in-
flicted by thus crowding together our population.
When the pressure has become so great that, the
, labor of the slaves will no longer support them,
what will be the condition of the free laborers
under the same rate of wages? To carry out their
fanatical and wicked objects, they are perfectly
willing to place the whole southern country in a
I condition of indescribable misery.
The northern anti-slavery men express the de-
sire that they should then be amalgamated with
the white race. The southern men who maintain
1 this hypothesis are desirous of colonizing them
abroad. As nobody pretends that we are able to
send off the numbers we now have, 1 do not think
! it worth while to enter into an argument to show
that when greatly increased in numbers, they can-
not be thus gotten away with more facility, llow-
i ever benevolent the scheme, I have never regarded
! it as sufficiently plausible to merit attack. But
i when is it likely that the liberation itself in this
mode will occur? A distinguished statesman whose
declarations have great weight with many of our
citizens, is represented in the newspapers recently
to have expressed the opinion at a meeting "held
in this city, that when the number of slaves in the
United States shall have become three or four times
as great as it now is, that the contingency will
happen, and that they will become free by the vol-
untary Set of their owners. As the slaves have
i been doubling their numbers, in a little more than
twenty-five years, that condition of things might
be expected to be arrived at in the next fifty years.
In that time the population of the slaveholding
; States might amount to nearly forty millions, of
1 which, nearly one third would be slaves. Those
States embrace together an area of nearly nine
hundred thousand square miles. A population of
forty millions diffused over them, need not be more
dense than that of Kentucky now is. It might go
up to more than fifty millions,"before it became as
dense as that of the State of Maryland. In these
States, slave labor is not so unprofitable that its
owners are willing voluntarily to give it up, or
even to take the high prices which it commands
further South. Yetthese States are not supposed to
be remarkably adapted to the profitableuseof slave
