1851. J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
31st Cong 2d Sess.
The future policy of the Government-—Mr, Clingman.
Ho. of Reps.
make the Constitution possibly in form, certainly
in practice, what they desire it to be. As our sys-
tem of society is radically different from theirs,
they might so shape their legislation as to isolate
us and take away our substance entirely, and
leave the southern States little better than a dead
body fastened to a living one. This condition of
things is what we have most to dread. Already
is it apprehended by sagacious men, that the
character and action of this central Government
is undergoing a total change. Sir, what was the
object of its creation, and with what attributes
was it originally invested? It was created to
effect two main objects. In the first place to man-
age our relations with foreign countries. Hence
k became necessary to invest H with the power of
making war, treaties, and regulating commerce
with them. In the second place it was authorized
to preserve proper relations between the different
States, and by consequence to regulate commerce
l*etween them and coin their money.
These were the main, I might say the sole ob-
jects of the creation of the Constitution. To
carry them, into effect, it was necessary that the
Government should have the means of sustaining
itself, and hence ^ie taxing power was given.
But it was never intended that the Federal Gov-
ernment should control the mere municipal rela-
tions of it? citizens or interfere with their private
rights. These were left to be regulated by the
several States composing the Union. Had the
Government confined itself to the exercise of these
two classes of powers which alone were clearly
delegated to it, it would have escaped most of the
difficulty which it has hitherto encountered; es-
pecially ought it to have abstained from attacking
interests which it was created to preserve. It has
encountered difficulties by its officious intermed-
dling with what it had Bo positive authority to
touch. For example, its interference with th,e
question of slavery has very nearly been the
cause of he destruction. Twelve of the thirteen
States which made the Constitution were slave-
holding, and while -they gave it express power to
defend and preserve the institution of slavery, they
invested it with no authority-to overthrow or even
to make war on it. The Government, too, has
involved itself in difficulty by its attempts, through
the medium of tariff and navigation laws, to favor
certain classes of its citizens by the imposition of
burdens upon others. It has also produced much
discontent by its interference and connection with
banking operations and other branches of private
business. Nobody will dispute but what it might
haw abstained from aH these things and still car-
ried out every object which it was created to
effect. Yes, sir, it might abandon all these pre-
tenniona, and accomplish only the better the great
purposes of its existence. Why, then, shctuld it
not be limited in its action to its own proper
sphere? Jn this way it might give itself a per-
petual and indefinite existence.
Our citizens are ambitious of having a widely
extended .and magnificent empire. The wish of
their hearts might possibly he gratified, and the
Whole continent be subject to one sway, if this
central Government should, in its action, be lim-
ited to its necessary and proper objects. Let it
content itself with conducting successfully our
foreign affairs, and preserving the relations be-
tween its component States, leaving them to regu-
late all domestic matters. Let it be, as many
desire it to be, the great central sun; but let it
be content with performing the- office whieh the
sun does in the firmament of the heavens. That
vast luminary regulates the orbits of the planets,
preserves their due dependence,on each other, and
controls their motions, but itself remains at rest in
the centre. Does any one regard its office as less
important, because of its qtuet, controlling as it
does the action of the entire system, and preserv-
ing the due dependence of aH its parts.* Or does
any"one-suppose that it could assume the rapid
motions of the little planet Mercury without de-
ranging and destroying, the whole solar system ?
So if this eentral Government shall attempt to as-
sume the active and lesser functions which prop-
erly belong to the several States, it will destroy
the existing system. It may possibly create in
its stead a vast and extended despotism. I rather
hope, however, that the attempts wotild be fcft-
lpwed by tire disruption of the Government, and
the throwing off of several confederacies. The
fragments thus separated would be sufficiently
large to preserve their liberties, and advance the
sum of human happiness. Is not the apprehen-
sion even now constantly expressed, that the Gov-
ernment is totally changing its limited character,
and becoming a useless and mischievous machine?
Why, members on this floor often pay no more
regard to constitutional limitations, than they
would do in a popular meeting, where the un-
checked will of the majority controls all things.
Many of our people are beginning to suppose
this Government to be derelict in its duties, if it
does not supply them regularly with school-books
and garden seeds. Look at the enormous in-
crease in its expenditures. They ai<e now amount-
ing to more than fifty millions annually. I do
not intend to cast reproach upon the President or
his advisers constituting the Cabinet. I respect
them all highly, and regard them as well quali-
fied, both intellectually *nd morally, for the sta-
tions which they fill. The estimates for expendi-
ture, yhich they send in to us, will be almost
assuredly increased in this House. After passing
through this body, thpy will have vast additions
made to them in the Senate. On the last day, or
next to the last of the session, they will lie re-
turned to us with a hundred or two hundred
amendments, amounting in the aggregate to an
expenditure of millions. For want of time to in-
vestigate them, or to save the general appropria-
tion bills from defeat, because the Senate is obsti-
nate on the last day of tlie session, we axe obliged
to assent to appropriations whjch would not, in
this House, after a proper investigation, find sup-
porters enough to obtain a division on the vote
rejecting them. From the very situation in which
we-find ourselves placed here, it is impossible that
there should be that feeKng ■ if responsibility and
jthat degree of vigilance wjuch exist in our State
Legislatures. The several §tateB ought to leave
to individuals the accomplishment of all such
■Works as private enterprise can effect, because of
the greater cheapness of its operations. For a
i similar reason we ough>t to/leave to the States the
execution of whatever can be accomplished by
: them. I know that for the evil under which we
labor, it is difficult to find a remedy; but on hon-
est effort on the part of all of us concerned in the
administration of this Federal Government, would
i be productive of r uch;good. The clamor raised
; against Mr. Van Burrn's Administration for its
extravagance, caused a reduction of its expendi-
tures m-its last year, from forty down to twenty-
two millions. During the whole four years of
the Administration of Mr. Tyler, the Whig party
having coroe into power upon professions and
principles of economy, kept their expenditures
down to this standard. During the first year of
Mr. Polk's Administration, the expenses were
not materially increased. But now, an interval
of only five years having elapsed, they are greatly
more than doubled. Still there is much reason
to fear chat they wit! be rapidly increased. Tiiis
results from the fact, that while the people furnish
the money the Government determines the amount
of the expenditure.
Where an individual is responsible for his own
expenses, it is often difficult for him to keep his
outlay within proper limits. But wherever one
furnishes the money and another expends it, pro-
fusion and extravagance almost invariably are the
results. Had we not then better refuse all expen-
ditures , and decline to exercise all po wers but those
which are necessary to the carrying out of the
known and well-defined objects of this Govern-
ment. The case is surrounded with difficulty,
however, because it is oaay to carry into excess
and abuse powers the exercise of which cannot
well be dispensed with. I have sometimes though t,
Mr. Chairman, that a striking difference between
the modes of thirtking m the southern and north-
ern portions of our Union, might be found in this:
The people of the southern States, engaged in ag-
riculture, live far apart, are accustomed to reflect
much, and are not easily driven to excess. In the
North, the people are in close contact, more restless
in their habits, more .readily act upon each other,
they show more quickness and energy in their
movements, and manifest more excitability. They
are more readily brought up to efficient action, butt
reflect leas on the ultimate tendency of their
movements. The excitable population and presses
of their large cities, as sensitive to the change of a
day as the thermometer itself, exert a controlling
influence over the sentiment of the North. Hence
the northern population, acting as States and ^cor-
porations, have shown great efficiency and made
extraordinary progresp. They have not however,
exhibited so much of that enlarged philosophy
which is essential to the constitution of a states-
man of the first order. Their public men are usu-
ally too sensitive to popular impulse, and exhibit
often too little independence of thought and action.
The southern States seem to have produced ,a
larger numher of independent, self-relying, ani
philosophic statesmen. In theaction ofbodies of
men aggregate^! as States and corporations, this
spirit of great activity and energy works well, and
the northern States have made extraordinary pro-
gress in their movements.
In the southern States, on the contrary, the in-
dividuals live more alone, are accustomed to de-
pend more on their own resources, have a feeling
of -greater independence, and have more tijne for
reflection. They are less sensitive to immediate
popular impressions, exhibit often a stronger
will as individuals, and are more accustomed to
take an enlarged and philosophic view of a subr
ject. This, as it has sometimes been alleged by
the Abolitionists, may be due in part to the habit
of dominion over their slaves and the pride of
superior caste. But whether attributable in any
degree or not to such a cause, it is cartaiiily true
that while they have accomplished l,ess through
tlie medium of the State governments, wherein
mere activity and impulse are more essential, they
seem to have exerted a greater control upon the
action of this central Government. It is a com-
mon remark throughout the North, that certain
systems and movements which are complained of
with us, really had their origin with southern
statesmen. This is undoubtedly true. The Vir-
ginians were opposed to, the indefinite importation
of slaves, and advocated the prohibition to take
effect after the year 1808, apd Mr. Jefferson un-
doubtedly favored the exclusion of slavery north of
the Ohio river. But when the New England politi-
cians thnt in the Convention which made tlie Fed-
eral Constitution went for tlie prolongation of the
slave trade to the latest period proposed, subse-
quently shifted their position and assumed the
strangest anti-slavery ground in the Missouri con-
troversy, it is equally certain that Mr. Jefferson
condemned their movement . It is also true that
tlie doctrine of protection to our domestic industry
had its early and most strenuous advocates among
southern statesmen. As soon, however,as it was
taken up by the masses of the North, it was
pressed to an extent of extravagant protection
and even prohibition. The doctrine of injornal
improvement by the Government, is likewise af-
firmed to have had a southern origin. But its
northern friends are now those Who arie pushing
it into great abuses, as we think, accompanied
with profuse and wasteful expenditure. As the
action of this Government, therefore, was intend-
ed to be limited in a high degree, and restricted to
the exercise of well-defined powers, the prevalent
mode of thinking at the South, seems to harmo-
nize best with its nature, and it mav be owing to
some such cause as this that tlie public judgment
has more frequently intrusted its management to
them. It is possible, too, that the great influx of
foreigners into the northern States, ignorant as
they are utterly of the true theory of our Govern-
ment and its complicated checks and balances,
has been a material element in modifying the tone
of opinion and sentiment in the North.
Should the action of the Government in future
be directed by those who are subject to these in-
fluences, it remains to be seen whether it will pre-
serve its former character and usefulness. The
agitation of the last two years having partially
destroyed the old party organizations, ana havuig
very nearly annihilated party animosities, in ths
present calm an opportunity is afforded us for ex-
amining the principles of the Government, and
estimating properly the effects of its past action.
Should new parties arise, or .the old ones be essen-
tially modified, they ought to be made to stand as
much as possible upon sound principles. What
are likely to be the successful. movements oif -a
party character, it is not easy to,decide. We ver%
