2lQ
31st Cong '2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Finances of iht Government—Mr. Jones.
[Fob. 14,
Ho. of Reps.
all amused yesterday with the attempts of the gen-
tleman from Maryland, [Mr. McLane,] in reply
tn the questions of the gentleman from South Car-
olina, [Mr. Holmi:%] to explain in what Democ-
racy consisted. His definition was that a Demo-
crat was he who stood by and honestly carried
out the objects and determinations of the party
organization. This definition he twice gave in
reply to questions.
Mr. McLANE said this was not his statement,
and proposed to explain.
Mr. CLIXGMAX continued: I regret that the
hands of the clock are moving too rapidly to per-
mit me to give the gentleman the floor. I may be
mistaken about the precise terms lie did use. 'The
members of the House generally are quite as like-
ly to recollect what he did say as he or I. He
said further, in continuation, that a Democrat in
1848 was he that voted for Cass and Butler, and
in 1844 for Polk and Dallas. Amusing as was
the exhibition made by the gentleman on that
occasion, I doubt whether any other member of
the House would not have found it as difficult to
define the distinctions between Whigs and Demo-
crats, as national parties, at this time. The truth
is, Mr. Chairman, that the old issues, which for-
merly divided these two parties, have now disap-
peared, and for want of the old landmarks, the
lines of division are scarcely perceptible.
(Mr. McLane said, that they still existed in his ,
opinion.) j
Then, sir, it is very extraordinary that the gen-
tleman on yesterday was not able to point them
out. Though cross-examined by several mem-
bers, and worried for a quarter of an hour, he was
not able to lay hold of any one of these old land-
marks. They must have been buried very deeply
wider ground to escape detection by optics as
keen as his. There can be no doubt, Mr. Chair-
man, that the Whig and Democratic parties, once
essentially divided as to measures, ha\e now be-
come mere faction.". By factions, I mean, as con-
tradistinguished from parties, to designate bodies
of men, not separated by well-defined principles,
but only by political animosity, or because strug-
gling against each other for office. Such associa-
tions are usually the mostmischevious. Wanting
the disinterestedness and purity which a struggle j
for principle is apt to engender, they soon become
utterly selfish, and tend to political corruption. I
have no objection, therefore, to see new pfcrty
combinations formed, as the Government of the
country is likely thereby, to be in a better, rather i
than in a worse position. Though T did not co- I
operate in the late attempt to form the so-called !
Union party, yet I had no objection to the move- !
ment. I saw at once that a party could not stand
upon a single mere negative idea, and that before
it could progress, it would have to adopt positive
principles to regulate its general action. If those
principles, when promulgated, had, contrary to my
anticipations, accorded with my views of what is
sound policy better than the principles of the an-
tagonist party, then I should not have hesitated to
cooperate with them. I say now, Mr. Chairman,
that if the old Republican party of the days of Jeffer-
son and Madison—that party which was broken to
pieces in 1825, by reason of its having nominally
five presidential candidates in the field—if that
party could be called together, upon its old princi-
ples, I would rather march under its flag than
that of any other likely to be found. I know that
its name has sometimes been brought into disre-
pute, because many professing the name have in
practice apostatized from its principles, while
others have incurred ridicule by their misapplica-
tion of those principles. True religion has been
brought into disrepute by the hypocrisy of its pro-
fessors, and good coin is sometimes discredited by
counterfeits.
The principles of this old party, regardful of
the rights of the States, strictly defining the pow-
ers of the Federal Government, and limiting as
much as possible the lines of its action, are those
only on which our system can permanently stand.
In the part of the Union from which I come, the
great body of men of all classes have originally
belonged to or professed the principles of that
party. Many even of theold Federalists, having
seen the mischief of a different line of policy, would
be ready to embrace its principles. As for myself,
sir, I shall at all times be ready to sustain .what- .
S ever measures sound policy and the permanent
, interests ot'the country shall, in my judgment, re-
quire, without regard to the parties or individuals
with whom I may for the time be placed. A
public man here can find no compensation for his
surrender of the right of private judgment and
independence of action on all practical issues of
moment.
In conclusion, sir, I have to say that I think
the present revenue system ought to he reviewed,
and modified in some respects. The frauds in the
collection of duties complained of should be reme-
died as far as practicable: but those who are
making most clamor are doing it with a view of
deceiving the country as to their real object,
which is to foist on it a tariff enormously high. I
am ready myself now to vote for a specific duty
on bar iron, for example, but I will not vote, as the
gentleman from Ohio proposed last session, to
make it $20 per ton, or even to increase it gener-
ally. Everybody knows that the higlrer the rate
of duty the greater the temptation to evade it by
fraudulent devices. If there were time, which there
is not, at the present session, I should be willing
to re\iew the whole system. Some of the duties
are too high. Others possibly ought to be in-
creased. The mode of assessing many of them
ought unquestionably to be changed. While I
would be willing, for the sake of revenue, to see
an imposition on everything that is imported, I
say now, that if any one article ought to be made
absolutely free of duty, I know none having
stronger claims to the exemption than railroad
iron.
The navigation laws, too, need essential modi- ;
fication. Why should the agriculturist, when he
has conveyed his produce to the seaside, not have
the privilege of sending it off in the vessel that
will carry it cheapest? By extending the recipro- j
city system lately adopted with Great Britain
(but limited to the foreign commerce) to the coast-
wise trade, the enormous rates of freight between
our southern and northern ports would be greatly
reduced. Our farmers and citizens generally would
be gainers thereby. Nor do I think that our ship-
ping interests would materially suffer. The adop-
tion of the reciprocity system in the foreign trade ,
has not injured us at all. Its extension with
proper qualifications ought not to be objected to. '
Our ship-owners would doubtless sustain them-'
selves, though their freight would be less than
under the present monopoly. Let the question of !
Canadian reciprocity and the free navigation of the j
Saint Lawrence be considered in connection with ,
these things. They are perhaps right in them-
selves, but I should prefer that the system should
be reexamined as a whole at the same time.
With reference to the bill now under considera-
tion, I have little to say. The strongest objection i
to the system of internal improvement is its lia-
bility to gross abuse, by reason of its partial tend-
encies, as well as the dishonest political combina-
tions to which it is apt to give rise. For some of
the items in this bill lean readily vote. The Mis-
| sissippi river is a proper subject for expenditure.
So is the opening of the inlet to the Albemarle
Sound, which my colleague [Mr. Outlaw] has so
much at heart. "The same may doubtless be said I
as to some of the other appropriations for works !j
oil the sea-coasts and on the lakes. My vote, |
therefore, on this bill, will be guided by the pre- !
cise form it may ultimately assume; but the incli-
nation of my mind is strongly against the sys- ;
tern. I doubt whether it will not always be so
managed as to be productive of mischief rather ■
than benefits.
FINANCES OF THE GOVERNMENT.
SPEECH OF HON. GEO. W. JONES,
of tennessee,
In the House of Representatives,
Friday, February 14, 1851.
The House being in Committee ot" the Whole on the
state of Ihe Union, and having under consideration the
Uiver and Harbor bill,
Mr. JONES obtained the floor, and said:
Mr. Chairman: I have not obtained the floor
for the purpose of discussing the power of the
General Government over the subject of internal
improvements, either general or special, by the
construction of roads andcanals, or by theimprove-
ment of rivers and harbors. Upon a former oc-
casion, in this Hall, I expressed my views on
this subject, both as to power and expediency.
That speech, together with my votes, imbody my
principles and sentiments with regard to internal
improvements by the United States. Upon that
record I stand. But desiring to submit some re-
marks upon the annual report of the Secretary of
the Treasury, the receipts and expenditures of the
Government, and the financial condition of the
country, I avail myself of the present opportunity
to effect my purpose.
The Secretary of the Treasury, in his annual re-
port to the present session, after giving a state-
ment, as is usual, of the actual receipts and expend-
itures of the Treasury for the past fiscal year,
the actual and estimated receipts and expend-
itures for the current fiscal year, ard the estimated
receipts and expenditures of the next fiscal year,
enters into long and labored statements and calcula-
tions to justify the enormous expenditures of pub-
lic money under the present Administration. This
object he attempts to accomplish by charging the
necessity of these expenditures to the last Admin-
istration, the war with Mexfeo, and the causes
growing directly or indirectly out of that war.
He seems to have two objects in view—the one is
to justify the actual and proposed expenditure of
public moneys under his administration of the
finances of the country, and the other to produce
a deficit in the Treasury, at the same time reliev-
ing himself and political friends from the necessity
of the former and the cause of the latter. The
Secretary estimates as follows:
"The total actual cash receipt-* into the Treasury from all
sources during the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1850,
were $43,774,848 90
The total cash expenditures tor the same pe-
riod were  39,355,968 69
The actual and emanated cash receipts from
all sources for the year ending 30th June,
18.-.1, are    47,599,000 00
The actual and estimated cash expenditures
for the same period amount to  53,737,547 50
The total estimated cash receipts for the
year ending 30th June, 1852. amount to... 46,800,000 00
The total estimated cash expenditures for
the same period amount to (see statement
G)  48,124,993 18
I am welt aware that these actual and estimated expendi-
tures may justly be deemed large; and, therefore, in sub-
mitting tiiem, it is properthat thev be accompanied by such
explanations and statements as will distinguish the ordinary
from the extraordinary demands upon the Treasury, and
sliow that the aggregate is no greater than is demanded by
a due regard to economy and tlie obligations of the Govern-
ment.
I annex a table, (marked H,) exhibiting the total expend-
itures, exclusive of payments on account of trust funds
and public debt, expenses of collecting the revenue front
cuetom«, lands, &c., for three periods, viz:
1st. For the years ending 30th June, 1843-'44-'45, or im-
mediately preceding the-Me\iean war;
2d. For the years ending 30th June, lS46-*47-'48, embra-
cing the period of the war; and
3d. For the years ending 30th June, 1849-\50-'51, actual
and estimated, or the three years subsequent to the treaty
of peace.
It will be seen, that for three years prior to the war tin;
aggregate expenditure, exclusive of trust funds, public
debt, and the expenses of collecting tlie revenue from cus-
toms, lands, &c., were $33,833,704 93
Averaging annually ^..$"21,977,901 64
For the three years'of the war 125,201,017 11
Averaging 41,733,679 37
And for the three years immediately subse-
quent thereto 116,922,178 82
Averaging annually 38,974,059 61
Including the expenses of collecting the rev-
enue from customs, public lands, duties re-
turned, drawbacks, debentures, bounties,
&.c., none of which have appeared in the
expenditures heretofore exhibited prior to
tlie 30th June, 1849,* (as all these items
* In this statement Mr. Corwin must be mistaken, as the
following extracts from the Treasury reports cle.-.rly prove,
viz:
Payments made during the year ending June 30, 1846.
For debentures and other charges  $322,808 17
" duties refunded under protest  859,974 77
"' supplying any deficiency in the regular rev-
enues from postage  650,000 00
" postage charged to the Executive Depart-
ments or bureaus thereof  160,231 62
$1,993,014 56
Payments made during the year ending June 30, 1847.
For debentures and other charges  $430,668 00
" refunding duties under protest  560,483 37
" discriminating tonnage duties  2,80129
" excess of duties paid upon wines of Portu-
gal   2.(504 38
