216
appendix to the congressional globe.
'Feb. 14,
31st Cong 2d Skss.
Finances of the Government—Mr. Jones.
i fo. or Rkps.
$17,126,386 24, being an
$374 81 per man, ;
From the same sources of information, we learn !
that the "number of regulars and volunteers in
service at the termination of the late war" was
47,150 officers and men, regulars and volunteers, i
The total aggregate expenditures of the Quarter-
master's Department, tor the year ending June
30th, 1848, were $17,214,382 35, which was an
average of §365 09 per each individual, officer and
man. This and the preceding fiscal year were,
in point of fact, the years of the Mexican war, in
which the was enemy conquered, and the heavy
disbursements were made.
The report of the Adjutant General, November
29, 1850, shows that the aggregate strength of the
Army, at the latest returns, was 10,763 persons,
including officers and men—absent and present.
The estimated expenditures of the Quartermas-
ter's Department for the year 1852, are 44,750,000,
being an average of $441 31 for each individual,
which exceeds the average expenditure per man
for the year 1847, that being the highest average
expenditure during the war, $66 50. This excess
alone, over and above the highest average expend-
iture of the Quartermaster's Department for the
highest average war expenditures, is within twenty
dollars of what the average expenditure of that
department was for the first year of the war 1846,
and exceeds the entire average expenditures of the
year 1845, preceding the war.
The average expenditure of this department for
each officer and private in the Army, if based upon
the second estimate of the Quartermaster Gen-
eral for the year 1852, will be $463 86. It may j
be said that these estimates of expenditures should j
be made for the full legal establishment of the
Army, instead of its actual strength. The Sec-
retary of War informs us that "the aggregate
•strength of the Army, supposing every company
'to have its complement, is twelve thousand nine
'hundred and twenty-seven (12,927) officers and I
'men." He further informs us, however, that i
"it is estimated by competent judges, that owing
' to deaths, discharges, desertions, and other I
' causes, the number of men in service and Jit for [
''duty usually falls short of the legal organization,
•on an average, of from thirty to forty per cent."
Consequently, the number upon which I have
based my calculation and comparison—10,763—is
very full for the legal organization.
Statement L, and accompanying papers from
the bureaus of the War Department, numbered ;
from 1 to 7, are submitted by the Secretary of the 1
Treasury, for the purpose of showing the actual
and estimated expenditures of the War Depart-
ment for seven years subsequent to the decla-
ration of war with Mexico, which are stated at
$117,876,495 31, under the peace establishment of
1845, would have been §35,643,749 54, and char-
ging the excess for the seven years, of $82,232,745
77, as having been occasioned by said war. In
this statement the Secretary does not give the war
expenditures actually incurred during the war,
but gives the aggregate expenditures of the War
Department for seven years, when but three years
of that period were in time of war. He does not
show the necessity of the largely-increased ex-
penditures in time of peace since the termination
of the war, but seems to be entirely satisfied in
making the statement and charge as he has. The
Secretary seems to have forgotten one thing, and
that is, that the people of this country adopted and
made that war their own, sustained its prosecu-
tion, approved its termination, and are willing and
determined to acknowledge and liquidate all the
expenses and liabilities resulting from it. But
they have not yet indorsed or approved his profli-
gate and extravagant expenditures, actual and pro-
posed, under the unsustained allegation that they
are required in consequence of the war with Mex
ico.
Similar statements and tables accompany the re-
port of the Secretary, showing the actual and es-
timated expenditures of the Navy Department for
the seven years subsequent to the declaration of
war with Mexico,amount to $62,659,331 74; that
under the peace establishment of 1845 they would
have been $43,600,473 63; excess for the seven
years, $19,058,858 11, also charged to the account
of the war with Mexico. The Secretary had the
evidence before him to prove the fallacy of this |
average expenditure of j charge, in the very table upon which he relies to
sustain him in charging this excess in the naval
expenditures to the Mexican war. And to prove
the utter groundlessness and injustice of the charge,
it is only necessary to give the expenditures ot the
Navy Department for each of the seven years
separately as they appear in that table, and which
were—
For the year ending .Tune 30, 1846, $6,450,962 70
For the year ending June 30, 1847, 7,931,633 68
For the year ending June 30, 1848, 9,406,737 28
For the year ending June 30, 1849, 9,869,818 20
For the year ending June 30, 1850, 7,923,313 18
Actual and estimated for the year
ending June 30, 1851  10,917,591 61
Estimated for the year ending June
30, 1852  10,159,375 09
I think, after examining this table, all will agree
that the Secretary was unjustifiable in making the
charge against the war. It will be seen that the
actual and estimated expenditures of the Navy De-
partment for the first year under the present Ad-
ministration, exceeds by more than one million of
dollars the expenditures of any one year during
the war, or under the administration of Mr. Polk.
It will also be seen by a glance at this table, that
the actual and estimated expenditures of the Navy
Department for the first year under the Adminis-
tration of Mr. Fillmore, exceeds by more than
three millions of dollars the expenditures of the
same Department during the preceding year under
the administration of General Taylor. There has
been no war under this Administration, nor has
the naval establishment been increased. Why,
then, this enormous increase in the expenses of
this Department? The country will, in the day
of its reckoning, require some more satisfactory
reasons than that it is demanded in consequence of
"the Mexican war and the acquisition of territory.
The war and the naval establishments are two
principal sources of unnecessary and extravagant
expenditure of the public money, which has al-
ready grown to an alarming extent without the
least inclination or desire on the part of the Presi-
dent, or either of his Secretaries, so far as we
can judge from his message and their reports, to
limit or reduce them. Neither of these high func-
tionaries seems to have any idea of economy.
No suggestions or recommendations from the
President or heads of Departments, for reduction
or curtailment of expenditures within proper and
reasonable limits, such as the real wants and true
interests of the country require. On the contrary,
the " General-in-Chief" recommends that " three
regiments be added to the" military " establish-
' ment—two of light dragoons or mounted rifle-
' men, and one of infantry; and two more compa-
' nies be added to the present forty-eight companies
' of artillery, and that the fifty be organized into
' five regiments of artillery," instead of four regi-
ments as at present; the whole requiring an an-
nual increase expenditure of two and a half to
three millions of dollars, according to the present
peace establishment, expenses of the Army. This
recommendation is adopted and indorsed by the
Secretary of War, and recommended to the atten-
tion of Congress.
The Secretary of the Navy recommends that a
line of "mail steamers or sail vessels" be estab-
lished from San Francisco to some point in East-
ern Asia, " for the transportation of the mails."
The Secretary does not favor us with his views
as to the great advantages which are to result to
he country through the Navy Department from
the establishment, or how the transportation nf
mails is brought under his jurisdiction; nor does
he tell what will be the probable cost of such line
of mail steamers or sail vessels. I suppose it will
cost some three to five hundred thousand dollars
per annum.
The Secretary also " earnestly recommends that
' the service (naval) itself be elevated by recogniz-
'ing by law the office of commodore, and by the
' creation of at least two officers of the rank of
'rear admiral." This he says, "would add to
'the dignity of our officers, not unfrequentlv the
' representatives of their country in direct mter-
' course with foreign Governments, q^d add to the
' respect accorded to them by those of other na-
' tions in their intercourse abroad." I cannot
very well conceive how this can be. Captain is
at present the highest title ler-allv known in our
! Navy, and as such I should suppose la entitled
to the rank and consideration due the highest
grade of naval officers, upon the same prinuples-
that we esteem the President of our country the
first officer in the world, and entitled to more re-
spect and consideration than any King or Emperor
in existence. If we call our highest mnal officer
rear admiral, he will only be what a captain now
is, except in the amount of pay, which must be
increaseid of course to correspond vviiii the rank.
The Secretary thinks that one of these rear ad-
mirals should have his headquarters here, and the
other at San Francisco, consequently they would
but seldom represent " their country in direct in-
tercourse with foreign Governments," nor have
" the respect due to their rank accorded to them
by officers of other nations in their intercourse
abroad." And as to the office of commodore,
almost every captain in the Navy now litis.that
as ail Honorary title, and for all practical and use-
ful purposes, except the increase of pay, is about
" as good as if established by law, and commands
i full as much respect. We are irot advised by the
' Secretary how many commodores the service re-
quires, nor of the salaries proposed to be given to
the new officers of rear admiral and commodore.
I think, however, if the recommendations of the
; Secretary are adopted and carried out, they will
involve air annual expenditure of from $500,00(1
to $1,000,000.
The recommendations of the two Secretaries of
War and Navy involve an increased annual ex-
penditure of from three to five millions of dollars.
These recommendations come to us under the
high sanction and approval of the President, and
I must be considered Whig-administration meas-
ures, which proves that the Whig party is true to
its instincts, extravaganceand profligacy in squan-
dering the public money.
The conviction forces itself upon me against
my will, that without the cordial and in good faith
cooperation of the Executive branch of the Gov-
ernment, Congress can do but little or nothing in
correcting abuses or in limiting and decreasing the
public expenditures. The people must arouse-
inemselves and take these things into their own
nands, if they wish to save themselves from grind-
ing oppression and onerous burdens through the
taxing power. The destiny of the country is in
their hands—they can save it; let them discharge-
their duty faithfully, and all will be well.
I think I have 'succeeded in showing that the
appropriations asked for by Mr. Corwin are ex-
travagant, and not demanded by the wants and
interests of the country; and that the allegation
that the necessity for them has been brought about
by the Mexican war and the consequences i esulting-
from it, are fallacious and without foundation.
An interesting and important inquiry, connected
directly with this subject, is that of the means by
which the large amount is to be raised—where is
the money to come from? In consequence of the
liberal donations in the shape of bounty lands
made to the soldiers of the several wars in which
the country has been engaged, hut little revenue
can be expected to be received from the sales of
the public lands for some years to come. The
revenues from customs, the tax levied and col-
lected from the labor of the count!-}', upon the
necessaries and comforts of life, including the
luxuries, must be relied on to raise this large
amount of money to meet the appropriations de-
manded by this Administration in time of peace.
To say nothing of the injustice of imposing the
entire burdens of the Government upon the labor
of the country, while its blessinjs and advantages
are enjoyed to a much greater degree bv the own-
ers of property than by the laborers, it is the most
expensive system of collecting taxes ever yet con-
ceived or practiced by any Government, and from
its very nature cannot be otherwise.
From table No. 5, accompanying the Secretary's
report, it appears that in the year ending June 30,
1850, the "imports consumed, exclusive of specie,"
amounted to $164,032,033; that upon these soods
there was levied, collected, and paid into the Treas-
ury of the United States, *>39,668,686 42; to which
should be added the fees of custom-house officers
received from importers and others, and which, i.i
the year 1849, were <-21^,444 78; also, the addi-
tional sum of $86,175 37, received from importers
