219
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 13,
31st Cong "2d Sess.
Fees of Marshals, fyc.—Messrs. Berrien and Downs.
Senate.
burdened with an irredeemable public debt, one of
the greatest misfortunes which can possibly befall
a free people and a free Government.
FEES OF MARSHALS, &c. !
DEBATE IN THE SENATE,
Thcrsdat, February 13, 1851,
On the bill to regulate the Fees and Costs to be
allowed Clerks, Marshals, and Attorneys of the
Circuit and District Courts of the United States,
and for other purposes.
The question being on an amendment reported by the
Committee on the Judiciary as a .-.ubMitute lor the whole
bill. [c?ee Congressional Globe, page  ">&>.]
Mr. BERRIEN said: The amendment proposed
by the Judiciary Committee is to strike out all
after the enacting clause and insert the substitute
which has just been read. Before the question is
put* on that amendment, I wish to offer a few
amendments to it, which have been suggested by
information received subsequently to the drafting
of the biil.
There is a provision in the substitute the object
of which is to authorize the clerks in certain cases
to charge a higher rate of fees than that which is
provided by the bill. But the phraseology is such
that this allowance of a higher rate of fees is only
to be made in the event of the same person being
the clerk of the circuit and district courts. That
provision was drafted under tile supposition that
in those States in which the ampunt of business
was not sufficient to give to two different occupants
of these offices a compensation adequate to their
support thejtwere generally united. Upon inquiry,
however, it is ascertained that that is not the fact.
In many of the States, where the compensation is
small, these offices are held by two different per-
sons. It is therefore proposed to give the benefit
of the provision to each clerk of a district or circuit
court where the compensation does not amount to
the sum specified. I propose to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the words " the same man
is or shall be clerk of the circuit and district court
of any district, and;" and also to strike out the
words *' those offices," and insert "any clerk of
a circuit or district court of the United States."
The section will then read:
" Whenever the gross amount of the fees and emolu-
ments of any clerk of a circuit or district court of the Uni-
ted States during the next previous calendar year, reckoned
at the rates herein prescribed, shall have been less than
#500, he may charge a rate of fees for lus services fifty per
cent, higher than is prescribed in this act; and when they
shall have been over .$500 and less than $600, reckoned at
the rates herein prescribed, he may charge a rate of fees
thirty-three and a third pet cent, higher than is prescribed
in tins act; and vvheu such gross amount of fees and emol-
ument* shall have been over $600 and less than $800, reck-
oned at tiie rates herein prescribed, he may charge a rate of
fees for his services twenty-five per cent, higher than is
prcsciibed in this act."
The amendment is to give the benefit of this
provision to individuals who do not hold both
these offices, but who hold the single office of
clerk of the circuit or district court.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BERRIEN*. There is also a provision in
the substitute of the committee, that whenever the
fees of the clerk shall amount to less than $1,500,
the United States shall pay his office rent, and fur-
nish him with fuel. The terms used are precisely
similar to those which have just been stricken out
in the first section. I move that the same words
be stricken out from the third section.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. BERRIEN, several verbal
amendments and typographical corrections ivere
made in the provisions of the bill.
Mr. BERRIEN. I have now an amendment
to offer at the suggestion of the Comptroller of the
Treasury. A difficulty has occurred in relation to
persons who are called from beyond the limits of
the United as witnesses in criminal cases pending
in the courts. Upon that subject I have received
the following letter from the Comptroller of the
Treasury:
Treasury Department,
Comptroller's Office, February 11, 1851.
Sir: Perceiving that you have taken an interest in the
passage of the bill before the Seriate for regulating the fees
ot marshal-, witnesses, I submit foryour consideration
a copy of a decision made in this office on the application
ot James Lewis, a witness who was sent from the Sand-
wich Islands, to tlw United States to give testimony in *
criminal case. Since that decision was made, there have |
been a number of otiier applications for witne&s lees bv per- ;
pons who have been sent home from distant ports or >ta J
tions. They would have made application to Concrete, 1
but for the hope that provision would be made in the bill
mentioned to pay theiu. Some of the cases present great
hardship. This will be accompanied by a j-ection which, if
adopted, will embrace all thecals of this class in Mich
manner a« it seems to me wi'l protect the rights of the per- !
sons mentioned and the interests of the United States.
When the witness has arrived at the place of trial or ex- ,
animation, he then is embraced by existing laws and by
other provisions of the present bill.
EL1SHA WHITTLESEY.
Hon. J. McP. Berrif.x, U. S. Senate.
To the provision in the substitute, which is in
these words:
I u When a witness is detained in person for want of secu-
rity for liw appearance, he shall be entitled to a compcn^a-
i tiou of one dollar per day over and above his subsist-
ence""—
I propose to add the following:
" That there be paid to such seaman or other person as
has been or shall be sent to the United States from any for-
eign port, station, sea,or ocean, by a United States minister,
charge d'affaires, consul, captain, or commander, to give
, testimonv in any criminal ca*e which ha? been or may be
pending in any com t of the United States, such compensa-
tion as tiie court which had or shall have cognizance of the
crime shall adjudge to be right and proper, not to exceed
one dollar for each day the said seaman or person ha5? been
or shall be neces^anlv on the voyage and arriving at the
place of examination or trial, together with a reasonable
allowance for sustenance and transportation; the court to
take into consideration in fixing said compensation the con-
!; dition of said seamen or witness, whether his vovaire has
been broken up to his injury by his being sent to the (Tinted
States or not; it said seaman or person ha* been or shall
be transported in an armed vessel of the United States, no
charge tor sustenance or transportation shall be made ; if
in any other vessel, and he has not nt the time of fixing said
, compensation, paid hts passage and expenses, the court
,, may adjudge how much of said compensation shall be paid
j, to the captain of said vessel, and the same shall be deduct'
ii ed and paid accordingly."
Mr. President, the object of this amendment is
to .provide for the compensation of witnesses, or
persons deemed necessary as witnesses, in any
criminal trial pending in courts of the United
States who may be beyond the seas, and who were
or maybe sent to this country by any United
j States minister, charge d'affaires, consul, captain,
or commander. The subject had been brought
:! to the notice of the Treasury Department by a
; case which occurred in the State of Virginia in
November, 1849. It was the case of.Tames Lewis,
, who was sent by the consul of the United States
at the Sandwich Islands to the United States to
testify in the case of a mutiny, where the accused
had been sent home for trial. The judge of the
d istrict deemed it reasonable that this witness should
have compensation, and he made an order for it,
allowing him at the rates of $1 25 per day during
the time of his confinement at sea, amounting to
the sum of; 307 50 for two hundred and forty-six
days; and that he be allowed the fuller sum of
, $8 75 for seven days that he was connned in the
! jail of Norfolk after his arrival in the United States.
This account was presented to the Secretary of
the Treasury by an attorney for James Lewis; it
j was by him referred to the Comptroller; the
1 Comptroller decided that, although the allowance
!, was reasonable, there was no law which authorized
the payment to be made. The Senate will see,
therefore, what class of cases it is intended to pro-
i vide for. It often happens that a person who is
1 absent in a foreign country may be deemed a
necessary witness in a criminal case pending in
the courts of the United States; and it being deemed
necessary, he is sent home to the United States
and to that court. The object of the amendment
is to provide a reasonable compensation for a per-
ltson who is thus taken away from his own pursuits,
placed in the custody of an officer of the United
' States, and Ireld in custody until he shall have
1 testified in the case. I would say, as to the amount
which is fixed for the per diem of such a person,
the allowance was specified by the Comptroller at
one dollar per day. I have not thought proper to
suggest any alteration of that, but I would state
that the compensation now allowed witnesses
attending courts is $1 25 per day; so that if any
Senator wishes it modified in that respect, he may
make a suggestion to that effect.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOWNS. I wish to offer an amendment
to the first section of the substitute of the commit-
( tee. I find in it this item:
l "For bis Odistrictattorney] «ervices u cooiwel, rendered
at the request of the lieadof a Department, such sum as may
be stipulated or agreed on."
I propose to extend the provision by inserting
after the word " Department " the words " or in
imnortant cases requiring great labor, learning, and
time, for services rendered,  r to be rendered."
And also to strike out the words " oragreedon,"
and insert " or allowed by the said head of Depart-
ment." If these amendments be adopted the item
will read—
For his services as counsel, rendered at the request of the
head of a Department, or in important cu-os requiring great
labor, leariimji and time, for servicfs rendered, or to be ren-
dered, such sum as may be stipulated or allowed by the said
head of Department."
There are certain cases in which we all know
there ought to be discretionary power vested in
the head of a Department to allow for extra ser-
vices. It is in order to carry out this that I offer
the amendment..
Mr. CHASE. I hope that rfnendment will not
be adopted. As the bill now stands, it provides
for extra compensation in all cases where the head
of a Department may think proper to give it. It
the amendment of the Senator from Louisiana be
adopted, it would remove that salutary restriction
upon the employment of additional counsel which
is now in the bill. It would leave it to the discre-
tion of the district attorneys in the several States,
and all that would then be necessary would be to
obtain the subsequent sanction of the head of a
Department. I think this should not be. I have
had some conversation with the head of the bureau
in which this bill originated, and my impression
is that one of the objects of the bill is to guard
against such transactions.
! Mr. BERRIEN. Mr. President, if I under-
i stand the effect of the amendment, it is to invest
the head of a Department with the power, after a
service shall have been rendered in the class of
cases proposed, to make an allowance which had not
been originally agreed upon. That is the object
of the amendment. It does not seem to me to be
necessary, because it is to be presumed that the
head of the Department who is to make this allow-
ance will confine it to cases requiring great skill,
learning, and labor. That portion of the amend-
ment seems to me, therefore, to be unnecessary.
But the effect and operation of the amendment, as
I understand it, will be this: In any case in which
the district attorney shall be of opinion that itis one
which requires extraordinary labor, he may go on
to conduct that case, and the head of a Department
"shall be permitted, after the service shall have been
rendered, to make him such allowance, in addition
to the compensation provided for by this bill, as
he shall deem proper. I submit to the Senate
whether this is not investing the head of a Depart-
ment with a very large power? In any case which
has such a degree of importance that it is necessary
that this additional allowance should be made, it
1 would seem to me to be fair that the representation
should be made to the head of the Department
originally, and that he should stipulate the extra
compensation which should be received. That is
exactly the provision of the bill of the committee.
If any case occurs of tliat character, upon the rep-
resentation of the attorney of the United States to
the head of a Department, he may stipulate the
additional compensation which shall be allowed.
But this amendment proposes to go furt her, and
to say that, after this service has been rendered,
he shall be invested with discretionary power to
allow whatever compensation he may deem proper.
I submit to the Senate that this is too largea power
to be conferred upon the head of a Department.
Mr. DOWNS. I consider that the amendment
which I offer carries out, and does nothing more
than carry out, the principle of the bill as it is re-
ported. It allows the head of a Department to
give whatever compensation he thinks proper in
particular cases. My amendment proposes to ex-
tend somewhat the provisions of the bill. But in
both the amendment and the bill the matter is left
discretionary with the head of the Department. It
seems to me that the provision as it now stands is
a very imperfect one; indeed I scarcely know
what it means. It says, " for his services as coun-
sel rendered at the request of the head of a De-
partment." Does it mean rendered at the request
of the head of a Department in a case not required
by law? If it is required by law it ought not to
; make any difference. If extraordinary aerviees
