220
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBK.
[Feb. 13,
31st Cong 2d Sess. Fees of Marshals, &fc.—Messrs. Berrien, Bradbury, and Pratt.
Senate.
North Carolina [Mr. Badger] says, thai there may ]
be many other cases. I do notknowof any others,
yet I cannot but suppose that the Comptroller has
applied the same rule to this particular case that
he applies to all others. Justice ought to be done
to these cases at the present time as well as to
cases in the future. This is a power, too, that
must necessarily be exercised by the head of a
Department sometimes. There are now going on
in iVevv Orleans, and have been going on i'or some 1
length of time, some very important trials, in
which the most eminent counsel, in addition to the
district attorney, have been especially employed
by the United States. Such things, under certain
circumstances, have repeatedly been done. This
very district attorney, who was turned out of his
office, was employed as an extra counsel in a great
case, by the same Administration which turned
him out. This discretionary power to employ
additional counsel must always be exercise 1. It
happened that during ihe term of service of the
late district attorney of New Orleans, litigation of
a larger amount, involving larger interests of the
United States than perhaps ever occurred in any
one State during the same length of time, came
before the court, to which that officer had to at- ;
tend, involving millions of acres; some of the most
valuable town property in New Orleans; and in-
volving nearly a quarter of a million of dollars, in 1
connection with the late Bank of the United
States. And yet, in the settlement of his ac-
counis, this gentleman was not allowed a com-
pensation according to the manner of his prede-
cessors. What injustice, then, can there be in
doinjjustice to this individual? I can see none.
The gentleman knows very well that there are I ,
great difficulties, almost insurmountable difficul-
ties, to be overcome by claimants against the
United States, to get justice. "We have passed a
bill to establish a board of accounts for the settle-
ment of private claims. But it has been rejected
elsewhere. We have our table loaded with some
five hundred bills, the greater portion of them pri- ;
vate bills, and many of the claimants are suffering ,
for the want of the amount of their claims. Yet
the gentleman is so technical that, in the ordinary
course of legislation on any subject germane to
the bill, necessary to it, and involving the same
considerations as it does, when a proposition is
brought forward to do justice in one of the strongest
possible cases, he calls it a private claim, and ob-
jects on that ground to what justice and fairness
would seem to me to require. But, then, suppose
that it is. Is that any objection to its justice?
I do not see that when we are making provision
for the future that the head of a Department may
make such reasonable allowances as he may think
proper, that we should not extend the provision
to the past. Certainly, the gentleman must be
much more afraid of the heads of the Departments !
than 1 am, and I hope anybody else would be, if
he objects to refer the justice of a claim to an
officer of the very same sort of an Administration
which turned the individual out of office. I think
there is no danger it it. If there be any danger, it
must be in allowing a discretionary power for the
future. I hope, then, that the suggestions which
were made by the honorable Senator from Maine
against this amendment were made hastily, and
that upon reflection he will believe this is a case
which does not require such zeal in opposition ?
Mr. BRADBURY. I certainly feel no zeal one
way or the other with regard to the amendment of
the honorable Senator from Louisiana. My sugges-
tion was, that I thought the amendment would be
incorporating into the bill a provision that would
operate injuriously. I would infinitely prefer that
the bill should provide that the proper accounting
officers might make settlements for the past, but
that for the future there should be an express pro-
vision that when extra services were rendered, an
arrangement should be made in advance, that the
Government might know the extent to which the
demands of the prosecuting officer would go.
I am perfectly awaro of the important services
rendered in the case to which the honorable Sena-
tor from Louisiana refers. I have no disposition to
undervalue those services, but I alluded to the cir-
cumstance because I deemed it objectionable to in-
corporate a private claim upon a bill of this char-
acter, but not nearly so objectioanb'e as to make
a provision which I deemed injurious to the inter-
ests of the public for the future. It appears to me
that the Senator from Louisiana will attain his ob-
ject better by applying to the Department, which
will undoubtedly make an allowance up to the
maximum of the law—$6,000 a year. That will
do something like justice to the district attorney to
whom he refers. We should recollect that the
judges of our Supreme Court receive but §4,500
per annum, and that they render services as ardu-
ous and as important as any other officers of the
Government.
Mr. BERRIEN. The difficulties which are
suggested by the Senator from Louisiana, arising
from a variety of causes, and from the omission
of legislation having reference to the subject in the
different States, it is precisely the object of this
bill to remedy. As the fees of the officers of the
United States are now regulated, they depend, first,
upon the laws of the United States; second, upon
the laws of the different States which have been
from time to time adopted or referred to in the
legislation of Congress; and, thirdly, upon the
usage and upon the practice which has grown up in
the different States, in the absence of legislation.
It is precisely to obviate that state of things that
this bill is submitted to the consideration of the
Senate. Permit me to say that the object, effect, !
and operation of the original provision of the bill '
of the Judiciary Committee, which it is contem-
plated to amend, seems to me to be misunderstood.
The provision in the amendment which has been
submitted by the committee proposes that when-
ever an extra service is rendered by a district
attorney, at the request of the head of a Depart-
ment, he shall be allowed to receive such compen-
sation as may be stipulated or agreed upon. What
is the effect of that provision ? Is it to invest the
head of a Department, as the Senator from North
Carolina seems to suppose, in that class of cases
which are spoken of by the Senator from Loui-
siana, with a power to stipulate in advance a com-
pensation additional to that which is allowed by
law? Do you mean, after having by law fixed the I
compensation of the district attorney, his salary !
and his fees, to transfer to the head of a Depart- j
ment the power of controlling that in every case in
which the district, attorney may have performed
services which are not adequately compensated by
the existing law? That is not the object of the
provision. Those cases which fall within the
sphere of the ordinary duties of the district attor-
ney, those services for which a compensation is
provided by law, remain untouched by this pro-
vision. But there are services which a district
attorney may be required to perform for which no
compensation, other than the inadequate compen-
sation resulting from his salary, is stipulated.
The effect of the provision is to allow the head of!
a Department, in such cases where compensation
is not stipulated by existing laws, to stipulate and
agree on the compensation which shall be allowed.
The effect of the amendment which is proposed by
the Senator from Louisiana is to place our whole
legislation upon this subject, in every case in
which the head of a Department may think that
extra service has been rendered, at the discretion
of the head of that Department.
It is said that the district attorney frequently '
performs a labor which is inadequately compen-
sated by the provisions of the existing law or by
the contemplated provisions of this bill. Grant it.
There are such cases; but there are multiplied
cases, in the ratio of ninety-nine to one, in which
he gets a compensation for no extra labor, for no '
extra skill which does not belong to an ordinary
clerk in an office. Taking the cases en masse, the
compensation is deemed by Congress—the infer-
ence is deduced from their legislation—to be an
adequate compensation; and that it is an adequate
compensation is obvious from the fact that the
office of the disfrict attorney does not go a-begging
under existing laws. There are an abundance of
competitors for this office. It can be well filled
under the provisions of existing statutes. It is
not necessary, in order to have this office well
filled, that you should invest the head of a Depart- 1
ment with power to give compensation for duties 1
(which are prescribed by law, and the compensa-
tion for which is prescribed by law) beyond that
compensation. No, sir; it is "to provide for cases
in which the compensation is not fixed by law,
which are beyond the ordinary routine, that it is
proposed the head of the Department should be
armed with a power in such cases in advance, to
stipulate the compensation which should be re-
ceived. Otherwise, if the amendment which is
now proposed should beadopted, our whole legis-
lation on this subject would become entirely
nugatory. It would be placing at the discretion
ofa head of a Department the salary which should
be given to a district attorney. The fees which
are allowed in cases where he has no extraordinary
services to perforin, where there are none per-
formed but the most ordinary services attendant
upon a lawyer's office, are compensated by the
existing law, and which it is proposed not to di-
minish by this bill. Taking- the multitude of
cases in which the district attorney receives this
compensation, he receives upon the whole a com-
pensation which is deemed adequate, although he
has extra labor to perform in some few particular
cases. The proposition in this case is to give to
the district attorney an extra compensation. I
submit to the consideration of the Senate the idea
that it would be safer to allow the district attorney,
according to the suggestion of the Attorney Gen-
eral, to come to Congress and present the partic-
ular case or cases in which these extra services
have been performed, in order to ask from them
an allowance beyond that which has been provi-
ded by law, rather than refer it to the head of a
Department in each case which may arise asking
us to go beyond the compensation which the law
has provided.
As the case will stand under the provisions of
the bill, the district attorney will receive the com-
pensation which is provided by law for the dis-
charge of his ordinary duties. These he will
discharge without any request from the head ofa
Department. The head of a Department will not
ask the district attorney of the United States to
prosecute any of those suits which come within
the ordinary course of his duty. It will be his
duty to attend to them without any such request.
But when, as frequently occurs in the settlement
of claims which are made upon the Government,
extra service is called for on the part of the district
attorney, then the provision of the bill allows the
head of a Department to stipulate the compensation
which is to be given for such extra service, other-
wise it is vain to legislate upon this subject; for,
after having fixed a compensation which is to be
allowed to the district attorney by law, and which
is a compensation adequate to securing the proper
talents for the discharge of the duties of that office,
you say to the head of a Department, in any case
when you think services are performed which are
not adequately compensated, you may allow at
your pleasure what you think proper, there would
be no use in legislating. That is the effect and
operation of the amendment which is proposed by
the Senator from Louisiana. If the Senate should
be disposed to adopt it, unquestionably it would
be a very great favor to the profession, especially
if the head of a Department should be a man dis-
posed to exercise his liberality. But 1 submit to
the Senate whether in any case that is provided for
by law, if the extra labor which is required to be
performed by the district attorney justly entitles
him to extra compensation, he ought to come be-
fore the Congress of the United States and obtain
their judgment upon the subject, they being the
persons who had originally fixed the compensation;
and that it is unsafe'to trust so large a discretion-
ary power either before or after the rendition of
the service. It is not the purpose of the provision
of the bill to do that, or to give that power to the
head of a Department.
The single question for the consideration of the
Senate is, whether, after having fixed the compen-
sation for the services which are to be performed
by the district attorney, they are willing in any
case in which the head of a Departmentmay think
he is inadequately compensated, to invest thehead
of the Department with power to enlarge that com-
pensation? My own idea is, that the compensa-
tion which is received is sufficient to secure the
talents, professional skill, and learning which are
adequate to the performance of these duties. It has
been so heretofore. I repeat, the bill does not pro-
pose to diminish, but to equalize the compensation
throughout the United States.
Mr. PRATT. I regret that I cannot vote for
the amendment which is proposed by my friend
