141.)
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLORE.
m
st Cong.....£d Sess.
Fres of Marshals, fyc.—Messrs. Domis, Berrien? Pratt, fyc.
Senate.
Ann Louisiana. If 1 correctly understand it, it is
to hsre two results: In the first place, it proposes
that nil these Allowances shall be made by the
heads of Departments after the rendition or ser-
vice, instead of by contract anterior to the per-
formance of the service. The practical result will
be that every district attorney, in almost every
cue, and the leas frequent important cases ntay
be, they will be disused to represent as important
what everybody else may consider of very .little
un|Hirtance, will apply to the Department for an
allowance, if the amendment be anopted. The bill
as it stands, authorises the head of the proper De-
partment, whenever an important case is to be
argued, to a^ree with the district attorney who is
to artrue it and the fee to he paid. That, in my
judgment, is entirely proper.
liut there is another class of cases which my
friend wishes to provide for, and which I think
ought to be provided for; that is, that when such
cases have heretofore occurred, we should provide
for a reasonable allowance for them. 1 have pre-
pared an amendment which, if my friend will con-
sent to adopt it in lieu of his own, I think will
answer the purpose which he designs, and will rid
the amendment of the difficulties which have been
suggested bv the Senator from Georgia. I pro-
pose to let tiie item stand as it is, and to add at
the end of it the words," and in any case in which <
extraordinary trouble, labor," 4c., may have
been bestowed by such attorney, the head of the
proper Department is hereby authorized to adjust
■ reasonable compensation tnerefor. I think with
this amendment the object of my friend will be
accomplished, and the amendment will not have
these defects which have been so ably pointed out
by the Senator from Georgia. Besides it will pro-
Tide for case* which may hereafter occur, as well
as for those which have heretofore occurred.
Mr. DOWNS. I accept that in lieu of my own
amendment.
Mr. BERRIEN. Mr. President, this is open-
ing the widest field that imagination can suggest in
relation to these compensations. It is proposed to
provide that in any ease when extraordinary ser-
vice or labor may be rendered by a district attor-
ney, the head of a Department may make such
allowance for it as he may deem reasonable.
What is the limit of that power as to time, as to
amount, as to circumstances ? Every district attor-
ney who has rendered a service in which extraor-
dinary labor has been required, great amounts have
been involved, a high degree of professional learn-
ing has become necessary, may come before the
Department and claim under this provision for
that service. 
Mr. PRATT. The Senator is certainly arguing
on a hypothesis which I did not wish to include in
the amendment. I intended it to operate on a class
of cases which have occurred anterior to the pas-
safe of this bill.
Mr. BERRIEN. And which have occurred
anterior to the passage of this bill, from the ap-
pointment of the first district attorney under this
Government. That is the proposition; that every
district attorney, from the foundation of the Gov-
ernment up to the present time, who has rendered
an extra service in any cause which he has prose-
cuted , may come before the head of a Department
and claim this day an allowance for that service.
That I understand to be the effect and operation
of the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Maryland.
I have said before, that the provision of the
amendment submitted by the committee which,
has been referred to does not apply to that class
of cases. It applies only to cases where compen-
sation is not provided for by law. The amend-
ment provides for the payment of an allowance to
district attorneys heretofore. Why, they have
been compensated by existing laws and their ac-
counts closed; and unless _you wish to flood the
Departments with the applications of every dis-
trict attorney who conceives that he has rendered
an important service, from the foundation of the
Government to this time, the amendment will be
rejected.
I repeat, I have no disposition to diminish the
fair compensation of a district attorney. All the
habits of my life—all my feelings, would revolt
against any measure which is calculated to deprive
them of a fair and ample compensation. But the
provision in this bill has no connection with that
question. The ordinary duties of a district attor-
ney will be performed by him without the request 1
of a head of a Department, and for this he wilt
receive the compensation which the law provides.
I say again, that if any case occurs in which an
extra compensation would be an act of justice to
a district attorney, it is the Congress of the Uni-
ted States who fixes compensation originally, and
not the head of a Department; that it is the proper
judge of the case in which extra compensation
should be allowed. This is to legislate upon the
compensation of this officer by general provisions,
and then to say to the head of a Department that
he may allow whatever compensation he may
think proper, overruling the legislation of Con-
gress. That would be the result of the interpreta-
tion given to this amendmentby other Senators; but
to that the Senator from Maryland, by the amend-
ment which he has proposed, and which the Sen-
ator from Louisiana has accepted, would add all
the caaes which have already occurred, so that
every district attorney would be entitled to come
forward and make a claim. With every disposi-
tion to advance the interests of this meritorious
class of officers, I trust the amendment will not
prevail.
Mr. DOWN'S. As the objection of the Senator
from Georgia is confined to a single point, and as
it is perfectly easy to remove that objection, I have
hopes that he will yet accede to the amendment.
His objection is that the amendment authorizes
claims to be set up for all services heretofore ren-
dered by district attorneys from the beginning of
the Government. The addition of a very few
words to the amendment would entirely do away
with that objection. This can be done, I think,
by making tne amendment provide for cases where
claims have been made for extraordinary services
heretofore unadjusted.
Mr. PRATT. I am free to admit that the ar-
gument of the Senator from Georgia ■ as to the i
phraseology of the amendment, will compel me to !
vote against it myself. It was not my intention
to have allowed such a latitudeand looseness in its
phraseology. I will therefore modify it so as to
say," ana that in any case of pending or unadjust-
ed claims in which extraordinary trouble,"&c.
Mr. BERRIEN. The effect ofthat amendment
will be this: Where a district attorney heretofore
has performed the duties of his office, and has
been content with the compensation allowed by
existing laws, he will be unprotected by the
amendment proposed.
Mr. PRATT. I will alter the amendment sons
to say, " and that in any case of pending and un-
adjusted claims not provided for by law," &c.
Mr. BERRIEN. Then I will submit that the
amendment will not accomplish the object of the
learned Senator. Pending claims which have not
been adjusted, and which are not provided for by
law, certainly would not embrace the class of cases
referred to by the Senator from Louisiana, for he
proposes extra compensation in cases which are
provided for by law, wherever a suit involves a
great amount, or requires an extra degree of skill
and professional learning. The modification which
is now proposed by the Senator from Maryland
excludes these cases altogether, for he proposes to
allow this compensation only in cases which are
not provided for by law. I submit to the Senate
whether the result of this discussion has not ren-
dered it obvious that this amendment, neither in
its original nor its modified form, should be
adopted.
Mr. SOULE. I hope the amendment will pre-
vail. It is intended to cover cases which are cer-
tainly entitled to our favorable consideration. I
understand that, under the existing laws, while
provision is made for services to be rendered gen-
erally throughout the country by district attorneys,
regulating tne allowances to be made to them for
those services upon the existing tariff of fees in
the States where such a tariff exists, that services
have been rendered by these officers in certain
States where no tariff of fees exists, which cannot
be settled under the existing laws otherwise than
by the head of the Department here taking the
claims arising out of such services into considera-
tion, and making proper allowance for them. I
understand that but very few cases of the kind
have been presented to the consideration of the De-
partment, and the amendment is intended to cover
these few cases only.
1 cannot perceive what danger is to result from
the adoption of the amendment, the object of
which is merely to protect pending claims against
a refusal on tile part of the Pepnrtment to settle
them. Why, there can be no dnnger, for if the
services have not been rendered the claims will be
disregarded. But if there have been actual servi-
ces rendered not contemplated by existing laws,
which cannot be compensated under these laws, it
is but just to place the Department in a condition
that will enable it to have a settlement of these
claims, so that justice may be awarded to the
claimants. Taking that view of the amendment,
I shall certainly vote for it.
Mr. BERRIEN. I will a*k that the amend-
ment be read as it has been finally modified.
The amendment was read , as follows:
" And that in any case of pending and unadjusted claims
in which extra labor, 8te. mnyhave been bestowed by such
attorney, the head of the proper Department is hereby au-
thorized to adjuotand allow reiiiouable compensation there-
for."
Mr. BERRIEN. That unquestionably does
not embrace the class of eases referred to by the
Senator from Louisiana who last addressed the
Chair. I perceive in the amendment as it is now
proposed, the words "not provided for by law"
are omitted, and it is that class of cases to
which the Senator from Louisiana who last ad-
dressed the Chair referred. The amendment then
stands upon its original footing. It is to invest
the head of a Department with power to make an
allowance in every case where a claim be presented
for extra services and labor bestowed in it case
which was provided for by law. That is liable to
the objection that I suggested before, except that
it will be confined to the cases of those district at-
torneys who, not content with the compensation
the law provided, have made claims on the De-
partment for extra compensation, while it will
exclude those more moderate men who have per-
formed services, and been content with the com-
pensation the law allows. The objection, there-
fore, remains.
Mr. SOULE. The mover of the amendment
authorizes me to say that he will accept the amend-
ment which I now suggest, by adding the words
alluded to by the Senator from Georgia, which
brings it within the view I suggested. I therefore
propose the following, which is accepted by my
colleague as his amendment:
" And in any case of pending and unadjusted claims, in
which extraordinary labor, trouble, &.c. may have, been
bestowed by such attorney, in cases not provided for by
law, the head of the proper Department is hereby author-
ized to adjust and allow reasonable compensation there-
for."
Mr. CHASE. This bill, as reported by the
Committee on the Judiciary, contemplates a great
and beneficial object—a uniform regulation for
fees throughout the United States. I nad hoped,
and still hope, that the Senate will not consent to
ingraft upon this bill any provisions which are
not strictly germane to it. As I view the propo-
sition of the honorable Senator from Maryland, it
is to refer to the adjustment of the Secretary of the
Treasury certain claims arising in cases where
there is no provision of law—which have never
received the action of Congress, nor the examina-
tion of its committees. It is a proposition, then,
to provide for an allowance of certain private
elaims without the examination of them by the
proper committee of the body. It is proposed to
put these claims into a bill for the regulation of
fees. Why, it seems to me, that that simple con-
sideration is enough to decide the fate of the
amendment with those who are really friends to
this bill; for it is very obvious that if this bill be
loaded down with provisions of this character, its
passage will become extremely doubtful, if not
altogether impossible. The district attorneys, for
whose claims, without any limitation of number,
without any ascertainment of amount, it is now
proposed to provide an adjustment, have accepted
their offices and have performed their labors.
They knew when they entered upon their duties
the amount of compensation which they would
| receive; and that compensation, I think, is liberal.
! I believe that it goes up to the amount of $6,000
per year, by the allowance of the Department.
Beyond that, we know that these district attor-<
