926
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 15,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Fees of Marshals, &fc.—Messrs. Underwood, Walker, fyc.
Senate.
provision in the act to which the Senator from
Kentucky called our attention, which limits the j
compensation to six thousand dollars.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. It does not come up to j
six thousand dollars. Thirty-five hundred dollars
is allowed as the maximum, for the clerk of the
circuit court, and twenty-five hundred dollars for
the clerk of the district court; so that it makes six
thousand dollars for the two clerkships, and not
six thousand dollars each.
Mr. WALKER. Taking it in that point of view,
there can be no injury done under this amend-
ment by making provision that the clerkships shall
be separated when the fees of either of them shall
exceed six thousand dollars. It will therefore
leave the proposition without any evil in it, if this
freat compensation be not charged and received.
cannot, therefore, see any real objeciion to the
adoption of the amendment.
Mr. GWIN. I think it is perfectly evident that
this bill cannot be disposed of to-day. I have an
amendment to offer which I consider to be one of
importance to my constituents, and which may
lead to some .discussion. There are other mem-
bers, I know, who intend and expect to discuss
the bill. We should bear in mind also that in two
weeks the session will close, and every moment of 1
time is important. I do not believe there is any
possibility of this bill becoming a law, if it does
pass the Senate. I do not think there is the slight-
est prospect of it; because we know that bills which ' j
have passed the Senate have been for days lying
on the Speaker's table in the House of Representa-
tives, and not even yet referred—bills of infinite
importance. And I was informed by the chair- j
man of the Judiciary Committee of the House that 11
there was not the slightest prospect or probability |i
of passing this bill there, even if it passed this |J
body. I therefore hope that this bill will be laid ''
aside, and that we will go into executive session.
I am anxious to have an executive session on busi-
ness of importance. I therefore move to postpone ■
the further consideration of this bill until Monday, !i
in order to proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
Mr. BERRIEN. I desire to say that I am but
fulfilling a duty imposed on me in relation to a bill
which is confessedly of general importance. I
think that a very simple answer may be given to
the difficulty which is now suggested, if the Sen-
ate could only be prevailed upon to act upon the
principle that a bill like this, involving multiplied
details, cannot possibly present itself acceptably
to each individual Senator, and the only mode .of
rendering it perfect is by experience, if it be per-
mitted to become a law. If the Senate repose full
confidence in the committee, and those engaged in
the preparation of the bill, to believe that it is really
not liable to the multiplied exceptions which have
been made, and if the Senator would satisfy him-
self of the propriety of the exceptions he takes,
and every one else would do the same, each for
himself, I think we should bring this bill to a
speedy conclusion; I hope, therefore, it will not
be postponed.
It is true, as stated by the Senator from Ken-
tucky, that the act of 1842—and it was my inten-
tion to have answered the motion of the Senator
from Wisconsin by referring to that act—in its
terms is applicable to clerks of the circuit and dis-
trict courts of the United States. Now, I under-
stand that there is in the District of Columbia, as
distinct from the courts of civil jurisdiction, a crim-
inal court; and while the amendment of the Sena-
tor from Wisconsin is not applicable to the United 1
States courts generally, because the criminal and 11
civil jurisdiction of the circuit and district courts in 1
the States is not separated, it is applicable to the
District of Columbia.
Allow me to say that I do not acquiesce in the
suggestion that the act of 1842 is inoperative. I
believe the limitations provided in that act are en-
forced at the Treasury Department, and no inform-
ation which we could get on that subject would
aid us in acting on the present bill. But 1 think
the object of the Senator from Wisconsin would
be better attained by withdrawing his amendment
and substituting for it a proviso that the office of
the clerk of the criminal court in the District of
Columbia should not be held by the same person
holding the office of clerk of the district and circuit
courts of the United Stales in the District.
The motion to postpone was not agreed to.
Mr, WALKER. I withdraw my amendment,
and offer the proviso suggested by the Senator
from Georgia.
' " Provided, That the office of the clerk of the criminal
court of the District of Columbia shall not be held by the
person holding the olhce ot clerk of the district and circuit
courts of tiie United States in the said district, or either ot
them."
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The idea in which I
would like to cooperate with the Senator from
Wisconsin seems to be wholly disregarded by him;
that is, to require the duty to be performed by the
same individual, but to lessen his compensation.
The effect of the amendment will be to allow the
clerk of the criminal court to have his six thousand
dollars, and also to allow the clerk of the other
courts to have his six thousand. So that by the
legislation we are indulging m we are to have
twelve thousand dollars paid to two individuals,
instead of six thousand to one, if the fees willjust-
ify it. That is the effect, if the fees make up that
sum. If the fees will make up five thousand dol-
lars for each, or four thousand dollars for each, it
will be more than it ought to be. In this way, by
the legislation proposed by the gentleman, we are
to have two men with an increased compensation
where one has been found competent to do the
duty. That is the effect of it.
But that is not all. We had applications, year
after year, to make an appropriation to help to ,
finish the City Hall. We were told when these
applications were made that there was one great
reason why we should make such an appropria-
tion; that there was no accommodation 111 the build-
ing for the clerk's office; that there were not suffi- |
cient rooms provided for the courts; and, according :
to the examination I at one time made, I really
found that there was some ground for this state-
ment. Now all the books pertaining to these two I
offices which we now propose to create are in one
room. All the books which have been kept for
years in relation to tiiese courts are in the same
room, and kept by the same clerk. There is com-
plaint that- there is not adequate provision made
for the accomodation of his sole office and its
books. The room which he now has, it is said,
is not sufficient. That is made a ground of com-
plaint. And here we propose to make provision
for two separate offices, without making any pro-
vision for the custody of the books and records.
You are hastily called upon to separate and divide
the duties of the office into two offices, when there
is no complaint that one man cannot discharge the
duties of both. There is no complaint on that
point; there never has been. The two courts can-
not sit at one and the same time, because tllG law-
yers engaged in one court are engaged in the other.
They therefore cannot get along without having
separate days on which to hold the courts for the |
accommodation of the lawyers. One clerk, there-
fore, cannot attend to the duties of both. You j
make no provision for separate offices. Complaint ,
has been made almost from time immemorial as to '
the want of room, and yet we are to divide this
office into two offices, and allow the incumbent of 1
each to receive the maximum amount of salary,
instead of going on my idea and making one man
perform the duties of both offices, but lessening
his compensation if it be too high. ,
I am sorry to believe, from what 1 have wit-
nessed here so long, that it is the inevitable course
of legislation that you will go on multiplying sala- f
ries, multiplying those who are to live on office
and become consumers instead of producers. That
is the course we have pursued; and I am sorry to
see such a proposition to continue that course come
from the gentleman from Wisconsin—a gentleman
who has been par excellence the friend of the actual
laborer and tiller of the soil, and who has made
speech after speech which seems to me to run di-
rectly in conflict with the principle which he is
now proposing. I am sorry to see the proposition
come from that quarter. It seems to me that the
gentleman ought to have availed himself of my
suggestion, that, if this man can perform the du-
ties of the two offices, let him do it; but, if he re-
ceives too much, curtail his fees, instead of multi-
plying offices and officers.
Air. BADGER. I am glad the Senator from
Wisconsin has proposed this amendment, for it
seems to me to be perfectly right in principle. If
I understand this matter, when the criminal court
was established in this District, Congress, to try
an experiment, directed that the clerk of the cir-
cuit court should act as clerk of the criminal court,
and transferred some of the business of the circuit
court to the criminal court. That experiment has
been tried; it has been found that there is ample
business for both courts, and each one of these
offices is sufficient to support and maintain a clerk
well and respectably. Now, I think it is clearly
against the policy of the Government to allow one
man to hold two or three offices, except where two
or three offices united together are necessary to
make a respectable and competent support for the
individual.
There is another reason for this amendment.
Here is a judge of the criminal court, and he has
appointed for him a clerk by another court of
which he is not a judge. Why subject him to the
situation of having a subordinate in his court, not
deriving his appointment from, not responsible to,
and not removable by him ? The compensation of
the two offices is sufficient to maintain two sepa-
rate and independent clerks. Therefore I say the of-
fice should be separate. I think that my friend
from Kentucky comes to a mistaken conclusion
on the subject. It is not multiplying offices and
multiplying those who are to li\e on the offices of
the country. The only difference the amendment
will make, if adopted, will be that instead of one
gentleman holding two offices, and discharging the
duties of one in person, and the duties of the other
by deputy, (which of course is the case in all such
offices of value and importance like this,) you al-
low the deputy to become principal in his own
court, responsible to the judge whom he serves,
and receiving the compensation now paid for those
duties which devolve upon him in the character of
deputy. That is the whole matter. I think that
when the fees are sufficient to maintain two clerks,
the judge'of the criminal court ought to have the
power, like the judge of every other court, to ap-
point the clerk of his own court.
Mr. HALE. I have become sensible that we
shall not end this bill to-day. I have had a con-
versation since we have been in session to-day
with the chairman of the Judiciary Committee of
the House, and he tells me that by no possibility
can this bill be reached in the House. Conse-
quently, as it cannot receive the action of the other
House, I move to lay the bill on the table, in order
to have a test vote.
Mr. BERRIEN. Will the Senator withdraw
the motion ? I will renew it if he will withdraw it.
Mr. HALE. I will do so on that condition.
Mr. BERRIEN. I desire to say that this is a
new principle brought in to operate on the legisla-
tion of the Senate of the United States. Here we
are in the discharge of our duties, and a Senator
rises and says that he has had an unofficial con-
versation with the chairman of the Judiciary Com-
mittee of the other House, who expressed the
opinion that this bill could not be reached there
even if we passed it. Is it possible that the Senate
are prepared to proceed on a principle like that?
I trust not. At any rate, I have discharged my
duty.
With regard to the amendment of the Senator
from Wisconsin, I acquiesce in it as proper. I
had omitted to state before that this criminal court
of the District of Columbia is a court that was
established distinctly by the act of 1838, which
act, as the Senator from North Carolina has stated,
made it the duty of the clerk of the circuit court
to act as the clerk of the criminal court. It pre-
sents, therefore, the singular anomaly of a judge
of a court holding a court with a clerk that is not
amenable to his order, but who is appointed by
another judge, and liable to be removed by that
judge whenever he thinks proper. With regard
to the same person being clerk of a circuit and
district court in the States, it is eminently proper
because he is the appointee of the same judge in
both cases, if the district judge is a member of the
circuit court.
It seems to me, therefore, that there is great
propriety in the amendment of the Senator from
Wisconsin, and! hope that we will be allowed to
tfflie the question on it, and that this motion to lay
on the table, which the Senate will pleaste consider
as renewed by the Senator from New Hampshire,
will not prevail.
