1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
227
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Fees of Marshals, fyc.—Messrs. Berrien, Gwin, fyc.
Senate.
The motion to lay on the table was rejected, and
the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BERRIEN. I would now appeal to the
Senate to allow the bill to be reported to the Sen-
ate. If there are any further amendments to
offer, let them be offered after the bill shall have
been reported. >
Mr. GWIN. I have an additional section to ■
offer to the bill, which I will now offer. It is as
follows:
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That tlie compensa-
tion to attorneys, solicitors, and proctors, in the United
States courts, to United States district attorneys, clerks,
marshal?, jurors, commissioners, and printers in California,
shall for four years be one hundred per cent, more than is
allowed tn said parties by this act, unless otherwise directed
by Congress.
That is carrying out the provisions of the law
that extended the judicial system of the United
States in California. That law was introduced
and passed subsequent to the time this bill was re-
ported ; and if this section is not incorporated in
the bill, it will repeal that law before it goes into
operation. I merely wish this bill to conform to
the legislation which has already taken place.
Mr. BERRIEN. I acquiesce in the sugges*-
tions of the Senator that there ought to be some
difference between the rate of fees in California
and the rate in other States of the Union, but I
think the rate of one hundred per cent, which he
proposes is too high. If he will modify it so as
to make it fifty per cent. I will concur in it.
Mr. BRADBURY. " I would suggest to the
Senator from California that his end would be
better reached by providing that the provisions of
this bill shall not apply to California.
Mr. GWIN. I accept the modification pro-
posed by the Senator from Georgia, and say fifty
per cent, instead of a hundred.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. CHASE. I submit an amendment to strike
out of the provision in relation to the pay of de-
puty marshals the following words:
" Said deputy performing the duty of crier while so attend-
ing, for which no additional compensation shall be allowed."
The object of the amendment is simply to strike
out that clause which provides that the duties of
crier shall be performed by one of the deputy mar-
shals. There is in most of the courts an officer
known as a crier, who is appointed by the court;
and it would be a great convenience to the court
and to the profession that that officer should be
continued.
Mr. BERRIEN. The amendment, I under-
stand, is offered at the desire of the judges of sev-
eral of our courts, and I hope therefore it will be
adopted.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. BADGER. I move to add at the end of
the third section, after the provision of the bill of
the committee giving, under certain circumstances,
office rent to clerks, the following:
"Provided, That the judges of the circuit and district
courts,' respectively, shall designate the place at which the
clerk's office shall he kept, and prescribe the hours of attend-
ance of the clerks for the transaction of business."
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. BADGER. There is a provision in the
bill, fixing the compensation of jurors for actual
attendance at court at $1 50 per day. I move to
strike out $1 50 and insert $2.
In the places in which the Federal courts are
held in North Carolina, I know that no man can
live in a decent and respectable place of entertain-
ment for fl 50 a day. These gentlemen are sum-
moned from the adjacent counties to discharge
judicial duties, and I think their conpensation
should be adequate to defray their expenses. It
is for this reason that I move to strike out $1 50
and insert $2.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend the amendment
of the Senator from North Carolina by inserting
$3 instead of $2.
Mr. BERRIEN. I rise to a question of order.
The amendment of the Senator from North Caro-
lina is an amendment to the amendment reported
by the Judiciary Committee, and therefore no
amendment to it is in order.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Geor-
gia is correct.
Mr. HALE. Then, instead of making any re-
marks on the amendment which I intended to
offer, I will oppose the amendment of the Senator
from North Carolina.
I oppose the amendment of the Senator from
North Carolina, because I think two dollars a day
insufficient compensation for these jurors. Two
dollars a day is not sufficient to pay the expenses
of jurors, if t&ey come and live in such towns as
the honorable Senator from North Carolina has
spoken of, at the same house with the judges and
lawyers. Take the grand jurors, for instance. '
They come from all parts of the State; they come
from a great distance, and frequently, I suppose,
come in company with the attorneys and judges
that attend the court; and what is the necessity
they are under ? They must either pay every cent
that they receive for attending the court at the
tavern where they can get respectable board, or
1 else when they go into town tney must separate
from the judges and attorneys, who go to some
decent hotel, and go to cellars or groggeries where j
they can live on a dollar or a dollar and a quarter i
a day. If they do not do this, they must go to a
respectable tavern where their bills will amount
to all they receive, to say nothing of traveling
expenses. The five cents a mile allowed for
traveling is too little in those parts of the United
States where traveling is done in stage coaches,
to say nothing of what they must get on the road.
While we are so much concerned about marshals
and clerks and district attorneys, and limiting their
expenses to six or seven thousand dollars per
year, I ask where is the propriety of stinting jurors
to a sum that will not pay their actual expenses ?
My impression is that jurors ought to be paid not
only their expenses but a liberal compensation.
' They ought to be paid at least as much as they
1 can earn by daily labor at home, if they are farm-
ers, or mechanics, or merchants, taken from their
labor and called into the service of the coun-
try to serve in the important capacity of jurors;
for I look upon it as one of the highest capacities
in which a man can act.
When they are thus called on to act, I say it is
not consistent with the dignity of the Government
' to ask these men to work for nothing; for this bill
does not give them anything, I may say. I hope
1 that gentlemen who are so anxious that marshals,
clerks, and attorneys shall be paid liberally, will
not look with disfavor upon a proposition to pay
the jurors an amount which shall cover their ex-
penses, but that they will at least pay them that.
I assume that this bill and this amendment does
not pay them anything at all. A man who comes
j from any considerable distance to attend the Feder-
■ al courts as a juror in the State of New Hamp-
1 shire—I speak for that State alone—will go home
out "of pocket. If he undertakes to live as he
! ought to live—like a gentleman, not extravagant-
1 ly—but if he lives like a simple country gentle-
man, he will go home the poorer for having been
called on to discharge a duty to the Government.
There are sometimes jurors that go from the same
I town with the district attorney and clerk, but
when they reach the place where the courtis held,
the district attorney and clerk go to the best house-
■*-for, as they are paid liberally for everything
they do and five dollars a day besides, they can
1 afford to go to the best houses—but the jurors must
go to some inferior place, take a lunch in their
pocket, or something of that sort, or go home out
i of pocket. I think it would be disgraceful to
anybody except the Senate to treat their servants
in this way. I hflpe if this bill passes we will
begin, not to be liberal, but not to be quite so
mean as we have been in regard to the compensa-
tion of jurors.
Mr. FOOTE. The honorable Senator has con-
vinced me, and I suppose nearly everybody else,
of the truth of what he has said. I am satisfied
that jurors ought to have three dollars a day at
least.
Mr. BERRIEN. It has been the misfortune of
this bill, I think, that it has not been examined
previously to the discussions which have taken
place upon it. I have no objection to raising the
compensation of jurors to two dollars per day, if
that be in accordance with the sense of the Senate.
But I will call the attention of Senators to the fact
that the bill, besides allowing them a dollar and
fifty cents a day, provides a mileage of five cents
for every mile they travel to court, and it provides
: also that in civil cases when a verdict is rendered
the jurors shall be entitled to twenty-five cents for
each case wherever it is so rendered. I think the
bill as it is provides a sufficient compensation.
The amendment of Mr. Badger was rejected.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend the amendment
! of the committee by striking out of the provision
for the compensation of jurors one dollar and fifty
cents and inserting three dollars. I wish to say a
word with regard to a suggestion which has been
made by the Senator from Georgia. He says
that twenty-five cents for each verdict they render
in a civil cause is to be added to the compensation
of jurors. I venture the estimate that it will be
found in the small districts, such as North Car-
olina and New Hampshire—I mean small as to
the amount of business—that it will not increase
' the compensation of jurors one cent a day on
the average. Because, in the first place, it does
' not apply to grand jurors at all; in the next place,
there are a great number of these courts holden
where there are no trials except those to which the
United States is a party. Again, it is frequently
the case that the court sits trying a cause a week,
two weeks, three weeks. You propose to give a
juror, as an additional stimulus for him to work
well, twenty-five cents for three weeks'work; and
this is seriously urged as an additional compensa-
1 tion, as a very liberal allowance. I can hardly
i think the gentleman is serious in urging this as
any additional compensation. I have no doubt
that on examination it will be found, averaging
between the grand jurors and petit jurors, it will
. not actually increase their compensation one cent
! a day. So I put that entirely out of the case; it
i' does not amount to anything; it will not even
I: come up to a good joke to offer a man twenty-five
cents for three weeks' work.
Then, in regard to travel, the bill allows five"
cents per mile to jurors for traveling. That will
not pay theiractual expenses except on railroads.
I think you will hardly find a stage coach in the
United States in which you can travel for five •
cents per mile. And travelling in a stage is not
like traveling in a steamboat; you must stop at
' the stage taverns, and, even in temperance times,
' if you do not take something to drink, you must
1 get something to eat. Five cents per mile will not
pay forra man's traveling 'expenses, to say noth-
ing of the loss of his time and the sacrifie of his
business. Then he goes to attend the court, and
he must go and live in an oyster cellar, or some-
! thing of that sort, or else go home out of pocket.
! Gentlemen are fond of talking of such " enlight-
I ened people" as we have, such a "glorious hard-
j fisted yeomanry." So many eulogies are pro-
nounced on " the people" that I think it is well to
see how high is our estimate of this " intelligent
yeomanry." Let us see if it comes up to three
dollars per day. Let us have a little practical de-
mocracy, and while compensating marshals ten
and twenty dollars per day, when we call in " the
people" to help to administer justice, let us pay
them something. This bill pays them nothing,
but actually taxes them to come to court and hear
lawyers make long speeches. I think the compen-
sation should be five dollars per day; but as this
I is a progressive age we will get up to five after
awhile. I am content, however, to make it three
: dollars per day now.
I Mr. FOOTE. I perfectly concur in the views
J which have just been so potently stated by the
! honorable Senator from New Hampshire; and I
am very glad that the honorable Senator is return-
ing to his former democratic principles. I certainly
have never heard views expressed in this Senate
so decidedly Democratic in their character, or more
Eotentially expressed than those which have just
een expressed.
| I wish to make a remark in relation to this pay-
'! ing jurors twenty-five cents for each verdict they
j render. Old Jeremy Bentham informed us years
! ago that, in his opinion, the whole proceeding of
the common law, by means of which jurors were
confined to the room in which they were to con-
i sider their verdict, and starved from day to day,
and from night to night, until they could agree,
! was, if not designed to have that effect, calculated
I to induce perjury, because of the great physical
suffering which must b > experienced by the jurors
i if they did not harmonize; and they could not
] 1 render a verdict without harmonizing. Inasmuch
I as there is more variety in the organization of hu-
