230
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 12,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
The Public Printing—Mr. Marshall.
Ho. of Reps.
poor as she is, pays more to her jurors than this
hill proposes to pay to the jurors of the United
States.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the amendment will be
ndepted, because from my experience I have seen
that such a provision is necessary. I was mar-
shal for many years in Mississippi, and I never
on any occasion knew of jurors who paid their
expenses at $1 25 a day. At the close of my con-
nection with that office it became to be an estab-
lished rule with the marshal to select wealthy men,
rich men, to serve on the juries, in order that they
wight be able to pay their expenses. On account
of the compensation not being adequate to defray
the expenses of the jurymen, we had to select
rich men; and, in order to secure their attendance,
the judge would often fine them $500 if they did
not attend, in order to have a jury to carry on the
business of the court.
Mr. HALE called for the yeas and nays on the
amendment, and they were ordered.
The question being taken, by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 10, nays 21.
No quorum voting, on motion,
The Senate adjourned.
[This bill was not subsequently taken up.]
THE PUBLIC PRINTING.
SPEECH OF HON. H. MARSHALL,
OF KENTUCKY,
In the House or Representatives,
Wednesday, February 12, 1851,
Upon a joint resolution introduced by the Com-
mittee on Public Printing, regulating the print-
ing and the compensation of the Contractor.
Mr. MARSHALL said: The resolutions in-
troduced by the Committee on Printing, of which
my colleague [Mr. Morehead] says he is " an
accidental member," are no more nor less than prop-
ositions to nullify an existing law of the land,
without erasing it from the statute book by a reg-
ular repeal of its provisions.
I find myself reluctantly engaged again in this
discussion, by the course of remark indulged in
by the member from Baltimore, [Mr. McLane,]
and by the impulse which my colleague would
give anew to a subject, which the action of Con-
gress at its last session should have closed, defini-
tively and forever. If gentlemen mean to repeal
the contract system; if they think it is a bad sys-
tem; if they have been persuaded that the con-
tiactors of 1849 should be relieved and remu-
nerated, let them come to the work in the face of
day, and in terms which the people of this country
will readily understand.
The gentleman from Maryland, assuming that
there is now no doubt of the propriety of passing
resolutions of the tenor of those upon the Clerk's
table, undertakes to say that Congress was, at the
close of the last session, inclined to be liberal,
and would have been so but for imputations cast
by me upon Mr. Ritchie.
The gentleman assumes that I have admitted the
contracts to have been taken " ruinously low," and
seems to have understood me as building there-
upon the imputation of bad faith to which he has
chosen to recur. Sir, I never have said the con-
tracts were taken at ruinous rates: I do not believe
it. I have seen no evidence of loss, and am yet
to be convinced that loss has occurred. And if it
has occurred, I have seen no evidence that it was
unavoidable under the rates at which the contracts
were procured. Since the gentleman from Balti-
more referred to the remarks made by me on the
last night of the last session on this subject, I have
turned to the publication of my speech in the Con-
gressional Globe. I have re-read it, and, letter for
letter and word for word, I now endorse all the re-
marks made by me on that occasion, and will stand by
their verity. Among other things I then said, the
House will pardon me for inviting the special at-
tention of members to the following sentences:
" But, sir, tlie country will be startled to ascertain that,
after all the sympathetic tears shed here and elsewhere,
over the ruin with which this gentleman is said to be over-
whelmed by these contracts, not one word oj testimony has
[eeii introduced—not a particle -of evidence has been exhib-
ited—-to proi'c a specific loss. We have called the attention
of witnesses and parties to the desire to know the sources
oi Io«s, and theepecific losses buffered. We have exam-
ined the chiefs of various departments of business in the
Union office—in the employment of Mr. Ritchie himself;
and I should have been pleased to assist in ferreting out
' the ways and sources by which he is oppressed by these
contracts; but notwithstanding these witnesses were, liy
their position and acquaintance with the business, best
qualified to show in what and how the losses have been in-
curred, and notwithstanding it must have been suggested
to the mind that the country would require to know exactly
in what the loss had been sustained, I repeat that the ex-
amination has been confined, on his part, to general decla-
rations that the terms of the contracts were too low, and
would result ih loss to the contractors, without,in any in-
stance, showing how, where, and to what amount the loss
was incurred. We have taken testimony as to the elements
of cost; we have examined the force of the office employed i
on the Congressional printing; we know how many presses
I are run by the engine, the cost of fuel, the wages of the en-
gnteer, the wages of the pressmen and boys, the cost of
paper and ink, the price of composition, of folding, stitch- ,
' ing, sewing, gathering, collating, binding—in fine, of every- I
, tiling, even to the percentage on prime cost which makes
up " wear and tear"' of the material of the office—and we
are unable, by a comparison of these with the contract
prices, to perceive the means, under prudent management,
by which these contractors are to be overtaken by the ruin
so much deprecated by gentlemen in Congress and out of
, doors." 1
, Since the utterance of those remarks months
have elapsed, and we find this contractor again at 1
our doors with the cry of" Ruin ! Rum !"upon his j
tongue, and with a demand for " naked, sheer |
justice" upon the tongues of his advocates. Now, ]
again, I call upon him and them for the exhibit of
specific loss. I call upon them at least to afford us
an approximation to the actual loss sustained, and
to let the country see what were the sources of the
losses of which they so bitterly complain. My hon-
orable colleague must have anticipated this demand, 1
as he furnished the reply thereto, by saying that I
"paper calculations" are not satisfactory criteria by
which to estimate the loss. "Throw arithmetic to
the dogs," is his motto; and well it may be, when
he prepares to justify the vote which he gave in
this case last session, and which he stands to-day
prepared to give.
j, I have stated heretofore that I entertain no feel-
i i ing as to the result of these resolutions, because of
11 any unkindness to Mr. Ritchie. I have no ac-
! quaintance with that individual, and, certainly,
! no animosity towards him. I am not in the con-
dition of my friend from South Carolina, [Mr.
Orr,] who complains of the unmerited aspersions
upon his motives and mine; forindeed Jhavenever
j seen any of the articles of the Union newspaper j
i upon this subject. It matters not to me what
j diatribes may be spun out against me in the col-
! umns of a newspaper; they cannot disturb my
I: temper or affect my course in public life. They
I pass by me"as the idle wind which I regard not."
| But in this instance I have not seen the articles to
which the member refers. In the presence of the
House and the country, I repeat that my resist-
: ance to the passage of these resolutions springs
from a desire to " establish justice," and to main-
tain the law as it stands. It hath this extent—no
j more.
! I said at the last session that a combination ex-
!' isted to break down the contract system, with the
view of returning to the law of 1819, as the stand-
ard by which the prices of the public printing
should be regulated. I said that it appeared these
contracts were improperly procured, and that at
the time they were entered into there was no in-
tent, upon the part of these contractors, to perform
the work for which their obligation was executed.
I spoke from the testimony which had been taken
before the Special Committee of Investigation, of
which 1 was a member, and I did "nothing ex-
; tenuate nor set down aught in malice." The state-
i ments I then made, I repeat now. I ask the atten-
tion of the House to the extracts which I shall
read from the testimony of witnesses who appeared
and made statements under oath, and I defy the
j most skeptical to doubt either the correctness or
fairness of my conclusions. They must impeach
the witnesses, not my deductions from the evi-
dence: for the evidence being veritable the conclu-
sions I draw result inevitably—
' My first proposition is, that there was a design
when the contract was entered into, to violate it
with the view of breaking down the contract sys-
tem. Now. to the proof upon this point:
It will be observed that Mr. Trenholm and
Mr. Belt, who are employees in the office of Mr.
Ritchie—the first his foreman, and the last a jour-
' neyman printer, who works at weekly wages—
II were the successful bidders in 1349.
Cornelius Wendell, the public printer of the
Thirtieth Congress, swears:
" Trenholm has repeatedly said to me that the reason for
such low bidding was to breakup the contract system. i
! never saw Belt—I do not know hiin.
" Tiie way Trenholm stated in which they designed to
break up the contract system was by bidding low, and, the
Democratic party having a majority in Congress, the con-
tract system would be broken up by the party, and the old
man (meaning Mr. Ritchie) would get the benefit of it, and
would then be elected printer to Congress. This scheme
was conveyed to me by Trenholm in frequent conversa
tions, always allnding to Ritchie as being the real contractor
for the public printing, and he never intimated that he or
Belt had any interest in tiie contract; and Trenholm de-
' clared, several days before the contract was given m form
to Trenholm and Belt, anil on the days the bids were opened,
that Ritchie meant to have the contract if he took it for a
hundred thousand dollars less than the wort: could be done
for. Hiriee the meeting of the present Congress, Mr. Tren-
holm has suggested to me that, if the contract system could
be broken up, Father Ritchie might be elected printer to the
House, and Gales and Seaton printers to the Senate—and if
j I would aid in accomplishing the object, two papers—thru
is, the Union and National Intelligencer—and their friends
would aid in getting us such an allowance as would make
up our losses for printing for the last Congress, and that, in
breaking up the contract system, the printing for the De-
partments would also be broken up, and Gideon, oi" the
Republic, could in that way get rid of his contrarts, and he
restored to the old system, and this inducement would keep
! him still, and induce him to go with us."
" I have conversed witli Trenholm since this committee
was appointed, and he stated that he hoped the investiga-
tion would result in breaking up the contract system."
***** "Trenholm has informed me that the
public printing was delayed on purpose, and for the object
to break up the contract system, and thereby restore the old
system."
***** "From my conversations with him, niv
belief is that he has not now, never had, and never expectei
' to have, any interest in the contracts, and only had asalarj
The next witness to this point is Mr. Lemuel
) Towers, of Washington city—a printer, and a bid-
der for the public printing. He says:
" After the bids were declared, and before the session of
the present Congress, I had a conversation with Trenhnlni
in the Union office. Trenholm said that he would make
Congress sick enough of tke contract, (meaning Trenholm's
contract.) He did not saj- how lie would make Congress
pick. He asked me how I was going to fulfil! my contract.
I told him that jt was going to give Congress as good work
as (if not better than) it had ever received. Trenholm's
reply w*as, that lie would make Congress sick of the con-
tract; and that reply led me to believe that he would, by
bad work, make Congress sick of it."
1 The next witness to this point is Mr. John S.
Bryan, the clerk to the Committee on Printing
; in 1848-'49. He says:
! " Witness was present when the contracts were declared
\ for the Thirty-first Congress, and had conversations with
' J. H. Trenholm before and at'ter the lettings. He said, be-
' fore, that the contracts of Wendell & Van Benthuysen were
too low; that, if they performed the work according to con-
\ tract, they could not make a living, and would lose money.
After the contracts were declared, witness said to Tren-
holm, " I am surprised that you have taken the contract at
the price." He replied, substantially, that the contract
system was all wrong, and that it ought to be broken up.
Witness inferred from various conversations of the charac-
ter testified to above that the contractors did not intend to
execute the contracts, and witness stated to Mr. Dallas,
the Vice President, in consequence of that inference, that
he should be careful who they received as sureties."
The next witness is Mr. R. H. Gallaher, pub-
lisher of the Richmond (Virginia) Republican.
He came to this city to bid for the public printing,
and he says:
" After witness had put in his bid, he gathered the im-
pression that there was a combination to break up the enn-
I tract system by putting in low bids, and he then left, think-
ing no more of the matter."
I willnowread from adeposition of KlineWood-
ward, to show that before Congress met, the con-
tractors looked to this body for relief, and did not ex-
pect to stand by their contract. I call attention to the
fact that the contractor, who said he had taken the
contract at rates too low, yet declares he would not
take $20,000 for it! This witness says:
" He believed, at the commencement of this session of
Congress, that the contracts would lie broken up, because
the contract was taken at terms ruinously low ; and it waa
understood by the craft in the city, as the witness gathered
from frequent conversations, that the contract would be
broken up. The craft was. as a general thing, opposed to
the contract system. Witness asked John H. Trenholm
how he expected that money could be made out ot the con-
tracts. Trenholm said he would not take .$20,000 for the
contract*. Conversations withTrenholul were taniiliar and
freipientlv jocular. Witness inferred from tile conversations
that Trenholm expected that Congress would relieve the
contractors. Trenholm did not give witness to understand
how tlie contracts were to be abrogated. These conversa-
tions were before the meeting oi Congress."
We will now recur still to an earlier period, to
connect Mr. Ritchie himself with this expectation
of relief. 1 read from the testimony of William
