1651.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
93S
31st Cong 2d Sess.
The Public Printing—-Mr. Marshall.
Ho. of Reps.
ing office in this city who cannot tell you, accord-
ing to any scale of rates you may choose to fix,
whether it be that of the Typographical Society
Or that of the basis of 1819, or any arbitrary rate
we might choose to determine,—I repeat, that
there is not a foreman in any printing office in this
city who could not calculate the cost of this work.
I can myself make such calculations. I have made
such calculations, and I believe their correctness
has never been disputed. I made a calculation of
the effect of this resolution on the compensation
paid for the Patent Office report. If this resolution
pass, I find that Mr. Ritchie will get $33,000
more than he would be allowed under the contract.
This sum on a single work '■ Upon the first part
of the President's message he would get some-
where about $11,000. By the time that we have
calculated the twenty-five millions of pages that
iny colleague says thepublicprintershave printed,
there is no knowing what might be the amount of
pay that Mr. Ritchie would get over the prices
fixed by the contract.
Do you believe—does any gentleman in this
Hall believe, that Mr. Ritchie has been conduct-
ing the public printing without keeping accounts
of his expenditures ? Where is that account ? Has
he paid his operatives? Where h that account? If
he has paid no attention to the business person-
ally, produce his book-keeper; let us see some
reliable statement of what his own books show to
have been the outlay on account of the public
printing, before we are asked to vote away the
public treasure, of which we are the sworn trus-
tees, lender the idea that we owe the obligation to
provide indemnity against loss.
What reply is made to thesereasonabledemajids,
Air. Speaker? That of my colleague—"paper cal-
culations are not reliable to show the loss." Why?
I will tell you, sir. The loss that Jtfr. Ritchie ha*
sitfkrtd springs from the business of the Union news-
paper. ft is a loss flowing out of the operations
of a violent partisan newspaper, which has been
firing into the Whig party of this country for ten
years past—abusing and villifying our purest and
best men—assailing our principles and impeaching
our motives. The "venerable editor," about to
close his career, wants his reward/or these services;
and this excuse about loss on the public printing
is to be the means of rendering unto him that re-
ward. When we ask for the loss on his contracts,
my colleague says: "Paper calculations" are not
reliable." I will tell you why they are not. Be-
cause this is a barefaced, attempt to pension the Union
newspaper upon the Treasury of the United States.
When gentlemen vote for this resolution, know-
ing, as they must, that the accounts of the party
newspaper and the accounts of the public printing
are kept together, and have been jumbled into a
mass, so that we ahali pay the common loss on
both branches of business, when we attempt to
pay either, I want the country to see their ac-
tion. When Whigs—members of this side of the
House—vote for the passage of these resolutions,
as I know some are prepared to do, I want them
to go back to the Whig constituencies who sent
them here, and to tell them what transaction this
is, to which they have been particeps voluntarily.
A Voice. The Whig party is disbanded.
Mr. MARSHALL. I am told that the Whig
party is disbanded. Well, then, let them go be-
fore their Union constituency and tell them that
the first act of the Union party is this pensioning
of a party newspaper upon the Treasury. If I
> mistake not the sense and feeling of the people,
those gentlemen will have cause to remember the
response given to the information which they will
communicate.
Mr. Speaker, I do not concede, however, for a
moment, the doctrine advanced by gentlemen,
that it is the duty of Congress to indemnify the
contractor for the public printing against loss.
Look at this case iif another light. Belt's bid was
but little lower than the bids of other persons.
Plynn & Washington proposed to do the work
within $11,000 of the accepted bid. Will you
turn them away and yet pay as indemnity against ■
loss an amount of money far exceeding the differ-
ence between their bid and Belt's? Such a course
is an evasion of the law of the land, unfair to oth-
er bidders, and unjust to the people. If we com-
mence to act upon the principle asserted, what
limit shall bound its operation ? If we will allow
i Mr. Ritchie to grasp a contract under the circum-
stances characterizing his action in this case, and
then pay him even for his losses, how shall we
resist the claim of Wendell and Van Benthuysen,
who show by figures and facts that they sustained
a loss of $18,000 by honestly executing their con-
tract for the printing of the Thirtieth Congress?
I had a letter placed in my hands this morning,
from one of the public contractors—a gentleman
with whom I am altogether unacquainted—and in
this letter he remonstrates against making an ex-
ceptional allowance to Mr. Ritchie, unless there
be an allowance to all the public printers. It is a
letter from John T. Towers, and he states that he
has performed his contract faithfully and diligent-
ly; that there has been no complaint made, and
: that the rates Mr. Ritchie has been allowed, are
already above those allowed to him.
Several Members. Let the Clerk read that
letter.
The Clerk then read the letter, as follows:
Washington, February 13,1851.
Dear Sir : I perceive l)y llie proceedings of the House
of Representatives of yesterday, that the Committee on Print-
ing have proposed to compensate IVilliam M. Belt, the
contractor for the second, fourth, and fifth classes of the
printing of the present Congress, (Thomas Ritchie being the
ostensible contractor,) at prices above those provided for by
his contract. Why this invidious discrimination should be
made.in his behalf. I can see no reason or justice. " Equal
justice to all, and special favors to none," should be the
ground-work of every legislative act, especially under a
Government whose principles recognize no difference in the
position of its citizens, except that based on merit. I there-
fore respectfully ask that you will do the justice to aid in
preventing any discrimination between the pay which Mr.
Ritchie is to receive and that of the contractors for the other
classes of printing for the same Congress.
I am the contractor lor tile first class of the printing for the
present Congress, consisting of the bills and Joint resolu-
tions—probably not over five per cent, of the whole amount
of printing—and claim to have faithfully fulfilled my con-
tract, both as to tile quality ofthe work, and the expedition
with which it was required, and at a less proportional price,
compared with the prices of 1819, than Mr. Ritchie has
already received by his contract.
That I' have •' satisfactorily executed all my engagements
under the contract," and " with all possible, dispatch," I
1 respectfully refer to the report of the printing investigating
committee of last session, and to the officers of tile two
Houses of Congress; and, indeed, to the members them-
selves. for whose special use this class of printing is de-
signed. For these reasons, I ask that no discrimination be
made.
With this I send you a copy of the report of the investi-
gating committee, which you will please take care of until
called for. Very respectfully, yours,
JOHN T. TOWERS.
Hon. H. Marshall.
When this system shall lie definitely com-
menced, no "paper calculation" will afford data
to fix upon the limit of its operation. How shall we
refuse to indemnify contractors in other branches
of the public service ? Where shall we stop the
assertion of the principle? Why shall we not
carry it into the Post Office contracts ?—into the
Army contracts?—into the Navy contracts?—into
the Indian contracts? Let me suppose a case: An
individual contracts to furnish your troops at San-
ta Fe with horses or beeves. Under an escort of
dragoons he commences his march across the
plains. While in the faithful execution of his
contract, a horde of savages, whom it is the duty
of Government to keep in subjection, attacks his
train, stampedes his horses, overpowers his escort,
and drives off his beeves. He comes to you for
indemnity against the loss. He shows you he was
acting fairly and honestly, and that Ins loss was
occasioned by your neglect to guard the routes of
travel against the hostile Indians. Peradventure
he is a " venerable old man,"orhas an interesting
family, to be ruined unless he shall be relieved.
How will yoy turn a deaf ear to his appeal, under
the precedent which we are new invited to adopt?
Suppose he shall have supplies for your Army, on
board a steamer, and she strikes one of the snags
of the Mississippi, which it is your duty to re-
move, how will you refuse to indemnify him against
the loss ? Sir, imagination fails to combine the in-
numerable cases which will multiply upou the
Congressional calendar under such a principle. If
this is just and proper, your Treasury will not be
equal to the demand upon it—for cases far superior
in point of equity, and far more meritorious in
their features than any possessed by the case under
consideration, will arise every day of the year. I
invoke the House to turn aside from so ruinous a
precedent—so dangerous an example. I find the
hour-hand of the clock indicates nut a few more
momenta of time left to me. I will use them to
! recapitulate the points which I have taken in this
I case, and on which I wish to fasten the atteiflon
of this House and the country.
In the first place, I say that there was a design—
well known even to the journeymen printers about
tliis city, and before we convened here in Con-
gress—to break up the contract system. There
was an expectation, not only on the part of jour-
neymen printers, .but among persons generally,
that Mr. Ritchie would look to Congress for re-
muneration for what he thought was a bad or a
ruinous contract directly after it was obtained, and
before he commenced its execution. It was proved
before our committee that he gave expression to
such a sentiment directly after the bid.
Secondly: I think that there was an impropriety
on Mr. Ritchie's part in standing in the attitude
of a public contractor with his name signed as a
security to the bond. If he had intended to be-
come a contractor, the bids ought to have been in
his own name, and the bond also; because when
he puts his name as security to a bond, and we
know that he is the principal party whose interest
is involved, it does not require a very deep knowl-
edge of ethics to characterize the transaction.
What will be our attitude before the country
when it is known, by testimony, that before we
convened here, every journeyman printer in this
town knew how we were to legislate ? Should our
legislation run quatuor pedibus with their anticipa-
tions ? There is another proposition which I have
held. It is, that this combination existed among
the metropolitan printers, at least the Union and
Intelligencer, (the Republic was not expected to
interfere,) and that they agreed to use their infiu-
' ence with their friends in this Hall to change the
basis on which the public printing is done; and
calculated, by the use of that influence, to produce
j the desired result upon legislation. And we are now
; called upon to break down a system that has been
established after mature reflection, in order to meet
I the wishes of those gentlemen, and to put it on a
| basis on which they tliink they can make money.
I repeat it again, that the object of these parties
] will be gained, whether you revert to the basis of
1819, or put the contract down at a reduction of
1 ninety-five per cent, on the rates of 1819. They
want to force you to change the law, not by openly
repealing it, but by passing an act utterly incon-
sistent with it. Tney cannot come before this
House, and the country, to ask us, and we cannot
go before the country and justify ourselves if we
change the system. We cannot do this when an
individual comes here with his case, and it is shown
by indisputable testimony that he is attempting to
break through the law by the force of our party
predilections.
I-draw no distinction between the editor of a
Whig paper and a Democratic editor, for I believe
that they have all been involved in the desire to
abrogate these contracts, with a view of breaking
down the economical system which is practicH
by the Government.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, (inter-
posing.) I understand the gentlemen to say that
these printers have never shown any disposition
to be released from their contract. The gentle-
man will allow me to say that early in February
last these contractors wrote to Senator Borland,
chairman of the Senate Committee On Printing,
aosing to give up the contract; but Congress
no action on the subject, and on the 9th of
August they withdrew their proposition. They
, therefore did all they could to relieve themselves
, of the contract.
Mr. MARSHALL. I understand all about that
correspondence. I invite the attention of the
House, in answer to the statement of the gentle-
man, to a single point in the testimony of Mr.
Hamlin, the chairman of the Committee on Print-
ing of the Senate. Propositions were addressed
to the various printers of this House—to Mr.
Rives, Messrs. Gales and Seaton, and the rest of
them; and after they had answered, the commit-
tee reported on the subject. Mr. Ritchie's bearing
will snow whether he had any intention to give up
his contract, except upon the basis of a return to
1 the law of 1819. Mr. Hamlin swears—
"Shortly after these reports were made to the Senate,
Mr. Ritchie said to me, ' Mr. Rives shall not do any of the
work. He has already a contract under the Government,
