234
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb.
31 st Cong 2d Sess.
The Tariff Question—Mr. Harris.
Ho. of Reps.
out of which he is making a large sum of money, and I
will do the present printing at any loss rather than he
should have it."
J#w, what sort of a disposition does that
evince? What sort of language is that to use in
reply to the chairman of a committee of Congress,
that committee being intent on relieving him?
That he does not intend to be relieved unless he
can be relieved according to his understanding
with his brother printers.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, (again
interposing,) made some remarks, which the Re-
porter was unable to catch distinctly. He was
understood to say that the contractors had unqual-
ifiedly agreed to give up the contract, and that Mr.
Ritchie was not the contractor, but that Messrs.
Trenholm & Belt were the contractors.
Mr. MARSHALL. By the by, talking about
Mr. Trenholm, he is not an applicant for relief.
When the chairman of the Committee on Public
Printing introduced his resolution, why had he
not in it taken care of the case of Mr. Trenholm?
Why are Mr. Trenholm and Mr. Towers to be
put upon a different basis to that on which Mr.
Ritchie is proposed to be placed ? What sort of a
system of " fast and loose" is this, which makes
fish of one and flesh of another?
Another proposition that I maintain is, that no
loss has been shown, and that no loss can be shown;
that when you separate the public printing from
the political newspaper, it is impossible to show a
loss. I am free to admit that I do not think any >
great profits can be shown. i
Now, sir, to those who would produce the im-
pression that f am animated by a desire to oppress
Mr, Ritchie, I can only repeat, that I have never
known the moment that I would not have agreed
to let these people off from their contract. I said
during the last night of the last session of Con-
gress, that if this contract would involve these peo-
ple in a serious loss, and they desired to be relieved
from the further performance of it, I was willing
to extend that relief to them by at once releasing
them and their securities from any further perform-
ance of their contract. But the question now is, j
whether we shall indemnify them against loss. J
Admitting that they have sustained losses, the 1
question is, Shall we break through the law, shall
we change the basis of the law—the custom of the i
Government—by saying to these men that all the
work done shall be paid for at rates fifty per cent,
off those fixed by the law of 1819 > All that these
parties want is, that Congress shall return to the
law of 1819; and before another Congress shall
have passed over our heads they will be to the
armpits in the Treasury.
THE TARIFF QUESTION.
SPEECH OF HON. T. L. HARRIS,
OF ILLINOIS,
In reply to the speech of Mr. Hampton, of Penn-
sylvania, on the Tariff, delivered in the House
of Representatives, January 22, 1851.
Mr. Chairman: The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Hampton,] who represents the coal
and iron interests of Pittsburg, entertained us the
other day by a speech upon the tariff. He in-
formed us that he wanted a system of " perma-
nence and stability;" and he proposed to reach
that system by dashing to pieces the tariff of 1846,
and erecting another of higher duties upon its
ruins. He appears as the special champion of
coal and iron; but he told us that he was " equal-
ly anxious to see such a modification of the pres-
ent tariff as would embrace every other interest
that needed legislative aid." This was kind and
generous. It was a cordial invitation to a log-
rolling festival. But it so happened that on the
day appointed, more of the invited guests staid
away, than attended. Whether it was, because
they did not relish the articles named in the bill of
fare laid on our tables the evening previous by
the gentleman's colleague, from Berks, [Mr.
Strong,] or whether the seasoning of the dishes
by the Pennsylvania cooks contained too much
carbon and ferrocyanid for northern palates, it is
needless now to inquire. The invitation is doubt-
less still open, and it is as doubtless, that before
the session closes, another day will be designated
for a similar manifestation of disinterested hospi-
tality. And, if there is any reliance on current
reports, some guests might be so fortunate in at-
tending as were the ministerial supporters of
Walpole, who, when they were invited to dinner
on a certain occasion, found each a <£500 note
under his napkin. But surely, until the gentleman
can get more members of the Keystone family to
attend, he will not think hard if others stand a
little back on so interesting an occasion. And 1
will here say, that if this House can withstand
the outside influence, and importunities of capital-
ists and their agents, who throng this city, to effect
an increase of the tariff, it will have more integri-
ty and virtue in its composition than it has credit
for. I trust in God that it has; but the result will
show.
Now, sir, what is the gentleman's proposition?
Why, it is for a combination of adverse interests
to accomplish a particular object—such as is al-
most always made to accomplish bad legislation.
His proposition is just this: " If you, gentlemen,
will give us a law to tax the coal and iron which
you consume, we will give you a law to tax other
articles which we consume, and which you pro-
duce or manufacture. We do not want to include
any more than we cannot help, but to accomplish
our object we will make a liberal arrangement.
You gentlemen sugar-growers, want an in-
creased tax of fifty per cent, on sugar and mo-
lasses; and you who manufacture leather, boots,
shoes, porcelain, and glass-ware, watches, paper,
woolens, silks, cottons, hemp, flax, hats, caps,
bonnets, buttons, jewelry, tin, copper, ready-
made clothing—not to forget the manufacturers
of iron and steel—want an increased tax on these
articles. Now, if you will give us whatwe want,
we will give you what you want. We will have
an understanding to endure this little contribu-
tion one to the other, for the sake of the genera]
and wholesale plunder that we can make off the
people by the arrangement." This is substan-
tially the proposition. The gentleman knows
very well, that the country would never submit to j
be taxed millions of dollars to keep the furnaces
and forges of Pennsylvania, or any other State, in :
operation. He knows this, and he hence looks
for strength in combinations. It has been said
that one half of mankind are always engaged in
cheating the other half out of a living; but of all
cheats yet invented, that of tariff taxation is one
of the most monstrous. It is the combination of
a few manufacturing interests to extort from the
agricultural and laboring masses of the people
enormous sums of money, and all under the pre-
tence of doing them a special benefit. It is not ,
only a system of fraud and deception in itself, but
it is disguised and defended by the use of deceitful |
terms. We are constantly hearing about "judi-
cious tariffs," " reasonable and moderate protec- j
tion," " just discrimination in favor of American
labor and American capital, to protect it from the ,
foreign capital and pauper labor of Europe." 1
hope to show the true value of some of these ex-
pressions before I am done. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania, is, of course, for a "judicious tariff,"
and it is not hard to understand what he wants.
He is familiar with the ad captandum high tariff
language. And to support his theory he has wo-
ven that language into a speech, decorated with
several groupings of statistical embellishments.
I do not regret that the gentleman commenced
this discussion. There is no question on which it
will be more profitable, for if there has been any-
one subject, more than another, obscured, befogged,
covered up, and plastered over, with far-fetched
arguments, prosy calculations, and incomprehen-
sible non sequiturs, that subject is the tariff. Dis-
cussion may tend to promote " permanency and
stability," not indeed such as the gentleman desires
—that of high taxes, but the " permanency and
stability" of Free Trade. While the gentleman
is pursuing his antiquated and oppressive doc-
trines of the tariff and taxation, the people have
been moving from him in the opposite direction of
free trade. Such is the tendency of public senti-
ment, and the teachings of sound political econ-
; omy.
In making great changes in political legislation,
it is enough for the legislature to do, to move with,
or in obedience to, the popular will. It need never
anticipate it. While, therefore, I would not at
one sweep repeal all our tariff laws, I would,
in obedience to that will, at once commence a
course of legislation which should look to their
final abrogation. I believe that the interests of our
whole people, would be promoted by having trade
as free among the nations of the earth, as it is be-
tween the States of this Union; and I am convinced
that all restrictions upon trade or commerce tend
inevitably to the injury of the people imposing
them. Therefore it is, that while I would hold to
the tariff of 1846, rather than support one of higher
duties, yet I would prefer a systematic reduction
of duties even to that.
The old argument, or rather the assertion, that
" high duties make cheap goods," the gentleman
quite omitted. Why was this? Are there suffi-
cient reasons for high duties without this, or was
it judged that the people and the House under-
stood the matter too well to be caught by such a
flimsy pretension ? But the gentleman tells us
that imported iron is so cheap that the Pennsyl-
vania article is driven to a great extent from the
market, or rather, that the production of iron there
has nearly ceased; and he says, that because of
this, great loss is sustained by Pennsylvania.
Now, what does he propose 10 do to make up that
loss? Why, to put a tax upon iron, so as to raise
it from thirty or forty dollars per ton, to double
that price. The very fact, that iron-working is
depressed under low duties, proves, that by high
duties and heavy taxes alone upon the people, can
it be kept up, and to force the manufacture of it
by such means, is to throw the whole burden of
that tax upon the consumers.
The people of Illinois are interested in procur-
ing good iron at low prices. They have had ex-
perience in the effects of the tariff of 1842. Under
it, iron rails and almost all articles of iron, were at
nearly double the present prices, while of all our
productions none brought as good prices as
now.*
Illinois is an exporting State. She relies upon
her surplus breadstuff's and provisions, to pro-
cure by exchange, such articles as she needs for
consumption, which are not produced or manu-
factured within her own borders. Your tariff,
taxes her, not only to the extent of that consump-
tion, but it does more, it really taxes her exports.
A direct tax upon exports is prohibited by the
Constitution; yet all duties upon imported goods,
wares, and merchandise, operate, to a considera-
ble extept, like such a tax. Commerce among
nations being but an exchange of commodities, if
you diminish our purchases from other nations,
as you do by imposing duties upon their produc-
tions when imported, you diminish to the same
extent their purchases from us. Thus the pro-
ducers of the great staples of export feel the taxa-
tion with double severity. Of the ^1136,946,912
of domestic productions sent abroad last year,
$108,946,912 were the productions of agriculture,
leaving but some 828,000,000 furnished from all
other sources. Thus, in this twofold manner,
are the agricultural and farming interests taxed.
Do the farmers ask for these increased taxes upon
imports? Not at all. And if you were to submit
a vote to-day, as a separate and distinct measure,
to the people of the United States, whether the
duties upon iron should be increased fifty, forty,
or even twenty per cent., the decision would be
fifty to one against it. Who does not know that
not one of the great articles of consumption could
be taxed separately? It is only by a combination
that these projects are carried, as though it were
easier to pay taxes on ten articles, than on one.
But the gentleman says "American labor needs *
protection against the pauper labor of Europe."
Sir, I am disgusted with the cant, the false or pre-
tended sympathy for American labor which I so
often hear. God forbid that 1 should feel any-
thing but the deepest interest in the prosperity of
* Note.—New York Prices Current.
Fch. «2, 1845. Feb. 20,1851.
High tariff. Law tariff.
Bar iron, Russia $100 to 103 50 95 to —
" American  85 to 67 50 55 to —
" English, (refined).. 85 to 87 50 55 to —
" " (common) 70 to 40 to —
Flour, Genesee & Michigan.. 4 87 to 4 93 4 87 to 5 00
Wheat, (western)  1 00 to 1 00 to I 18
Corn, (southern)  45 to 46 60 to 67
Ileef, Mess, per bbl  7 00 to 7 50 8 50 to 10 75
'' Prime, "   5 00 to 5 50 5 00 to 0 00
Pork, Mess, "  10 00 to 10 1-3 12 50 to 13 50
" I'nme, "   8 00 to 8 06 9 50 to 
