1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
235
31st Cong 2d Sess.
The Tariff Question—Mr. Harris.
Ho. ot Reps.
American labor. I honor labor, and I honor the la- {
borer btttnat lit is a laborer. Ifthere is a man in this !
House, or in this country, who knows by experi-
ence, what tabor, severe and toilsome labor is, I am
thai man. The first twenty years of my life were
years of orphanage—of "poverty and toil—and
there is not a laborer in the country anywhere,
who from day to day, and from morning till
night, works harder or more unceasingly than I
did work during that period. I remember well
that long struggle with adversity; nor was it ended
even then—I shall never forget it; and before
Heaven, my arm should sooner wither and perish,
and my tongue should sooner cleave to the roof
of my mouth, than I would do anything, or say
anything, that would retard the advancement and
elevation, or put increased burdens upon Ameri-
can la!>or. But I do repeat, that it is sickening to
hear the silk-stocking, silk-coated gentry, whose
hands never touched a hammer, a jack-plane, an
axe, or a plow, and whose fingers would be blis-
tered in two minutes if they did, looking here
through gold spectacles and squinting through
opera glasses, and expressing their great anxiety
to protect American labor, and giving taxation as
the true mode of doing it. It is a misuse of lan-
guage—an abuse of terms to call it " protection
to American labor." It is the sheep's clothing in
which they dress their tax-wolf, to enable him to
prey with more certainty upon labor itself.
Sir, protection is a grateful word. It falls upon
our senses approvingly, and there is something
noble in the idea of aiding, sustaining, cherish-
ing, and protecting American labor. We assent
at once to the propriety of the object, and so
ready are we to afford assistance to so praise-
worthy a design, that we stop not to scrutinize
the plan, but yield at once to propositions that
come designated by such prepossessing appella-
tions. But what is it, that is thus called " pro-
tection to American labor ?" You talk about" pro-
tection to American labor," and you afford that
protection by raising the relative price of almost
everything which the laboring man has to buy,
and, in addition to this, you load him down with
$50,000,000 per year in taxes. This is your pro-
tection. And then you have the effrontery to tell
him that his condition will be vastly improved if
he will let you tax him a little more, just for
"permanency and stability." Sir, the advocates
of high duties have been begging the whole ques-
tion in the use of terms, which they select to
suit their purposes. Let us not be deceived by
such words, out look to acts. Let its regard not
theories but results.
The gentleman tells us that more protection to
American labor is necessary, because under the
present tariff the production of iron has greatly
fallen off in Pennsylvania, and will fall off still
more, unless protected by still higher duties. Now
what does this statement show? Why, that the
workmen, instead of continuing in the business of
producing iron at reduced wages, have preferred
to go into other employment at VuZi wages, and
thus, the production has "fallen off." The demand
for iron in the United States is rapidly increasing;
and yet the production, the gentleman says, is
diminishing. What is the inference? Why that
the laborers, being entirely independent both of
their employers and of the "pauper labor of Eu-
rope," do not work at reduced wages, but engage
in other employments which offer better induce-
ments, and for which the versatility and genius
, of the American character so admirably fit them.
The " right to labor" has not yet to be begged for
by our citizens of the Government, as it has been
done in times past by the people of Paris. It is
a right which is yet m the people themselves, and
it is a right coupled with the ability to use—a right
which they will forever retain, unless yielded up
to the false and delusive schemes of the protec-
tionists.
Gentlemen talk about protecting American labor
by taxation. Is it protecting American labor
to give money to an iron worker, which you draw
by taxation from the iron consumer ? The iron
manufacturer seems to forget that there are iron
consumers; and the cotton manufacturer forgets
that there are cotton consumers. The manufac-
turer of one article is a consumer of many articles,
and is it for his interest to have a duty on the one
of his own manufacture, when he is taxed on
twenty, which are manufactured or produced by
others ? No, sir, you will never protect American
labor by taxing it in this manner; so far from it, that
you oppress and plunder it in a thousand forms.
For sixty years, this Government has been en-
gaged in collecting taxes. In that time the people
have paid in taxation $1,200,000,000. Of this sum
about $35,000,000 have been raised from internal
and direct taxes. This was in the times of the
"earlier Presidents," and has been wholly aban-
doned since 1818. About $150,000,000 have been
received from the public lands, nearly all of which
has been taken from the emigrant and the adven-
turous settlers upon your frontier. You have in
the same time collected by duties on imports
$1,000,000,000 in the "protection of American la-
.bor." You have compelled the laboring men ofthe
country to pay vou one thousand millions of dollars,
and you complacently call that "protection," and
would have them believe that it is all for their ben-
efit. And so blinded are some men by prejudice,
and so ready are they to accord with anything
told them by party leaders, that they believe it.
Now, sir, I assert that the weight of this taxa-
tion has fallen upon labor and upon the laboring
men of the country, and that capital, the accumu-
lated wealth of the country, has paid, of this vast
sum, comparatively nothing. The tax is a tax
upon consumption, and as our farmers and me-
chanics generally consume, without much regard
to their wealth, except mere luxuries, the amount
of a man's property cuts but little figure in deter-
mining the amount of taxes he pays. As an illus-
tration of this, I saw it staled very recently on
good authority, that the entire wardrobe of the
late John McDonough was appraised at thirty dol-
lars. Now, there is not a man in the  country,
who puts a spoonful of sugar in his coffee and has
a suit of cloth for Sundays and holidays, but
pays more taxes for the support of Government,
than did this man with his ten or fifteen millions
of dollars. And what he does pay is voluntary.
There is no power to reach him and compel the
payment ofacent. Now, as the consumers ofthe
country are the laborers of the country, they pay the
enormous taxes, while accumulated wealth goes
untouched. Property, as well as life and liberty,
is one of the great objects of the care of this Gov-
ernment. Why should not property bear some
proportion of its expenses? We are yearly pay-
ing millions to compensate for loss of property.
For the wrongful taking of one of our ships, we
are ready to ens-age m war without counting cost,
and we have a bill now before us to pay $5,000,000
for spoliations on property; and yet, instead of
taxing property, instead of taxing the wealth and
fixed capital of the country, you heap the taxes
upon labor; and you call all this the "protection
of American labor against the pauper labor of
Europe"—while the only objection we hear from
these protectionists is, that the taxes are not high
enough. Was ever such injustice perpetrated un-
der the pretence of conferring benefits!
Now, sir, in most of the States, taxes are im-
posed upon property, and men contribute to the
support of their State governments in proportion
to their wealth. But the Government of the Uni-
ted States disregards that basis entirely, and levies
its taxes upon consumption. The people paid
into the National Treasury last year more than
$3,000,000 in taxes upon sugar and molasses;
more than $5,000,000 on cottons and cotton man-
ufactures; near $5,000,000 taxes on iron and man-
ufactures of iron; near $5,000,000 in taxes on wool
and woolens; on salt, about $250,000; on linseed
and other oils, about $200,000: on spices,$220,000;
on.lead, $220,000; on rawhidesand skins, $230,000;
on linen and manufactures of flax, $1,600,000; on
raisins, $280,000; on manufactures of glass, $300,-
000; on porcelain,stone,and otherwares,$740,000;
on leather and the manufactures of leather,
$500,000; on brandy and other spirits, $3,500,000;
on silks, $1,000,000; on wines, $800,000; on tin,
$350,000. The people who have consumed these
articles have paid these taxes to support your
Government. You have collected, during the last
year, $39,668,686 42 from customs. You taxed
it upon the people, and they paid it. But the cost
to them does not stop here; to approximate to that,
you should add at least fifty per cent, to the cost,
including taxes, upon the imported articles con-
sumed, and then calculate the increased price in a
corresponding ratio, upon the entire consumption
of the country, so far as that relates to articles
imported to any considerable extent from abrqpd.
Wnile you do this, you leave the great staples of
meats and breadstuff's, with rice and cotton, to
struggle under double difficulties. First, in con-
sequence of the diminished demand abroad for
those staples, caused by the taxation on imports;
and second, from their being articles with which
those of foreign growth cannot compete, they are
not advanced m price by the duties imposed upon
like articles imported. The whole system oper-
ates unequally and unjustly, and to the injury
and oppression of the agricultural and planting
States.
The existing law was passed for revenue pur-
poses, and it has fully justified the expectations of
its friends in increasing the revenue. Who does
not recollect the lamentation and wailing made on
its passage in 1846? Its enemies predicted that
it would utterly fail in raising sufficient revenue
for the expenses of the Government; and worse
than all, they were sure that the country would be
ruined by its operation. It is almost terrifying to
read, even now, the prognostications of public dis-
aster and distress which were made on that occa-
sion. But how has the result scattered all those
unfounded opinions, and forbodings of evil to the
winds? It is true that some of the owners of iron
works, and some of the cotton-mill men, have been
" making night hideous" with their groans of dis-
tress, but 1 have yet to hear of the first murmur
from the masses of the people, or those composing
the agricultural class. Under every .tariff we have
had, there have been complaints from these manu-
facturers. Like a dog glutting himself with his
dinner, they accompany the filling of their purses
with growls of complaint, because-they cannot do
it faster, or for fear that some one may interrupt
their employment. If any difficulties now exist,
they should be attributed to the tariff of 1842,
which, by its enormous rate of duties, stimulated
into action, at the expense of the people, a variety
of manufactures, which at once go down upon the
people being relieved from that expense. The
i complaint, therefore, resolves itself to this, that
Congress will not tax the people for the benefit of the
! manufacturers. The origin of the_ wrong, if wrong
: there is, was in the tariff of 18*42, which did so
] tax them. I am not disposed to repeat a similar
wrong.
1 Now, suppose the duty on imported iron were
raised from thirty per cent, to sixty per cent. It
would double the price of iron, and the Pennsyl-
vania producers would be busy again. They
would engage in producing iron because sure of a
' substantial profit. This expectation would at
once attract capital for investment, and it would
continue until competition brought down the prof-
its to the bare living point. Then the demand
would be made for more protection. Woful de-
scriptions would come to your table, of forges and
furnaces blown out; hands out of employ, or com-
pelled to work at rates as low as those paid for the
■ pauper labor of Europe; and all this, after the peo-
ple ofthe country had been paying double price for
iron for the especial benefit of home producers.
Examine for a moment the history ofthe tariff with
reference to this article of iron. Take the acts of
1789, 1790, 1792, and subsequent acts. By the
act of 1789, the tax was fixed at seven and a half
per cent., and again fixed at the same rate by the
act of 1790. In 1792 this sum was raised to ten
per cent, ad valorem. In 1812 the duties were
raised to thirty-two-and-a-half per cent. In 1816
' bar and bolt iron not manufactured by rolling
was taxed $9 per ton. In 1818 the tax was raised
to $15 per ton; in 1824 to $18. per ton; and in
1828 the tax was fixed at $22 40 per ton. By the
act of 1816; the same' descriptions of iron, manu-
factured by rolling, were taxed $30, and by the
act of 1828, $37 per ton. This shows the progress
ofthe iron tax down to 1828. In 1832 a reduction
commenced, which in 1842 brought down the tax
to twenty per cent, ad valorem; when by the'act of
i that year it was fixed at $25 per ton—a higher
; rate of taxation than was provided forlike descrip-
tions of iron by the tariff of 1828. By the act
of 1846 it was fixed at thirty per cent, ad valorem,
at which it now stands. As a further illustration,
take the article of woolens. By the act of 1789,
the taxes were five per cent. In 1790 they were
