238
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 28,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
The Fugitive Slave Law—Mr. Mann of Massachusetts.
Ho. of Reps.
ords of the very Congress to whose measures they
refer.
Does any one ask what benefit I anticipate from
aWiscussion of this subject at the present moment?
I answer, this benefit at least: that of entering a
solemn protest against a grievous wrong, and of
placing upon the records of the country what I
believe to be the views of a vast majority of my
constituents, in common with a vast majority of
the people of Massachusetts.
Some of those compromise measures are des-
tined to be of great historic importance. They will
be drawn into precedent. When, in evil days,
further encroachments are meditated against hu-
man rights, these old measures will be cited as a
sanction for new aggressions; and, in my view,
they will always be found broad enough and bad
enough to cover almost any namable assault upon
human liberty. When bad men want authority
for bad deeds, they will only have to go back to
the legislation of 1850, to find an armory full of the
weapons of injustice.
Sir, legislative precedents are formidable things.
If created without opposition, and especially if
acquiesced in without complaint, they become still
more formidable. Now, if there were no other
reasons for reviving this subject at the present ses-
sion of Congress, this alone would be its ample
justification,—that it forefends the argument from
acquiescence.
W hen several of those measures were passed,
and particularly when one of the most obnoxious
and criminal of them all was passed,—I mean the
fugitive slave bill,—this House was not a.deliber-
ative body. Deliberation was silenced. Those who
knew they could not meet our arguments, choked
their utterance. The previous question, which was
originally devised to curb the abuse of too much
debate, was perverted to stop all debate. The floor
was assigned to a known friend of the bill, who after
a brief speech in palliation of its enormities, moved
the previous question; and thus we were silenced
by force, instead of being overcome by argument.
For, sir, I aver, without fear of contradiction, that
the bill never could have become a law, had its
opponents been allowed to debate it, or to pro-
pose amendments to it. For the honor of the
country, therefore, at the present time, and for the
cause of truth hereafter, it is important that the
hideous features of that bill, which were then
masked, should be now unmasked. The argu-
ments which I then desired and designed to offer
against it, I mean to offer now. Those arguments
have lost nothing of their weight by this enforced
delay, and I have lost nothing of my right to pre-
sent them.
Mr. Chairman, I feel none the less inclined to '
discuss this question, because an order has gone
forth that it shall not be discussed. Discussion
has been denounced as agitation, and then it has
been dictatorially proclaimed that "agitation must
be put down." Sir, humble as I am, I submit to ,
no such dictation; come from what quarter or '
from what numbers it may. If such a prohibi-
tion is intended to be laid upon me personally, I
repel it. If intended to silence me as the repre- ;
sentative of the convictions and feelings of my
constituents, I repel it all the more vehemently. ;
In this Government it is not tolerable for any man, !
however high, or for any body of men, however
large, to prescribe what subjects may lie agitated,
and what may not beagitated. Such prescription
is at best but a species of Lynch law against free
speech. It is as hateful as any other form of that
execrable code; and I do but express the common 1
sentiment of all generous minds, when I say that >
for one, I am all the more disposed to use my
privilege of speech, when imperious men, and the
sycophants of imperious men, attempt to ban
or constrain me. In Italy, the Pope decides
what books may be read; in Austria, the Emper-
or decides what books may be written; but we
are more degraded than the subjects of Pontiff or
Caesar, if we are to be told what topics we may
discuss. If the subjects of a despotic government
are bound to be jealous even of the poor privileges
which they possess, how sensitive, how "trem-
blingly alive all o'er," ought we to be at these
threatened encroachments upon freedom of speech
and freedom of thought. I think that those who
say so much about recalling us to a sense of our
constitutional obligations, would do well to remem-
ber, that the very first article of the amendments
to the Constitution secures the freedom of speech
and of the press. By the common consent of this
country, manifested in all forms for more than
half a century, the old alien and sedition law has
been condemned. Has that law been condemned
i for fifty years in order to make our own shame
more conspicuous by its revival under circum-
stances of intolerable aggravation? Sir, I hold
treason against this Government to be an enor-
mous crime; but great as it is, I hold treason
against free speech and free thought to be a crime
incomparably greater.
If it be just and heroic to rebel against all arbi-
trary invasions of free thought and free expres-
sion, then is it not proportionably base and das-
tardly to utter menaces, or threaten social or
political disabilities for the unconstrained exercise
of these birthrights of freemen? On the face of
it, it must be a bad cause which will not bear dis-
cussion. Truth seeks light instead of shunning
it. He convicts himself of wrong who refuses to
hear the. argument of his opponent. It was well
said by Montesquieu, that " the enjoyment of
liberty, and even its support and preservation, con-
sists in every man's being allowed to speak his
thoughts and lay open his sentiments." Wherefore,
then, in a country hitherto reputed to be free, are
we told that discussion must be stopped, and agita-
tion be put down ? It seems as if, when a free
man debases his soul by lending himself to the
defence of slavery, God punishes him on the spot
by corrupting his own nature with that spirit of
tyranny which belongs to slavery. Wherein con-
sists the advantage of a republican government
over a despotism, if the freedom of speech and of
i the press, which can be strangled in the one by
arbitrary command, can be stifled in the other by
obloquy and denunciation ?
It is remarkable, too, that of all the "agita-
tors" in the country, there are none more violent
than those who are agitating against agitation.
| Throughout the North, that portion of the public
| press which volunteers its influence to extend the
domain of slavery, and to maintain it by extra-
constitutional laws, is constantly provoking the
agitation it denounces. What are these so-called
Union meetings in northern cities but an exten-
sive apparatus of agitation,—apiece of machinery
to manufacture and send abroad the very articles
which its managers declare to be contraband ?
Through public assemblages, through the public
press, and by correspondence designed for the pub-
lic eye, they are shaking the common air to keep
it calm; they are agonizing and in convulsions for
repose; they are vociferating to maintain silence.
In the most clamorous days of anti-slavery, there
was never half so much said and written against
the institution as is now said and written for it.
Sir, is the right of agitation to be monopolized by
those who denounce it? Is free speech to be only '
on one side; and is it one of the offices of free
speech to silence the sentiments it dislikes? I
think this is the second time, in the history of
this country, when an attempt has been boldlv
and unblushingly made, to stifle free discussion;
and I do not believe the fate of those who are now
laboring to accomplish so nefarious a purpose,
will be historically more enviable than that of
their prototypes who passed thp far-famed law
against seditious speeches and writings. 1
Is it not extraordinary, too, that this interdict
on discussion should be applied to a subject which
touches the highest interests of man, and calls into
fervid action all the noblest faculties of his nature;
which, more than anything else, tests thequestion
whether a man is a man ? We may discuss the
questions of bank or sub-treasury, of tarifl'or of
free trade; but the only subject too sacred to be
approached, is slavery and its aggrandizements.
This is a free country, except when a man wishes
to vindicate the claims of freedom. All other parts
of the temple may be entered, but slavery is the
ark of the covenant, and whoso lays his profane
hands thereon must perish.
Sir, how comes it to pass that an institution
which even the enlightened heathen of old pro-
nounced to be iniquitous, and which eighteen added
centuries of Christian illumination, have proved to
be the sum of offences against God and man, should
now be protected,not merely by constitutions and
laws; but that a general warfare should be waged
against all those who would restrain it within its pre-
sent limits, and keep it from arming itself with new
weapons of oppression? How comes it to pass
that this should be done, not in the despotisms of
Austria and of Russia, but in republican America?
Sir, it is not to be done, and cannot be done. Al-
mighty God has so constituted the human soul,
that while wrong exists upon the face of the earth,
all the noblest impulses of that soul will war against
it. The order of nature will war against it. " The
stars in their courses" will war against it. Dis-
cussion, or agitation, if you please so to call it, is
one of the Heaven-appointed means by which
truth is to be spread until it covers the face of the
earth as the waters cover the sea. -It was by dis-
cussion and by agitation, in synagogue and in tem-
ple, in distant cities and in different empires, that
Christianity was carried from its cradle in Jerusa-
lem to the ends of the earth. Did not the disciples
of Jesus Christ go "agitating" from city to city,
from Palestine to- Greece, and from Greece to
Rome, notwithstanding they were imprisoned and
scourged, and flayed alive and burned, and perse-
cuted as incendiaries and fanatics, by scribe and
pharisee and high-priest? The very accusation
brought against the Saviour was, " He stirreth
up the people, teaching throughout all Jewry, be-
ginning from Galilee to this place." The subject
on which anti-slavery men now " agitate" is infe-
rior only in importance to that on which Christ
and his disciples "agitated." Nay, the only-
cause why Christianity has not prospered as it
ought, during the last eighteen centuries, and why
it has not already overspread the whole earth with
its blessings, is, that liberty has not been given
ll it as a sphere to work in. It is because slavery
jj has existed among men; and Christianity never
11 will and never can pervade the earth, until thebar-
j riers of slavery are first overthrown. It was by-
discussion and agitation that the prevailing religion
of this country,—the Protestant religion,—broke
through the double phalanx of civil and sacerdo-
j tal power, and triumphed throughout the leading
; nations of Europe, under the indomitable energy
i of that old hero of Wittemberg, who did not heed
! nor fear that prince of the slave power, the inear-
ij nate devil himself. It was by discussion and agi-
jj tation that the first glowing sparks of liberty, in
! the bosom of the Adamses, of Hancock, and of
Franklin, of Thomas Jefferson, and of Patrick
Henry, were fanned into a flame that consumed
the hosts of the tyrant,—that tyrant who sought to
put down this dreaded agitation by means not a
whit more reprehensible in his day. than those by
which certain leading men are striving to silence
it now. Where was there ever written or published
a more incendiary and fanatical document than the
i Declaration of Independence?—a torch to set the
world on fire. In the present century, what but
! discussion and agitation, through all the realms of
Great Britain and of this country, could have suf-
ficed to extinguish the slave trade,—that foulest
blotupon modern civilization ? No, sir; agitation
is a part of the sublime order of nature. In thun-
der, it shakes the stagnant air which would other-
wise breed pestilence. In tempests, it purifies the
deep, which would otherwise exhale miasma and
death. And in the immortal thoughts of duty, of
| humanity, and of liberty, it so rouses the hearts of
men, that they think themselves inspired of God;
and not the mercenary clamors of the market-place,
nor the outcries of politicians clutching at the
prizes of ambition can suppress the utterances
which true men believe themselves Heaven-com-
missioned to declare.
The President's message tells us that the com-
promise measures of the last session are " fixal."
I take the liberty to say of that declaration in the
message, with all due respect to the high source
from which it comes, that I adopt the sentiment,
that those measures are final, in one sense only.
Their substance and object were, in an extreme
degree, pro-slavery and anti-liberty. They marked
the passage of this Government through another
long stage in the gloomy highway of oppression.
They furnished another argument for those who
despair of human nature; and they supply the
misanthrope with a plausible reason for hating
mankind. They affixed another stain upon the
character of this country, and set in deeper shade
the contrast between the theory of our Government
and its practice. They belied still another time the
