185 L J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
241
31st Cong 2d Sess.
The Fugitive Slave Law—Mr. Mann, of Mass. Price $ 1 50 for this Session.
—one of the highest and most important legal rights j
that appertain to a mail ? It is not, in legal lan- ]
guage, a right "of equity or admiralty jurisdic-
tion," but exclusively and purely a legal right, and
nothing else.
The court declare this to be so, whatever peculiar
form the process may assume. But what gives pecu-
liar pertinency and stringency to this decision of
the court is, that, at common law, there was an
original writ, called the writ de homine replegiando,
—the writof personal replevin, or for replevying a
man,—by which the question of property in a man
might be determined. It was a writ which the
party could sue out of right; one to be granted on
motion, without showing cause, and which the
court of chancery could not supersede. In the very
language of the Supreme Court, it was a writ
recognized by the common law, and is to be found
"among its old and settled proceedings." The
form of it is contained in that great arsenal of com-
mon law writs, the Registrum Brevium.
"A man," says Comyn, " may have a homine
replegiando for a negro, or for an Indian brought
by him into England and detained from him; or it
may be brought by an infant against his testament-
ary guardian; or by a villein against his lord."
—(Dig., title Imprisonment, L. 4.)
' If this writ could be brought "for a negro," or
"for an Indian," by a man who had introduced
him into England, and from whom he had been
detained; and if, on the other hand, it could be
brought by the negro, or by the Indian to gain
his freedom, as was clearly the case, then it follows
that the question of a right to a man, as well as
that of human freedom, was a question familiar to
the ancient common law, and for the trial of which
a well-known process existed " among its old and
settled proceedings." But this ancient writ, de
homine replegiando, carries with it, as everybody
knows, the trial by jury, a§ much as an action
of assault and battery, or of assumpsit on a pro-
missory note.
I have always understood, that before the Revo-
lution, and before the framing of our Constitution,
Comyn's Digest, from which the above citation
is made, was a work of the highest authority.
It must have been well known to all the lawyers
in the convention. Could they have intended that
the mere fact of claiming a man as a slave,—which
claim might be made against a freeman, as well as
against a slave,—should be sufficient to deprive
him of this ancient muniment of the subject's
liberty ? It seems impossible!
But we are not left to the broad and general as-
sertion, contained Ai the case of Parsons vs. Bed-
ford, that the seventh article of amendment embraces
all " suits" not of equity or admiralty jurisdiction,
whatever the peculiar form which they may as-
sume to settle legal rights. Authority exists still
more pointed and direct. In Baker vs. Riddle,
Mr. Justice Baldwin, one of the judges of the Su-
preme Court of the United States, held that it was
not in the power of Congress to takfe away the
right of trial by jury, as secured by the seventh
amendment, neither—
" 1. By an organization of tile courts in such a manner
as not to secure it to suitors ; nor,
"3. By authorizing the courts to exercise, .or their as-
sumption of, equity or admiralty Jurisdiction over cases at
law."
"This amendment," says he, "preserves the right of
jury trial against any infringement by any department of the
Government"—Baldvin't Rep., 404.
Now, what are the tribunals created by the fu-
gitive slave law but a new "organization of the
courts ?" or rather, the creation of new courts," in
such a manner as not to secure [the right of trial
by jury] to suitors?" It creates tribunals unknown
to the common law, and it purports to give them
power over common law rights.
Having now proved, from the nature of the
claim in controversy,—namely, the claim of one
man to the personal services and the liberty of
another man, and the counter-claim of personal
liberty and of self-ownership,—that the right in
dispute between the claimant of an alleged fugi-
tive, and the person claimed, is a common-law
right; and that any legal process to determine this
right, " whatever form it may assume," is a
"suit at common law," it only remains, under
this head, to establish my third point; namely,
The claim to any person, as one " held to ser-
vice or labor," always and necessarily presumes
New Series—No. 16.
that "the value in controversy exceeds twenty
dollars."
On this point direct authority may be found in
the case of Lee t . Lee, 8 Peters' Rep., 44
This was an appealed case, where by law no ap-
peal could be taken unless " the value in contro-
versy" should be "one thousand dollars or up-
wards." It was objected that the appellants,—the
petitioners for freedom,—were not worth a thou-
sand dollars. But the court said;
" The matter in dispute, in this case, is the freedom of
the petitioners. The judgment of the court below is against
their claim to freedom; the matter in dispute is, therefore,
to the plaintiffs in error, the value of their freedom, and
this is not susceptible of a pecuniary valuation. Had the
judgment been in favor of the petitioners, and the writ of
error brought by the party claiming to be the owner, the
value of the slaves as property would have been the matter
in dispute, and affidavits might be admitted to ascertaiu
1 such value. But affidavits estimatiug the value of freedom I
are entirely inadmissible, and no doubt is entertained of the
jurisdiction of the court." i
Suppose there are two claimants for the same
alleged fugitive. If his market value exceeds
twenty dollars, both of them have a clear right to 1
the trial by jury. And can it be that a (nan's ;
right to his own freedom cannot be tried by a jury,
when, if two men dispute about his value, each i
may claim the jury trial and cannot be denied ? j
On the three points, then, what constitutes a
common-law or "legal right;" what constitutes'j
" a suit at common law," and what constitutes a ;
j "value which exceeds twenty dollars"—namely,
the personal liberty of any human being, though
he be an infant just born, or a driveling idiot, or
be stretched upon his death-bed with only another
hour to breathe,—I trust I have made out a case
which entitles a party to trial by jury under the
Constitution of the United States.
I might here rest the argument, feeling that,
from authority and from reason, from the old and
time-honored principles of the common law, as
well as from those interpretations of the Constitu-
tion which have been given by the Supreme Court,
my conclusions are impregnable. But I proceed
to notice some of the points taken on the other
side; and if 1 shall occasionally advert to positions
that are obviously too shallow and fallacious for
discussion, it is only because I wish to omit noth-
ing which any one may think of importance.
It iB alleged that the whole force of the above
argument, otherwise conclusive, is annulled, be-
cause a slave is no party to the Constitution,^
not under its protecting shield any more than a
hone or an ox, and therefore any provisions how-
ever strong securing the jury trial are inapplicable
to him. A slave, it is said, is not one of the
" people" by whom and for whom the Constitution
was formed. He is an outlaw, and an outcast.
He has no inherent or inalienable rights as a man.
What he has, he had ex gratia, by the good will
of those who own him, body and soul, and who
are graciously pleased to forego some of their legal
rights from generosity in themselves, and not from
justice to him. *
Now, as it seems to me, a most obvious princi-
ple confutes this argument utterly. By the laws
of the free States, we know no such being as a
slave. Our courts, in their functions as State
courts, do not understand the meaning of the word
slave. To talk to them in that capacity, about a
slave or slavery, is talking to them in an unknown
tongue. In the eye of the legislators of the free
States, and in the eye of the courts of the free
States, so far as their domestic polity is concerned,
there can be no such creature as a' slave. The
constitution of every free State in this Union must
be first altered, before any such being as a slave, or
any such condition as slavery, can be recognized
under them, as State authorities.
So the Constitution of the United States creates
no slaves, and can create none. Nor has it power
to establish the condition of slavery anywhere.
And I hold further, that if the Government of the
United States, by escheat, by purchase, by exe-
cution against a debtor, or in any other way,
should become possessed of a slave, that moment
he would be free. The Government of the Uni-
ted States can neither hold a slave, nor make valid
title to a slave by sale. It is a Government whose
powers consist of the grants that have been made
to it; and nowhere, by no competent party, has
any such grant ever been made.
The relation of the Government of the United
States to slavery consists in this, and in this alone:
that when this Government was created, slavery
existed in a portion of the States; and by certain
provisions in the Constitution, the existence of
this slavery was recognized, and certain rights
and duties m relation to it were respectively ac-
knowledged and assumed. But the Government
of the United States has no more power to turn a
freeman in a free State into a slave than it has to
turn a slave in a slave State into a freeman.
The officers of the State Governments being
sworn to support the Constitution of the United
States, the Governments of the^ree States are im-
plicated indirectly in the matter of slavery, as the
Government of the United States is directly, and
' not otherwise.
Both by the Constitution of the United States,
then, and by the Constitution of all the free States,
■ every man found within the limits of a free State
is prima facie free. No matter what complexion
he may wear, or what language he may speak,
he is a free man until some other civil condition
is proved upon him, or until he forfeits his free-,
dom by crime. Every man, therefore, in any one
of the free States of this Union, has a right to
stand upon this legal presumption, and to claim
! all the privileges and immunities that grow out of
' it, until his presumed freedom is wrested from
him by legal proof. It is the most cruel of soph-
isms to say, that because a man is claimed as a
slave, he is not under the protection of the Con-
stitution, and then to prescribe a base mode of trial
for him, by which he can be proved the thing he is
claimed for. On the subject of freedom or slavery,
we of the free States know of but one class of men
living amongst us. That class is free. There is
no such class as slaves known to our laws. Nor
is there any intermediate class, who may be pre-
sumed to be slaves on account of their color, or
who may be proved to be slaves by less evidence,
or by an inferior kind of evidence, because of
color.
No axiom is more universal or indisputable,
than that the right to freedom in a free State and
the right to be held and treated by the courts as a
freeman, has no relation to complexion. If, then,
these rights have no relation to complexion, all
white men may be arbitrarily presumed to be
slaves,'and be deprived of the form of trial, se-
cured to them by the Constitution, just as well as
any colored man can be. The former may just
as well be proved to be slaves, on dangerous, or
on inferior, or on insufficient evidence, as the
latter. No; the liberty to which every man, of
whatever color, in a free State, is prima fane enti-
tled, invests him with its protection, and this in-
vestiture cannot be stripped from him but by the
judgment of his peers or the law of the land,—
which, as we have before seen, means trial by
^ Any other interpretation assumes this as a pos-
tulate, namely, that there is a higher or surer kind
of trial applicable to freemen, and a lower or in-
ferior mode of proceeding applicable to slaves.
And the inhuman inference from this assumption
is, that any man against whom a ten dollar com-
missioner may issue a warrant as a possible slave,
shall forthwith be subjected to the slave's mode of
trial, and be utterly deprived of the freeman's mode
of trial; or, at the best, that he shall be sent away
t a thousand miles, into another jurisdiction, there
j only to have the slave's mode of trial. According
to this form of proceeding, the first thing which
the commissioner says to his victim is: "Being a
slave you must be tried in a summary manner."
I " But I am not a slave," asseverates the respond-
i ent, "and I claim to be tried by my peers under
' the guaranties of the Constitution. ' "You are
i no party to the Constitution," rejoins the com-
missioner, " and, therefore, not entitled to its
shelter. The Constitution was made by the peo-
j pie, and for thepeople, and you are not of them."
Then says the victim: "If 1 could have the trial
! due to a freeman, I could prove myself a freeman;
i but under the form of trial awarded to a slave, I
may be proved a slave; so that my fate is made to
depend not upon mv rights, but upon your form
of proceeding." " Even if so," retorts the mer-
, cenary minister of the law, " it is but an imperfec-
, tion incident to human institutions. Is not one
man's property sometimes taken to pay another
