24:2
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
[Feb. 28,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
The Fugitive Slave Law—Mr. Mann, of Massachusetts.
Ho. of Reps.
mail's debts? and is not one man sometimes exe- jj
cuted for another man's murder? Why, then, !j
should the course of justice be arraigned, if a free
man, instead of a slave, is sometimes consigned to
bondage?"
Sir, the unescapable distinction lies here, that if
there be any difference between the kind or degree
of proof applicable to a freeman and that applica-
ble to a slave, then, in a free State, you must prove
a man to be a slave by freeman's proof. If cast
on such proof, then, and not till then, does he be-
come the subject of slave proof. Anything else
under the form of justice is a mockery of justice.
No man will say that the "claim" imposes any
disability upon the person claimed, or takes away
from him any rights. A man who has a presump-
tive right to his liberty has a perfect rignt to all
the means to prove it. The " claim " imposes no |
obligation to deliver up, but the proof under the
claim; and this proof in a case of "life, liberty, j
or property," is to be judged of by a jury. The
real question is, who is to be delivered up, a slave
or a freeman? If the person arrested is prejudged j,
to be a slave, then there is no need of a trial at all. i
If he is prima facie a freeman, then he is entitled <
to the most perfect mode of trial.
By the theory, I believe, of all the slave States
but one, every person of maternal African descent
is presumed to be a slave. As such, his civil con- ,
dition is fixed, special tribunals are constituted to
try him, and he is subjected to rules of evidence I
unknown to the common law and never applied
to freemen. Now it would be but the same kind
of legal absurdity and preposterousness, for the.
presumptive slave, in a slave State, to demand the j
form of trial, the tribunal and the evidence, which i
there appertain to a freeman, as it is to subject the j
presumptive freeman in a free State, to the form
of trial, the tribunal and the evidence which ap-
pertain to a slave.
The iniquity of the law is, that it enables a per-
jured or fictitious slaveowner, on proofs most
easily fabricated, to seize any individual in a free
State, and to prejudge him to be a slave, by the ;
very form of trial wlych this law authorizes. On ,
the contrary, nothing can be more clear, than that
the civil condition or status of every man found in
a free State is that of a free man. His living
under a free constitution, without anything more,
invests him prima facie with this character. Until
divested of this character, he continues presump-11
tively a free man. While such, he is entitled to !
every security which the Constitution gives to a
free man. How, then, can he be subjected to a
trial which reverses the whole law of presumption 1
in favor of freedom, and which presumes that he
is a slave to begin with ? This is not only antici- i
pating the judgment at the commencement of the !
proceedings, but it is anticipating the worst judg- |
ment that can be passed; and, by anticipating,
procuring it; as prophecies often procure their !
own fulfillment.
I put this case, and I challenge an answer that
shall refute or admit my conclusion: If any one
man in a free State can be seized and suddenly
transported into bondage under this law, then every
oilier man also can be; and there is not a single per-
son left in any fret State who has a right to a trial by
jury to save him from slavery. I am not now speak-
ing of the special danger to each particular indi-
vidual, but of the principle that embraces us all.
Under the most oppressive of tyrannies there are
persons who are not in danger. But under such
a law, who can tell what may happen to men (
arrested away from home, to unprotected women, 1
and to helpless children? Do you say that a pub-
lic sentiment and apublic watchfulness exist .which ;
would protect the whites, the female, and the
child? I reply that we possess our right to pro-
tection under the Constitution and laws, and are
not to be turned over to public sentiment or pub-
lic watchfulness in order to enjoy it.
Suppose an analogous law to be passed re-
specting debtor and creditor. Suppose a law to
provide some new mode of proceeding by which
the indebtedness of a defendant should be so far
presumed as to subject him to an inferior kind of
defence, or to transfer his case to another kind of
tribunal, as from jurors to arbitrators, to be se-
lected by the plaintiff himself. Who is there,
though through all his life he had fulfilled the
apostolic injunction to " owe no man anything,"
that might not be cast in an action that would |!
strip him of all his fortune ? i
The law punishes murder by death. Could it
know with omniscient certainty beforehand who is a t
murderer, it might take from him the trial by jury
without offence to the eternal principles of justice.
It is because the law cannot know with infallible
certainty, beforehand, who is a murderer, that it
provides the trial by jury to determine the question.
Just so, because human tribunals cannot know
with certainty who is a slave and who is free, the
Constitution gives the trial by jury, before any ,
man in a free State shall be deprived of his free-
dom. And the argument that if a man be wong-
fully consigned to bondage, he may be afterwards
restored to freedom, is as audacious and as tyran-
nical as to say that an innocent man may be hung
and sent into another world as a felon, because
sometimes the dead have been restored to life.
It is no answer to this view of the case, to say
that all processes, whether civil or criminal, are
initiated on the supposition that a pecuniary lia-
bility exists, or that a wrong lias been done.
Everybody knows that no presumption of this
kind follows the plaintiff, or the Government, into
court. When there, in the presence of the law,
the plaintiff must establish his claim affirmatively.
The possible debtor is no longer a debtor. So the
Government must prove the guilt of the man it has
arraigned. The possible criminal is no longer a
criminal. In the eye of the law, he is as innocent
as the unborn child. When they claim the trial
by jury, neither plaintiff nor prosecutor can say,
You are not entitled to this form of trial, because
you are presumptively a debtor, or presumptively !:
an offender. Yet this is precisely, and in totidem i
verbis, what the pro-slavery argument says to the jj
respondent when he is- brought before the commis-
sioner and put in peril of his freedom. In both
the cases supposed, such a doctrine would take
away a man s rights in the most odious manner,
by taking away the legitimate and constitutional
means of defending them.
For the purpose of determining by suit or by
prosecution whether a man is a debtor or is an
offender, a suit or a prosecution may be commenced
against him, but never for the purpose of raising <
a presumption that he is either the one or the i
other, or to deprive him of any evidence to which
ajj unindebted or an innpcent man is entitled, or
to change the tribunal which is to try the question
of indebtedness or of guilt. If attachment on
mesne process, if even indictment by the grand
inquest for the county, does not deprive a man of
his right to a trial by jury, how can so great a
natural wrong be constitutionally inflicted by the
warrant of a commissioner? |
The presumption that a colored man is a free
man in the free States, is just as strong as that a
man of pure, unmixed, Anglo-Saxon blood is a
free man in the slave States; and would they tol-
erate the doctrine for a moment that any perfectly
pure-blooded white person could be transformed
into a slave, and as such sent from his own State
into another, under this law ?
But to the argument, that the Constitution and
i the law of 1850 apply only to slaves, and that be- '
cause slaves are not parties to the Constitution,
they are not under its protection, and so not in-
cluded in the provision for jury trial, there is
another answer perfectly fatal. It is this: the
[ Constitution does not enumerate the various classes
of criminals who shall be entitled to trial by jury;
| but with the exception of cases of impeachment,
and cases in the military and naval service, it ex-
pressly declares as follows: " The trial of all
crimes shall be by jury." And also, " In all
criminal prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy the
right to a speedy and public trial by an impartial
jury,"&c. The right, therefore, is not made to
depend upon the classes of persons on trial; but
upon the nature of the charge brought against
, them. The Constitution does not say that free-
: men shall be tried in one way and slaves in
auother; but its language is, " all crimes," and
" all criminal prosecutions;" so that it embraces
every person who is prosecuted, whether free or
slave, citizen or foreigner, Jew or Gentile. If an
Englishman or Frenchman were to be tried here
for murder, how would the whole world deride
the suggestion that he should not have a jury trial,
, because he ta a foreigner, because he is not one of
the " people," and so not a party to the Constitu-
tion ?
So the Constitution does not say,—in suits be-
tween merchant and merchant, or between land-
lord and tenant, and so forth, " the right of trial
by jury shall be preserved;" but it says: "in
suits at common law, where the value in controversy
shall exceed twenty dollars." The right is not
determined by the character of the litigants, but
by the nature of the action. The Constitution
does not care who the parties are,—man, woman,
bond or free, it is all the same. As soon as par-
ties appear upon the record, the right to the trial
by jury attaches. The suit, and not the civil con-
dition of the litigants who instituted or who de-
fend it, tests and determines the jury question.
In the case of Lee vs. Lee, before cited, the law
allowed an appeal only in case the sum in contro-
versy should amount to $1,000. The appellant
was of African descent, and therefore, within that
jurisdiction, presumptively a slave;—not presump-
tively a freeman, as every man is in a free State;—
and, if a slave, then he could own no property;
for by the cruel law of slavery, every master may
rob his slave legally of all that he earns, or finds,
or otherwise receives. Yet the Supreme Court sus-
tained the appeal. Why was not so astute an ex-
ception as this then taken?—an exception which,
if they have a bar in Pandemonium, would have
done honor to one of its counsellors. Why was
it not said that a slave was no party to the law,
and therefore not entitled to its provisions? No
reason can be assigned why a slave is not as much
under the protection ofa constitution made for the
" people, as under the protection of a law made
for the "people." Yet here, even in the case of
a presumptive slave, a right was acknowledged,
which some freemen, in free States, deny to pre-
sumptive freemen.
1 have here been combating the argument, that
because the fugitive slave law is aimed at slaves,
no freeman has any ground of complaint against
it, even though he should be converted into a chat-
tel under it. He must console himself, under the
doom of interminable bondage, with the patriotic
and pious reflection that he is only suffering, as an
exception, to prtive the general excellence of the
law; and he must leave this consolation also to his
enslaved children. For,in his case, it is said that
eternal slavery is only one of those exceptions in
the working of the law which prove the rule of its
general excellence. This argument I hold to be
eminently sophistical and cruelly oppressive. But
if any one believes it to be a sound argument, then
I hold him to all fair deductions resulting from it,—
of which the following is clearly one:
On the same ground on which Congress passes
a law for escaped slaves, let every free State pass
a law for resident freemen. The presumption in
every free State being, that all men within its
borders are free, let every such State give the
trial by jury, in all cases in which personal liberty
is involved,.to every one who shall ask for it, and
who has not once had it in a litigation with the
same party, on the same subject-matter. Accord-
ing to the argument I have been considering, no
slaveholder can complain of such a law; for, by
its very terms, it applies only to freemen. The
law of Congress, applying only to slaves, and the
supposed State law, applying only to freemen,
there is no conflict between them. And if, by ac-
cident or mistake, any real slave should take
shelter under such a State law, and should escape
a life of horrible bondage, it will be only one of
those mistakes which may arise under the purest
administration of justice. It will answer quite as
well as its counterpart case, to stand as one of
those exceptions in the working of a rule which
prove its general excellence. If the occasional sub-
jection of a freeman, instead of a slave, to all the
horrors of bondage, constitutes no valid objection
to the United States law, then surely the occa-
sional enfranchisement of a slave from a bondage
that was always unjust and cruel, should consti-
tute no objection to the law of the.free State. If
this fugitive slave law continues for a single year,
I hope every free State will pass a law inflicting
condign punishment upon every man who directly
or indirectly assists in sending any man into south-
ern bondage, unless he can prove before a jury
that the man so sent was a slave.
I So far, 1 have considered the question, whether
