244
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 28,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
The Fugitive Slave Law—Mr. Mann, of Massachusetts.
Ho. of Reps.
ried to Florida. Nay, Jie may not be carried to
anyState in this Union. He may be sent to Cuba
or Brazil; beyond hope, and into the outer dark-
ness of despair.
All the arguments which I have ever heard, or
seen, on this point, gratuitously assume, that the
person reclaimed and transported will have an hon-
est master, be surrounded by kind friends, and
have a lawyer at hand whom he can consult with
every day, and money in his pocket to fee him.
"Would such be the case of a kidnapped freeman?
Would a wretch, vile enough to vob a man of his
liberty, carry him five hundred or a thousand
miles, and then go to a county town during a ses-
sion of the court, and give his pretended slave a
purse of money with which to fee a lawyer, for
investigating his right to freedom ? No ! the man
who knows, or suspects, that he has seized a free-
man, or that his victim even believes that he is a
freeman, and will put him to the trouble and ex-
pense of a trial, will plunge that freeman into the
abyss of bondage, where no ray of hope may ever
reach him, and where his voice will be hushed as
in the silence of death.
Another objection to the fugitive slave law is,
that it confers judicial power upon persons who
are not judges. Here we are not left to inference
or construction, but can stand on the plain words
of the Constitution. The third article declares:
" The judicial power of the United States shall be vested
in one Supreme Court, and m such interior courts as the
Congress may from time to tiAi■■ ordain and establish. The
judges both of the supreme and interior courts shall hold
their offices during jrood behavior, and shall at stated times
receive for their services a compensation which shall not
be diminished during their couunuiuice in office."—~ht. 3,
Si-
Here I hold it to be clear beyond dispute, that
the "judges" mentioned in the second sentence
of the above section are the members of the " Su-
preme Court" and "inferior courts" mentioned
in the first section, and no other. If so, then there
can be no doubt about the tenure of their office,
and the mode of their appointment, compensatien,
and removal.
By sec. 2, of art. II, the President " shall nomi-
nate, and by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, shall appoint" "judges of the Su-
preme Court, and all other officers of the United
States, whose appointments are not herein other-
wise provided for, and which shall be established
by law."
The appointment of no judge of any court is
" otherwise provided for in the Constitution;"
and therefore the appointment of all the judges in
whom " the judicial power of the United States
is vested" belongs by the Constitution to the
President and Senate; and this "judicial power"
cannot be delegated to, nor exercised by, any per-
Bons not so appointed.
The courts may appoint " inferior officers,"
such as clerks, criers, or masters in chancery; but
these are not "judges;" nor would any one of
them singly, nor any number of them associated
together, constitute a " court," within the mean-
ing of the first section of the third article. Were
such the case, then they might have power to ap-
point " inferior officers," and so on, by sub-dele-
gation, indefinitely.
The Constitution also defines what it means by
"judicial power." It says: "The judicial power
shall extend to all cases in law and equity arising
under this Constitution, the laws of the United
States," &c.
Now, my position is, that the fugitive slave law
requires the creation of a large body of officers
who are not "judges," but whom it purports to
invest with "judicial powers."
They are not "judges," because they are not
nominated by the President and confirmed by the
Senate, as all "judges" must be.
Even if Congress had declared by express
words, that the commissioners appointed by the
circuit and district courts should be taken and held
to be "judges," it would not make them so; for
Congress cannot delegate any power to judges to
appoint judges, nor to courts to make courts. If
Congress could not do this by express enactment,
how can it do it by implication J
Commissioners are not "judges," also, because
no person can be a "judge" who is not entitled,
" at stated times, to receive for his services a com-
pensation which shall not be diminished during
his continuance in office." !
This provision necessitates the conclusion that
all "judges" must be entitled to salaries pay-
able periodically. These salaries are in no case
to depend upon the amount or the quality of their
labors;—far less, if possible, upon their deciding
the cases that are brought before them for the
plaintiff, or for the defendant. One "judge" may
11 have an eviable reputation for talent and integrity,
i and thus attract suitors to his court. Another
! may be as corrupt as Lord Jeffries, and repel all
honest litigants from him. But in either case, he
has a right to a compensation which shall not be
diminished during his continuance in office. Each
year gives him a definite, unchanged sum of
money.
But the commissioner is paid by fees, and the
amount of his fees depends partly upon the num-
ber of cases he decides, and partly also upon the
party in whose favor he depides. If he decides
j that a man is free, he receives five dollars. If he
I decides that he is a slave, he receives ten. If the
II commissioner is acceptable to the slave hunter, i
!1 suitors multiply. If obnoxious to them, his docket j
i is bare of a case. He is entitled to his compensa- 1
tion, not "at stated times," but on thedetermina- |
tion of each case. His compensation may be di-
minished, or it may cease altogether, during his
continuance in office. Each year does not give
him any definite, unchanged sum of money.
The "judge " must be paid by the Government,
' and is independent of all the parties before his
court. The commissioner is never to be paid by
the Government, but is wholly dependent for his
fees upon the claimant whose case he tries. The
Government guaranties the payment of the
"judge," but it can never inquire or know
whether the commissioner be paid or not. I
By the sixth article of the Constitution,all "ju-
dicial officers" must make oath or affirmation that
they will support the Constitution. But there is
no law requiring these commissioners to take an
I oath; and as a matter of practice, in some parts of
\ the country at least, it is known that they take no
such oath.
j Now, by the act, a portion of the "judicial-
power" of the United States, the whole of which is,
by the Constitution, vested in one " supreme
, court," and in "inferior courts," is given to the
commissioners. The fourth section says they
" shall have concurrent jurisdiction with the judges
of the circuit and district courts of the United
States." If the power of these courts, in the
i premises, is judicial, then the power of the com-
missioners, being the same, is judicial.
The Attorney General of the United States, in
a written opinion given by command of the Presi-
dent of the United States, declares that this power,
so given to the commissioners, is judicial. The
following are his words:
" These officers, [the commissioners,] and each of them,
I have judicial power, and jurisdiction to hear, examine, and
decide the case."
" The certificate to be granted to the owner is to be re-
garded as the act and judgmentof a judicial tribunal having
competent jurisdiction."
"Congre*s has constituted a tribunal with exclusive ju-
risdiction to determine summarily, and without appeal, who
are fugitives from service." " The judgment of the tribu- '
nal created by this act is conclusive upon all tribunals."
They are not "judges," again, because, if they Such is the opinion of the Attorney General of
ere, they must hold their offices " during good the United States, given upon the precise point,
i— by order of the President of the United States.
But the point needed no authority to sustain it.
It results inevitably from the very nature of the
power conferred by the law. The decision of the
commissioner is to be final and conclusive, and the
subject-matter of the decision is liberty and prop-
erty. The case cannot be reheard or reexamined
wer
behavior." But the commissioners may be un
made on the day they are made. "Judges" can
be removed only by conviction, on impeachment.
Commissioners may be removed by the court that
appointed them. Not the President, nor the Sen-
ate, nor both together, can remove a judge, unless
by the initiatory and concurrent action of the
House of Representati\e5. An " inferior court"
can eject a com nissioner without notice.
by any judge, or by any court, of any State, or
of the United States. The decision acts in rem
i and in personam* It delivers the property to the
claimant, and puts the body of the defendant into
his custody. From that moment, if the law has
any validity, the defendant is the slave of the
plaintiff, by force of a "judicial " decision. The
plaintiff thenceforth may control his actions, hi«
words, his food, his sleep. If he chooses to exer-
cise his authority in such a way, he can order his
victim to carry him home on his back, and make
him bear the loathsome burden of his person a 
well as of his will. Now, to say that the power
which effects these results is not a judicial power,
is to do violence to language, and to commit a
fraud upon the inherent nature of ideas. In no
case known to the common law, or indeed to any
otfter law, is a plaintiff invested with full rights,
except after final judgment.
If, then, this power i# a "judicial power," the
Constitution peremptorily forbids that it should
be vested anywhere but in a "court," whose
" judges" are nominated, confirmed, sworn, hold
office, are paid, and are removable, according to
its requirements. By the first article in the Con-
stitution, all legislative power " shall be vested in
a Congress." By the second article, the " exec-
utive power shall be vested in a President."
And by the third article, " the judicial power shall
be vested" in the courts. And it was just as com-
petent for Congress to invest " commissioners"
with supreme " executive" or "legislative "power,
as to vest them'with "judicial" power.
If, by good fortune, or by miraculous interposi-
tion , a captured freeman should afterwards obtain a
hearing in a court of the State to which he had
; been carried, such hearing would, in no sense, be
| in the nature of a review of the former case, either
! by appeal, writ of error, mandamus, or certiorari.
It would be by the institution of another suit, under
another government. The relation of the parties
would be reversed. The respondent who was
kidnapped must be plaintiff, the plaintiff kidnap-
per, or some one claiming under him, must be de-
fendant. W ere the various possessory writs known
I to the English common law, any the less " suits
at common law;" or were the courts that tried
them any the less judicial tribunals, because a
writ of right could be afterwards brought, in which
the previous judgments could not be pleaded in
bar, and would be neither estoppel nor proof of
title?
But to avoid the force of all this, it has been
said, that the proceedings before the commissioner
do not constitute a " case," within the meaning of
the second section of the third article, which ex-
tends the "judicial power" of'the United States
to all " cases" in law and equity. Instead of be-
ing a "case," it is said to be only a summary
inquiry designed to operate as a condition for ex-
ecutive action, in order to accomplish a special
and limited object; like the inquiry, who are right-
ful claimants of money held by the Government
under a treaty, and how much belongs to each
one. It is also said, that if a construction so lit-
eral is to be put upon the words " judicial power,"
then no master in chancery could act in behalf of
the courts in equity cases; no commissioner of
bankruptcy could be appointed under a bankrupt
law, &,c.
In answer to the first position, that the proceed-
ings for the reclamation of fugitive slaves do not
constitute "a case," we have the most explicit
declaration of the Supreme Court in more cases
than one. In Prigg's case, 16 Peters, 616, the
! court say:
" It is plain, then, that while a claim is made by the
i owner, out of possession, for the delivery of a slave, it must
be made, if at all, against some other person; and inasmuch
as the right is a right of property capable of being recog-
nized, and asserted by proceedings before a court of justice
oetweeu parties adverse to each other, it constitute?, in the
strictest  eni?e, a controversy between the parties, and a
case, arising under the Constitution of the United States,
within the express delegation of judicial power given by
that instrument. **'
a A case in law or equity consists of the right of the one
party as well as of the other, and may truly be said to arise
under the Constitution, or a law of the United States, when-
ever its correct decision depends on the construction of
either'"—Cogens vs. Virginia, 6 Wheat., 379, (5 Cond.
Ue., 101.) S V
Indeed, almost every page of the opinion of the
court, in Cohens rs. Virginia, may be referred to
to show that they used the word "case" in a sense
that embraces the proceedings for the reclamation
of a fugitive slave. If so, then any tribunal, having
