1851.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
249
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Democracy—Rivers and Harbors—Mr. Morse.
Ho. of Reps.
tioning a few cases, to show how their preaching
and their practice tally.
In 1831, the Legislature of Georgia offered a
bribe of five thousand dollars to any one who would
arrest, and bring to trial and conviction, in Georgia,
a citizen of Massachusetts, named William Loyd
Garrison. This law was " approved" by William
Lumpkin, Governor, on the 26th December, 1831. !
Mr. Garrison had never stept foot within the lim- I
its of Georgia, and therefore it was not a reward
for his trial and conviction, but for his abduction
and murder.
At a meeting of slaveholders, held at Sterling,
in the same State, September 4, 1835, it was form-
ally recommended to the Governor, to offer,' by
proclamation, the five thousand dollars appro-
priated by the act of 1831, for the apprehension
of either of ten persons, citizens, with one excep-
tion, of New York or Massachusetts, whose
names were given; not one of whom, it was not
even pretended, had ever been within the limits of
Georgia.
The Milledgeville (Ga.) Federal Union, of Feb-
ruary 1, 1836, contained an offer of $10,000 for
kidnapping A. A. Phelps, a clergyman of the city
of New York.
The committee of vigilance, (another " commit-
tee of vigilance,") of the parish of East Feliciana, i
offered in the Louisville Journal of October 15, |
1835, $50,000 to any person who would deliver j
into their hands Arthur Tappan, a merchant of'
New York.
At a public meeting of the citizens of Mount
Meigs, Alabama, August 13,1836, the honorable
Bedford Ginressln the chair, a reward of $50,000
was offered for the apprehension of the same Ar-
thur Tappan, or of Le Roy Sunderland, a Metho-
dist clergyman of New York.
Repeated instances have occurred in which the
Governors of slave States,—Virginia, Georgia,
Kentucky, Alabama,&c.,—have made requisitions
upon the Governors of free States, under the sec-
ond section of the fourth article of the Constitu-
tion, for the surrender of free citizens, as fugitives
from justice, when it was well known that the citi-
zens so demanded were not within the limits of
the slave States at the time when the alleged of-
fence was committed, And, in some instances, had
sever been there in their lives,—high executive
gerversions of the Constitution of the United
tates by Chief Magistrates who had sworn to
support it.
For nearly twenty years past the post office
laws of the United States have been systematically
violated in slave States, the mail-bags rifled, and i
their contents seized and publicly burned; and, in |
some instances, these violations have been en- j
joined, under heavy penalties, by a law of the
States, There are several of the slave States on !:
whose statute books these laws, commanding a I
violation of the post office, stand to-day. I
During Mr. Adams's administration, a man by !i
the name of Tassels, in Georeia, was adjudged to ;;
be hung, under a law of the State, as clearly un-' j
constitutional as was ever passed. A writ of error j
was sued out from the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States, in order to bring the case before that
tribunal for revision. But the State of Georgia
anticipated the service of the writ, and made sure
of its victim by hanging him extemporaneously.
Within a few weeks past,—the accounts having
but just now reached us,—an aged and most re-
spectable individual of the name of Harris, a citi-
zen of New Hampshire, has been "tried by a mob 11
in South Carolina, and tarred and feathared, be-
cause he happened to have in his trunk a sermon 1
which had been sent to him by one of his acquaint-
ances, a clergyman at the North; though he had
never showed the sermon to a single individual,
nor whispered a word of its contents. Another
man, a Doctor Coles, belonging to Bosfon, who 1
had been lecturing on the subject of physiology, j
was, within a few days, seized! and carried before
a magistrate, in the same State, his trunks rifled, !
the private letters sent to him by his wife and
family publicly read, with the most indecent com- I
merits, and all without any shadow of reasonable
suspicion against him. j
The unconstitutional imprisonment of northern !
seamen in southern ports is an occurrence so fre-
quent, and so universally known, that I need not
spend time to enumerate or to describe the cases.
The President of the United States has made
proclamation, and proffered the military and naval
force of the United States to aid any southern
slave owner in reducing his fugitive slave to a"
new bondage; but I have not heard that he has
made any similar proclamation, or manifested any
anxiety for the support of that part of the Consti-
tution which says that "the citizens of each State
shall be entitled to all the privileges and immunities
of citizens in the several States."
Now, with a few exceptions, it is these very
classes of men who violate the laws against extor-
tion and usury ; who break do wn the barriers against
the desolations of intemperance; who, almost alone
of all our citizens, are implicated in the breach
'of the revenue laws; who annul the post office
laws of the United States; who offer rewards for
free northern citizens, that they may get them in
their power to lynch and murder them; who de-
mand free citizens as fugitives from justice, in
, States where they have never been, and who im-
prison free citizens and sell them into slavery;—it
is these classes who are now so suddenly smitten
: with a new sense of the sacredness of law, and of
i the duty of obedience to law,—not of the laws of
i God, not even of the lawsof man, in general, but of
this most abominable of all enactments, the fugi-
tive slave law in particular.
I do not cite the above ^ases from among a
thousand similar ones, as any justification orapol-
ogy for forcible and organized resistance to law by
those who even constructively can be said to have
given it their consent. But the words of a preach-
er do not "come mended from his tongue, when
his name is a scandal among men for his violation
of all the precepts he enjoins.
And now, sir, when I am called upon to support
such a law as this, while it lasts, or to desist from
opposing it in all constitutional ways, my response
is, Repeal the law, that I may no longer be called
upon to support it. In the name of my constitu-
ents, and by the memory of that "old. man elo-
quent," in whose place it is my fortune to stand, I
demand its repeal. I demand it,—
Because it is a law which wars against the fun-
damental principles of human liberty.
Because it is a law which conflicts with the Con-
stitution of the country, and with all the judicial
interpretations of that Constitution, wherever they
have been applied to the white race.
Because it is a law which introduces a fatal prin-
ciple into the code of evidence, and into judicial
practice,—a principle before which no man s liber-
ties and no man'b rights of any kind can stand.
Because it is a law which is abhorrent te the
moral and religious sentiments of a vast majority
of the community that is called upon to enforce it.
Because the life and character of so many of
its apologists and supporters are themselves po-
tent arguments against it.
Because it is a law which, if executed in the free
States, divests them of the character of free States,
and makes them voluntary participators in the
guilt of slaveholding.
Because it is a law which disgraces our country
in the eyes of the whole civilized world, and gives
plausible occasion to the votaries of despotic!
power "to decry republican institutions.
Because it is a law which forbids us to do unto
others as we would have them do to us, and which
makes it a crime to feed the hungry, to clothe the
naked, and to visit and succor the sick and the
imprisoned.
Because it is a law which renders the precepts
of the Gospel and the teachings of Jesus Christ
seditious; and, were the Savior and his band of
disciples now upon earth, there is but one of them
who would escape its penalties by pretending "to
conquer his prejudices." And, finally,
Because the advocates and defenders of this law '
have been compelled to place its defence upon the
express ground that the commandments of men
are of higher authority than the ordinances of God.
In Hooker's sublime description of Law when
understood in its generic sense, he says:
" Of Law there can be no less acknowledged than that her
seat is the bosom of God, her voice the harmony of the
world ; all things in heaven and earth do her homage, the
very least as feeling her care, and the greatest as not ex-
empted from her power; both angels, and men. and crea-
tures, of what condition soever, though each in different
sort and manner, yet all with uniform consent, admiring
her as the Mother of their peace and joy." !
Now, sir,with these glorious attributes of" Law,"
I say the fugitive slave law of the last session pos-
sesses not one quality in common, nor in simili-
tude. To say that the seat of such a law is in the
"bosom of God" is intensest blasphemy. To
say that it is "the harmony of the world," is to
declare that the world is a sphere of ubiquitous and
omnipotent wrong, uncheckered by any thought
of justice, and devoid of any emotion of love. To
say that "all things in heaven do homage" to
such a law, is to affirm of the realms of light
what is true only of the realms of darkness. The
"least"'do not "feel its jare," but tremble and
wail beneath its cruelty; while the "greatest"
and the strongest are "exempt from its power;"
for they made it not for themselves but for others.
To no class of " creatures," rational or irrational,
human or divine, can it prove to be the " Mother
of peace and joy;" but wherever it extends, and
as long as it exists, it will continue to be an over-
flowing Marah of bitterness and strife.
As the great name of Hooker has been profane-
jy cited in behalf of this law, I will close by quot-
ing his distinction between those laws of human
Governments which ought to be obeyed, and
those which ought not:
 "which laws," says he, "we must obey, unlets there
be reason shewed which may necessarily enforce that
THE LAW or RKASOlf OR Of GOD DOTH ENJOIN THE CON-
TRARY."
DEMOCRACY—RIVER AND HARBOR BILL.
REMARKS OF HON. I. E. MORSE,
OF LOUISIANA,
In the House op Representatives,
February 14 and 15, 1851.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and having under consideration the
River and Harbor Bill,
Mr. MORSE obtained the floor, and said:
Mr. Chairman: The decided vote by Which the
necessary appropriation bills for the purpose of
carrying on this Government, were laid aside,
indicates a foregone determination to pass this bill
without giving to its opponents the poor opportu-
nity of being heard against some of the iniquities
apparent upon the face of it. I regret that the
little time which has elapsed between the intro-
duction of this bill and the moment at which I
have the honor to address the committee, has not
enabled me to prepare myself as fully as I had
hoped, to speak upon the general merits of the
bill. But before I enter upon that subject, I de-
sire to reply very briefly to- some of the remarks
made by the gentleman from Maryland who has
just taken his seat, [Mr. McLane,] at the com-
mencement of his speech. I should not feel myself
bound to make any reply to the gentleman's
definition of Democracy, or his ideas of the Mad-
isonian view in relation to internal improvements,
if his position as chairman of one of the most
important committees of this House, had not
invested his words with a force and effect which,
perhaps, from an individual member they would
not have had.
The gentleman told us very frankly to-day, that
when called upon, by some gentleman near him,
to define Democracy, he had a right, according to
Paley's system of ethics, either to tell the truth,
or to define it in some other manner. What that
other manner is, I know not. But I hope it was
the reverse of the truth. For one, I desire to
say, once for all, that if the sentiments put forth
by the chairman of the Committee on Commerce
be Democracy, I'do not belong to any such class
of politics. If that be Democracy, I am some-
thing else, entirely antagonistical to it. It may
be "Free Soilism;" it may be Whiggery. The
State of Maryland never has given a Democratic
vote since its organization; and the reason of that
may be, that the leaders of the Democratic party in
that State have entertained such notions of Democ-
racy as the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Mc-
Lane] advances. The gentleman from Maryland,
in the course of his remarks in reply to the gentle-
man from South Carolina, [Mr. Holmes,] took
occasion to advise him to keep within the old adage,
that "people who reside in glass houses should
not throw stones." Now, sir, we heard the gen-
tleman undertake to tell us what was the Madi-
sonian doctrine on the subject of internal improve-
