1850.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
253
31 st Cong 2d Sess.
Our Domestic Policy—Mr. Giddings.
Ho. op Reps.
avowed; that the nation should understand dis-
tinctly whether he is for or against this fugitive
law, now so odious throughout the free States.
Before I go further, I wish to say, that I heartily
approve the doctrine which the President lays
down respecting the exercise of his veto power. I
regard it as the doctrine of the Constitution. It
is true, however, that it overthrows and wholly
discards the avowed policy of the party which
elected him. That party avowed its doctrine to
be, that the veto power should never be exercised,
except when the bill presented fnr the President's
approval w&s cUarly unconstitutional.
This doctrine the President repudiates, and
goes as far in the support of that prerogative as
Jackson, or Tyler, or Polk. I approve this inde-
Fendence, this casting aside thetrammels of party,
am now curious to see how many of those friends
will turn round and go with the President in this
change of doctrine.
But, by looking at the latter part of the message,
it becomes evident that (he President intends the
country shall understand that he will veto any bill
for the repeal of this fugitive law. To do that,
while holding to the doctrines on which he was
elected, would have been palpably inconsistent.
In order, therefore, to make a show of consistency,
he must first repudiate this important doctrine of
his party. As to the morality of this deception, 1
forbear to make any remarks.
The boldness with which the President avows
his friendship to the fugitive law, is not only com-
mendable, but should entitle him to the thanks of
the whole North, as well as of the whole South.
When the vote was taken upon that bill, there
was found north of Mason and Dixon's line only
three Whigs in this body who possessed the moral
courage to meet the odium of voting for its pas-
sage. From the day of that vote, until the read-
ing of this message, the Whig press of the North,
with nearly unanimous voice, repeated and reiter-
ated this fact, in order to exonerate their party
from the odium of that measure, and to place the
. responsibility of its enactments upon their political
opponents. The message meets and exposes this
unmanly subterfuge, and boldly defies the odium
attached to this measure. A short time will deter-
mine how many northern Whigs will now face
about at the bidding of the Executive, and share
with him the unenviable fame of sustaining and
continuing an enactment which is a libel on all that
is called law. These changes, sir, may prove in-
convenient to the younger members of the party—
to those who have had but little experience; but to
those who have been accustomed to follow the
leaders of that party, these political summersets
must have become familiar.
Most of our Whig editors of the North have ;
assured their leaders that the feelings, and con- \
science, and judgment of the President were op-
posed to this fugitive law. This message will !
teach them that he thinks his own thoughts, and
speaks his own wishes, and acts upon hi# own
judgment; and that it is for them to turn round and
swallow their words, and go in for a continuance
of this law, which they have so loudly denounced,
or they will'be read out of the party.
Sir, had the President avowed his desire for the
passage of this law, prior to his election in 1848,
how many votes, think you, he would have re-
ceived in the free States? 1 think they would have
been few. At that time, he was represented as a_
friend of freedom, a supporter of northern rights,"
and devoted to the cause of humanity. Upon
these principles he was sustained in the North.
But no sooner were the clods adjusted upon the ;
grave of his predecessor, than we were informed j
that he had abandoned every doctrine in relation
to slavery which his party had maintained pend- j
ing his election. He adopted the entire programme
of measures announced in the Senate by the pres- ;
ent Secretary of State, on the 7th of March last.
His influence was exerted for the delivery of some
fifty thousand square miles of free territory to
Texas and to slavery—to pay Texas ten million
dollars, to hire her to abstain from driving our
Army from our western territory, and from dis-
solving the Union. He was in favor of the passage
of laws to organize governments in our Territories,
without excluding slavery; and he was in favor of
this fugitive law. j
No man had ever come into the presidential j
chair, who so unceremoniously cast side and re-
pudiated the important pledges of his friends and
his party. No public man of high standing, from
the free States, has so suddenly and so boldly ab-
jured the cause of freedom, and, before the world,
pledged fealty to the slave power, saving and ex-
cepting his Secretary of State, whose counsels he
appears to have adopted.
But in this boldness, the manly frankness with
which the President announces this change of po-
sition, and tacitly calls upon his former friends to
follow him, may 'teach us the propriety of here-
after understanding the principles of our presi-
dential candidates before we vote for them, rather
than undergo the mortification of those party
changes and countermarchings. The public will
watch with much interest to see how many of his
party friends will change their position, in order
to stand with him in favor of this fugitive law, and
of slavery.
The President informs us that the Constitution
has made it his duty to " take care that the laws be
faithfully executed.' All are aware that such is
mad^iis duty. But how has he performed it ? He
has seen the mails violated in South Carolina and
other States, robbed of newspapers which do not
suit the taste of their people, and the laws of Con-
gress held in contempt and trampled upon. This
is done by his own officers, who hold their ap-
pointments at his will; but, sir, has he ousted
such men from office? We have yet to learn that
he has even reproved them, much less has he hint-
ed at these things in this message. He sees the
free colored citizens of New England, and, indeed,
of nearly all the free States, seized, imprisoned,
and sold into bondage, by southern men. He is
aware that hundreds, and perhaps thousands, of
free-born northern citizens now pine in southern
chainii; he witnesses this transcendent outrage
upon the laws, upon the Constitution, and upon
humanity, in perfect silence; he does not even
hint at their existence. He has seen the agents
of Massachusetts driven by mob violence from
South Carolina and Louisiana, when sent there to
sustain the legal rights of the citizens of that State
now held in slavery. He knew that no northern
State nor individual could rescue those citizens
from the chains of servitude. Upon outrages,
more aggravated than any that have ever occurred
under this Government, he makes no comment.
' Sir, the House and the country must see that the
only sympathy exhibited in the message is for
slavery—he has none for freedom. He recom-
mends us not to repeal the fugitive slave law, but
recommends no law to sustain the liberties of our
, own people, or to redeem those freemen who
mourn in southern bondage; still he assures us
; that, " in our domestic policy, the Constitution
shall be his guide," and that "he regards all its
provisions as equally binding." That this declara- [
tion is entirely erroneous, is too obvious to require
further exposure. j
Mr. Chairman, our opposition to the fugitive
law is based upon the soundest principles of ethics
and of law, as well as the dictates of the common
sense of mankind. While the southern men are
thus seizing northern freemen, enslaving and I
brutalizing them, they turn round and call on us
to leave our employments, give chase, and arrest )
and return their fugitive slaves. While violating
our national compact in its most vital features, J
they ask us not merely to observe and keep our
stipulations, but to go far beyond our covenants to
uphold their slavery. Now, sir, these southern
men have no claim whatever on us to observe the
compact, while they disregard and trample upon
it. Such are the dictates of law, and of justice,
a^d of the common sense of mankind. A com-
pliance with such demand would constitute us the
mere subsidiaries, the appendages, of southern
slavery. This feeling has thus far been suppressed <
by our intelligent people, hoping that Congress ,
would relieve them from the position in which
they have long been placed. If this fugitive law
be kept in force, and Congress shall exert its
power and influence to degrade our people, I, sir,
will not predict the consequences. They may be
read in our past history. One thing may be re-
garded as admitted truth—while Ohio freemen are
field in southern chains, the people of the northern
pdrtion of that State will not arrest, nor return,
fugitive slaves. I speak for no other portion of the [
country. But the South and the North, the East
and the West, may understand, that, while the
inhabitants of our State shall be held in slavery,
(and there are manji there,) few, very few, slaves
will return to bondage from that section of coun-
try where I reside.
Sir, suppose a man born among us, educated in
our schools, baptized in our churches, professing
our religion, but who has been seized and held in
southern slavery, should make his escape, and re-
visit the scenes of his birth and childhood; but,
while quietly and peaceably among us, the baying
of human blood-hounds should be heard upon his
track, and the whole army of slave-catchers, in-
cluding certain high dignitaries who procured the
passage of the fugitive law, should be seen coming
in hot pursuit, with handcuffs and chains, and fet-
ters prepared and clanking in their hands—do you,
sir, think they would take him and fetter him in
the presence of our people, and drag'him back to
a land of sighs and tears? Sir, if the President,
or members of this body, or that class of clergy-
men who are preaching that obedience to this law
is a religious duty, believe this can be done, they
had better study the character of our population
more thoroughly.
Under that law such cases may frequently oc-
cur, and whether there be a neighborhood north
of Mason and Dixon's line, where such a free-
man can be taken back to a land of whips and
chains, I leave for others to judge; I will not argue
the point.
But the President is not satisfied with quoting
the words of the Constitution; he closes the para-
graph with the following sentence:
" You, gentlemen, and the country, may be assured, that
to theutmost of my ability, and to the extent of the power
vested in me, I thall at all times, and in all placet, take
care that the laws be faithfully executed.99
This language is understood by the House and
by the country. No one can mistake its import.
It is the language of menace—of intimidation. He
distinctly avows that, " to the extent of the power
vested in him, he will see" this infamous law exe-
cuted. The power of the Army and the Navy is
vested in the President. This power he assures
us will be used to shoot down northern freemen,
if necessary to enforce this law. This attempt at
menace is unworthy of the President. It is un-
becoming his station. I feel pained while con-
templating the position in which the President has
thus placed himself. No language could have been
more destructive to his influence. This taunting
menace should never have been addressed to, free-
men—to men who understand the Constitution
and know their rights. I have shown some rea-
sons why our people of Northern Ohio will not
obey that law. The President may speak to them
of the "power vested in him"—of the Army and
Navy; and he may tell them that he will use the
whole military power of the nation at all times and
in all places to enforce this detestable law; but,
sir, they will hurl back defiance both at him and
his army. He may send his troops—his Swiss
guards of slavery; he may put all the machines of
human butchery in operation; he may drench our
free land with blood; he may entitle himself to the
appellation .of a second " Haynao;" but he will
never compel them to obey that law. They will gov-
ern themselves. They will obey every constitu-
i tional enactment; but they will discard and repu-
' diate this fugitive bill. I speak what I feel before
I God and man. I speak what every enlightened
| statesman must feel and admit, when I say that no
' free, enlightened, and independentpeople ever was,
or ever will be, governed by the bayonet and the
sword. No, sir. I will say to the President with
j all kindness, but with unhesitating confidence, our
people will never be compelled by the bayonet or the
cannon, or in any other manner, to lend any aid or
i assistance in executing that infamous law; nor will
they obey it.
! The President should have learned ere this that
public sentiment, with an enlightened and patriotic
people, is stronger than armies or navies; that he
\ himself is but the creature of the people's will—
i their servant—elected to execute their purposes.
; In the enactment of this law, their feelings were
' not consulted, their honor was disregarded, and
their wishes were treated with scorn. Sir, a large
portion of the northern people were not repre-
sented in this body at the passage of that law.
