254
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Dec. 2,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Our Domestic Policy—Mr. Giddings.
Ho. of Reps.
Their servants fled from this Hall, and left the in-
terests, the rights, and the honor of their constit-
uents to be disposed of by slaveholders and their
obsequious allies. This law%" was conceived in
sin," and literally "brought forth in iniquity."
It is due to our southern friends that we should
inform them distinctly that the law cannot and will
not be enforced. Our people, sir, know what con-
stitutes law. This enafctmen 11 call a la w merely for
convenience, because our language furnishes no
proper term in which to characterize it. It has
the form, but it is entirely destitute of the spirit—
the essenee of law It commands the perpetration
of crimes, which no human enactment can justify.
In passing it, Congress overstepped the limits of
civil government, and attempted to usurp powers
which belong only to God. In this attempt to in-
volve our people in crimes forbidden by inspiration,
by every impulse of humanity, and to command
one portion of the people to wage a war upon an-
other, Congress was guilty of tyranny unexam-
pled. This enactment is beyond the power, out-
side of the duties, of human government; it im-
poses no obligation to commit the crimes it
commands, it can justify no one for committing
them. For this reason, the people will not obey it.
Nor is this doctrine new, either in theory or in
practice. In every State of the Union statutes
have been enacted which never have been and
never could be enforced. They are so opposed to
the public sense of justice and propriety, that they
remain a dead letter from the day of their enact-
ment. Congress has enacted many such laws,
which no President ever could or ever will en-
force. This fugitive law must be repealed, or, if
it remains unrepealed, it will remain a dead letter.
Of the fifteen thousand fugitives in the free States,
probably not ten have been returned to bondage,
and I doubt whether ten more will ever be re-
turned .
Mr. Chairman, I now wish to call the attention
of the House to the assertion of an important
principle in which J most heartily concur. The
President says:
" Every citizen who truly loves the Constitution, and
desires the continuance of its existence and its blessings,
will resolutely and firmly resist any interference in those
domestic affairs, which the Constituiinn has clearly and
unequivocally left to the exclusive authority of the States."
This, Mr. Chairman, is the doctrine of the Con-
stitution, the doctrine of its framers. It is the
doctrine of the Free-Soilers. If there be any one
feature in the Constitution, which the whole his-
tory of its adoption has made plain, it is that sla-
very is a State institution, over which Congress has
no control—with which this Federal Government
has no legitimate power to interfere. We, sir, of
the North, will not be constrained, even by your
fugitive law, to interfere with it. The slavery of
Virginia belongs to her. If she possesses the
power and the disposition to uphold it, we cannot
put it down or abolish it. If she sees fit to abol-
ish it, we have no power to interfere to sustain it.
I have often defined the views of anti-slavery
men and of Free-Soilers on this subject—others
have often done it; yet we are misapprehended
and constantly misrepresented. That clause of
the message now under consideration was in-
tended to impute to us a purpose, a desire, to in-
terfere with southern slavery. That idea, false
and unfounded, has been asserted and reiterated
for years. The President should have been bet-
ter informed. For the hundreth time I repeat that
Congress nor this Federal Government have any
more power to interfere with the slavery of the
southern States than they have with the serfdom
.of Russia. The slave States hold their " pecu-
liar institution" as independently of this Govern-
ment as Russia holds her serfs. Again, sir, this
Government possesses no more right to involve
the people of the North in the support of southern
slavery, than it has to involve us in the support
of Russian serfdom. Congress possesses no
more power nor right to make us the catchers of
southern slaves then of Russian serfs.
These were the views and feelings of those who
framed the Constitution. They never dreamed of
making us the catchpolls for southern slave-hunt-
ers.
Nothing could have been further from the
thoughts of those who framed the Constitution.
In that Convention, Mr. Gouverneur Morris said
that " he never would concur in upholding domestic
slavery." So say I, and so say our people of the
j North. We never will concur in upholding that
j institution. Mr. Morris added: "It is a nefarious
institution. It was the curse of Heaven upon
the States in which it existed."
So we say. It is a curse upon those States, but
the curse is theirs, not ours, and we will not share
in it. Your fugitive law shall not compel us to
share in it. Our fathers would not consent to be
involved in its crimes—we will not.
Mr. Gerry, of Massachusetts, said: "While we
have nothing to do with slavery in the States, we
should be careful to lend no sanction to it." Sir,
we will lend no sanction to it, nor shall your fugi-
tive law compel us to sanction it. Mr. Dickinson
" thought it a proper subject for the General Gov-
ernment to interfere with, as it affected our national
happiness." But southern members resisted this
proposition. They would give to the Federal
Government no powers to interfere with slavery,
for any purpose.
But I desire to come more directly to the clause
relating to fugitive slaves. When the committee
reported the draught of a Constitution, it contained
the clause for the arrest and return of fugitives
from justice, as it now stands. They were to be
! delivered up by the Executive of the State to
which they should flee; and this was to be done,
also, at the expense of such State. While this re-
port was under consideration, Messrs. Butler and
Pinckney, of South Carolina, moved to amend it so
as to " require fugitives, slaves, and servants tobe de-
livered up like criminals."
Mr. Wilson, of Pennsylvania, said: "This
j would oblige the Executive to do it at the public
expense."
1 Mr. Sherman, of Connecticut, " saw no more
| propriety in the public seizing and surrendering
a fugitive slave or servant than a horse." And on
these suggestions Mr. Butler withdrew his propo-
; sition. These facts were recorded by Mr. Mad-
; ison; and no stronger evidence could have been
[ left of the intention of the framers of the Consti-
j tution to save the freemen of the North from all
expense, and guilt, and disgrace, of arresting fu-
gitive slaves. The clause for the return of fugi-
tive slaves, as it now stands, was subsequently
adopted, with the concurrence of Mr. Wilson and
of Mr. Sherman. It provides, that the State to
which the slave flees shall not, by any law or
regulation, release him from labor. "Non-inter-
ference," between the master and slave, was their
intention, their ulterior design. The last member
of the sentence says of the slave, he "shall be de-
livered up on claim of the person to whom such service
or labor may be due." This language lias been
understood by some as rendering action necessary
on the part of the people of the State to which
the slave may have fled. This construction is
opposed to the whole spirit of the Constitution.
Every reader will see at once that such obligation
is not imposed upon the Governor, nor upon the
people of the State, nor upon any individual. ;
The Supreme Court has given a construction to j
this language which is in accordance with the in- |
tention and object of the framers of the Constitit j'
tion. We are to deliver up the fugitive slave as !
we deliver up our friends to the civil officer. We
are bound to permit the master to arrest and carry
back the slave, in the same manner that we permit
the civil officer to seize our friends, under process,
and take them to prison.
And such was the law of 1793. It followed the
Constitution. It saved the master from interrup-
tion while pursuing his slave. It provided fines
and penalties against any person who, disobeying
the constitutional compact, should secrete, or de-
fend, or rescue the slave. There the law of ] 793
stopped. It went no further. It gave the master
no process under the seal of your courts, by which
to arrest his slave. It commanded no officer of this
Government to aid the master in making such ar-
rest. No powers of this Government were prosti-
tuted to such degrading purposes. "Non-inter-
ference" between the master and slave was the rule
by which that whole law was framed. And it is
to the honor of the Supreme Court that, in their
construction of the Constitution and of the law,
they have carried out this view. They have
adopted the very idea of Mr. Wilson and Mr.
Sherman, They declare the right of the master i
to recapture his slave to be the same as his right
to take his property which strays into afree State.
They construe our duties, to deliver up the fugitive
slave, to be the same as to deliver up the stray
horse. If the horse or the slave come among us,
we permit the owner or master to take him. But
in neither case can the owner or master call on us
to catch the slave or the horse.
Neither the law of 1793, nor the Constitution,
contemplated the organization of northern freemen
into a constabulary force for catching negroes.
Nor did it give the master a guard and assistance
to carry back his slave at the expense of the nation.
Such provisions could never have been approved
by Washington, who signed the law of 1793, nor
by his associates who had aided in framing the
Constitution, and who also voted for that law.
They understood their constitutional duties.
All who read this message must see that the
only interference with slavery which the President
professes to deprecate, is that which tends to
loosen the chains of bondage; he appears to have
no objection to that interference which rivets
them closer. Could he have believed that the in-
telligent freemen of the North would fail to detect
the palpable contradiction between that portion
of the message which deprecates interference with
slavery, and that which urges the continuance of
this law, which was enacted for the very purpose
of interfering in support of that institution ?
Could any interference have been more direct
and palpable than that which makes it the duty of
the deputy marshal or commissioner, under a
heavy penalty, to exert his utmost powers to ar-
rest the fugitive ? Which gives him authority to
call the whole power of the State to assist him ?
Which "commands all good citizens to aid and assist
in the prompt" arrest and return of the trembling
slave? This interference the President approves.
It rivets tighter the chains of bondage, while we
are all aware that he disapproved our efforts to
exclude slavery from the free territory of New
Mexico. But this law goes further; it not only
attempts to strike down God's law, which com-
mands us to "feed the hungry," but it attempts
to convert every freeman of the North into a sav-
age. If a fugitive from oppression reaches my
door amid the ragings of the storm, half clad, and
benumbed with cold, fainting, and weary, sick and
in distress, and asks to warm himself by mv fire,
this law interferes, and forbids me, under heavy
pains and penalties, to comply with his request.
If I obey the law, I must drive him from my door
to perish with hunger and cold. If I receive him
to my habitation, warm him by my fire—if I feed
him, and give him drink, and restore him, so that
he pursues his journey and escapes, I am subjected,
under this law, to a fine of $1,000 and to six
months' imprisonment. This law the President
approves, and advises us to continue in force. This
practice he sustains, and asks us to uphold. I
reply, in his own language: " Every citizen who
truly loves the Constitution will resolutely and firmly
resist" the interference which this law enjoins.
Sir, our people will continue to feed the hungry,
to clothe the naked, to visit the sick, and to relieve
the oppressed; and no interference of this fugitive
law will prevent this compliance with the dictates
of our religion, with that law which came from
God himself, and which no enactment of slave-
holders and doughfaces can repeal or nullify. I
speak for no one but myself and constituents; oth-
ers will choose whether to obey God or the oppress-
ors of mankind; but as for us, we will obey that
higher law of kindness, benevolence, and humanity,
which was implanted in the breast of every human
being, and written upon the hearts and consciences
of mankind by the finger of our Creator.
Mr. Chairman, the doctrine of " Non-interfer-
ence with slavery," laid down by the President,
is at war with every provision of this fugitive law.
If we maintain that doctrine, this law must remain
a dead letter upon our statute book. He who
sustains this doctrine must disobey the law; for
the Constitution and this law are antagonisms—at
war with each other. If we adhere to one we
must discard the other. My constituents will
maintain the Constitution, while they will hold
this law in contempt. Sir, from the adoption of
the Constitution until 1841, never was this doc-
trine of "non-interference between master and
slave" denied by the Executive. At that time, the
