256
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 17,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Reduction of Postage—Mr. Rusk.
Senate.
the party has departed from its doctrines and prin-
ciples, and has descended, step by step, from its
former position, until the remnant has literally be-
come a slave-catching party.
The President informs us that these measures
" were adopted in a spirit of conciliation, and for
the purpose of conciliation." "I believe," says
he, " that a great majority of our fellow-citizens
sympathize in that spflft. and that purpose, and in
the main approve it." Sir, where does the Presi-
dent find this evidence of approval in the popular
mind? Does he draw his conclusions from the
result of the elections in Delaware, New Jersey,
or Ohio ?
That third State of the Union has separated itself
forever from all men and all parties who would
involve our people in the support of slavery, or
degrade them by sustaining your fugitive law:
Does the President find consolation in the voice of
the "PeninsularState," as lately expressed through
the ballot-box ? Or can he take pleasure in refer-
ring to the election in Wisconsin, or when he ex-
amines the result of those measures in his own
State? Or has the demonstrations in Massachu-
setts inspired him with confidence that the popular
mind is in favor of this law ?
Methinks that as he looks over the newly-made
graves of his political friends, and counts their
number, and reflects upon that political cholera
which has cut down so many of his supporters
and advocates of this law, he might have doubted
its popularity. Many gentlemen in this Hall,
who so boldly stood forth in the pride of their po-
litical manhood a few months since, and voted for
these measures, are now doomed to a speedy de-
parture, and the places that now know them, shall
know them (politically) no more. To those gen-
tlemen the language of the President can bring
but poor consolation.
The public meetings of the people of all parties
throughout the free States, the spirited resolutions
which they have sent forth, are but feeble mani-
festations of the popular mind. Throughout the
North, where free schools have been encour-
aged, and education has become'general, where
newspapers circulate and intelligence is dissemi-
nated, there public sentiment is loud in condemna-
tion of this law. This feeling is increasing and
extending, and rolling forward and gaining strength
and impetus, and will continue to do so until that
law shall be repealed and numbered among the
things that were.
Sir, if the President will look at the statute late-
ly enacted by the Whigs of Vermont, he will be
able clearly to read the " handwriting upon the
wall." The people have weighed this law in the
balance, and it is found wanting.
Near the close of his message, the President
says:
" i cannot doubt that the American people, bound to-
gether by kindred blood and common traditions, still cher-
ish a paramount regard tor the Union of their fathers; and
that they are ready to rebuke any attempt to violate its in-
tegrity, to disturb the compromises on which it is based, or
to resist the laws which have been enacted under its au-
thority."
As to the "Union of our fathers," I venerate it.
There is something pleasing and solemn in the
recollection of that Union—in the history of its
formation, and the difficulties and dangers which
surrounded it. But it is now nearly half a centu-
ry since that Union ceased to exist. The pros-
pect of commercial advantages induced us to aban-
don it, and form a new one with Louisiana. Then,
sir, we abandoned it, and took Florida to our em-
brace. Then, to extend and perpetuate slavery,
we abandoned that Union, and brought in slave-
holding Texas, assuming her war, and carrying
devastation, rapine, and bloodshed, to the heart
of Mexico, in order to extend slavery. And, to
cap the climax,you have passed this fugitive law,
and made the citizens of Ohio and of all the free
States the catchpolls to Texan slave-hunters.
It is not to be disguised that the people of the
free States feel less attachment to Texas than they
did to the old thirteen States. We are not bound
to them by common traditions. The Mexicans
and Spaniards and other foreigners of that State
shared not in the toils nor the dangers of our Rev-
olution, nor in those of our second war of Inde-
pendence. The arrogant and supercilious manner
in which Texas threatened to drive our army from
New Mexico, and to dissolve the Union, has not
served to strengthen the cords of affection which
should have bound us together.
But neither the President nor any other person
will charge the North with disloyalty to the Union.
But that portion of the sentence just quoted, which
refers to the "attempts to disturb its compro-
mises," was intended to refer to those political
friends with whom I act.
Sir, those compromises left us entirely free from
the support of slavery. By the passage of this fugi-
tive law, those compromises have been disturbed,
and the people of the North involved in the degra-
dation and guilt of sustaining slavery; and, sir, in
the language of the President, " they are ready to
rebuke" those who have thus disturbed the com-
promises—and they will rebuke them. Our peo-
ple, too, will resist by every constitutional means
the execution of that law.
This practice of attempting to sanctify every
enormity in legislation by referring to the "Union
of our fathers," has become very common among a
certain class of politicians; but I did not expect to
meet with it in the message of the President. It
does not comport with the dignity of such a paper.
It is almost as much out of place as it would %e to
appeal to the loyalty which our fathers anciently
bore to the British crown. The Union of our
fathers was adopted as the best means of preserv-
ing the liberties, and promoting the happiness of
the people. It was abandoned for the same pur-
pose. Even our union with Texas was framed
for that avowed object. A majority of Congress
thought and believed that it would increase the
wealth and the happiness of the people. For the same
purpose we waged a war with Mexico, and con-
quered another vast territory, and brought another
State into the Union. The Union now existing
will be retained so long as the great mass of the
people shall regard it as. conducive to their inter-
ests and happiness. Yet, whenever they shall be
convinced that it subserves the cause of oppression,
that it has become an instrument for degrading
themselves, another revolution will take place, and
they will lay it aside, as our fathers did their union
with England. They feel as the patriots of that
day felt, that "whenever any form of Government
shall fail to sustain the self-evident truth that all
men were created equal, and are entitled to the enjoy-
ment of life and liberty," it is the right of the peo-
ple to lay it aside, and to " adopt a new form of
Government, basing its action upon such princi-
ples as shall best promote their interests and hap-
piness."
But this cry of "danger to the Union" is be-
coming understood by the people. " To save the
Union," we annexedTexas; "to save the Union,"
we paid her ten millions of dollars; " to save the
Union," fifty thousand square miles of territory
which had been consecrated to freedom by Mexi-
co, and conquered by our arms, were delivered
over to Texas and to slavery; "to save the
Union," the people of the free States have been
compelled to become slave-catchers; and we are
now told that, "to save the Union,"thisinfamous
law must be kept in force; " to save the Union,"
we must drive the famishing, weary, fugitive from
our doors, or seize him and send him back to his
prison-house of bondage. Sir, it has come to
this: the cry of "danger to the Union" is now re-
sorted to for the purpose of justifying every out-
rage upon the people of the North, which the
slave power demands. Under this cry, meetings
are called in your commercial cities, and resolu-
tions adopted to " suppress agitation among the peo-
ple." And the Secretary of State, and distin-
guished Senators, write letters "to save the Union."
Dinners are eaten, and wine drunk, and speeches
made, "to save the Union." For the same pur-
pose, the Secretary of State votes against the can-
didate of his own party, and a distinguished Sen-
ator from a western State threatens to leave the
Whigs, with whom he has acted from early life.
Sir, this clause of the message has reference to
that new party which is already in process of for-
mation, and which is to be based upon the doc-
trines of this message—upon the policy of con-
tinuing in force this fugitive law—the laws that
sustain the slave trade upon our southern coast,
and in this District—and of opposing all efforts
to exclude slavery from our Territories and from
the District of Columbia. In short, sir, this new
party is to oppose all attempts to separate the
people of the free States and this Government
from the support of that institution.
I, sir, rejoice at the prospect of seeing every
public man, and every elector of the nation, take
his position either for freedom or for slavery.
The President has come out boldly and manfully
on the side of oppression, in favor of compelling
the people of the North to become the catchers of
southern slaves. He calls on his friends to take
position with him. They will do so. We shall
soon have but two political parties. One will con-
tend for the emancipation of the free States and
this Government from the control of the slave
power; to restore vitality to the Constitution; to
give that instrument effect; to maintain the rights
of all the States under it; to secure all men under
our exclusive jurisdiction in the enjoyment of life,
liberty, and happiness. With Mr. Morris, and
those who assisted in framing the Constitution,
that party "never trill concur in upholdiug domestic
slavery." With Mr. Gerry, " while they have
nothing to do with it in the States, they trill lend
no sanction to it." With Mr. Sherman, they " can
see no more propriety in seizing and surrendering a
fugitive slave than a horse."
With these framers of the Constitution the party
of freedom will stand. These principles they will
maintain and carry out; they will separate and
purify themselves from the sin and the shame of
slavery; they will redeem this Government from
its support; they will leave it within the States
where it exists. The judgment and conscience of
the people are with us; they know our doctrines
to be correct. The popular heart beats for free-
dom. Party prejudices are giving way. Truth
is doing its legitimate work. A great political rev-
olution is going forward. No partisan influence
can stay its progress. The history of the last few
months and years must bear to every reflecting
mind a consciousness that the principles of justice,
of righteousness, of humanity, must triumph. The
moral sentiment of the nation demands the repeal
of those acts of Congress which authorize and en-
join the commission of crimes. They will he re-
pealed, and the Government will be redeemed from
its present position; and its laws and influence
will be exerted for the benefit, for the elevation of
' reduction of postage.
DEBATE IN THE SENATE.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 17, 1851.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to the consideration of the bill to re-
, duce and modify the rates of Postage in the United
States, and to provide for the coinage of a three
cent piece.
| Mr. RUSK. I propose, with the assent of the
committee, that the amendments which they have
offered to the House bill be rejected, and then I will
offer a substitute for the whole bill.
The question was taken on the amendments all
i together, and they were rejected.
i Mr. RUSK then offered an amendment as a sub-
i( stitute for the bill, viz:
;' " Strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert—
, That from and after the thirtieth day of June, eighteen
I hundred and fifty-one, in lieu of the rates of postage now
' established by law, there shall be charged the following
rates, to wit: For every single letter in manuscript or paper
of any kind upon which information shall be asked for or
communicated in writing, or by marks or signs, conveyed
in the mails,forany distance within the United States, three
cents, when the postage upon such letter shall have been
prepaid, and five cents when the postage thereon shall not
have been prepaid; for every such single letter or paper
when conveyed wholly or in part by sea, and to, from, or
through a foreign country, for any distance over twenty five
hundred miles, fifteen cents, and for any distance undf-r
twenty-five hundred miles, ten cents; (excepting, however,
all cases where such postages have been or shall be adjusted
at different rates by postal treaty or convention already con-
cluded or hereafter to be made ;*) and for a double letter there
shall be charged double the rates above specified ; and tor a
treble letter, treble those rates ; and for a quadruple letter,
quadruple those rates; and every letter or parcel not ex-
ceeding half an ounce in weight shall be deemed a single
letter, and every additional weight of half an ounce, or ad-
ditional weight of less than half an ounce, shall be charged
with an additional tingle postage; and all drop letters, or
letters placed in any post ortice not for transmission but lor
; delivery only, shall be charged with postage at the rate
: of one cent each ; and all letters which shall hereafter be
