IS51.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
257
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Reduction of Postage—Messrs. Clay, Gurin, fyc. Price $ 1 50 for this Session.
advertised as remaining over or uncalled for in any post
office, shall hecharged with one cent in addition to the regu-
lar postage, both to be accounted for as ether postages now
are; and the Postmaster General shall be and he is hereby
-authorized, whenever the revenue of the Post Office Depart-
ment shall have exceeded the expenditures by more than
five per cent, for one fiscal year, to reduce the postage on
letters conveyed any distance within the United States to
3 wo cents the single rate when Stieh postage shall bo prepaid.
Sec. 2. And be U farther enacted, That all newspapers
not exceeding two ounces in weight, sent from the office of
publication to actual and bona fide subscribers, shaft be
•charged with postage as follows, to wit: The postage on the
regular numbers of a newspaper-published weekly, for any
distance not exceeding fifty miles, shall be five cents per
-quarter; for any distance exceeding fifty miles, and not ex-
ceeding three hundred miles, ten cents per quarter; for any
distance exceeding three hundred miles, and not exceeding
one thousand miles, fifteen cents per quarter; fbr any dis-
tance exceeding one thousand miles, and not exceeding two
thousand miles, twenty cents per quarter; for any distance
exceeding two thousand miles, and not exceeding four
thousand miles, twenty-five cents per quarter; for any dis-
tance exceeding four thousand miles thirty cents per quar-
ter; and papers published semi-weekly shall be charged
-double those rates; tri-weekly treble those ratei ; and oft-
-ener than tri-weekly five times those rates. And there
shall he charged upon every ether newspaper, and each
'circular not seated, handbill, engraving, pamphlet, periodi-
cal, magazine, book, and every otUer description of printed
matter, which shall be unconnected with any manuscript
-or written matter, and which it may t)e lawftil to transmit
through the mail, of no greater weight than one ounce, for
"any distance not exceeding three hundred miles, one cent;
and for each additional ounce or fraction of an ounce one
cent; for any distance exceeding three hundred miles, and
not exceeding one thousand miles, double those rates ; for
?iny distance exceeding one thousand miles, and not exceed-
ing two thousand miles, treble those rates; for any distance
exceeding two thousand miles, and not exceeding three
thousand miles, four times those rates; for any distance
exceeding three thousand miles, -and not exceeding four
thousand miles, five times those rates; for any distance ex-
ceeding four thousand miles six times those rates. Bound
'books not weighing over thirty-two ounces shall be deemed
mailable matter under the provisions of this section. And
the Postmaster General shall require regular subscribers to
periodicals, who receive the same by mail, and on which
the postage shall not have been prepaid, to pay the amoupt
■of one quarter's postage iu'advance, and the postage on all
printed matter, other than newspapers and periodicals, pub-
lished at intervals not exceeding three months, and sent
from the office of publication to actual and bona fide sub-
scribers, tb be prepaid; and in ascertaining the weight of
newspapers for the purpose of determining the amount of
<postage chargeable thereon, they shall be weighed when in
  dry state. And whenever any printed matter on which t
the postage is required by this section to be prepaid shall, ;
through the inattention of postmasters or otherwise, be sent
without prepayment, the same shall be charged with dou- ,
1)1 e the amount of postage which would have been charge- I
able thereon if the postage had been prepaid; but noth- [
4ng in this act contained shall subject to postage any matter .
which is exempted from the payment of postage by any |
existinglaw. And the Postmaster General, by and with
the advice and consent of the President of the United
States, shall be, and he is hereby, authorized to reduce or
enlarge, from time to time, the rates of postage upon all
letters and other mailable matter conveyed between the
United States and any foreign country, for the purpose of
making better postal arrangements with other Government?,
or counteracting any adverse measures affecting our postal
intercourse with foreign countries ; and postmasters at the
office of delivery are hereby authorized, and it shall be
their duty, to remove the wrappers and envelops from all
printed matter and pamphlets not charged with letter post-.
Age, for the purpose of ascertaining whether there is upon
or connected with any such printed matter, or in such pack-
age, any matter or thing which would authorize or require
-the charge of a higher rate of postage thereon. And all
-publishers of pamphlets, periodicals, magazines, and news-
papers which shall not exceed sixteen ounces in weight,
shall be allowed to interchange their publications recipro-
cally, free of postage: Provided, That such interchange
*hall be confined to a single copy of each publication: And
provided, also, That said publishers may enclose in their
publications the bills for subscriptions thereto, without any
additional charge for postage.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful
to coin at the Mint of the United States and its branches a
piece of the denomination and legal value of three cents, or
three-hundredths of a dollar, to be composed of three-fourths
silver and one-fourth copper, and to weigh twelve grains
and three-eighths of a grain; that the said coin shall bear
such devices as shall be conspicuously different from those
of the other silver coins, and of the gold dollar, but having
the inscription," United States of America," and its de-
nomination and date; and that it shall be a legal tender in
payment of debts for all sums of thirty cents and under.
Slc. 4. Jind be it further enacted, That it shall be the
<|uty of the Postmaster General to provide and furnish to
all deputy postmasters, and to all other persons applying
and paying therefor, suitable postage stamps, of the denom-
ination of three cents, and of such denominations as hemay
think expedient, to fhcilitatc the prepayment of postages
provided for in this act; and any person who shall forge or
counterfeit any postage stamp provided or furnished under
the provisions of this or any former act, whether the same
are impressed or printed on, or attached to, envelops or
not, or any die, plate, or engraving therefor, or shall make
or print, or knowingly use or sell, or have in his possession
with intent to use or sell, any such false, forged, or coun-
terfeited die, plate, engraving, or postage stamp, or who
«hall make or print, or authorize or procure to be made or
print'd, any postage stamps of the kind provided and fur-
nished by the Postmaster General as aforesaid, without the
New Sebies—No. 17.
especial authority and direction of the Post Office Depart-
ment, or wljp, after such postage stamps have been printed,
shall, with intent to defraud the revenues of the Post Office
Department, deliver any postage stamps to any person or
persons other than such as shall be authorized to receive the
j same by an instrument of writing, daly executed under the
' hand of the Postmaster General and the seal of the Post
| Office Department, shall, on conviction thereof, be deemed
i guilty of felony, and be punished by a fine not exceeding
Bve hundred dollars, or by imprisonment not exceeding five
! years, or by both such fine and imprisonment; and the ex-
penses of procuring and providing all such postage stamps
, and letter envelops as are provided for, or authorized, by
. this act shall be paid, after being adjusted by the Auditor of
} the Post Office Department, on the certificate of the Post-
master General, out of any money in the Treasury arising
from the revenues of the Post Office Department.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General shall be and he is hereby authorized to provide and
furnish to all postmasters, and other persons applying and
paying therefor,.suitable letter envelops of convenient
sizes, with one or more suitable postage stamps of such
denominations and value as he may deem expedient, printed
or impressed thereon, or attached thereto, which envelops
shall be sold at the cost of procuring and furnishing the
same, as near as may be, with the addition of the value or
denomination of the postage stamps so printed or impressed
thereon, or attached thereto as aforesaid; and letters when
enclosed in such envelops, or having postage stamps at-
tached to such letters, or to the envelops thereof, (the
postage stamp or stamps in every such case being affixed or
appearing on the outside, and of the value, denomination,
or amount required to prepay the postage on such letters
under the provisions of this act, and such stamps or en-
velops not having been used before,) shall pass in the
mails as prepaid letters; and all letters enclosed in such
envelops as shall be provided and furnished by the Post-
master General, as first in this section prescribed, and with
postage stamps thereon as aforesaid, (and such postage
, stamp* on such envelops being equal in value and amount
! to the rates of postage to which such letters would be liable
if sent by mail, and such postage stamps and envelops not
having been before used,) may be sent, conveyed, and de-
livered otherwise than by postor mail,notwithstandingany
prohibition thereof under any existing law: Provided, That
the said envelop shall be duly sealed, and the same duly
directed and addressed, and the date of such letter, or of the
receiptor transmission thereof, written or stamped) or other-
wise appear on such envelop.
Sec. 6. Jind be it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of every postmaster to cause to be defaced, in such
manner as the Postmaster General shall direct, all postage
stamps attached to letters deposited in his office for delivery
or to be sent by mail; and if any postmaster sending letters
in the mai I with postage stamps attached shall omit to deface
the same, it shall be the duty of the postmaster to whose
I office such letters shall be sent for delivery to deface the
stamps and report the delinquent postmaster to the Post-
master General. And if any person shall use or attempt to
use, in prepayment of postage, any postage stamp which
shall have been before used for like purpose, such person
shall be subject to a penalty of $50 fbr every such offence, to
be recovered in the name of the United States in any court
of competent jurisdiction.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That lists of letters
remaining uncalled for in any post office in any city, town,
or village where a newspaper shall be printed, shall here-
after be published once oniy in the newspaper which, being
Issued weekly or oftener, shall have the largest circulation
within the range of delivery of said office, to be decided by
the postmaster at such office, at such times and under such
regulations as the Postmaster General shall prescribe; and
ata charge of one cent for each letter advertised. And the
postmaster at such office is hereby directed to post in a
conspicuous place in his office a copy of such list, on the
day or day after the publication thereof; and if the publisher
of any such paper shall refuse to publish the list of letters
as provided in this section, the postmaster may designate
some other paper for such purpose. Such lists of letters
shall be published once in every six weeks, and as much
oftener, not exceeding once a week, as the Postmaster
General may specially direct: Provided, That the Post-
master General may, in bis discretion, direct the publica-
tion of German and other foreign letters in any newspaper
printed in the German or any other foreign language, which
publication shall be either in lieu of or in addition to the
publication of the list of such letters in the manner first
in this section provided, as the Postmaster General shall
direct.
Sec. 8. Jind be it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General be authorized to contract or make other arrange-
ments for the transportation of mails of the United States
through any foreign country, and also for the transportation
by such transient or other vessels as may be running be-
tween ports of the United States and foreign ports, or be-
tween foreign ports, in cases where there are no arrange-
ments therefor, and to provide for the collection of such
postages on such letters and other mailable matter as may
be sent under such arrangements and contracts, as maybe
due to the United States, either by prepayment or at such
foreign ports, and for that purpose to use and employ as
agents the several consulsof the United States, or such other
persons as he may think fit: Provided, That no arrange-
ment shall be made which will violate the laws prevailing
in such foreign ports or countries, or any treaty of the United
States. _
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That to any postmas
ter whose commissions may be reduced below the amount
allowed at his office for the year ending June, 90th, 1851,
the Postmaster General shall be authorized, in his discre-
tion, to allow such additional commissions as hemay deem
just and proper: Provided, That the whole amount of com-
missions allowed to such postmaster during any fiscal year
shall not excecd by more than twsnty per cent, the amount
o" commissions at such office forthe year ending June 30th,
1851.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That no post office
now in existence shall be discontinued* nor shall the mail
service on any mail route in any of the States or Territories
be discontinued or diminished) in consilience of any dimi-
nution of the revenues that may result from this act; and it
shall be the duty of the Postmaster General to establish new
post offices, and place the mafl service on any new mail
routes established, or that may hereafter be established, in
the same manner as though this act had not passed.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That there shall be
paid to the Post Office Department, in further payment and
compensation for the mail service performed for the two
Houses of Congress and the other departments and officers
of the Government, in the transportation of free matter, the
sum of five hundred thousand dollars per year, which shall
be paid quarterly, out of any moneys in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That there is hereby
appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, the sum of one million of dollars to sup-
ply any deficiency that may arise in the Post Office Depart-
ment.
Ssc. 13. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary
of the Treasury shall be and he is hereby authorized to ap-
point and employ in the office of the Auditor for the Post
Office Department such additional clerks as shall be found
necessary in such office in consequence of the passage of
this act, not exceeding eight in all, and at such salaries as
he may think proper, not exceeding $1,400 per annum for
one half of such clerks, and $1,200 per annum for the resi-
due thereof; which salaries, until the close of the next
fiscal year, shall be paid quarterly, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General shall be and he is heteby authorized to appoint and
employ such additional clerks in the Post Office Depart-
ment, not exceeding eight in all, as shall tfe found necessa-
ry in such Department in consequence of the passage of
this act, at such salaries, not exceeding $1,400 per year for
one half of such clerks, and $1,200 per year for the other
half, as may appear to said Postmaster General to be just
and expedient; which salaries, until the close of the next
fiscal year, shall be paid quarterly, out of any moneys in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. CLAY. I beg leave to make a suggestion,
with a view to facilitate business. Let us, by
general consent, adopt the substitute, with the
power of amending it afterwards, and let it be con-
sidered as if it were the original bill.
The PRESIDENT. If such is the pleasure of
the Senate, that course will be pursuea.
Mr. GWIN. I am entirely in favor of the
original bill and opposed to the amendment. I
hope the original bill will not be stricken out.
Mr. SEWARD. I think with the Senator
from California. Of the two bills I am decidedly
in favor of the House bill.
The PRESIDENT. Then the question will be
on the amendment.
Mr. RUSK. I will modify my amendment by
striking out the following provision from the first
section:
" And the Postmaster General shall be and he is hereby
authorized, whenever the revenue of the Post Office De-
partment shall have exceeded the expenditures by more
than five per cent, for one fiscal year, to reduce the postage
on letters conveyed any distance within the United States
to two cents the single rate, when such postage shall be
prepaid."
It has been objected that this clause gave too
much power to the Postmaster General, and pow-
er rather of a legislative character. And it has
also been suggested that he might reduce the mail
service in order to reduce the postage. I have no
fears on that score at all; but I modify my amend-
ment in this way to obviate all objections of that
sort.
Mr. SEWARD. I desire to submit an amend-
ment to the amendment in the second section. It
is one to which I presume there will be no objec-
tion. This section adopts two ounces in weight
as the weight of newspapers on which the lowest
amount of postage is to be paid. I have no
doubt it was supposed by the committee that
that would allow the transmission through the
mail of the daily commercial newspapers. I have
ascertained that the effect of the provision will be
to cut off two commercial papers, and as I presume
the desire of the committee was to be equal and
just, I move to strike out " two ounces" and in-
sert " three ounces."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to make the same
alteration in the second section of the bill as it
came from the House.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to amend the pro-
posed substitute, in the first section, by striking
out the words <4 three cents when the postage upon
such letter shall have been prepaid, and five cents
when the postage thereon shall not have been,"
and inserting the words "two cents to be in all
