258
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 17,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Reduction of Postage—Messrs. Seward and Rusk.
Senate.
cases" before the word " prepaid." That brings
before the Senate the idea 1 desired to submit, that
postage upon letters should in all cases be required
to be prepaid, and should be fixed for all distances
at two cents. The House of Representatives
have adopted the rate of three cents for all dis- !
tances in the United States, without discrimina-
ting between prepaid and unpaid letters. The
proposition of the committee of the Senate is to
adopt three cents as the rate of postage on prepaid
and five cents as the rate on unpaid letters. I
shall not detain the Senate with an argument upon
my proposition, because every phase of postage
reform, as it is called, lias been examined and con-
sidered. I wish barely to say that I suppose the
adoption of either principle on this subject will
make the Post Office Department a burden on
the Treasury for some time. But if the prin-
ciple on which this postage reform rests be sound,
as I believe it to be, and as it has proved itself
to be, then that burden on the Treassry would
shortly disappear, and the rates of postsge would
produce revenue; and I believe that ultimately
more revenue will be produced by adopting the
standard of two cents than by either of the other
standards which are presented to the consideration
of the Senate by the bills before them.
The manner m which the reduction of postage
operates, as we all know, is by increasing tiie
amount of correspondence, and of course increas- 1
ing the number of small charges, which, taken to-
gether, constitute the revenue. The adoption of
the lowest standard will tend most to increase the j
revenue, in my judgment. Of course, there is a
minimum beyond which much revenue cannot be
produced.
The advantage of adopting a prepaid system in |;
all cases, would be to reduce the expenses of the i|
Department, reduce them vastly, reauce them be-
yond calculation, for a large portion of the ex-
penses of the Post Office Department are now, as
we know, incurred by reason of the credit system, ,
rendering a large number of clerks necessary in I
the deputy post offices. It is the multiplication of j,
clerks, rendered necessary for the keeping of corn- j!
plicated accounts, that swells the expenditures of 'j
the Post Office Department. j |
I do not see any reason why those who are will- j
ing to pay for the use of the post office should be 1
afforded credit, unless it be necessary to accom- |
modate some class of the people of the United States,
or for the benefit of the Post Office Department.
I submit whether the reduction of postage to two
cents would not bring it entirely within the reach j
of every person who has occasion to use the post
office? For that reason I offer the amendment.
Mr. RUSK. I am not particularly opposed to
the adoption of that amendment, though it is per-
haps due to the Postmaster General, with whom '
I have consulted, and at whose instance a great
many of the provisions of the amendment I have
offered were put in, to state that he is of opinion
that it was absolutely necessary to adopt the sys-
tem of one rate for prepaid and another for un-
paid letters. In the first place, there has been no
system in operation requiring the prepayment of
letters. Persons have been at liberty to prepay
or not to prepay, as they chose. The conse-
quence would be that those 'persons who were
acquainted with the change of the law would
throw unpaid letters into the offices. That is one
objection—and one which has great force—to the
amendment proposed by the honorable Senator
from New York. Another is, that it will very
greatly reduce the amount of the revenue. One
thing which I have had in view in preparing my
amendment, has been to keep the receipts of the
Department as near as possible to its expendi-
tures. I feel satisfied, from the examination I
have given the subject, in connection with the
Postmaster General—for I deemed it proper to
consult with him, and a*so with postmasters of
experience—that, under the provisions of the sub-
stitute I have offered, the revenues of the Depart-
ment will meet the expenditures. I will read to
the Senate a communication which I received
from the Postmaster General on this subject:
Post Office Department, January 29,1851.
Sir : In accordance with your suggestion anil of my own
convictions of duty, I have attentively considered the "Act
to reduce and modify the rates of postage in the United
2?*?nd to Pr0V1(le f°r l*,e coinage of a three cent piece,"
winch lately passed the House of Representatives, and npw
propose, as requested by you in our interview of this morn-
ing, to state my views m regard to some of the provisions of
that act.
Before doing so, it is proper to state that it is not my pur-
pose to oppose the passage of tins or any other act which
may meet the deliberate approval of the Senate or House of
Representatives, and that in suggesting objections or amend-
ments I do so with due respect for the House of Represent-
atives, and in the belief that the members of that Hou>e, if
the subject is again presented to their consideration, will
generally approve my suggestions.
I desire also, in justice to myself, to state my views in
regard to the reduction of the revenue which will be caused
by the passage of the bill in its present foim, beyond the
reduction which would result from tbe reduced rates of
postage recommended in the last annual repoit from this
Department. If £ should omit to do this, the effects of the
reduction proposed by the House bill might create an im-
pression that the opinions expressed in that report, in refer-
ence to the effect of the reductions there recommended,
were erroneous and deceptive. In doing this no disrespect
is intended to those members of the House who advocated
still further reduction. The head of an executive depart-
ment which, ever since the organization oftiie Government,
has been conducted upon the principle that it should sus-
tain itself, ought not, perhaps, to urge a departure from
that principle, while members of Congress may well con-
sider whether the benefits accruing to their constituents and
the country bv an extreme reduction of the rates of postage
will not justify them in securing such benefits by a large
annual appropriation from the Treasury.
The House having deliberately fixed the rate of inland
letter postage at three cents the single rate, without regard
to prepayment, I propose to say in reference to this feature
of the bill that the experienced financial officer of this De-
partment, after a most careful examination, estimates an
increased reduction in the revenues of the Department for
the next fiscal year of $700,000 over and above the reduc-
tion which would have been caused by reducing our inland
letter postage to live cents the single rate when unpaid, and
three cents when prepaid.
The same officer estimates a reduction in the revenue for
the next fiscal year, bv the adoption of a uniform three cent
rate for California and Oregon, of .$290,000 beyond the re-
duction which would have been caused by the reduction of
letter postage to and from Oregon and California to one half
the present rates.
While [ would recommend a very large reduction of the
present letter postage to and from California and Oregon, I
feel it my duty to state that the great expense of our ocean
lines, and the extraordinary cost of transportation across
the Isthmus and in California, not only justify hut require
an increased rate of postage on these long routes Unless
this feature of the bill is changed we shall have as rates of
postage from New York and New Orleans to Cuba twelve
and a half cents; to Chagres twentv cent«; to Panama
thirty cents, and to California and Oregon (notwithstanding
the greatly increased distance) only three cents.
Further authority should be given to the Department to
make arrangements for the transportation of the mail to i
places in foreign countries by transient vessels orotherwise,
and for that purpose to employ our consuls as special agents.
Great commercial advantages might result from an ar- !
rangement for the transportation of the maiN from Chagres
and Panama along the Atlantic and Pacific eoa«ts of South
America, which might perhaps be accomplished hv transient
vessels or otherwise, at a moderate cost, through the agency
of our consuls.
The propriety of fixing more uniform rates of sea postage
was referred to in the annual report from this Department;
and to the suggestions there made \nti are respectfully re-
ferred. The different rates now established are vexatiously ''
numerous and complicated—some with and some without
inland postage added. No rates of postage are established
to many points to which it would be desirable to make ar-
rangements to send our mail«, while rates are established to
pointsot less importance sometimes in the «anie vicinity. 1
For instance, the act of March 3. 1845, establishes a rate I
of sea postage "between any ports of the United States I
and the ports of England or France, or any other foreign j"
port not less than three thousand miles distant," but omits j
to establish a general rate to foreign ports not three thou- 1
sand miles distant from the United States. The same ac t
establishes the rates of postage " between the ports of the
United States and any of the West India Islands or islands |
in the Gulf of Mexico," but establishes no rates of postage !
to Mexican ports or the main land adjoining that Gulf.
It is proper also to remark that the first section, as it now j
stands, probably abolishes the fianking privilege of all mem- 1
bers of Congress, officers of the Government, and others.
If all letters are to be charged with postage, the privilege
of franking letters must necessarily cease.
The provision in regard to the compensation of postmas- I
ters should be amended. The practical execution of the
provision in its present form would be difficult if not impos-
sible. It certainly is not intended to give postmasters their
full commissions, precisely as though all the letters here-
after sent through the mails were charged with postajc at
the old rates, for tile increase in tlienumberof letters would
soon be such as to increase to an treasonable amount the
commissions that would be allowed by such a construction.
To fix the compensation at the compensation of the la^t or
present year would not accord with the true construction of
the act, for there is a natural increase in the number of let-
ters of from ten to fifteen per cent, per year. Nor would it
be just to fix their compensation at the compensation at the
same offices tor the present year, for the business at all the
offices is subject to fluctuation, and some two thousand new
offices will probably be established during the present year.
Nor does this provision afford a remedy for the whole diffi-
culty. 1 here are numerous offices where the compensa-
tion or salary of the postmaster is fixed by law, and where '
the clerks have heretofore been paid (and generally not
Very liberally paid) out of the surplus left of the commis-
sions, alter puj'ing the other expenses and the postmaster's
salary. These offices are ail important to the service, and
I it is indispensably necessary that due provision should be
[ made for the ju«t compensation of the clerks employed in
; them. The better mode of meeting the whole difficulty
1 would seem to be to authorize the Postmaster General (per-
haps for the next fiscal year only, or until Congress shall
otherwise order) to increase the commissions now allowed
to postmasters, to enable him to make an additional allow-
ance for clerk hire, under such limitations and restrictions
as may be prescribed by Congress or the Postmaster Gen-
eral. These commissions should then be disbursed and
accounted for under existing laws.
The rates of postage on printed matter, and especially on
bound books, at least lor great distances, as fixed by the
House bill, are too low for the interests of the Department.
There is reason to fear that the large increase of printed
matter produced by this bill will ovei burden our mails and
more than quadruple the failures and irregularities now so
much complained of, and which are to a great extent caused
by the enormous weight of the printed matter (tree and
chargeable) now sent by mail. It there is an increase, as
great as may perhaps be anticipated, the present horseback
service on numerous mail routes will be required to be
raised to two-horse coach service, and two-horse to four-
horse coach service, thus requiring an enormous increase
of our expenditures for transportation.
If the Department is to assume the business of express
companies and othercommori carriers,itshould be allowed
to graduate its prices at least in respect to distance. It will
at once be perceived that with the uniform rate fixed by
this act the Department will only be allowed to carry over
long or expensive route#, when private expresses cannot
profitably do it at the post office rales. From Houlton in
the State of Maine, to Santa Fo in New Mexico, from St.
Paul m Minnesota, to San Francisco in California, the
Post Office Department must carry reprints of novels and
other book*, and other printed matter, at the rate of fifteen
cents per pound, while no private express would undertake
to carry the same in parcels of one hundred pounds at five
times that rate.
Prepaid magazines (and what will not be a magazine if
this bill passes ?) are to be carried at seven and a half cent*
or le-s per pound from Philadelphia to San Francisco,
while the private expresses charge sixty-five cents per
pound for packages of one hundred pounds from New
York to San Francisco. The Department pays from eigh-
teen to twenty cents a pound for the cost of the transporta-
tion of tins matter across the Isthmus alone, and, alter
allowing the fifty per cent, commissions to the postmasters,
| it gets but three and three fourths cents per pound for carry-
ing it the whole distance from Philadelphia, by the way of
New York, to San Francisco.
Our present semi-monthly mails which cross the Isthmus
from the Atlantic to the Pacific, will, it is believed, soon
exceed ten thousand pounds jn weight, or more than twen-
ty thousand pounds a month, and their weight under this
bill will depend to a great extent upon the quantity of books
and other printed matter, not weighing more than thirty
ounces each, which the booksellers and dealers of Sail
Francisco can sell at the reduced prices they can put on
them, when carried in the mail at one fourth the freight
now charged by private expresses.
The provisions of the second section would seem to em-
brace printed circulars, and reduce the postage of those not
weighing more than two ounces from the present rate of
three cents prepaid to one cent, without regard to prepay-
ment. If there is to be any such reduction, it would be bet-
ter to make it only when at least five hundred are put in an
office at the same time, and prepaid by stamps, which
should be authorized for such purpose.
If this section is to stand as it is, all "newspapers,
pamphlets, periodicals, magazines, books, and every other
descripuon of printed matter," are to be charged with
postage, thus cuttiug off all free exchanges, and other free
printed matter, except the free circulation of papers in the
immediate neighborhood of the office of publication.
The fourth section should be amended so as to make it
penal to "use or sell" forged stamps, or to have them in
possession with intent to sell them, either as true or false.
It should also be made penal for the engraver or any other
person to print these stamps, except under the order of the
Department, or to deliver any stamps when so printed, ex-
cept to the regularly appointed agent of the Department.
A pecuniary penalty should also be imposed for using, or
attempting to use, ^uch stamps for the prepayment of post-
age after they have been once used for that purpose.
In case the Senate concludes to retain the franking privi-
lege, there should be an enlarged permanent appropriation
for the transportation of free matter, which appropriation
should be considered as a part of the permanent revenue of
the Department. In my judgment, this additional appro-
priation ought to be at least $500,000 per annum, which,
with the $200,OoO now appropriated, would not more than
equal the postage which could be charged on such matter, if
it were not free.
The question of tbe largest circulation of newspapers ap-
plying for the advertisement of uncalled for letters ought to
be decided by the local postmasters, and not by the Post-
master General. The Postmaster General might prescribe
general regulations in regard to the matter, but, having done
so, be ought not to be further burdened with these ques-
tions, except in cases of appeal.
Printers should be paid lor publishing lists of letters not
called for according to the number of letters adverused,and
not according to the number called tor; but if the first is
deemed unwise, the number" delivered," and not the num-
ber "called for," should regulate the compensation. a
friend of the printer might44 call" for them all, and refuse
to take any.
The Postmaster General should have power to order a
more frequent publication at the larger offices. At New
Icork, Boston, &e., the accumulation of uncalled for letters
for six weeks would be so great as to interfere seriously
with the business of the office.
The provision intended to punish publishers for a refusal
to insert the advertisement does not appear to me either ne-
cessary or expedient.
