1851.]
, « v , > 1 - • - • i > 1 *1 • . . f . % if
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
— ■ . *    „ .  
261
31st Cong.....2d Sess.
Reduction of Postage—Mr. Dayton.
Senate.
the people of this country cheap postage, so far as
the expenses of transportation are concerned, as
the Government of Great Britain is able to afford
, a cheap postage to the inhabitants of the United
Kingdom.
But there is another circumstance which I wish
to notice. The payers of postage in this country,
in proportion to the population, exceed in a great
degree the payers of postage in Great Britain. If
the honorable Senator will take up the statistics of
at least two of the United Kingdoms, or portions
of the United Kingdom, he will find that there is an
amazing proportion of the population who never
transact any business that requires communication
through the mail, and who, for want of ability to
read or write, are unable to employ its facilities.
The greater aggregate capacity oftlie American peo-
ple for correspondence requires to be considered in
connection with this subject. It will be found that
the Government of the united States can afford to
the people of the United States facilities for the
transportation of the mail as cheaply as the Gov-
ernment of Great Britain to the United Kingdom.
The system, however, in order to produce that
result, must be one which reduces the expenses, so
as to bring it -within the reach of the great masses
of the people, and I think a postage of two cents,
while it will afford all the revenue required, will
bring it completely within the reach, as far as
possible, of every class of citizens.
But the honorable Senator from Connecticut
[Mr. Smith] demands of me to say where I will
find the resources to supply the deficiency which
must accrue. He shows tnat the Department has
estimated the deficiency which wilf arise, if the
House bill shall pass, at $1,250,000 for the first
year. He infers that a similar deficiency, or a
greater one, must occur if the amendment t pro-
pose should be adopted, and asks where shall we
find the funds to supply this deficiency? I answer
that we shall find them in the increase of postage
resulting from the increased correspondence of the
country consequent upon the reduction to so low
a rate. It is quite immaterial to this Government
whether the Post Office Department runs in debt
this year a million, or even two millions, and the
next year a lesser sum, if in the end it shall be
able to redeem itself, and pay for all deficiencies,
as was done in the case of a former reduction.
That, I think, will be the operation of it. I have
little faith in the estimates of Departments Made
up for occasions like this, because they are alwavs
made to accommodate a certain system. The
estimates are made for the system, and not the
system for the estimates.
But there is another source from which the de-
ficiency will be supplied in a large degree, and that
is a retrenchment of the expenses of the Post
Office Department. This retrenchment will con-
sist, in the first place, of a reduction of the cost
of transporting the mails of the United States.
At this day the mails carry some seventy millions
of letters per annum. Of these seventy millions
of letters, twenty-two per cent, are dead letters,
which pay no-postage to the Government. They
constitute twenty-two-hundredths of the expense
of transportation, and the Government loses all
that sum. Then the Government of the United
States is transporting a vast bulk of paper not at
all necessary for the purposes of correspondence.
Of six hundred letters opened at the dead letter
office, four hundred and fifty-eight were less than
one quarter of an ounce under the present system,
and only one hundred and forty-two were over
one fourth of an ounce; while the present system
allows you to include the greater weight of half an
ounce, and to make up the weight by inclosing in
the same envelop letters from the same or differ-
ent writers to the same or different correspondents.
Then, again, of six hundred letters transported
through the mails, only forty-eight are written on
the whole four sides of a sheet of paper; two hun-
dred-and ninety-nine are written on whole sheets
with only one page of paper, and rarely the sec-
ond, ana one hundred ana fifty-eight cover only
half a sheet; forty-eight are written only on three
sides, and forty-seven are printed circulars. Now/,
it will be seen that the Post Office Department is
carrying, in sealing-wax and in envelops, and in
unwritten sheets of paper, a larger amount in
.weight than the whole correspondence of the coun-
try. Under the system which I have proposed
that expense will be retrenched.
Then look at the reduction which will be made
in the expense.of managing the Post Office De-
partment. Look at the expense which is now in-
curred. Two letters are now delivered, say in
the post office, to be transmitted. The first duty
of_ the postmaster is to see that upon one is
stamped five cents and upon the other ten cents,
and when a great many letters axe received during
the day, of course this is an .immense labor.
Then when this mark has been placed upon the
letters, there is still another fact to be expressed
on the letter, that is to distinguish whether the
letter is paid or unpaid. When all that is done
the letter is ready for transmission. But then
commences a system of accounts. Each letter is
to be registered, and the postage on each letter to
be recoroed, and the discrimination of postage is
to be registered in different columns, separating
the paid from the unpaid, and those which pay-
five cents from those which pays ten. When this
has been entered in the postmaster's books hehas
to make an account describing how many bundles
he sends, with accurate details of the contents of
each, and he sends as many bills as there are let-
ters directed for different destinations. These
bills enter into all the details of the letters, and
are dispatched, not to the place of destination, but
to distributing post offices. When they arrive at
the distributing offices the envelops are removed,
the bills are entered, new bills are made, and. the
letters are again separated into other parcels; and
the same system of complicated accounts is re-
peated before the letters are sent to their destina-.
tion. When they arrive there, the bills are all
to be opened, their content^ recorded, and thes*
accounts are to" be sent from the receiving post
offices, and the distributing post offices, and the
delivering post offices, to the Department at
Washington, and there a complicated system of
entries is to be carried out in books, the number
of which no man can tell—by human hands, the
number of which is legion,
Sir, we stall reduce all these expenses, and
render this a simple operation. All there is to be
done, if the amendment which I propose be
agreed to, and the other details which will be ne-
cessary be adopted, when letters are received,
there will be one simple stamp put upon them in-
dicating their payment. The stamp may not say
paid, it tnay be any label or sign which shall be
authorized and sanctioned by the General Post
Office. That stamp impressed on a letter con-
veys all the information that is necessary, either
for the post office to which it is- to be sent, or for
the postmaster in making up his accounts. He has
nothing to do on earth, but to add up the number
of such stamps, and so the whole proceeding is
reduced to a simple arithmetical calculation.
I have a word more to say on the subject of
cheap postage, which is, that we shall find our-
selves obliged to reduce the postage again, if we
adopt either system now submitted to us by the
committee's of Congress. The people are entitled to
cheap postage. They will have it, because it is
their right. And it will turn out ultimately that
cheap postage will be the most profitable postage
to the Government. Every man can see that if
instead of making the postage, as it now stands,
at five and ten cents at the time of the last reform,
we had adopted the postage which is now proposed
by either of these committees, the Post Office De-
partment would have been richer, and the country
would have been satisfied, and that, there would
have been no necessity now for the reformation
which is proposed by the bill before us.
As to the argument that we may reduce the
postage too low, I have nothing further to say in
addition to what I have said, except that the argu-
ment which has been adduced against reducing
postage to two cents, was adduced against reducing
it to five and ten cents, but has been overruled by
experience. Th« Government of the United States
is intrusted with the carriage of letters for the ac-
commodation of the_ community. Throughout
nine tenths of the United States letters can be car-
ried by individuals cheaper than the rates which
are now proposed, if we would leave the business
to private capital andprivate enterprise. I think it
is the duty of the Government to maintain this
system, which is constitutionally enjoined upon
us. But it is both right and necessary that the
Government should not exercise a monopoly at a
higher rate than that at which the same service can
be performed by individuals.
There is another view of the matter to which I
will advert, and that is, that the Post Office De-
partment is daily coming into competition with an-
other public carrier, which carries information and
correspondence with ten thousand times greater
dispatch and rapidity than the Post Office Depart-
ment, even with the aid of steam. That .is the
electric telegraph. The telegraph is already be-
coming a profitable system of commercial busi-
ness. As a system of conducting correspondence
its prices are becoming daily less and less, and the
day is not distant when the telegraph will eh-
croach upon the business of the mails, if we keep
the postage at a higher rate tfiah that which will
be compensated for by the reduction of cost and
time.
Having looked at this subject in these various
phases, I have come to the conclusion that a uni-
form rate of postage of two cents throughout the
whole of the United States upon all letters would
be the most judicious, economical, and efficient
system. I should also propose that this rate
should be for letters weighing not more'than one
quarter of an ounce, instead, of adopting the half
ounce standard proposed by the committee. _ I
think such a system would be found more satis-
factory to the country, and more useful in all the
departments of life. Therefore it is that I have
submitted the amendment. To save time, I would
say that if any gentleman wishes it, I am willing
to put the postage on single letters at two and a
half cents prepaid", and I am willing to provide a
coin of that value, which would be a fractional
pari of the Federal Currency, and would enable us
to supply the wan^s ,of tpe community in that
respect, while it would make our postage charges
correspond to the Federal currency which we have
in use.
Mr. DAYTON. I- desire merely to correct a
misapprehension upon the part of the Senator
from New York as to the language used by me
yesterday. I did not say the amendment of the
Senator would reduce the postage in this country
to the same amount that is paid in Great Britain.
I Said that the bill of the House, as it was, gave
to us a postage in this country as cheap as the
postage in Great Britain; that the postage in Great
Britain being two cents, and the bill as coming
from the House requiring three cents, the differ-
ence between the two was not more than com-
mensurate, and indeed not commensurate, with
the difference in the distance which the corre-
spondence in the two countries had to travel; that
the amendment of the Senator from New York,
in point of fact, reduces postage here far below
the postage which is paid in Great Britain. But
that is not, I think, the radical objection to his
amendment, because I am willing to agree to this
doctrine of cheap postage. The radical objection
to the amendment is, that it will permit no letter
to be carried at all unless the person who mails it
pays the postage. Now, I think every man should
have the option, when he is writing upon the
business of another, either to pay himself, or to
leave the person to whom he writes to pay, it. If
you compel individuals to pay postage on letters
in relation to matters wit}l which they have no
connection, the inevitable consequence is, that you
limit very much the amount of the correspondence
of the country. That is inevitable.
There is another difficulty in connection with
this subject somewhat practical in its character.
I am really anxious that a bill of this kind should
pass, and am willing to give to the country the
cheap postage which it demands. I appeal to the
judgmentof the Senator from New York, I appeal
to all who hear me, when we see the effort through
which this bill passed the House of Representa-
tives, if we make an important amendment of this
kind, adopting the new organization of the system
which the Senator proposes, whether that bill can
go back to the House and be passed by them this
session? Is it not better, as a practical measure,
that we should take the bill of the House, or that
we should take the amendment of the Senate com-
I mittee, in preference to an attempt at this stage of
