262
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 18,
31st Cong 2d Sess. • Reduction of Postage—Messrs. Hale, Chase, Seward, Hamlin, fyc.
Senate.
the session to organize a new system, and reduce
the rate of postage one third below that which the
House has fixed ? I submit, as a practical meas-
ure, whether it is not better to abide by the bill of
the House, or to take the amendment of the Sen-
ate committee, because it is possible that in that
way we may get a bill giving cheap postage to
the country, and the mode proposed by the Sena-
tor from New York I look upon as impracticable
at this day.
Mr. HALE. I simply rise to state one fact
which has been overlooked, I think, by the Sen-
ator from New Jersey, and by the Senator from
New York; and I wish to call the attention of the
chairman of the Committee on the Post Office to
it. Reference is constantly made to the difference
between the transportation in this country and
Great Britain as a reason why very low postage
might be applicable to Great Britain and not appli-
cable to this country. It is argued that because
transportation is so much less in Great Britain,
that all their expenses are correspondingly less.
I think if gentlemen will look at the statistics of
the English Post Office Department and the Ameri-
can Post Office Department, they will find this
fact, that the expense of transportation in Great
Britain, compared with the whole expenses of the
Department, and compared with the receipts of the
Department, is as great as the expenses of trans-
portation in the United States in the same ratio j
within ten per cent. So that the idea that three |
cents is as cheap for us as two cents is for England '
is a very great fallacy. I
Mr. CHASE. If the Senator will allow me, I
will give the exact statement. The cost of British
transportation over American transportation in the
year 1848 was $218,993, or ten per cent. more.
The British transportation was greater than the
American by ten per cent, in 1848.
Mr. HALE. I was speaking of it relatively.
The examination I had made led me to a rather
different result when compared with the whole re-
ceipts and the whole expenses. I have simply
risen to mention this fact because it seems to have
been overlooked. Gentlemen suppose that be-
cause the mails in Great Britain are transported
but a few hundred miles, and here as many thou-
sands, the expenses are correspondingly greater.
But it is no such thing. The statement of the
Senator from Ohio shows that their transportation
costs more than that of the United States. Con- j
eidering this fact, I think the Senator from New :
Jersey is entirely mistaken in the assumption that !
three cents is as low for us as two cents is for j
Great Britain.
Mr. SEWARD. While up before, I inadvert- ;
ently omitted to remark on the objection of the
Senator from New Jersey. He seems to think
that we ought to have a credit system at the post
office; that there must be a distinction between
prepayment and non-payment, because there are
a class of letters for which it is necessary to make
such a distinction. Now, I am unable to under-
stand, and of course unable to appreciate the force
of that objection. Every man who sends a letter
through the post office writes because he wants to
write; because he has something to say; he writes
upon his own business, or he writes upon the
business of somebody else. If he writes on his
own business, he ought to pay the postage. If
he does not desire to serve his neighbor or his
friend so much as to incur the expense of two
cents, he does not want to write to him very
much, and he will not write to him, and probably
it would be as well that he should not write to
him. But I am told there would be this incon-
venience: a person who should send a letter to
another on his own business, and call for a reply,
would subject his correspondent to the necessity
of paying the postage. This objection will be
obviated by the use of post office stamps, when
they shall have been brought into general use in
this country as they are in England. A person
writing a letter in such a case would have nothing to
do but to take two stamps, and put one inside the
letter, and another on the outside. The answer
which would be returned to him would have im-
pressed upon it the stamp which he enclosed. I
am satisfied that we shall come to this system
sooner or later, and whenever we do come to it,
we shall find it to be the most perfect system.
One word in reply to the honorable Senator's |
remark, that as it is late in the session, we hazard i
the passage of this bill by the adoption of this j
amendment. I think not. We hazard the passage
of this bill by the adoption of the amendment of '
the Senate committee, because the House of Rep-
resentatives have prepared a different bill. The
probability is, therefore, if the argument be enti-
tled to consideration, that a system different from
either would be more likely to engage the favor of
both. But if that answer is not satisfactory, I can
' inform the Senator frankly that rather than have
no reduction of postage, I am prepared to take
either system. 1 think that would be the general
disposition of the friends of the measure in this
House as well as in the otherHouse of Congress.
Mr. HAMLIN. This is an important question,
and I should like to have the yeas and nays on the
amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. RUSK. The House of "Representatives j]
passed the bill fixing a uniform rate of three cents.
The Postmaster General made an estimate of the
difference between the three-cent rate, established
by the bill passed by the House, and the two rates
of three and five cents, as proposed by the amend-
ment which I have offered, and he estimated it as
j upwards of $700,000. I thought yesterday that I '
! would vote for the amendment, but on reflection I
j see that it would be destructive of the bill. The
i two-cent rate proposed would be a reduction of the 1
; House rate of thirty-three and a third per cent.,
which'would make a deficiency in the Post Office
revenue of over a million of dollars, and throw the
Post Office on the Treasury to that amount, and
endanger the whole scheme of postage reform. I }j
am in favor of bringing the country gradually to |
the prepaying of letters. At present the country 1'
is not supplied with stamps. My amendment pro
ful that the effect of this reduction of postage will
be to destroy a great deal of the postal conveni-
ence of all the sparsely settled portions of the Uni-
ted States. I am opposed to it for another reason.
This is the only part of our system of taxation
which is direct, and therefore the only part of it
which I think is exactly just. I am in favor'of di-
rect taxation. I think it conduces to economy;
and that it is even-handed justice which requires
every one to pay for the benefit he receives. All
taxation except it approximates to this is wrong.
Our present system is to support the Post Office
Department by the revenue derived by charging
postage upon those who receive matter either writ-
ten or printed through the mails; therefore I think
it is exactly just. The effect of the amendment
before us, I am sure, will be to bringa charge upon
the Treasury. And when this Department has
become a charge upon the Treasury, that economy
which has heretofore marked it will be lost, and
that interest which the people have in preserving
its economical administration will pass away,and
the whole system will become not only a burden
but a very great burden on the Treasury.
Mr. CHASE. I am in favor of the amendment
proposed by the Senator from New York. It is
objected that the adoption of the two-cent rate, in-
stead of the mixed rate proposed by the commit-
tee, will jeopard the bill in the House of Repre-
sentatives. If there be force in this objection, it
is very easily obviated; for, if we adopt the amend-
ment of two cents to the bill of the House, all
that can possibly result will be a disagreeing vote
between the two Houses, of which for my part I
have no fear. The Senate, in order to save the
bill, then could, and probably would, recede from
their amendment.
It is objected also that there is danger in this
experiment; that the Department will fail to sus-
vides that the Postmaster General shall supply tain itself for a limited time. That objection ap
Post Office stamps. This will bring people into ' , -"1--TT ' - ' ■
the habit of prepaying letters, and it will be very
easy hereafter to establish a uniform rate, and to
require prepayment. Owing to the want of change
and the want of stamps the people have not the
means of prepaying at present, so that under the
circumstances we shall have both difficulties to
meet if we adopt a two-cent rate in all cases to be
prepaid.
To show that I am not inconsistent, I will men-
tion that I reported a bill providing for prepay-
ment in all cases, and the two-cent rate of postage.
If you could put off the operation of such a bill for
plies to the bill of the House and of the commit-
tee, for in each bill a considerable deficiency is to
be met. If the objection be a good one, it applies
to the bill of the House and the bill of the com-
mittee, and we ought to pass neither. But I think
the objection is not a good one. It may be recol-
lected, and should be recollected, that every one
of the predictions which are now made in regard
to this experiment were made in regard to the ex-
periment of the reduction of postage from the old
rates. It was thought then that we were going
too far, and too fast, but the result has triumph-
antly vindicated that experiment. All the conse-
some time, until the Post Office Department could ij quences which were anticipated for it by its friends
supply the country with the necessary means of i| have been realized, and not one of the evil conse-
prepaying, it might do. That bill proposed to do !l quences which were predicted by its antagonists
another thing. It proposed to abolish the franking 11 has been realized. It is true, also, that these very
privilege, which would have enabled the Depart- [] predictions of failure were made in regard to the
ment to carry on its business without any serious j experiment in Great Britain; and what was the
11 result of that experiment? Why, the letters have
Mr. BALDWIN. Before the question is taken j, increased in that country in a very large ratio. I
I wish to state the ground of my vote. I am in L have a paper before me which shows the result of
that experiment in a financial point of view.
It was predicted that the Department could not
sustain itself. .Now, what has been the actual re-
sult in Great Britain? The gross revenue in 1849
! was $10,718,679. The expenses for the same pe-
favor of a two-cent postage. I believe it would be
ultimately sufficient to enable the Department to
sustain itself so far at all events as it ought to be
sustained by the correspondence of the country.
I am unwilling to hazard the passage of the bill , v„,.    HC.
which has been passed by the House of Repre- I riod were $7,016,250, leaving a surplus of $3,702,-
""" *1""~ J ' T 429, or nearly four millions of dollars of surplus
upon the penny rate. Add to this the amount
which was paid out of the British postage revenue
of 1849, for previous deficiencies for mail service
in former years, which was $980,430, and it makes
an aggregate of receipts over expenditures in Great
Britain of $4,682,859 for the year 1849. This
progressive operation every year shows a greater
sentatives by adopting this amendment. I shall
therefore vote against it.
Mr. EWING. I am fearful that we cannot
safely reduce the rates of postage at this time to
two cents. I think we shall be able to do so soon,
perhaps next year, perhaps later. I would much
prefer the adoption of the uniform rate of three
cents as proposed by the House. If we adopt
ina( wn ♦ a hmH    I.   i i   *
1 . ' j ' . '   ~ 1" r-i    I j ouuwo a gicatci
that rate, and resort to the means which have been ! result m favor of cheap postage, and thus all the
proposed here for affording facilities for paying it, j anticipations of evil from the reduction of the rates
the Department will, if not immediately, in a short ' in Great Britain have been disappointed
time, be able to sustain itself. If we pass that bill, ; Mr. BORLAND. If the Senator would allow
it will be very easy at the next session, or some ( me, I would ask him a question. He has stated the
tuture session of Congress, to reduce the postage j great increase in the amount which has been re-
to two cents, if it be found practicable to do so. ; ceived from postage in Great Britain. What has
1 his is an experiment, and I think we had better '* - - . -
try it at three cents, which will probably be safe,
than bring it down so low now that it might be a
failure, and probably prevent for a considerable
time the realization of the wishes of the Post Office
Department and the people to have a final reduc-
tion as low as possible.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I feel very fear-
been the ground of the increase of the mail service,
or the extension of the mail service during that
time? I think it is necessary to know this, in
order to understand fully the consequences of the
reduction of postage in Great Britain.
Mr. CHASE. I am not prepared to answer
the question of the Senator, because I have not the
documents before me which would enable me to
