266
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 19,
31st Cong 2d Sess. Reduction of Postage—Messrs. Chase, Underwood, Rusk, Seward, SfC.
Senate.
matter to the reader, and cost no more postage.
Every one can see the operation of it in that re-
spect, and my amendment is simply to put these
little papers upon the same fqpting, in point of
justice, with large papers, requiring them only to
pay half the postage when they are only half the
weight It does not make any alteration in one
solitary provision of my friend's bill, except to
provide, that in case of a weekly publication of
but half the weight, only half the price shall be
charged.
But he has adverted to the fact that the House
wanted to exempt these local newspapers from all
taxation whatever. Then if we diminish the post-
age upon these village newspapers, it will come
up, to some extent, to the wishes of the House,
and therefore make the bill more palatable to
them. Instead of being an objection, it will har-
monize more with their views.
I dislike to consume time speaking upon a mat-
ter of this sort, which I am sure every Senator
must comprehend, because the proviso is so per-
fectly plain and so analogous to the proviso of the
gentleman from Maine, and so harmonious with
that, and as it is only making another discrimina-
tion so consistent with justice, I will leave it to be
disposed of by the Senate.
Mr. CHA.SE. I think that, if I could have the
attention of the Senator from Kentucky for a mo-
ment, we can make an arrangement on this subject
which will answer all purposes. By inserting
three ounces instead of two, I think the whole dif-
ficulty has been created, and if we follow that rate
through the bill we shall incumber the mail by
very large weights, and violate the great principle
which ought to lie at the foundation of the bill, that
weight should determine the price. Now, if we
reconsider the motion of the Senator from New
York, and substitute two ounces, one of the ob-
ject! at which the Senator from Kentucky aims
will be accomplished. Then, if in the seventh line
of the second section of the bill we strike out
" quarter" and insert "half" year, so as to read:
" The postage on the regular numbers of a news-
paper published weekly, for any distance not ex-
ceeding fifty miles, shall be five cents per half
year," we shall obtain the main object at which
the Senator from Kentucky aims. I think this
amendment can be adopted, and, if he will ac-
quiesce in this, I will move it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I will be satisfied if I j
can get it. I will temporarily withdraw my amend- I
ment to see whether we can get it. !
Mr. CHASE. I then move to strike out " quar-
ter" in the seventh line of the second section, and
insert " half year." J
Mr. RUSK. I hope that amendment will not
be adopted. The bill says: " The postage on the
regular numbers of a newspaper published week-
ly, for any distance not exceeding fifty miles,
shall be five cents per quarter." That is, as I have !
before stated, a reduction of thirty-two cents a
year for any paper circulated within fifty miles.
The amendment proposed is, that it shall be half-
yearly. That reduces it just one half. But it
does not stop there. It goes through the connect-
ives, and those papers published semi-weekly shall
be charged double those rates; tri-weekly treble,
and so on. So that you just reach the large pa-
pers by that amendment, and take off the postage
on those within fifty miles. It is now a reduction
much larger in favor of those that circulate within
fifty miles than in favor of those that circulate five
hundred or one thousand miles. I hope the
amendment will not be adopted.
Mr. CHASE. If this amendment be adopted
it will affect those newspapers only which circu-
late within an area of fifty miles. It will reduce
the postage on those papers to ten cents a year.
The object, as I have understood Senators, in pro-
posing any postage within that distance, is not to
cover the entire expense of transportation, but to
extend a certain degree of favor to the local press,
the editors and proprietors of which have great
difficulty in maintaining their papers; to relieve
them in some degree from competition with city
papers. That, it seems to me, is a meritorious
and worthy objfct, and if we can obtain that ob-
ject by this provision, and leave all the other rates
unaffected, it seems to me it ought to be done. It
is true that papers published semi-weekly will be
charged double those rates if they circulate within
the same distance. But if they circulate beyond
that distance the rates are to be per quarter. The
whole reduction applies to that class which circu-
lates within fifty miles. If we can have a vote we
shall ascertain whether Senators are disposed to
show favor to that class of papers or not.
Mr. SEWARD. Will it be in order to move
to strike out the whole of this second section, and
substitute the section of the original bill as it came
from the House?
The PRESIDENT. It will be in order. But
the question first will be on striking out "quarter"
and inserting " half year."
Mr. SEWARD. I think all these propositions
go to show the defect, the radical defect, in prin-
ciple, of the provision adopted by the committee
of the Senate; to show how much inferior it is to
the simple system of newspaper postage proposed
by the House of Representatives. It is very de-
sirable that the action of the Government should
not operate injuriously to the country press. But
while we are endeavoring to secure that object,
there is a very important one that ought also to be
regarded with great care. The House of Repre-
sentatives have proposed this simple sys.em, viz:
that there shall be a charge on every newspaper
weighing more than three ounces, one cent, and
for each additional ounce or fraction of an ounce,
one cent, no matter what distance, anywhere
within the United States. Then the country press
is favored and protested by a provision that no
postage shall be charged on any newspaper mailed
and delivered in the county where printed, and
within thirty miles of the place where printed.
This is simple, and it will be satisfactory; much
more satisfactory to the country press than any
of the propositions which have been made here.
Now, in lieu of this system, which is cheap and
simple, and it seems to me admirable in its design,
the committee of the Senate have proposed to di-
vide the distances, and to make a tariff upon news-
papers proportional to the distance they are car-
ried. In other words, it is to restore in the trans-
portation of newspapers the very defect which we
all agree should be struck out m the transportation
of letters. Can any one tell me what is the rea-
son why, if there is a uniform charge for carrying
letters all distances throughout the United States,
there should be several charges for carrying news-
papers different distances within the United States?
The policy which dictates that course is incom-
prehensible to me. On the other hand, if there be
any policy at all in it, it is in favor of discrimi-
nating between letters, and abolishing or abandon-
ing any discrimination between newspaper in re-
gard to distance. Letters are business transactions
in which the public have but very little interest.
They are commercial transactions, and those who
send and receive them do so for gain. The pub-
lic, as I have said, have very little interest in the
transmission of them. But a newspaper is a ve-
hicle of intelligence, and a vehicle of political in-
terest which ought to travel as freely as possible.
And therefore it is that, from the beginning of the
Government to the present day, newspapers have
never been obliged to pay the Government the
expense of their transportation, but the expense
they have paid is very small, just compensating
the postmasters for the trouble of delivering them,
leaving upon the Government itself or upon the
letters carried by the mail, the great proportion of
the burden of the expense of transportation.
Again, if the ingenuity of a statesman could be
taxed to denationalize this Union, he could not
provide a system tending to it more directly than
to break up the distance within which newspapers
shall be carried at the same rate; to say that it
shall cost the citizens of California #1 25 a year to
receive a daily paper from the seat of Government,
while it shall cost a citizen of Baltimore only ten
or twenty cents a year; and so again to say the
reverse, that the Government of the United States
shall be denied the information which would be
given by newspapers from distant States, because
these newspapers could not bear the cost of trans-
portation. This bill very ingeniously adopts a
tariff which will limit the circulation of the papers
in the eastern States to the Atlantic coast, and the
circulation of the papers published on the Pacific
coast to the borders of the Pacific ocean, and
which will confine the papers of Alabama and
i South Carolina to their borders, or nearly so, and
the papers of New Hampshire and Maine to their
borders. What is the object ? These newspapers
are the political lungs of the Republic. They
ought to have free play. They ought to play
vigorously, and therefore they ought to be kept in
health. But, sir, the effect of this whole system,
in my opinion, will be to make such discrimina-
tions between them that we shall be divided and
classified into States and communities destitute of
the means of maintaining communication and sym-
pathy with each other. I therefore hope none
of these amendments may prevail, and that we
may see the expediency of leaving this subject in
the shime and form recommended to us by the bill
of the House of Representatives.
Mr. RUSK. I look upon this as pretty decisive
of the fate of the substitute for the bill. I will
therefore ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CHASE. I wish to say a few words in
reference to this amendment, which seems to be
misapprehended, otherwise there could be no op-
position to it. If it be adopted, it merely gives
certain facilities to the local press. It reduces the
postage within the radius of fifty miles to ten cents
a year. That is the whole operation of it. The
question now is, whether this Senate will agree
that the papers which are obliged to depend upon
a local circulation, which have no advantages of
advertisements, which are limited almost entirely
within the counties where they are published,
shall have this little discrimination in their favor?
The honorable Senator from New York says the
object is to exclude from circulation the city press.
It is not so, in my judgment. Every rate which
has been provided in the bill in regard to the city
press is left as it was, and instead of discouraging
their circulation it gives to it facilities quite as large
as I think it should possess. But while it gives
these facilities to that description of newspapers,
it gives to papers which have none of those de-
pendencies upon which the city press rely, (adver-
tisements, &c.) this little discrimination in their
favor. It seems to me it cannot hurt the bill. On
the contrary, my friend from Texas has made a
great mistake in so saying, because if adopted it
will strengthen the bill. The Senator from New
York is opposed to it because he prefers the House
bill. I have no great objection to the adoption of
the House bill, if this amendment shall not pre-
vail. But I wish that this bill shall be made as
perfect as it can before we proceed to the consider-
ation of the question whether the House bill shall
be substituted for it or not.
Mr. SMITH. The bill already makes a very
great distinction in favor of the country press. As
the law now stands, all newspapers transmitted
within a distance of fifty miles have to pay thirteen
cents a quarter. The amendment of my friend
from Texas proposes to bring down this burden,
which is laid on the country papers, to five cents
a quarter. The honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Chase] is not satisfied with this. He proposes to
cut it down to two and a half. Why does not the
honorable Senator propose to carry them for
nothing a distance of fifty miles? Why does the
honorable Senator dabble with two and a half
cents? It seems tome it is doing quite enough for
the country press to cut it down to five cents a
quarter, and it is doing quite as much as the rev-
enue of the Department can afford. The honor-
able Senator seems to think we have nothing to do
but to cut down postages. I apprehend we have
something else to do. We will have to provide a
revenue to support the Department sooner or later.
I object to this amendment, and think we ought
to stand by the chairman of the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, and we ought not thus
to appeal to the public feeling of the country. I
wish to do what is liberal to the country press,
and to do what is just and right to the Government;
and while I make a very large concession in favor
of the country press, I am for providing some rev-
enue for the purpose of maintaining the expenses
of the Post Office Department.
Mr. MASON. If the controversy is between
the country and the towns, my sympathies are
with the country. In the State which I represent,
fortunately for our people, we have few towns,
and the great interests of the community there are
in the country. Sir, the local presses to which
the Senator from Connecticut alludes are the presses
