1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
267
31st Cong 2d Sess. Reduction of Postage—Messrs. Rusk, Badger, Davis oj Mass., fyc.
Senate.
which of all others I would foster and cherish; and
although I would not by any means say that I
would use any measures to exclude the city press
from the country people, I would give every facil-
ity to the circulation of the country papers among
the people. I do not know by what action of this
Federal Government, or by what rule of the De-
partment, it has recently been ordained that news-
papers can be carried.out of the mail; but certain
it is that, under present regulations, penny papers—
the ephemeral papers of the day—are carried by
the conveyances that carry ^he mail, as freight,
and they are distributed in "the country without
the payment of postage at all. I understand it is
done by some rule of the Department. But the
effect has been to supersede, to a great extent, the
circulation of the local papers, because the others
are furnished cheaper. Now, I am not willing,
as the honorable Senator who represents the in-
terests of the postal department of the country,
and in whose opinions I have great confidence, to
make the letters pay the transportation of news-
papers by any arrangement of this postal system.
But I am prepared to bring down the postage upon
these local papers as low as is practicable. There
was a period when they were carried for nothing.
I know from my intercourse with the country that
these penny papers, brought as freight in the mail
trains, enter into great and serious competition
with the country papers, and it is for that reason
I preferred the amendment offered by the Senator
from Maine, to put the postage at as low a rate as
possible. My sympathies are with the country
papers. My sympathies are with the rural dis-
tricts; and although 1 would do nothing to inter-
fere with the circulation of the city papers, I would
do all I could to prevent the penny papers of the
city being brought into a competition disadvan-
tageous to the country papers.
Mr. RUSK. Our postal arrangements are worse 1
than those of any other civilized country on the
face of the globe. This very discussion and these
amendments show why it is so. We change prin-
ciples here, upon the spur of the moment, in con-
sequence of the supposed influence they are to
have in favor of one particular locality and against
•another. Now, in the English Parliament the
matter is managed in an entirely different manner.
When they propose to change the arrangements
respecting the mail, which is carried over a vastly
less territory than ours, and with less differences
in particular sections than we have, they appoint
a committee of Parliament and call before them
men of experience, who are acquainted with the
operations of this department, examine them, and
see what bearing the change will have on the
whole, and not to see how it will operate upon a
particular city or. rural district. Our country is
more diversified, stretching from Maine to Texas,
and from ocean to dcean, and yet we, without
reflection or examination, pass laws which must
entirely change the whole operations of the De-
partment.
Now what is the amendment proposed? It is
introducing confusion into a section which is plain
and can be easily understood. It is a departure
from the principle of equality arid justice in favor
of the rural districts and against the cities. If
there is an introduction of this amendment upon
the apparent ground that it will.favor the rural
districts, it will produce unlimited confusion in
the section under consideration.
The section provides:
" That the postage on the regular numbers of a newspa-
per, published weekly, for any distance not exceeding fifty
males, shall be five cents per quarter."
Now, the proposition is to change that to five
cents for each six months. The bin goes on:
" For any distance exceeding fifty miles, and not exceed-
ing three hundred miles, ten cents per quarter."
Here you charge for one distance by the quarter
and for another distance by the half year, which
will produce confusion. But the balance, of the
section is made to depend upon that. It goes on:
"For any distance exceeding three hundred miles, and
not exceeding one thousand miles, fifteen cents per quarter.
So that the reduction is in favor of the short
distance, and as a necessary consequence it oper-
ates in favor of the rural districts.
"For any distance exceeding one thousand miles, and
not exceeding two thousand miles, twenty cents per quar-
ter ; for any distance exceeding two thousand miles, and
not exceeding four thousand miles, twenty-five cent% per
quarter; ana for tiny distance exceeding four thousand
miles, thirty cents per quarter; and papers published semi-
weekly shall be chaiged double those rates, tri-weekly
treble those rates," fee.
Now, when you make the application of these
amounts, you will have an amount for all dis-
tances, instead of that within fifty miles, which is
easily understood. You must increase these rates
half-yearly on one set of papers, and quarterly
upon others. So that you propose to change the
starting point, and yet keep in the whole, which
is depending upon that, and which was made for
the purpose of increasing in proportion to the in-
crease of distance, and as the number of the issues
of the papers per week increases.
I shall not oppose any amendment which I
think will improve the bill. I do not claim the
bill as my own production. I have said that it
was mainly the production of the Department.
But I have not taken blindly what they have of-
fered, but I have asked the reasons why such and
such provisions should be put into the bill. Now
see the confusion which will take place if we adopt
this amendment. If we keep on putting in amend-
ments, one after another, we shall not know the
bill itself. We have seen what was the operation
of permitting newspapers to go free of postage in
a former law. There was palpable injustice, and
it was soon repealed. They had no right to the
use of the mails more than others. Mail facilities
should be common to the whole country; one man
is as much interested as another, whether he lives
on the Atlantic or the Pacific, orthe St. Lawrence,
or the Rio Grande, New York, or on the Rocky
Mountains. He is just as much entitled to the
benefits of this Government as any other. The
result was that it operated unjustly, and it pro-
duced a repeal. But Congress went to the other
extreme in trying to remedy the defects of that
system. They placed the same price upon the
smaller as the larger distance. These things
should be carefully examined in all their bearings
before we hastily adopt an amendment of this sort.
If we go on to amend the bill in this way, I shall
be in pretty much the same condition as that of a
man whom I once had in the army under me, by
the name of Tinsley, with regard to his horse.
He had a little white horse, and if he could draw
corn for him he would have it, and if he could not
draw it he would buy it if he could, and if he could
not buy it he would steal it. Tinsley'ahorse was !
always fed. And when the other horses came up
to eat, Tinsley woilld take a club and beat them ]
off. Some mischievious boys, whose horses had
been beaten in this way, took out Tinsley's horse,
mixed up some powder, and blacked him with ■
spots; so that when the horse came back to camp j
and went to eating, Tinsley, not knowing him, I
took a club and beat his own horse. That, I fear,
will be the case with regard to this bill. If we
keep on making amendments, and making a pro-
viso at the end of every section, I shall not know
the bill myself, and be driven to vote against it.
Mr. BADGER. I have the most profound re-
spect for the press generally and particularly—for
the city press and for the rural press; for the edit-
ors and for the correspondents, and for all and
singular who are connected with the press, directly
or indirectly, in every portion of the Union. I
wish to say this, lest a remark which I am about
to make should be misunderstood. I have a pro-
found respect for the press, from its results upon ]
the public men of this country, whose present
reputation and future fame depend upon the press.
The press sometimes forms popular opinion, and j
sometimes echoes popular opinion; but, whether
in originating or propagating the opinions of the I
day, it has a most powerful effect on the prospects ]
of young and rising statesmen; and I wish it to be 1
understood that, belonging to that particular class, i
I have a profound respect forHhe press. But while
I have this respect, I must add, that, like my friend i
from Virginia, I have a special, paramount, and |
absorbing, almost exclusive, respect and consider- (
ation for the press of the rural districts. And the
reason is obvious, we have no other press in the j
State of North Carolina. We have no city news- j
papers there, except two or three published in the j
town of my residence, which is a city by act of I
Assembly, though rather a small village in point
of population; and, therefore, I am for making all I
sorts of discrimination in favor of the local press
and against the city press. I am willing to do any-
thing in reason for the local press. I am willing,
if necessary, to takeathe little papers which are
published in the little villages weekly, and that the
United States shall carry them about and distribute
them free of charge to the individuals to whom
they are directed, within the respective counties
where they are issued, and, if you please, adding
complimentary notices to the editors, expressing
the singular satisfaction which the Government
entertains in being made the honored instrument
of distributing these vehicles of light and promo-
ters of virtue through the rural districts in which
they are spread. But I am not willing, if we are
gaing to take any pay at all, to take two and a half
cents per. quarter for pay. Now, if the United
States mean to do an act of favor, if we wish to
confer a gratuity, if we wish to signalize our ex-
treme desire to be instrumental in promoting the
diffusion of-this most valuable class of newspapers,
let us do it honorably, frankly, and fully, and not
grudgingly. That is one reason why I shall not
vote for the proposition of the Senator from Ohio,
though I am exceedingly anxious to vote for it. I
am very much afraid I shall incur some responsi-
bility at home, and perhaps somebody will not be
satisfied. But, in the next place, I am against it;
for I must go with my friend from Texas in sus-
taining the system which he has brought forward,
which has been devised by those who have pre-
sented it as the result of their observation and ex-
perience in the business connected with the Post
Office Department of the United States. That bill
has been examined, and the reasons and recom-
mendations considered by my friend from Texas
have met the approbation of the committee; and I,
for one, am not willing to take the responsibility
of making variations against the opinions of the
Department and against the opinions of the com-
mittee in what forms a system of postal arrange-
ment, the effect and operation of which I cannot
foresee; and therefore I shall vote against the
amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. There seems
to be one idea running through this country that a
newspaper is made up of a single sheet, which on
certain terms is to be scattered about the country.
The discrimination which is sought for, seem& to
be sought for. in order that some of the small rural
papers may be encouraged. Now, I am inclined
to think there is another matter which mixes itself
up with this subject, quite as important as this.
Why should not papers run their race for popular
favor like other things ? And if one paper is bet-
ter than another, why not leave persons to choose
for themselves ? It seems to me, when we under-
take to administer pabulum to the human mind,
that this is a consideration which, among others,
should enter into the arrangement. Let the press
have its free rate; and if a man at some distance
can make a more agreeable, instructive, and useful
paper than another who happens to locate some-
where near a man's house, why not let him take
it? Why not at least give the citizen the privilege
of doing it ? I apprehend that will be the result of
this matter, notwithstanding the attempt to make
the discrimination of some three, or four, or five
cents a year. I apprehend the whole matter is not
worth the consideration of the Senate at all, orthe
consumption of a moment's time, whether it is five,
fifteen, or twenty cents a year. That is a perfectly
immaterial thing.
Mr. CHASE. There is a good deal of force in
the remarks presented by my friend from Texas
in regard to the effect that this amendment might
have on other parts of the bill. 1 will therefore
modify it so as to obviate that effect, and instead
of proposing to strike out " quarter," I will insert
" three." That will obviate every objection which
the Senator has made on the score of incompati-
bility with other parts of the bill. With this mod-
ification I hope it will be adopted.
One word to the Senator from Massachusetts,
who happens to live in a State where the circula-
tion of papers is usually supplied from the cities.
I live in a State where a laige proportion of the
papers are supplied from the rural press. But on
every consideration as to localities, it seems to me
[ it is a mere act of justice, and that it is just as im-
' portant to reduce from twenty to twelve cents as
i from five to three.
