810
31st Cong *2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBK.
Reduction of Postage—Messrs.. J )ukinson, Soule, lliisk, dye.
[Feb. 20,
Sknatk.
tfof transportation of the mail* rontrm|iiiateit by IIIt-* *ecli«>nt
nitaJi be bound to *el«vt th«* route o\er which tin* mail can
be inuuptutt'tl in the  ln>rie«( time ftml on the ut«wi miiHUiit -
ea« term- , ami that am contract m>ulc uiuler the authority
thu« oi nferre l shall n< t be made tor a longer i>cri'*t than
foiirte&M, with trie understanding thill the *ame ma) be
raiwclleU bv the PcMtiiMtater < eneral  on hi* pav tug (utile
contract*** a mutable inttemmi) lor terminating their con-
tract, ami mi ln« tteinj sau.-rieU that the mail can he tran*-
potted tn «ti.*/t ,r ittiif than nmler tlie e noting contract - ,ind
proruitii further, Di4t. before making «n> contract, he "hall
at l*a*t  i\ty da\-*' uoUce, b> aiUeru-einent. in the
usu&J uantter of advertum* proposals to* tuail «*uutract .
Mr. DICKINSON. 1 wroild ask the Senator
to put in, before the wonl •• annulled," the word
" modified." st> as to read " moditied or annulled."
Mr. SOCLE. 1 have no objection.
Mr. Rl'SK. The amendment itself is not ob-
jectionable, but I t'eel it to be due to the Postmas-
ter General himself" to say a word on the subject,
because 1 stated yesterday that this section was
inserted in the bill at his suggestion. As 1 hare
■aid, I have no objection particularly to the amend-
ment; I have no objection to limiting the time.
But the section as it stands gives lo the Postmas-
ter General very little power more than he has
possessed mice the year 1645. 1 read from the
art of 1*45 upon the subject, in the first section:
4* Thai the Poetmastrr General of th  l'mted Stales be
and lie is hrreb) authorized, under 1 lie restrictions and pro-
visions ol the rusting laws, lo contract lor the transporta-
tion of the I !Hl'U Stale* mail N-[u I'm anv of the ports of
tfce 1' nited S Ml'- and a ; >rl or [>• >r[. o! any foreign Power,
Wilen.-ver, in Ins opinion. the public interest ma> tn- thereby
promoted ; and it shall be hi* duty to report tn the next en-
suing Congress a copy ot' each ol' said contract*, Willi a
•tatrmcut ot' the amount ol* postage d'-n vrd under the sain**,
as far as the reiurn-i of'the Department wilt enable linn to
do And such contract* may be made, it it shall appear to
the P«>straaster General to be required by the public interest,
£>r any gre&ter periud than four years, and not exceeding
t n years.'*
The 8th section of the amendment proposed by
the committee enacts—
*■ That the Postmaster General be authorized to contract
or make other arrangements lor the tr.in>|H>rtation of mails
of'tin1 f 111c.■.f States through any foreign country, and also
for the transportation by such transient or other vessels as
may be running between porta of the I'nited States and for-
eign ports, or between foreign ports, m cases where tliere
are no arrangements therefor, and to provide for the >1li e
tion of such [x•-trlff'-i on vi- h letters and other mailable mat-
ter as mav be sent under such arrangement* and contracts
as way be due to the I 'nited Slates, either by the prepay-
ment or at, such loreign ports ; and tor that purpose to use
and employ as agents the several consuls of the t'mled
States, or sueh oih -r persons as he may think fit: Prorulrd,
That no arrangement shall be made which will violate the
laws prevailing in such loreign porta or countnea or any
treat) of the I'nited stales."
That is all the additional authority that it gives
him over the act of 1*45; and 1 should have no
sort of apprehension that he would abuse his
power, which has not been abused so far as I know.
However, I have no objection to lU being limited
Within a reasonable limit.
I ascertain by the discussion upon this section
of the bill that it is a question entirely different
from the general provisions of the bill, and is likely
to embarrass it; and I therefore rose mainly for
the purpose of saying, that whether the amend-
ment be adopted or not, it is my purpose to move
to itnke out the entire section; and I desire to
g re not ce now, that when the Post Office appro-
priation bill comes up I shall offer it, with some
modifications made by the Postmaster General,
and which I think will render it unobjectionable
to every body.
Mr. SOULE. The argument which the hon-
orable Senator from Texas has urged in favor of
doing away with the section before the Senate will,
I am inclined to believe, rather sustain me in my
effort to keep it in the bill with the amendment
which I have proposed. The powers conferred
on the Postmaster General by the existing laws
are truly exorbitant, and might, if improperly ex-
erted, turn out to be highly detrimental to the true
interest of the service of the Department under his
charge. He might, under them, enter at this veiy
day into a new contract extending to the whole
term of ten years, which is the limit imposed upon
contracts for transporting the mails like those con-
templated in this section; and the effect would be
to make it impossible for the conntry to derive the
least advantage from those undertakings which
promise to open at no distant day speedier and
more economical means of communications than
these which we now possess. I have already re-
marked that my amendment will in no way inter-
fere with suck aontra ta aa may havti b««n hereto- i
fore entered into by the Department. They are
clearly to be respected, and will, 1 hope, be ad-
hered to in the spirit and w itliin tile terms of the
laws authorizing them. My object is lo secure for
the Government and for the country the facilities
and advantages, the speed and economy, which
the new undertakings to which 1 alluded on yes-
terday may before long tender to us, and which
our best interest* demand we should not forego
making available. The section under debate was
not deemed to connect with this bill matters that
were not germane to it. Indeed, 1 can hardly con-
ceive of a better place than that which is afforded
by the present bill for its insertion; and we should
not leave undone what we can thus effect so ap-
propriately here, in the expectation that it might
be as conveniently effected elsewhere. In my
humble judgment the section is a proper one; the
committee admitted it upon full consideration, and
1 have not heard a single reason given why it
should have been omitted. While we are legisla-
ting upon the main system winch is to regulate
hereafter the complicated machinery of the Post
Office l.)e|>artinent, it is but prudence that we
should at once take hold of a subject which, from
its complex bearings, is destined to have so signal
an influence on it through the relations which may
hereafter be created between our coast on the Pa-
cific and the great East Indian archipelago, and
place it on a footing that will uot estrange us from
such improvements as may be calculated to dimin-
ish s|>ace and augment speed. The object to be
achieved, together with those principles of economy
which should prevail in every branch of the ad-
ministration of the Government, equally demand
that the section be retained and my amendment to
it be adopted.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to on a division, there being—ayes 20, noes 12.
On nfbtioii by Mr. RL'SK, two verbal amend-
ments were agreed to.
Mr. SOCLE. I move to amend the 9th section
of the bill by inserting after the word " one" the
following words; " or whose labors may be in-
creased; ' so that the section will read:
"To any postmaster whose commissions maybe reduced
helow lln Amount allowed at his oilice for the year ending
the 3Wh day ot June, IK.",I, or whose labors may bo in-
creased, the Postmaster («eneral shall he authorized, th his
discretion, to allow such addiuonal commissions aa he inay
deemjustand proper."
The object of this amendment is still further to
secure than is done in the section as it stands the
De|>artinent against the difficulties and embarrass-
ments which may be produced, for a time at least,
by the kind of revolution about to be effected in
the Department by the passage of this bill. We
thought, in committee, that we would sufficiently
guard the interest of those whose labors are aa the
main springs of the whole system—1 mean the
clerks employed in the various branches of the
Department—by authorizing the Postmaster Gen-
eral to allow additional commissions, not exceed-
ing twenty per cent, on the amount of such com-
missions for the year ending June 13, 1851, to
any postmaster whose commissions, through the
workings of this bill, might be reduced below the i
amount allowed at his office for that year. But
this might not cover the exigencies likely to be
created by the new arrangement. It is not enough 1
that we should provide for such a contingency
only in contemplation af a state of things in which 1
the number of clerks would not be increased.
The cheap postage may, and will in many cases,
increase the actual labor to be performed by those
employed in the post offices; and it is but justice
that the discretion allowed the Postmaster General
should embrace this case also; and I submit
whether the amendment which I propose will not
improve the section in that respect. '
The amendment wag agreed to.
Mr. SOULE. I have another amendment to
propose. It is this: That the twelfth section be
so modified as to limit the appropriation provided
for in it to supply any deficiency that may grow
out of the putting in operation of the new system, ,
to |500,000 instead of $1,000,000. We were sat-
isfied in committee that the alterations made to the !
rates of postage as laid down in the bill from the
House would fully justify this diminution, and I
ask, therefore, the Senate to sanction it by its
vote. 11
The amendment was agreed to. [j
Mr. SEWARD, In the bill which passed the
llouae ol Representatives, there was a provision
which authorised—
" The Postmaster (icneral at all post offices where tlm
postmasters are a|i|ioiiited b) tlie President of the United
Hull's, to cstuhlish post routes within the cities or towns,
to provide for I'oiivcvlug letters to the olhee, by estab-
lishing suitable anil convenient places of il<-f>o«i!, llmf by
einplo) nig carriers to receive and de|Misit tliclu in tliu post
olllce; and at all stieli olhces it shall be In Ins gHivvcr to
cause letters lo Is* delivered h) stumble curriers, to be ap-
|snnled ti) film lor that |Hir|Mise, for wlucli not exceeding
one or two cents shall be charged, lo be paid by the [HTMMI
receiving or sending the same, and all stnua so received
shall be paid into the fust oiUcc Department: I'rondeil,
The amount of compensation allowed by the Postmaster
(Jeneral to carriers shall in no ease exceed the amouut paid
into the Treasury hv eaeli town or city under the provia-
loua ol till* sei'tuiii.''
This provision would be applicable to the cities
of New York, Philadelphia, lioston, New Or-
leans, and such large cities. It is to establish and
maintain a penny-post department, to be under
the supervision anit subject to the care and man-
agement of the Post Ofllce Department. The pro-
vision was carefully guarded, so that the United
States could sutler no pecuniary loss from the
recognition of that institution, because the amounts
to be allowed for payment of the expenses incurred
in the transportation of letters within the city are to
be kept within the amount of the penny postage re-
ceived. It is a great convenience,an indispensable
convenience in great towns and cities. For the want
of it in the city of New York, and I suppose in
other cities, there are small and irresponsible penny
posts all over the cities. They receive money for
carrying letters. Strangers, as well our own coun-
trymen as foreigners, deposit their letters in them,
and whether they arrive at their destination or not
is a matter unknown to them. I doubt not that in
some instances, and perhaps in a majority, they
are conducted with suitable responsibility. But
there is a manifest propriety in having them
guarded so that they will be secured from liability
to loss or miscarriage. 1 am awnre of no objection
that can be made to the provision, so far as the
revenue is concerned. It is apparent that another
postage department for the delivery of letters, and
the receiving of letters, is an indispensable auxil-
iary to the post office in great cities ; and the
operation of the institution would be to increase
the revenues of the Department. This section was
stricken ovtt, as I understand, by the committee;
but I have conversed with the chairman on that
subject, and with his consent, as I think, I am
authorized to say, and move to restore it for the
purpose of securing the objects I have described.
I therefore move to add that section to the substi-
tute as an additional section, to be the fifteenth
section.
Mr. RUSK. I have nochoice about this amend-
ment one way or the other. A similar authority
is now vesteu by law in the Postmaster General
to make all the arrangements under this provision,
and tliere are ninety-eight places for the reception
and delivery of letters in the city of New York at
the present moment. I find, by a circular of R.
Roberts, superintendent of the city post office at
New York, that there are this number, and that
the several stations are visited three times a day,
at 7 a. m., 12 m., and 2 p. m. I do not think the
amendment will increase the powers of the Post-
master General, but it may embarrass the bill.
Mr. CASS. I would inquire of the honorable
Senator from New York whether it is intended
that the letters shall be distributed to each indi-
vidual in the city who wishes it, or whether it is
merely that they shall be sent to depots provided
within the cities ?
Mr. SRWAHD. It is to establish depots with-
in the cities where letters can be received, and con-
veyed to the city post office. I would observe in
relation to this amendment, that it was approved
and adopted in the House on the suggestion of
the Representatives from the city of New York,
as they deemed it very essential. I shall state one
single advantage which every person will per-
ceive. If any stranger, say a member of this
body, should be in New York, and have occasion
to send a letter to the post office, he must be under
the necessity of carrying it himself, or employ a
porter at considerable expense, or send it to some
place, he knows not where, and commit it to some
hands, he knows not whose, to convey it. But if
this system was retognized, established, super-
