1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
275
31st Cong 2d Sess*
Military Contributions in California—Mr. Pearce.
Senate.
these letters every day; they are increasing on me.
Nine out of ten of the men, women, and children
who write to me I never heard of, but they all
want public documents. I had an application the
other day from a modest gentleman of the city of
Boston, who wished me to furnish him with a
copy of " The Exploring Expedition." I applied
to the chairman of the Committee on the Library,
and I found I could get it for some hundreds of
dollars. That is beyond ray means at present.
A great many of the applications are of this char-
acter; and certainly if we refuse to abolish the
franking privilege, for the purpose of encouraging
applications of this kind, I think we will have
enough of them.
Mr. WALES. What about petitions?
Mr. HALE, My friend from Delaware wants
to know something about petitions. I think that
some of those who go for the doctrine that tha
right of petition should'not be granted further than
to allow petitions to be brought to that table and
laid on it, or under it, could not adopt a more ex-
peditious or felicitous plan of quieting agitation
than subjecting these petitious to letter postage. I
think there would not be so many of them sent in
that case. That would be carrying out the "com-
promises" of the last session of Congress.
I do not know how other gentlemen find it; but
I confess, for one, that I get a great many more
letters than I want. I would rather have a tariff
applied if it would prevent'this great influx of let-
ters on me. Perhaps I am differently situated
from other gentlemen about this time. There is a
great anxiety to find what is the popular feeling
in different parts of the couhtry on certain sub-
jects. But that is only temporary. It only oc- '
curs once every four years, and I think we had ;
better not legislate in general for these particular [
cases. Let gentlemen who are anxious for appli- ;
cations of this sort pay the postage. I would be '
willing to make a direct allowance for such letters
as some Senators, from their peculiar situations, '
are liable to be troubled with, and thus providefor
these particular cases, and apply the general law
to the rest. 1 confess that, for one, I am in favor
of abolishing this franking privilege. I think it is
entirely wrong. I wish to do something for the
cause of "abolition," even if it is to abolish the
franking privilege. [Laughter.] It will be a be-
ginning, and for that reason I am in favor of it. I
hope, therefore, the franking privilege will be abol-
ished to begin with.
The yeas and nays were then taken, and were:
YEAS—Messrs. Bradbury, Chase, Davis of Mississippi,
Dickinson, Dodre of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Hale,
Hamlin, Kin*, Nocris. Turney, Walker, and Yulee—13. I
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Bor-
land, Cass, Clarke, Clay, Cooper, Davis of Massachusetts,
Dawson, Dayton, Downs, Ewing, Felch, Gvvui, Houston,
Hunter, Jones, Mason, Miller, Pearce, Pratt, Rusk, Sebas-
tian, Be ward, Shields, Smith, Soul£, Spruance, Sturgeon, ,
I'pham, Wales, and Whitcomb—34.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. RUSK. I move to add at the end of the
11th section the following:
" And tilt; moneys appropriated to the Post Office De-
partment by the 12th section of the act' to establish certain
post routes and for other purposes,' approved March 3d, .
1847, and remaining undrawn in Ihe Treasury, shall con- i
tinoe subject to the requisition of the Postmaster General !
for the service of the Post Office Department, notwith-
standing the same may so have remained undrawn for more
than two years after it became subject to such requisi-
tion."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CHASE. I wish to offer an amendment
to the second section of the substitute. I have
submitted it to the chairman of the Post Office
Committee, and it meets his approbation. That
section contains this provision: I
" Boand books not weighing over thirty-two ounces shall
be deemed mailable matter under the provisions of thu gec-
tion."
I move to amend it by inserting after the words
" bound books," the words, " and parcels of
printed matter." The whole effect of it will be
that when two. three, or four pamphlets should
be put up in one parcel, they would be charged
according to weight, and not according to num-
ber.
Mr. RUSK. That amendment only makes that
plain which was intended, and which is the real
construction of the section now.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DICKINSON. I desire to call the atten-
li tion of the chairman of the Post Office Committee
. to what I deem a defect in this bill. I wish to give
him an opportunity to prepare such an amend-
ment as he may think proper, as I do not wish to
interfere with the bill. I desire to call his atten-
tion to the rates his bill proposes in relation to
pamphlet postage. The present postage upon
pamphlets averages, I am informed, about one cent
per ounce for any distance. The substitute fixes
a rate of postage for pamphlets according to dis-
tance; a certain rate for a distance under three
hundred miles, and increasing in a certain ratio,
making the postage on pamphlets far more than
it is now, probably double at least of the present
rates. The object of the chairman of the com-
mittee is to reduce; the object of the bill is to re-
duce. I am informed by an association of pub-
lishers in the city of New York, that if this bill
pass in this form, the postage on pamphlets will
be largely increased. If the chairman should not
offer an amendment to obviate this difficulty, 1
shall probably offer one myself. I make these
, remarks for the purpose of calling his attention to
the matter.
The PRESIDENT. Is the Senate ready for
the question on the substitute as amended ?
Mr. DICKINSON. 1 have an amendment to
offer, of some additional sections, to come in after
the third section of the substitute, which provides
for the coinage of a three-cent piece. At the last
session of Congress, I had the honor to introduce
a bill to provide for the coinage of a three-cent
piece, and the recoinage of a copper cent. The
House have provided in this bill for the coinage of
a three-cent piece, but they have not fully carried
| out the object, as is signified by a letter from the
i Director of the Mint at Philadelphia to the chair-
| manoftheComrmtteeon thePostOffice'. TheHouse
i section provides what the fineness of the coin shall
! be. It is impracticable to make ingots of exactly
these proportions, and a departure must be allowed
in order to give the benefits intended. It must
provide for the abolition of the Spanish coins. In
short, the amendment, as carefully prepared at the
Mint, should be adopted in order to give force to
this provision. I therefore propose to add further
sections, which have been prepared on this subject.
I have also thought it proper to add a provision
for the recoinasfe of the copper cent. That coin is
much used. The time has come when cheap post-
age, retail dealers, newspaper rates, &c., require
something more portable than the present cent
piece. I would not have introduced the latter part
of the amendment, but for the provision in the bill
providing for the coinage of a three-cent piece.
1 The following isgfe; amendment alluded to:
" Sec. 5. That no*|Es shall be used for the coinage of
such three-cent pieces, of which the quality differs more
' than five thousandths from the legal standard; and that in
adjusting the weight of the said coins, the following devia-
tions from the standard weight shall not be exceeded, viz;
one lialf of a grain in the single piece, and one pennyweight '
in a thousand pieces.
" Sec. 6. That it shall be lawful for the Treasurer of tlie
Mint, under the instructions of the Director, to purchase sil- i
ver bullion which shall be deposited by the said Treasurer
for coinage into the said three-cent pieces; and that the I
said coins when received may be delivered in exchange for I
their legal equivalent in other gold or silver coins of the :
United States, to any persons who shall applv for them:
Provided, That the sum asked for shall not be less than '
fifteen dollars.
" Sec. 7. That it shall also be lawful to payout the said
coin at the Mint in exchange for the following silver coin,
viz : the Spanish quarters, eighths, and sixteenths of a dol-
lar ; the Mexican pieces of like denominations; the British
shilling and sixpence, and the French franc, half franc, and
quarter franc; and at the following rates, viz: for the Spanish
or Mexican quarter dollar, twenty-fire cents; for the Span- i
lsh or Mexican eighth of a dollar, twelve and a half cents; 1
for the Spanish or Mexican sixteenth of a dollar, six and a j
quarter cents; for the British shilling, twenty-one cents; '
for the French franc, eighteen cents; for the half franc nine ;
cents, and for the quarter franc four cents: Provided,
That such pieces shall not be presented in quantities less
than thirty dollars, and that in every such parcel there shall
be at least one third of the amount in quarter dollars.
" Sec. 8. That the said coins hereafter provided for may
be delivered at the discretion of the Director in any of the
principal citieB and towns of the United States, tinder such
regulations as the Secretary of the Treasury may direct, at
the cost of the Mint for transportation, and the reasonable :
expense of freight incurred in sending the foreign coins I
aforesaid to be exchanged at the Mint as herein authorized,
may also be paid : Provided, That the amount to be paid |
in any case shall not exceed three per cent, of the amount
exchanged. '
" Sec. 9. That the money which shall be received in
exchange for the said coins shall be a fund in the hands of
the Treasurer of the Mint, which shall be used in the pur-
chase of siiver bullion to be converted into said coins, and
to pay the expense of theirtransportation. And if there be
a surplus, the same shall be appropriated t« defray the con-
tingent expenses of the Mint: Provided, That the foreign
coins received shall not be again put in circulation.
« Sec. 10. That until the same fund shall have accumu-
lated by the sales herein authorized, and whenever, for
other reasons, it may be convenient, it shall be lawful to
|| apply such portion of the silver in the bullion fund of the
I: Mint as may be needful in the coinuge of the coins herein
i authorized : Provided, That from the proceeds of the sales
!' of said coins, the legal value of any silver thus withdrawn,
estimated in dollars, shall be restored to the bullion fund
aforesaid.
"Sec. 11. That the provisions of this act in relation to
the said three-cent piece, are hereby extended to the Branch
Mint at New Orleans. And authoiity is hereby conferred
oil the Secretary of the Treasury to extend*the same pro-
visions to the Branch Mints at Charlotte and Dahlonega,
whenever in his opinion he may detm it expedient.
'• Sec. 12. That from and after the passage of this act, it
shall be lawful to coin at the Mint and branches, pieces of
one cent, to be composed of one tenth silver and nine tenths
copper, and to be of file weight of twenty-five grains. That
; in adjusting the weight of said piece of one cent, there shall
; be no greater deviation allowed than one and a half grains
( in the single piece, and three pennyweights in a delivery of
^ one thousand pieces, and in the composition of the metals
there shall be no greater deviation allowed from the propor.
1 tion of silver than orie tenth of that proportion, and the de-
signs on said coins shall express the title United States of
, America, its year of coinage, its legal value, and its propor-
tion of silver.
^ Sec. 13. That to secure a due conformity to the fore-
going standard of weight and fineness, the same trial shall
be made, and at the same time, as is provided in the 27th
and 32d sections of the act of January, 1837, relative to the
Mint and coinage.
" Sec. 14. That ttie profits arisingfrom the coinage hereto"
' fore authorized, shall be used to pay the expense of trans'
t portation of these coins, aad if there be still a surplus, th®
same shall be appropriated to defray the contingent expense'
of the Mint or Branch Mint where such profits shall have
accrued.
" Sec. 15. That the penalties for making and uttering
counterfeits of the copper coins of the United States, as
provided by the act of March 3, 1825, sections 20 and 21, be
extended to include counterfeiting of the coins herein pro-
vided for.
Without acting upon this amendment the Sen-
ate adjourned.
[For the continuation and final action on the bill, iti
Congressional Globe, page 672, fcc.]
MILITARY CONTRIBUTIONS IN CALIFORNIA.
1 DEBATE IN THE SENATE.
Tuesday, February 25, 1851.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the "Bill in addition
to and amendatory of an act entitled «An act to
i provide for the settlement of the accounts of public
officers and others who may have received money
arising from military contributions or otherwise in
Mexico,' " approved March 3, 1849.
Mr. PEARCE. I understand that an amend-
ment is to be offered by the Senator from Califor-
nia. Before he offers it, I desire briefly to explain
to the Senate the provisions of the bill. On the
3d of March, 1849, Congress passed an act "pro-
viding for the settlement of the accounts of the
public officers and others who may have received
moneys arising from military contributions or
otherwise in Mexico. The various sections of
that bill provide how moneys raised from militaiy
contributions shall be accounted for, and that offi-
cers refusing or neglecting to account for the
moneys shall be proceeded against. By that bill
a certain compensation was allowed for the officers,
in which respect the bill now before thj Senate
differs from that act by providing a compensation
ascertained in another mode. It provides also
how the accounts of the expenses of the officers
shall be rendered and paid.
The bill now before the Senate applies the pro-
visions of that act to moneys which have been
received since the conclusion of peace between
Mexico and the United States, and makes some
additional provisions for the compensation of those
who may have received these money®. It also
allows certain disbursements of these moneys
which have been expended without due authority
of law. At the close of the war, the military con-
tributions which had been enforced by the authority
of the President as commander-in-chief, could no
longer, as he thought, be demanded. They ceased,
therefore, with the treaty of peace. But vessels
continued to arrive at San Francisco bringing large
and valuable cargoes. San Francisco was not
then, within the limits of any collection district in
the United States, and of course there waa no col-
