276
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 85,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Military Contributions in California—Mr. Gwin.
Senate.
lector there, and, properly speaking, no foreign !
goods could be brought in without being liable to I
seizure for a violation of the revenue laws of the
United States, which prescribed that importations i
should be entered into the United States only
within collection districts, under the rules prescribed
by the act of 1799. When these vessels arrived
at San Francisco with their cargoes, the proper
course would have been for them to comply strict-
ly with the law, to go to Oregon, where there was
a collection district, or to some other port of entry,
and there enter the goods, and from that place
they might have taken them to San Francisco and
unladed them for consumption. It would have
been very inconvenient and very expensive for
them to have done so. Indeed, in most cases it
would have been impossible; for as soon as the
vessels arrived at San Francisco, the crews deserted
their ships and went to the mines.
Under these circumstances, the military author-
ities there took upon themselves the responsibility
(for the relief of the person owning these goods,
or the parties to whom they were consigned) of
receiving duties, which the parties had no right to
pay, and which the officers, therefore, had no
right to receive. This was a benefit to the mer-
chant and to his agent. The moneys thus re-
ceived could not be paid into the Treasury of the
United States, for they were received without au-
thority of law. They have remained, therefore,
in the hands of those who collected them, except
so far as they may have been applied without au-
thority of law to military and naval purposes, and
other subjects not known to the law. The Com-
mittee on Finance have had a great deal of trouble
to get at the items; but I understand that, in point
of fact, one and a half million of dollars of this
fund have been expended without authority.
One hundred and seventy-five thousand dollars
was applied to the support of the civil government
in California—chiefly, I believe, to defray the ex-
penses of the convention to frame a constitution.
One hundred thousand dollars was applied for the
relief of immigrants, chiefly overland immigrants,
also without authority of law. One million one
hundred and twenty-five thousand dollars was ap-
flied to the military service—a large portion of it,
believe, to the quartermaster's department; and
one hundred thousand dollars was turned over to
officers of the Navy. How it was employed, how
it was expended, I do not know; nor do I know
how much more than this sum of one million five
hundred thousand dollars has been received there.
Certainly a large amount has been received. It
is our duty to provide some mode of accounting
for and bringing into the Treasury of the United
States the whole of the money, or that balance
which may remain after allowing such items as
Congress may think proper to allow.
The act of 3d March, 1849, the provisions of
which are adopted by this bill, as far as they are
applicable to this case, provided that when there
had been expenditures for the use of the Army
they might be accounted for, and when certified to
the Secretary of the Treasury by the Secretary of
War in the manner prescribed by the act, they
shauld be allowed. The same rule was adopted
with regard to the Navy. This bill applies to this
case the provisions of that act, which was con-
fined solely to moneys received from military con-
tributions; and it also authorizes the allowance of
the $175,000 expended for the support of civil gov-
ernment, and the $100,000 expended for the relief
of immigrants, upon proper vouchers to be fur-
nished to the Secretary of the Treasury. I sup-
pose, as these sums have been expended,it would
be in vain to reclaim them; and perhaps injustice
we ought not to seek to reclaim them. Congress,
though they did much for the protection of the
people of California in a military way, undoubt-
edly did not perform their duty with regard to
civil government. It would seem, therefore, fair
and liberal to allow them this sum of money,
large as it may appear, which has been expended
for the support of civil government. It would also
seem humane, and charitable, and proper, al-
though there is no provision of law to justify it,
to allow the $100,000 which was expended for the
relief of immigrants. The bill provides for al-
lowing these items, as well as the expenditures for
the use of the military and naval departments,
when ascertained and certified by the head of a
proper Department. Such are the provisions of
the bill.
Mr. GWIN proposed the following as an addi-
tional section to the bill: I
" Sec. 4. .'ind be it further enacted, That the funds col-
lected from the date ot the ratification of the treaty of peace 1
with Mexico, to the twellth ol'Noveinber, eighteen hundred '
and lorty-nine, when the collector appointed under the act
of the third ot Marcl), eighteen hundred and iorty-uine, en-
tered upon the duties of his office, be paid to the State of
California, after the payments provided tor m the second
and third sections ot tins act are deducted from the same."
Mr. GWIN said: This provides for the pay-
ment of the whole sum collected from customs in
California, before the act of the 3d of March
went into operation, to the State of California;
and if it passes, I will then oiler another section
to pay to the State all moneys collected under the
; act of the 3d of March, 1849, up to the date of
i our admission into the Union.
I The benator from Maryland [Mr. Pearce]
| says the merchants of California would have been
i forced to go to Oregon to enter their goods, if the
! military government in California had not estab-
lished the tariff of 1846, as they would have vio-
, lated the laws of the country by landing their
goods at San Francisco. I take issue with the
Senator on the last proposition, and will proceed
to show that no law of the United States would i
' have been violated by the landing of goods in Cal-
| lfornia, until by law the revenue laws were ex-
tended there. The Senator's construction of our
laws would have excluded us from landing goods
at all on the Pacific coast, as there was no collect-
or in Oregon until long after the ratification of
peace.
I In order to arrive at a correct conclusion in the
consideration of this subject, I will briefly review I
the former action of the Government in executing
the treaties with France and Spain, and the joint
resolutions admitting Texas into the Union. The
treaty with France, ceding Louisiana to the Uni-
ted States, was made during the recess of the Sen-
ate. Contemporaneously with the ratification of
that treaty, Congress passed a law authorizing
the President to take possession of the territory,
and to appoint officers to carry on a temporary
government; and, until Congress should provide a
permanent one, to exercise all the military, civil,
and judicial powers that similar officers under the
Government of Spain can exercise. I
It will thus be seen that the Executive Depart-
ment of the Government could exercise no power
in the ceded territory until authorized to do so by
law. The same is true in regard to the treaty with
Spain, ceding the Floridas, with this difference,
that instead of including them under the general
term ciril, the revenue laws wet^n express terms
extended to the ceded Territ<^)tend the Presi-
dent authorized to establish such collection dis-
tricts as should to him seem expedient to promote
the public interests. Both of these laws were
temporary, so that there might be no hiatus in the
governments of these Teriitones until Congress
had time to mature and prepare a proper system of
government for them; and I wish to call the spe-
cial attention of the Senate to the fact, that with
the power to take possession of the Territory,
was given the power to collect duties therein, thus
showing clearly that before the passage of a law
by Congress no power existed to collect .duties
there. This is made more conclusive by the ac-
tion of the Treasury Department under both trea-
ties.
In the case of Florida, that Department decided
" that all goods which have been or may be im-
' ported from Pensacola before an act of Congress
' shall be passed erecting it into a collection district,
' and authorizing the appointment of an officer to
' reside thereat for the purpose of superintending
' the collection of duties, will be liable to duty."
The same question arose under the Texas an-
nexation resolutions, and the then Secretary of the
Treasury issued a circular to the collectors and
other officers of the customs, dated July 29, 1845,
in which he reaffirmed the decision made by his
predecessor, which I have just read. The Supreme
Court of the United States, in the case of Flem-
ming & Marshall vs. Page, decided that these de-
cisions of the Treasury Department were the true
interpretation of the law under the operation of the
treaty. Both of these decisions declare that Flor-
ida and Texas were to he considered as foreign
I territory, so far as the collection of duties was con-
cerned, until an act of Congress should be passed
establishing collection districts.
This brings me to the bill now under consider-
ation; and, in examining it, I shall first show the
origin of what is called the civil fund of Califor-
nia, and the reasons which, in my opinion, make
it the duty of Congress to authorize its payment
to the people of that State. I shall afterwards
briefly state the reasons why, in my opinion, it
was equally the imperative duty of Congress to
make a similar disposition of the moneys collected
in California under the act of the 3d of March,
1849, up to the date of the admission of the State
into the Union.
When the treaty with Mexico was ratified, Col-
onel Mason was the military Governor of Califor-
nia. On the 6th of August, 1848, he was officially
, notified of the ratification of the treaty, and that
military authority no longer governed in Califor-
nia. In a letter to the War Department, dated
19th of August, 1848, he writes as follows;
(From Colonel Mason's letter to General Jones, of ~'lu-
K ust 19, 1848.)
" For the past two years no civil government has existed
here, save tiiat controlled by the senior military or nava!
officer, and no civil officers exist in the country save the
alcaldes appointed or confirmed by myself. To throw off
upon them, or the people, the civil management and control
of the country, would most probably lead to endless confu-
sion, if not to absolute anarchy; and yet what right or au-
thority have I to exercise civil control in time of peace in
a Territory of the United States ?" *****
"In like manner, if all customs were withdrawn, and the
ports thrown open free to the world, San Francisco would
be made the dep'it of all foreign goods in the North Pacific,
to the injury of our revenue and the interests of our mer-
chants. To prevent this great influx of foreign goods into
, the country duty free, I feel it my duty to attempt the col-
| lection of duties according to the United States tariff of
I 1846. This will render it necessary for me to appoint tem-
! porary collectors, &c., in the several ports of entry, forth©
military force is too much reduced to attend to these du-
ties."
Here is the authority under which this civil
fund was collected. Colonel Mason very signifi-
cantly asks, " What right or authority have I to
exercise civil control, in time of peace, in a Terri-
tory of the United States?" He notoriously had
1 none; yet he did exercise civil control, not only in
, the government of the country, but also in taxing
its people. He extended the provisions of the
tariff of 1846 over California, and forced the peo-
, pie to pay duties under that law; and no power
i on earth except the Congress of the United States
1 had the right to enforce the payment of these du-
( ties. I will presently show what would have been
the result if the peopleof California had refused to
obey this military edict. When this letter reached
the War Department, it was laid before the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, who thereupon issued a
circular disavowing the act of Colonel Mason, and
clearly showing that, until Congress created a
I collection district in California, no duties could be
' lawfully collected there.
! It may be proper here to remark, that, for rea-
sons well known to the Senate, Congress passed
no law similar to those passed on the acquisition
, of Louisiana and Florida, giving the President the
power to organize governments in territories ac-
, quired from Mexico. I will now read this docu-
ment:
u Circular to collectors andother officers of the Customt.
"Treastry Department, October 7, 1848.
" On the 30th of May la«t, upon the exchange of ratifica-
i tions of our treaty with Mexico, California became a part
of the American Union ; in consequence of which various
questions have been presented by merchants and collectors
for the decision of this Department.
; " By the Constitution of the United States it is declared
that 6 All treatie« made, or which shall be made, under the
authority of the United States, shall be the supreme law of
the land.' By the treaty with Mexico, California is annexed
to this Republic, and the Constitution of the United States
is extended over that Territory, and is in full force through-
out its limits. Congress, also, by several enactments, sub-
sequent to the ratification of the treaty, have distinctly
recognized California as a part of the Union, and have ex-
tended over it, in several important particulars, the laws of
the United States.
" Under th«se circumstances, the following instructions
arc issued by this Department:
I " 1st. All articles of the growth, produce, or manufacture
i of California, shipped therefrom at any time since the 30th
I of May last, are entitled to admission free of duty into all
the ports of the United States.
" *^d. AH articles of the growth, produce, or manufacture
of the United States are entitled to admission free of duty
into California, as are also all foreign good* which are ex-
empt from duty bv the laws of Congress, or on which goods
the duties prescribed by those laws have been paid to any
