1851.]
APPEtfDli TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
277
31st Cong 2d Ses«.
Military Contributions in California—Mr. Gwin.
Sknate.
collector of the United States previous to their introduction
into California.
" 3d. Although the Constitution of the United States ex-
tends to California, and Congress have recognized it by
law as a part of the Union, and legislated for it as such, yet i I
it is not hroQght by law within the limits of any collection |
district, nor has Congress authorised the appointment of
any officers to collect the pevenue accruing on the import
of foreign dutiable goods into that Territory. Under these
circumstances, although this Department may be unable to
collect the duties accruing on importations from foreign
countries into California, yet if foreign dutiable goods
should He introduced there, and shipped thence to any port
or place of the United States,they will be subject to duty,
us also to all the penalties prescribed by law when such im-
portation is attempted without the pavment of duties.
<kR. J. WALKER,
" Secretary of the Treasury."
In his annual report to Congress in December,
1848, referring to this subject, he says*
" The revenue laws not having been extended to Cali-
fornia, no duties could l>e collected there, hut the Depart-
ment exercised all its authority by issuing the circular
hereto annexed, (which I have just read, marked S,) open-
ing free trade under the Constitution between its ports and
those of the rest ofjhe Union, at the same time guarding the
revenue from loss, as far as practicable."..
The President, in his annual message of the
same year, says^
" No revenue has been or coold be collected at the ports
in California, because Congress failed to authorize the es- '
tablishment of custom-houses, or the appointment of officers
*or the purpose.
" The Secretary of the Treasury, by a circular letter ad-
dressed to the collectors of customs on the 7th day October
last, a copy of which is herewith transmitted, exercised all
the power with which be was invested by law."
The circular of the Secretary of the Treasury
referred to by the President I have.just read.
Here we have the emphatic declaration of the
Chief Magistrate of the nation, affirmed by the
Secretary of the Treasury, that "no revenue has
been or could be collected at the ports in California,
because Congress failed to authorize the establish-
ment of custom-houses, or the 'appointment of
officers for that purpose." Is there a member of
this Senate that will controvert the statement of
the President? I think not. Yet, if we pass the
bill reported from the Committee on Finance, we
will falsify this statement, by paying into the
Treasury the moneys collected from the customs
before Congress established custom-houses or ap-
pointed officers in that country. But I will pro-
ceed with the history of the case.
When the circular of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury reached California, a citizen of San Francisco,
in his own name and in behalf of others, addressed
a letter to Commodore Jones, in chief command
of the navy of the United States on that coast,
•which I will now read to the Senate, with the
Commodore's reply. In the Commodore's letter
will be seen the state of affairs, before referred to
by me, which would have existed if the citizens
of California refused to pay duties under the mili-
tary edict of Colonel Mason, that Mr. Walker's
circular explicitly states he had no authority to
issue:
Saw Francisco, February 23,1849.
" Sir : I am requested, by parties interested in the im-
portation of merchandise into this port, to inquire re-
spectfully if you will publicly confirm the appointment of
Mr. Edward H. Harrison as collector of the port of San
Francisco, made in September, by Colonel R. B. Mason,
Military Governor of Upper California; and whether, in the
event of foreign goods, wares, and merchandise being land-
ed at this port without entry at the custom-house and the
payment of duties thereon, you will take the responsibility
of seizing and confiscating such goods, wares, merchan-
dise, or aid the collector of customs to do so, with the force
wider your command ?
"This inquiry is made inconsequence of the tenor of the
circular issued by Jt. J. Walker, Secretary of the Treasury
of the United States, under date of October 9,184B, and
that of the President's message, delivered to both Houses
of Congress in December last, which have recently been re-
ceived here, confirming the opinions of those parties who
have always doubted the authority and legality of Colonel
Mason ordering the collection of duties on imports into Cal-
ifornia, since the peace with Mexico.
"Those persons now believe that the Government at
Washington will disclaim all responsibility as to the collec-
tion of duties in Upper California, and refer parties who
feel aggrieved to Colonel Mason, and those persons acting
voder his authority, for redress. For this reason thev do
dedre to know haw far you participate in the regulations
now in force here for the collection of duties on imports
under the United States tariff of A. 0.1846.
* " An early answer is respectfully desired, as several pro-
tests against the payment of duties are now being required
by different parties, which must be drawn in* conformity to
your reply.
" I am, sir, respectfully, your most obedient servant,
"C. V. GILLESPIE,
« Notary Public for the district of San Francisco,
"ToThomas ApCatesby Jones, Commander-in-chief
United States Xaval forces, Pacific ocean."
" Flag Ship Ohio* San Francisco, Feb. 26,1849.
** Sir : Tours dated the 23d instant, making (on behalf of
some importing merchants of $an Francisco) inquiry in re-
lation to the collection of duties on foreign products and
manufactures introduced into California, was not received
until late on Saturday.
" Your inquiries will be fully answered by stating that I
do fully approve of the appointment by Colonel R. B. Ma-
son, Commander and Military Governor of Upper Califor-
nia, of Mr. Edward II. Harrison, as collector of the cus-
toms at the port of San Francisco, and that I will employ
the force under my command, when called on by the col-
ment of any officers to collect revenue in that
country, and follows that quotation with the fol-
lowing statement:
"The laws of the United States are in force here, and
consequently, the revenue and navigation laws are."
Here Mr. Walker and General Smith, both able
lawyers, are at direct issue. But General Smith
attempts thus to explain away this difference, that,
' inasmuch as the power of enforcing the revenue
laws of California does not exist, that dutiable
lector, or when I may otherwise find itnecessary to enforce ; ts    1 ,«i>>
the revenue laws of the United States, at every point on the : J£°°ds cannot be admitted at all into that coun-
coast of California, ceded to the United States by the treaty ! trjr. But, inasmuch as it would be a great hard-
of peace and limits with Mexico, ratified and exchanged in !, ship to drive off the cargoes of goods that were
UU6« R«pe«fJuXiTc°n 1116 « THOS 'ap'c ^ONES 8' 'j indispensable to the existence oft he inhabitants,
Si Commander-in-Chief U.S. Naval Forces,Pacific ocean, j
" C. V. Gillespie, Esq.," &c. <
If the people of California could have appealed 1
to the United States courts to decide whether the
he decreed that the importers of dutiable goods
should " deposit" the duties, " to wait the action
of Congress on the subject." Here the merchants,
instead of paying duties, as they were required to
Commodore had the power, under the existing ' do by Colonel Mason, were forced to depositwith
laws, to "enforce the revenue laws of the United an irresponsible person, unknown to the laws,the
States at every point of the coast of California," ,same amount that they had been required to pay
and these courts had decided that he could lawfully" . by Colonel Mason. And this system continued
thus employ the naval force under his command, ' UP t0 the time the collector appointed under the act
no one would have complained. But no matter j of 3d March, 1849, commenced the collection of
how clear it was to the citizens of California, from
the circular of the Secretary of the Treasury and
message of the President, that the Commodore
could not lawfully exercise such power, yet they
were forced to submit, or revolt and resist the mil-
itary and naval authorities of this Government sta-
tioned in that country.
Soon after this correspondence, General Persi- <
fer P. Smith arrived in California, and became
the chief ruler of that country. The General is
a lawyer as well as a brave soldier, and knew per-
fectly well that the military authorities of Oalifor-
duties under that law.
I will now proceed to show that General Smith
was clearly wrong in his conclusions when hesay«
" the laws of the United States are in force here,
(California,) and, consequently, the revenue and
navigation laws are," and my first authority shall
be the first and highest known to this country,
and is directly in point. I read from adecision of
the Supreme Court of the United States, Flem-
ming and Marshall to. Page, 616 Howard:
" This construction of the revenue laws has been uni-
formly given by the administrative department of the Gov-
ernment in every ca^e that has coine before it; and it has,
, . .. .' , .. j _ ^ Mrlf enimoiii m evTrv cast; mat iihs uuiijb ubiwic n, anu i  no« j
nia had no power to collect duties under the tariff L indeed, been given in cases where there appears to have
of 1846. He therefore repudiated Col. Mason's1 * - . .   «—.—*   
act, and sought to obtain the same object in another
way- He therefore, on the 1st April, 1849, issued
a circular, an extract from which I will now read
to the Senate:
" Headquarters, Pacific Divtsiot,
"Saw Pranctsco, California, Jlprtt 1, 1849.
"The treatv concluded with Mexico on the 30th of May
: last brought Upper California within the United States, and,
of course, within the operation of all its laws. But the
1 means of enforcing some of these laws have not been pro-
vided by Congress. Thus, as the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. in his circular of the 30th of October last, observes,
| ' although Congress have recognized California as a part of
the Union, and legislated for it as such, yet it is not broocht
by law within the limits of any collection district, nor has
Congress authorized the appointment of any officers to col-
lect the revenue.' The laws of the United States are in
force here, and consequently the revenue and navigation
- laws are—though at this moment some part of the machi-
> nery necessary to their complete action is wanting.
"Now, the'lawtiHfateres that certain goods shall only
; enter upon havin^^^pthe duties prescribed by the tariff,
! and when the SeoH^ rays that the Department is unable
to collect duties on such, the proper inference U not, as
many seem to think, that the goods can enter without pay-
ing duties, but that, being unable to pav the duties here, as
required by law, they cannot be admitted at all.
u As many cargoes had been shipped under the wrong
impression that they could enter, and there was no Ameri-
can port of entry on the Pacific to which they could resort
to comply with the law, a case of extreme hardship wa«
presented, which appeared to authorize such a modification
as would allow the cargoes to be entered, on depositing- the
duties, to await the action of Congress on this subject.
, And so from the want of American vessels on the coast,
1 and from the unwillingness of the few in this ocean to fre-
I quent these ports where the men desert to the cold mines, !
an absolute necessity of some means of transportation ex- j
I isted, which could only be supplied by using foreign vessels |
that come from the neighboring coasts. i
! ({ But both of these modification* of law can be but tem- i
1 porary. There can be no hardship in enforcing the law on 1
those who are fully aware of its provisions and their effect;
and time will, doubtless, do away with the scarcity of:
American vessels of small class here. There will be then
been stronger grounds for regarding the place of shipment
as a domestic port; for after Florida had been ceded to the
United States, and the forces of the United States had
taken possession of Pensacola, it was decided by the Treas-
ury Department that goods imported from Pensacola before
an act of Congress was passed erecting it into a collection
district, and authorizing the appointment of a cottector,
were liable to duty. That K that although Florida had, by
cession, actually become a part of the United States, and
was in our possession, yet, under the revenue laws, its
, ports must be regarded as foreign until they were established
aa domestic by the act of Congress; and it appears that
this decision was sanctioned at the time by the Attorney
Genera! of the United States, the law officer of the Govern-
1 ment. And although not so applicable to the case before u§,
; yet the decisions of the Treasury Department in relation to
- Amelia Tslafl)! and certain parts of Louisiana, after that
, province hadbeen ceded to the United States, were both
made upon the same ground*!. And in the latter case, after
a custom-house had been established by law at New Or-
leans, the collector at that place was instructed to regard as
: foreign ports Baton Rouge and other settlement-^ still in the
possession of Spain, whether on the Mississippi, Iberville,
• or the seacoast. The Department, iu no instance that wa
| are aware of since the establishment of the Government,
1 has ever recognized a place in a newly-acquired country
j as a domestic port, from which the coasting trade might ba
I carried on, unless it had been previously made so by act of
J Congress.
"The principle thus adopted and acted upon by the ex-
' ecutive department of the Government has been sanctioned
by the decisions in this court and the circuit courts, when-
: ever the question came before them."
' This is conclusive on the subject; but I will go
further, and not leave an inch of ground for those
I persons to stand upon who assert that this money
i should be paid into the National Treasury.
There could have been but one of these revenue
laws in force in California—first, the tariff of 1846;
i second, the tariff laws passed by the Congress
' of Mexico; third, the military contribution tariff
framed by the Secretary of the Treasury under the
direction of the President of the United States.
The tariff of 1846, it must be admitted, was not
in operation under the uniform construction of the
no reasons for indulgence, and the suspension of the strict ; ...     .
enforcement of the law will cease. Even before that tflne, : < Treasury Department, as affirmed by the Supreme
the Government at Washington, thinking itself empowered c . / tj United States in the case I have just
.to allow of any such suspension, may revoke the indul- i Ui. «   t* ^ „<• prtn
gence granted, ami require a strict adherence to the law, i read to the Senate. It required an act ut ton-
whatever may be flie inconvenience to individuals. 1 gress to extend the revenue laws of California,
«I think it would be proper, then, to notify all persons | an<j a^er t^e peace until those laws were so ex-
designing to come here from your port, or ita neightarhoo^ j ^ the duties could not be col-
' that they can have no right to count upon any other than
' the strictest construction of the law, as in all other port* of
i the United States, both as regards cargoes and vessels; and
particularly that dutiable goods cannot be entered here at ,
all, unless Congress shall have roads provision for appoint- ,
ing the necessary officers."
Although the General is a good lawyer; yet, in 1
this instance, he had a bad case, which he made
the most of. In this circular,he says, all the lairs ,
of the United States are in force in California. He !
quotes a part of Mr. Walker's circular, where he t
! says that Congress has not authorized the appoint- [
lected under them. .
The Mexican tariff did not apply during tlie
war, because the country was in our possession,
and it was superseded by our military contribu-
tion tariff; and after the ratification of the treaty
of peace the Mexican tariff did not apply to Cali-
fornia, for by that treaty it ceased to be a part of
the Mexican Republic. " The military contribution
tariff, by its very terms, ceased with the ratifica-
tion of the treaty.
