1951,]
APPEKD1X TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
881
31st Cong 2  Sess. Military Contributions in California—Messrs. Walker, Gwin, fyc.
Senate.
none; and I am prepared to vote to have the army
recalled from the Pacific coast. The enormous
expense of sustaining it has no corresponding ben-
efit, either in California or Oregon. It is disorgan-
ized by the high prices following the discovery of |
gold. The soldiers had to be petted, or they ,
would desert, so that they were of no account at
all; and I protest against the expense of an army i
in California being set down as an item of appro-
priation for the benefit of that State.
Mr. WALKER. As the Senator has misun-
derstood me, or seems to have misunderstood me,
in regard to the source whence this money origin-
ates, I feel it my duty to myself and those from
whom the collection was received to explain. I
stated his position, and 1 askeft him to correct me
if 1 was incorrect. If he did not nod his assent, ,
he at least acquiesced by his silence in the correct-
ness of my statement. Then the money was de-
rived from an illegal source. Does that apply to
the officers ? Not at all; they were not the source.
The source is the illegal manner in which the mer-
chants were stripped of this money. I spoke of
the merchants, and not of the officers.
Mr. GWIN. Those merchants never would ;
have paid the money unless they were forced to \
do it. |
Mr. W ALKER. That is what I am coming <
to: that is the source.
Mr. GWIN. I want it distinctly understood
that the people of California paid this money to
the merchants; that the merchants added to the i
price of their goods the price paid for duties. If j
the goods would cost a dollar without the duties,
and the .duties were half a dollar, they made the
price a dollar and a half, with, a profit on that, to
the consumers; and it is only a matter of justice
that it should go back to the people.
Mr. WALKER. I understand the argument
of the honorable Senator. But my argument was,
that if the act of getting the money from this ille-
gal, corrupt, impure source should not be legalized
for the purpose of putting die money into the
general Treasury, it should not be legalized for
the purpose of putting it into the treasury of Cal-
ifornia. That is what I said. I neither charged
the officers nor the people of California with cor-
ruption. Now, I should like to know if the Sen-
ator feels any disposition to say that this state-
ment is untrue?
Mr. GWIN. I said in the beginning that if the
Senator attributed to me no charge of corruption
in the collection of this money 
The PRESIDENT. The Chair cannot permit
Senators to be interrupted.
Mr. GWIN. Very well. It was only in an-
swer to a question.
Mr. WALKER. It may as well be said now,
for it bears upon the subject.
Mr. GWIN. After what the Senator has said,
I have nothing further to say.
Mr. WALKER. I then understand that the
Senator did not understand me as attributing any
corruption to the officers who received the money.
Mr. GWIN. Of course not.
Mr. WALKER. What I want to say now is,
that if this money is paid to California, it should
not be paid to her in her corporate or political
capacity. In that capacity she has not paid one
dollar, and when she gets it, it would not be re-
turned to those who paid it. The Senatorfrom Cali-
fornia does not reach the object which he says he
desires. According to the proposition of the Sen-
ator, it is to be paid for the benefit of the govern-
ment there, and it is proposed to legalize this act,
not for the purpose of paying the money into the
Treasury of the United States, but for the benefit
of California. We legalize it in one way as well
as the other, and if this money has been paid
either by the merchants or the people, I see no
reason why the State of California in her corpo-
rate capacity shall be the recipient and not the
United States, that it may be used for the benefit
of the people of California as well as the people of
the other States.
Mr. PEARCE. I am asked by the Senator
from California to point out the section which
shows that these goods were landed illegally. I
will read what the law is on that subject, as found
in the eighteenth section of the act of 1799. There
is an error in the printed law; I will read it as it
should be:
" Jnd be U further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to
make entry ot' any ship or vessel which shall arrive from
any port or place within the United States, or of the cargo
on board such ship or vessel, elsewhere than at one of the
ports of entry hereinbefore established, nor to unlade the
said cargo, or any part thereof, elsewhere than at one of
the ports of delivery herein established."
That is the general principle'of the law, and va-
rious sections of the same act show the effect of
this general provision to be as I have stated; such
as the provisions for weighing, gauging, and meas-
uring, &c.
I am one of those who think that the revenue
laws of the United States extend to any newly-ac-
quired territory propria vigort. I know it seems
to be regarded otnerwise by some. I know that
we passed, an act in 1849, by which we de-
clared in express terms that the revenue laws
should be extended to California; but it has not
always been so done. Witn regard to Texas, we
were satisfied with passing an act which estab-
lished a collection district in that State, but did not
extend the revenue laws to it, I suppose, because
these laws were supposed to extend over it proprio
vigort. But from abundant caution we passed an
act in 1849, in which we provided that the revenue
laws should be extended to California. The pre-
cedents have, therefore, been both ways. Upon
the whole, I have no doubt that the act of 1799
would have made the delivery of goods in Califor-
nia illegal, except at a port of entry.
Mr. GWIN. I would ask the Senator if there
were not collection districts in existence covering
every foot of the United States where the ships
could land.' .
Mr. PEARCE. They were established by this
same act; but no one can doubt that if the whole
country had not been included in these districts,
the introduction of foreign goods into the regions
not within a collection district would have been
illegal.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. The question
which the Senator from California put seems to
imply a misapprehension. A collection district
applies only to the waters, it does not affect the
interior atfall, except where we bound upon foreign
territory. But I find, on looking at the law, which
is now before me, that on or after the 10th of
March, 1849, by an act of Congress, the revenue
laws of the United States were in terms extended
over this very territory. The claim to revenue
after that date fails altogether, as from that time
there can be no question that the revenue laws
were in full force there. But I do, not believe that
the extension of the laws over the territory was
viewed as essential by the Senate to carry them
there. My own belief is that the prevailing, and
perhaps the unanimous opinion in the Senate,
when the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo was under
discussion, was that the ratification of that treaty
would carry the Constitution over that territory
as part of the territory of the United States; that
the moment the treaty was a complete arid a bind-
ing contract, the Constitution proprio vigort covered
the acquired territory, and carried the laws of the
United States with it, and among them the revenue
laws. This point was largely discussed in the
Senate, and this I believe to be the prevailing
opinion. If this be a sound view of the effect of
the treaty, the laws have been in force from the
time of the ratification, and goods imported have
been subject to duties; and if they could be seized
here, as they could, they were equally liable to
seizure there. The only obstacle to this was that
there were no custom-house, officers. This fact,
however, did not make an attempt to unlade the
cargo less unlawful. If it were not so, what an
extraordinary position we should be in. A ship
arrives at New York, enters, and pays the duties
there. She then takes the same goods to Califor-
nia, or any other part of the United States, and
when she enters there she is entitled to make entry
and to unlade without paying any duty; she is
then engaged in the coasting trade. California is
a part ana parcel of the territory of the United
States, and, being a portion of the United States,
a vessel which arrives there is treated as a coasting
vessel, notwithstanding she makes a very long
voyage to get there. Then the state of the case is
this, that a vessel pays no duties, because she has
already paid them here. This applies to a very
large portion of the trade. According to the view
of the Senator from California, a vessel arriving
at San Francisco from England or France is put
upon a more favorable position than a vessel from
another portion of the United States. A vessel
arriving from a foreign country is to be subjected
to the payment of no duties, while a vessel from
another part of the United States arriving in Cali-
fornia is to be subjected to the payment of a duty,
; for she carries no foreign goods that have not paid
. duty. That is the result to which it all tends, and
: such a state of things violates the provision of the
Constitution which requires that duties be .uni-
form.
I do not think the law is chargeable with any-
thing quite so preposterous as that. The laws
and the Constitution extended tothatcountry and
embraced it, and on the adoption of the treaty be-
came the law of the land. The laws, then, may
be considered as extending to and comprehending
that country. If they do, the laws in relation to
the revenue and importation of goods are in force
there. The Senator says, what is very true, that
. the country was not organized into a collection
! district, and not being thus organized, the execu-
: tion of the revenue laws by the military officers is
i an unlawful act. That, strictly speaking, is cor-
| rect. Can a vessel enter and unlade her goods
( there? Not without violating the laws of the
, country; it is impossible; the fact that we had no
, custom-house officers there cannot give such a
right. How, then, does she getpermission while
the law forbids her unlading ? By the indulgence
of the government, the military government, the
only authority established there, she was permit*
ted, because there were no custom-houses there, to
unlade goods, upon this condition, that she should
pay the duties exactly as in other ports of the
United States.
Now, what are we called upon to do? To say
' whether we will confirm these acts of the officers
placed in power there, although not specially au-
thorized to exercise this power of custom-house
officers by act of Congress; yet, having done it,
the question is, will you confirm the act? Th*t
is the whole question. With regard to a ques-
tion so plain as that, I do not think we need hes-
itate.
Mr. GWIN. I want to ask the Senator from
Massachusetts if Commodore Jones had fired
into these merchant ships and sunk them, where
was the authority for it?
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I do not
think it is necessary to settle this question, or to
decide upon the powers vested in a naval officer.
But this I say, that if a person sent goods there
and landed them, he would have violated the laws
of the United States if this were attempted with-
out a.permit; and if it were done I have no doubt
a remedy would be found for the violation of the
law.
Mr. GWIN. Commodore Jones says:
do t
Commander and Military Governor of Unp
Mr. Edward H- Harrison, as collector of the customs at the
port of San Francisco, and that I will employ the force un-
der ray command, when called on by (he collector, or when
I may otherwise find it necessary, to enforce the revenue
laws of the United States at every point of the coast of Cal-
j ifornia ceded to the United States by the treaty of pcace
I and limits with Mexico, ratified and exchanged in Quere-
, taro, in Mexico, on the 30th day of May, 1848."
| What does he mean by " enforce ?" He means
to sink the ships if necessary. But where is the
i law to punish the men for bringing in the goods ?
' and where are the officers to execute it ? I deny
that there is any.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I will put a
question to the Senator from California: Suppose
the military officers of the Government h«d robbed
these men, what right has California to the plun-
der?
Mr. GWIN. The merchants did not suffer by
it; it was the people, the commerce of California
that paid; but it was. done in violation of the laws
of the country. There was an assumption of
power by thp officers of this country who had no
right to assume it, and it was a dangerous pre-
cedent. 
Mr. EWING. I am one of those who have
been of the opinion, that the Constitution of our
country was propria vigort extended to the newly-
acquired territories as soon as they were in fact
acquired, and that as a matter of course all the
general laws of the^puxjtry, which ia their nature
