1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
683
31 st Cong 2d Sess. Military Contributions in California—Messrs. Pearce, Ewing, fyc.
Senate.
Mr. PEARCE. I beg to state to theSenate the
action of the Committee on Finance in relation to
this matter. A bill was introduced at the last ses-
sion of Congress which proposed to give to Cali-
fornia the whole of what was called the civil fund,
that is to say, $1,500,000, which was collected at
San Francisco. The committee were not disposed
to report any bill giving that sum of money to
California, especially considering the ground on
which it was urged; but they considered tliat, in-
asmuch as the Government of the United States
had not provided a territorial government for Cal-
ifornia for the period between the peace with Mex-
ico and its admission into theUnion,and inasmuch
as we had been in the habit of maintaining terri-
torial governments in all the Territories, and fur-
nishing money to erect public buildings, and to
purchase libraries, and for other purposes, Cali-
fornia should not, by reason of having been in this
anomalous condition for some two years, suffer
any loss; that she should have in some way or
other the benefit she would have received if she
had gone through the territorial probation; and the
committee, looking at the appropriations made for
other Territories, and making liberal allowances
for the greater rates of expense on the Pacific,
came to the conclusion that if they paid $300,000
in addition to the $175,000 which were paid for
the expenses of the constitutional convention, it
would accomplish all these purposes. It was im-
possible for us^to ascertain precisely what were
the expenditures of the Government of California
up to the time of her admission into the Union;
and if we had known the gross amount it would
have been impossible to know how many of the
objects of expenditure this Government would be
willing to sanction. We were obliged to make a
conjectural estimate in some degree. That esti-
mate was $300,000, besides the $175,000, which
was thought to be as liberal as we could recom-
mend.
Mr. EWING. The action of the committee is
in a great measure explained by the Senator from
Maryland. There were several facts, however,
that entered into the conclusion to which we came
upon the subject. It is to be recollected that Cali-
fornia had no territorial government. We did not
extend our land system over her. There did not
go on, prior to her coming into the Union, the or-
dinary sales of the public lands. There was, in
fact, very little property which became private and
individual) and could be subject to taxation at the
time California became a State. Hence, notwith-
standing her great mineral wealth, she was in a
'great measure destitute of those resources which
other States have had when they came into the
Union. There was a very large population thrown
there, not a permanent, but a transient population,
the most difficult of all to govern, and consequently
the gcivernmentwas very expensive. That float-
ing population had no visible property, and con-
tributed little or nothing to raise a revenue out of
which the government should be supported, and
they did not and have not become permanent in-
habitants. Hence the comparatively few perma-
nent inhabitants have had and will have to support
the government at a very heavy expense, bearing
very hard on the small amount of fixed private
property. Taking these things into account; ta- <
king into account the exceedingly high prices upon j
everything; the high prices for the labor and ser- ,
vice of every individual; taking into account also j
the fact that no territorial government was formed i
there to discipline the people for self-government, j
the committee thought we would not, by the ap- '
propriation of this $300,000, place California in a
better position than we had habitually placed other
Territories on their coming as States into the Union.
These were the grounds on which the committee ,
made the report, and I am ready to stand by them, 1
because I think them just, and I will vote for the
measure precisely as it came from the committee. !
Mr. GWIN. I will modify my amendment as
follows: j
"That of the moneys collected in the parts now embraced |
within the limits of the State of California a9 duty upon for- j
eign merchandise, the sum of $300,000 shall be paid for the '
expenses of the State government."
Mr. BORLAND. I shall vote against this
amendment. I think the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Chase] has correctly stated the principle which
should govern ui in all such questions. He takes
the position that Congress has not the power to
take money out of the general Treasury, no mat-
ter from what source collected, and make a dona-
tion of it to any State. This seems to me to be a
position so plain, so obviously sound, as to need
no argument in support of it. With my views of
| the constitutional powers of this Government, the
soundness of the position is to my mind self-evi-
dent. The amendment proposes to take this large
sum of money out of the Treasury and give it to
California. There is nothing in the circumstances
of the case which removes it beyond the applica-
tion of the principle I have mentioned.
I was opposed to the admission of California
into the Union. But, whatever may have been my
feelings in respect to her exclusion of slavery, my
, opposition was not based upon that provision of
I her constitution. Apart from that, there were
several reasons why I thought she ought not to be
' admitted; and among them, and a sufficient one in
my estimation, washer want of preparation to oc-
cupy the place and perform the functions of a sov-
e-eign State. This opinion I entertained and ex-
i pressed at the time she applied for admission. I
thought the facts then before us fully sustained
that opinion. But had there been room for doubt
then, surely there is none now. This very prop-
osition is, I think, conclusive upon the point. Her
representative upon this floor comes forward and
' declares the fact—not in so many words, itis true,
] but in the provisions of his amendment, which
give, to her, in money, the means of paying the
: expenses of her State government. It is, to my .
mind, the plainest, the most direct, the most em-
phatic declaration, from her own lips, that she did (
gain admission before she was prepared for it, and*
lias not now the means of sustaining her own ex-
istence. Upon this ground alone—upon testimony
borne by herself—upon her own voluntary confes-
sion of the truth, my opposition to her admission
is now fully justified. .
| If I might exemplify my view of the former and
i present positions of California, (of her demand for
' admission into the Union, and her present applica-
tion for money to support herself upon,) I would
liken her to some forward girl of fifteen, who,
fancying herself fit for a wife, has disregarded the
opposition of many of her older sisters, and com- i
mitted matrimony with some stripling, equally
i forward and immature with herself; and finding
j, now, since the indiscretion has been consummated,
J j that neither she nor her hopeful spouse (Master
[j State-government) has the means of subsistence,
IJ comes back to those same sisters, whose admoni-
!i tion she had disregarded, and demands that they
j shall give them both the means of living—bear the
|! double burden of their joint support! Now, sir,
,' as one of those who made opposition to this im- j
,i provident marriage—as one of those who gave
I this admonition, which the result has shown to
have been so well founded, I am unwilling to bear
!; the heavy burden which a disregard of it has
brought back, and now proposes to saddle upon i|
I our shoulders. Or, if I could, by possibility, be
' induced to forgive and relieve this erring sister, it
j could be only upon condition that she cast off the
' incumbrance of her incompetent liege, and make !
full and repentant confession of the impropriety !|
1 she had committed.
Mr. GWIN. This is not an imputation .on
California that she is not able to sustain her State
government. She is able; and nothing would ,
induce me to expect this but a firm conviction that
she is entitled to the whole of it. I am not one of
that class of politicians who will not take a part of
what we are entitled to because we cannot get all.
We are perfectly able to sustain the State govern-
j ment. I conceive the whole amount to be due to
California, and without any instructions, probably
j against the views and wishes of the State, who
may want all or none, I take the responsibility of
agreeing with the proposition of the Committee
on Finance, so as to get this amount of money,
which I conceive to be a part of what is due to
her.
Mr. BORLAND. Then I understand each Sen-
ator who advocates this amendment to do so for a
different reason. The Senator from California
denies that she needs it for her support, but asks
its adoption as a matter of right—demands the
amount of money as so much actually due to his
State. On that ground the Senate cannot give it. it
Only a few moments since, we solemnly decided
that there was no such right on the part of Cali-
fornia; that we did not owe it to her as a debt,
| and would not pay it. Other Senators, admitting
j that we do not owe it as a debt, yet are in favor of
] making the donation upon the ground of charity,
' saying that as California is unable to support her
State government without this help, they are will-
ing to give it to her. The Senator from Tennes-
; see [Mr. Bell] said, in addition to this, that in
making such a donation we should be dealing with
California only as we have dealt with the other
new States; that we have invariably supplied the
means of support to them while in the territorial
condition. In this I think the Senator somewhat
mistaken. Supposing him to be strictly correct
i in the statement that we have paid the expenses of
I all our territorial governments, (though in that, I
think, he will hardly find himself sustained by the
I facts—certainly not to the extent of paying the
expenses of the conventions which formed the new
] State governments,) how stands the case with Cal-
ifornia? Sir, she never had a territorial govern-
ment—not even a territorial organization. And
, yet we have already paid her more than to any
; other new State or Territory. Did we not pay
the expenses of the convention which framed the
j constitution with which we admitted her into the
I Union? expenses which amounted to more than
j $100,000? I may be misinformed, but I under-
J stand we have also paid the expenses of her first
State Legislature.
Mr. GWIN. Oh, no.
Mr. BORLAND. I may have been misin-
formed as to this, but I am not as to the conven-
tion. That expense—and a heavy one it was—
we did pay. On the score of equality, then, with
the other new States, California has nothing to
complain of—nothing to demand.
The Senate have decided that this is no debt due
to California; that she cannot claim it as a right.
Her Senator has just declared to you that she does
, not need it for support, nor desires it as a gra-
| tuity. The history of our legislation shows that,
i upon the score of equality with other States, she
has been dealt with not only fairly, but liberally.
Upon what ground, then, can this money be given
i to her ? I can see none. I shall, therefore, be
compelled to vote against the proposition, and upon
the decision of the question I ask the yeas and
nays.
Mr. CASS. From the time that California was
' possessed by the United States until she was ad-
mitted into the Union, with the exception of the
[ payment of the expenses of the convention, we
utterly neglected our duty as the paramount Gov-
ernment. We used her for no other purpose but
i for that of taxation. We gave her nothing for
the money that we now claim. We used her as
we have used no other Territory. As has been
correctly stated by the Senator from Tennessee,
[Mr. Bell,] for more than twenty-five years all
expenses of the administration of territorial gov-
ernments have been defrayed by the United States.
Now, upon a mere arithmetical calculation, she is
entitled to a large sum from us, and are wegoing
to hold out the picture of having kept California
in the condition in which she was for three years,
for the mere purpose of taxation ?
The PRESIDENT. The Senator will suspend
his remarks for the reception of a message.
Mr. CASS. That is about all I have to say.
[Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The Senator
from Michigan says we hive held the Territory
of California for no other purpose than taxation.
Pray, whom did we tax ? What population was
there to tax ?
Mr. CASS. Every person that consumed an
ounce of goods.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Every person
that consumed an ounce of goods. And whose
land were they on ? and with whose gold did they
pay for the goods ? They were trespassers upon
the public domain. There is a law on the statute
book which required their removal, and the law
might have been executed as in other instances.
But the Senator from Michigan claims that we
are indebted to the people of California. If so,
let the debt be proven. Bring in the itemsand the
amount, and let us see them. Indebted to them !
For what? Because they chose, without the
