5284
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 25,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Military Contributions in California—Mr. Cass, &fc.
Senate.
authority of the Government of the United States,
upon the common territory of the States, to erect
a government, to incur expenses in the support of
that government, and then come and require that
those expenses should be paid by those who gave
them no authority to do the act. Sir, it is strange
reasoning. It was a violation of the authority of
the United States, both in its inception and in its
progress. What right had they then to demand
that we should bear their expenses? Sir, I con-
sider it an outrage that the funds of the United
States were paid to defray the expenses of that
convention that assembled and claimed the exer-
cise of sovereign power over the territory of the
United States. Claim this as a debt from the
United States, when they chose to assemble, un-
authorized by the Government of the ■ United
States, and do certain things, no matter what!
They assembled at their own volition, did what
they pleased, did what a portion of us at least dis-
approved, and then they demand payment for the
expenses incurred in violating, as I consider it,
the rights of a portion and the obligation to all
the States.
Mr. CASS. The honorable Senator from Mis
whole harvest, untaxed, and without payment to
the United States of one cent for the seizure of our
valuable mines, have very little claim upon us.
Having trespassed upon the public land, having /
possessed themselves of its hidden treasures, hav-
ing enjoyed all the benefits they could derive from
their possession, I do not see whence the gentle-
man derives his authority for saying that it is the
duty of the United States to pay them money for
that which they did in violation of law. He
might as well have asked me if I was going to lay
a tax upon the gold—a proposition I could answer
if I pleased, but which, like the other, not having
been made, I do not choose to discuss.
Mr. CASS. I will detain the Senate but a mo-
ment. The Senator from Mississippi misunder-
stands me, much as he supposes I misunderstand
him. These people go upon the public land; they
form a great community. The Senator from Mis-
sissippi says they are trespassers.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Are they not in
law ?
Mr. CASS. I agree that they are in strict law,
but no such community was ever prosecuted. The
law is a dead letter upon the statute-book; and I
sissippi says that they were trespassers on the | say that trespassers want a government as much
public domain, thus violating the statute book. 1 as anybody. The hundred thousand men who
Let me ask him, where is the State in this Union j
in which the people were not trespassers? I ;
crossed the Ohio river and went to the Northwest- j
em Territory when there was notanacre for sale.
And now, when that practice has continued for !
fifty years, (and 1 see gentlemen around me who i
know it as well as I do,) are we going to make
California an exception, and institute suits against
went to California had as much right to have a
government as any other. They could not do
without it. The government was not necessary
to them as trespassers, but as American citizens,
living upon their own land or the public domain.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I have only to
say to the Senator from Michigan [Mr. Cass] that,
until I make the proposition to prevent people,
every man, woman, and child there because they P who may find themselves assembled upon the pub-
* Ttr i i n • . ■ I • _ 1: ~ 1 - M J« f* «v\ r] Trt vrv\ inn> Ml A A s*n
are trespassers ? What kind of impartial justice
would that be? In other States, thousands upon
thousands have settled upon the public land be-
fore they owned it. The laws have allowed it;
and, still further, you have given your legislative
sanction more than fifty times in confirmation with
the laws, to secure to these trespassers the lands
which they had gone upon and enjoyed.
The honorable Senator from Mississippi says
further, that these people went on in violation of
all rights to establish a government. I am not
going to argue with the honorable Senator, nor
with any other Senator who contends that one
hundred thousand men on the shores of the Pa-
cific, without law and without authority, have no
right to come together and establish a government
over themselves. They did establish a govern-
ment which was necessary. For two or three
years we neglected the duty we ought to have per-
formed. We kept the money we ought to have
expended for her, and, I repeat again, all we did
for them was to tax them. |
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The Senator i
makes a new argument. He takes a totally new |
position, and he endeavors to put me in a position [
which I did not assume. He puts me in an atti- ;
tude of saying that suits should be instituted against i
the trespassers. Let him recollect that I referred j
to the fact of their being trespassers in answer to j
the proposition to pay the money. I said nothing
lie lands, from establishing and forming the neces-
sary government for themselves, I do not feel my-
self called upon to argue the question. The only
question at issue is, whether a people so finding
themselves—without government—so collected
upon territories of the United States, where they
have been permitted to organize a government,
shall then be paid out of the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States for the labor of organizing this govern-
ment for themselves. That is the only question
at issue. I am not to be drawn away from the
true issue into a discussion on the general ques-
tion as to whether they can organizea government
or not. That is no part of the proposition before
us. It is whether you will pay them for doing acts
against the authority of law, without the consent
of the Government of the United States, and for
their own benefit merely.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I shall vote for this amend-
ment upon the ground that I think we ought not
to have collected taxes from these people until we
had extended to them the protection of our laws
and of this Government. Whether they were
trespassers upon the public land or not, I do not
consider pertinent to the inquiry. Doubtless some
of them were. Many of them were not. It will
hardly be said that the old Spanish population—
the individuals in California who had held their
titles for fifty or one hundred years, and who
parted with a portion of their lands to new settlers
about instituting a suit against them. I stated the ! who came and raised up large towns and cities
P •  .7  1 *_  !i.' i _  1  tUat tkat nArtiftn rtf
fact in connection with his proposition to pay
them money for doing that which they had no au-
thority to do, which they did in violation of the
laws of the United States. That is the position I
took.
If I chose, I could go into an argument upon
squatter sovereignty; but I think we have had all
the argument heretofore upon that subject that is
called for. I have therefore no admission to re-
turn to the honorable Senator for the argument he
has entered into with me now. It is his own
proposition. 1 referred to his other proposition,
and mentioned the fact that there was a law which
might have been put in force against them as tres-
passers, to show why this claim did not constitute
a debt against the United States. As to those
who have gone upon the public domain and re-
ceived the benefit of the preemption laws, if they
have all gone in 'violation of law, they have been
required to pay for the land. I do not now pro-
pose to enforce the law to remove trespassers;
but I do say, when we have gold mines upon the
coast of the Pacific which are ours, and not the
upon their private property, that that portion of
the population of California were trespassers upon
the public lands. I do not, however, deem that
pertinent to this question. The simple proposition
is this: There was a large body of American citi-
zens within the territory of the United States. It
was our duty to extend laws to them, and give
them a government for their protection. We did
not do so. We left them to establish their own
government, pay the expenses of that govern-
ment, and at the same time we collected monev
from them to bring to the Treasury here. I hold
that we should not have taxed them unless we
protected them by our laws, as we did other citi-
zens of the United States. Upon this principle, if
a proposition were distinctly made, I should be
compelled to vote to California every dollar of the
money that, was collected from her citizens prior
to her admission into the Union as a State. I
hold that we had no right to collect taxes from
them when we furnished them no protection. The
duties and obligations of citizens are reciprocal.
While they are bound to pay taxes for the sup-
Vl niu i aviuL mm u aic uuiaj auu uui nn.    v    _  i
property of those who first might seize them, that )„ port of the Government, they are entitled to pro-
those who take possession of them and reap the i tection in exchange. And shall we collect from
them the money for the purposes of the Govern-
ment, and deprive them of all the corresponding
advantages that the extension of our laws to them
would have given them? I hold that it would be
a violation of one of the most sacred principles of
this Government, and for that reason I shall vote
to remit the money to them.
Mr. BUTLER. If I had not become familiar
with extraordinary procedures in relation to Cali-
fornia, I should regard this as an astonishing
proposition. But I am so far reconciled in the
history of California, seeing the Constitution of
the United States and all the precedents heretofore
observed by way of security for the admission of
new States into the Union departed from, that I
am astonished at nothing at all, or at any propo-
sition that may emanate from that quarter. But,
sir, I characterize this as nothing more nor less
than an attempt to award this money to California
for a successful usurpation, and making an irrep-
arable breach in the Constitution of the United
States. Why did we not give her a territorial gov-
ernment? When gentlemen are disposed to com-
pensate her for advantages which she might have
had as a territorial government, let them answer,
at whose door was the fault that there was no
territorial government. Sir, it would have been
better to have given that government, with
$5,000,000, than to have admitted her in the mode
we did, by dispensing with and superseding the
Constitution, and disregarding all the precedents
relating to the subject. And California comes
now and claims $300,000. For what? For coming
into the Union differently from any other State
I that ever has come in, and because she chose to
dispense with a territorial government. I grant
that government should have been extended to her,
and the money would have been nothing to me.
i The section of the country from which I come would
have been reconciled to that; but we were treated
with scorn and contempt throughout the whole
controversy, upon the ground that was assumed
—that they were strong enough to bear us down;
and now there is a proposition to give $300,000 as
a triumph for those who thus trampled upon the
Constitution of the country.
I have no individual feelings against anybody
concerned in California. It is against the political
movement, it is against its consequences, that I
rise; and I am glad that I can rise upon this occa-
sion to sav what I have said in relation to this
matter. I have said no more than I have hereto-
fore said. But this is to compensate her because
she had no territorial government. She cou'd^
have had it if the country had done its duty, and
I would not have regarded the amount of money.
I recollect the Senator from Kentucky once ob-
served that California came into the Union as a
successful belle, turning up her nose at her sisters.
I have heard of a country merrymaking which
may illustrate this, in which the country lasses
were enjoying themselves in a rustic dance. They
were dressed in the homespun of their country,
with no other bands than such as were woven from
their own wheels. A lady, more ambitiously
dressed, with what was called "store truck,"
made her appearance with a beau still more ambi-
tious than her. She sat for some time unattended
to; but her beau, becoming somewhat impatient,
cried aloud, " ladies and gentlemen, give way, and
let fiouncetail take the floor." A modest damsel
replied, " if fiouncetail dances, she must dance as
the rest of us do." [Laughter.]
Mr. RUSK. I hope that we shall have a vote
upon this subject. I do not rise for the purpose
of entering into the discussion, but to suggest that
there are two or three bills on the table which it is
desirable should be acted upon this afternoon, and
it is already near fouro'clock. It is necessary that
we should also, this evening, before an adjourn-
ment, have an executive session. I do hope we
will act upon this bill. If we are not prepared
to do so, I shall feel myself under the necessity of
moving to postpone it.
Mr. GWIN. I shall not continue this discus-
sion. I shall not reply to the Senator from South
i Carolina about the unconstitutionality of the ad-
mission of California into the Union. And in
in regard to the fact that we claim this as a pay-
ment, I have already explained the position I oc-
I cupy on that subject. I conceive it is a matter of
right that this money should be paid to California,
