1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
887
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Removals from Office—Mr. Mangurn.
Senate.
the amendment will embarrass his case and the
bill also.
Mr. GWIN. I wish to have a vote at least.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I think the ex-
ception made by the Senator from California is
quite just, because it applies to an officer different-
ly situated from any other officer, upon whom
very extraordinary expense was devolved on ac-
count of the position in which he was placed by
his own Government. I do not think that the i
allowance of two per cent, collected in the harbor
of San Francisco will cover the whole expense ,
incurred by General Riley. 1 think it is a proper .
exception, and that no one else will have the right
to claim the advantage of that rule, because others
were differently "situated. All others wefe gov-
ernors of some,town. But this officer was the
governor of a Territory, and on him devolved the
duty of collecting this revenue. I do think the
exception is right.
Mr. RUSK. I do not object to the allowance,
and I will vote for it in a different bill at any time.
But this will only affect him injuriously. I think
the claims of General Riley stand on very high
grounds, and I am prepared to concur in granting '
him extraordinary compensation for his extraor-
dinary labors; and for that reason I ask the Sen-
ator to withdraw his motion. ,
Mr. PEARCE. If the proviso be striken out,
it will operate against General Riley. By the :
allowance of two per cent., as the bill provides, j
he might receive £10,000 over and above his sal-
ary. I think the bill should be allowed to stand,
and hereafter we mav make such allowance to
General Riley as we think proper.
The motion to strike out the proviso was not
agreed to.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and
the question taken on the several amendments to-
gether, and they were agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
REMOVALS FROM OFFICE.
SPEECH OF MR. MANGUM,
OF NORTH CAROLINA,
In Senate, Monday, January 6, 1851,
On Mr. Bradbury's resolution in relation to Re-
movals from Office.
Mr. MANGUM said:
Mr. President: This resolution was introduced
originally, I think, more than twelve months ago,
anil has given rise to much debate. For myself, I
do not hesitate to say, that I have never held in
much respect these mere partisan discussions. I
have, however, unfortunately and inadvertently
become slightly connected with this question—so
much so as to render it necessary for me to ad-
dress the Senate. I regret this, for a few days ago
I was so unfortunate as to meet a sad accident,
which has caused me much physical suffering. If
I did not feel myself obliged to be here, I should at
this moment be in my bed. An issue of fact was
made upon a few remarks which, without premed-
itation, I made the other day; and I deem it due
to myself and the fairness with which I endeavor
always to act towards others, to show that the re-
marks I then made, upon general impressions, are
fully and thoroughly sustained by the highest and
most incontrovertible proof.
I hope I shall not be tedious, for I shall condense
the information which I propose to lay before the
Senate and the country as far as is consistent with
its documentary character.
I said, the other day, when I took occasion to
make a very few remarks, that General Taylor, in
his official communication to the War Department
in reference to the second Indiana regiment at the
battle of Buena Vista, had done nothing more
than was absolutely his duty; that he could not
have done less; that all he communicated was
based on information which was given to him by
his subordinate officers; and that it was exactly in
accordance with that information, except where
anything like reprehension was necessary, which
lie employed much more gently than his subor-
dinates. That was my first proposition. The
other was, that General Taylor owed it to hinself,
to a proper degree of official respect, and to the
respect due to his friends, to remove any man from j
so nigh and responsible a position as that occu"
pied by General Lane, who had, as I alleged, im- j
der the impressions I then entertained, impeached ij
not only his fairness but his veracity. I held that |
this constituted cause enough, without reference to j
any diversity of political opinions, or any question I
touching his competency or ability to discharge j!
the duties of the office to which he had been ap-
pointed. J regard this as true, that there is no
office of that grade in the gift of the Executive of '
the United States which may not be filled with as
much ability as is possessed by General Lane, by ;
hundreds of men in the Union, who would as sat-
isfactorily discharge all the duties required of
them. That being the case, if an individual in
such an office shall assail the honor, the fairness,
the integrity, and the veracity of the Chief Execu-
tive Magistrate of this Union, he ought to be put i
aside. Ft is due to the respect for that majority !
who put him in the place that such an officer j
should be removed, and another man put in his j
place qualified to discharge all the duties of the
office j
These are the two points that I have to maintain, j
I shall detain the Senate as little time as possible in
making them out. But in doing so it becomes ne-
cessary, at the beginning, to see what report Gen-
eral Taylor made to the War Department.
I will read from General Taylor's official report
of the battle of Buena Vista, dated March 6,1847.
It is to be found in executive document No. 8, of ;
the first session of the 30th Congress. In speak-
ing of the second Indiana regiment, he said:
" In order to bring his men within effective range, Gen-
eral Lane ordered the artillery and second Indiana regiment
forward. The artillery advanced within musket range of
a heavy body of Mexican infantry, and was served against
it with great effect, but without being able to check its ad-
vance. The infantry ordered to its support had fallen back
ill disorder.1'
I call the attention of the Senate to this word
ordered, for a criticism has been made upon that,
and General Taylor has been charged with unfair-
ness because he put that word into his report:
" The infantry ordered to its support had fallen back in
disorder, being exposed, an well as the battery, not only to a
severe fire of small-arms from the front, but also to a mur-
derous cross fire of grape and canister from a Mexican bat-
tery on the left. Captain O'Brien found it impossible to
retain his position without support, but was only able to
withdraw two of his pieces, all Uie horses and cannoneers
of the third piece being kiltal or disabled. The second In-
diana regiment, which had fallen back as stated, could not
be rallied, and took no further part in the action, except a
handful of men, who, under its gallant colonel, Bowles,
joined the Mississippi regiment, and did good service, and
1 those fugitives who, at a later period in the day, assisted in
defending the train and depot at Buena Vista."
| The leading facts here stated in relation to the
second Indiana regiment areas follows, to wit:
I First: That General Lane ordered the regiment
I forward. r ,
| Second: That it failed to obey the orders and
; fell back in confusion.
| Third: That it was exposed to severe fire of
I small-arms from the front, and a murderous cross-
! fire of grape and canister from a Mexican battery
J on the left.
| Fourth: That the regiment could not be again-
1 rallied, and, as a regimen/, took no further part in
the action. .
1 Fifth: That a handful of men joined the Missis-
sippi regiment and did good service.
j Sixth: That a portion of the fugitives, at a later
i period in the day, assisted in defending the train
! and depot at Buena Vista.
General Taylor of course based these state-
ments upon the facts communicated to him in the
reports of his inferior officers. We will see whether,
from the opinions laid before him by the subordi-
nate officers, he was not warranted in the use of
; this language. He could neither have said more
! nor less. And first I will read from the report of
General Lane himself—the gentleman who has
called in question the veracity of the late President
! of the United States.
i General Lane's report of the conduct of his
I command is dated February 25, 1847—the third
i day after the battle.
After speaking of his having put his columns
in motion to meet the enemy, and his artillery
under Lieutenant O'Brien, as well as the infantry,
having returned the fire of the enemy in a most
i gallant manner for some time, he states that he
found himself so far from the enemy that his
muskets would not take that deadly effect which
he desired, and that he directed O'Brien to place
his battery in a more advanced position, with the
determination of advancing his whole line. He
proceeds:
" By this time the enemy's fire of musketry, and the
raking fire of ball and grape-shot of their battery posted on
my left flank, had become terrible, and my infantry, instead
of advancing as wasordored, I regret to say, retired in some
disorder from their position, notwithstanding my own and
the severe efforts of my officers to prevent them."
I desire to call the attention of the Senate to the
fact that General Lane jays his infantry refused to
advance, as they were " ordered," because, as the
sequel will show, a great deal turns on that word
" ordered."
General Lane again, speaking of the second re-
giment, says:
" A few of them, I regret to say, did not return to the
field at all. By this apparent success, the enemy was
much elated, and poured down on the side of the mountain,
on the extreme letl of the field, their thousands of infantry
and lancers, and formed themselves in good order along the
mountain fronting perpendicularly to where our lines had
been posted. At this critical juncture, the Mississippi re-
giment, under the command of Colonel Davis, arrived on
, the field, and being joined by a part of tlie^econd Indiana,
met the enemy in a most gallant style, and, after a severe
and bloody engagement, repulsed them with great loss."
' Again: .
" This repulse discouraged the enemy, and the Mississip-
pi regiment and a part of the second Indiana, being joined
by the third Indiana regiment, &c.
Again:
I " The second regiment of my command, which opened
i the battle on the plain in such gallant style, deserves apass-
' ing remark. I shall attempt to make no apology for their
retreat, for it was their duty to stand or die, to the last man,
until they received orders to retire; but I desire to call your
attention to one fact connected with this affair."
This fact was, that they had fired twenty rounds
of cartridges before their retreat.
Again:
" Some excuse may be framed for those wbo retired for
a ft w minute*, and then Immediately rallied and fought du -
ring the day; but unless they hasten to retrieve their repu-
tation, disgrace must forever hang around the names of
| those who refused to return; and I regret to say there were
a few of those from nearly every volunteer corps engaged."
The facts here stated are as follows:
i First: That he ordered the regiment to advance.
Second: That it disobeyed his orders, and re-
; tired in some disorder from its position.
| Third: That he and his officers made " severe
■ j efforts " to prevent them from retreating, but with-
■ out effect.
Fourth: That after the retreat a part of the ragi-
'! ment fought well under Colonel Davis.
|1 Fifth: That he had no apology to make for their
: j retreat, although they were entitled to some credit
!j for having fired twenty rounds before they ran.
i Sixth: That some excuse may be formed for
'! the part who joined Col. Davis; but that disgrace
j j must forever hang around thos^ who refused to re-
| turn, and that these were composed of some from
nearly every corps.
Sir, it was no part of my purpose, when I made
the few remarks I did the other day, to offer any-
j i thing in the light of an impeachment against Gen-
! eral Lane, except that indiscretion which led him
1 j to assail the veracity of the President of the United
j States. I have no intention whatever to impeach
■ I the courage or the gallantry of the second Indiana
; regiment;' for I take it for granted that you can
scarcely form a regiment of the people of the Uni-
; ted States, if they ara well disciplined and well
trained and ably commanded, where their gallantry
; j will not be found unflinching in every instance.
! But I desire to confine myself strictly to the points
j < made by the honorable Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
I, Bright,] not now in his place. He took a dis-
1 tinct issue with me as to the fact that General
! Lane had at any time impeached the veracity or
called in question the fairness of the late President
of the United States. That is the point to which
, I wish to direct the attention of the Senate and
the country.
It will be seen that General Taylor's report
!• which I have read distinctly staUjj that but " a
handful" of these men reftrned to the fight under
their gallant colonel, Bowles; that the others had
retired, and did not come into the battle at all, but
' at a later period of the day did good service in de-
fending the depot at Buena Vista.
i Now, there ifl not a single fact stated by Gen-
