288
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 6,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Removals from Ojfice-
-Mr. Mangum.
Senate.
eral Taylor for which there is not full authority
in the report of General Lane. General Lane goes
further, in fact, than General Taylor; for he affixes
disgrace on a portion of the men forever, while
General Taylor employs no harsh language. But
General Taylor had also before him the report of
General Wool, to whom General Lane's report
was made. The report of General Wool was
made on March 4, 1847, one week after General
Lane's report had been made to him. He said:
" General Lane, agreeably to my orders, wishing to bring
his infantry within stnkingdistance, ordered his line to move
forward. This order was duly obeyed by Lieutenant
O'Brien. The infantry, however, instead of advancing,
retired in disorder, and, in spite of the utmost efforts of their
general and his officers, left the artillery unsupported, and
fled the field of battle. Some of them were rallied by Colo-
nel Bowles, who, with the fragment, fell in the ranks of
the Mississippi riflemen, anil during the day did good ser-
vice with that gallant regiment. I deeply regret to say that
most of them did not return to the field, and many of them
continued their flight to Saltillo."
General Taylor's report was made upon these
reports and the reports of other of his subordinate
officers. And I am indebted to the researches of
the honorable Senator from Indiana for an addi-
tional authority that this second Indiana regiment
was " ordered to advance when it gave way. In
his speech that honorable Senator cites the report
of Lieutenant O'Brien—the individual, perhaps,
who, above all others, was charged with the great-
est responsibility on the field of Buena Vista. He
says that the second Indiana regiment were ordered
to sustain his battery, but that they departed with-
out leave.
General Lane's first report was made on the
25th of February. He made a supplemental re-
port on the 3d March, 1847—another on the 5th
March, 1847; but in neither of these did he refer
to the second Indiana regiment, nor did he deny,
or explain in any way, the fact that they were
" ordered " to advance.
He made another supplemental report, however,
on the 24th March, 1847—nineteen days after Gen-
eral Taylor's report had been made—and by this re-
port he corrected what he called " a slight error "
in his report of the 25th—which was, that the
word ordered, in the extract quoted above, should
have been intended—so that it would have read—
"and my infantry, instead of advancing as I in-
tended," &c., instead of" and my infantry, instead
of advancing as ordered," &c.
It will be found that, in a publication which
General Lane made on the 26th of August, 1848,
he throws his darts with the adroitness of a Par-
thian. In that he bases the entire charge of un-
fairness against General Taylor on the idea that
the regiment was not "ordered" to advance, but
that it had been "intended" that it should advance.
And because General Taylor did not correct his
report to conform with this supplemental report of
General Lane, he is charged with unfairness.
But General Taylor transmitted these supplemental
reports to the War Department, and thus the regi-
ment has the benefit of them. And I defy the
production of a scintilla of proof that anything
which was officially communicated by General
Lane to General Taylor was not transmitted to the
files of the War Department. I have looked into
this matter, and I have found that General Taylor
transmitted these reports, but he did not correct
his own original report, because that was a con-
siderable distance on its way to Washington when
these supplemental reports of General Lane were
made. It was not in his possession, and he could
not correct it.
General Taylor transmitted them all, both ori-
ginal and supplemental—so that the second Indiana
regiment has the benefit of the change which Gen-
eral Lane desired to make by his last supplemental
report.
General Taylor is sustained in the report which
he made to the War Department by the lfcport of
General Lane himself. In fact, General Lane
used much stronger and much severer language
than General Taylor; for he spoke of those who
did not return to the action as having " disgraced"
themselves. General Taylor used no such harsh
language.
A great deal of difficulty has arisen from the fact
that none of the reports stated the number of troops
who rallied and fought under Colonel Davis. From
diligent inquiry, the highest estimate which I can
make is that thirty or forty did return. There is
nothing to controvert that belief but the finding of j
the court of inquiry, which was gotten up by Gen- !
eral Lane and Colonel Bowles. The court of in- j
Osays that from one hundred and fifty to two j
red men returned to the battle. From dili- ;
gent examination, I have not been able to ascer-
tain that any returned except those that returned
to the rifle regiment of Colonel Jefferson Davis.
There were perhaps twenty in one squad under
Colonel Bowles, and fifteen or eighteen Scattered
through that regiment. There is no proof that
any more returned, except the finding of the court
of inquiry, which was got up at the instance of
General Lane, and which may be suspected to
have been what is called a "whitewashing" con-
cern. General Taylor remained in camp for sev-
eral days after the battle of Buena Vista. He then
went to the camp at Walnut Springs, near Mon-
terey. During this time, as he declares in a letter
to the Hon. George G. Dunn, formerly of the
House of Representatives, he never heard a sylla- i
ble whispered impeaching either the gallantry or
the courage of Colonel Bowles—who, it seems,
was in some way about to be made the scape-goat
of the concern. And yet an application was made
to General Taylor by General Lane for a court-
martial to try Colonel Bowles on charges of a most .
atrocious character. 1
I will read some of them by way of showing the
spirit in which this thing was conducted. I will
read them from a communication made by Gen- ,
eral Lane when he left for Oregon. I find this com- !
munication published in the Indiana State Sentinel,
published at Indianapolis, September 9, 1848: j
" Charge 1st. Inability and incompetency to discharge the
duties of colonel.
" Specification 1st. In this that Colonel Bowles is igno-
rant of the tactics which are used in the army, in battalion
and company drill and exercise."
The 2d charge preferred against Col. Bowles was
"violation of the 52d article of war."
Some of the specifications to sustain this charee
were—
" Specification 4th. In this, that the said Col. Bowles, af-
ter giving the order specified in the lstand 3d specifications
under this charge, did then and there abandon his position
and regiment, and run away from the enemy, and hide him-
self both from his regiment and from the enemy, and take
shelter alone ill a ravine near the scene of action.
" 5th. In this, that the said Col. Bowles, commandant of
the said regiment, while commanding the same in that bat-
tle, and while under the fire of the enemy, dismounted
from his horse in the rear of his regiment, and took shelter
l| from the enemy's fire behind his men and behind his own
' horse."
I will not weary the Senate with reading any
i more of these specifications.
! It will be found, on looking at the history of
j, this matter, that Gen. Taylor says, in a letter to
which I shall again have occasion to refer, he had
never heard a whisper against the character of
'] Col. Bowles while at the battle-field of Buena
Vista. A few days afterwards he returned to the
camp at Walnut Springs, near Monterey. During
this time the idea was bruited about that somebody
had given an order to retreat to the second Indiana
regiment, and that Col. Bowles was the person,
i Gen. Taylor was applied to on the 14th of March,
1847, by Gen. Lane, to grant a court-martial to
try Col. Bowles on the charges which lie preferred
against him, a portion of which 1 have read. Gen.
Taylor declined ordering a court-martial, for rea-
sons which I shall hereafter read. And it will be
i found that General Lane never said a word about
J changing his report, and changing " ordered" to
' "intended," until after Gen. Taylor refused to or-
! der a court-martial to try Col. Bowles. This is a
1 most important fact. Gen. Lane did not make his
■' third supplementary report in relation to this cor-
rection until the day after Gen. Taylor refused to
grant a court martial. Why this delay? I have
been unable to find a satisfactory explanation of it.
But let us give General Lane the full benefit of
his correction. Lieutenant O'Brien states that he
received an order to advance with his artillery.
The 2d Indiana regiment was designed to protect
that artillery. If General Lane intended to give
the order to advance, but omitted to give it, it is no
very brilliantfeather in the cap of his military rep-
utation. How could General Taylor say in his
report, anything but what he did say of the 2d In-
diana regiment? General Taylor could not put
■ the word " intended" in his report, because he re-
j ceived from General Lane, Lieutenant O'Brien,
and General Wool, a direct report that the 2d In-
diana regiment was " ordered" forward, and that
instead of obeying the order, it had fallen back in
disorder.
Another point is, that General Taylor intimates
to the public that a very small portion of this re-
treating regiment was brought back into the fight.
General Taylor very distinctly says that but " a
handful of men" returned and joined the rifle regi-
ment of Colonel Jefferson Davis, and fought gal-
lantly under Colonel Bowles throughout the day,
and that a portion of the regiment did good service
at a later hour in the day in defending the depot at
Buena Vista. From the best information which
I have been able to obtain on this point, General
Taylor was warranted in saying that but "a hand-
ful of these men" returned to the fight. I have
heard of only thirty or forty that joined Colonel
Davis's regiment—twenty in one squad, and per-
haps fifteen or eighteen more were scattered in
other portions of the regiment. I have no evi-
dence, and none can be produced that one hundred
and fifty or two hundred men returned, except the
finding of the court of inquiry. But that inquiry
was instigated by General Lane, who very natu-
rally felt great sensibility at what had happened,
and wished to do something to repair the honor of
that portion of his command which was con-
cerned.
I think now that I have sustained, by document-
ary proof which is irrefutable, what I alleged the
other day, that General Taylor, in making out the
report of the battle of Buena Vista, made it truly,
and according to the information which he had re-
ceived .
I will now say a few words as to the number of
men of the 2d Indiana regiment that rallied and
fought under Colonel Davis. General Lane calls
them " a part" of his regiment; but what part he
does not say. If the number were large or small
he should have stated it, so as to have saved those
who were not censurable from the " disgrace"
which he attached to those who did not rally.
Colonel Davis, in his report of March 2, 1847,
says: "That early in the action,Colonel Bowles,
' of Indiana, with a small party from his regiment,
' which he stated was all of his men that he could
1 rally, joined us, and expressed a wish to serve
' with my command. He remained with us
' throughout the day, and, under all circumstances,
'displayed much personal gallantry." General
Wool calls them a "fragment." General Taylor
calls them " a handful of men." He has evi-
dently been governed by the statements of General
Wool and Colonel Davis as to the number. He
could not do otherwise, as General Lane has not
furnished him any information on the point.
General Lane admits that all of the regiment that
did not join Colonel Davis retreated, and were not
again rallied, but remained "disgraced." Colonel
Davis says that only " a small party" joined him;
and General Taylor calls them "a handful of
men."
Before I pass from this part of the subject, 1
desire to call the attention of the Senate to the true
history of the refusal on the part of General Tay-
lor to grant this court-martial. Major Bliss, wri-
ting to General Wool in relation to these matters,
says:
"Headquarters Army or Occupation,
"Camp near Monterey, March 23, 1847.
"General: The charges against Colonel Bowles, inclu-
ded in your communication of the 14th instant, have been
duly submitted to the commanding general, who directs me
to say that, under all the circumstances, he is not disposed
to order a court-martial in the case. By a reference to the
, official reports of the engagement at Buena Vista, it is seen
that the personal conductof Colonel Bowles is extolled both
by yourself and Colonel Davis, with whose regimenthe was
associated after the flight of his own. In nearly two weeks
that the General remained at Saltillo, alter the battle, he
heard no syllable breathed against the reputation of Colonel
Bowles ; nor does he now believe that charges affecting his
conduct in the battle can be substantiated. His own offi-
cial report, based upon the best evidence he could obtain,
speaks well of the conduct of Colonel Bowles, and he will
not now consent to entertain the charges against him. They
should have been preferred at an earlier day. Should Col-
onel Bowles desire a court of inquiry in this case. I am di-
rected to say that you are authorized by the commanding
general to grant it; but the General thinks it best for all
concerned to let the matter drop.
I am, sir, verv respectfullv, vour obedient servant,
" W. \V. S. BLISS, .1. Gen'/.
" Brig. Gen. Wool, U. S. A., commanding, $"e.,
" Buena Vista, Mexico."
I imagine that all the parties will come to the
