290
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 0,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Removals from Office—Mr. Mangum.
Senate.
This was pretty quick traveling, without doubt, ij
General Lane, however, as he could no longer !
make speeches, meant to fling a Parthian dart at 1
General Taylor before he left for his distant home.
I find a communication from him, dated the 26th
August, 1848, at Evansville. It is published in the
" Indiana State Sentinel'." It was first published,
however, in the "Evansville Democrat." I un-
derstand, upon inquiry, that it is about three days'
travel from Evansville to St. Louis, so that he
could not have remained at Evansville later than
the 28th, if he was at St. Louis on the 31st, as
the honorable Senator says he was. And what
did he leave behind him ? When I shall have laid
it before the Senate I apprehend it will sustain all
I have said in regard to an assault on the personal
honor and veracity of General Taylor.
Mr. WHITCOMB. Does the Senator wish to j
imply any doubt of the accuracy of the dates
which I mentioned ? I
Mr. MANGUM. Certainly not. '
Mr. WHITCOMB. The correspondence of
General Lane will show those dates to be cor-
rect.
Mr. MANGUM. I hope the honorable Sen-
ator will not understand me so. I meant to leave
this impression: that the last act of General Lune,
before leaving Evansville, was to make the publi-
cation to which I have referred, and from which I
shall quote. He left it to his Democratic friends
as a last legacy. The publication is before me in
the "Indiana State Sentinel," of September 9,
1848, copied from the "Evansville Democrat." I
■would inquire of the honorable Senator if Evans- •
ville was not the residence of General Lane?
Mr. WHITCOMB. He resided near Evans- '
ville.
Mr. MANGUM. Was a paper published there '
called the Evansville Democrat?
Mr. WHITCOMB. I presume bo. I have
but an indistinct recollection of it.
Mr. MANGUM. This publication to which I
refer, was addressed "to the public," over the
signature of "Joseph Lane," and is dated " Au-
gust 26th, 1848."
General Lane commences by saying:
t£ It has become necessary that I should appear before the
public, and ask its candid attention to a subject of vital im-
portance to Indiana, and to the brave troops which she sent
to the field during the war with Mexico. Interested parti-
sans in this State (and I regret that it is so) appear resolved
upon disgracing themselves and the State of their nativity,
or adoption, by the publication of glaring falsehoods and
statements wholly unfounded; in fact put forth in the at-
tempt to secure a mere partisan triumph. I allude to the
slanders which from time to time have been perpetrated by !
different persons, both inofficial documents and otherwise,
upon the second Indiana regiment, relative to their conduct
in the battle of Buena Vista."
Here he evidently referred to General Taylor,
or General Wool, for no one but these officers and
himself had ever made official reports in relation
to that regiment. General Taylor is the person
aimed at. He could only have made what may
strictly be called an "official" report,for his reports
were made to the War Department, while his
subordinates made their reports to him. That it
was General Taylor to whom he referred, is shown
by the following:
" General Taylor, in his official report of that battle, was
mistaken as to the facts, and has made statements wholly
at variance with them; particularly with regard to the coil-
duet of that regiment."
I should consider this a gentle intimation; a
most soft impeachment. He then says:
" If he (General Taylor) had hastened to repair the in-
jury thus inflicted, as soon as he became apprised of it,
the present statement from myself would not have been
necessary."
I am sure, sir, that every official report which
was made to General Taylor was transmitted in
due season to the War Department; and I defy
any one to show that any official communication
ever made to General Taylor is not to be found in
the archives of the Government. General Taylor
said, in his letter to Mr. Dunn, that if General
Lane thought his report needed correction after
the finding of the court of inquiry, he ought to
have sent in a supplemental report, as he had done
before.
General Lane proceeds to say:
" But instead of correcting what he has stated, he persists
in repeating it in the most offensive manner, and that too in
the face of facts too numerous and too well-authenticated to
be denied or evaded."
Is not that impeaching the veracity of General
Taylor? Is there a loafer in the lowest purlieus
of any street so obtuse that he could not under- |
stand such language as that? And would not gen-
tlemen of n high sense of military honor feel it
sensibly? There can be but one opinion amongst
nien of honor and men of intelligence in regard to 1
such language.
A little further on he says:
" I made a report of that battle, (Buena Vista,) so far as 1!
it came under my observation. General Taylor also made I
a report, and the question now to be presented is, did lie
folijiv the report of his inferior officers? Did he (bllow my
report relative to my command? He dul not, and here is
the ptoof." 1
This is a very strange assertion. I will not
.comment upon it; but it is my duty to present the
facts to the Senate, and each gentleman can draw
his own conclusions from them. General Lane
then goes on to make an exact copy of General
Taylor's report as found in the published docu-
ments. He then makes what purports to be an
exact copy of his own report to General Wool,
which will be found to differ in what General Lane
considers a very material point, one that was the
subject of his third supplementary report to Gen-
«rai Taylor. Now, it is very strange that a gen-
tleman should be able to make an exact copy of '
the report of General Taylor, but should fall into
an error in making a copy of his own report to ,
General Wool; and that the mistake should be
identical with a matter deemed of so much im-
portance as to make it the subject-matter of his
third supplementary report. He substitutes the
word "intended " for the word "ordered." Yet
this word " intended" was not in his original re- j
port, nor was the correction made by him until
: the 24th of March, 1847—nineteen days after Gen- 1
eral Taylor's report was made, and one day after
General Taylor had refused a court-martial to try
Colonel Bowles. It will take a good deal of inge-
nuity to reconcile all this.
But he finds particular fault with that part of
General Taylor's report where he says:
"The second Indiana regiment, which had fallen back,
as stated, could not b« rallied, and took no further part in
the action, except a handful of men, under its gallant colo-
nel, Bowles, joined the Mississippi regiment, and did good
service," &c.
To this he replies, by showing that in his own
report he had stated that " those troops were im-
mediately rallied and fought throughout the whole
day like veterans; a few of them, I regret to say,
did not return to the field at all."
I Here he has not quoted correctly from his own
'report. His words are " These troops, the most
i of them, were immediately rallied and fought du-
ring the whole day like veterans. A few of them,
I regret to say, did not return to the field at all."
i Now, in this quotation he makes this extract
apply to the second regiment alone. In speaking
, alone of this regiment he says: "Those troops,"
&c. That is, all of them, of course.
But in his published report, the remark applies
i as much to the Arkansas cavalry, and one of the
Illinois regfments,as it does to the second Indiana
regiment, if, indeed, it does not apply to them en-
I tirely. By examining it, it will be seen that he
! speaks of two classes of troops. The first those
not under his command, and those which he com-
manded.
When speaking of the men who were not un-
| der his command, he says, " these troops, the
most of them, immediately rallied," &c. But
i when speaking of those under his command, he
says, "I shall attempt to make no apology for
| their retreat," &c.—and " disgrace" must attach
to those who did not return.
If he intended to say that "the most" of the
second regiment returned, he contradicts Colonel
Davis, who said that it was only a " small party
And he also contradicts the court of inquiry in his
i own case—by whom the number was fixed at
from one hundred and fifty to two hundred. But
; it was an after-thought with General Lane to say
I that, when speaking of those troops who rallied,
in his report of 25th February, 1847, he intended
to say that the most of the second Indiana regiment
rallied. And this will appear by reference to his
original report as printed. There the sentence
commencing "these troops, the most of them,
were immediately rallied," &c., follows immedi-
i ately after his reference to the Arkansas cavalry,
and one Illinois regiment, without the commence-
ment of a new paragraph: so that it was evidently
intended to apply to all the troops who had re-
treated. Whereas, in the circular published in
the "Democrat," as republished in the State Sen-
tinel, he makes this sentence, "These troops,"&c.,
commence a new paragraph, in that part which
purports to be an extract from his original report,
and immediately after he makea it apply to the
second Indiana regiment only.
And it is by this mode of stating the case that
he justifies himself in speaking of the statement
of Gen. Taylor, "This statement is not true."
If General Taylor's statement, in regard to the
numbers who were rallied, &c., were untrue, why
did not General Lane correct it in a supplemental
report before the court of inquiry? He has made
three such reports, and did not refer to it. And
he must have known that this was not one of the
questions to be investigated by the court. But he
did not think fit to denounce this statement as un-
true until General Taylor became a candidate for
the Presidency, and until he was just about to start
for Oregon.
By denouncing it as untrue, lie expressly con-
tradicts Colonel Davis and General Wool. Colo-
nel Davis calls them a " small partyand General
Wool a "fragment," who rallied. And by saying
that the most of them rallied, he contradicts the
finding of the court of inquiry, where the number
was fixed at from one hundred and fifty to two
hundred.
He charges General Taylor with a suppression
: of the truth in "not stating the fact of the rallying
j of these men." General Taylor gave credit to
those who rallied with Colonel Davis, for he says
they "did good service," and to the others who
[ defended the train at the depot at Buena Vista.
The only question which he left doubtful was as to
the number that did "good service" under Colonel
Davis. Nobody reported the number to him, and
I therefore he was compelled to leave it to be learned
from the other reports.
I suppose this publication of General Lane's
i was a sort of make-peace to the Indianians, whom
j he had assailed with much more violence than any
otlier officer of the Army had done. I suppose
I this was a sort of "salvo"—a deprecation of the
i wrath of his fellow-citizens. He perhaps wished
to conciliate the gentlemen of the 2d Indiana
regiment by putting it on the ground that they
were not " ordered" to advance, but that it was
■ merely "intended" they should advance. If it
was intended, it ought to have been done, and not
having been done who is to blame for the conse-
1 quences?
; Other remarks might be made on this part of
the paper which would show a discrepancy be-
i tween the report originally made and this publica-
1 tion to the Indianians. He tries to show that men
j from other regiments deserted besides those from
the second Indiana.
I With the permission of the Senator from Missis-
! sippi, [Mr. Davis,] I would call his attention to
'! some things that are said in this part of the publi-
cation. General Lane says:
j "There arc two material facts known to everybody upon
j I that field—known to General Tavlor when he made his re-
' i port, and which are embodied in my report—which facts
! General Taylor does not even allude to, to wit: 1st, that
1 the regiment immediately rallied, and next that they fought
all day. Read again those sentences in the above extracts
1 in italics and contrast them. General Taylor says : 'They
, i could not he rallied, and took no further part in the action
except a handful of men who rallied under the gallant
, Colonel Bowles.' This statement is not true. In my re-
port I state the affair just as it occurred, giving the wholo
tiuth as far as I then knew it; for I was not then awara
that Bowles had given an order to retreat. I expressly stated
1 that those troops were immediately rallied and fought
, throughout the whole day like veterans ; a few of them, I
I regret to say, did not return to the field at all.'"
; Again:
" The important fact that he gave the order to retreat ia
established, and that he gave it without authority from mo
or any one else. This, taken in connection with tile fact
stated in my official report of the battle, that those troops
were immediately rallied and fought during the whole
day like veterans, completely vindicates the reputation of
these brave men. The orders containing the finding of the
court, as published by General Wool, were entered upon
the records ol his adjutant general's office, and in the ordi-
nary course of business would be transmitted to General
Taj lor. I do not know that they were actually sent to
him, but as General Wool is extremely prompt and punctual
j, in the discharge of all his official duties, the presumption is
they were so transmitted."
