1851]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL OtORE.
291
31st Cong 2d Skss.
Removals from Office—Mr. Mangum,
Senate.
I have already shown you, from General Tay-
lor's letters, that upon examining his papers at
"Walnut Springs, it could not be found, and if it |
liad been sent the fact would be verified. So that !
General Lane puts his "presumption" against 1
General Taylor's statement. ■
General Lane speaKs of this regiment, or a
greater part of it, as having returned to the field of i
battle and fought like veterans, and insists that as 1
General Taylor had not done them justice, this
completely vindicates theirreputation. Well, now,
sir, if they returned and were fighting as gallant
veterans, and their reputation is completely vindi-
cated, I should like to know what General Lane
meant when he alludes to a portion of the second
Indiana regiment that had disgraced themselves—
that had never returned ? It will be remarked that
General Lane, in his report, does not designate
the number of those who returned. Colonel Da-
vis speaks of a " fragment" having returned under
Colonel Bowles. General Wool speaks of a few
who returned and fought with Colonel Davis's
regiment of riflemen. From the best inquiries I
have made, I have the impression that not more
than thirty or forty, at most, returned; and there
is not a particle of testimony to counteract that I
except the finding of this cyrt. I heard a distin-
guished officer of that battle (no one present) say
that such were the personal views in the army. It
"became so necessary to vindicate the reputation of
the second Indiana regiment, and of the general
who had it in command, that every possible effort
was made, not only to throw the onus of all the
misfortune upon the shoulders of C&lonef Bowles
as a s^ape-goat, but to bring back as many into the
field of battle as could possibly be made out. Ac-
cordingly, that court expressed the opinion that
one hundred and fifty or two hundred returned.
This is the only evidence I have been enabled to
obtain. General Taylor reports that a " handful"
returned. And if, out of the regiment which Indi-
ana sent into the field, numbering about eight hun-
dred men, only twenty or thirty or forty returned,
lie might well say a " handful." Colonel Davis
says a " fragment," General Wool says a " few,"
and no report says more until this court made it
out.
Mr. DAVIS-, of Mississippi. Will the Senator
allow me to explain for one moment ? I have been
■ anxious, Mr. President, to avoid any participation
in this controversy, not only now, but at all for-
mer times. I have refused on two occasions,
when called upon, to enter into this controversy,
which has grown up since the return of these
troops, or to write or to say anything on the sub-
ject. In doing this I acted in accordance with that
temper which the Senator has properly said was
manifested by General Taylor. From the day of
that unfortunate occurrence he strove always to
suppress remark in relation to it. It is within my
knowledge that, so far as he had conversed with
subordinate officers, he indicated to them the pol-
icy of saying as little of that unfortunate transac-
tion as was necessary to make a full report of what
had occurred.
When I used the word " fragment," I meant a
very small fragment. I saw assembled under an
officer, whom I took from his uniform to be a lieu-
tenant, about twenty men. I understood some
others were scattered in the files of the Mississippi
regiment. I think Colonel Bowles told me the
whole number with him was thirty-five. He came
to me and pointed out the number I have men-
tioned as the aggregate under the lieutenant—about
twenty—and with very deep feeling, almost burst-
ing into tears, said, " my regiment has run away;
there is all I have left; and I wish permission to
fight with your regiment." The others who were
spoken of as having returned, if they joined me at all
—and of that I had no personal knowledge—must
have returned with the third Indiana regiment.
And here I will say that it was not until that
court of inquiry assembled that I heard any claim
was set up for so large a number as one hundred
and fifty or two hundred having returned. If they
returned and joined me at all, I have no knowledge
of any occasion when that could have occurred,
except when the third Indiana regiment came up,
and that was after the severe combat between the
Mississippi regiment and the troops pursuing the
second Indiana regiment had terminated. That
eombat was fought with no other aid than the
small "fragment" alluded to in my report—not
more than thirty-five, as the colonel said; I saw
but about twenty.
Mr. MANGUM. It will be perceived, Mr-
President, that the information I have picked up
from various sources is almost in exact accordance
with the statement now made by the honorable
Senator, who was an eye-witness of these transac-
tions; for my purpose is to do injustice to nobody.
The allegation I am making out is the disrespect-
ful imputation upon the personal character and
honor of the late President.
Before I read from another point I will remark,
in passing, that Gen. Lane, at the time he was re-
turning to the United States from Mexico, made
a short stop at the Walnut Springs camp, then oc-
cupied by Gen. Taylor. I think the honorable
Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Davis] also en-
camped at the same place, perhaps at the same
time. He speaks of a conversation he had with
Gen. Taylor, and gives the substance of it; and
he brings the affidavit of an individual who was
present to show that Gen. Taylor was apprised of
the findings of these courts-martial; and makes it ;
one ground of his allegation against Gen. Taylor
that he had been unfair and illiberal to the State !
because he did not make this conversation, which '
had taken place in his tent, the basis of an official
communication to the War Department. Was
ever such a thing known? Was so unreasonable
a complaint ever made among military men? I
presume not. Gen. Taylor was always ready to
receive supplementary reports; and, though una-,
ble to correct the report in which " intended " was
to be substituted for "ordered," in accordance
with the wish of Gen. Lane, the day after Gen.
Taylor had declined ordering a court-martial, he
transmitted it to the War Department, so that the
historian who writes of that glorious battle will
have all the facts from which to make his account.
Here, sir, are two extracts from a portion of
General Taylor's writings that I will read. I de-
sire the attention of the Senate to these two ex-
tracts, as they are very short; for upon what is
contained in them General Lane bases the charge
that General Taylor persisted in his effort to dis-
parage and to calumniate and to revile Indianians,
and to speak of their cowardice. The first ex-
tract is from a letter dated Baton Rouge, March
24, 1848, and addressed to Mr. Dunn, and is in
these words:
" My confidence in tbe second regiment, officers and men,
was still maintained after the reverse of the 23d, for I re-
membered that in all armies the best and most experienced
troops have at times been most unaccountably subject, and
yielded to temporary panics, by no means compromising
their reputation for bravery. I had resolved, and expressed
the determination, to place that regiment in action the fol-
lowing day, had the enemy resumed his attack, in the full
conviction that the officers and men, unitedly and individu-
ally, would have acquitted themselves with steadiness and
gallantry. This belief I have always maintained."
I see no charge of cowardice in that.
The second extract is from o letter dated at
Baton Rouge, March 3d, 1848, to John D. Defrees,
editor of the State Journal, Indianapolis, Indiana:
"In all armies, the best and most experienced troops
have been at times subject to panics, under a murderous
fire of an enemy, which are inexplicable. Such, it is most
probable, may have been the case at the time iB question.
I am proud, and free to state, however, that my confidence
i n that regi ment was not lost, but it was my intention to have
placed it in action, had the enemy resumed his attack, on
the day following; and I have always felt assured and con-
fident that, had the battle been renewed, the second Indiana
regiment would have acquitted itself witb gallantry and in-
trepidity on all future occasions before the enemy."
Now, sir, in reference to this, mark the words
of General Lane, " the charge of cowardice thus
repeated again and again, I know to be false."
Sir, what can be more insulting, what more direct,
what more conclusive in reference to my second
proposition ? Here, with less than the usual can-
dor of the special pleader, he trumps up a case
that is not found in the papers of General Taylor,
and makes him allege that the second Indiana re-
giment was cowardly, to enable him to perpetrate
this wanton, and, as I think, wholly gratuitous
insult, when he knew it to be false. And had
General Taylor, when he was borne into the high-
est and proudest office in the world, kept such a
man in an office so high, so honorable, so re-
sponsible as was that filled by General Lane—if
General Taylor had suffered him to have kept his
position when there were hundreds and thousands
of other men equally qualified to discharge its du-
ties, I should have felt that he wanted that sensi-
bility which belongs to a man of honor, and
should have withdrawn my confidence from him.
No man would have done it. There is not a Sen-
ator in the hearing of my voice who would have
done it. I call upon each and every one of the
friends of General Lane to rise and say if, under
this state of things, they would retain any man in
office. I venture to predict that there is no gen-
tleman present who will expose himself to the ani-
madversions which would be made upon his ob-
tuseness and want of sensibility and honor, as to
assert that he would.
" The charge of cowardice thus repeated again
and again." I do not see it. On the contrary,
General Taylor spoke of that regiment at all times
in terms, of kitjdnes, respect, and forbearance, that
were remarkable, and it shows his practical good
sense. Any other course would have tended to
disorganize the regiment, to produce distrust, and
want of mutual confidence
"The charge of cowardice repeated again and
again, 1 know to be false," says General Lane,
" and so does every man who has carefully, and
without prejudice, examined the case."
Now, what proof is stronger. I appeal to the
Senate whether I have not supported, to the fullest
extent, by his own documents and under his own
hand, the impression I threw out the other day,
and which I had received from the public prints
and otherwise, that General Lane had impeached
the personal honor and veracity of General Taylor.
General Lane says:
" General Taylor further says that he had not lost confi-
dence in that regiment, and intended to place them in action
the next day. I let this pass for what it is worth."
Everybody understands such language. Cam
anything be more insulting to a gentleman of a high
sense of honor?
Again:
" General Taylor aaserts that nothing ha* transpired siijce
he made his report, norbasany statement been made to him
In an official shape, which aflfects its accuracy. The first of
these assertions I have shown to be wholly devoid of truth.
As to the second, it is a mere technicality."
I would call upon the military gentlemen of the
Senate—for I know little about the usages of the
army or camp—if ever a general has been known
to correct a former Veport, made upon authentic
documents, by materials picked up in one tent or
another? Whether, from remarks flying about,
he has made a solemn report to the archives of the
War Department, correcting and changing a re-
port originally made upon the usual official au-
thority? Such a thing never has happened, such
a thing was never expected to happen, and was
never required except by this " Marion " of the
Mexican war.
I have one other extract. I was about to say.
however, that if General Taylor had lived and had
seen this publication—but I am mistaken, he diri
live to see it. His attention was called to it, and i
have proof, to me perfectly conclusive, that though
of great equanimity—as I understand from those
who knew him much better than I—and not easily
moved, perhaps never was he seen in the city of
Washington much more incensed. I might go
into details so strong that they would crush al-
most any man; but I will not. General Taylor's
private conversations I will respect, whether Gen-
eral Lane has thought proper to do so or not. But
I may say, in general terms, that nothing that ever
came to his knowledge, perhaps, more incensed
him.
"In conclusion," says General Lane, "I will remark
' that I have always entertained for General Taylor the
1 greatest respect, except so far as he has forfeited it by tti ~
' injustice he has done Indiana."
Where is the writer, in reference to that battle,
who has spoken of it in terms more soothing th.-.u
General Taylor? Where is tly individual tli.u
was disposed to apply so many talvos to tin-
wounded sensibilities not only of the commander 4
but the volunteers of that regiment? He intends!,
if the enemy had assailed him the next day, id
have put them in the front of that battle. He hn<l
not lost his confidence in them on account of their
sudden panic. He has spoken of Indiana and In-
dianians in terms of respect, kindness, and confi-
dence, that no other gentleman connected with the
public service has done. I defy the production of
any document more complimentary of them than
his report and letters, except that part of the
