Q94
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 21.
31st Cong 2i> Sess.
The Fugitive Slave Laxc—Messrs. Clay and Hale.
Senate.
sir, the President has not even waited till he has
cot information upon the subject, but he tells us
tlmt he sends this—he is in auch hat hnste—upon
a newspaper account of a statement of one ol the
officers, which he semis also, but which account
is contradicted by others, and by telegraphic in-
formation. The President, then, is in such hot
haste, or those who advise him are, to put this thing
!;efore the country, and to have the public pre-
pared to resist those negroes, who are now scout-
ing in th( blind alleys of Boston, to keep out of :
the way of the constables there; he is in such hot !
haste to put this Government in a proper attitude j
of defence—although there are in the population of (
half a million within the sound of the bell on the
old State House perhaps a thousand poor negroes j
—that all this array, this sounding of trumpets,
this issuing of a proclamation has taken place.
There has been all this formidable preparation to
put down this handful of negroes, who have been
skulking out of sight long ago.
The constituted authorities of Boston are going
on in their quiet and ordinary manner in prosecu-
ting and bringing to justice everybody implicated '
in this matter. It may be done possibly, but I
should think it one of the greatest efforts of ge- J
nius to magnify this into something tremendous, j
something worthy of the rhetorica] powers of the j
first patriots of the land; but I think it must be I
such an effort of genius as has not been seen in j
modern times that can possibly magnify it into
such an affair. We are bringing discredit and i
contempt upon our whole system of Government
by undertaking to do anything of the sort. Is
there any serious fear in the mind of anybody
that the laws of the land cannot be executed in
Massachusetts? If there is, sir, they cannot
quiet these fears by any such proceedings as these.
But, looking upon the whole subject as entirely
misplaced, misconceived, ill-judged, impolitic, im-
proper, injudicious, and weak, I shall be opposed
to anything except the most quiet mode in which
it can possibly be got rid of. What that is, I do
not pretend to say.
Mr. CLAY. The course of the Senator from
New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] does not surprise
me; it is perfectly in keeping and congenial with
his general course upon subjects of this kind. He
pronounces a deliberate act of the Executive of
the country, our common Chief Magistrate, as
ridiculous. Now, sir, that is matter of opinion,
and being matter of opinion it depends upon the
opinion others may entertain of the person who
expresses it. But the Senator will allow me to
say that upon a subject of that kind, and upon
rhetorical subjects to which he has alluded, there
are two standards of opinion prevailing; one,
that of the member himself; and the other, that
of the body of which he is a member. And if
he will allow me to tell him, the appreciation made
by a member ofhis own capacity for debate and
readiness in it may be much higher than will be
shared in by other members of this body.
Mr. HALE. That is matter of opinion.
Mr. CLAY. And I put my opinion against
yours. But I must take occasion to say that on
scarcely any occasion have I risen to speak in this
body when that Senator has not followed me, as if
his great object was to compete with me the palm of
elocution. I yield to the Senator. I know the self-
complacency with which he generally rises, and
I hope he will receive this surrender on my part
of any ambition between him and me to contend
for the palm of oratory, with the complacency
with which he usually rises in this body and pre-
sents himself before us. [Laughter.]
Now, what is the aim of this Senator? To con-
sider this mob, this negro mob as an isolated
affair, as an affair of the two or three hundred ne-
groes only, who assembled on that occasion, and
violated and outraged the laws of their country.
Is there any other man in the Senate who believes
that it originated among these negroes ? Do we
not all know the ramified means which are em-
ployed by the Abolitionists openly, by word and
by print everywhere, to stimulate these negroes to
acts of violence, recommending them to arm them-
selves, and to slay, murder, and kill anybody in
pursuit of them, in order to recover and call them
back to the duty and service from which they had
escaped ?
The proclamation is not aimed solely at the
miserable negroes, stimulated, no doubt, by those j
outside of the court-house; who laid all the plans, I'
and some of whom, one at least, was at the door !
beckoning to the negroes to come in—I beg par-
don, a white negro standing at the door beckoning
to the negroes to come in. Does not everybody
know that it is not the work of those miserable
wretches, who are without the knowledge. and
without a perfect consciousness of what became
them or what was their duty? They are urged ,
on and stimulated by speeches, some of which are
made on this floor and in the House of Repre- j
sentatives, and by prints which are scattered |j
broadcast throughout the whole country. The
proclamation, then, has higher and greater aims.
It aims at the maintenance of the law; it aims at
putting down all those who would put down the
law and the Constitution, be they black or white.
Sir, look at the manner in which a foreign hire-
ling has been introduced into this country, in order
to propagate his opinions and doctrines with re- ,
gard to the subversion of one of the institutions of ,
this country. I allude to a man who is said to be
a member of the British Parliament, by the name
of Thompson. He has been received not in one
place only in Massachusetts, but in various places,
and the police on one occasion assembled to pro-
tect him when they had not the heart to assemble
around a court of justice to mantain the laws of
their country.
Sir, let me suppose, if any member of Congress
could be capable of doing such a thing, that a
member Congress should go to England—to Man-
chester or Birmingham, or any of the large pro-
vincial towns of England—and there preach doc-
trines subversive of the British Government:
should denounce their law of primogeniture, de-
nounce the existence of the nobility there, denounce
the Crown itself, how long would a member of
Congress be permitted to denounce this portion of
the ancient constitution of Great Britain? He
would be driven out by violence, and with the
scorn, contempt, and derision of every British
subject who had the heart or manliness of a Brit-
ish subject. And yet this daring, impudent, inso-
lent member of the British Parliament comes here
from England, and repeats his visit, confining him-
self hitherto, as well as at the present time, unless
he has recently left it, to the State of Massachu-
setts, and there he preaches his doctrines of sedition
and disunion. And yet the member from New
Hampshire would have the Senate believe that it
is nothing but a few negroes collected together in
a court-house, of whom it is unbecoming the dig-
nity and character of the Government to take any
notice! When the whole northern country, to an
extent not alarmingly great, to be sure, is filled
with the doctrines of abolition, denouncing slave-
holders as thieves and murderers, and calling upon
portions of the community to subvert and trample
under foot the laws of the land, and the Constitu-
tion itself—when the Senator from New Hamp-
shire has seen, as he ought to have seen, that these
poor negroes were but the catspaws of those who -
had not the courage to show their own faces, and
the President has chosen to issue a proclamation,
comprehending not only the blacks, but their aid-
ers, abettors, and accessories, whom I am more i
anxious to see punished than the blacks them-
selves, he rises here with his usual complacency, ;
and savs it is childish and ridiculous. Sir, I call
upon tlie Senate to stand by the President, and
stand by the Constitution; to uphold their laws,
and to prostrate all opposition, from what source
soever it may emanate, whether from those who
put forward the unhappy blacks, or those who
stand back and have not the moral or physical
j courage to show their own faces.
; Mr. MASON. The duty of surrendering fugi-
tives from labor, as they are called by the Consti-
tution, when they escape from the places where
they are held to service, and are found in another
State, is a federal obligation entered into by the ;
States of the Confederation with each other. It is
a federal obligation, which they entered into when
they became parties to the constitutional compact.
The inquiry now is not raised alone by the reso-
lution which called for the papers communicated
to us by the President, but has been raised before
all the States under the law of the last session of
Congress: has that federal obligation been fulfilled,
or has it not ?
I take issue with the Senator from Kentucky,
declaring in my place here, so far as I am lnfonne.U
that the law of the last session intended to rpqunt
the fulfillment of this obligation, if not a de.td letter,
has not answered the ends for which it wius de-
signed. Sir, I agree with the honorable Henator-
that so far as I have been able to comprehend the
message of the President, it ia his purpose, it' it be
in his power, to have that law executed. That is
a duty devolved upon him by his high ofli-'e, and
one that I am perfectly willing to believe he will
execute if he can. But I think the experience of
the country, so far under this law, shows.he can-
not. Sir, if I may venture to say so, with the
respect which becomes me in my place here, with-
the relation I bear to that functionary, he did not
begin aright in the first instance, which occurred
in the city of Boston—the case of the Crafts. My
recollection of that case is, that the claimant
found that although the law was not then to
be resisted by force, it was to be resisted by illu-
sion, delays, and prevarication; and when that
was brought to his knowledge by a communica-
tion from an agent then prosecuting his claim,
he applied to the President, who informed him,aa
the public press annoi^ced, that he could not act
upon mere newspaper reports; that something like
evidence of neglect on the part of the officers
should be brought home before he could act. The
history of that case shows that the fugitive slaves,
the Crafts, escaped from their master in that in-
stance by the delays and prevarications of those to
whom the administration of this law had been *
intrusted. It was the duty of the President, if
sufficient evidence was not furnished to him, to
have called upon the officers of the law at once to
furnish that evidence, and to have dismissed the
marshal when he found that these delays had
taken place. But he did not do it. I do not mean
to say he was conscious of any neglect of duty in
not doing it, but I do mean to say that if that law
can ever be effectually enforced for the preserva-
i tion of this property when it gets abroad, it must
be enforced with alacrity, with zeal, with cordial-
ity, as they would enforce a law of their own. It
must be enforced in accordance with the desire of
the people, where the law is to be administered, to-
carry it into execution. They must aid, and
1 assist, and countenance, and encourage those who
go there to recover their property, and must not
throw all sorts of resistance, difficulties, and ob-
stacles in their way.
i Sir, in the case of the Crafts, they escaped
through prevarications,delays, and evasions of the
i officers who were charged with the execution of
; the laws, and the master lost his property. How
is it in the present instance, which has called for
the message just read? The fugitive was arrested.
Time was given to him, and I believe properly
given to him, to make out his case, and there was
no place where they could confine him. The offi-
cers who had him in custody, as the papers show,
had no place where he could be confined but in the
court room, and they undertook to detain him
there some three or four days, from Saturday, I
believe, until Tuesday, when he was again to be
heard. In the mean time a band of lawless ne-
groes, who always assemble around a court-house
on such occasions, entered and rescued him. That
was done in the State of Massachusetts, a State
upon whose statute-book there are laws, alluded
to by the President in his message, not only pro-
hibiting the use of the jails for the detention of
; such fugitives, but making it penal for any officer
of the Commonwealth to aid either m their arrest
or detention. I say, then, it is perfectly idle to
denounce a population who tolerate, as thf> people
of Boston did tolerate, this outrage upon the laws,
when their laws not only tolerate, but demand it
at their hands; and these laws are yet existing in
full force unrepealed.
I go one step further. The Legislature of Mas-
sachusetts has been in session since the law of the
last session was passed. They were informed of
the existence and demands of that law, and their
statute yet remains unrepealed. Now, I put it to
the common sense of the country—I need not put
it to the intelligence of this Senate—to answer me
whether, in effect, when such laws exist under the
sanction of the law-making power, there will be
anybody idle enough to attempt to suppress these
insurrections at home ?
