1351.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBB.
295
31 st Cong 2d Sess. The Fugitive Slave Late—Messrs. Clay, Mason, and Dickinson.
Senate.
I was gratified to hear the honorable Senator
from Kentucky denounce the toleration of this
high offence in the city of Boston. But, if he will
allow me to say so, I think he should have gone !
one step further. He should hare denounced the
State of Massachusetts for being false to her Fed-
eral obligation. Yes, sir, false to her Federal
obligation; for she is a party to this compact, by
which she agreed, and for a consideration, that !
fugitives of this character should be delivered up.
What is her law? Her law not only refuses to
give the use of the jails for the detention of the
fugitive, but makes it penal for any officer of the
Commonwealth whatever to arrest, or detain, or
aid, or abet in arresting or detaining the fugitive.
The Senator from Kentucky should have gone to
the State of Massachusetts, to the vice where it
exists, in the law-making power, as well as to de-
nounce this rabble of negroes, who had it in their
power to commit the outrage tolerated by the
asttute. An act passed by the Legislature of Mas-
sachusetts in 1843 declares:
Pec. 1. No judge of any court of record ofthis Common-
wealth, and do justice of the peace, shall hereafter take
cognizance or grant a certificate in ease* that may arise un-
der the third section of an act of Congress, passed February
12,1793, and entitled " An act respecting fugitives from
justice, and persons eeeapin^^om the service of their
Blasters," to any person who claims any other person
as a fugitive slave within the jurisdiction of the Common-
wealth.
Sec. 3. No sheriff, deputy sheriff, coroner, constable,
Jailer, or other officer of this Commonwealth, shall hereaf-
ter arrest or detain, or aid in the arrest or detention, or im-
prisonment in any jail, or .other building belonging to this
Commonwealth, or in any county, city, or town thereof,
of any person for the reason that he is claimed as a fugitive
slave.
Sac. 3. Any justice of the peace, sheriff deputy sheriff,
coroner, constable, or jailer, who shall offend against the
provisions of this law, by in any way acting, directly or in-
directly, under the power conferred by the third section of
the act of Congress aforementioned, shall forfeit a sum not
exceeding one thousand dollars for every sach offence, to
the use o? the county where said offence be committed, or
■ball be subject to imprisonment not exceeding one year in
the county jail."
That is the present law of Massachusetts; the
law of the last session to the contrary notwith-
standing. Now, 1 submit to the Senate and to the
country, whether a people whose lawgivers have
passed this law, ami allowed it to remain unre-
pealed on the statute-book to this day, do not tol-
erate, countenance, and encourage such invasions
of the law as are noticed in the message which ha<i
just been read. I understood the Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Davis] to say, when he was
ap the other day, that the people of Boston would
not resist this law. He said that, so far as he
was informed, it was an odious law to the people
of Boston, and the people of Massachusetts; but
his own language was that they were a law-abid-
ing people, and would not resist. • I ask the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, does he mean to say,
when they refuse actually to resist the law, that
they are complying with the federal obligation
which they have entered into to surrender fugi-
tive from labor? Does he mean to imply that
we shall be satisfied by having the word of prom-
ise kept to the ear only, and broken whenever its
fulfillment is demanded ?
Sir, the purpose for which 1 rose principally
was to avoid any possible belief that I acquiesced
in what fell from the Senator from Kentucky,
when he declared that this law had been executed
everywhere except in the city of Boston. If the
Senator means that it has not been openly resisted
anywhere by a successful mob except in Boston
he may be right; but if he means that the slave
States have had this law enforced for their advan-
tage, I take issue with him.
Mr. CLAY. Will the honorable Senator from
Virginia allow me to ask him if he will specify
any instance other than in Boston where the law
has not been carried into effect when it has been
attempted ?
Mr. MASON. I will answer that inquiry by
enunciating my proposition. If he means that the
law has been carried in to effect everywhere, where
it has not been successfully resisted by violence, if
that is his idea of carrying the law into effect, he
may be right. But I ask the Senator if the law is
tarried into effect when, although not successfully
resisted by violence, it is just as successfully by
illusion and evasion ? I nave said that this law
cannot be carried into effect unless it is executed
with alacrity, diligence, real,and good faith. And
although you may restore the property, you re-
store it at a cost that renders it not worth the res-
titution, as has been done in innumerable cases.
I would instance a case which happened in the
quarter where I immediately reside, in which the
negroes were arrested at Harrisburg, and were
surrendered under the law of the last session,
which passed while they wete in custody. One
of my own neighbors who went there to recover
the two slaves, did recover them, after a delay of
some two months, and after being subjected to itn
expense of $1,450 in the attempt to do it; after
having been subjected to incarceration in his own
person as well as those who went to assist him,
and after having been subjected to a trial for riot,
which he had to go back to attend. He did recover
his two slaves; he carried them home and sold
them for $1,500. His expenses were $1,450, so
that he had a clear balance in his favor of fifty dol- |
lars. Now, if that be a successful execution of this j
law, it is a successful execution in which the claim- j
ant gets his property at the cost of the whole of it.
1 take the recent case of Long in New York.
What were the facts there? The law wj^ execu-
ted. But how? The claimant was subjected to
suit after suit, and held to bail upon writ after
writ, until, according to my recollection, he was
required to give bail in the several actions to the
amount of some §50,000. The litigation was not
between him and his slave, but between him and
some of the people of New York, and was pro-
tracted for ten days or a fortnight, and it resulted
that when the slave was delivered and carried home
and sold, the proceeds of the sale there barely, if
at all, met the expenses. I remember to have seen
it stated in a paper, I do not know with what
truth, that a committee of citizens in New York
actually contributed fire hundred dollars to lighten
the expense.
i Now, what I mean to say is this: I want my i
I people to understand the actual operation of this
law. I am not satisfied, for one, that the obliga-
tion assumed by the free States, or those that have
since become free, is fulfilled, when they barely re-
! fuse to resist the law by open violence. I am not
satisfied when our citizens go there and are sub-
jected to suits, and incarcerations, and delays, ter-
. minating at last in an expense exceeding the value
of their property. That is not the execution of
1 the law. It never can be executed in the State of
Massachusetts as long as the people who passed
the law to which I have referred allow it to remain
on the statute-book. The State of Virginia is
deeply interested in the execution of this law. The ,
citizens of Virginia sustain a loss of some hun-
dred thousand dollars annually by the escape of
fugitives. It is not necessary for me to say to the
Senate that you have not a law under which they
can reclaim their slaves, unless it be done at the
full cost of the slave. As to the legislation which
, the President projects, I have only heard the mes-
sage read, ana have had no time to consider it. I
. do not know whether it is all the legislation by
! Congress, in order to carry out the law, which the
subject is capable of. But I desire particularly ,
'' that the attention of the appointing power may be
called to the evasion and delays of the officers ex- I
ecuting the law; and I think the most efficient j
mode of executing the law would bp that instan-
taneous dismissal shall follow the least disposition
to evade the law, and more than all, the slightest
countenance given to those persons properly de-
nounced by the Senator from Kentucky—those
white men and negroes who protect this species of
property when arrested. Sir, the only case I have
heard of in Ohio was one in Which the law was
tested.Alt was a recent case, in which the person
(a female) admitted herself to be a slave before the
trial had progressed to any length, and she was of
course sent back. I will not longer detain the
Senate.
Mr. DICKINSON. I apprehend that the Sen-
ator from Virginia is mistaken in his statement
touching the case of Long. He must have con-
founded it in his mind with the Crafts case in Bos-
ton, where so many vexatious suits were brought.
I have never heard that a single suit was brought
against the claimant of Long, nor do I believe any
such suit was brought against him. The claimant
of Long unfortunately at first brought his case be-
j fore a parson who had been and was then claiming
to be a commissioner, but who was not a commis-
sioner; and in consequence he may have incurred
some liability, and he certainly did suffer some
delay from it. When that was ascertained the case
was brought before the district judge of the south-
ern district of New York, and was .subjected to
one of the most patient and laborious investiga-
tions that ever took place in a case of the kind. A
great issue was made up between those who were
determined to execute the law, and between those
who were prepared to resist it by legal resorts,
and the triumph of the law was most conclusive.
Perhaps no issue was ever more fairly ftade up,
nor more fairly tried, and the result was that the
fugitive was restored and returned. Now, I hold
the proceedings and termination of that single case
to be one of the best illustrations of the integrity
of the people and force of that law that can possi-
bly be conceived.
In the administration of justice, Mr. President,it
is not the direct and immediate benefit of the cases
decided which has the most beneficial influence on
the community. It is the preventive service, if I
may be allowed the expression, which gives legal
adjudications their greatest value. The investi-
gation of that case, as a leading or pattern case,
has shown that the law has all the necessary pro-
visions, and that, in obedience to a healthy public
opinion, it will be observed and will be executed;
and I trust it will be long before any one will un-
dertake to repeat the experiment by traveling
through an investigation so laborious, where the
evidence shows the right to be clear. This case
occupied a considerable time. It has done more
| to tranquilize the public mind, to vindicate the su-
t premacy of the law, to bring the true principles
and obligations of the compact to the considera-
tion of the great masses of the people than any
other which has been or soon will be decided. So
i far from this claimant having been rudely treated,
he was entertwied hospitably by residents of
New York; ^pry expense which he chose to
exhibit or name to them was paid by a committee
of the most influential and responsible citizens of
which that or any other city can boast; he had
able counsel furnished him, and every facility
shown him that could possibly be calculated to
give him a full and fair investigation, and to have
his property restored, if it was his. There was
' some delay, to be sure, and no one can prevent
delay in the ordinary administration of justice,
' and that fair resistance to a recovery which the
law would justify, when a great principle is to be
tested. But after the principle has been once de-
termined and settled, as it was in this case, it will
i do more good and give more force to the fugi-
tive law than hurrying off a thousand fugitives
without giving them a full and fair opportunity to
be heard. This law, it should be remembered,
had been deeried especially because it was strangely
i insisted that it suspended the writ of habeas cor-
pus, and every demagogue and fanatic throughout
the land had absurdly declared that the habeas
1 corpus had been annulled and overridden by the
: act of Congress. It was there practically ascer-
i tained to be otherwise, for the benefit of those
I who knew no better. This fugitive was brought
up on habeas corpus as often as his counsel
pleased, and he had able and experienced counsel,
but he was remanded again to the custody of the
law, when it was shown that he was held by legal
process. The case then is unfortunately chosen
I to show that the people of the city of New York
j neglected their duty, or that this law cannot and
] will not be executed.
Mr. HALE. I wish to say a few words in an-
, swer to some suggestions which have been thrown
i out by the honorable Senator from Kentucky.
The honorable Senator says that I have seemed
every time he got up to follow him, and he inti-
mates that I have such a vaulting ambition that I
i want to contend with him for the palm of oratory.
; No, sir; I know myself better than that; but I am
glad he has made that rerfiark, for it has explained
to me a slander which I had been utterly at a loss
to explain. It has been said by him that I have
sometimes taken occasion to get up and make
speeches when the gallery was full of ladies. This
suggestion of the Senator explains it.
Mr. CLAY. Does the Senator mean to say
that I have propagated any such slander?
Mr. HALE. No, sir.
