296
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 21,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
The Fugitive Slave Law-
-Messrs. Hale, Cass, Sfc.
Senate.
Mr. CLAY. What then do you mean, sir; I
should like to know.
Mr. HALE. I do not answer questions put in
that style, here or elsewhere. I am not to be put ,
down by loud talk or undertalk, by tall men or
short men. When the Senator undertakes to say
that my vanity is such that 1 exceedingly over-
estimated my powers, and that there are two opin-
ions in the community and in this body about those
powers, I submit that that ia all true; and I sub-
mit a'so, if there be a man on the footstool of God
that ought to know there are two opinions about
him, weigieed not go out of the Senate to find him.
I am not alone in that. Nor am I to be driven
from the expression of such convictions as I en-
tertain, in such language and with as complacent
a look as I can put on, within the rules of the Sen-
ate, at such times as my duty and judgment dic-
tate. I will now explain a remark which I think
did not need explanation by anybody else except
the Senator from Kentucky. I have said that I
had heard the slander that I had sometimes taken
occasion to speak when the gallery was full of la-
dies, and that that fact was explained by what the
honorable Senator from Kentucky has now said—
I always followed him, he selecting such occasions
himself; that is the only explanation which could
be given to the fact, for it seems, according to him,
that I usually followed him. I can assure the |
Senator and the Senate that I have no such ambi-
tion; and if such occurrences and coincidences
have taken place, it has arisen from the fact that
casually, incidentally, or purposely, the honorable
Senator from Kentucky has appeared as the pecu- ,
liar advocate and champion of measures upon this
floor which, in my humble judgment, demand the
reprobation of individuals holding the sentiments
which I entertain. And,sir,I am not the coward
to suppress them at his nod or bidding, or that of j
anybody else. But I leave them, as I do not in- 1
tend to be driven away from this^ubject by any
personal allusions made by anyb<^r.
I do not intend to say a single word in vindica- j
tion of Massachusetts. I am not so vain as that, |
vain as the Senator thinks me. But I do wish to 1
call the attention of the Senate to one historical i
reminiscence, which may possibly suggest to those i
who wish to find a vindication of the course of i
Massachusetts on this subject where to go for it.
I remember, sir, some two or three years ago, and
I think there are other members of this body who
recollect it, that an honorable Senator from South
Carolina [Mr. Butler] was making some remarks
in reprobation of the legislation of the free States
upon this very subject of the surrender of fugitive
slaves. It was years after the legislation that the
honorable Senator from Virginia has now read.
The present Secretary of State, then a Senator
from Massachusetts, rose in his place and said
that it did not become him to appear as the cham-
pion of all the free States, and he would not; but
he said that whoever intimated that Massachusetts
had been wanting in any of her Federal obliga-
tions, should find in liira an opponent ready to
take up that issue whenever and wherever it was
made. That, sir, was the remark made by that
individual on the floor of this Senate some two or
three years ago, and it seems to me that those who
want a vindication of the legislation of Massachu-
setts upon this subject had better apply to him
who so, long ago volunteered himself tne defender
of that legislation. So much for that. But I will
not trespass on the rights which belong to Mas-
sachusetts, for she is the last State in the Union
that would ever call on anybody except her own
sons to vindicate her fame, her soil, or her integ-
rity—the very last; and he would be the vainest
man that ever lived who should volunteer in such
a war, and I will not go into it.
But the honorable Senator from Kentucky has
' undertaken to magnify this negro mob by connect-
ing it with the efforts of what he pleases to style
Abolitionists, which is a pretty comprehensive term
all over the country. The old song has been
raised, "England is at the bottom of it." There
is an English emissary, one George Thompson,
and it is not improbable the insinuation will
spread, as it goes out of the walls of the Senate
Chamber, that this great negro mob of Boston,
against which the public is preparing itself, was
actually instigated by the emissaries of Great Brit-
ain. And the first thing we know of a call will
be made to the British minister to know whether ,
or not the Government of Great Britain tolerates
any such thing. Once for all I say it is utterly
idle. There is no wrath of man which can blow '
this into anything that is worthy of the parade
that is made about it. It is one of the simplest
and most isolated affairs that ever occurred; a !
momentary impulse to successful resistance to
law. It has been done in every civilized commu-
nity, and in every State of the Union, probably,
and will occur so long as mankind continue to be
what they now are. And if upon every such oc-
casion such a parade as this is made, it w'ill bring
the Government into contempt. You will make
the whole body of the people distrust the efficien-
cy of the Government in its regular operations.
Instead'of strengthening, you weaken; instead of
giving respect, you take it away; instead of add-
ing strength, you but make it weaker and weaker.
It is for this reason that I am utterly opposed to
taking any further notice of this matter. If ,
the constituted authorities of Boston shall ad-
vise the President that there is a shade of doubt
that they are competent to carry out the laws,
then, ant} not till then, will it be time for us to in-
terfere.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I have listened
with patience to this discussion. There is a great •
deal to excite the indignation of the Senator from
Kentucky, and I concur in much that he has said.
With respect to the course of the Administration,
which is condemned by the honorable Senator
from Virginia, it is no part of my business to
defend it; it has able and zealous friends enough
on this floor to do that; but I owe it to truth and j
candor to say, that as far as I understand the
I measures of the President, I approve them, and I
believe he is determined to do his duty firmly in ,|
I respect to this law; and as one member of the
Senate, I will say that if the law is defective, I
am willing to clothe him with any necessary power
I within the limits of the Constitution. I am pre-
i pared to do that.
But I rose principally to say, that I regret to 1
have heard the remarks of the .Senator from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Mason.] He will permit me to say
that I cannot see any good that will result from (
that strain of observation. I do not see any use
in a member of this Senate getting up and announ-
cing to the public that the law will not be execu-
ted. It does no good, and I believe myself, as j
one, that the Senator is totally mistaken. Why i
will it not be executed? The Senator from Vir-
ginia and the Senator from Massachusetts, the
other day, seemed both to say that public opinion
was against it. The Senator from Massachusetts
says that it will not openly be resisted, but it would
not be executed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I made use of
no such language. I expressed no opinion that
the law would not he executed.
Mr. CASS. If I did not very much misappre-
hend the honorable Senator, his remark was that
when public opinion was against the law, it was
decidedly useless to expect its execution, and that
public opinion was against it in his own State.
Mr. DAVIS. Nothing of the kind. I expressed j
no such opinion.
Mr. CASS. A gentleman near me informs me
that the Senator from New Hampshire [Mr.
Hale] uttered this opinion. I thought it was the
Senator from Massachusetts, but at any rate I
, think it apparent, from what was said by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, that the moral sentiment
of the country was, in his section of it, against the
law. Why does the honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia say it will not be executed ? For two rea-
sons, so far as 1 understood him; one l%al, and
one resulting from the state of public opinion.
That there are laws on the statute-book of Massa-
chusetts that should never have been there, and
which should be wipsd away instantly, no man who
loves the Constitution of his country, and wishes
the perpetuation of the Union, can doubt for a
single moment. They ought to be expunged.
But those laws will not interfere with the laws of
the United States. So far as they are unconstitu-
tional they have no legal existence, and will pre-
sent no real impediment to the execution of our
laws. The judiciary will condemn them, and our
laws will be executed. So far as the laws of
II Massachusetts are constitutional, no matter in what
spirit they may have been passed, we have no
right as legislators here to call them in question.
We may condemn the motive, but so far as re-
spects Massachusetts, she may make such laws as
she thinks proper within her own limits conform-
ably to the Constitution of the United States and
the constitution of that State. It seems to me sur-
prising that any man can be found within sight of
Faneuil Hall, that old cradle of American liberty,
who would hesitate for one moment to sweep for-
ever from the statute-book laws framed in such a
spirit and leading to such consequences.
Again, why cannot this law be executed? The
honorable Senator from Virginia says that the peo-
ple will not join in the execution of it; that the
people are opposed to it. What does the honor-
able Senator mean by that? He does not mean
that every man in Massachusetts should volunta-
rily get up and assist in the recapture of a fugitive.
He does not mean that, of course. If the Consti-
tution is carried out in good faith, and the owner
of the slave or his agent"is clothed with all the ne-
cessary power and authority, that is all you can
ask of the legislative department of the Govern-
ment; and all you can ask of the executive depart-
ment is, that neither the owners nor its officers
should be interfered y^i or resisted in the execu-
tion of the power given them by the law and by
the Constitution. But it is said that the people
are opposed to the law. That is no objection to
the validity of the law, nor to its due execution.
Opinion is one thing and actual resistance is an-
other. If a murderer escapes from Michigan into
Virginia, you cannot expect the population to rise
up and run after him. It is not reasonable to an-
| ticipate such a thing.
Mr. MASON. It would be done.
Mr. CASS. Would the honorable Sesator
leave Winchester, and go to hunt up a murderer,
' or forger, or thief who had escaped from another
State ?
Mr. MASON. I would, if it was necessary to
execute the law.
Mr. CASS. If it was necessary to execute the
law, of course he would do it with pleasure. So
, would I; and so would everybody with correct
i sentiments upon this subject. But I am speaking
of the voluntary action of the people, of their gra-
tuitous and uncalled-for interposition. The only
idea I meant to convey was, that the withholding
of this voluntary action does not constitute reason-
able ground for saying that the law will never be
executed. The public sentiment in Massachusetts
upon this subject is as unfortunate as it is wrong.
No man deplores it more than I do; but I believe
the law will be executed there, and wherever the
flag of the Union waves. That is my firm belief.
No man has a right to doubt it till the subject has
been fairly tried. A wonderful change in public
sentiment has taken place. It is going on, and will
go onward until the great object is accomplished.
We see it at the North, we see it at the West,
and all around us; and we cannot mistake it. As
my friend from New York [Mr. Dickinson] very
truly and impressively stated, the decision in the
city of New York, in the case of Long, has been
of great value towards carrying into effect the pro-
visions of the Constitution in relation to this sub-
ject. Its imposing manner, the length of time
taken to argue it, leaving everything free to be
discussed for and against the law, and finally the
delivering up by the officers of the United States,
aided by the police of the city, of the fugitive, was
a beautiful trial of public opinion, and an illustra-
tion of the effect of this law, and has been felt
throughout this Union from one end of it to the
other. Let us try the law, and not denounce it
beforehand. These foreboding predictions do no
good. It is not surprising, after the wonderful
agitation through which we have passed, that the
waves do not instantly subside. It is not in hu-
man nature.
Time must be given for reflection before a calm
can take place. Give these elements of sound
public opinion, and let it be seen that the law will
be carried into effect, and whenever resistance
arises to its execution, let it be at once put down
fairly and promptly. I believe in that manner the
object will be accomplished, and speedily.
I join in the general reprobation so well ex-
pressed by the Senators from Kentucky and Vir-
ginia, of the foreigner who has come to our coun-
