S98
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 21,
31st Cong 12d Sess.
The Fugitive Slave haw—Messrs. Clay and Hale.
Senate.
bear testimony to the fact, that the)' were not de- :
sceiulants of Africans; yet, as we all know in that |
case, testimony was deliberately listened to, and
the fact was clearly made out, that, although they
appeared to be while, they were descendants of
Africans, and that the claimant of them owned
them as property; they weie thereupon imme-
diately surrendered by the authorities. No at-
tempt was made whatever to disturb the execu-
tion of the law. They were taken over to Louis-
ville, but the generosity of the citizens of Indiana
prompted them to subscribe a sum sufficient to
buy these per- ons, and they were purchased at a
moderate price and set at liberty. I know of no
other instance which has occurred in Indiana,
though there may possibly have been some other
case.
We go to Cincinnati, and what do we find there ?
There was the case of a young female slave—prior
to theone to which the honorable Senatorfrom Vir-
ginia has referred—who was claimed, taken be-
fore a commissioner, adjudged to be the property
of the claimant, and quietly permitted to leave the
city without the slightest disturbance. The very
case to which the Senator alluded is an example
of the faithful execution of the law. What was
it? A woman had es aped. While her master
was pursuing her in the streets of Cincinnati, a
mob collected, and the cry of her being free was
raised. The man was pursued and the negro was
rescued. But she was retaken and carried before
the proper authority; that authority was in prog-
ress of examination of the fact whether she was
a slave or no slave; and towards evening, the
judge being about to postpone the case until the
next day, the negro woman got up and said, " let
me go home to my master." That probably is
the case with many of those household servants
"who are imprudently enticed away by abolition-
ists. She said " let me go hon^to my master."
There was, then, conclusive MHence of the ex-
istence of slavery. There wai^Pnclusive evidence
that the owner had a right to the property. Was
there any attempt made then to rescue her, or to
prevent her being taken on board the boat, and
transported to the residence of her master ? None
whatever. The law was fully and faithfully ex-
ecuted.
Now with regard to the case at Harrisburg.
Since this discussion has arisen, I have been in-
formed, and with perfect satisfaction to my niind,
that within a few days the Comptroller has passed
an account in which twelve or thirteen hundred
dollars were allowed to the marshal for carrying
the fugitive slaves back in that case to the neigh-
borhood of the honorable Senator from Virginia.
I will pass very rapidly over the other cases.
There \C'ere two cases in Philadelphia—one in
which the law was executed, and more than exe-
cuted; for a person who was no slave at all was
pronounced to be a slave, and was delivered up;
but the mistake was ascertained, and he was re-
turned. In the other case the law was fully exe-
cuted, and the slave was actually taken back to his
owner in Maryland. So in the case of Long, in
New York, which was the second or third case
which occurred in that great city. Long's trial, I
think, was a most beautiful exhibition of the moral
power of the law, and of the disposition of the
population of that great and glorious city to see
the law executed. It was in progress for two
weeks. Full deliberation was given. Witnesses
were heard pro and con, and the officer finally de-
cided that the claimant of the slave was his true
owner, and he was carried back through the free
State of New Jersey without molestation, through
Pennsylvania, through the State of Delaware, and
that part of Delaware which would be considered
as almost entirely free—through Wilmington—to
Baltimore, and then to Richmond, by the marshal,
or some of his deputies, ata great expense, which,
I dare say, when we come to read the accounts,
will be shown by them.
Now, what does the Senator from Virginia ex-
pect? He has mentioned no case in which there
has been a failure on the part of the claimant that
has pursued his slave to recover him. Did he
expect, upon the passage of the law, that, without
diligence on the part of the master, the s'ave was
to be returned to him at no expense whatever ?
Did he expect that there would be no evasions of
the law? How are they to be guarded against?
Why, we all know the way in which these things
are conducted. A negro runs away in the night,
and when he is in a free State he will be received
and harbored, by whom nobody knows. He will
silently and rapidly make his way to Canada.
How is this to be prevented? All laws, more or
less, are liable to be evaded; and that law, above
all others, will be most evaded where the object is
to recover a human being who owes service as a
slave to another; because, besides the aid and the
■ sympathy which he will excite from his particular
condition, he has his own intellect, his own cun- |
ning, and his own means of escape at his com- '
maud. Now, there are some persons who will
not pursue their slaves at all. Many will not give
themselves the trouble to go after them. But, be-
fore the law can be charged with any violation of
duty to the slaveholding States; before the Presi-
dent can be arraigned for any violation of his duty,
a case should be made out where, by the exercise
of proper diligence and vigilance on the part of the
executive authorities, the case of evasion could be
prevented. *
With respect to the case in Boston which first
occurred, what was done? The agent of the owner
of the slaves in that case himself, before he left
Boston, expressed to the marshal his entire satis-
faction with his conduct. The slaves were hur-
ried off, carried to another State, and transported
to England. What did the President do? He
submitted all the papers connected with the con-
duct of the marshal to the law officer of the Gov-
ernment, that officer himself from a slaveholding
State; and that officer, although he was not en-
tirely satisfied with the conduct of the marshal,
gave it as his deliberate and legal opinion that
j! sufficient ground for the removal of the marshal
11 had not been presented. I think myself that the
11 late case, without speaking at all of the one that
t previously occurred in Boston, does present a I
ground for his removal. What the President may
; do I know not. What I would do, if I were in
j his situation, I have no hesitation in Saying. I
j would remove him. He has shown that, either
' by himself or by his deputies, all those measures
! of precaution, in anticipation of what might oc-
cur, had not been taken, and he had failed to exe-
cute a law of the United States, by which he was
authorized to hire a jail for the purpose of the
security of the slave.
I think, then, that what I said when I was up J
before is perfectly correct. The law has been
executed, as far as we knew, in every free State
in the Union in which it has been brought into
operation, with the sole exception of the city of
, Boston. That being the case, I think there is no
just ground of reproach whatever towards the
Executive of the nation. I am happy to see the
Senator from Michigan, though'standing in differ-
ent political relations to the President, do him the
justice which lie has done this day by the decla-
ration of opinion which he has made. Sir, I am
perfectly satisfied, from all I know of the Presi-
dent and his Cabinet, that there is a most perfect
and immovable determination to carry into execu-
: tion the laws of the land, and to employ all the
means in their power in order to accomplish it.
I owe an observation to the honorable Senator
from New Hampshire. He seemed to intimate
that there was some purpose on my part to sup-
press the freedom of debate in his own particular
case. I think I know tolerably well what I am
capable of, physically and intellectually. There
are some works too gigantic for me to attempt,
j: and one of them is to atop the Senator from de-
j bate in this body. It is utterly impossible, and I
shall make no such vain endeavor. He must, as
George Canning once said, come into the Senate
every now and then "to air his vocabulary."
But the Senator made an observation with respect
to a high officer of this Government that I thought
unbecoming the dignity of the Senate, or the dig-
nity of the Senator. He spoke of the message
of the President as a contemptible and ridiculous
message.
Mr. HALE. The Senator is mistaken; I re-
ferred to the proclamation.
Mr. CLAY. I thought the Senator alluded to
the message; however, I think the proclamation is
one of the best parts of the message. Mr. Presi-
dent, an old maid of my acquaintance—the anec-
d'ot# has been told before—was running on, upon
one occasion, in the city of Baltimore, very much
against Napoleon, speaking of his conduct very
harshly, pronouncing him a despot, and all that.
A French officer, with the politeness which usually
characterizes that nation,being present, "Madam,
I am very sorry that you think proper to express
these sentiments of his Imperial Majesty, and I
have no doubt it will inflict great pain on him when
he hears of it." [Laughter.] The President will
feel about as much pain when he hears the opin-
ion which has been pronounced by the Senator
from New Hampshire upon a solemn and deliber-
ate act in the performance of a high duty.
It has been said that this is an isolated case. Do
you ever, sir, see the papers from Boston; I mean
the abolition papers from that city, and not only
from that city, but from other portions of the
country? Do you not see this Union denounced?
Do you not see a declaration that within thehmits
of Massachusetts the fugitive slave law never can
be executed? Do you not see advice given to the
blacks to arm themselves and kill the first person
that attempts to arrest them and take them back to
the service from which they fled? When you see
this, and when yo« hear of the blacks and whites
mixing together in public assemblies in Boston,
can you think that the blacks never heard the ad-
vice to arm themselves with revolvers and bowie
knives and put down any attempt to carry them
away? If you have read it, can you fail to be-
lieve that it must have operated on their minds,
and that they have thought with what impunity
they might rush into that court-house and commit
the atrocious scene which has been depicted?
Mr. BUTLER I came into the Senate this
session with a strong resolution not to speak on
this subject at all. But there are some topics in-
volved in this discussion which imperiously call
upon me to notice them. Now, what a comment-
ary upon the Constitution of the United States
does this debate present? It is gravely proposed
that the laws of the United States shall be so
amended as to enable the President, without proc-
lamation, to call into exertion the Army and Navy
apd the military force of the United States. To
do what ? To enforce an article of the Constitu-
tion of the United States, because I choose to speak
rather of the Constitution than of the law enacted
at the last session for the purpose of carrying the
Constitution into effect. Why, sir, our simple
ancestors, governed by good faith and a just re-
gard to the constitutional compact, required no
legislation for many years to carry into effect the
article of the Constitution for the reclamation of
fugitive slaves. I assert it, in -my place, that for
several years it was a self-sufficing article of the
Constitution; and in Boston, Philadelphia, or New
York, or in any other city, a fugitive from labor
would have been delivered up on demand and upon
proof of identity without any litigation whatever,
i How is it now? A single runaway negro has it
in his power to call into exertion the very highest
powers committed to the President of the United
States.
1 will make another remark in connection
with this subject. I do it with a firm belief of its
truth. That in Boston, in the community of Mas-
1 sachusetts, you may throw as much blame on the
marshal as you think proper, but the Federal of-
ficers will find it impossible by their mere exer-
tion of power to carry into effect this article of the
Constitution, and the law referred to for the pur-
pose of giving force to it. If they cannot call out
the posse comitatus, the very highest power which
a sheriff or a marshal has, it is in vain for them to
resort to Federal agencies as a limited and impo-
tent means to perform the duties of their offices.
Why, you are now attempting by auxiliary legis-
lation to do, what? To breathe life into an ex-
tinct article of the Constitution of the United
States. You are to supply from time to time,
from session to session, acts of legislation to com-
pel people who are opposed to the Constitution to
observe it—to resort to the Army and Navy, to
military force, to compel citizens to the duty which
honor, honesty, justice, and good faith had pre-
viously imposed upon them. It is perfectly in
vain, as has been said, in consequence of the sen-
timent which obtains in some of the northern
States, and especially in Massachusetts, with the
limited number of officers and the limited power
H which they exert over the eornmunity, to enforce
