1851.}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
699
31st Cong 2d Sess.
The Fugitive Slave Law—Mr. Davis of Massachusetts.
Senate.
this article of the Constitution. Sir, they are /
reconciled by a mere casuistry to see it vio- 1
toted; they are reconciled to it by the pulpit;
they are reconciled to it by designing politicians;
anii so long: as the question of slavery forma an
element of political agitation, you might as well
attempt to hush the winds by saying to them
"cease." As 1 said the other day, you might as
■well expect to keep a maniac quiet by singing lul-
labies as to undertake in this way to compel a
reluctant people to do their duty.
It has been said that this law has been executed
in good faith. Allow me to make one remark in
this connection, and I repeat it from what was
said by a member of the other House. Fifteen
thousand slaves have escaped and are in the free
States. How many of them are reclaimed under
this or any other law ? I would just as soon have
the law of 1793 as the present law, for any pur-
pose, so far as regards the reclamation of fugitive
slaves. 1 said so when this law was under dis-
cussion. The Senator from Kentucky has al-
luded to Indiana and some other States. What is
the fact in relation to Indiana? Why, Indiana,
Illinois, and Iowa, and some of the other States,
have come to the conclusion, while professing
philanthropy at one breath, to exclude these peo-
ple from their borders. I cast no censure .on
their policy. Their policy is to keep out all col-
ored people, bond or free. It is a matter of poli-
cy that they have consulted more than anything
else. They have avowed it to be their policy that
they will allow no black man to enter their bor-
ders hereafter, and the time will come when every
black man who has escaped from his master into
the State of Ohio will be expelled, not for anything
like a regard for the black man, but from a poli-
cy, and a policv which I see is likely to be intro-
duced into California. These persons would
have been far better to have been left as slaves, •
than to have been seduced under this philanthrop- j'
ic advertisement that they will be free. They
have been in the nominal position of freemen only
to be crushed, degraded, and excluded from em- !
ployment.
Gentlemen speak of the case in Boston as a mob
of negroes. Gentlemen may speak of it as they
please, but it is a symptom thus far, that they
will take the part of the fugitive slaves as long as
they can, not with a view to protect them ulti-
mately when they are free, but to exclude them
from employment. This very act in Boston will
have been communicated (through speeches deliv-
ered here, through speeches such as have been
delivered by the honorable Senator from New
Hampshire, which have excused the act) to every
southern State in this Union. Why, gentlemen
are absolutely holding a spark over a powder mag-
azine. I do not know that they can succeed in
exciting the slaves of the South to insurrection,
but it will dissatisfy them, and the creatures are
becoming every day more dissatisfied with their
condition; although it is absolutely certain that
their condition will be worse under the system of
policy and miserable philanthropy which has
been preaehed and practiced in some of the free
States—infinitely worse. I am the friend of the
black man compared with them, and he is a hypo-
crite who undertakes to preach in favor of a de-
graded race, when in fact he takes less care of
them than I would. I do not know how far this
law is to operate, but I will say that if a slave of
mine escaped I would not go through any course
of litigation to reclaim him; and if he had escaped
at a former time, and acquired a status, I Would
let him stay sooner than disturb him. So far as
regards the free people of color who have gone to
the North, the mo.st of them would be glad to
come back. I know itobecause I have had some
experience on the subj^K I was the means my-
self of sending some fifteen to Ohio, and I think
they would be glad to come back.
The consequences of such an act as this in Bos-
ton is not limited to the particular act itself, but
its consequences are now pervading this community
and creating a disturbance and dissatisfaction
among these poor degraded creatures which gen-
tlemen cannot measure. My friendfrom Virginia
has very properly said that when the States will
not execute this law, that when the people of the
Commonwealth of Massachusetts are averse to it,
H is perfectly vain to rely upon Federal legislation
to supply what the Constitution imposed upon
them as a duty. 1 will never give up that it was
a duty imposed on the people of the States them-
selves to surrender fugitives from labor. Never
was it expected thut we should have to resort to
the army, to the navy, or to the militia, and to
proclamations, to supply this piece of legislation
and that piece of legislation, and preach to the
country that the law will be executed. 1 say it is
but preaching. I say there will be but very few
cases in which you can reclaim a slave, for the
reason that you cannot detect where he is, because
persons in tlie free States will conceal him, will
throw all impediments in the way of his apprehen-
sion; and after his apprehension, you have to go
through a course of litigation to reclaim the prop-
erty which the Constitution required the States
themselves to deliver up. The recovery of the
property, it seems, is to depend on the physical
arm of this Government. The Army and Navy are
to be invoked to enforce an article of the Constitu-
tion, because a runaway slave has gone to Boston.
Now, what is the situation of this Government
when a runaway negro can produce such a state
of things, such discussions as this, and can make
such issues? It is a symptom of the times; and
just as certain as I am speaking, the notion which
the abolitionists are inculcating is increasing, and
the power is coming down upon the southern
States with the certainty of a descending screw.
We may for a while be still, as long as the persons
interested may make the arrest. We may sleep
for a while in the apprehension and the hope, but
it is a delusive hope. He who looks no further
than the present into this question chooses to dis-
guise from himself that we are walking upon a
precipice. These dangerous people have acquired
a powerful control over the public mind in the
non-slaveholding States. In some respects they
have acquired the balance of power, and many of
debates go on at the North all on one side, with
no one to combat them. The late law, I think, in
some measure has given rise to a freer sr.ope of
discussion, and to some extent it may produce a
pause; but as I have before said, it is only the
pause of a day. It is only the suspension of the
machine that is coming down upon us, and I look
upon my part of the country, unless there is some
mode to arrest it now, as a doomed and destined
portion, and that, too, not originating from an en-
lightened policy or from the principles of true phi-
lanthropy, but from hypocrites and demagogue*
who choose to sport, with safety to themselves,
with the elements of an agitation which is likely
to involve this country in ruin.
Mr. DAVIS, ofMussachusetts. Mr. President,
I have forborne to enter into this discussion while
there were points evidently of personal controver-
sy going on between gentlemen; but I should hard-
ly discharge my duty to the constituency which I
represent if I should not express some views
which I entertain upon Jhis subject. I am not
disposed to question the Jiotives upon which this
inquiry was set on foot. It will remain to be
seen, and history will tell us, whether this is one
of the fit and appropriate occasions for the exer-
cise of a power that I believe has been very
sparingly exercised during the existence of this
Government. The issuing of a proclamation by
the Executive Department of the Government,
which, in and of itself, necessarily implies that
there is existing in public feeling a sentiment which
is dangerous, or which requires in some way to
be controlled by the power and authority of the
Government, is the first step taken to stronger
measures. It is initiatory to those measures which
the message indicates. It indicates that it is to
be followed, if in the judgment of the Government
such a further step is deemed necessary, by the
military power of the government to subdue an
them aspire to the highest honors of the country j I insurrectionary aMfit, if I may go express myself,
and attain them. Am I to be told in the face of i! in that portion o^ihe co'mmunily
all this that our institutions are safe ? 1 do not be-
lieve a word of it. And 1 should not have been
true to my position here if I had not proclaimed
my convictions on this subject.
As regards this matter of recovering fugitives, I
would say, in justice to Pennsylvania, that I be-
lieve she is the soundest of all the non-slavehold-
ing States on this subject except the northwestern
States. I believe so. This law has never been
tested in the interior of New York, and other non-
slaveholding States. It has been enforced in the
city of New York, and there was reason for that.
The city had more intimate intercourse with the
South, and it was their interest to preserve friendly
Now, it may be true that this is a fitting and
proper occasion for the exercise of that power. It
may be true that this is a fitting and suitable occa-
sion for the denunciatory language which has been
employed in debate—denouncing the Legislature
of Massachusetts, the whole people of Massachu-
setts, the citizens of Boston, and the police of that
city, as wanting in duty, and as criminally negli-
gent in their Federal obligations. But, before we
reach that conclusion, it, really seems to be but
just that we should understand the facts which
exist, and that we should inquire whether or not
there is existing, or has existed, any general or
wide-spread opposition to the laws or measures of
and commercial relations with it. As I have said, the Government which authorizes such a step,
it is not this mere case, but you are sowing the * The message itself begins by stating that the
seeds of dissatisfaction and of danger among the Executive Department of the Government is not
blacks. I do not say that it will become very for-
midable, or that the dangers are likely to acquire
any great influence, but it is proverbial among our
overseers that every day ana every year the man- ,
agement of these poor creatures is becoming more
and more difficult. It is notorious in my own
State.
We say the Federal Government is bound to
protect us, and we say incendiary pamphlets ought
not to be disseminated. Why, the speech of the
Senator from New Hampshire is an incendiary
pamphlet, and we publish it at our own expense,
and it goes all over the country, and it will be read
by your authority. You may go through the
northern States, and you will find thousands who
applaud his sentiments, while there will be scarcely
one in a hundred who will sustain the Senator
from Kentucky in denouncing him. I do not say
that that is the case in all communities. I wish to
be qualified in my remarks. But I overheard a
remafk the other day by a Senator, that the uni-
versal sentiment at the North was in opposition to
this law. I do not undertake to arraign any man's
motives for being opposed to slavery in the ab-
stract, but I say he is the very worst man, if he
had the courage to look at the consequences, who
could make it one of the elements of his ambition.
While he may sport with it, while he may play
with it as a part of the political game, it is one of
those things that have brought this Confederacy,
once devised by wisdom and preserved by good
:.! - . « .  . f  i_:_i_ .ii-  *Un.
in possession of any official information which
enables it to speak with decision upon this sub-
ject. It has certain newspaper communications;
it is in possession of certain telegraphic commu-
nications; and upon these it has founded the com-
munication which has been made to the Senate.
I have read with some attention the various ac-
counts of this matter which have been published
in the newspapers, and I desire to recall the at-
tention of the Senate to this case, gathering the
facts from these sources. I cannot be answerable
of course for their entire correctness; but I have
no better means, and perhaps not half so good as
the Government, to acquire information." I ask,
then, what is the cause which arrests public busi-
ness and provokes denunciation of Massachusetts?
Why, we are told that a mob has appeared in the
very sanctuary of justice, and has rescued a per-
son from the custody of the marshal or his deputy,
and that, it is an act of great enormity and out-
rage. Well, thus much 1 believe: that the court-
house was employed as a prison, and that a mob
of colored people did break open the door of
that prison in open daylight, and did rescue one
of their own color there in custody. Thus much
is true. But the question is, does it follow that
this is one of those violations of the law which
bears not only the impress of outrage upon its
face, but of such danger to the future administra-
tion of justice as to authorize the interference of
this great Government in the exercise of a power
faith, to the peril from which the patriots of the seldom employed? oris it safe to leave this mat-
country have in vain attempted to rescue it. •The | ter to be disposed of by the ordinary operation of
