303
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 22,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
The Fugitive Slave Law—Mr. Downs.
Senate.
course nf judicial proceedings, the outbreak was
suppressed. All tell us that, had the Government
stru.'k a blow at the first exhibition of this vio-
lenre, springing: out of these previous concerts,
prepared for by the previous arrangements, the
country would have been saved what must stand
as an everlasting disgrace to Great Britain. Many
innocent lives would have been saved, and a vast
amount of the property of the innocent inhabit-
But the Government, not having put forth
. flrii!
a iWul in the beginning to stop this, these people
were stimulated to excessive violence and crimes,
by the supineness of the Government, giving an
opportunity to these persons to seduce the people
from their duties and to engage them in these haz-
ardous expeditions.
In my opinion, in issuing this proclamation the
President has done wisely. Sir, I know nothing
of any such proposition in a Government of laws
as that the question whether the law is to be exe-
cu!ed or not shall depend on the opinion of the
people whether they like it or not. He who obeys
only those laws that he likes, obeys no law; he
only follows his own inclination,and is no patriot.
He is no man of conservative principles; he is no
man worthy of being a citizen of a great and free
Republic, who does not hold himself ready at any
moment promptly to lend his assistance to exe-
cute those laws which are odious to him, as well as
those which he regards as being perfectly right.
When, therefore, we see the test made in apart
of the Union, that whether a law is to be executed
or not is to depend on whether tha people like it*
or not—when we see the Legislature of a great,
wealthy, and populous State coming forward and
passing laws making such a discrimination, allow-
ing assistance to the laws of the United State3 by
its own officers, when they like those laws, and |
withdrawing and prohibiting it, and treating the
United States as alien to their affections and op-
posed to their best interests and happiness, when
they do not like the law which has been passed
by the United States—I say when such things are !
seen, and when under the influences suggested a
opular outbreak has taken place, and a person
as been rescued from the hands of justice, the ;
President who does not consider that as an im-
irtant case, and as a case of high concernment to ■
lis country, is signally deficient in the high intel-
ligence which should belong to his station; and, if
so conceiving it, does not act at least with the
promptitude and energy which has characterized
the late proceeding of the President of the United
States, he proves himself totally unworthy of the
confidence and of the place which he holds.
Mr. DOWNS. My object in rising on the
present occasion, is to say that I do not at all con-
cur with my honorable friend from Virginia that
this fugitive slave bill has produced no fruits; that
it has not been carried out as effectually and as
successfully and in as good faith as any of us an-
ticipated, always excepting the single instance of
Massachusetts. And I must express my regret
that when, according to my impression, and as I
believe the impression of a majority of the people
of the South, the great mass of our friends at the
North have set themselves at work in earnest and
in good faith to carry out this law, and when they
have been so successful, and have had so little
time to quell dissatisfaction, the Senator from Vir-
ginia should have made these remarks.
The Senator from Virginia has referred to a
case which occurred at Harrisburg in relation to
the recovery of some slaves from his own neigh-
borhood. There were difficulties in the way" in
that case, and they could not be recovered and
taken away under the old law, but after the pro-
mulgation of the new law it was completely exe-
cuted, without riot, without disturbance, and
without difficulty. Yet the honorable Senator from
Virginia, though the claimants went from his own
neighborhood, says that this bill produced no
fruits.
Here the honorable Senator gave way to a mo-
tion to adjourn, and the Senate adjourned.
Saturday, February 29, 1851.
The Senate having resumed the consideration of
the subject—
Mr.JlOWNS said: Mr. President, when the
Senate adjourned yesterday I was stating some facts
in reply to the argument of the Senator from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Mason,] in which he had asserted
that the fugitive bill of the last session had not
yielded any fruits. I have a little more to say on
that point. I know that the period of the session
and the business before us require the utmost
brevity, and therefore I shall confine my remarks
to the very shortest possible space in making the
few observations which I feel it my duty to make.
I had mentioned yesterday the case of the fugi-
tive slaves at Harrisburg, in which instance the
law had been carried into execution immediately,
as one case where the law had produced beneficial
results. 1 do not deem it necessary to allude to
other cases, because they have been so fully and
so well stated by the Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Clay] and pthers who have referred to the cases
which have occurred in Indiana, Ohio, Pennsyl-
vania, and elsewhere, that it would be perfectly
useless for me to consume the time of the Senate
by referring to them.
I do not understand the Senator from Virginia
to deny that in these cases the law was fairly and
substantially carried out. There is one case which
has been alluded to in the debate of such a peculiar
character, and so exceedingly interesting, and one
which shows so clearly the disposition of the peo-
ple of the North on this subject, that 1 feel it my
duty to advert to it briefly. It is the case of
Long in New York. I consider that as one ofthe
strongest and best illustrations that could be given
of the disposition and ability of the people of the
North to carry out this law in good faith, and with
the utmost power which they can biing to bear
upon this subject. It was a question of no ordi-
nary occurrence. It was known that there was
decided opposition in some quarters in the city of
New York, in this instance, by those who were
opposed to this measure, called the fugitive slave
law. It was supposed there would be difficulties
thrown in the way of the recovery of the fugitive,
and every legal impediment was thrown in the
way; the writ of habeas corpus was tried, and thei'e
was a defect in the application of the officer, who was
not properly commissioned. Every difficulty was
thrown in the way, both technical and real, and !
all the ability which could be brought to bear upon
the case was brought by the counsel, because it
was a test case with regard to the efficacy of the
law. It was carried into effect, as I consider, suc-
cessfully and triumphantly. I think there was
nothing which occurred in that case that even the
Senator from Virginia or any other southern man
would have required to have been otherwise; and
I think it not only requires from us of the South
that we should express our approbation of it, but
that it should exact our applause. For it is no
ordinary occurrence for a people who have no in-
terest particularly in this subject, in a matter in
which they have no particular local interest, but
only from a love of the Union and a feeling of ob-
ligation to the Constitution and the laws of the
country—where a considerable proportion of the
people, and where public opinion to some extent
is against a measure—it is no ordinary case that
men of wealth and influence devote their time and
money, and lend their aid in every way, to carry
out the law. So far from our complaining, I
think they are entitled to the applause and grat-
itude of the Union. I believe it has been one
of the chief instruments in quieting and calming
public sentiment on this subject, and has gone fur-
ther than almost any other to convince the people
of the South that there is a proper spirit at the
North, and that the law will be carried out. But
for this occurrence the people of the South might
have agreed with the Senator from Virginia that
this law was inoperative.
But, Mr. President, the honorable Senator from
Virginia seems to admit that the law is formally
carried out, and while the honorable Senator from
South Carolina seems to admit that the law has
some efficacy, although the facts in this case are
such that they cannot be controverted and turned
around, yet the Senator from South Carolina has
suggested that although the law has been carried
out, it was done from motives of interest. I do not
see how that could detract very much from the merit
of the act itself. I suppose we formed this Govern-
ment and perform our duties from motives of in-
terest. And I suppose that all have an interest in
the preservation of the Union and the execution
of the laws; and I should be sorry to see at any
time any portion of the people come to the con-
clusion that they had no interest in this Union.
For what did we form this Union but from mo-
tives of interest? It was formed because our in-
terests would be promoted by it. Why did we
insist at the last session that the North ought to
execute their portion of the obligation in good
faith? Because they were interested in it. I know
there is a sentiment connected with the feeling
that exists in favor of the Union and in support of
the Constitution and law. I honor it as much as
any individual, and appreciate it as highly; but I
assert that this Union was based as much on rea-
son as sympathy, and that it never would have
been formed, and would not continue for a month,
®iless there were motives of interest as well as
others for its preservation. I think, then, that
the suggestion of the honorable Senator from
South Carolina [Mr. Butler] that the aid given
by the people of New York in carrying out this
law is entitled to little credit,and should have little
weight because they were interested, is wrong.
Mr. President, the honorable Senator from Vir-
finia, and I believe the honorable Senator from
outh Carolina also, adverted to the fact that it is
exceedingly difficult to execute these laws in the
North, in consequence of public opinion. Un-
doubtedly that has been the great difficulty hereto-
fore; undoubtedly that, to a great extent, has been
the difficulty before the passage of these laws.
We know very well that before the passage of
these laws it was not an isolated occurrence that
there was opposition to the laws, but that it was
an every-day occurrence; indeed the law was so
inoperative that we could scarcely look to it as a
remedy at all. You recollect the case which oc-
j curred in Michigan, and the case in which a man
> lost his life from Maryland. These difficulties
were in the way then, and without such efficient
laws as we have now. Public opinion did throw
obstacles in the way; and so strong was it that
it was expressed not only by private individuals,
but by legislative assemblies, conventions, and
societies. There was a strong feeling against the
execution of these laws heretofore, which made
the difficulties almost insuperable. Now, I sub-
mit to the Senator from Virginia whether the
same state of things exists as did exist then? Has
there not been a change in public opinion at the
North, and is not that change going on daily?
I What did we see at this time last year? There
were resolutions sent here from every northern
State except one in favor of the Wilmot proviso
and positive legislation by Congress which would
be objectionable to the South. Mr. President,
have any such resolutions been sent here at the
present session? No, sir—not one. Not only
that, but in some of these States they have re-
traced their steps. In Illinois, I understand, they
have passed resolutions expressing their approba-
tion of the compromise measures, which in some
respects are contrary to a resolution which they
had previously passed. The convention in In-
diana, coming directly from the people, express-
ing as clearly as any public body could do it the
views of the people, have expressed opinions in
favor of the compromise, and against opinions
which the Legislature had before adopted. This
has been the case in other States. The State of
Iowa is the only northern State in which there
were no resolutions passed objectionable to the
South; but they have passed a resolution, and so
has Wisconsin, which, though not directly upon
this subject, still they advert to it, and show a
most liberal spirit, and a change in public opinion
favorable to the institutions of the South.
Look at other States; look at Ohio, of all the
western States the one where it was supposed
that public opinion was stom^est against the inter-
est of the South, and whwe they appeared to have
heretofore done everything in their own way, and
what has been the case there recently? Why,
resolutions in favor of repealing the fugitive slave
law have been laid on the table. Not only that,
but those advocating'the free-soil doctrine in that
State, and who have exercised considerable influ-
ence to control the power of the Legislature, have
been utterly baffled, and everywhere prostrated.
This, I think, is a clear indication of the state of
public opinion.
How is it elsewhere? Look at Indiana—that
