304
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 22,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
The Fugitive Slave Law—Messrs.
O
Mason, Downs, and Clemens.
SK
NATE.
to the use of the army and navy for this pur-
pose; but that he referred to the necessity of it as
an unhappy omen, an indication that we could not
expect this law to be faithfully executed, other-
wise this would not have been necessary.
I repeat that I object as seriously as the Senator
from South Carolina to the employment of the
military force in the execution of the law, and
shall always consider it as a calamity when the
coujfry is in such a situation as to require it. The
instances in our history have been very rare in
which it has been required, and I hope that they
will be rare hereafter. I do not think the military
force should be resorted to without good cause.
I do not pretend to say whether in this instance
the President has acted wisely or not in the present
state of the question. It was not with that view
that I adverted to it at all, but to show that in the
very fact that the President of the United States
has deemed it necessary to suggest that the army
and navy should be brought in to carry out this
law, in which the South is so much interested; in
the fact that a northern President, with a northern
first officer of the Cabinet, upon a question of this
kind, should consider their obligations to the Con-
stitution and the South, while perhaps some indi-
viduals in that quarter of the Union would not
have deemed it necessary; so far, I say, from con-
sidering this an evil, it is one of the best omens
connected with this question. It says to the South,
not in plain words but by acts, that we may with
safety and confidence rely upon the fact that the
authority vested in the President to carry into
effect the Constitution and laws in which we are
interested, will be employed, and that therefore we
ought to wait patiently to give a fair opportunity
for its execution.
I woulji ask the Senator from South Carolina if
Some time ago, if twelve months ago, on this very
floor, the proposition had been made to authorize
the President of the United States to employ the
army and navy in protecting the South, or southern
interests, it would have been acquiesced in then as
this will now. No, sir; we should have had an
excitement exceeding anything we have had, if
such a proposition had been made twelve months
ago, or at any time before that. Now, J see
scarcely any objection except that which comes
from the quarter from which all objections come
to anything which would carry out this law. So
far from seeing anything ominous of evil to the
South in this, I think it is one of the clearest indi-
cations we could have of the disposition of this
Government, Congress, and the nation to carry
this law faithfully into effect.
I do not think it necessary to go into any re- \
marks with regard to the laws referred to by the
President in his message. If this message shall
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, I
shall deem it my duty, as a member of the com- ,
mittee, to look into it well, and if it is deemed ne-
cessary to give additional powers to the President on
this subject, I for one am disposed to give him all
proper powers. He has given us no reason to doubt
his sincerity and fidelity in carrying out this law. I
think it is the duty of Congress to give such power, <
and for one I shall do it most cheerfully. So will-
ingly would I do this, that I would have done it
without saying a word on this subject, as I have
not done so before at this session. I even pre-
ferred that from the members from my section not
a word should be said on this subject, because I
considered that the people of the North were taking
up this subject, and it behooved us to look on and
wait events rather than to participate in them; cer- |
tainly not to throw obstacles in the way. There-
fore, I should not have said one single word had I
not thought that the opinionsadvanced by the Sen-
ator from Virginia were so little in accordance
with the general public sentiment of the South;
and not only that, but because I think it was cal-
culated to do injury, that I felt it my duty to inter-
pose.
Mr. President, when we want people to do their
duty, when we want our associates or any persons
connected with us in any way to do their duty,
the proper way is not to find fault with them un-
necessarily. You cannot expect it if you do. It
is not justice, it is not wisdom. You ought rather
to encourage them, and give to their conduct a fair
and impartial consideration rather than find fault.
I cannot conceive a thing calculated to do more
harm to the South than the fact that when many
people of the North—and we know there are a
great many—who not only in good faith, but who
are actively and zealously endeavoring to carry
out this law; when they have effected much and
are likely to effect more; when the crisis has not
yet passed, and the matter is not finally termin-
ated; and when up to this time there has been
scarcely any cause of complaint, that we should
under such circumstances complain against the peo-
ple of the North for not carrying out this law.
Out the Senator from Virginia says this law has
not prodmed fruits.
Mr. MASON. I hope the Senator will allow
me a word. I really wish to be understood in the
proposition which I advanced yesterday. I did
not say that this law had produced no fruits.
What I meant to say, and what I presume I did
say, was in substance—for it was what I really
thought—that the general expression used by the
Senator from Kentucky in his remarks when the
message came in, that the law had been executed
and had done its office everywhere except in
Boston, was a declaration to which I could not
assent. My general opinions which I endeavored
te express were, that, although the officers of the
law, so far as I knew, had done their duty except
in the city of Boston, and there only in the case
of the Crafts had not done it—because in the late
case I believe they did do their duty so far as they
had the means of doing it—and although the offi-
cers were disposed to administer this law honestly
and fairly, yet experience so far had shown that
the difficulty was in the spirit of the people in
whose midst the law was to be executed, and that,
therefore, the South had no right to expect it. I
said it was not enough to say that the law was
not resisted by open violence, but it must be exe-
cuted with alacrity and good faith in order to pro-
duce the fruits that were to be expected from it.
That was all I meant to say, and my reason was
that in many instances presented to me from Vir-
ginia the attempt to execute this law in the country
and among a sparse population, so far from the
people of the vicinage giving aid and encourage-
ment to those who went to secure their slaves,
they concealed them and aided them in escaping,
and thus frustrated the officers. All that I meant
lo say was, that I should not consider that the law
had produced fruits, unless it was executed among
the people where it was to be executed with alac-
rity, diligence, and zeal.
Mr. DOWNS. I did not remember the words
of the Senator, perhaps; but my view was sub-
stantially as he has explained. I have but a word
more to say. I wish to ask the Senator from Vir-
ginia if he really believes that the law has not pro-
duced such fruits as ought to have been expected,
and would he be willing to part with it ? We know,
sir, that few public men, perhaps none—I say it
I neither in praise nor in censure—are bolder and
more decided in their opinions and course than
| that Senator; but I venture to say that, with all
i his boldness and all his energy, he would not ven-
I ture to lay on the table of the Senate a proposi-
tion to dispense with it. If he would not, I think
it is evidence that it has produced some fruits. I
think it has done so, at least, and therefore I wish
to see it preserved and carried out. There were
some other points to which I would have adverted,
but I have made my remarks short purposely, as
the period of the session and the time wanted
for other business would not allow me to prolong-
them.
Mr. CLEMENS. The Senator from South
Carolina [Mr. Butler] stated yesterday that he
had determined at the beginning of this session to
take no part in any discussion relating to slavery.
I do not recollect to have formed any resolution
at all upon the subject. But certainly I have felt
extreme reluctance to engage in any discussion of
the sort, and my practice has been not to do so.
I was not among the number of those who favored
the compromise measures of last session. I did
not expect from them those immediate healing re-
sults predicted by their friends. But after they
were passed, after they became the laws of the
land, it seemed to me to be the duty of every
good citizen to give them a fair and impartial trial.
If they worked well, the quiet of the country
would be restored, and our institutions freed from
t a great danger. If, on the other hand, they should
turn out to be inadequate to the purposes of their
adoption, it would then be time enough to seek
means of redress, and resort to other remedies,
however painful, for an evil which experience had
demonstrated the inability of Congress to cure.
Acting upon this principle, I earnestly endeavored
to quiet all agitation in my own State, and freely
staked my political fortunes on the result. It may
well be imagined, therefore, that I have watched
the course of events with some solicitude, although
I have watched them in silence.
There is but one of these measures which, in the
nature of things, is capable of repeal, or which can
be made the subject of agitation. That one we
are now considering. And if I believed that it was
Ectically a dead letter, I should at once say the
e for a dissolution of this Union had come. If
I believed that this law could not be executed, I
should not hesitate to say that a Government so
weak and so inefficient could not afford security
to the citizen, and that the experiment of self-gov-
, ernment made by our fathers was a failure. It
seems to me that those who entertain the opinions
we have heard expressed, those who believe that
there is no practical efficacy in the law, and that
it cannot be executed, ought at once openly to ad-
vocate the dissolution of the Confederacy, forsurely
I that is what they must mean, if they mean any-
thing beyond an aimless agitation. To us, in Ala-
bama, this law in a pecuniary point of view is
valueless. We do not lose, on an average, one
negro in five years. But there are other lights in
which we view it. If a plain provision of the Con-
stitution can be nullified at will, we have no se-
curity that other provisions of that instrument will
' not meet a similar fate, and finally that a state of
things may be brought about,compared with which
II revolution, with all its admitted horrors, would be
trifling indeed. I say, then, convince me that this
law cannot be executed, and you convince me that
this Government is and ought to be at an end.
But, sir, what are the facts? It is proper that
the country should know and understand them.
[ What are the facts in relation to the execution of
j this law? I need not repeat the instances cited by
i the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. ClayI yester-
I1 day, and the Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Downs]
to-day. But, sir, there is one thing they did not
< state, which is important to be known. In the
States of Illinois and Iowa fugitives have actually
been arrested by citizens of those States, and taken
back to theirowners without any previous demand,
or any effort on the part of the owners beyond
what is usually made in the slave States them-
! selves, in like cases. It was admitted by the Sen-
; ator from Virginia [Mr. Mason] that the whole
' Northwest was sound upon this subject. It was
admitted by him that the law could be executed in
the State of New York. It was admitted that it
! could be executed in the State of Pennsylvania,
and the Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale]
told us the other day that it had been over-executed
there; that a freeman had been kidnapped and sent
into slavery.
I This was a double mistake, and it was one of
those mistakes which it is the Senator's misfor-
tune frequently to make. The person arrested
was not sent into slavery in the first place, and in
the second place he was not a freeman. The mis-
take was that the wrong master got hold of him;
and as there was no person present to claim him,
he was permitted to go free, although he was then
in the heart of a slave State. I have known wider
mistakes to occur in the State of New Hampshire,
and the Senator ought to be charitable when he
has occasion to speak of such things. There is a
story that once upon a time, in the State of New
Hampshire, a negro made his way to the house
of a citizen of that State, high in office, and, to
use the phraseology of^jte Senator from New
York, [Mr. Seward,] hSPhis weary limbs at the
door, and poured out the tale of his sufferings to
sympathizing ears. He drew amoving picture of
tne horrors of slavery, and with tears m his eyes
recounted the means by which he had escaped
from the lash of the taskmaster. He pointed to
his limbs, and assured his hearer that the manacles
had just been stricken from about them. He
added that the blood-hounds were still upon his
trail, and pleaded in the name of humanity for
• succor and fir shelter. Well, it so happened that
; in the bosom of that citizen the milk of human
