1851. J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
305
31 st Cong 2d Sess.
The Fugitive Slave Law—Messrs. Hale, Clemens, &fc. Price $ 1 50 for this Session.
kindness was abundant. He listened, believed,
pitied, and sheltered; the hospitalities of his house
were freely bestowed. But lo, and behold, after
a while it turned out that the fugitive was no fugi- i
tive at all! He was a freeman, and had his free !
papers in his pocket at the time, a discovery which,
of course, when made, excluded him from nil sym-
pathy, and was an effectual bar to any claim for
assistance. When such mistakes are made in the
State of New Hampshire, I submit that the Sena-
tor should be a little charitable if similar mistakes
eccur in Pennsylvania or other States.
But, to return to the matter more immediately
before us. It has been established by Senators who
have preceded me that everywhere it has been at-
tempted, this law has been faithfully executed ex-
cept in the State of Massachusetts.
ilr. HALE. Will the Senator give way to an
inquiry? The Senator from Alabama seems to re-
fer the story to me. It is entirely new to me. The
facts are as new to me as to any member of the
Senate. I do not undertake to contradict them,
but every word is new to me.
Mr. CLEMENS. I cannot answer for the dif-
ference of memory the Senator from New Hamp-
shire manifests at different times; but he certainly
told me the story some ten months since, in pres-
ence of others, including, I think, the Senator from
Tennessee, in reference to himself.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator give
way?
Mr. HALE. I think the Senator will give way
when he questions my veracity in that manner. I
think I do remember the circumstance to which
the Senator from Alabama has reference. I recol-
lect telling the Senator that an attempt had been
made upon me in that way by an individual rep-
resenting himself to be a fugitive from slavery.
He came to my house, but after a few minutes'
conversation I was satisfied that he was not a
slave but an impostor; and I told the Senator that
I distinguished him from this fact, that he stood
in my presence with his hat on, and I knew that
slaves at the South were so well educated that they
would not stand with their hats on in the presence
of a gentleman.
Mr. CLEMENS. I do not recollect how long
he was there, and it is not material. The harbor-
ing, or the intention to harbor a slave, and the re-
fusal to assist a freeman, is the main point; and
that I do not understand to be denied. I said,
that everywhere, except in the State of Massachu-
setts, this law had been faithfully executed.
There, as we all know, it was once evaded, and it
was once openly set at naught. But what does
that establish? That the law is a nullity? Par
from it. That the people of Massachusetts are
determined to array themselves in open opposition
to the General Government? No such thing.
This very case furnishes evidence that the law can
be executed in Massachusetts. This same fugi-
tive, when he had traveled one hundred and twen-
ty miles from Boston, dared not attend an abolition
meeting in an interior town until he had disguised
himself as a female—a clear proof that the Aboli-
tionists themselves not only believed the law could
be executed, but would be if the fugitive made his
appearance publicly. But that is not all. A pa-
per has been laid upon my table just now, contain-
ing an ordinance passed by the Mayor and Com-
mon Council of Boston, as follows:
" Whereas this Board has learned with deep regret that
the integrity of the laws and the dignity of the Common-
wealth and city have been greatly impaired by the forcible
rescue and abduction of a prisoner from the hands of an
officer of the United States who had him in legal custody;
therefore it is
" Ordered, That the City Marshal, under the instructions
of the Mayor, be directed, whenever he shall be properly
informed by a public officer of this State, or the United
States, that there is danger that he shall be unlawfully ob
■tructed in the performance of his official duties by a mob,
and that he needs his assistance, immediately to repair to
the place where it is apprehended said riot will be had, and
there faithfully and truly, with the whole police force under
his control, use the same, in the most energetic manner
po-isible, in support of the law, and the maintenance of the
public peace."
Then, sir, here is evidence from the Mayor,
Common Couneil, and people of Boston that the
law.can be executed, and that they are determined
to use proper means to insure its execution. A
rescue by a mob might have occurred anywhere,
and although it must always leave a stain on the
New Series—No. 20.
community in which it occurs, it is by no means
conclusive proof that the community sanctions
such proceedings. I recollect once that a mob in
the vicinity of Boston burnt a convent to the
ground. A play actor produced a mob in New
York that flooded the streets with blood. In
Philadelphia, church after church was burnt down,
and other acts of violence committed. In Balti-
more, within forty miles of this place, the dwel-
lings of eminent private citizens were entered and
the furniture destroyed for political causes. In
the Southwest a band of murderers in more than
one instance have set the laws openly at defiance
for weeks at a time. A mob may triumph any-
where, and it would be exceedingly unjust to
charge upon the community in either of the cases -
I have mentioned anything like sympathy with
the wrong-doer. No one ever thought of doing
so. No great sectional interest was at stake. No
jealous fears existed to magnify an outrage into
an insurrection, and elevate a not to the dignity
of a rebellion. I do not mean to palliate in any 1
degree what has been done in Boston. There is j
no language too strong to be applied to it—no term
of condemnation it does not merit. I only mean
to show that it is possible for a mob to triumph i
over the public sentiment of any community for a j
time, and that every violation of law does not ne-
cessarily imply corruption in the citizens among
whom it is committed.
I have no personal knowledge of what maybe the
public sentiment of Massachusetts. I do not know'
whether that sentiment will aid or oppose the
proper officers in the execution of the law; and I :
do not greatly cam. They may have as many
abstract theories about the sin of slavery as they
please, but if they attempt to reduce those theories
to practice contrary to law, they will find that this
Government has the power, as it assuredly has
the will, to enforce the execution of any act of
Congress in any State of this Confederacy, while j
! it remains a member of the Union; and no matter
what may be public opinion in Boston, or any-
where else, it must bend to the public opinion of
the Republic. The Senator from Massachusetts
intimated on yesterday that the President had ,
acted somewhat hastily in this matter. Sir, the
Senator would be right if this was a mere case of
the rescue of a person charged with murder—-with
any other felony—with anything, save being a
runaway slave. But it must be recollected tliat
this is a subject upon which the people of one half j
of the States of this Union feel a deep and absorb- j
ing interest. It must be recollected that every ar-
rest of a fugitive is watched with intense jealousy,
and the whole proceedings are scanned by those <
who are but too willing to create discontents
against the Government. The tempest which has
recently shaken our political fabric has by no
means subsided; the clouds have not yet dispersed;
the mutterings of the thunder have not yet died
away; the forked lightnings still play upon the
horizon; and the fierce howhngs of the wind which
bore along the wild cry of disunion are still dis-
tinctly audible. Under these circumstances the
President would have been false to the high trust
confided to him, false to his country, false to his '
own fame, if he had hesitated one moment to give
public assurance of his determination to vindicate
the violated majesty of the law, and carry out by
force, if need be, the mandates of the Constitution.
Nay, more, sir—the very men who now make
light of his proclamation would have been the first
to denounce and upbraid him if he had exhibited
the least hesitation as to the line of his duty. Sir,
I honor him for his course, and if the approbation
of a political opponent, who has in times past
done him some wrong, be at all grateful to him,
let him be assured that not I only, but thousands
of others of my political friends heartily thank
him for what he has done, and fervently thank
God that we have in this crisis a patriot and a
statesman at the head of affairs who knows his
duty and dares to perform it. i
The Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Butler]
indulged yesterday in something like complaint of
the passage of laws in Indiana, Illinois, and other
; States to exclude negroes from their borders. Are
' such laws new to the Senator ? If my memory is
, not at fault there are similar acts upon the statute-
] books of his own State. It was once a part of the
i constitution of Mississippi. It is now the law in |
Alabama, and an owner who desires to emanci-
pate a slave must send him beyond the limits of
the State.
Mr. BUTLER. I hope the Senator will allow
me to make an explanation, as I do not wish to be
misrepresented, and I am sure the Senator does
not design to misrepresent me. I expressly said
that, so far as regards the policy of those States,
Indiana, Illinois, and perhaps Ohio, I should not
undertake to question it. I am sure thaj I said so,
because I generally qualify my remarks. But, at
the same time, I did undertake to say that, so far
as regards the condition of these people, it had
been made worse by the very system of legisla-
tion they were about to pursue; that they were
enticed there, seduced to escape from their mas-
ters, with the promise of protection. I then de-
nounced the harshness of this treatment, in driving
them out of their borders under such circum-
stances.
Mr.' CLEMENS. That is a proposition which I
do not intend at all to controvert. I agree entirely
with theSenatorfrom South Carolinain that respect.
But that has nothing to do with this case. The
point of view in which we should regard the treat-
ment of the negroes by the people of Illinois is
foreign to the present subject.
The question is whether the laws alluded to by
the Senator afford any evidence of hostility to
southern institutions, and wheth^toin their opera-
tion they are beneficial or hurtflRo the South ?
A question which there is no difficulty in answer-
ing. I imagine there is no one among us who
would not ratner have a law in every free State
that no slave should ent#rits borders, than to have
a law, however stringent, providing for their re-
capture. In the one case his escape is entirely
prevented, in the other, you must take the chances
of his recovery. The northwestern States, then,
have done precisely what we wanted done—they
have struck at the root of the evil. They not ,
only tell us that we may recapture our slaves, but
they go beyond the fugitive law, and say that-fu-
J gitives shall not come among them. Does this
i afford just cause of complaint? Ought it not to
be the subject of congratulation, rather? Ought it
not to be regarded as another and the highest evi-
dence on the part of the great Northwest of their
determination to preserve unbroken the bonds of
i brotherly love, and maintain unimpaired the so-
cial and political ties which link our destinies to-
gether? If their fealty to the Constitution was a
, matter of any doubt before, it has now ceased to
j be so, and the South, even if disposed to censure,
which is not the case, would look in vain for any
1 cause of reproach. The people of the Mississippi
! valley, whether upon its northern or its southern
I waters, must have a common destiny. Their
| commerce flows through the same channels; the
j same blood courses in their veins, and no matter
j what may be attempted on the Atlantic coast,
there is a mighty power beyond the mountains,
at whose bidding the waves of faction must roll
i back, and the lawless preachers of sedition be
awed into silence.
I have thought it right to say this much in con-
sequence of the range which this debate has taken;
; I do not feel that it is necessary to say more; and
I conclude with the remark that the President has
! done his duty faithfully and promptly, nor have I
i any doubt but that he will be found equal to any
future emergency.
Mr. BORLAND. No one, Mr. President, can
regret more than I do, that this subject has been
introduced into the Senate. No one would enter
into its discussion with greater reluctance; nor,
indeed, shall I say more than a very few words
upon one or two points. But, since it is here, and
occupies, as it never fails to do when introduced,
an overshadowing prominence among our pro-
ceedings, I avail of the occasion it presents to do
' what I regard as an act of justice to myself—to
say here what I have already said^ at home. My
' constituents know, and I desire it to be known
here, that had I been here when the fugitive slave
law was passed at the last session, I should have
voted for it. Severe and protracted domestic af-
j fliction occupied and detained me beyond the time
' when I could resume my seat and perform that
duty. But, sir, while I should have voted for the
bill as a means proposed to secure the observance
of a constitutional obligation, it is due to truth to
