1B51.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
30?
31st Cong 2d Sess.
The. Fugitive Slave Law—Messrs. Tumey and Clemens.
Senate.
which, if done at all, we must do this important
work ? All of yesterday was consumed by this
agitation—all of to-day is likely to be; and how
_ many more days, who can tell ? Such a state of
* things needs no comment. t
In conclusion, Mr. President, among the many
things which strike me with much and painful
force, in this connection, there is one circumstance
which greatly surprises me. Not, sir, that I ques-
tion any man's motives for what he may say or do '
here—not that I doubt his patriotism—not that I
shall undertake to arraign now the wisdom of any
measure which any Senator may feel disposed, or ,
deem it his duty, to introduce. But I am surprised i:
that this occasion for excitement here should have ,
come from the quarter it has. 1 must say, sir, it
was the quarter from which I least expected it—
from which, I think, the country least expected it. ;
From the same quarter we had received the meas- j
ures which were to bring peace, and which, by |
the same authority, we were assured had brought
peace to Congress and the country—from that
same quarter now comes the only force which has i
seriously disturbed, or seems capable of disturb-
ing, that so much desired, and so loudly^proclaimed
peace. I am very sure my constituents, and I
think the whole country, will partake of my sur-
prise. God grant that the arm which has raised
this storm, may find power, commensurate with
what I am sure must be its will, to allay it!
Mr. TURNEY. I am one of those who advo-
cated the passage of the fugitive slave bill, not be-
cause I thought it would be productive of much
good to the southern section of the Union, but
that it was carrying out a provision of the Consti-
tution. But I did not believe it would do much i;
good, because I did not believe it would be exe- j
cuted in good faith. But while I make the broad !1
declaration of the opinion which I entertain, I j!
must confess that I did not expect to see the law > j
met and put down by mobs in open day, as has j
been done. 1 had seen from the northern papers
that clubs and societies had been formed there for 1
the purpose of defeating the execution of the law,
and that these clubs and societies existed not only
in the cities, but in every district of country, and !
that they were in the haoit of watching strangers |
who entered the country, to ascertain the object of |
their visit. In order to find out their business, or j
whether they have come to arrest a fugitive slave j
or not, they will have some one of the club con- 1
trive to lodge in the same room, or they will travel
in the same car, so that nothing can be done by
any such stranger which is not known. All his (
movements are watched, and if they find he is in 1
pursuit of a slave they will find where the slave is, '
if possible, and give notice to him and assist him !
in making his escape. In this manner I supposed
the object of the law would be defeated entirely; .
for I did not suppose that in any civilized commu- I
nity force would be necessary to be resorted to for |
the purpose of carrying the law into execution.
Hence we can easily account for the fact that
while there are some fifteen thousand of these fugi-
tives in the free States, only some four or five
slaves have been recaptured under this law. They
must be caught before they can be tried,and before
they can be released by a mob. But under this
discipline and management in the northern States,
they can be caught very rarely indeed.
Now, so far this speaks the state of public sen-
timent at the North in regard to a faithful and
honest execution of this law. We all knoy that
to raise a mob and rescue a negro when he has
been arrested is a very high-handed and lawless
act. That was not to be expected, and I presume
no man in the South anticipated any such thing.
Their fears were not that force would be resorted
to in order to evade the law. But knowing that
many believed the law to be a violation of the
Constitution, and in violation of the higher law,
and that they would give every facility they could
for slaves to escape, by watching the movements
of every man who should come among them for
the purpose of securing his slave, and by notify-
ing the slave in time to allow him to make his es-
cape, they felt convinced that the law would be of
very little value. We hear northern Senators ad-
mitting that the public sentiment in the North is
opposed to the law. It is in Massachusetts, and
perhaps in other States. And yet we have an ar-
gument from southern gentlemen to show that the
law will be executed there in good faith. Now,
I am one of those who did not believe it would be
faithfully executed; but I must say I was greatly
surprised at the outrageous acts in the city of Bos- ,,
ton. I did not expect that mode of resisting the 11
law; and although I knew the anti-slavery feeling I j
had reached a high pitch in that section of the coun- !
try, I did not expect that it would be manifested '
in that manner. I know of an instance in which i
a Tennessean went to Michigan in pursuit of his j
slave, and the slave was notified in time, so that ■
he could be aided in getting over into Canada.
The execution of the law was defeated—not by a
mob, not by force or by a resort to arms—but it"
was defeated in that way in which, in my judg-
ment, it will be defeated in ninety-nine cases out i
a hundred where an attempt ismade to arrest a
fugitive. When this measure passed we were to
have concord; all disturbances were to be at an ,
end, and brotherly love was to be restored between :
the North and the South; and there was to be no *
cause of bad feeling; all was to be burried in what ,
was termed the compromise bills—which, by the 1
way, were not compromise bills. How many
southern men voted for the bill to abolish the slave
trade in this District? How many southern men |
voted for the admission of California, and how j
many northern men voted for the fugitive slave !
law ? To make a compromise there must be two |
parties. If this be a compromise, both parties
have acted in bad faith, and have shown them-
selves unworthy.
The compromise measures, called the -omnibus,
were defeated, broken down. Aft el-wards another 1
system of measures was passed, which may be
properly called force bills, for they were forced j
through by the majority against the will of the
minority. These force bills were to restore peace,
harmony, and concord to this nation; all the bleed-
ing wounds were to be healed, and we were to
have the finest state of feeling that had existed
since the establishment of our Government. At
the commencement of the present session we had j
them announced I believe in the message of the
President, and they were termed measures of peace.
Peace was said to be .the result, and harmony and 1
concord. All bitter feelings were at an end, and
, brotherly love breathed at the North and South. 1
It was repeated on the floor of the Senate, and on
the belief that it was accomplished, and the great
object effected, we see, from the newspapers, that
a great national Union party was formed, upon
which the Union was, as a matter of course, to be
preserved to the end of time, with a pledge founded
upon the same measures which had restored this ;
peace and harmony to a distracted people, with a
sacred pledge that no one of these measures was
ever to be touched, but they were to remain in-
violate, except when the majority of those who
had pledged themselves assented to it. Sir, they
, even bid defiance to the instructions of their con-
stituents; their instructions could not reach those
gentlemen who had signed this pledge. They
1 must adhere to the. pledge and to the support of,
i these measures for the sake of the Union. j
Now we are told that further legislation is re-
quired; that more is necessary to give effect and
potency to these measures of peace, and harmony, |
and concord. We have about one week of the
session left, and as certain as a measure shall be
brought forward to enable the President better to
execute the law, we shall have proposition after ,
proposition introduced here for discussion. For I
it so happens that all the members of this body did
not sign this pledge, and all did not concur in these
peace measures, because they did not believe in
their efficacy as a means of producing concord,
harmony, and peace. There were opponents to
these measures who were not admitted to join in
this great national union party, and there are
' among them these outsiders, those who are most
violently opposed to the fugitive slave law. I do
not belong to that class; I belong to the class who
will sustain it so far as I can, and will oppose any
1 repeal or modification of it. But there are those
who advocate a total repeal, while others advocate
a modification of it by giving the right of trial by
jury, and they would perhaps throw every imped-
iment and embarrassment in the way of the execu-
tion of the law, so as to render it a dead letter on
the statute-book. Sir, this will open a general de-
bate; for I believe the rules of the Senate permit
any member to offer amendments to the bill, if
they are germane to the subject under considera-
tion. This general debate, then, will be opened
while we have but one week of the session remain-
ing. And what is the condition of the business
to be acted upon ? Strange to tell, not one of the
most important appropriation bills has yet passed.
The civil and diplomatic appropriation bill has not
yet reached the Senate. The Army bill and the
Navy bill are all behind, and yet with one week
only remaining, this question is to be opened to agi-
tation and discussion. I do not believe it is pos-
sible, sir, that all these measures can be passed if
this discussion is to be opened again; yet I am
willing to vote the reference, and to sustain any
report which may be made having the effect to
aid in carrying this law into execution, although I
do not believe it can be effectually accomplished.
When you have done this, and have raised all
this agitation, let me inquire what is to become
of the great national Union party? Its constitution
will be violated and broken up. To be sure, the
Union of the States will be preserved, but the na-
tional Union party will be gone.
I have no eulogies to heap upon the Executive
for what he has done in this matter. It is my hab-
it, sir, to speak plainly. I do not suppose that
his feelings are very strongly in favor of this fu-
gitive slave law. Take him home and put him
among his constituents as a private man, and I
doubt whether he would do anything to carry it
into execution. Judge him by his public acts
when he was a member of the House, and before
that time; look at his votes and speeches; look at
his letters when he was t candidate for the Vice
Presidency, and then tell me whether he has any
great desire to see this fugitive slave law faithfully
executed. I admit the higher duty is imposed
upon him; he has imposed upon him the obliga-
tion of an oath to see that the laws are faithfully
executed; but I have seen nothing that he has yet
done to execute this law. We are told that this is
] the second occurrence of the kind which has hap-
pened in Boston. Why was there not some or-
| der, on the happening of the first occurrence, to
| the officers there ? Why were there not some
steps taken then? Why was not the marshal re-
moved who failed to discharge his duty ? Why
! was there not some action on the part of the Ex-
ecutive demonstrating that he was resolved upon
executing this law and discharging his duty? Sir,
he does not move; not a word is said; not an or-
| der is made to anybody; not a thing is done. Af-
i ter the second outrage, and after the negro is
safely landed in Canada, he issues his proclama-
; tion. That is a good deal like looking the stable-
! door after the horse is stolen. Will this procla-
, mation restore to the owner hisproperty? Sir, he
■ was apprised that there would be difficulty in ex-
| ecuting the law in Boston; he was apprised of that
i before, and yet no step is taken.
' Now comes the proclamation. I fear that proc-
lamation is merely to lull the southern people and
j quiet them until those whose slaves have run away
I and are now residing in the northern States shall
! be exhausted in spending their funds and hazard-
ing their lives in their attempts to reclaim them;
and after they shall have become exhausted in
these attempts, there will be no further attempt to
execute the law. Whenevera case like that which
has recently taken place in Boston occurs, then
the President will issue his proclamation. But
what is the benefit of a proclamation ? The Sen-
ator from New Hampshire (Mr. Hale] says it is
a very ridiculous thing. I do not say this; but if
I held the opinion which has been advanced by
some here, I should be prepared to agree with the
Senator from New Hampshire in saying it was a
very frivolous state of facts for the President to
issue his proclamation upon.
We are told that these mobs and riots are com-
mon throughout the country, and that they should
create no great degree of excitement; that they
are common to every section of the Union.
Mr. CLEMENS. Does the Senator refer to
me.
Mr. TURNEY. Yes; and the Senator from
Louisiana, both.
Mr. CLEMENS. I said no such thing.
Mr. TURNEY. It was said by the Senator
from Louisiana certainly. If that be so, the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire is correct; it would bp
