1851.-}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
311
31st Cong 2d Sess. The Fugitive Slave Law—Messrs. Chase, Dodge, of Iowa, fyct
Senate.
present Executive entertained the sentiments which
the Senator from Tennessee has ascribed to him,
when he reached the high place of President of the
United States, and came to act for the whole conn-
try, he has laid aside the prejudices and predilec-
tions of a mere district representative, and has
acted for the whole nation, and I respect him for
having done so. Those who govern great nations
should have comprehensive views, should look to
the interests and safety of the whole and all its
parts, and never be carried away with any one
idea. If the Union is to be maintained, as I have
an abiding Confidence it will be through all coming
time, its price is eternal vigilance. I have always
believed, notwithstanding the violence which has
been exhibited during the progress of the free-soil
and abolition questions, that the people of the
United States would become roused to a sense of
the danger in which designing demagogues have
placed them; that good would ultimately result
from it; the rights of the States be clearly defined;
their duties towards each other better understood
and strictly performed; and that, finally, public
opinion would settle down, and be perfectly sound
on these subjects as all others upon which the
great American mind has been brought to bear in
times past.
Mr. President, I have never seen anything in
the history or conduct of the Abolitionists to ad-
mire. I do not think they are ever on the side of
their country or Government. I have watched
the course of these abolition gentlemen; and I do
declare, what I belive to be a fact, that while they
will move heaven and earth to induce negroes to
run away from a home at which they are well fed
and provided for, the very instant the negro gets
into a free State their sympathy for him ceases,
until an opportunity is afforded them to interfere
between him and his lawful owner. It is known
now that in Boston—and I say it with the most
perfect respect for the Cradle of American Liberty,
and that section of the country from which my
ancestors have come—as in almost every other
part of the country, there are persons disaffected to
the Government and the Union, and who are
openly engaged in trying to destroy both. There
were traitors during the war of the Revolution;
there were traitors during the war of 1812, who
burnt blue-lights as signals for the British; and
there are now traitors to the Constitution of the
United States and to the laws for carrying out its
provisions, and I apprehend as goodly a number
in that particular section of the country as in any
other. I believe, too, that just in proportion as in
time of war men will be found wanting in their
duty to their country, so in time of peace will they
be found endeavoring to overthrow the laws of the
country and upset its Government.
Mr. President, the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Chase,] in the conclusion of his remarks, alluded
to a memorable proclamation issued by General
Gage anterior to the Revolution. If he intends by
that to make a declaration ,that the President of
the United States, and those who sustain him in
issuing this proclamation, and in enforcing the
laws of the United States, are to begin a revolution
that shall lead to all the horrors of domestic war
and bloodshed, I tell him that I apprehend that
revolution, that bloodshed, and that battle can be
brought on just as soon as those who entertain his
opinions desire it shall be brought on.
Mr. CHASE. I compared the two proclama-
tions merely with the intention of showing that '
as the one was useless the other would be useless.
What the effect of issuing the proclamation may
be I do not know. I apprehend it will not
amount to much. I do not attribute to it any very
great consequences. But I think, as I said before, '
that when the militia or the military of the country :
are called out, in opposition to the popular senti-
ment, to execute a law odious to the people, the
militia and themilitary would have the worst of it.
I do not know that that will ever occur. I hope
not.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I deny, for Boston
and for Massachusetts, that those who trample
under foot the laws of the United States—whether
the laws of the last session or of any other session
of Congress—represent the public sentiment of
Massachusetts. If I were to assume to speak for
a people of whom I know little, and for whom I
bar* no right to speak, I would rather assume
that that collection of citizens—mob, or what
not—at Springfield, in Massachusetts, who prop-
erly insulted and outraged that minion, that myr-
midon of Great Britain, who has had the hardi-
hood and audacity to make his appearance in this
country and go about lecturing upon the evils of
American slavery, represented the feelings of that
ancient and most respectable Commonwealth. Let
him show his face in Iowa, let him show his face
in Illinois, and we will see whether he will not be
summarily dealt with, if. his object be to traduce
our Government and to overthrow our Union, or
endanger the peace and quiet of the people of any
of the States. We do not, and I trust never shall,
forget the obligations of the Constitution of our
country. We do not forget the fact that domestic
slavery at one time existed in all the States, and
that the people of those States have the right to do
what they please in relation to it. Above all, the
safety, the welfare, and well-being of those who
own this property, are dear to me and my constit-
uents. Our destiny is cast upon the Upper Mis- ;
sissippi. There are many slave States between
us and its mouth, and we regard their citizens as
our brethren—the States as our equals in every at- ,
tribute, of sovereignty and independence. But,
more than that, if our support was necessary I
under the Constitution of the United States—
which I do not think it will ever be—to enforce the
laws and to put down insurrection, my people and
myself would volunteer to go to the rescue of our
brethren who live south of us as readily as we
would volunteer to drive back an insolent and in-
vading foreign foe. I know how precious the
time of the Senate is, and I will not consume
more.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I do not rise
for the purpose of engaging in this discussion.
The Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Butler}
has fallen into an error, by which he unintention-
ally did injustice to my own State, among others
in the Northwest, in regard to our local laws. It
is my object simply to make an explanation on
that point. The Senator was in error in suppos-
ing that there was, at any time anterior tothecon-
; stitutional provision of our State excluding negroes
[ from it, anything in her local legislation to invite
negroes, free or slave, into the State. Our laws
j have always discouraged negroes coming into the
i State. In regard to runaway slaves coming there,
we have had, from the foundation of our State
i government, a law imposing penalties or imprison-
ment, or both, at the discretion of the court, upon
any citizen of Illinois who would harbor a runaway
slave. It has been my fortune, in the course of
my brief judicial experience, to impose severe pen-
alties upon citizens of Illinois for a violation of
that law; it remains upon the statute book to this
day; and, in addition to the penalties under the
law of the United States, any man who conceals a
runaway slave in the State of Illinois, or harbors
; him, or does any other act by which to obstruct
| the master, and thus lead to a breach of the law
i and a breach of the peace, is to be punished under
j the laws of the State of Illinois, We claim the
right; we conceive it to be our duty to enforce
i that local law of our own as a police regulation, in
order to preserve the peace of our own community
against any violence that may be gotten up by
fanatics in our midst. This is our police regula-
tion, in defence of our own institutions, the prop-
erty and lives of our own citizens, without refer-
ence to the laws of the United Statesunder the Con-
stitution for the surrender of fugitive slaves.
Again, at no time during our history has a free
negro been allowed by law to come into oor State
and remain there, unless he could procure a white
man to go his security for his good behavior.
That law remained on our statute-book many
years, and the necessity of it was obvious from
our local position. W ith the slave State of Ken-
tucky upon one side, and Missouri partially upon
the other, our State was destined to become a mere
asylum for runaway negroes from other States,
who would make a free negro colony of ours, un-
less we passed laws for our own protection. Find-
ing that this provision requiring them to give se-
curity for good behavior was not effectual, the
people of my State, when they came to form a
new constitution, adopted a clause—voted upon
distinctly by itself—that no negro, free or slave,
should enter the State. They did this, not with
reference to the people of the South or reference
to the people of the North, but as one of the in-
dependent States of this Union, for our own pro-
tection. If the people in other free States desire
to tum their States into free negro colonies, and
have a taste in that direction, we are willing they
shall monopolize the whole of that species of emi-
gration. For us, we claim to be a white people;
we claim that our State is composed of a white
community; we will protect the negroes that have
been born within the State, or that were there be-
fore this provision was made; but we hold out no
inducement, no encouragement for a negro to
come into it, whether he be free or slave. If he
be a free negro, let him remain in the State where
he was born, or go to those States^ whose laws
place the negro upon an equal footing with the
white man. If he be a slave, let him remain at
home, or be surrendered according to the Consti-
tution of the United States. We adopt these reg-
ulations for our own self-defence. I know that
my friend from South Carolina would not have
j intimated that we had invited this class of people
into our State if he had been familiar with these
i laws.
In regard to the State of Indiana, our nearest
neighbor, I will say that, according to my recol-
lection, her legislation is substantially the same a«
ours upon this subject. That is all I have to say
on that point, and I rose only to speak upon it.
But there was one remark made by the Senator
from Ohio which I feel it my duty to notice, be-
cause I regard it as a very gross calui^ny upon
the free States of this Union. That Senator went
on to state that, inasmuch as the Constitution of
the United States imposed an obligation upon
each State of the Union to surrender fugitive
! from labor, therefore the Congress of the United ^
[ States had no right to legislate upon the subject.
I I do not object to this opinion of his upon the
| subject, although it happens to be in direct con-
j flict with the decision of the Supreme Court of the
! United States. But, after laying down that prop-
osition as embracing his opinion, he refers to the
decision of the Supreme Court of the United
States in the case of Prigg vs. the State of Penn-
sylvania, and says that that decision practically
expunged from the Constitution of the United
States the clause in relation to the surrender of
fugitives from labor. I presume the Senator doe*
not mean that the Supreme Court of the United
States intended to expunge it. I presume he doee
not mean that anything they have said in their
, decision does expunge it. I presume he does not
I mean that that decision is in conflict with that
provision of the Constitution of the United States.
II But I understand him to mean that if it could be
held that the Congress of the United States had
!' no right to legislate upon the subject, and that
I j therefore the power was reserved exclusively to
j] the States, the free States of this Union would
!; not execute the law. I understand him to mean
that while the Constitution of the United States
I requires every member of a Legislature in every
j State in the Union to take an oath to support that
j Constitution; while no man can be a judge, ajus-
! tice of the peace, a constable, a sheriff, or any
it other officer under a State government withouk
■! first taking an oath to support the Constitution of
the United States, yet when his constituents—the
Legislature of his State—have elected him to thu
body, they may be so recreant to their duties un-
der the Constitution, so false to their God, as to
vary from their oath in order to violate the Con-
stitution ef the country. That is what I under-
stand him to mean.
Mr. CHASE. 1 presume the Senator does not
mean to misrepresent me.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly not. I would like
to hear the Senator's explanation.
Mr. CHASE. The Senator shall have it. The
decision in the case of Prigg vs. the St#te of Penn-
sylvania denies to the Legislatures of the Statea
the power to legislate upon this subject. What
does the Senator mean when he talks about a
State Legislature being recreant to its public duty
and to God, when it simply declines to exercise a
power which the decision of the Supreme Court
denies to it? I say that when that decision de-
! nied to the Legislatures of the States the power to
' execute this article of the Constitution, it swept
|] from the statute-book all State legislation upon
