314
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GIX)BE.
[Feb. 24,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
The Fugitive Slave J^aw—Mr. Berrien.
Senate.
and in the Union at the same time. And while
they are in, they have neither a legal, moral, or
constitutional right to resist or impede any act of
Congress. But I believe in no such thing. I be-
lieve the people of that State are ardently attached
to this Union, and I believe they will obey its
laws and defend its integrity, come what may.
[Here the general discussion terminated for this
day, and the Senate proceeded with other busi-
ness, an account of which has been published in
the Congressional Globe.l
Monday, February 24, 1851.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the sub-
ject again.
Mr. BERRIEN said: I overcome with difficulty
the reluctance which I feel to engage in this discus-
sion. If it had been confined to the question upon
the motion of the Senator from Kentucky to refer
the message of the President of the United States
to a committee, I should have been perfectly con-
tent to have remained silent. The message of the
President of the .United States was communicated
to us in answer to a call by the Senate. It related
to a subject ofdeep and exciting interest. Itman-
ifested a disposition on his part to discharge the
full and whole duty which devolves upon the Chief
Magistrate of the Union, in relation to a subject
of great and universal interest. I have not heard
the sincerity of that declaration questioned. On
the contrary, I believe it is universally conceded
that that disposition exists. But the President
suggests to us certain amendments of existing
laws, to enable him to carry into more effectual
execution an act of the last session. In the dis-
charge of his duty in relation to that act he is en-
countered by difficulties and by increased respon-
sibilities, arising from the opposition in sundry
States of the Union to its provisions. Upon the
question of the reference of the message of the
Chief Magistrate, presented to us under circum-
stances like these, I suppose there can be no divers-
ity of opinion. If the amendments which he
proposes to existing laws shall, in the opinion of
the committee and of the Senate, be calculated to
furnish him with additional means of carrying this
law into execution, every man who has a sincere
desire to see the provisions of the Constitution
enforced, whatever may be the opinion which he
entertains as to the cases which have already oc-
curred, should concur in giving to the existing law
the amendments which are required. There is a
diversity of opinion as to the manner in which this
law has been hitherto executed. Be it so. If they
are correct who believe that the execution of the
law has not been complete in the cases which have
occurred, itconcerns them to arm the Chief Execu-
tive Magistrate with powers which will enable him
more fully to accomplish the purpose of that law.
Those who believe that the law, with the excep-
tion of the particular cases originating in the State
of Massachusetts, has been carried into effect, can-
not withhold their aid from the President by in-
vesting him with additional powers to give it still
greater efficiency.
But this discussion has taken a much wider
range. It has extended to a denunciation and a
palliation of the recent outrage committed in the
city of Boston; to the execution or non-execution
of the fugitive slave law; and to its capacity or
incapacity, with any aid which may be given to
it, to accomplish the purposes of its enactment. It
is this range of discussion, and the peculiar posi-
tion whteh the State, one of whose representa-
tives I am, has, by recent occurrences, been com-
pelled to assume, that makes it my duty to join in
this discussion, in order that the views of that
State, as they have been expressed by her people
assembled in convention, may be understood. 1
have the double object of presenting them to the
consideration of the Senate and of the people of
the free States, forthe purpose of showing to them
the indispensable necessity of the faithful execu-
tion of the act under consideration, and to mani-
fest to them the truly conservative feeling which
exists among that people, and which, therefore,
entitles their suggestions to the respectful consider-
ation of 'their associates.
Now, sir, with respect to the recent resistance
or evasion of the law in the city of Boston, I de-
sire to speak with perfect frankness, but at the
same time with the respect whicl. J feel for the
intelligence, for the enterprise, and for the benevo-
lence of the people of that city, as well as for the
multiplied manifestations of their patriotism re-
corded on the pages of the history of our country.
I have, besides, certain cherished personal recol-
lections which would make it painful to me to
speak with disrespect of that people. When 1
say, therefore, that this is an outrage unparalleled
in the history of the country, I do not intend to
include in the censure which'that declaration im-
plies the people of Boston, or of Massachusetts,
in mass. No, sir; my purpose is to repel the
vain attempt to palliate it by reference to other
occurrences in which the laws of the country have
been violated. These have been referred to by
Senators, not with a view of justifying the con-
duct of those engaged in them, but certainly for
the purpose of palliating the enormity of that
which is now under consideration, by showing
that it is no singular occurrence in the history of
the country.
Mr. President, I say, ill reply to these sugges-
tions, that this was no sudden outbreak, local in
its operation, and limited 111 the sphere of its influ-
ence. It was no fireman's riot, no city mob re-
sisting municipal authority. It was no body of
regulators, hastening the departure, from the place
of their abode, of an impudent foreigner, who was
endeavoring to excite their people to resistance to
the laws of that land whose hospitality he was
enjoying.
Sir, you may strip this case of every doubtful
incident, and then the facts which will remain un-
contested and incontestable will serve to show the
necessity of the consideration which is given to it
by the Senate of the United States. Exclude from
its consideration the conduct of the municipal
authorities of Boston, and leave them to be judged
by their constituents; put out of view the question
whether the marshal has performed, or has failed
to perform his duty, and leave him to be dealt with
by the President of the United States, in the confi-
dence that the declaration contained in the message
before us will be redeemed. You thus divest the
case of every questionable fact, of every minor
question upon which cavil can be raised. And
what then remains ? Sir, these undeniable facts
will still remain: That a fugitive from labor, ar-
rested under the laws, and in the custody of offi-
cers of the United States—in the very sanctuary
of justice—in broad and open daylight, has been
wrested from the custody of these officers, carried
triumphantly through the streets of a populous
city, and, so far as yet appears to us, placed be-
yond the reach of the laws of the country. These
are facts, excluding all controverted points, which
are patent upon the evidence before us, which no
man honestly communing with his own conscience
will venture to deny to himself. He will, I pre-
sume, be equally incapable of suggesting a doubt
as to the question whether the persons who thus
engaged in the violation of t|je law should be sub-
jected to its penalties when detected, and whether
the officer who was intrusted with its execution, if
he has failed in his duty, should be made to feel
that there is a power to prevent the recurrence of
the error which he has committed.
Mr. President, it behooves us in the mean while
to consider, and that is the chief purpose for which
I have risen to address the Senate—it behooves us
to consider, these facts heing thus manifested by
incontestable evidence, whether it be not in our
power, by some act coming within the scope of
our constitutional authority, to afford to the Presi-
dent of the United States additional means for en-
forcing the execution of this law. And still fur-
ther, deliberately to inquire what is the true and
real source of these obstructions of that law, and
of these outrages thus committed in the face of a
numerous, intelligent, and patriotic population.
My own judgment upon that subject is, that the
President of the United States ought to be armed
with all power which can be constitutionally con-
ferred upon him for the purpose of carrying this
law into execution. Upon the question as to its
execution heretofore, I will speak presently; I de-
sire to say now that my wish and inclination is to
give to the President any power which can sustain
him in the execution of the duty which he is called
upon to perform. But believing, as I do, that the
feeling which exists among my constituents, and
which has been distinctly expressed in the record
of their proceedings which is lying before me, is
that the source of these obstructions is to be
traced beyond the immediate occurrences which
have occasioned this discussion, I invite the atten-
tion of Senators to an extract from those proceed-
ings. In the report which precedes the resolu-
tions adopted by that body, it is declared that:
" Georgia will abide by the recent action of Congress
hereinbefore referred to, in hopeful reliance that the people
ot the non-slaveholding States will yield acquiescence in,
and faithful adherence to, that entire action. To this course
she is impelled by an earnest desire to perpetuate the Amer-
ican Union, and to restore that peace and harmony upon
which its value to herself, to her confederates, and to man-
kind essentially depends."
The Senate have here the declaration of the peo-
ple of Georgia, assembled in convention, as to their
diposition to acquiesce in the antecedent action of
Congress, and the conditions upon which that ac-
quiescence is rested. In further expressing their
views upon that subject, in the resolutions which
conclude this report they have declared—
" That the State of Georgia, in the judgment of this con-
vention, will and ought to resist, even (as a last resoit) to a
disruption of every tie which hinds her to the Union, any
action of Congress upon the subject of slavery in the District
of Columbia, or in places subjcct to the juu=diction of Con-
gress, incompatible with the safety, the domestic tranquil-
lity, the rights, and the honor of the slavoholding States, or
any act suppressing the slave trade between the slavehold-
ing States, or any refusal to admit as a Slate any Territory
hereafter applying, because of the existence of slavery
therein, or any act prohibiting the introduction of slaves
into the Territories of Utah and Nsw Mexico, or any act
repealing or materially modifying the laws now in force for
the recovery of fugitive slaves.
" That it is the deliberate opinion of this convention that
upon the faithful execution of the fugitive slave law by the
proper authorities depends the preservation of our mucli-
loved Union."
| Before I enter upon the discussion of that por-
1 tion of the subject which is particularly suggested
by these extracts from the proceedings of the peo-
ple of Georgia in convention, I desire to advert to
some remarks which have been made in relation
to the message and proclamation of the President.
When I say that this message is the result of a call
made by the Senate upon the President, for in-
formation upon a subject producing great excite-
ment throughout the Union, I think I may safely
j add that the only result of any attempt to cast
I ridicule upon a State paper of such grave im-
portance would be to render ourselves ridiculous.
Sir, the recent occurrence in Boston now engages
i the attention of the people of the United States.
You have called for information in relation to it.
i The President, advising you of what he has done
for the purpose of enforcing the execution of the
laws through the ministerial officers of the Gov-
l ernment, communicates to you the proclamation
which he has deemed it his duty to issue, and that
proclamation has been made the subject of un-
friendly criticism in the discussion before this body.
Sir, it is not necessary for me to pronounce the eulo-
, gy of the President of the United States; yet, in
; frankness, I hold myself bound to say that that
message affords abundant evidence of his disposi-
! tion to perform fully his whole duty in this matter.
Why, then, is the proclamation which has been
1 issued subjected to the criticism made upon it?
It is said, in the language of a Senator, that it re-
sembles the closing of the stable door after the
horse has been stolen. In my judgment that Sen-
ator takes a very imperfect view of the intention
and objects of this paper. When it is said by Sen-
| ators that it cannot affect the reclamation of the
fugitive, my answer is, that they assert what they
do not know, and cannot with any certainty pru-
dently affirm. If the fugitive has escaped beyond the
limits of the United States, then the proclamation
will be ineffectual to reclaim him; but if he should
I be still within those limits, the people of this Union,
roused to action by the proclamation, maybe ena-
bled to arrest him, and thus i  may accomplish the
purpose which it is said it will be impossible for
it to effect. But the object of that proclamation,
as I apprehend its chief object, is to enjoin upon
the ministerial officers of the Government, and
upon citizens generally, their obligations to aid in
I the execution and enforcement of this law. It
looks rather to the future than to the past. It is
its moral influence in the community which I think
is principally to be relied upon, and which imparts
to it its chief importance and value. It will exert
this influence, unless fanaticism has extinguished
1 the feeling of patriotism. In this view of the
