1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
817
31st Cong 2d Sess.
The. Fugitive Slave Law-
- Messrs. Dickinson, Rhett, and Berrien.
Senate.
question on which the state of things here de-
scribed will require a decision; and the Governor
says upon that subject:
" I cannot doubt that the Legislature possesses the power
to pass such penal laws as will have the effect of preventing
the citizens of this State and residents within it from avail
ing themselves with impunity ot the protection of its sov-
ereignty and laws, while they are actually employed in ex-
citing insurrection and sedition in a sister State, or engaged
in treasonable enterprises, intended to be executed therein."
Well, the experiment has been made and has
failed. Fourteen years have elapsed since this
message was delivered, and these agitations have
increased. The conservatism of the great State of
New York has been unable to check them. I
find, by reference to the action of the House of
Representatives of that State, that they proceeded
to consider certain resolutions of the Senate in
answer to this message. One of these resolutions
was as follows:
" Resolved, That the people of this State, by responding,
with unexampled unanimity, to those views and sentiments,
and manifesting their determination to abstain from and to
discountenance those political agitations and public dis-
cussions of the subject of domestic slavery, which were
calculated to produce an exciting, an improper, and per-
nicious influence within the limits of other States, have
given to the Union stronger guarantees than law could fur-
nish, and rendered present legislation upon the subject by
their representatives unnecessary and inexpedient."
Now, in the consideration of this resolution by
the House, it was moved to strike out the word
"present," so as to exclude the idea of future
legislation, and it was voted down. It was moved
to strikeout the words " by their representatives,"
and that was voted down. A substitute for that
resolution was moved in these words:
" Resolved, That whatever may be our individual views
or opinions of the principles and doctrines of the Aboli-
tionists, and of the tendency of their efforts, it is the judg-
ment of this Legislature that it does not possess the power
to legislate upon the subject."
And that was voted down. Finally the House
added to the resolution of the Senate one in the
following words:
" Resolved, That should certain persons residing within
the limits of this State, denominated Abolitionists, persevere
in their efforts, and continue to agitate the question of
domestic slavery, by publicly discussing the same, and by
continuing to issue and send forth into every State of the
Union abolition publications of the character of those here-
tofore and now issued at New York by the American Anti-
slavery Society, the Legislature of this State would possess :
the power to pass prohibitory laws touching such discus-
sions and publications."
And when debate was had thereon, the Speaker
put the question whether the House would agree
to the third resolution, and it was determind in the ;
affirmative. j
Upon this evidence of what is the law of notions, ;
rendered more imperative by the relations which
exist between the different States upon this recog- !
nition of that principle by the uniform action of
the Government of the united States, and with
precise reference to the relations existing between
the States of this Union by the Government and
Legislature of the State of New York, upon the
acknowledged fact of the injuries inflicted upon the
■lave States by the action of these organized socie- j
ties, and that they are the chief source, of the ob- i
karA r\aan an/1 urhi/in tirlll /<nn. !'
then the consequences which will follow muttt be |
obvious to every man. A system of hostile legis-
lation between the different States of this Union
will be inevitable; and to what consequences that
may lead, even if the respective Legislatures shall
confine themselves within the limits of the Consti-
tution, he is a bold man who will venture at this >
day to predict. To avert these consequences—for
into the dark and dreary abyss which lies beyond
them I do not permit myself to look—to avert the
consequences which would result from this hostile
action of the different State Legislatures, founded
upon the fruitlessness of the appeal to the conserv-
ative feelings of th^jeople of the free States and
the experienced irfBftity of the General Govern-
ment to enforce a ffflnful execution of the law, I
have desired respectfully but earnestly to present
these views to the consideration of Senators, and
through them to their constituents. Finally, sir,
if the resistance to this law shall still continue, and
the people of the free States shall turn a deaf ear
to these remonstrances, uttered in no spirit of men-
ace and with no feelings of hostility, but with a
sincere desire to cultivate and cherish those kindly
relations which ought to exist between States thus
intimately associated—if these agitations shall con-
tinue, and shall result (in the language of the peo-
ple of Georgia) "in the disruption of every tie
which binds her to the Union, in the destruction
of our constitutional charter, and the Union of
which it is the guarantee—then, sir,I have to say
to-day, here in my place in the Senate of the Uni-
ted States, that the people of Georgia will stand ac-
quitted of all participation in this outrage upon the
principles of regulated liberty—this utter prostra-
tion of the cherished hopes of the votaries of free-
dom throughout the world. Giving expression to
the feelings of my constituents, I say to the peo-
ple of the free States, the fete of the Union is in
your hands; uttering their deliberate opinion and
adopting their language, I say, "upon the faithful
execution of the fugitive slave law by the proper
authorities depends the preservation of our much-
loved Union."
Mr. DICKINSON. If the Senator from Geor-
gia supposes I intended to say that the delays in-
cident to ordinary litigation were either proper or
just in such cases, he misunderstood me. I in-
tended to express no opinion of that kind. On
the contrary, I think that it should be executed in
as summary a form as is consistent with the ascer-
tainment of truth. I expressed the opinion that
some delay was necessary in any case of contest,
and that under the circumstances of the case in
New York it was judicious, and was calculated to
tranquilize the public mind, and give force and
efficiency to the law. I am further of opinion
that to the broadest extent it is the duty of the
free States, and of every State, to aid in executing
this article of the Constitution, and in giving force
to this Federal law by their own prompt and sum-
mary action, by local laws, and by providing in
like manner for the punishment of those who ob-
struct and resist its execution.
every patriotic citizen of these States the obvious
propriety and indispensable necessity of exerting
their own legislative powers for the purpose of
repressing these agitations. In doing this, I do
but express the opinions and feelings of my con-
stituents assembled in convention. I present them
to the citizens of the free States, as they have of-
fered them, under the influence of a sincere attach-
ment to the peace and harmony of the Union, and
an ardent desire for its preservation. Sir, I feel
constrained to add, if this appeal shall be made in
vain—if these obstructions to the execution of this
law shall continue—if the Executive, armed with
such additional authority as we may feel author-
ized to give him, shall be unable to execute it ac-
cording to its spirit and intent, and to give to the
owners of this species of property that relief which
the law was intended to provide—if, on a full and
fair experiment of its power, they shall be found
incompetent to enforce the execution of this law—
if, in this state of things, there is not found a con-
servative feeling among the people of the free
States that will prompt them to come to the rescue^
suppressing this agitation by their own legislation,
Mr. RHETT. I do not assent to the opinion
structions which have been and which will con-^expressed by many Senators here that this law
tinue to be interposed to the execution of theqPwill be enforced, or that it will be so practically
fugitive slave law, I submit to the consideration of . enforced as to provide what many of its friends
anticipated—a good and sufficient guarantee for
the rights of the South. Sir, if I supposed so,
whatever opinions I had of the law itself, I would
say nothing. I think what the gentleman from
Georgia said at the conclusion of his speech shows
very clearly that he can hardly have much faith
in the act as it exists, for the latter part of his
speech was applicable entirely to the necessity of
State legislation.
Mr. BERRIEN. ' I hope the Senator will draw
no inference like that which he has stated from
any declaration which I have made. I have in-
voked State legislation as an easier mode of re-
moving obstructions to the enforcement of this
law—as a mode preferable to its enforcement by
the arm of power wielded by the authority of the
General Government.
* Mr. RHETT. It is because I am satisfied that
what the Senator from Georgia has said is true,
that I think this Government has it not in its
power to enforce this law so as to mak« it effica-
cious.
Mr, BERRIEN. I have not said that it is not
in the power of this Government to enforce it.
Mr. RHETT. I know that; I said that my-
I self. I agree to that portion of the remarks of the
I honorable Senator from Georgia; I assent to every
j position h# took, so far as Stats legislation is con-
cerned. I believe that by the action of the States,
and the States alone, the rights of the South can
be maintained and enforced. And when he con-
cluded his speech on this subject, by pressing so
earnestly oil the northern States the propriety and
necessity of legislation, by which the Constitution
should be enforced and the r ghts of the South guar-
antied, he fell entirely in the course of opinion
which I myself entertain. But I think that all the
Senator from Georgia read from the message of the
Governor of New York was entirely prior to the
decision of the case of Prigg and the State of Penn-
sylvania. He read from the message of Governor
Marcy. If I understand the principles of that de-
cision in the case of Prigg against the State of Penn-
sylvania, the Supreme Court go so far as to say
that the whole duty of fulfilling the article of the
Constitijtion in relation to the reclamation of fugi-
tive slaves devolves upon the United States Gov-
ernment, and the United States Government alone.
It was in consequence of that disastrous decision
—disastrous, I think, to the interests of the South,
and contrary, as I think, to the Constitution of the
United States—that the northern States took ad-
vantage of it, and they then passed laws with-
drawing all aid or cooperation whatever for the
protection of the South on this great point. If I
J could suppose that the principles laid down in that
decision—if I could suppose, with gentlemen who
have spoken here, that even though these princi-
i pies are not correct, they yet can and will be en-
forced, although I would by no means be instru-
i mental in voting for them or enforcing them, yet I
, would be satisfied that the superior judgment of
others should prevail, and that while the South
1 was practically protected in her interests, others
should be satisfied to do it in conformity with
their view of the Constitution.
Sir, the law is not always a law. There is no
lawyer who does not know that. There is nobody
living in any country who does not know it, and
especially in a free country like this. A law to
have its practical effect must move in harmony
with the opinions and feelings of the community
where it is to operate. In this case no one can
doubt that the feeling of the whole and entire
North—whatever may be their submission to
what they may consider to be the supreme law of
the land—is opposed to the institution of slavery,
and opposed to this law. Now, you may multi-
ply officers as much as you please; you may
make every ship a prison; you may make every
custom-house a guard-room; you may,in all your
great central points, make every effort you can
for the purpose honestly of enforcing the law;
nay, you may have a large majority in all the
free States in favor of its enforcement; and yet, if
there be a formidable minority that determine
upon the defeat of the operation of the law, they
can defeat it, and they will defeat it. The recov-
ery of a fugitive slave is not merely the case of a
person coming into court. It is not merely a case
in which the law should be enforced by courts.
The fugitive slave may be concealed or sworn out
of court; a thousand artifices and expedients may
be resorted to, by which the slaveholder will be
unable to recapture his slave, or the slave, when
regained, will be rescued. Although the Govern-
ment may be perfectly honest in its determination
to enforce the law, although you may legislate
with the utmost rigor, yet, after all, the statutes
may be nothing more than so much waste paper,
of no use but to deceive those who are willing to
be deceived. As my honorable colleague very
correctly said the other day, out of fifteen thousand
slaves at the North—and I have seen a statement
myself putting the number at thirty thousand—
how many have been recaptured ? Some fifteen
have been taken in eight or nine months; and in
every case in which there was any dispute it cost
the master more than the worth of the slave. I
know of a case which has been communicated to
me very recently. Several gentlemen in Mary-
land, on the Eastern Shore, knowing that they had
fugitive slaves in Philadelphia, agreed that on#
should go and endeavor to recapture his slave, and
if he succeeded the rest would endeavor to do so
likewise. The gentleman went armed with the
