318
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 24,
31st Cong '2d Sess.
The Fugitive Slave Law-
-Mr. Rhett.
Senate.
proof of the identity of his slave by the presence j
of several of his neighbors, but when he got to 1
Philadelphia embarrassments of one kind and
another were thrown in his way—false swearing
as to the identity of the person was resorted to,
and he was defeated. Blacks are allowed to come
in and swear before the commissioner. I do not
object to it; I have no right to say anything; con-
cerning it. But although there was direct proof
of the identity of the slave, blacks in all numbers
Bwore that they had known the slave many years
before, and thus proved an alibi. The same thing
was attempted with respect to the case of Henry
Long, in New York. The commissioner may al-
ways, if he thinks proper, in this conflict of testi-
mony, discharge the slave. Thus even with the
law itself, and your law officers, impediments can be
thrown in the way, and expedients ca.i be resorted
to, by which practically the law can have no ef-
fect. It is on an examination of these facts that
I have come to the conclusion that this law can-
not and will not be so enforced as practically to
secure the rights of the South. With this convic-
tion I have looked most carefully into this matter
since it arose here in debate; and I have come to
the conclusion that, from the beginning of the le-
gislation of Congress on this whole subject to this
day, we of the South have been wronged, and
have been made to abandon a better and more ef-
ficient remedy, which the Constitution provides.
I am a State-rights man. Kversincel have been
in public life I have endeavored to carry out the
plain and simple meaning of the Constitution of
the United States. I abhor constructions. They
are subterfuges of dishonesty, by which the mean-
ing of the Constitution is perverted, and the Con- j
stitution itself virtually overthrown. With so (
subtle an instrument for construing the meaning
of words as the human mind, with the passions
and interests which govern men, there is but one
way to preserve a written Constitution, and that
is to administer it according to its strict and simple j
Furport. Prom the time I commenced public life, I
have endeavored to pursue this course, and if I j
have ever departed from it by any vote of mine in
Congress, I am totally unconscious of it. Now
let us look into the Constitution. There are two
ways of getting at what the meaning of the Con-
stitution is. All Senators, on both sides I believe,
will grant that when we take up the Constitution
of the United States we take up an aggregate of
grants. The Constitution is not a thing of itself.
It is not self-existent. It was made by the people
of the States; and they designated in that Consti-
tution the particular grants of power they con-
veyed, reserving to themselves all powers not
granted. Then, when we look to the Constitution
to know whether any power is contained therein,
we must first look at the distinct specifications of
power, and see ifit is granted. If it is not there,
there is but one other way to get the power, and
that is to ascertain whether it is necessary and
proper to carry out a specific grant. These are
the two great methods of ascertaining the meaning
of the Constitution, trite though they may be, laid
down by Chiff Justice Marshall himself, the great
high-priest of construction. I take up the Consti-
tution, and I find that all it says with respect to
fugitive slaves is contained in the second section
of the fourth article, and it is a mere quotation in
that section. The section begins as follows:
" The citizens of each State shall be entitled to all the
privileges and immunities of citizens in the several States."
Then follows in the next sentence the qualifica-
tion with respect to fugitives from justice and fugi-
tive slaves:
" A person charged in any State with treason, felony, or
other crime, who shall flee from justice, and be found in
another State, shall, on demand of the executive mtthoriti/
of the State from which he fled, be delivered up, to he re-
moved to the State havins jurisdiction of the crime. No
person held to service or labor in one State, under the laws
thereof, escaping into another, shall, in consequence of any
law or regulation therein, be discharged from such service
or labor, but shall be delivered upon claim of tke party to
whom such service or labor may be due."
Now, these two clauses are exactly similar in
purport, excepting in one particular. In the one
case the fugitive criminal is to be delivered up on
the demand of the executive authority of the State
from which he has fled; in the other, the fugitive
slave is to be delivered up on claim of the party
to whom he belongs. In neither clause is it stated i
that the fugitive is to be delivered up by the State
authorities. Yet it is clear these clauses can refer
to no other authority for their enforcement, be-
cause no other authority is spoken of. It is an
affkir between two States. The fugitive is to be
delivered up. To be delivered up he must be
seized—he must be in the possession of those who
deliver him up. No authority within a State can
seize a criminal against the laws of another State,
but the authority of the State itself to which he
has fled. This is the law of nations, and is ac-
knowledged by the act of 1793 with respect to
fugitive criminals, but is denied with respect to
fugitive slaves. In the form^case the State au-
thorities are to seize and d^^r up the fugitive
criminal, but in the latter, according to this act,
State authorities have nothing to do with the fugi-
tive slave. In the former case the Constitution is
only a treaty stipulation between sovereign States;
in the latter it is a matter of Congressional legisla-
tion, although Congress is not referred to in either
case in the Constitution. Is there any ground in
reason for this difference of construction ? Let us
apply the acknowledged rules of construction I
have laid down for ascertaining the meaning of the
Constitution. It will not be claimed that Congress
possesses the power to legislate on the subject of
fugitive slaves as necessary and proper to carry
out any expressly granted power. It is a distinct
substantive matter itself, and can contribute in no
way to enforce any other grant of power. The
power, if it exists at all, must be by a special grant
laid down in the Constitution. Now, sir, look at
the clauses in the Constitution I have quoted. Is
there one word in either of the two clauses re-
ferring to fugitive criminals and fugitive slaves
conferring any power on Congress to legislate
upon, these subjects ? No power whatever is given
to Congress. Congress is not even mentioned in
them. What is the inevitable inference? Why,
that Congress has no such power.
This view of the Constitution is confirmed if we
look into the sections immediately preceding and
succeeding- the section relating to fugitive criminals
and fugitive slaves. In both of these sections
Congress is given power to act. The first section
provides: " Full faith and credit shall be given in
each State to the public acts, records, and judicial
proceedings of every other State, and the Congress may
by general laws prescribe the manner in which
such acts, records, and proceedings shall be proved,
and the effect thereof.' And 111 the the third sec-
tion it is provided that " the Congress shall have
power to dispose of, and make all needful rules,
and regulations respecting, the territory or other
property belonging to the United States." Here,
then, is this remarkable state of things: Three
sections follow each other in the fourth article of
the Constitution. The first and the third give to
Congress the power to legislate. The second, ly-
ing between them, gives Congress no power to
legislate. What must be the inevitable inference?
Why, that it is the plain meaning of the Consti-
tution that Congress should not have the power to
legislate with respect to fugitive criminals and fu-
gitive slaves. To infer that such a power exists^
under such circumstances is not only to claim authority of the General Government, have refused
power without a special grant in the Constitution, ' to allow their magistrates and other officers to act.
but to seize it, although virtually negatived by the ' They have repealed the laws previously made to
we have presented to Great Britain in the only two
wars we have had with her. She thought proper
to entice away a great number of our slaves du-
ring the continuance of these wars; and at their
close she delivered up or paid for all the slaves she
took from us or carried away. Our sister States,
when pledged by the terms of the Constitution,
would have been prepared not to do less; and the
result would probably have been long since,
throughout all of our northern States, that laws
would have been passed—termed very properly
by the honorable Senator from Alabama [Mr.
Clemens] the most efficient of all fugitive slave
laws—prohibiting negroes, under any circum-
stances, from entering their boundaries. At all
events, we would long since have known whether
the free States would have fulfilled their faith
pledged to us by the Constitution. We would
long since have had peaceably this guarantee of
the Constitution or have dissolved our connection
with them.
As a substitute—and an exclusive substitute—
for this peaceable and more efficient redress under
the Constitution, Congress has usurped the power
of legislating upon this subject. It has underta-
ken to thrust the powers of the General Govern-
ment into the matter, and secure to us our fugitive
slaves. The act of 1793, of which the late act is
an amendment, keeps together, as the Constitution
keeps together, the two subjects of fugitive crim-
inals, and fugitive slaves. It undertakes to order
the States what they shall do with respect to the
recovery of fugitive criminals, and provides by its
own legislation for the recovery of fugitive slaves.
See, sir, how it commands the Governors of
States:
" It shall be the duty of the executive authority of the
State or Territory to which such person [a fugitive crimi-
nal] shall have fled to cause him or her to be arretted and
secured, and notice of the arrest to be given to the execu-
tive authority making such demand, or the agent of such
authority appointed to receive the fugitive, and to cause
the fugitive to be delivered to such agent when he shall ap-
pear."
This is the mandate as to the fugitive criminals.
Congress, the mere legislative agent of the States,
for certain limited'specified purposes, without one
word in the Constitution to justify the arrogant as-
sumption, not only undertakes to legislate for the ■
States, but to dictate to their Governors what they
shall or shall not do to carry out a compact made
between them. But it goes still further than this
with respect to fugitive slaves. If it had under-
taken to order the States and their Governors to
deliver up fugitive slaves, although a vast assump-
tion of authority, it would have dealt equally with
both classes of fugitives, under the words of the
Constitution, ordaining a like remedy for the re-
covery of both. But it deals differently with fugi-
tive slaves. It does not make the States act through
their Governors, but provides that the claimant
shall take his slave before the judges of the United
States courts, or thejudges and magistrates of the
State courts. The States, finding that the Su-
preme Court of the United States have asserted
and maintained the exclusive right of Congress to
legislate for the recovery of fugitive slaves bv the
special grants
And, sir, it is not difficult to perceive why the
Constitution withheld all power from Congress to
legislate on the subjects of fugitive criminals and
fugitive slaves, and has left this whole matter to
the States for enforcement. The framers of the
Constitution knew very well that it was a very
delicate matter for citizens without a State to at-
tempt to seize any persons within it. Slavehold-
ers knew that there was but one way by which
their fugitive slaves could be effectually recovered
to them, when entering another State, and that
State a free State. The power, the police, the ju-
diciary of the States, must be engaged. The faith
and duty of the States must be implicated. Every
man in the free States must be bound, as a party
to the constitutional compact, to deliver up to him
his slave, on his mere "claim." This is the great,
efficient remedy provided in the Constitution for
the recovery of fugitive slaves; and the claim be-
ing made, it rested with the State or the State au-
thorities to do one of two things—"deliver up"
the slave or pay for him. This is the alternative
aid in the recapture of fugitive slaves. And, in-
deed, sir, ifit be true that the recovery of fugitive
slaves is exclusively an affair of the General Gov-
ernment, what else could the free States do ?
Were not such laws unconstitutional? And would
they not be set aside by the courts of the United
States ? The doctrine of this court not only per-
mitted, but virtually commanded the States, as
sovereigns, and the people of the States as indi-
viduals, to stand aloof, and to leave the slaveholder
to the instrumentality of the Government of the
United States, and to this alone, to recover his fu-
gitive slave. Sir, I protest against this doctrine.
I protest against this usurpation on the part of
Congress. It is fatal to the rights of the South. I
maintain that, by the Constitution, we have the
faith of the States as sovereigns to a compact with
us; and that by that compact the government of
every free State, every man in every free State, is
bound, morally and constitutionally, to aid in the
recovery and restoration of our fugitive slaves.
But Congress has determined otherwise, and
the Supreme Court has determined otherwise. I
