1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
321
31st Cong 2d Sess.
The Fugitive Slave Laic—Messrs. Rhett and Clay. Price $ 1 50 for this Session.
tucky, and other States. Prom my birth, or from
my know ledce of conscious existence as a human
being, and since I have turned my attention to po-
litical alfmrs, I have been emphatically in the true,
legitimate, full sense of the term, a State-rights
man. But look at that school to which I have re-
ferred. They want you to exercise no power but
what m to I* found in the Constitution. I should
like some of those strict State-rights men to point
out to me what part of this Constitution Rives
to any one State the power of nullification of the
arts of all the ether States? What part of the
Constitution gives to any one of the States the
power of secession from the membership of the
Union? Where are they to be found? Why,
yotk find that whenever you press them on these
points, they fly from the Constitution and talk
about the mode of it#formation, its compact char-
acter, its being formed by the States. Whenever
it suits their purpose, or for any improper purpose
they wish to deduce power, either of nullification
or secession, or any other, they can find it without
the least difficulty, limited and circumscribed as
they would have all others in the interpretation of
the Constitution.
Mr. RHETT. I wish to say to the honorable
Senator from Kentucky that I suppose he will not
at all object, from the course he is pursuing, if I
should think proper to reply to the observations
he is now making.
Mr. CLAY. Of course I have no right to ob-
ject to it. If the gentleman chooses, I will sit
down now, if he has anything to say. I think it
due to the Senate that this debate should be closed
to-day, and this message be referred to the commit-
tee, in order that they may act upon it immediately.
1 will listen with pleasure to the Senator if he wishes
to go on now. But it is a mere passing notice
upon nullification and secession which I have been
making, and I will meet the Senator, or any of
his school in debate, whenever they choose to bring
wp this point on a proper occasion.
Mr. President, I could enumerate various in-
stances where, when powers were wanted, there
-was a departure from the rules of interpretation
which are insisted upon by the Senator. When-
ever the exercise of power is disliked, when there
is an opposition to the power, whenever there has
been an opposition to a law of a certain character
being passed, the denial of the power to pass it is
the invariable resort. Now, with respect to this
question, if we must discuss a question which has
been settled for upwards of half a century, let us
look for a few moments only—for I do not pro-
pose to take up much time—to this matter. The
Senator says that the clause which relates to the
recovery of fugitive slaves vests in Congress no
power whatever to enforce the execution of that
provision of the Constitution. Here I will read
the clause:
'< So person held to service or labor in one State, trader
the lam thereof, eseaping into another, shall in conse-
quence of any law or regulation therein, be discharged
from  ach service or labor, bat shall be delivered up on
claim of the party to whom such service or labor may be
doe."
The Senator contends, as does his coadjutor in
this interpretation of the Constitution, that this is
a duty devolved on the States. How so ? The
States are not mentioned, and Congress is not
mentioned, and therefore if, for the want of de-
claring that Congress should exercise the power,
the power cannot be exercised by Congress, so.
for the want of declaring that the States should
exercise the power, the States cannot exercise it.
Thus, according to the argument of the Senator,
neither the Stales nor Congress can exercise the
power. But what is this Constitution ? It makes
a Government. It is an aggregate of powers
vested in the Government—some of them enu-
merated; others, from the imperfection of human
nature and human language, are not specified, but
are incidents to the powers granted. I find in the
enumeration of the powers granted to Congress
the following:
"To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper
for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all
other |tower* vested by this Constitution in the Govern-
ment of the United States, or in any department or officer
thereof."
I hold that, when it is said a thing shall be done,
and when a Government is created to put this
Constitution into operation, and no other function-
New Semes—No. 21.
' ary or no other Government but the United States
i is referred to, the duty of enforcing the particular
power, the duty of carrying into etfiect the specific
provision, appertains to the General Government,
to the Government created by the Constitution of
the United States. The Constitution declares that
a slave shall be delivered up. It says not how or
by whom, whether by the istate, or by the General
' Government, or by any officer; but it grants author-
j lty to Congress to pass all laws necessary orprop-
! er to carry into effect the powers granted by the
Constitution.
There is another class of powers which, if I
had time, I would go through. Here is one
clause: " 
" All debts contracted and eafagemeat* catered lata be-
fore the adoption of this Constitution shaH be as valid
against the United States under this Constitution as under
the Confederation."
What power could carry into effect this provis-
ion of the Constitution ? Must it not be Congress?
1 find the following clause:
" The privilege of the writ of habeas corpus shall not be
suspended, unless when, in cases of rebellion or invasion,
the public safety may require it."
Thereis a general enunciation of theprinciple of a
great object. But has not the Government the pow-
er to carry the object into effect? Will the Senator
say that the General Government has not the right j
to specify cases of rebellion and invasion, when- i
ever the public safety may make it necessary to '
suspend the writ of habeas corpus? Why, there
is a large class of powers in the original Constitu-
tion, and in the twelve subsequent amendments,
which declare that certain tilings shall be, but
specify no particular authority by which they are
to be carried into effect. I then come to the con-
; elusion that the Congress of 1793, which had in it
aucn lights as Madison and other distinguished
; men, who had contributed to form the Constitution;
that the Supreme Court of the United States; that
' the Congress of the United States; that the people
i en masse almost of the United States, have not all
been wrong in supposing that, while it is not the
exclusive duty of Congress, yet it is the impera-
tive duty of Congress, especially in cases where
there is any defect in State legislation, to earrv
into effect this provision of the Constitution with
respect to fugitives, and all other general provis-
ions where there is no specification of the manner
in which they are to be carried into effect. Sir, I
do not take up the decision of the Supreme Court
in the case of Prigg and Pennsylvania. I know
the interpretations to which it is liable. I regret
that that court has sot since had an opportunity
of pronouncing on the principles which they then
disclosed. Three or four of the judges gave
opinions which conform to my idea of what the
Constitution is; that is, that while the States have
no right to obstruct the execution <}f the law for
the recovery of fugitives, while it is more espe-
cially the duty of Congress to provide the necessary
laws for their recovery, it is nevertheless compe-
tent for the States to aid, to help, to assist in the
execution of this power, as it is competent for the
States when we are involved in war to aid in the
prosecution of that war, although the war has been
declared by Congress, and must be mainly main-
tained by the general authority.
Mr. President, it was said in the course of this
debate that the law has not been fully executed;
that there are fifteen or thirty thousand slaves in
the free States, and only a few of .'them have been
recaptured. I dare say that in some localities of
the country, before the end of the year, it will be
said that there are fifty or one hundred thousand
fugitive slaves not surrendered up. I should like
to know from any Senator who has ventured to
state the actual number of fugitive slaves in the
free States of this Union, upon what authority he
ventures to make the statement. If it should be
said that from the commencement of the Govern-
ment fifteen or twenty thousand slaves had es-
caped from service in the different slaveholding
States, I should not be much disposed to contro-
vert the fact. But when it is asserted that at this
moment there are fifteen or twenty thousand fu-
gitive slaves in the free States, and! that only half
a dozen have been recaptured, and that therefore
the law has not been of any practical utility, I
should like to know the statistics or the facts on
which the statements are founded,
j Mr RHETT. I will state to the Senator that
I got the statement from the published proceedings
of an abolition society or convention held in the
State of New York.
Mr. CLAY. Ah! exactly such an authority
as the gentleman ought to take. The abolition so-
cieties of the North will probably take some such
statement, or corresponding statement, from one
of those societies in South Carolina that are asso-
ciated together to assert the doctrines of secession
and disunion. I do not believe the statement of
that abolition society. No man knows how many
fugitive "slaves there are in the North. There are,
without doubt, a good many. But why are they
not given up ? I venture to say that in a majority
of cases their former owners do not choose to put
themselves to the trouble of pursuing them. 1 dare
say many of them die, and hundreds, perhaps
thousands, escape into Canada. I presume gen-
tlemen will not say that it is the duty of the Gov-
ernment to bring the dead back to life, or to bring
the fugitives in Canada back to the United States,
unless they contend for what a waggish friend of
mine said the other day. "Why," said he,
" these gentlemen are very unreasonable, for.they
would perhaps desire that a slave should be caught
and surrendered before he actually runs away."
[Laughter.] What I meant to say before, and
what I say now is, that there has been no resist-
ance to the law for the recovery of fugitives that I
know of. except in the single case of Boston. 1
admit there has been some inconvenience sustained.
We could not fail to anticipate such inconvenience
There has been some expense, too; and 1 concur
entirely with the Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Ber-
kiek,] when he pronounced upon pettifogging re-
sorts which were made in a manner disgraceful to
the profession in Boston, in order to arrest the
agent from Georgia who went there to recover his
property. But is the General Government to be
responsible if slaves are aided and facilitated in
their escape, under circumstances in which it is
impossible for them to be pursued, while all the
General Government can do is to pass laws, and
to enforce them, and execute them ?
The Senator said that this proclamation of the
President, and the invocation of power was to
catch a fugitive slave. Now, is that the true state
of the case? The fugitive who ran away from
Boston the other day I think will probably never
be retaken, but it may be a consolation to him,
and will be to his owner, to know that the mar-
shal is responsible for him under the act passed
at the last session. Was the destruction of the tea
in the harbor of Boston at the commencement of our
Revolution nothing more than a little question as
to the price of tea? No, but a principle was in-
volved in it. So is a principle involved in this
matter. What is that principle? It is, whether
the laws shall be violently and outrageously op-
posed by force, or shall be executed ? If to-day
the law upon the subject of fugitive slaves is ob-
structed by violence and force, and its execution
prevented, what other law on our statute-book
may not to-morrow be obstructed by equal vio-
lence and its execution prevented ? What depart-
ment of the Government, what Government itself,
will not be opposed by violence and by force, and
thus its very existence be thr^tened ? The ques-
tion, then, is not the recovery of thefugitive slave.
The question is, shall the Government be main-
tained? Shall the law be enforced? Shall those
who have violated the sanctuary of justice and
carried away by forcible rescue a prisoner in the
custody of the United States, and all other similar
occurrences, be averted and prevented by peace-
able means, or, if not prevented, punishal? Why,
we would have a case somewhat analogous to
that which occurred in Boston, if two or three
hundred black men, instigated by a parcel of
white men, were to enter that door and drag the
Senator from Ohio, or any other Senator, from
his seat and withdraw him from his duty. Would
it then be said that only one Senator out of sixty-
two had been taken, and it was no great matter?
No, sir. The question is not about one or two
thousand fugitive slaves. It is a question which
strikes at the authority of the law—strikes at the
maintenance of this Government, which we have
derived from our ancestors. •
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Chase] the other
day told us that it was promised the compromises
of the last session woula bring peace and tranquil-
