3-29
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 34,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
The Fugitive Slave Laiv—Messrs. Chase and Clay.
Senate.
litv to this land, and that these measures have
effected no such tiling. Why, sir, so far as relates j
to the Wilmot proviso, agitation is quiet. So far
as relates to the admission of California it is
quiet. So far as relates to the settlement of the
Texas boundary there is quiet. So far as re-
lates to the abolition of slavery in this District,
I have not heard a single voice complaining: of
it. Then those measures have worked won-
ders. At least, the honorable Senator, and oth-
ers who concur with him in opinion, anticipated
a vast and boundless fund of agitation if the
compromise measures were passed. Instead of
that, they have themselves been reduced to peace.
Kay, more: the Senator himself, who was at
the last session an agitator, cries out for peace,
and reproaches me with being an agitator, of
which charge I will presently take some notice. .
Those measures have worked a miracle. They
have made thousands of converts among the Abo-
litionists themselves, and not one of them has
risen upon this floor, or upon the floor of the other
House, I believe; or if he has risen he was instant-
ly repelled, to move even a repeal of the measure;
whidh, by the by, the Senator from South Caro
lina ought forthwith to do, if he thinks the fugitive
slave law unconstitutional. I supposed he intend-
ed to conclude by intimating a purpose of that
kind. No, sir; peace has been produced to an
extent surpassing even my most sanguine antici-
pations. There was one exception made to the .
universality of peace. It was predicted by my-
self and others, at least, that the ultra Abolitionists
would not be tranquilized; that they would go on
and agitate; and they would denounce the exist-
ence of the Union. At Springfield, the other day, i
a meeting declared that, Constitution or no Con-
stitution, Union or no Union, law or no law, they '
wished the non-execution of the fugitive slave law ;
within the limits of that Commonwealth. Did the
Senator suppose we had undertaken the herculean
task of pacifying his friends, or at least those who
think with him on the general subject of aboli-
tion ?
Mr. CHASE. Does the Senator mean to enu-
merate me among those who ever expressed a
wish for the dissolution of the Union?
Mr. CLAY. No, sir; I only mean to say that
the Senator is in bad company. [Laughter.]
Mr. CHASE. If the Senator will be so kind
as to allow me to add a word, I will say that if I
am in bad company I do not know it.
Mr. CLAY. I mean in the company of the 1
Abolitionists. If the Senator will disavow and
repudiate the Abolitionists of all shades and colors,
I should be truly happy to hear him.
Mr. CHASE. I do disavow most emphatically
all association or connection with any class of per-
sons who desire the dissolution of this Union. I '
say now, as I said at the last session, that " we
' of the West are in the habit of looking upon this
'Union as we look upon the arch of heaven;
' without a thought that it can ever decay orfall."
In this sentiment I fully participate. I am aware
that there are some Abolitionists or Anti-slavery
men—names are of little consequence—who re-
gard the Constitution as at war with moral obli-
gation and the suprjpie law. I am not of them.
But if the Senator, whendenouncingAbolitionists,
means to include in his reproaches all those citi-
zens who, within the limits of constitutional obli-
gation, seek to rescue this Government from all
connection with slavery, I can claim no exemp-
tion. I am one of those who mean to exercise all
legitimate constitutional power to restrict slavery
within the limits of the slave States, and in all
places under the exclusive jurisdiction of the Na-
tional Government to maintain every person, of
whatever race or origin, in the enjoyment of per-
sonal freedom. That is my position.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, I am perfectly
aware of the infinite variety of Abolitionists. I
have not yet heard the Senator disavow Abolition-
ism.
Mr. CHASE. I do not know what the Sena-
tor means by the term.
Mr. CLAY. Disunion Abolitionism.
Mr. CHASE. I do not know to what class of
persons the Senator means to refer, when he de-
nounces and stigmatizes people as Abolitionists.
Ifhe by that epithet intends to designate that class
of persons of whom I say I am one, who wish to
maintain theUnion, butnottoallow slavery within I
the sphere of the exclusive jurisdiction of the Na-
tional Government, then I am doubtless an Abo-
litionist. But if by that term he intends only to '
describe those who would break up the Union or
interfere with that State legislation by which sla-
very is maintained within State limits, I do not
acknowledge its applicability to me.
Mr. CLAY. Upon my word, if the Senator
does not know what an abolitionist means, when
he has practised the doctrine for so many years,
I am sure I am unable to instruct or inform him.
All sorts of abolitionists seem to act together.
There are some more unblushing and violent than
others; there are some who call themselves minis-
ters of God, who from their pulpits denounce the
Constitution of the Union, and denounce all the
States in which slavery exists. Whether the
Senator be one of them or not, it is not for me to
say. I am very happy to hear him avow that he
is not a disunion abolitionist. There are two
descriptions of persons constituting the great aboli-
tion movement of the country. If those who
disavow extreme abolition will nevertheless, upon
all questions which rise in Congress or in the
country, array themselves on the side of the aboli-
tionists, and cooperate with them and support
measures which they support, and if these men
are those whom alone the abolitionists will sup-
port by their suffrages for office, call them as you
please, the result, the inevitable consequence of
the association, unless it is resisted by the potency
of the law and power of public opinion, is danger-
ous to the Union itself. The honorable Senator,
on Saturday last, placed himself in the attitude of
one who was desirous of peace and quiet and tran- II
' quillity, and imputed to me the spirit of agitation, j:
' The honorable Senator, indeed, came into the
I Senate with all the authority of a prosecuting at-
torney in a court of justice; his green bag dangling
at his side, his brief in his hand, his notes in his
pocket, and his authorities in his head. The two
■ counts of his indictment against me were, to make
out that I was an agitator and he a tranquil Sen-
ator. Why? Because the Executive of the
United States had communicated to us a docu-
ment showing that, to an atrocious and nefarious
extent, the slave trade was carried on, under the
flag of the United States, from the coast of Brazil
to the western coast of Africa, and I called the i
attention of the Senate to the fact, and moved a
resolution to instruct the committee to inquire into ;
and report upon the subject. I believe the Senator
opposed the reference, or, if he did not oppose the
reference, he made a speech on the occasion. My
object on that occasion was to enforce the laws of
the country, as on this occasion my object is to
clothe the Executive of the country with power
sufficient to remove forcible obstruction to the
execution of the laws. I who, during the last
session, ever raised my humble and feeble voice
in favor of the peace, the tranquillity, and the
union of these States—I who, upon only two occa-
sions this session, when the subject of slavery has
been referred to—(I mean on the occasion when '
the foreign African slave trade was mentioned, ,
and I sought to introduce a measure to suppress it '
and to punish the violators of our laws; and again
on this occasion, when, without special reference
to the act of the last session for the recovery of
fugitives,! propose a general law—for such would
be the effect of the law, if one be reported by the
committee—that in all cases where obstructions
by force are attempted against the execution of
the law of tire United States, the President shall
be invested with certain powers to put down those
obstructions)—I who, all the last session and all
this session, have stood on the side of peace, of
the Constitution, and of the laws and union of my
country, I am an agitator! The honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio, who has stood in directly an antag-
onistical position to me during the whole of the
last session—for on Saturday last, I think, he told
us he voted for but one of the compromise meas-
ures, and that was the abolition of the slave trade
in the District of Columbia—is a peace lover and
not an agitator! I who stood in this position,
and the Senator who stood in an antagonistical
position—I who now stand to execute the laws of
my country, no matter what those laws may be,
I and the Senator who stands up in opposition, if I
i! understood him, to the enforcement of the laws,
and to the reference of the message—I am an agi-
tator, and the Senator a dove of peace! [Laugh-
ter.]
While on this subject, I beg leave to say, that
except in the case of the whiskey rebellion, there
has been no instance in which there was so violent
and forcible obstruction to the laws of the United
Statessince the commencementof the Government.
Perhaps I ought to say a word on-an occurrence
of this kind, which took place in my own town,
which was referred to the- other day by the Sena-
tor from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale.] What
was that case? A namesake of mine attempted to
establish a paper in the town of Lexington, that
town situated in a county where there are the
greatest number of slaves ot any county iit the
whole State of Kentucky. There were some in-
temperate and supposed to b incendiary articles in
the paper. The editor was requested to stop his
paper; he refused to do it. The people of the sur-
rounding counties—theeiiif, the men of wealth and
highest respect, the most prominent men in socie-
ty—1 was not there myself, and do not suppose
me to be approving even of that apparently order-
ly proceeding, for^on the contrary, I condemn all
violent interference with the due and regular exe-
cution of the laws—assembled in the town of Lex-
ington to the amount of thousands. That public
meeting appointed a committee of sixty or eighty
persons to request the editor again to remove his
paper. He declined. They then removed it them-
selves. It was taken out without the employment
of force and without resistance. The types were
carefully putup and sent to Cincinnati, the city in
which the honorable Senator from Ohio himself
resides. But now for the sequel. This editor was
himself exceptionable to that meeting. But he
brought his suits in the courts and actually recov-
ered damages for the injury done to his property
by its being seized and removed, contrary to his
wishes and in violation of his rights. He recov-
ered a verdict and judgment, and received every
cent to the full amount of injury he had sustained.
Sir, I shall not go over the various instances
which have been adverted to of the riotous proceed-
ings of mobs,as they have been called. I condemn
them all. But if they have been as frequent as
they have been represented to be, so far from be-
ing a palliation for the recent mob in Boston, the
necessity is greater that the Government should
speak out and exercise its power to repress these
irregular proceedings. There seem to be some re-
grets expressed about the employment of force, in
order to execute the laws of the United States. I
happen to have in my hands two laws passed on
the same day, during the administration of Mr.
Jefferson, investing the Executive part of the Gov-
ernment with power to employ the military and
naval forces. One provides:
"That in all cases of insurrection, or obstruction to the
laws, either of the United States or of any individual State
or Territory, \vh«re it is lawful for the President of the
United States to call forth the militia for the purpose of re-
pressing such insurrection, or of causing the laws to be duly
executed, it shall be lawful for him to emplny.for thesamtt
purposes, such part of the land or naval force of the United
States as shall be judged necessary, having first observed all
the prerequisites of the law in that respect."
This act was passed March 3d, 1807, and on the
same day another law was passed. I will not take
up the time of the Senate by reading it, as it is
very long. It was a law for the removal of per-
sons who took possession of any part of the do-
main of the United States. I will read part of it:
And it shall moreover be lawful for the President of the
United States to direct the marshal, or officer acting as
man-hal, in the manner hereinafter directed, andalso to take
such other measures and to employ such military force as
he may judge necessary and proper, to remove from landd
ceded or secured to the United States, by treaty or cession
as aforesaid, any person or persons who shall hereafter take
possession of the same, or make or attempt to make a set-
tlement thereon, until thereunto authorized by law."
Here were two laws passed on the same day, on
i the same third of March, 1807—one general, ex-
! tending to all obstructions of the law, and author-
izing the employment of military force; and the
other applicable to the single case of persons set-
tling on the public lands, and attempting to hold
possession. I know it is sometimes said that this
is a Government of opinion, and that you cannot
employ force. No man on earth would deprecate
more than myself the occasion of any occurrence
in which it might be necessary to employ force.
, No man would regret more than myself the shed-
