324
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 24,
31st Cong 2d Sess. The Fugitive Slave Law—Messrs. Berrien, Davis of Mass., fyc.
Senate.
not a right to pass it; I do not place it on that
fround, because I consider the former laws of
iasaachusetts, as being swept from the statute-
book by the decision in the case of Prigg vs.
Pennsylvania, and the repeal of them was a mere
matter of form and nothing else. But when it
came to a denial of the use of State officers under
penalties, and of the prisons, I should have hesi-
tated. However, I think no gentleman who will
read that decision will for a moment question the
right of Massachusetts to go to the full length to
which she lias gone, for where is to be found in
the Constitution a shadow of authority for calling
upon Massachusetts to furnish officers or prisons
to execute the laws of the United States ?
There are some other circumstances to which I
adverted the other day, connected with this sub-
ject, to which I wish now to point a little more
distinctly. I took occasion to say that there were
laws in some southern States offensive to Massa-
chusetts—certain laws by which a class of her cit-
izens were imprisoned, without charge of crime of
any sort or kind. It was shown when that sub-
ject was under discussion, that colored sailors,
free citizens, were imprisoned without pretence of
crime, and that several sailors who were ship-
wrecked upon the coast of South Carolina were
seized and put in prison, from which they could
not be delivered until they paid the charges. They
were treated thus without any allegation of crime.
Now, what did we do? We asked Congress,
when they were acting upon this fugitive slave
law, to give these citizens the right of habeas cor-
pus, which was taken away by the legislation of.
South Carolina. We asked them to do one thing
more. The courts of justice, by the laws of
South Carolina, were shut against citizens of this
description. We made the humble and reasonable
request, offering an amendment to that effect, that
these doors should be opened, and that the ques-
tion should be tried whether or not it was lawful
to imprison these people without some charge of
offence.
Now, my friend from North Carolina, while
censuring Massachusetts for her illiberal legisla-
tion, voted against these amendments. His votes
will be found recorded in the Journal as expressive
of the opinion that this injustice shall be con-
tinued. I advert to this for the purpose of remind-
ing the Senator that when he delivers a philippic
upon the illiberality of the Legislature of Massa-
chusetts, he should also, on some convenient oc-
casion, revise his own votes, and, in the adminis-
tration of even-handed justice, vent a portion of
his indignation upon other quarters for their illib-
erality.
This occurrence in Boston is said to be a promi-
nent case, standing out distinguishable from all
other cases—equalled by none except the whiskey
rebellion—none having occurred which so much
demanded the reprobation and interposition of
this Government. Why, it is but a short time
since we witnessed a civil war in our neighboring
State, Rhode Island; an actual insurrection—army
arrayed against army. If I am not greatly mis-
informed, this Government was then appealed to
to issue its proclamation, to interpose its pacifying
power; but it declined to do so. We never saw
any proclamation. There was, so far as we
know, no interposition. Rhode Island was left
to take care of her own rights in the best way she
could, and to enforce the laws as she might.
Now, I apprehend that the honorable Senator
from Alabama, [Mr. Clemens,] who spoke to us
in a plain manly way the other day, and with
very good sense, has the key to this whole mat-
ter. He said, in substance, if I remember him
aright, that if this case were anything but a fugi-
tive slave case, it would not be sustained; the
facts would not uphold it. And why ? He said
because it was an agitating topic, exciting a large
portion of the country, and that it was due from
the Administration now in power to make this
demonstration, in order to satisfy the southern
mind of its sincere desire to sustain the fugitive
slave law. If that is the right view of the matter,
the course of events and things in Massachusetts
have no great connection with this subject. If it
is necessary as a propitiatory measure to the
South, let it be no; let it stand on that foundation
alone. All I protest against is casting blame and
reproach on the people of my State, which I think
is unjustifiable and uncalled for; but I am sure the
public will not fail to comprehend the whole mat-
ter.
I will conclude by saying that it does not appear
to me that a case has arisen in which military
force is necessary to give support to the civil in-
stitutions, and I will venture to predict that the
people of my State have no occasion to be alarmed
on this topic—that there will be no navy, no army,
no militia sent there.
Mr. BERRIEN. I desire to say a single word
to rescue the State of Georgia from the parallel
which the Senator from Massachusetts has en-
deavored to draw between the case to which he
referred and the present case. He is certainly
most unfortunate in the selection of his example.
This is the case of a lawless mob rescuing an indi-
vidual from the custody of officers of the United
States. The case to which he referred presented
the question whether the States of this Union had
authority to execute the judgments of their own
courts; whether, by the compact which was en-
tered into between these States in forming this
Constitution, they had surrendered any portion of
their criminal jurisdiction to the courts of the
United States ? The individual in that case was
tried and convicted before a court of the State of
Georgia, and in obedience to the judgment of that
court was executed by the proper ministerial offi-
cer. The question whether the courts of the
United States can interfere with the courts of the
States in the exercise of their criminal jurisdiction,
is one which the honorable Senator will have to
maintain affirmatively before he can with propriety
draw into question the conduct of the State of
Georgia on that occasion.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I do not think
the honorable Senator from Georgia quite hits the
point. Who is to decide whether the decisions of
Georgia are final or not? Not Georgia, surely.
How stands the case ? The Chief Justice issued a
writ of error, and after that writ of error was is-
sued , and before it could be tried, Georgia executed
the sentence on the individual by causing him to
be hung; thus taking away, by an arbitrary step
of her own, the power of this Government to try
the question at all, although it arose under existing
treaties with the United States. Whether this
was an assault upon the powers and laws of the
United States the public will judge.
Mr. BERRIEN. The question presented by
the case in Georgia, as I understand it, was the
simple question of the right of a State to carry out
its own criminal jurisprudence. When I say to
the Senator that, in order to make his case a par-
allel one, he must show affirmatively that the Su-
preme Court of the United States has jurisdiction
to issue a writ of error to a State in a criminal case,
he is not to sustain his proposition by saying a
writ of error was issued by the Chief Justice. I
think, however, he is under a misapprehension in
regard to that fact.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I think not.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I have no inten-
tion, Mr. President, to debate the question of sla-
very, or the relations of the States on the rights
and. duties appertaining to slave property. 1 said
at the last session, I believe, all that I wished to
say upon that subject. Under present circum-
stances, I could have no hope to change the opin-
ion of any one here, could have no expectation
that what I might say would do any good as to
those points decided against us, when our pros-
pects were better than now. I came here with the
foreknowledge that slave property was one of the
interests I in part represent, which must be pro-
tected elsewhere, not here. I therefore do not in-
tend to debate that question. Some remarks have
been made, however, to which I think it proper
briefly to reply.
The Senator from Massachusetts speaks of the
execution of the fugitive slave law as a propitia-
tion to the South. If it be so, it is only because
such discharge of a constitutional requirement will
be welcome as an offering to good faith—a suppo-
sition in keeping with the position of the South,
which never has demanded anything but the strict
observance of the Constitution. But I deny that
the South asks it as a boon or propitiation at the
hands of the United States Government. They
have claimed that the execution of this law was a
compliance with the obligations of the Constitu-
tion; they cannot properly view it as a favor
granted to them, or consider a recognition of an
express provision of the Constitution a condition
to be treated for. They must receive it as a right,
not to be estimated, as some seem to suppose, by
the value of the property, but for the principle
which is involved. Senators make a great mis-
1 take when they suppose a southern planter, who
loses a slave by the refusal in a neighboring State
to deliver him on demand, is most concerned for
tlie labor of which he is deprived. They make a
great mistake if they suppose that, from such a
condition, a master would ordinarily wish to bring
a slave back to his own State. The more com-
mon feeling among planters would, I think, be not
to bring him back to contaminate the more faith-
ful servants. It seems to be a species of property,
: however, which is under the bail of the majority;
and therefore it is that the minority so sternly
' insist on the right, and now demand faithfully and
summarily the rendition of their fugitives from
service or labor, that their constitutional rights
may not be trampled upon by those who now
seek to crush the compromises which have nur-
tured their growth, and upon which this Union
i was founded. This is the great question that is,
in my view, involved in the execution of the law
j for the delivery of fugitive slaves.
i The enactment of this law has been spoken of
1 as resulting from the system of measures enacted
at the last session of Congress. If so, then let the
Sovith measure the faith of the North. If they
have observed the Constitution, if they have
passed a law to carry out one of its express pro-
, visions merely as a contract, as a means by which
( they should get something they desired, I loathe
I the motive, and scorn the pittance. It never had
! any claim to our confidence or respect, save so far
as it was received as a tribute to constitutional
rights. But is it the offspring of the "compro-
mise," as it has been called ? Was it so enacted?
Who framed it? The Senator from Virginia,
[Mr. Mason,] who was not one of those who ad-
vocated the compromise measures. Who amend-
ed it to its present form ? Who sustained it in
argument and voted for it ? Sir, the northern ma-
jority on that occasion allowed the southern minor-
ity to pass the bill. The North did not pass it.
They did not meet their obligations to the Consti-
[ tution and their faith to the Union. Seats were
vacated, and the southern members were allowed
to pass a law which had to be executed at the
North. That is the history of the transaction.
Was there, then, not reason to suppose that a law
which could only be passed by a system of absent-
eeism, would be a failure? Have not all the fears
expressed been more than realized ? Why refer
to events in Illinois and Indiana? They executed
the law of 1793. Why refer to the State of Iowa?
That State has always been sound on this ques-
tion, and required no additional legislation. That
law was necessary for States in which abolition
ruled the civil government. Has it there proved
effective? That is the question. Not whether
there are non-slaveliolding States true to the Con-
stitution, and true to their obligations in relation
to this species of property; but whether those
States where it was sought to destroy the right of
the slaveholder to his fugitive slave have been
checked by the law of the last session of Congress ?
If not, then the Senator from Virginia is right
when he denies that it has not borne fruits.
Nor, Mr. President, has it been my good for-
tune to perceive that improved state of feeling
which it is said has been produced in the country.
Never within my remembrance have there been
so many and such excited meetings as since the
last session of Congress. Never have I seen such
numerous accounts of anti-slavery conventions.
Since then a British abolitionist has come to reap
a harvest from the excitement which has been
spread broadcast over one section of the country.
Is this the evidence of an improved state of feel-
ing, which we are told is now in existence? If
so, what went before must indeed have been
gloomy.
But we are told, notwithstanding the beneficial
results which it is said have been the consequence
of these measures, that the Union is in danger.
Is it true? If so, whence came the danger?
I Where rose this cloud which lowers over our
J house? Was the Union in danger when Congress
