328
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Rivers and Harbors—Messrs. Bright and Hamlin.
[March I,
Senate.
with the great interests of external and internal
commerce.
I trust I shall be excused for being strenuous on
this subject. This is the last measure in the world
on which hasty legislation ought to take place. I
am in favor of making proper appropriations for
objects of internal improvement, purely national
in their character. I am myself anxious that such
appropriations should be made. But the course
of legislation in which honorable Senators now
indulge is utterly mischievous, more especially if
it be true, as stated in the public papers of the
country, that this particular bill was gotten up
with a view of accommodating the interests of
particular sections. In other words, it has been
stated that it has been deemed important in the
first instance to ascertain tliat ninety different
congressional districts would be so far benefited
by the bill in its present shape as to enable its
friends to carry it by means of a combination of
votes obtained, I will not say by management or
bargain, but obtained in a manner which, if known
to the people of this country, would justly excite
their disgust and horror. It is introducing, in my
opinion, a principle in our legislation which must
be greatly mischievous in time to come; for, when-
ever legislation is conducted on the principle of a
traffic of interests and sectional management, then,
in my opinion, the day will have come when the
true glory of our institutions will have passed
away, and these institutions themselves will be
ready to fall into the gulf of utter ruin and de-
struction.
Mr. BRIGHT. A few general remarks will
indicate my course on this measure. I voted to
take up the bill, not with the purpose of voting
for it in its present shape, for if I have the alter-
native submitted to me of voting for or against,
I prefer to vote against it, and shall do so. There
are various items in the bill that are not at all na-
tional in their character, that have not been esti-
mated for, as I understand, by any of the Depart-
ments authorized to estimate for such works.
Appropriations have been put in for the purpose,
if I may be permitted to speak conjecturally, of
enhancing the value of private property at partic-
ular points. I will not vote for the bill if it con-
tains appropriations for either the Tennessee, the
Arkansas, the Illinois, and this class of rivers. I
would not vote for it if it contained an appropria-
tion for any point within my own State, unless I
believed the work national in its character. I do
not think any of the rivers 1 have named comes
within this definition.
There is a principle involved in this matter which
has formed part of the history of the party to which
I am attached. Notwithstanding I believe the im-
provement of the Ohio and Mississippi rivers is
almost indispensably necessary to commerce, yet
I will not violate a principle and vote for the trib-
utary rivers and unknown places, aiding private
speculation, for the sake of obtaining appropria-
tions for works that are national in their charac-
ter, and which ought to pass on general grounds
of public policy. If the bill can be narrowed
down to appropriations for works of this class,
■which have been estimated for by the proper De-
partment, I will vote for it; but whenever we
reach a point when it is ascertained that we must
take this bill, as it is, without adding to or striking-
from it, I shall be prepared to record my vote for
laying it on the table. Therefore I appeal to all
the true friends of appropriations for rivers and
harbors (I mean such rivers, harbors, and lakes
as are admitted to be national in their character)
to consent to so amend this bill as to embrace only
the objects estimated for in 1849, and thus silence
the opposition of some Senators who otherwise
will oppose, and, I believe, defeat, all appropria-
tions this session. I repeat, that I do not believe
the bill can pass as it came from the House of
Representatives.
Mr. HAMLIN. I regret extremely that I
deem it to be my duty at this unpropitious moment
to occupy a short portion of the time of the Sen-
ate. Still I must do so; and, in doing so, I think
I shall incur no responsibility, which has been al-
luded to, for the defeat of the appropriation bills;
because, if either of those bills be defeated, the
responsibility will not be with this body. I hold
it to be a solemn mockery of legislation, when
this body is compelled to act during the last two
days of the session on all the material appropria-
tion bills. We have yet to act upon the civil and
diplomatic, the Army, and the Navy appropria-
tion bills, which appropriate their tens of millions
of dollars. One of these bills has not yet been re-
Eorted by the Committee on Finance, and one
as not yet come to us from the House. If, then,
any of these bills should fail, the fault is not with
this body. Let it rest where it belongs.
As one of the minority of the committee to
which the bill under consideration was referred, 1
beg leave to present to the Senate some facts, some
figures, and some reasons which induced me to
be one of that minority. In the first place, I beg
leave to state that I draw no line of distinction be-
tween improvements on our great rivers and lakes
andfOn the Atlantic coast. If the work be na-
tional in its character, and worthy of the fostering
care of the Government, I think there is no sound
distinction which can be drawn between such a
work upon one of our great rivers or lakes and a
similar work upon the coast. But this bill, as it
comes to us, has features in it which to my mind
are objectionable, and objectionable to such a de-
gree that I must vote against the bill in its present
shape. It seems to me that those who favor the
bill should not only be ready and willing, but
should work cheerfully with those opposed to the
bill, to strip it of its objectionable features.
The whole amount appropriated by this bill is
$2,341,376, a little less than two and a half mil-
lions. Of that sum there is $709,000 appropri-
ated for the Atlantic coast, $1,632,376 for the lakes
and western rivers—including the rivers of Texas.
Thus the bill appropriates more than two dollars
upon the lakes and rivers to one dollar upon the
Atlantic coast. This is no serious objection to
my mind, although upon principles of equity and
fairness, a different proportion might have existed
in the bill. The true wants of the Government,
limited within the rule which I have laid down,
should be our only guide as to whether the amount
of appropriation should be greater for one section
of the country than for another.
The next fact which I glean from the bill is,
that it contains in all eighty-eight separate and
distinct items of appropriation, of which at least
twenty-nine are for new works. Five hundred
and fifty-five thousand dollars, or little more than
half a million, are appropriated for the commence-
ment of new works; $1,786,376 are appropriated
for the prosecution of old works.
In the bill, as it now stands, there is appropri-
ated for works lying within the State of Maine,
$35,000; within the State of Vermont, $15,000;
within the State of New York, $355,500; within
the State of Pennsylvania, $55,000; within the
State of Ohio, $120,000; within the State of Michi-
gan, $160,000; within the State of Illinois, $27,176;
within the State of Wisconsin, $95,000; within
the State of Iowa, $20,000; within the State of
Missouri, $50,000; within the State of Mary-
land, $40,000; within the State of Massachusetts,
$55,500; within the State of North Carolina,
$117,500; within the State of Connecticut, $21,000;
within the State of Georgia, $50,000; within the
State of Rhode Island, $5,000; within the State of
Delaware, $90,000; within the State of New Jer-
sey, $15,000; within the State of Louisiana,
$105,000; within the State of Alabama, $50,000;
within the State of Virginia, $20,000; within the
State of Texas, $95,700; within the State of
South Carolina, $25,000—the sum total being
$1,622,376.
There is another class of miscellaneous items,
which affect different States in a greater or less de-
gree. The first is for a dredge-boat on Lake
Champlain, $9,000. Lake Champlain is not con-
fined to the State of Vermont. The next is for a
dredge-boat on Lake Erie, $20,000. Then $20,000
for a dredge-boat on Lake Michigan; $25,000 for
the survey of the northwestern lakes; $20,000 for
repairs of harbors on the Atlantic coast; $80,000
for the Ohio river above Louisville; for the Mis-
sissippi below the rapids, the Ohio below the falls
of Louisville, and the Missouri and Arkansas
rivers, $240,000; for the Illinois and Tennessee
rivers, ($50,000 each,) $100,000; for the upper and
lower rapids of the Mississippi, $50,000; for the
survey of the Mississippi river above the Falls of
St. Anthony , $5,000; for dredge-boats for the Mis-
sissippi, Ohio, Missouri, Arkansas, and other
western rivers, $100,000; for Cumberland dam,
Ohio river, ^50,000. These miscellaneous item:*
amount in the aggregate to §719,000; which added
to the specific appropriations already enumerated,
make a sum total of ^2,341,376.
A word now in regard to the appropriations for
works in the various States. The fact that they
are located in a particular State does not show the-
importance of them Co the State in which they are
located. A single illustration will show what may
be exhibited in nearly every case. The appro-
priations made in this bill for the Delaware break-
water, for the linrbor at Port Penn and Reedy
Island, in the Delaware river, is located in the
State of Delaware; but yet it ia to facilitate the
commerce that has its connection with Pennsylva-
nia, at Philadelphia, that these works are con-
structed, vastly more than to aid the commerce of
the State of Delaware. So it is in relation to all
these works at their various localities. Their ben-
efits are not confined to their particular locality.
' If they were tliey could not be national in their
i character. Still, the particular location of the ap-
propriations were made in the States, correspond-
ing to the several amounts which I have read. It
is also true that the miscellaneous class of items
to which I have invited the attention of the Sen-
ate—for dredge-boats upon the lakes and great
rivers—can have no particular locality, because the
various lakes are not limited by a single State, and
the great rivers flow through a number of States.
Consequently, in this classification of the works,
it will be seen at a single glance that they cannot be
made strictly local in their application to States.
Another fact in relation to this bill. There are
appropriations in it for twenty-nine new works,
I nave not time to go into the enumeration of
!' them; I should feel that I was unnecessarily con-
suming the time of the Senate were 1 to do so. I
wish, however, to say that, in my judgment,
every single appropriation in this bill for the con-
struction of any work should be in a separate and
! distinct bill. Such was my opinion in the commit-
tee. My attempt to produce that result failed. I
!: should vote with great cheerfulness for that class
: of appropriations in the bill which comes within
the limitation which I have marked down for my-
self; but I cannot, I will not vote for appropria-
tions which are objectionable to me, and which are
, without that limitation.
i There is another subdivision besides that of sep-
arate bills for each work. All the appropriations
for the prosecution of old works might be put in
one bill, and those for the commencement of new
works in another. But a majority of the commit-
tee did not deem that course expedient, and con-
sequently they reported the bill as it came from
the House—new works and old works altogether
in one bill: those for which estimates were not
made, as well as those which have been estimated
for.
There are twenty-nine new works, and of that
number a considerable portion, I think ten, for
which no estimate has been made by any Depart-
ment. There are others, where there have been
no surveys, either by the topographical bureau or
the coast survey, and I am not here to draw a
distinction between these two surveys. The sur-
veys of most of these works must necessarily be
prosecuted in a considerable degree by the Navy,
and, so far as the survey of that bureau goes, I
give it as much importance perhaps as I give to a
survey of the topographical bureau. But there
are works in this bill of which there has been no
survey whatever by either of these bureaus,
and which have been estimated for by nobody.
Now, by what rule is it that we are to judge of the
necessity, the propriety, and the expediency of
such works as these? Make your commencement,
and your work is to be completed. We all under-
stand that it is only necessary to commence a
work in order to insure a subsequent appropria-
tion. There should certainly be some latitude;
there should be some limitation laid down by this
body, in my judgment, within which it should
confine its action. 1 am certainly unwilling to step
out of that line which excludes both bureaus—the
coast survey and the topographical bureau. I
think I may say that this very appropriation
which we are now discussing is one which has
been surveyed by neither of them. After the
,, amendment offered by the Senator from Alabama
