1851.)
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
329
3 1st Cong 2d Sess. Rivera and Harbors—Messrs. Borland, Hamlin, Clay, and Butler,
Senate.
•hall be disposed of, 1 shall move to exclude the I
rivers Tennessee and Illinois fiom the bill. Why? |j
Because there has been no survey of these rivers
by anv officer of the Government. There has
never teen made, to my knowledge, an appropria-
tion by the Government of a single dollar for either
of these rivers. True, 1 think the Government
has made an appropriation in lands to one of the
Slates, and that State made some improvements.
We all understand here how lands are riven to
the States. They are given with railroad speed.
Upon every bill granting lands to the new States,
for railroads or other purposes, a Senator need
only get up and say that he has a little bill making
a donation of afew acres of land,and it has a sort
of eharm in the Senate. All opposition is hushed
into silence, and the bill is passed through with
astonishing rapidity and hurried off to the other
House. This is the way that these appropria-
tions for land are made for canals and railroad*.
The new States have been asking for only a little
land, and yet by various bills they have received
about twenty millions of acres of land, which
I should consider a very considerable farm. If
the land is given to the States, it is bound to go
through.
Then there is the Colorado river, in the State of
Texas, running, I believe, wholly within that Siate; '
certainly so far as it is navigable. There is a pro-
vision of $50,000 for that river, and we have had no
surrey of it, no recommendation from any of the
Departments. I think the Rio Grande occupies
the same position, with this distinction: it is our
boundary; it is the boundary between us and an-
other Government, and, in a military point of
view, we may be required to strengthen that, and
there may be some reasons why an appropiation
should be made for that river; but it does not seem ;
to come within the rule which I have laid down. !
Upon that, however, I do not desire to express an I
opinion.
There are other appropriations upon the lakes
and rivers of which we have not one word of in-
formation from either of the bureaus. How if
we are to have no limitation, if an appropriation
is to be made upon the individual representation
of a member, you commence a work which must
be concluded, and you open a door to a system
which must end in the destruction of the revenues
of this Government.
These are the reasons which induce me to op-
pose the bill in its present shape, and will compel
me to vote against it, if it shall remain in its pres-
ent shape. Besides, I have upon my table a rec-
ommendation from Colonel Abert, of the topogra-
phical bureau, in relation to some three or four
different points, which are certainly of a national
character, stretching along our coast, where he
not only makes an estimate, but makes a recom-
mendation in favor of an appropriation, but the
majority of the committee have thought fit to ex-
clude these points; they were voted down in com-
mittee. Still I shall deem it my duty to offer
than here, for the consideration and disposition of
the Senate. If we are to rely at all upon the de-
partments, I do not see the justice of excluding
their recommendations. There is certainly some
safety in relying upon them. I do not see the pro-
priety and justice of excluding a certain class of
cases which they may recommend, and including
others which have never been recommended or
considered by them. I am not quite sure how
this may be in relation to the upper waters of Red
river. I know there have been appropriations
made for that. The appropriation in this bill for
that object is not very specific; it left me, as one
of the committee, somewhat in doubt about it.
There is, in connection with this matter, another
table, to which I beg leave to call the attention of
the Senate. These works had their origin mainly
in 1827. I find that there have been appropria-
tions for these objects as follows:
In 1827  *82,559 70
In 1828 121,094 35
In 1829  505,666 43
In 1830 298,655 94
In 1831 667.846 19
In 1832   533,249 00
In 1833   694,638 67
In 1834   642,536 46
In 1835   591,242 88
In 1836 873,962 46
In 1837, a period of time when the Treasury of
the Government was so overflowing that what is
generally known as the distribution act was passed
for the purpose of relieving the Government of its
funds, there wasan appropriation of >1,383,214 77.
The appropriations for the succeeding years were:
In 1838 >1,063 890 03
In 1839    787,218 48
In 1840  150,824 76
In 1841  60,860 16
In 1842 :  71,572 52
In 1843 No appropriation.
In 1844  655,000 00
If I am right in my computations, this bill pro-
poses an expenditure of nearly >1,000,000 more
than at any previous time for these objects. «I
should say, in justice to this table, however, that
taking the sum appropriated by this bill and ap-
portioning it among the several years when there
has been no appropriation for these objects, it is a
little less than the general average for these years, i
Mr. BORLAND. I wish to ask the Senator
from Maine if he has gone into a calculation as to
the proportion of money paid for appropriations '
to be expended upon the Atlantic coast as com-
pared with the amount appropriated for the west-
ern rivers.
Mr HAMLIN. I cannot answer that ques-
tion, and it would have taken more time to make
the estimate than I could have at my disposal. I
have not gone into the calculation. When this bill
wss before the committee they, went into an inves-
tigation in relation to the expense for this year
only. I now wish to say that if no other Senator ,
does it, I shall move to strike out those provisions
which to my mind are not national, and those
which have not been recommended by the Depart-
ments, with the hope that the motion may receive i
the favorable consideration of the Senate. If the j
motion prevails, the bill will then receive my vote;
but if not, it will not.
Mr. CLAY. There are three modes of killing
a bill.- One is by meeting it boldly, straight-for-
ward, coming up to the mark, and rejecting it.
Another is by amendments upon amendments,
trying to make it better than it was. Of "course I
do not speak of the motive* in offering the present
amendment. I speak of the effect, which is just
as certain, if these amendments are adopted, as if
the bill was rejected by a vote against its passage.
A third mode is to speak against time when there
is very little time left.
Sir, I have risen to say to the friends of this bill
that if they desire it to pass, I trust they will vote
with me against all amendments, and come to as
speedy and rapid action as possible. Under the
idea of an amendment you will gain nothing. I
think it likely there are some items that should not
be in the bill; and can you expect in any human
work, where there are forty or fifty items to be
passed upon, to find perfection? If you do, yon
expect what never was done and what you will
never see. I shall vote for the bill for the sake of
the good that is in it, and not against it on account
of the bad that it happens to contain. I am will-
ing to take it as a man takes his wife, " for better
or for worse," believing we shall be much more
happy with it than without it.
An honorable Senator has gotten up and told us
that here is an appropriation of $2,300,000. Do
vou not recollect that for the last four or five years
there have been no appropriations at all upon this
subject ? Look at the ordinary appropriation in
1837 of £1,307,000; for it is a most remarkable
fact that those administrations most hostile to the
doctrine of internal improvements have been pre-
cisely those in which the most lavish expenditures
have been made. Thus we are told this morning
that there were five, six, or eight hundred thou-
sand dollars durine General Jackson's administra-
tion, and >1,300,000 during the first year of Mr.
Van Buren's. Now, there has been no appropria-
tion during the last three or four years, and, in
consequence of this delinquency and neglect on
I the part of Congress heretofore, because some
>2,300,000 are to be appropriated by this bill, we
are to be startled by the financial horrors and dif-
ficulties which have been presented, and driven
from the duty which we ought to pursue. With
regard to the appropriations made for that portion
, of the country from which I come—the great Val-
- ley of the Mississippi—I will say that we are a
reasoning people, a feeling people, and a contrast-
ing people; and how Ion? will it be before the peo-
ple of this vast valley will rise en masse and tram-
ple down your little hair-splitting distinction about
what is national, and demand what is just anil
fair, on the part of this'Government, in relation
to their great interests? The Mississippi, with all
its tributaries—the Red, Wabash, Arkansas,Ten-
nessee, and Ohio rivers—constitnte a part of a
great system, and if that system be not national, I
should like to know one that is national. We ara
told here that a little work, great in its value, one
for which I shall vote with great pleasure—the
breakwater in the little State of Delaware—is a
great national work, while a work which has for
its object the improvement of that vast system of
rivers which constitute the Valley of the Missis-
sippi, which is to save millions and millions of
human lives, is not a work to be done, because it
is not national. Why, look at the appropriations.
Here was our young sister, California, admitted
but the other day; >1,500,000 fora basin there to
improve her facilities, and how much for custom-
houses? Four or five hundred thousand dollars
more in that single State for two objects than tl e
totality of the sum proposed to be appropriated
here. Around the margin of the const of the At-
lantic, the Mexican gulf, and the Pacific coast,
everywhere we pour out, in boundless and un-
measured streams, the treasure of the United
States, but none to the inferior of the West, the
Valley of the Mississippi: every cent is contested
and denied for that object. Will not our people
draw the contrast ? Talk about commerce ! We
have all sorts of commerce. I have no hesitation
in saying that the domestic commerce of the lakes
and the Valley of the Mississippi is greatly supe-
rior in magnitude and importance to all the foreign
commerce of the country for which these vast ex-
penditures are made. Sir, I call upon the north-
western Senators, upon western Senators, upon
eastern Senators, upon Senators from all quarters
of the Union, to recollect that we are parts of one
common country, and that we cannot endure to
see, from month to month, and from day to day,
in consequence of the existence of snags in the
Mississippi which can be removed at a trifling ex-
pense, hundreds of lives and millions of property
destroyed, in consequence of the destruction of
the boats navigating these rivers, for the want of
some little application of the means of our common
Government.
I do not say these people will be driven to any
great and important action, threatening the integ.
rity of the Union. No, sir; they will stand by
this Union under all circumstances; they will
support it, they will defend it, they will fly any-
where aad everywhere to support it; but they
will not endure much longer this partial, limited,
exclusive appropriation of the public revenue of
the country to this mere margin of the country,
without doing anything for that interior which
equals nearly, if it does not entirely constitute a
moiety of the population of the country.
Mr. President, I have been drawn into these
remarks very irregularly, I admit. I am de-
lighted to see some of my Democratic friends
| breaking the miserable trammels of party. Na-
tionality! Is not that a national improvement
j which contributes to the national power, whether
! the improvement be in the little State of Delaware
! or in the great valley of the Mississippi ri-er?
What makes it harder, especially with regard to
the Mississippi river, is, that from the vast body
! of water it is impossible to make any great na-
tional improvement. All that can be done is to
make small annual improvements, by clearing out
trees from that great national highway, to take up
; the annual snags which form themselves in the
! river. It requires constant and incessant appli-
i cation of means in order to keep the stream clear.
! I have been drawn into these observations con-
I trary to any purpose 1 had. Here is the measure
before us. If gentlemen choose to exhaust the
1 remainder of the session in useless amendments,
'■ the effect of which is to destroy the bill, if they
ihoose to exhaust the session in speeches made
! from time to time, let them not charge us with de-
! featin!? the appropriation bill. We are ready, for
] one 1 am ready, to pass upon it item by item,
j and then take up the appropriation bill and do
1 the same thing with respect to it.
