332
appendix to the congressional globe.
[March 1,
31st Cong 2d Sess. Rivers and Harbors—Mr. Davis of Mass. and Mr. Borland.
Senate.
In spc;iking of the West, as contradistinguished
from the East, it is in no sectional spirit, but it is
to insist upon equality between them in the advan-
tages which the legislative hand of this General
Government, this single representative of all the
sections, this common agent of all the States, may
legitimately and habitually dispense. In this spirit
let us compare, for a moment, the character and
importance of the Atlantic coast with the Missis-
sippi Valley. What is the extent of the Atlantic
coist5 F.f.een hundred miles, I believe, is the usual
esumite. No one, I apprehend, will claim more
than two thousand milts, measuring every legitimate
indentation from the Canada line to the mouth of
the Rio Grande. Now, what is the extent of the
coast of the Mississippi ? I mean of that river
margin, tliroug'.i the great valley, which sustains
a similar relation to com-tierce with that of the At-
lantic. I exclude the lakes and inquire what is
the extent of our coast through the Mississippi
Valley? I assume, and no well-informed man will
denv, that, counting only one side of the rivers,
there is an extent of coast not less than ten thou-
sand miles. But the Atlantic presents us with only
one margin. With us there are two as rightly to
be ca!led coasts, and considered such in all our
estimates, as the single one of the Atlantic. This
gives us, then, twenty thousand miles of coast. In
this aspect of the comparison, then, the West ex-
ceeds the East as ten to one.
Next, I inquire what is the relative amounts of
their commerce ? that is, what is the amount of
commerce which floats along the rivers which wash
this twenty thousand miles of coast in the West, as
compared with that which pertains to the two thou-
sand miles of the Atlantic coast ? It were difficult,
perhaps impossible, to make a statement of the
amount in either case with entire accuracy; nor to
the purpose of the comparison I propose is it at all
necessary. An approximation sufficiently near
the exact amounts to determine the preponderance
of the one over tlje other will answer our purpose.
In this general view, what is the amount of West-
ern commerce, exclusive of that of the lakes ?
that of the Atlantic as ten to one, but in the annual
amount of its commerce (which may be said to
Ifave begun but yesterday) it already exceeds the
East as two to one. These are facts which are
proper food for reflection. I hope our Eastern
brethren will reflect upon them.
In view of this vast preponderance (which is
rapidly increasing) of Western interests, have we
not a right to ask—is it too much to expect—an
equal share at least with the Eastern section, in these
appropriations for regulating commerce? So far,
instead of having received this equal share, I re-
peat we have received comparatively nothing.
But, sir, this inequality in favor of the East, and
against the West, has not been limited to appro-
priations for the improvement of rivers and har-
bors. There is another case, to which I will bare-
ly allude, in which it has been most glaring and
unjust. I mean the case of marine hospitals.
Prior to the year 1802 the term "American sea-
man" characterized those only who went actually
to sea, and of course was limited to the Atlantic
1 coast, alike as the tax which the laws imposed,
and the obligation of the Government to provide
for those seamen who became sick or disabled.
In that year, however, (1802,) an act was passed
which declared all persons navigating the western
waters, on boats of all kinds, and even on rafts,
to be "American seamen;" subjecting them to a
tax of twenty cents a month, or two dollars and
forty cents a year, to be deducted from their
monthly wages by the master of the boat or raft,
and pledging (by unavoidable implication) the ,
faith of the Government to appropriate the amount j
so collected in provision for these boatmen and
! raftsmen, when they should become sick or disa-
jl bled. What has been the operation of this law ?
j' Why, sir, the tax has been collected from that day |
'! to this—now nearly fifty years. During all this 1
time those hardy sons of toil, and exposure, and
danger, have, from their hard earning, regularly
;j paid this tribute into your public Treasury, until
! | now it amounts in the aggregate to many millions j
;! of dollars. What have you done for them in re- |
turn ? Through your tax collectors you have ta- ,
far back as 1847 reliable authority set it down at , ^ .
not less than three hundred and fifty millions of dol- \ ken this money from the pockets of these poor
lars per annum. Employed in this commerce there men; you have enforced their obedience to your
were at least one thousand steamboats, besides in- laws. What have you done with the money
numerable flat-boots, keel-boats, and rafts, requir- what evidence have you given of compliance with
ing in their navigation alone at least one hundred ; your part of the obligation ? I will tell you what
thousand persons. These important and interesting , you have done: For every hundred dollars you have
facts were brought to the attention of Congress by thus collected, you have paid back not more than
the late distinguished Senator from South Carolina,
[Mr Calhoun,] in his celebrated report upon the
memorial of the Memphis Convention.
Four years have elapsed since these estimates
were made; and we need not be told what ad-
vancement, what extension, what progress, what
improvement, what increase in population, what
accessions to business, and especially what vast
augmentation of all commercial operations take
place even in a single year in the West. It would
hardly be extravagant to say of these last—that
is, of the commercial operations—that they have
doubled within the last four years. But, to keep
within bounds, which no one will dispute, I do
_i a
not hesitate to say that this western commerce is ; there a dollar, through the hands of incompetent
now certainly not less than five hundred millions and irresponsible persons, until your pretence of
per annum. And, to make the estimate full and ' good faith has become a mockery._ It is no an-
complete for all the legitimate purposes of an en- ! swer to my complaints of this injustice, to say
lightened judgment, with a view to legislation, we i that all the money which the law requires has
must include the millions of human beings floating not been paid into the Treasury. If this be so,
with and superadded to this vast commerce, whose
comfort, whose safety, whose very lives are de-
pendent upon the circumstances and put at hazard ;
by the vicissitudes of this extended and often dan-
gerous navigation.
Compared with this, what now, I ask of Sena-
tors from the East, is the annual value of the com-
merce of the Atlantic coast? Will any one tell
me what it is? As in the other case, I will not un-
dertake to speak with precise accuracy, but I ap-
prehend the facts will warrant me in saying that it
does not exceed two hundred millions per annum.
To be liberal, however, and sure not to fall short
of full justice, I will add twenty-five per cent, to
the sum I have stated, and make it two hundred
and fifty millions per annum. No one, I appre-
hend, will claim more than that. I am very sure
the official documents wilj not sustain a higher
claim. Here, then, it is seen that, not only 1
does the coast of tlx# great western valley exceed
exact fidelity of those collectors or not; whether
you compel them to pay it into the Treasury or
not, as the law requires, the obligation rests with
equal weight upon you to pay back the full amount
in care and attention to the sick and disabled sea-
man, which you have authorized and required
your agents to exact of him. I am aware that
within a few years past some appropriations have
been made for hospitals, especially along the west-
ern rivers. But the amounts thus expended are
but thousands out of the millions which have been
collected.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. If the Senator
will allow me I will state, as I presume he desires
to be correct in this matter, that he will find, if he
will look into the returns of the various collectors
from the different collection districts up and down
the Mississippi river, that they have had at all
times authority to spend the money for the aid
and assistance of disabled seamen, and the returns
will show that that money has been expended in
that way.
Mr. BORLAND. I am well aware of what
the Senator from Massachusetts speaks. I have
taken occasion to look very thoroughly into that
very part of the subject. But what he says does
not meet my objection to this system. I know
very well that the Government does authorize
the expenditure by the collectors of the revenue,
in the several districts, of the money they receive;
and I know equally well that, in the aggregate of
collections and expenditures, there is, very nearly,
a balance of the one against the other. But, sir,
that does not meet my objection. I complain that
these returns of the district collectors, while,
doubtless, they do show the whole amount ex-
pended, ai:d may show the amount of collections
which came into their hands, yet they do not show
the amount actually collected or withheld from the
boatmen themselves. That this is so, must be
obvious to every one who will reflect that upon
the Western rivers alone, exclusive of the lakes,
there are more than one hundred thousand persona
subject to this tax of $2 40, yielding an aggregate
of more than $240,000 a year; and, comparing it
with the annual returns of the district collectors,
which will be found much below the average of
$100,000, what becomes of the balance—the sur-
plus of |140,000, over and above the amount of
the collector's returns? There is no question but
it is collected from—that is, retained out of the
wages of the seamen, boatmen, and raftsmen.
one; and paid it back in such a manner as, instead ! What becomes of it? That is the question I pro-
of doing the greatest, to accomplish the least j pound—that is the ground of my complaint. It
is a question which the Government is bound, in
good faith, to answer. For the past, it can an-
swer only by appropriating out of the Treasury
an amount approximating at least to the whole
amount it has authorized to be collected; and, for
the future, to require all that shall be collected un-
der the law to be faithfully and punctually paid
into the Treasury, to be then as faithfully and
punctually applied to the sole and sacred purposes
of its collection. To do justice we must do this,
or repeal the law.
But, sir, the particular application I propose to
make of this state of things is this : Unjust and
unfair as it is to all the subjects of this tax, it is
made still more unjust and unfair, as between the
East and the West. Great as is the disparity be-
tween the amount paid by the "seaman" and that
received back by him, in both sections, yet this dis-
parity is increased against the West; for, meager
as the returns show the collections and expendi-
tures to be on the Western rivers, the former ex-
, eeed the latter in amount—more is collected from
the West than is there expended. What becomes
of the balance ? I will tell you, sir. It goes to the
East—it is expended on the Atlantic coast; for on
this latter coast the returns show an excess of
expenditure over the collections. Here, then, is
an instance in which the West is actually and
directly taxed for the benefit of the East. I men-
tion it as a fact, not so important in itself as char-
acterizing the whole of our legislation, and indi-
cating a tendency in the public affairs which it is
now time to arrest.
One of the objections urged against this bill is
the aggregate amount of its appropriations. This
can never be a substantial objection to any bill,
because it goes not to its merits. But, supposing
it to be an objection, a simple explanation would
amount of good of which the money was capable.
Instead of adopting a regular system for adminis-
tering this important and sacred fund which by
your laws you are wringing from the very sweat
and blood of the laboring man, (under a promise
of returning it to him in the form of care and at-
tention in the hours of his sickness and disability,
to which the hazards and hardships of his life
make him so liable,) instead of adopting a regular
system of disbursements, by means of a sufficient
number of commodious and well-appointed hos-
pitals, you have doled it out, here a dollar and
whose fault is it ? The individual has to pay the
tax assessed on him. He cannot escape its pay- i
ment. You have made every master of a boat or
raft to this extent a collector, and you require him,
under heavy penalties—a fine of fifty dollars for
every omission to collect—no, not to collect, but
to retain out of every boatman's or raftsman's
monthly wages, the amount of this tax. It is not
a tax upon property, but a tax upon labor, which
no poverty can excuse, no ingenuity evade
the payment of. If the man is able to labor, he
is bound to pay, or rather he i3 bound to oubmit
to the withholding of so much of his hard-earned
wages, although he knows full well, from a long
and painful experience, that the promise of the
law that he will be cared for when he shall be sick
or disabled is worse than a dead letter—that it is a
miserable pretence. If your collectors do not pay
this money into the Treasury, it is your fault—
ave, your criminal neglect. And whether you
