1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
839
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Rivers and Harbors—Mr. Dawson.
Senate.
remove it. More than four years have elapsed since
any appropriations were made for any of these
purposes. As a consequence, especially upon the
Western rivers, much more is now required than
if the work of improvement had been going on
within that time.
Limiting my remarks to the Western rivers, and
speaking more particularly still of those^within
and touching my own State, I take occasion to say
that the plan of appropriations for their improve-
ment has heretofore been a mistake, mainly in the
amount appropriated at any one time, and to some
extent its administration. The amount has been
too small, and in that there was bad economy; for ,
it failed to accomplish the good intended. All i
who are acquainted with the character of the ob- \
structions to be removed, the principal, in many
instances the only ones, consisting of snags and [
sawyers, know very well that to perform the work I
of removal in part only is very little better than to
do nothing at all, owing to the natural and rapid
reaccumulation which takes place in consequence
of even a few remaining obstructions. But this
failure to do the work thoroughly has been una-
voidable on account of the small amount of the
appropriation. Out of it, however small, boats
ana machinery had to be purchased, or construct-
ed, and all the other preparations for a new and
troublesome work to be paid for. In many, if not
in most instances, these preliminary expenses
have consumed more than half the appropriation;
leaving a sum not adequate to more than half the
work Kir the whole of which it was intended, and i
expected to be sufficient. As soon, however, as
the fund was expended, the boats were withdrawn,
perhaps dismantled and sold, and all the other
preparations abandoned. One or two years would
then elapse before another appropriation could be
obtained, and when obtained, it would be too
small again, and a result equally unsuccessful with
the foregoing would again unavoidably follow; in
the mean time, the evus of an obstructed naviga-
tion have been increasing,.until they have become
intolerable; while to relieve us from them, to an
extent to be at all useful, will require a much
larger expenditure of money than has heretofore
been made, or probably required.
Now, the true mode of proceeding in this bus-
iness—the mode which will be at once most econom-
ical and useful, is to reduce it to a system—thatis,
the work to be done (the removal of obstructions
'in certain rivers, &c.,) having been agreed upon,
an estimate should be made, first, of the amount
of money necessary to procure the boats and ma-
chinery, and place them in position, and allother
preliminary expenses; second, of the amount ne-
to do the work itself thoroughly and
cessary _ .
completely. These amounts should then be made
in a single appropriation, exclusively for that par- j Here, sir, is a proposition to rev
ticular work. This would insure the execution : pnation bill which has been dead
of the work. But the system must not end here.
It must not only apply to the present, but extend
into the future; ana this necessity resultsfrom the
causes and character of the obstructions, which
can be easily removed, but are as easily repro-
duced. Besides the two items of appropriation,
then, which I have mentioned, and which together
may amount to a considerable sum, there should
follow them a regular annual appropriation, of a
comparatively small sum, to keep the river clear
of obstructions after it had once been made so.
For the Arkansas river, even in its present (and
I apprehend it has never been in a worse) condi-
tion, I think not more than (100,000 would be re-
quired to procure the boats, make all preliminary
arrangements, and clear out all obstructions from
its mouth to Fort Gibson, a distance ofaboutseven
hundred miles. And then an annual appropria-
tion of about $15,000 would be sufficient to keep
it clear by the employment of one good snag-boat.
Such as I have briefly suggested, in outline, is
the system which I think a due regard to propri-
ety, economy, and efficiency, calls loudly upon
Congress to adopt. My opinion in the matter
may never prevail. My hopes, in connection with
it, may never be realized. But I shall never
abandon the one, nor cease my exertions to at-
tain the object of the other. In the mean time, I
will not refuse to accept a partial good, because it
would gladly strike from it, while there are others
which I would as gladly increase in amount. But,
upon the whole, it is so much better than any
preceding bill for similar purposes, that, if I can-
not make it still better,I shall gladly receive it as ,
it is. It is far better than any preceding bill, es- j
pecially as relates to the Mississippi and its main !
tributaries; first, in the greater amount^appropri- [
a ted, and then in the separate appropriation for j
the boats. In these particulars it approximates i
very nearly to the system 1 have suggested; and :
although it does not indicate a regular annual ap- :
propriation for the future, it does appropriate what
I think will be sufficient to begin and continue the
work until the next Congress, when provision |
can, and doubtless will, be made for its comple-
tion. This having been done, I shall take hope
from what, even now, seems in this connection to
be the awakened spirit of practical justice in Con-
gress, and trust that the small regular annual ap-
propriations I have mentioned will not be with- j
In conclusion: I know that this bill is objected j
to upon the ground that it has been made up by j j
means of bargain and combinations. The authors
of the objection might have added " compromise," j
especially considering the familiarity which some [
of them have recently had with that convenient j
and powerful instrumentality. Being no party to !
any such bargains, combinations, or "compro-
mises," I know of none, and have neither the right
nor disposition to charge them upon others. !,
Looking to the interests of my State and people, j
and acting under a sense of duty, the influences j
which may have given existence to the bill
(though, if known, they might not be approved,
in the abstract) cannot control my judgment of its j
merits, or change the vote that judgment will com- |
pel me to give in its favor. I have nothing to do |
with the influences under which others may have !
given it their support, or others still shall do so. I 1
look to the bill itself. Although objectionable in
some features, I find it in the main suited to the j
interests and wishes of my constituents. These
constitute my motives. I leave other men to look J
after their own.
Mr. DAWSON. The friends of this measure
should not feel offended if those who are opposed
to it should say a few words, after the elaborate
speeches which have been delivered in its favor.
I, however, will say to the Senate, that 1 do not
desire unnecessarily to consume its time. I shall
give my views briefly. I know that the rallying
sound has been given to the friends of this bill. 1 '
know the watchword is " no amendment." Even
that which is bad is not to be stricken from the
bill; and of the propriety of that let the country
judge. . 1
Here, sir, is a proposition to revive tin appro- j
priation bill which has been dead in Congress ■
since 1844. And under what circumstances ?
What is your public debt ? The Secretary of the i
Treasury represented it to be $65,000,000 at the
beginning of this session; and there are other
debts, arising out of our acquisitions from Mexico
and the settlement of questions of boundary, which j
make our obligations not less than eighty millions
of dollars. Here, then, we have the question pre- j
sented, "whether a public debt is a public bless- [
ing" or a public curse? Upon this question dif-1
ferent opinions will arise. I am one of those who |
believe a public debt to be a public curse. Now, j
are we going to increase that public debt? Our
income is about $45,000,000, and our expenditures \
this year, according to estimates, will amount to
from #50,000,000 to #55,000,000. The expendi-
ture for the year is greater than the income. How
are you to supply the balance? By resorting to a
loan? Why, thereby you increase your public
debt! And will you, in such a condition of the
national finances, pass the bill before you, to make
improvements which are not general in their char-
acter, which are not regulated by surveys and
estimates, but the adoption of which simply de-
pends upon a combination of individuals from
different sections of the country, who thus seek to
effect local improvements at tne expense of the
National Treasury. Let the fact stand palpably re-
vealed to the country, that for local improvements
appropriations
tor from Kentucky and the arguments of the Sen-
ator from Arkansas are combined for such a pur-
pose, is it not time to look into the state of the
matter? The sum of two millions and a half is to
be appropriated; but where are the estimates upon
which the appropriations are based ? Do you so
treat the recognized claim of the aged and indigent
claimant? No, sir; just as his claim may be, an
estimate from a Department is deemed essential in
that case; but the North (vest and the West, and
the East can combine to appropriate two and a
half millions for works for which there are no es-
timates. Millions may be floated into the Atlan-
tic, limited by no judgment, controlled by no pru-
dence, directed by no propriety, guided by no
intelligence—appropriations can be made for local
purposes, and, in the language of the Senator from
Mississippi, for the purpose of improving private
proverty, whether it belongs to individuals or to
companies—but without an estimate you will not
weigh the claim of a decrepit suitor, although he is
clearly entitled to that for which he asks by the
unanimous judgment of the Senate. Now, I sub-
mit it to the prudence, to the wisdom, and to the
sense and propriety of this body whether we should
legislate in this way?
Waiving the constitutionality of this question,
waiving the grounds upon which parties have hith-
erto stood, where is there a man who would send a
hundred thousand dollars to be invested in public
lands, unless he sent an individual in whose judg-
ment he could rely to survey it? And yet Sena-
tors will send hundreds of thousands of the public
money afloat, without estimates and surreys, when
they have educated engineers kept at a vast ex-
pense, of whose services the Government may-
avail itself. It is time that we should consider.
Reflection becomes us, for the circumstances are
alarming. A measure dead since 1844 is to be
galvanized into being by a combination of power,
produced not upon principles of reason, nor upon
principles of propriety, but upon the principle of
interest, and no good is to be augmented, no evil
is to be diminished.
1 submit to the honor and honesty of the Con-
gress of the United States whether we should do
this? 1 am willing to go thus far with my friends
from Kentucky and Arkansas: I am willing to go
for appropriations for which there have been esti-
mates, upon this principle, that -whenever an
i estimate is made it is presumed to be for a natiom.1
purpose. I will then examine the estimates, and
; see whether in my judgment they are for proper
"objects. I do not believe there is a gentleman on
| this floor who will claim a power to send appro-
I priations up every stream. In my own State
thousands of dollars have been expended for the
improvementof the Savannah river above Augusta.
Augusta is a large city, with a population of seven-
teen thousand, and exports annually 175,000 bales
of cotton. But is there any propriety in asking for
money to improve the other rivers, so that we may
run up the Oekmulgee or the Columbia ? Would
II ask that the money of this Union should be ex-
pended for a work of improvement there ? I could
not call it a national work. And yet in this bill
there is an appropriation of something like #5,000
asked for for surveying the Mississippi river above
the Falls of St. Anthony, to ascertain whether it
can be rendered navigable higher up to Keokuck
and other places on the river. Sucn an appropn-
,1 ation is in this bill, and no man who belongs to
the Whig party ever sustained such a principle
i i before—not one, from the venerated head down to
j my humble self. Yet it is in this bill. And how
I did it get there ? Those who are suspicious in their
' nature—I am not much so—might suppose it was
' introduced to get certain votes for other appropri-
j ations, and against the Constitution, from both the
■ Whig and Democratic parties. But so it is; and
an appeal is made to the combined friends of the
bill to stand firm, now that you have the po«er,
i under the banner of internal improvements of rivers
1 and harbors. Sir, sha'l we establish a principle
by which you can go to the various springs from
: which the Mississippi starts ? )f you do, it will
be the precedent for unlimited appropriations.
What does the Senator from Arkansas mean when
he snys that the West has not had her share; that
she intends to have it; and, if it is not given, she
' will take it ? Does he mean that the Constitution
i of your country shall be made subservient to the
