1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
«35
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Rivers and Harbors—Mr. Cass.
Senate.
thereof easy and safe, should be defrayed out of the Trea -
ury of the United States; and further, that it be the duty of
the Secretary of the Treasury to provide by contracts, with
the approbation of the President, for rebuilding when neces-
sary and keeping in good repair the light-houses, beacons,
buoys, and public piers, in the several States, and for fur-
nishing them with supplies. Appropriations for similar
objects have been continued from that time to the present
without interruption or dispute. As anatural consequence
of the increase and extension of our foreign commerce,
ports of entry and delivery hare been multiplied and estab-
lished, not only upon our sea-board, but in the interior of ;
our country, upon our lakes and navigable rivers. The
convenience and safety of this commerce have led to the
gradual extension of these expenditures; to the erection of
fight houses, the placing, planting and sinking of buoys,
Beacons, and piers, and to the removal of partial and tem-
porary obstructions in our navigable rivers, and the harbofi
upon our great lakes, as well as on the sea-board."
I repeat, sir, this succinct exposition contains [
the principles of my opinions and action. 1 do not ,
pretend, nor did General Jackson, that no doubt
can arise in their practical application. That
would be a condition, not compatible with the. im-
perfection of human language. Uncertainty enters,
more or less, into all the departments of legislation,
and, perhaps, into none more inevitably, than the
great branches of public expenditure. Constitu-
tions cannot establish regulations, as rigid as a
mathematical problem, nor is there a solid wall of
masonry, to which the legislator can go in all cases,
and find himself warned, by coming in contact '
with it, that he is at the boundary of his authority, [
and can proceed no further. A liability to abuse ;
power is inseparable from the grant of it, and all
the cautious statesman can do is to prevent this, |
as far as possible, by fencing round the depos-,
itaries of authority with such checks and limita-
tions as, without destroying the object, maytend to
render its attainment the safer. General Jackson
endeavored to do this by adopting as a rule for-
himself, not to sanction appropriations for river
improvements, above the highest ports of entry..
He thus states, in the same message, his views
upon this branch of the subject:
" Although I have expressed to Congress my apprehen-
sion (hat these expenditures have sometimes been extrava-
gant and disproportionate to the advantages to be derived
from them, I have not felt it to be my duty to refuse my a -
seiU to bills containing them, and have contented myself to I
follow, in this respect, in the footsteps of all my predeces-
sors. Sensible, however, from experience and observation,
of tho great abuse to which the unrestricted exercise of this
authority by Congress was exposed, I have prescribed a
limitation for the government of my own conduct, by which
expenditures of this character are confined to places below
the ports of entry or delivery established by law. I am
very sensible, that this restriction is not as satisfactory as
eould be desired, and that much embarrassment may be
caused to the Executive Department in its execution, by
appropriations for remote and not well understood objects.
But as neither my own reflections nor the lights I may
properly derive from other sources, have supplied me with
a.better, I shall continue to apply my best exertions to a
faithful application of the rules, upon which it is founded." !
It will be seen that the limitation he lays down |
is not a constitutional one, but was adopted for .
his own personal guidance, to guard the more cer-
tainly the public interest. j
Another eminentstatesman, lately in the midst of !
us, but whose brilliant career has recently termina-
ted in death, equally to the regret of his friends, who J
admired him, and of his country, whom he served,
with as pure a devotion as ever inspired a human
breast, and whose mighty intellect and spotless in-
tegrity none questioned or doubted, he, also, gave
us his views upon this general subject, and very j
elaborately, in his celebrated report on the memo-
rial of the Memphis Convention. He concedes
fully the right of harbor and river improvements, !
as that document shows, and a short extract from
it will put us in possession of his general senti-
ments. 1
" Having now shown that the power to raise money and ,
to appropriate and expend it is confined to carrying into ex- i
ecution the delegated powers, it remains to be considered ,
whether there is any power delegated to the Federal Govern- j
ment,the carrying of which into execution would authorize ]
appropriations" and expenditures for the improvement of the j
navigation of the Mississippi and its waters?" j
" But there is not the least probability," continues Mr. '
Calhoun, " that Congress will ever abandon the exercise of >
this power, (the power to improve rivers and harbors.) It ,
has not only the right, as has been shown, but it is its duty ;
to exercise it; a duty, under the Constitution, to the States ;
immediately interested, and which are. by one of its provis-
ions, are prohibited from adopting the only means by which :
they could themselves regulate their commerce with each
other." i
Mr. Calhoun also sought a practical limitation |
to this power to improve rivers, for with respect |
to harbors, he left it wholly to. legislative, discre- ]
tion; but he sought it, not in self-imposed restric-
tions, but in the Constitution itself, independent
of the power to regulate commerce, which, in my
opinion, is the only true foundation, as it is also
the only actual limitation, of this power. I shall
not enter into an examination of this State paper,
marked with the powerful characteristics of the
author; nor could I do so, without injustice, for it
is some years since 1 examined it with care. I
will only remark, that itdenied the power to Con-
gress to improve rivers, running through one
State, or running through or bounded by two
States, on the ground, that in the former case the
State itself is competent to improve them, without
any other action than its own; and in the latter
case, that two States interested may, with the sanc-
tion of Congress, enter into a convention for their
improvement. But that a river penetrating more
than two Sates cannot be improved by joint ac-
tion, as there are no means to obtain it under the
Constitution, and must be improved by the Gen-
eral Government. It is obvious, that this rule has
no relation to the size or importance of the river,
but to political considerations, wholly independent
of its magnitude or value. It places in the same
category the Connecticut and the Mississippi, while
it excludes other rivers vastly exceeding the former
in every utilitarian point of view, some of which
are among the greatest of our commercial arteries.
Without pursuing this view, however, I will con-
tent myself with remarking, that the error of this
construction seems to me to be this, that it assumes,
that the improvement of rivers must take place,
and that where it cannot be effected by the States
themselves, it may and must be done oy the Uni-
ted States. It strikes me, that such a view is irre-
concilable with the fundamental principles of our
Government. It would make the General Govern-
ment a kind of residuary legatee, having a. re-
versionary right to all power, not otherwise dis-
posed of. The reverse, I take it, is the true Mad
settled doctrine—that to the States and the people
belong all the powers, not granted by the Constitu-
tion. If a power is not found there, however
necessary it may be, it cannot ba assumed by Con-
gress. Were there no authority to declare war,
maintain an army, or to equip a navy, these
acts could not be done, whatever pressing emer-
gency might arise, till the necessary authority
were granted. I repeat, that it is some time since
I looked over this document with care, and I can
therefore only state the general impression, it left
upon my mind.
Now, sir, the honorahle Senator from South
Carolina [Mr. Butler] has l-eferred, rather tri-
umphantly, I thought, to the resolutions of the
Baltimore Convention, and seems to suppose, that
their faithful observance would prevent those of us,
who acknowledge their obligations, from voting
for any river or harbor hill. Mr. President, for
one, I see neither difficulty in the case, nor incon-
sistency in the course. This resolution, disavow-
ing the right to establish a general system of internal
improvements!—for that is the doctrine reproved—
was first presented to the Democratic party by that
able and incorruptible statesman, Silas Wright,
whose memory is embalmed in the heart of every
true Democrat. Well, sir, he, its acknowledged
father, held at the time he urged it, and continued
to hold till his lamented death, the same opinions
upon this subject, which are now sanctioned by
the Democratic party, and which authorize these
appropriations for certain national objects. Can
a douDt rest upon the mind of any man, fairly
disposed, respecting the construction he put upon
his own declaration? What he meant, and what
the Democratic party mean to repudiate, is the
power to spread a great system of public works
through the whole country, embracing roads, ca-
nals, rivers and harbors, and ponds, too, for aught
I know—a system by which the Union was to be
covered with roads and canals, as by a net-work,
and whose consequences, as well financially, in the
enormous expenditure it would entail, aa morally
and politically, by the corruptions it would lead
to, no man can seriously contemplate without
alarm. Why, sir, a fact which has just been sta-
ted by an honorable member, [Mr. Downs,] that
at the time of the Maysville veto, there were prop-
ositions before committees of Congress for lines of
roads to the amount of (106,000,000, as I under-
stood him, for. I h#r«,oot time to refar to thft doo-
uments, places in a striking light the dangers we
ifrere exposed to, and from which we escaped by
the firmness and wisdom of Andrew JacksoB;
and by the adherence of the Democratic party
to the principles of this great act, we are yet
safe from this peril. They have taken roads and
canals from the grasp of the General Govern-
ment, and all the rivers, except a few, which can
be considered national in their character, by the
contributions they furnish to the commerce of the
country. A great system of internal improve-
ments is exploded, and the powers of the Govern-
ment are confined within their legitimate bound-
aries, the right to regulate commerce, and to
improve natural reservoirs, and some of the prin-
cipal natural avenues of communication.
Look, sir, at the votes in theSenatein 1847, the
last time a bill upon this subject passed, and but
a year before the meeting of the Baltimore Con-
vention. You will find, that on a test vote, so an-
nounced by the mover, Mr. Bagby, to strike out
the sum of $156,000 for the improvement of the
Ohio river below the falls, there were 39 nays, and
but 6 yeas. My name is recorded among the
former; and a far greater one than mine is there,
too—the name of Calhoun.
With respect to harbor improvements upon the
great lakes, in which my constituents feel a deep
interest, I may be permitted, I trust, to make a
few remarks. It is the exercise of a power essen-
tial to the prosperity of the country, and necessary
to prevent a prodigal waste of human life. When I
first removed to that region, there was but one nat-
ural harbor free from a bar between, the mouth of
the Detroit river and Black Rock, the whole extent
of Lake Erie, and that was at Put-in-Bay Island.
How this great defect was to be remedied was a sub-
ject of anxious inquiry, for almost every day
demonstrated, both the danger and the difficulty
of the navigation. I have never been exposed
to more peril, than at Cleveland, where I was
driven ashore, and narrowly escaped with my
life, the mouth of the river being entirely closed.
At length the plan of building piers was suggested
and adopted, by which the current of the rivers,
being confined within narrow limits, they were
thus enabled, when high, to sweep away the bars,
and so to create and preserve navigable channels.
Experience soon came in aid of the system, and
it is now found effectual for its object. It must ba
recollected, that storms arise violently and suddenly
upon those great fresh-water seas; and as there is
not sea room, as sailors say, to work a vessel off,
she must often perish with cargo, and crew, unless
there is a harbor near, in which she can take ref-
uge. And these circumstances render a greater
number of ports necessary, than would otherwise
he required. But as it is, and with all the im-
provements, which have taken place, the statistics
of the lake commerce for 1850 exhibit a most la-
mentable loss, of life and property, as the follow-
ing abstract will show:
Loss of life 395
Loss of property (658,000
Number of vesselslost 39
The value of the property and number of per-
sons running this risk are stated as follows:
Value of the commerce* t. .(191,000,000
Passengers. 355,000
American tonnage 167,000
Here, air, is an exhibit of danger great enough
to awaken the solicitude and to command the act-
ive attention of the most careless Legislature. I
can never surrender a principle, which enables the
Government to discharge a sacred duty, dear to sll
my constituents; and I should faithlessly discharge
my obligations to them, (and those obligations are
many and great,) if I did not use all my efforts to
have this trust fulfilled by the General Govern-
ment, so far as I can consistently with the Consti-
tution and the true principles of sound legislation.
Harbors of commerce and of refugeare not only
necessary, but harbors are also indispensable for
the purposes of war. A fact that occurred in 1813
should teach us to be provident in season. The
fleet, commanded by Commodore Perry, which
gained the most glorious naval battle recorded in
our annals, was constructed at Erie, in Pennsyl-
vania. At that time the waters of the Lake were
low, and the bar at the mouth of the harbor could
not be passed, without lighting the vessels. The
British fleet was off tha shore, blockading ours.
