Ie5l.)
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
341
31st Cong 2d Sess. Rivers and Harbors—Messrs. Borland, Clemens, Foote, Badger, Sfc.
Senate.
make the necessary improvements within it. Every
river which bears the wealth of millions and is of
real national importance, will be able, without j
charge upon the general Treasury, to make all the :
improvements required upon it; but those which .
rest purely upon political combinations, those
■which are granted merely for political purposes,
would fall before the requirement that the duty
should be levied from the people who are to be ,
benefited by the measure. If the veto of the bill '
®f 1846 was Democratic then, if it was right, if
it was sound in principle, then I ask, can the
Democratic party adopt this bill ? About forty-
five of the items vetoed in the bill of 1846 are
found in this. The principle is exactly the same,
the errors being more gross and the inequality
greater.
It is not to be expected that those who choose to
risk their fortunes in the first settlement of a coun-
try, will find harbors and rivers improved, naviga-
tion and commerce at their doors. They must
wait until time has developed the resources of the
country. They must wait until commerce is able
to bear the burden. They reap other advantages
•of being pioneers in anew country; and they could
not expect to possess all. When the commerce is
sufficient to support it, when the population is
sufficient to execute it, then the improvement
comes as a matter of course. Till then, let us
wait. And as to the indignation which is to be
created by refusing to make Such an appropria-
tion, I, as an individual, am quite willing to meet
my shareofthe responsibility; as aDemocrat, am '
quite willing to risk the party upon it—the party
with which my hopes are associated. I trust that
they will not be foundered by the gale which will
follow the rejection of this bill. And if they are,
I, for one, am willing to put" the ship into such
harbors of refuge as the ingenuity of members have
been constructing. Aye, let the ship go down
with our principles nailed to the mast. I hope she
will yet preserve sufficient strength in her timbers
again to float when the storm has passed away,
her principles flying at her masthead, dearer for ,
the storm by which they had been beaten. I pre-
fer defeat to the triumph of expediency at the ex-
pense of principle. It is fair to infer, that if meas-
ures are put into a bill of which nobody has any
knowledge, save that they are gratifying to certain
sections of the country, that they were put there (
to command votes. This being the basis of our
legislation, I ask what guide have we?
If I have wearied the Senate by adding to the
already protracted discussion, it has been the re-
sult of a conviction that great and remote conse-
quences depend on our present action. My
opinions have been deliberately formed, and that
they are not of to-day or yesterday, has been
shown by the extracts I have read from remarks
made by me some years since, when I was a mem-
ber of the other House of Congress. As a matter
<)f duty to those whom I represent, and to the
Constitution which I have sworn to maintain, I
have presented the main grounds of my opposition,
and in consideration of the little time which re-
mains of this session, and the important business
yet to be transacted, I have endeavored to comply
with the anxiety of Senators by making my argu-
ment as brief as was consistent with being under-
stood. If, contrary to my views of public interest
and wise policy, this bill shall become a law, if in
a period of profound peace and general prosperity,
with a revenue exceeding that of any previous
time, we shall, instead of extinguishing the lia-
bilities incurred in the Mexiean war, commence
the foundation of a permanent debt, I ask gentle-
men whose vision extends to the future, do not ,
they see in the distance the coming of an indigna-
tion higher, and juster, and more enduring than
that which they have foretold as the consequence
of the failure of this bill ? I appeal to my Demo- i
cratic friends, they to whom the triumph inured ,
when under the Administration of President Jack-
son the revolutionary debt was finally extinguished,
and ask, are they willing to commence the forma-
tion of a national debt under circumstances which
preclude the idea of its ever being paid, unless it ;
be by special taxation.' Are they prepared to avow
that a national debt is a national blessing, or that
the will of a majority of Congress is the measure
of the'powers of1 the General Government ? If I
make the appeal here in vain I trust it will be .
heard by the masses who bear the burden of tax-
ation.
The Senate then took a recess until six o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at six o'clock, and re-
sumed the consideration of the river and harbor
bill, the question pending being the amendment
offered by Mr. Clemens in the morning.
Mr. BORLAND. I do not intend to make a
speech. I assure the Senate that they need not
be under any apprehension on that score; but I do
want to say a very few words, and I wish to say
them for two reasons. One is, I wish to reply to
a remark of the Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Daw-
son,] in which he seemed to pay me the compli-
ment of attaching some importance to the remarks
I had submitted to the Senate. He dwelt at con-
siderable length upon the gross impropriety of
taking any measure which contained a feature
which might not meet his approbation.
Mr. CLEMENS. I rise to a point of order.
There is an amendment now pending to limit the
appropriation for the Tennessee river, between
-the points of Chattanooga, Tennessee, and Deca-
tur, Alabama, and I submit that a discussion upon
the merits of the bill is out of order while such an
amendment is pending.
The PRESIDENT. The question of order
having been raised by the Senator from Alabama,
the Chair has no hesitation in saying that a dis-
cussion on the general merits of the bill, when a
single point only is involved in the amendment
under consideration, would not be in order, though
to-day Senators have taken a somewhat wide lati-
tude, and discussed the general subject of internal
improvements.
Mr. FOOTE. I would suggest that the friends
of the bill ought to be allowed to consume as
much time as they choose in this discussion.
Mr. BORLAND. Do I understand the decis-
ion of the Chair to be that the course of remark in
which I was indulging was out of order?
The PRESIDENT. The Chair was not par-
ticularly attending to the course of remark of the
Senator. The Senator from Alabama made the
point of order that the Senator from Arkansas
was not discussing the amendment, but was en-
tering on the general merits of the bill, on the
whole subject of internal improvements. This
the Chair decided to be out of order.
Mr. BORLAND. I did not intend to go into a
discussion of the system of internal improvements.
I simply intended to reply in a very few words,
which I would have ended by this time, to the re-
marks made in the discussion to-day.
; Mr. CLEMENS. That discussion was out of
J order, and, if no one saw properto make the point
; of order then, I cannot help it; but 1 makeit now.
Discussion must be confined to the merits of this
amendment.
Mr. BADGER. I rise to another point of or-
der. I think the Senetor from Arkansas has al-
ready spoken twice on this amendment; if so, he
cannot speak on it again. I am verry sorry to
: raise this point, because he and I are on the same
side on this great question.
Mr. BORLAND. If I had been permitted to
; go on, 1 should have been through by this time.
Mr. BADGER. I must make the point of or-
i der that the Senator has spoken twice on this
amendment. There are sixty-two Senators, and,
if each should speak twice, we would have one
hundred and twenty-four speeches.
Mr. DICKINSON. I think the Senator from
North Carolina is clearly wrong in his point of
order. The rule is, that a Senator shall not speak
more than twice on the same day. This is an
' evening session, and of course it has no applica-
tion. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDENT. If the Senator from North
Carolina perseveres in his point of order, the Sen-
ator cannot proceed.
Mr. BADGER. Oh, I withdraw it.
j Mr. BORLAND. Then I have verv little to
say in response to the positions which have been
i Mr. CLEMENS. I insist on my point of or-
der.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair has decided the
' point of order. The Senator from Alabama must
I wait and ascertain whether the remarks of the
Senator are applied to his amendment or not. The
Chair has already decided that a general discus-
sion on the bill, or on the general subject of in-
ternal improvements, would not be in order, but
that Senators must discuss the merits "of the
amendment.
Mr. CLEMENS. If the Senator will confine
himself within that line, I shall have no objection.
Mr. BERRIEN. 1 wish to make a remark on.
the point of order. I question the propriety of the
decision of the Chair as to what is or what is not
in order before disorder has been committed. The
Senator from Alabama, in - my judgment, is him-
self out of order in calling the Senator from Arkan-
sas to order before he had committed disorder.
Mr. FOOTE. I wish to reply to the Senator
from Georgia.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Arkan-
sas is entitled to the floor.
Mr. FOOTE. I suppose I have a right to reply
to the Senatar from Georgia on the point of order.
I meant merely to say that, in my opinion, the
honorable Senator from Alabama was perfectly in
order in calling the Senator from Arkansas to or-
der. If the honorable Senator from Georgia had
heard the remarks of the Senator from Arkansas,
he would have been satisfied that he was about to
proceed to reply to the remarks of his colleague,
[Mr. Dawson,] which were remarks that did per-
tain to the general merits of the bill.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will be under
the necessity of arresting this course of speaking.
The 6th rule is:
" When a member shall be called to order by the Presi-
dent, or a Senator, he shall sit down; and every question
of order shall be decided by the President, without debate,
subject to an appeal to the Senate; and the President may
call for the sense of the Senate on any question of order."
The Chair may decline deciding a question of
order and may leave it to the Senate to decide. But
when he does decide, it is no longer open to ani-
madversion, unless an appeal be taken,
j Mr. BORLAND. If the Senator from Alabama
had listened to me he would have found that my
remarks would have been in order. I was about
to reply to the Senator from Georgia, who had
spoken upon the amendment offered by the Sena-
, tor from Alabama, and characterized that which
it was proposed to amend as something very ob-
jectionable in the bill. It was to that I intended
to reply. He said that feature in the bill, which
i the Senator from Alabama proposed to amend,
was exceedingly objectionable, and so objection-
! able that it would prevent him from voting for the
whole bill, however much he might desire its pas-
i sage.
Mr. DAWSON. With the permission of the
Senator from Arkansas, I will state that he is mis-
taken in supposing that I said anything of the
sort. It was the appropriation for the survey of
' the Mississippi above St. Anthony's falls which I
said was so objectionable. I did not refer to this
; amendment at all.
j Mr. BORLAND. I am afraid that I have been
interrupted so often, and so much time has been
consumed by these interruptions, that I shall not
get through for some time, if I am not allowed to
proceed uninterrupted. Upon the point, that that,
being objectionable, vitiated the whole measure,
and ought to prevent its passage, I desire to say
that that position is one which the Senator from
Georgia cannot fairly assume on this occasion.
Mr. CLEMENS. That is the very point at
which I called the Senator to order before. The
i amendment is to restrict the appropriation for th«
j Tennessee river between particular points. The
Senator from Georgia misunderstood me very
greatly when he said I was out of order when 1
called the Senator from Arkansas to order, or has
, misinterpreted me very greatly; and I take occa-
sion to say, that in the remarks which he made,
he has taken a liberty which no man is warranted
in taking with me.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator raise a
question of order?
Mt. CLEMENS. I do.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Arkan-
. sas being again called to order, the Chair must re-
peat his decision. The rule is positive that when
a Senator is called to order he must take his seat
until the Presiding Officer decides the question, if
he does decide it; out the Senate may appeal from
. his decision. He will repeat now that the Senator
