342
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 1,
31st Cong.....2d Sess. Rivers and Harbors—Messrs. Foote, Borland, Cass, Clemens, fyc.
Senate.
from Arkansas must confine himself to the discus- |
sion of the question before the Senate—the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Alabama, which 1
is to confine the appropriation for the Tennessee
river between Chattanooga, Tennessee, and De-
catur, Alabama. !
Mr. FOOTE. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Arkan-
sas is entitled to the floor.
Mr. FOOTE. I wish to speak on the point of
order, and therefore I take an appeal lVom the de-
cision of the Chair. Nothing is clearer to my
mind than that the Senator from Arkansas, in un-
dertaking to reply, as he did just now, to the Sen-
ator from Georgia, stating as he did that he was
replying to the allegation of the Senator from
Georgia, to wit, that a certain feature of tins
measure being in itself ol-jectionable, the whole
measure was objectionable, necessarily intended
to apply his remarks to the whole measure, and
therefore was speaking on the general merits of
the bill. Thus having made the remark which |
I wished to make, rather in support of the decision |
of theChairthan againstit, I withdraw the appeal.
Mr. BORLAND. I have endeavored to keep
myself in order, and I have but followed in the
course of remarks pursued by others, but if it be
the decision that such remarks are out of order, I
will submit most cheerfully. Such being the case, '
I will not press my remarks now, but will reserve
them until the bill comes up on its general merits,
being unwilling, as one of its friends, to allow its
enemies to defeat it through me.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will take occa-
sion to state that, in his own opinion, the debate
took a very wide range. The Presiding Officer, to- n
gether with the Speaker of the House, were under |!
the necessity of attending to business in relation
to the contract for printing. Hence the Presiding-
Officer was not in his seat. If lie had been, in ail
probability he would not have called Senators to '
order, because he dislikes very much to interrupt '
them, and is willing always to allow a latitude to '
dabate. ■
Mr. CASS. I do not understand the topog-
raphy of the part of the country very well to
which this is to apply. I would inquire whether,
without this amendment, the improvement would
benefit the navigation of the river ? 1
Mr. CLEMENS. We cannot tell where it 1
would go without this limitation. Unless we affix
(his there is no limitatien in the bill. i
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and there were:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Berrien, Borland, Bradbury,
Bright, Butler, Cass, Ciarke, Clemens, Davis of Missis-
sippi, Dawson, Dickinson, Downs, Foote, Gwin, Hamlin,
Hunter, King, Mason, Morton, Norris, Rhett, Rusk, Stur-
geon, Turney, Whitcoinb, and Yulro—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Chase, Clay,
Cooper, Davis of Massachusetts, Davton, Dodge of "Wis- '
consin, Dorize of Iowa, Ewin^, Felrh, Greene, Jones, ,
Manguin, Miller, Pratt, Rantoul, Sebastian, Seward, .
Shields, Snnth, and Wales—-23.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BORLAND. Now that the amendment
has been disposed of, I presume it will be in order '
to speak upon the general features of the bill.
The PRESIDENT. Certainly.
Mr. BORLAND. As, then,I can now proceed
in order, I will occupy the time of the Senate for a
few moments—a very few, I assure them.
And first, a few words to the Senator from Geor- 1
gia, [Mr. Dawson.] I understood him to assume
the position that when a bill was presented to the
Senate, if it was found to contain one or more ob-
'jectionable features it must be rejected, no matter
now wise and proper it might be in other respects.
Mr. DAWSON. The Senator will allow me
to state my position correctly. I said that the
declaration that gentlemen would pass-this bill,
although it had objectionable features, without
amendment, was objectionable; it was not good
legislation; that the body ought to strike out that
which was bad and put in that which was good,
which anybody might propose. That is the posi-
tion I occupy.
Mr. BORLAND. I do not think I either misun- <
derstood or misstated the position of the honorable 1
Senator. His postion was substantially, and is,
as he now states it, that one or more objectionable
features in a bill, otherwise good, if it could not
be amended, constituted proper ground for its re- , i
I jection. Now, to that I say that it does not fairly [
lie in the mouth of that Senator to assert that po- j
sition, nor become liitn at this day to urge such an
argument. We all well remember that, upon this
floor, within a twelvemonth past, his position and
his argument were the very opposite of this. I
refer to his course upon the well-known measure,
or batch of measutes, called indifferently "the
omnibus," " the adjustment," "the compromise,"
of last year. Sir, we all remember how earnestly
and zealously he sustained that. Y et, were there no
objectionable features in that? Did not the Sena-
tor himself, and nearly all who advocated that no-
table scheme, admit that it contained seriously ob-
jectionable features? Indeed he did, sir. I think 1
they all did. How does such a course as that
square with the position which he now assumes?
But he did not stop at a single advocacy of the
measures alluded to; he did not merely say that,
while he regretted their bad features, he was com-
pelled to vote^or them because of the preponder-
ating good he found in their provisions. No, sir;
he went further than that; he actually refused to
make amendments—refused to aid in getting clear
of the objectionable features, and insisted that he
would, and all the rest must, swallow the whole—
the bad with the good. Now, Mr. President,
much as the honorable Senator complains of the
friends of the present bill, none of us that [ know
of—certainly not I—have gone so far as that. On
the contrary, we not only admit the existence of •
defects in the bill—the presence, even the promi-
nence of objectionable features; but I certainly,
and I doubt not many others, are willing, desi-
rous, and anxious to remedy those defects—to get ;
clear of those objectionable features—to perfect j!
the bill, as far as we can, by suitable amendments, |'
before we have to vote upon its final passage. If
we succeed in this, I shall be gratified. But if we
fail, if we cannot make the bill any better than it
now is, I do not hesitate to repeat, what I said this
morning, that rather than lose its manifest and
manifold advantages, I will vote for it as it is.
Until the Senator from Georgia can say as much
of his course upon the " compromise," I think,
instead of arraigning the conduct of others, he*
may be profitably employed in looking after his
own justification.
I next turn foramomentto my honorable friend
from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis,] who, in the course |
of his remarks this morning, in a very summary ,
manner, read myself, and those Democrats who >
acted with me on this occasion, out of the Demo-
cratic party. He undertook to lay down the Dem-
ocratic platform, upon which he planted himself ,
in regard to this measure; and the inference was '
very natural that those who did not stand upon it
with him were out of the party. '
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. My friend from 1
Arkansas will permit me to say that I did not pre-
tend to lay down the platform; but merely to state
my understanding of it, as it existed before my
time. Nor did I presume to read anybody out of
the party. I shall do pretty well to keep in my-
self.
Mr. BORLAND. I acquit the Senator of all
intention to read me out. Yet, following so close
upon what I had said in the morning, the effect of '
his remarks (and what he says is never without
influence) could hardly fail to impress those who
heard or may read them with the same interpreta-
tion I have suggested. I deemed a passing notice
of them, therefore, to be due to myself. It will
be recollected that my friend, in alluding to the
congratulation offered to the Whig party by the ,
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Clay,] upon the '
liberal spirit, on this occasion, manifested by some
of the Democrats, interpreted that congratulation
to mean that those of ks who favor this bill had
gone over to the Whigs; and he retorted, by con- j
gratulating the Democratic party upon the com-
pensation they had received in the person of the
Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Dawson.] Now, if
this means anything, (and my friend never speaks
without a meaning,) it is, that while those Whigs
who oppose this bill have come over to the Demo-
cratic party, those Democrats who favor it have
gone over to the Whig party.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Policy, not party.
Mr. BORLAND. The difference is not here
material. ;
Now, I claim to be a Democrat. I have never i.
been otherwise, and I have some pride in holding-
myself to be consistent in my creed. I claim,
moreover, to be one of the strictest sect; and I am
not alone in this opinion of myself. Not only do
the Democrats of my own State so consider me,
(and that they do I have good evidence,) but my
political opponents there regard me as so extreme
in my opinions that they cannot be induced to vote
for me on any account. But, sir, I claim to be
not only a Democrat, and especially so in my pres-
ent position of support to this bill, but to be also
in Democratic company—the very highest and best
Democratic company. That this is so, I appeal to
the record. For proof of it I beg the Senate to
refer, with me, for a moment, to the legislative an-
nals of this body for a few years back. I turn to
the Congressional Globe of March 3,1847. Among
the proceedings of the Senate of that day I find
the following:
In Senate, March 3, 1847—River and Harbor Bill.
Mr. Davis moved that the Senate proceed to consider the
bill making appropriations for the improvement of certain
rivers and harbors.
Mr. I), explained that it was a bill from the House appro-
priating about .5600,001) for the improvement of rivers in tUe
and for certain harbors.
>Ii. Bapby understood the object of the bill. But he
hopod it would not b« taken up, as it would lead to a discus-
sion which would consume so much time as would preju-
dice other bills of greater importance.
Mr. I)a\ is replied j that whether there was any discussion
would depend on the Senator from Alabama and his fuends.
Ife (Mr. D.) did not intend to discuss it.
Mr. Bagby said he would oppose the bill item by item.
Mr. Dxx stated that ho had introduced this bill. He had
no doubt of the constitutionality of the appropriations for
the objects which were specified, and he hoped the bill
would be passed.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the motion to take upi
the bill, and the question being taken, it was decided as ioi-
lows:
Yeas—Messrs. Allen, Ashly, Atchison, Badger, Breese,
Cameron, Ca-s, Cilk*v, John M. Clayton, Corwin, Critten-
den, Davis, Dickinson, Dix, Evans, Greene, Ilannogan*
Houston, Huntington, Jam agin, Johnson of Maryland,
Johnson of Louisiana, Manyum, Miller, Morehend, TVilea,
Pearcc, Simmons, Soule, Upham, Webster, and Wood-
brid^—32.
Nays—Messrs. Bagby, Benton, Bright, Butler, Cal-
houn, Chalmers, Mason, Turney, and Yulee—9.
The bill was then taken up m Committee of the Whole.
Mr. Bagby would not delay the business of the Senate
by opposing the bill item by item, as he had promised, and
would simply contenthimself with moving, as a test ques-
tion, to strike out the appropriation of $150,000 for the im-
provement of the river below the falls at Louisville; and
on that question he should ask the yeas and nays without
furthei remark.
The question was taken, and decided in the negative, as
follows:
Yeas—Messrs. Bagby, Butler, Mason, Niles, Turney,
and Yulee—G.
Nays—Messrs. Allen, Ashly, Atchison, Badger, Benton,
Breese, Bright,Calhoun, Cameron, Cass, Chalmers, Cillcy,
John M. Clayton, Corwin, Crittenden, Dickinson, Dix,
Evans, Fairfield, Greene, Hannegan, Houston, Huntington,
Jamagin, Johnson of Maryland, Johnson of Louisiana,
Mangmn, Miller, Morchead, Pearce, Phelps, Rusk, Sim-
mons, Soule, Sturgeon, Upham, Webster, Westcott, and
Woodbridge—38.
The bill was then read a third time and passed.
Thus, upon the question (which was understood
to be a test) there stood for it twenty Democrats,
and eighteen Whigs, and only six Democrat*
against it.
Now, what "was the question tested by this vote?
Why, sir, the one which is now before us—the
constitutional power of this Government to im-
prove our rivers and harbors, leaving the exercise
of that power to the sound discretion of Congress.
That was the question. And, as we have seen,
it was answered in the affirmative, emphatically
answered in the affirmative, by a Democratic Sen-
ate; and that, too, by a vote as nearly unanimous
as it is easy to find upon any mooted question of
like importance. And among the twenty Demo-
crats who then affirmed this power, and the pro-
priety of its exercise, there stand out in bold re-
lief the name of the distinguished Senator from
Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] our Democratic leader in-
1848, and that of the late illustrious Senator from
South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoitn,] everywhere rec-
ognized as the leader par excellence of those who
give a strict construction to the Constitution. If,
then, I have left the Democratic platform, I have
done so in company with the leader who was giv-
en us by the Baltimore Convention in 1848, and
that, too, after he had given the vote I have cited.
And if I have departed from a strict construction
of the Constitution, I have done so in company
with him whom we all regarded as the very imper-
sonation of strict construction. But, sir, I insist
