1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
343
31st Cong 2d Sess. Rivers and Harbors—Mr. Davis of Miss., Mr. Borland, fyc.
Senate.
that neither of us has left the platform; that neither
of us has stretched the provisions of the Constitu-
tion one inch beyond its true meaning and legiti-
mate purpose. In ray present posit .oil, then, I
claim to occupy the true and well-established
platform of the Democratic party, aa known and
fromulgated before my time—certainly long before
had the honor of a seat within this Chamber.
Nor, Mr. President, do I assume this position,
or make an avowal of these views now for the first
time. Ever since I have taken a part in the poli-
tics of the country I have occupied substantially
the same position, and made public my opinions
on more than one occasion. I understood the
Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Davis] this morn-
ing to read from some of his own remarks in the
Senate on a former occasion to show what his
views had heretofore been.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I read from some
remarks I had made in the House of Representa-
tives on a bill similar to this; and I read further
from the veto message of President Polk. I read
nothing else.
Mr. BORLAND. I intended merely to allude
to the fact that the Senator had read from remarks
of his own on a former occasion to vindicate the
consistency of his present with his former posi-
tion, and to say that, for a similar purpose, in
regard to myself, I should follow his example.
In 1648, very soon after I first took my seat, by
an Executive appointment, in the Senate, I intro-
duced a bill which I considered of great importance
to my State. I allude to the bill granting the
swCnp lands, for the purpose of their reclamation,
which, I am happy to say, has since become a law.
At first a few of my constituents, whose minds
were more acute than discriminating, questioned
the propriety of what I had proposed in-this regard,
upon the ground of its want of constitutionality.
For the purpose of satisfying alt that I had not
departed from the true constitutional Democratic
platform, I addressed a letter to one of my friends,
which was published in pamphlet form and circu-
lated all over my State. From that letter I propose
to read a short passage on the power of this Gov-
ernment over the subject of internal improvements;
from which it will be seen that I entertained the
same views and occupied the same position then
as now. The views then expressed were approved
by the people of my State. A consideration of
them entered largely into the canvass which re-
sulted in my election to a seat in this body by the
votes of every Democrat in the Legislature, except
of some two or three personal enemies. Indeed,
my enemies said I had made capital out of it. At
any rate, it was universally there considered good
Democracy—so good, indeed, that in a Legislature
three fourths of whom were Democrats it con-
tributed materially to my election, even if it did
not determine it. But to the passage in question.
Speaking of the power to make internal improve-
ments, I said:
" But, as a measure of propriety, this direct agency of the
General Government in works of improvement within a
State, even when the c(institutional povrer is undisputed,
has many opponents—myself among them—and for the fol-
lowing reasons: With all statesmen who set any value upon
the rights and independence of the several States, and de-
sire to restrict the General Government within the safe and
salutary bounds designed for it at the time of its creation,
it is very important and desirable to avoid, as much as pos-
sible, any immediate contact between tbe General Govern-
ment and the individual citizen, and, as far as practicable,
let the people know and feel their relations to the General
Government only through the medium of the State govern-
ments. This has ever been held to be the true doctrine of
republicanism. The extension of our territory and the prog-
ress of our institutions give daily increase to the value of
this doctrine—prove, indeed, the necessity of maintaining
it- Except, therefore, in cases whereindividual enterprise,
or State authority, or a combination of the two, is wholly in-
competent to accomplish a public work, (on account of its
extent,) bat which is yet necessary to the public good, the
direct agency of tbe General Government should never be
invoked, nor"even permitted. Such works as I here except
are those involved in' our relation with foreign countries,
the establishment of our post office system, the construc-
tion of military highways, whether by land or water, and
tbe regulation of commerce among the States and with the I
Indian tribes.' When fairly considered, thdte embrace all j
that seems necessary and proper, and that may be deemed J
safe for the General Government to do, in the construction -
of public works, by which to be brought into immediate j
contact with the individual citizen, or allowed authority
within the limits of any one of the States. Within this [
exception, very properly and necessarily, come improve-
ments of the navigation of our great Western rivers, which
extend among and along several States—such as the Ohio |
and Mississippi riven; Sad of those even less extensive, ,
which lead to and are natural and proper channels of com-
munication with our military posts and national defences
—such as the White, the Arkansas, and the Red rivers.
With this exception, also, arc embraced the requisite routes
for the connection of our Atlantic and Pacific frontiers with
each other, and with our ' iuland seas.' I repeat, all such
works as those are within the constitutional, safe, and prop-
er power of the General Government; because they are ne-
cessary to the common defence and general good, are na-
tional in their character, and, on account of their magnitude
and extent, are beyond the reach of accomplishment by in-
dividual enterprise or the exercise of State authority."
Such were my views in 1848—such are my
views now; and in accordance with them I shall
give my vote on this occasion.
In conclusion, a word upon the remark of the
Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis,] which
characterized the power claimed for this Govern-
ment over works of this kind as a " vagrant
power." Alluding to the remarks of the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Ewing,] he said that Senator had
succeeded at last in "locatingthis vagrant power."
I am not disposed to detract from the credit which
may be awarded to any Senator. But with all
respect for the Senator from Ohio, (and I have
great respect for him,) I cannot agree that this
belongs to him, nor that a location of this power
has been made now for the first time. So far as I
am informed, it has always been mainly and sub-
stantially located in the clause of the Constitu-
tion, "To regulate commerce." But to go no fur-
ther back than 1847,1 may assert with confidence
that it was there located, and fixed upon a foun-
dation immovable by the late illustrious Senator
from South Carolina, (Mr. Calhoun,) in his cele-
brated report upon the memorial of the Memphis
Convention. There I have always considered its
"location" to be conceded, and to be; and there
I feel sure it will stand, until some hand as strong
as that of the giant who placed "it there shall re-
move the facts and arguments which composed its
adamantine foundation.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I am sorry my
friend from Arkansas should have found so much
objection to my remarks. As I stated to him, I
will repeat that I have no wish to charge him with
want of Democracy, or to read him out of the
Democratic party. I assume no such preroga-
tives. I will not detain the Senate by following
through all the remarks of the Senator from Ar-
kansas, but will confine myself to the last point.
The Senator quotes the authority of Mr. Cal-
houn. He quotes it in vain, quite in vain, for
such a bill as this. Though that distinguished
statesmen entertained opinions more latitudinous
than my own upon this particular subject, although
I never adopted his idea of an inland sea, and the
consequences of it, yet he never went to the extent
of approving such a bill as this; never. Nor, sir,
do I think uie power to make such improvements
has been located yet. I know how often it has
been attempted to refer it to the grant of power to
regulate commerce. What is it to regulate com-
merce? Is it to furnish the means of commerce?
If to improve rivers, if to make canals and roads
be to regulate commerce, you might with greater
propriety say that you will build ships, wagons,
and rail-cars as a part of the pawer to regulate
commerce. To regulate is to make rules, not to
furnish the means of commerce. It was a vagrant
power, located sometimes in one place and some-
times in another; formerly upon the expression
of " general welfare," recently upon the power to
regulate commerce, and the intercourse between
States. Sometimes confined to the army power,
sometimes to the power of maintaining a navy;
wandering in every direction, located nowhere.
The gentleman has not found it located. He can-
not locate it, because there is no ground upon
which it can stand. He may attempt to place it
here or there; it will stand nowhere. I referred
more playfully than seriously to the remark of
the Senator from Ohio, which he informed me was
not an argument designed to locate the power; but
assuming it was intended to allow that the inher-
ited prejudices of our countrymen had led them to
deny the power; a race of men who have grown
up under a Constitution of specific grants, and
whose fathers gave them a standard to measure
the power of the Government, he supposes to
have inherited prejudices against a certain power
from their insular ancestors. It was to that I was
replying. I did not believe the Senator from Ohio
entertained the idea that he was proving the exist-
ence of the power. I could not do so, because he
actually interrupted me to say that he was ad-
dressing himself to those who admitted the power,
and not to those who denied it. The Senator was
mistaken in my argument.
■ Mr. HUNTER. It must be obvious that this
I bill is to lead to a great deal more discussion, and
i I rise once more to ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate to permit it to be laid aside for the
present in order to take up the civil and diplo-
matic appropriation bill, and when that is dis-
posed of this can be again taken up.
Mr. CLAY. 1 object.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to propose an amend-
ment to the bill. 1 move to strike out the follow-
ing words:
j " For the Illinois and Tennessee rivers, $50,000 cact^'
; Mr. SHIELDS. I ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. BELL. The honorable Senator said to-
day that he would make a motion to strike out
the Tennessee river because there was no survey
i of it. I would inquire if the Senator means to
j move to strike out the appropriation for the river
! Mississippi ? And if he does not, will he be ready
to state if there ever has been a survey of that
river? or that there ever will be, or if it is neces-
sary that there should be ? Has there been any
of the river Ohio? I want to show the grounds
upon which these motions or arguments are made,
not, I think, to the enlightened understanding of
the country in regard to the character of these
measures. And again: I want to state that the
river Tennessee is little inferior, if at all, both in
the volume of its water and its length, to the river
, Ohio itself, and that it drains three States—Ten-
nessee, Alabama, and Kentucky. Does the Sen-
ator mean to move to strike out the Ohio river?
Mr. HAMLIN. Will the Senator allow me to
say one word ? I desire by this to test the sense
of the Senate upon this proposition: whether they
desire or design to retain the items in this bill for
which no surveys or estimates have been made.
This is one of them; and when I get the sense of
the Senate upon this amendment, if it shall be ad-
verse to the motion, I have no other to make. If,
however, the motion be agreed to, the Senate will
understand what other motions I shall make.
Mr. FOOTE. I perfectly concur in the views
stated by the Senator. I think these estimates
are necessary. And in addition to that, I beg
leave to say that the Tennessee river, although a
very respectable stream, for certain reasons well
known to those who have lived on its banks and
to those who are familiar with its geography, is-
not recognized as a national river. It is a very re-
spectable inland stream, the navigation of which
is quite important but exceedingly interrupted.
It is slow in its flow, from certain obstructions,
and is not exactly such a river as could be called
a great national stream. I know it is very diffi-
cult to tell what sort of an improvement is national
in the old Jackson sense. I have never seen the
man wise enough to determine those internal im-
provements which are strictly of a national char-
acter. But we do know that between the two
extremes, between that which is unquestionably
national, as the improvements on our Atlantic
and Pacific coasts, and the Mississippi and the
lakes Jiorth—for I would include them to some
extent—between such improvements and the im-
provements on little streams having between fifteen
or twenty miles only to run in their whole course,
there is a middleground, which it is important for
1 us to ascertain, if it be possible for us to ascertain
| it at all. One class of these improvements may
be called national, the other certainly is not; and
although we may not be able to ascertain the pre-
cise dividing line between those schemes of inter-
nal improvement which are national in their char-
acter and those which are not, it is perfectly true
j that any man of sense will be able to determine
for himself whether a particular scheme of im-
| provement is or is not national. I have no hesi-
| tation in saying that I do believe the improvement
' of the Mississippi river, that great national river,
I that continuation of inland seas, may be well re-
garded as of a national character. But who would
suppose that the improvement of the little stream
that runs at the foot of the hill upon which the
Capitol is located would be called national ?
I Although it is impossible for us to run the line
I between those schemes of internal improvement
