1851 ]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
348
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Rivers and Harbors—Messrs. Rantoul and Downs.
Senate.
' Then the Tennessee enters into the Mississippi, so
that they both reach the same ocean. Gentlemen,
then, cannot discriminate, so far as nationality is
concerned, between the Tennessee and the Mis-
sissippi.
Tins bill has been forced upon us in very great
haste. It was called up this morning. We have
scarcely had time to look into it, and we are to act
upon it without debate. The friends of the Ad-
ministration upon this floor, for the purpose of
passing this bill and forcing it through without de-
bate, take the responsibility of laying down the
civil and diplomatic bill. They take the responsi-
bility of postponing the ordinary appropriation
bills for the purpose of taking up this extraordi-
nary appropriation bill. They take the responsi-
bility of Referring the passage of those bills which
are indispensable to carry on the wheels of Gov-
ernment, in order to pass through this body that
which is unnecessary, so far as carrying on the
affairs of the Government is concerned. They
must take the responsibility of placing behind this
bill all the ordinary appropriation bills, without
which the Government cannot get along, and they
will not be able to place a gag upon those who feel
disposed to make opposition to it. The responsi-
bility will rest upon their shoulders. To that re
sponsibility the whole country will hold them.
The civil and diplomatic appropriation bill was be-
fore the Senate, was the unfinished business of
yesterday, could have been finished before this
hour, but, in order to secure the passive of this
billjthey choose to lay it down, supposing thereby
thajfthey would deter Senators on this side from
debating it, from discussing it, from making oppo-
sition to it. I hope it will have no such effect. It
should not have.
Mr. RANTOUL. I will trouble the Senate
but a very few moments. The progress of time
and the accumulation of precedents certainly
ought, sooner or later, to settle the construction of
the Constitution; and if there be any one clause
upon which there has been a series of precedents
all tending one way, it is that of the power to
regulate commerce. If the construction of that
clause from the commencement of the Govern-
ment down to the present time upon the Atlantic
border has been a correct one, I have never felt
any scruples in applying the same principles to
inland seas and rivers that have been applied to
harbors on the seacoast. But I agree that the
object for which the appropriation is asked should I
be one of sufficient national importance to justify ,
the interposition of the General Government. It j
should not be local. The inquiry I make in j
regard to this subject is, whether these two ob-
jects—the Tennessee and Illinois rivers—are such
objects as would justify the General Government
in interfering to improve the navigation ? The
Tennessee river, in any country but this, would
be a river of the first class. It flows through three .
States. All has been said upon it that is neces- i
sary to be said. The Illinois river is on the main ]
channel of communication between the northern |
part of our Atlantic coast and the whole valley of
the Mississippi. If you wish to send anything
from New York to Missouri, by way of Chicago,
you would send it down the Illinois river. If that
which connects the basin of the lakes with the
"valley of the Mississippi be not national, there is
nothing national in our territory. The basin of
the lakes is tin area of a million of miles. You
could put Great Britain, and the French republic,
and Austria into it, and haveroom left for twenty
of the little principalities of Europe. The valley
of the Mississippi has very nearly as much more.
If the channel that connects these two portions be
not national, what can be? The commerce of
two sections of the Union passes through this
river. In 1837 it was surveyed by the officers of
this Government. The report of die surveys was
published; so that Senators have the means of in-
forming themselves of the character of that river,
and how far it is susceptible of improvements, and
what improvements it requires. ®
I would like to go further into this subject, but
I know that time is a great deal more precious
than anything I can say. Having given my rea-
sons for my vote, I will say no more. I shall
vote against striking out.
Mr. DOWNS. I shall vote for this amend-
ment, as I Bhall for many others proposed in this
bill of a similar nature. I regret very much the
circumstances under which this measure was
brought forward; it seems to me to be very extraor-
dinary. I have voted two or three times to lay
I this bill upon the table, or against taking it up,
| not because I had any objections to discussing it
I or taking up the subject, for I am not opposed to
i a proper system of internal improvement, but be-
cause I had great objections to some parts of the
bill, and I did not think it right and proper to take
it up under such circumstances where it would be
, impossible to go into a full and fair discussion of
it. Why was this course adopted? Why is it
brought here at this last hour of the session?
Raally it would seem to me that the circumstances
under which this bill is brought forward are so ex-
] traordinary, and the probability of success is so
I remote, that it would look more as though its
friends had brought it forward without any ex-
' pectation thatit would be adopted, but that it would
be defeated. I entertain no ultra views on this
subject. There are many things in the bill which
I would approve of most cordially, but I am not
disposed to adopt the whole of it, or to have it
forced upon me under these circumstances. This
subject nas been pressed upon the Senate to-day
in a manner which I must say I have never wit-
nessed before, and which I think the country will
look upon with astonishment. We are in one of
the last two days of the session of Congress; we
were this morning in the midst of the'consideration
of an important appropriation bill, the great'bill of
' the session, the civil and diplomatic appropriation
bill for the year. When before, under such cir-
, cumstances, was there not the usual, proper, and
1 necessary deference paid to the chairman of the
| Committee on Finance, when he proposed to take
up, as a matter of necessity, that bill? When
was it so unexpectedly overruled, and not only
this appropriation bill, but all the other appropri-
ation bills set aside I I consider this a most ex-
traordinary course—one wholly unparalleled. And
what is more extraordinary is, that this measure
is advocated and brought forward, that it is pressed
and insisted upon, by those members of the Sen-
ate who we should naturally suppose would feel
most interested in having the appropriation bills
passed, and who would feel the greatest responsi-
bility if they should be defeated; I mean the friends
of the Administration. What will be the position
of this Government if these appropriation bills are
defeated? Will it be said, it cannot be said, that
I, or those with whom I act here, have done it?
But it will be because this measure is brought for-
ward and pressed in the extraordinary manner
that it is.
There are many measures in this bill, as I stated
before, that I would be very willing to approve.
But I have no idea of voting for a bill which con-
tains along with so much that is good so much
that I consider evil as there is in this. If gentle-
men wish a proper system of internal improve-
ments, let them commence by the details, and take
up subjects as proposed some years ago by a dis-
tinguished Senator from New York, in a distinct
bill for each measure, when we have time to dis- j
cuss each on its own merits. Then I would cheer- j
fully go for it. There is enough about which there
is not any doubt upon which we can act. We j
cannot do everything at once, or make every im-
provement that may be asked for. Let us begin
with the greatest first, about which there is little
doubt. Let us commence with the great waters
of the lakes, and the great works on the Missis-
sippi and Ohio rivers, about which there is no
doubt nor difficulty. After we have disposed of
them it will be time enough to look to other ob-
jects, these numerous objects of a doubtful char-
acter which are brought in here. I believe that if
this question were a new one, and was started for
the first time, the doubts which the Senator from
Mississippi has expressed about the power to
grant such appropriations would be so strong as
to be insurmountable. I think the evidence is al-
most irresistible that the power does not exist.
But the practice of the Government as to improve-
ments on the seacost for harbors, light-houses,
and other objects, such as are named in this bill,
has been so long carried out, and so much public
money has been expended on the seacost, that 1
consider the policy of the Government has been
committed, so for as anything can be established j
by precedent, and that it would be impossible to
stop it now with justice to the West. In fact we
could not do ample justice to all, since, if, after
having expended such large sums on the Atlantic
coast, we should stop now and say they could not
be extended to the great lakes and rivers of the
West, the different sections would be unfairly
treated. I do not consider that we can go back to
first principles; we must take the practice of the
Government which has been pursued for so long
a time. I think we should take the most import-
ant measures first and adopt them, and then take
1 time to consider others. The opinion of the distin-
guished gentleman from New York, now no more,
(Mr. Wright,) has been often referred to,and it has
often occurred to me that on this subject, about
which there is so much doubt, his ideas and views
are entided to the highest consideration, anff if
followed would satisfy all parties. I refer to his
views as they were given in a letter addressed to
the Chicago Convention. I recollect one of the
principles he maintained was, that, although we
might make improvements to aid commerce and
facilitate it, the practice of the Government had
gone so far that it was perhaps impossible to go
back beyond that; yet there was a principle which
was applicable, which was, that though we might
make appropriations to facilitate commerce, we
could not make them to create commerce; that
where we found a port with a large commerce and
much revenue, it would be proper to make appro-
priations for the improvement of the harbor, but
not to go along a whole seacost, and whenever a
speculator or anybody wanted a port to build up
a little town which presented a bay in which there
never was a ship, that there was no power to
make an appropriation for such a purpose. I cer-
tainly could not favor such a proposition.
I have no hostility to any section or quarter of
the country. I am willing to be just and as liberal
as any other man. But looking at this hill with
regard to the great lakes, I perfectly agree with the
Senator from Ohio that the improvements stand
upon precisely the same footing as those upon the
seacoast. But does not this bill do more than was
ever done for the seacoast anywhere? Look at
the appropriations for the different lakes; many of
the places named I never heard of, and I venture
to say others have not. But if we take up this
bill to divide it, and take up the most important
places, I shall wish to have my geography greatly
improved before we consider appropriations for
such places as Big Sodus and Little Sodus, and
shall want to„know where Black river is, and all
these places are, before I can vote hundreds of
thousands of dollars for their improvement. It
was never intended that money should be appro-
priated from the Treasury of the United States to
build up these little places—these Little and Big
Soduses. It is totally out of the question. It is
not generally supposed that we are to sacrifice the
appropriation bills to build up any town whatever.
I oppose this bill in no factious disposition, and
should have been perfectly willing, if gentlemen
had brought it forward a month since, to debate it
as long as they chose, but I do not choose to be
forced into debate in this way without time for
consideration, and I do not think it prudent that
the appropriation bill should be laid aside when
we do not know what we are to vote for, for the
purpose of getting up a measure of this kind.
Why should its friends insist on it? Is it possi-
ble now that anything can be done with this bill ?
There is a serious opposition to it. Perhaps when
we consider that so many want amendments, al-
though a majority has been found to refuse to lay
it on the table, yet it is scarcely possible that there
will be a majority who will finally vote for the
passage of the bill as it now is. But how is it
possible that it can be passed even if there is a
small majority ? We are now at the second read-
ing of the bill, and it is to go back to the House
with ail the amendments which may be made.
How do gentlemen expect" to get this measure-
through? Do gentlemen intend to run the risk of
losing the appropriation bills for the sake of pass-
ing this bill? If they do, they have the power to
do it, and on them will rest the responsibility. 1
shall vote to lay it aside, to take up the appropri-
ation bills.
Although many areanxiousthat this bill should
pass, if we are defeated in this, and the appropri-
