1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
347
31st Cong 2d Sess. Rivers and Harbors—Messrs. Shields, Cass, Atchison, Chase, fyc.
Senate.
in honesty to make use of the public lands fairly,
as they were intended, to pay off the public debt,
or if any of them will tell me they are ready at !
this time to submit to direct taxation, I am will- \
ing to meet them. I believe this would be a good ;
Government, if it were a responsible Government;
if the people knew how they were taxed, and the
manner in which the money was appropriated.
I believe this Government can be a good Gov-
ernment; but so long as you disguise from the
people the form in which the money is raised,
and leave it to a combination of majorities to
appropriate it for sections, or combinations of
sections, there is no responsibility in this Gov-
ernment, and it is not a Government that can
maintain itself upon the great principle that the
constituents should govern the representatives.
How do you raise your money? By borrowing,
in the first instance. How are you to meet the
payments? By duties upon your commerce. Can
that commerce bear the duties, and how long can
it bear the duties necessary to meet the payments?
The time will not be long, perhaps not twenty
years, before nearly everything which is brought
here will be raised in the United States, and we
shall have no foreign commerce. You are very •
willing to embark in all the hazards of a debt, but 1
few reflect how we are to meet it. I ask gentle- !
men how they will meet the payment of this debt? J
Borrow. Yes, borrow; borrow as long as you
can; and when you have ceased borrowing, tax,
the foreign commerce to such an extent that it ,
caanot bear it; and then I doubt very much whether
any man will have the courage to propose such a
system of taxation as will make the people feel j
the action of the Government. i
I know this bill will pass in some form or
other, and all I can do is to try by my vote to
control the extravagance of the bill. Some of its
objects are worthy. Some address themselves
favorably to my judgment; but I cannot see the
propriety of appropriating the money upon ex-
periment. I have been told that this is an exper-
iment. We have the opportunity now to make
it; but many do not know what rivers and har-
bors are to be affected by it, and the Senator from
Kentucky said there are some things of which he
might not approve. I do not know who will
claim the paternity of the bill after it shall have
passed. My friend from Arkansas [tylr. Bor-
land] advocates it upon one ground; the Senator
from Kentucky upon another; and the Senator
from Massachusetts is willing to take it blind.
I will not undertake to say that I could vote for the j
bill in any shape. I have said that many of these ]
great streams do commend themselves to the na- 1
tional consideration, and I would not exclude
them did I notfeei compelled to be consistent with
my notions of the construction of the Constitu-
tion. I know there are those who have no such j
scruples. I will Say before I conclude, that so far 1
as regards these particular rivers, I am almost in-
clined to vote for them, to let the system be ex-
hibited in its true character at once, and to let the
country see it. There area great many willing
to ride this hobby, but they will find that it is not
able to carry them all.
Mr. SHIELDS. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the proposition.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CASS. I shall vote for the amendment,
but not on the ground that it is improper to im-
prove either of those rivers. I do not enter into
that subject; but no survey has been made, no es-
timate has been received from the Department in
relation to them. # Honorable Senators talk about
estimates as a thing not usual. Allow me to say
that there is not a law on the statute-book, made
in relation to internal improvements, that is not
founded on an estimate. This is the very first ex-
ception. What is an estimate for? To give some
general idea whether the work will cost one million
or ten millions. It is to give the executive officer
the knowledge how he is to appl^tiie expendi-
ture. He must make an estimate^w how much
will be required for dredges, how much for this
and for that, every item being specifically stated.
Again, how do gentlemen know that $50,000 will
be required for the Illinois and Tennessee rivers?
How do they know whether that sum will be re-
quired, or whether fire times as much will be
required, or whether one fifth as much will be ,
required? Who can tell? The honorable Sena-
tor says that Congress has a right to put in any
appropriations. Certainly they have; but the
proper course, the course that has been heretofore
pursued, is to make no appropriations except for
improvements which have been estimated for by
the Departments, so that we may know the precise
expenditure to which we may be obliged to go. I
shall not go further into this matter; but, where
thesestimates or the surveys are wanting in any in-
stance, I shall vote against the appropriation; for
I aver now that this is the first case under the Gov-
ernment in which an appropriation of this charac-
ter has been made.
- Mr. CHASE. I hold in my hand the report
from the Department of War with regard to these
several items, and I wish to read a single para-
graph from it. It is known that this bill was ori-
ginally reported in the other House, and that it in-
cluded these very same appropriations which are
now proposed to be stricken out. In regard to
these appropriations, Colonel Abert, of the Topo-
graphical Engineers, in his report to the Secretary
of War, says: "These are old and well-known
objects, and of extensive national interest; the
amounts named in the bill are sufficient for the
present fiscal year." Now, I do not know ex-
actly what gentlemen may mean by a technical es-
timate and survey, but when I find that the De-
partment recognizes these works as well-known,
as of national interest, and says that the amounts
proposed to be appropriated in the bill are suffi-
cient for the present fiscal year, it is enough for
me. I shall vote for it most cheerfully.
Mr. ATCHISON. . I wish to make an inquiry
of the Senator from Ohio. Did the sentence that
he rea3 from the report of Colonel Abert relate to
the improvement of the Illinois and Tennessee
rivers ?
Mr. CHASE. I will answer the inquiry. It
relates to the Mississippi below the rapids, and
the Ohio river above and below the falls at Louis-
ville, the Missouri and Arkansas rivers, and the
Illinois and Tennessee rivers. The paragraph
which I read from the report of the Bureau of Top-
ographical Engineers refers to the provisions of
this bill in relation to those rivers—to lines 143,
144, 145,146, 147, 148, and 150 of the bill. Line
148 is for the improvement of the Arkansas and
Missouri rivers, and then adds, "and for the
Illinois and Tennessee rivers $50,000 each." I
suppose that the improvement of these two rivers
was directly in view of the Department in making
this report.
Mr. HAMLIN. I beg to correct my friend
from Ohio in this particular. The bill from which
he has read an extract was not the bill sent to the
Topographical Bureau. It was the House bill
which was sent to the Topographical Bureau; it
was the House bill to which this report was made
as an answer. After that the House bill was
returned from the bureau. An amendment was
was adopted in the House of Representatives, in-
cluding these two rivers; consequently, when the
Senator from Ohio reads that paragraph, and
makes it apply to those two works, he is mistaken.
Mr. ATCHISON. I conceive that the Senator
from Michigan is right. I desire now to ask a
question of the Senator from Massachusetts, who
is a member of the Committee on Commerce, and
who seems to have made himself acquainted with
this whole subject. In what manner is it proposed
to improve the navigation of the Tennessee and
Illinois rivers ? Is it by removing snags from or
removing shoals in those rivers ? In what way is
the $50,000 to be expended for their improvement?
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I will answer
the gentleman to the best of my information. I
believe in all cases where there is a work proposed
to be improved, if the surveys have not Deen en-
tirely satisfactory to the Government, and the plan
of operations has not been fixed upon, they first
make a survey, and decide upon a plan,and adopt
that which they consider the best plan of improve-
ment proposed.
Mr. ATCHISON. Then the Senator from
Michigan is entirely right. We are making an
appropriation in the dark, without the least shad-
ow of information upon the subject. We do not
know officially whether any improvement can be
made.
Mr. CLEMENS. The Senator from Missouri
will allow me to make a statement. The proviso
which has been adopted by the Senate confines the
appropriation for the improvement of the Tennes-
see river between the points of Chattanooga, Ten-
nessee, and Decatur, Alabama. It so happens
that I know very nearly every rock in the whole
river between these two points. There are two
sandy shoals which may be very easily removed,
and which are obstructions to the navigation. I
do not think, in the whole distance from Chatta-
nooga to Decatur, it will be necessary to blow a
Bingle rock. It is a gravelly and sandy formation
along the whole shore. There is a steamboat
navigation between those points for the whole
year. At Decatur, the railroad touches the river,
which communicates with north Mississippi, and
west Tennessee. At Chattanooga, the Charleston
railroad strikes the river. This gives us an im-
portant communication with Nashville, Tennes-
see, with north Mississippi, and with west Ten-
nessee. The appropriation of $50,0Q0 is, I believe,
sufficient. ,,
Mr. DAWSON. I wish to correct the Senator
in one thing. It is not the Charleston railroad,
but the Georgia State road which strikes the Ten-
nessee river at the point which he has named.
Mr. CLEMENS. It may be the Georgia rail-
i road, but it connects Charleston, South Carolina,
' with Chattanooga, Tennessee. There is another
! railroad at Decatur, going around the Muscle
1 Sheals. This appropriation will remove the ob-
structions between these points, and make the
river navigable for the whole year.
Mr. ATCHISON. Then we have nothing more
than the loose opinion of the Senator from Ala-
i bama.
Mr. CLEMENS. I have swum every bit of it,
from Chattanooga down.
Mr. BADGER. That is a floating opinion.
( Mr. ATCHISON. If it be of so much import-
; ance as the Senator represents, why have not the
j States interested employed an engineer to make
the estimates, and ascertain if these improvements
| can be made, and in what manner they can be
made? Now we have nothing but the opinion of
the Senator from Alabama.
Mr. CLEMENS. The Senator is mistaken.
It was surveyed twenty-five years ago.
Mr. ATCHISON. By what authority?
Mr. CLEMENS. By the United States sur-
veyors; and five hundred thousand acres of land
were granted to the State, and were appropriated
by the State for the purpose. Congress left the
land to the State Legislature, and the State Legis-
lature wasted it in building a canal.
Mr. ATCHISON. Then it adds nothing to
the credit of the State of Alabama, that the five
hundred thousand acres of land which were ap-
propriated for purposes of improvement, were
wasted away. 'In that case, the Government is
not under the least shadow of obligation in rela-
tion to the matter.
Mr. CLEMENS. The Senator does not un-
derstand. The Government never appropriated
a dollar for this purpose. Five hundred thousand
acres of land were appropriated, and left to the
disposal of the State Legislature, and they applied
it ail to the building of a canal around the Muscle
I Shoals. All the muscle shoals are within the State
! of Alabama, and that land was applied under the
direction of the State Legislature of Alabama.
This appropriation applies as much to Tennessee
as to Alabama.
I Mr. ATCHISON. Then it is still indefinite.
! W e have no information upon the subject upon
which any deliberative body could act.
Mr. BELL. The Senator from Missouri and
the Senator from Michigan are both totally mis-
; taken in regard to the Tennessee river. I hold in
my hands a general report of Colonel Long, on
the subject, in 1843, in which he states, after enu-
merating the different points, that these improve-
ments for the Tennessee river can all be made at a
moderate expense. He was one of a Board se-
lected about the same period, and he states in this
report that he had made a detailed report in re-
gard to the mode of improving this part of the
river, indicated by the Senator from Alabama.
He referred specifically to that part of the river
above the Muscle Shoals, with the design of lo-
cating a western armory there, and in this general
report on the western waters he says that no river
