350
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 1,
31st Cong 2d Sess. Rivers and Harbors—Messrs. Atchison, Bradbury, Clarke. &fC.
Sen
ate.
printed. Knowing what an admirable system of !
public printing we have, and that we generally get .
documents about six months after they are want-
ed, I presume this document will be printed for
us during the recess of Congress, and that, some
day or other, we shall get it among other volumes
of books which we receive. I hope this will ex-
cuse me for not having given the document an in-
spection. We have had read from that report an
article containing an extract from a report made
in 1844, but that does not give the present condi-
tion of the harbor of St. Louis, or explain the
present necessity of this appropriation. It takes
no notice of the works which have been com-
menced under the authority of the city of St.
Louis and the State of Illinois. I do not even
know that the person who drew up the report
was aware of the arrangement made between
these two parties. I presume, from all that I
have been able to gather 011 the subject, that the
improvements progressing under the authority of
the city of St. Louis and the State of Illinois, will
be sufficient to effect the purpose for which this
appropriation is said to be necessary.
Mr. ATCHISON. If there be anything in
the argument of the Senator from Louisiana or
the Senator from Arkansas, it equally applies to
fifty or one hundred harbors, for each of which
an appropriation is proposed by this bill, on the
coast, on th.5 lakes, or on rivers. This proposi-
tion stands precisely upon the same footing as
many others in the bill. In all candor I will say
that I feel no very great anxiety about it. It will
make 110 difference to me what disposition is made
of this matter. If this appropriation is retained
I shall vote against the bill; if it is stricken out, I
shall vote against the bill; so that I stand utterly 1
indifferent on this point. But from all I have 1
learned, and all I know upon this subject, this is ,
one of the most meritorious appropriations for the
improvement of harbors made by this bill.
Mr. BRADBURY. We ask asked to appro- :
priate $50,000 for the improvement of the harbor J
of St. Louis, but this discussion has developed ;
the fact that there is no harbor there. It has de- (
veloped the further fact, that there is an ample
landing at the city, above the gravelly beds which
it is proposed to remove, and if we make an ap-
propriation we benefit, not the city of St. Louis
as a whole, but a portion of the landholders of
that city, and at the time that we bestow a benefit
upon one portion we injure another. I would like
to ask what right we have to inflict injury on
property-holders above this point? We are in-
formed that this gravelly bed extends a portion of
the distance along the city, and that boats pass
and land above it. If we remove the bar there
we will go beyond their present landing; and so
far as we can we shall prevent the owners of prop-
erty above from enjoying the full advantages of
their property, and we thus injure it. On what
principle is it that any agent who is set to work
there will not be liable in damages for the injury
which would be done to the property-owners who
had prepared their wharves above ? Are we to be
tnM that we must make this improvement because
another portion of the property-holders desire us
to do it ? Is not this a remarkable fact that we
are called upon to interpose between portions of
the same city, and to interpose not for the benefit
of general commerce, for we are told that that finds
ample accommodations above and below this bar,
and that there is an ample opportunity for landing,
whether we make this improvement or not. Yet
this is called a national object. National! It is
not broad enough to cover the whole interests of a
single city, and yet it is called national. National!
when it inflicts an injury upon a portion of the
property-holders of the very city which you pro-
pose to benefit. National, indeed! If we can
pervert the revenues of the Government to such a
purpose as this—to such partial, to such local ob-
jects as this—I should like to know what we can-
not undertake. I submit that if an improvement
of this character cannot be stricken out, it is in
vain to struggle against anything.
The question then being taken by yeas and nays
011 the amendment, resulted—yeas 24, nays 29.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. CLARKE. I move to insert the word
" twenty" before the word " five," in the appro-
priation for the improvement of the harbor nt
Providence, and the removal of a rock in Saugon-
net river, so as to make the sum $35,000.
I will briefly state the reasons for asking a
further appropriation than the bill provides. I he
harbor at Providence, in Rhode Island, is at the
junction of the two rivers, and in the course of
time that harbor has become filled up so that a large
portion of it is now totally inaccessible to vessels
of any considerable burden. Some ten or twelve
years since, in some appropriation bill of this kind,
there was an appropriation of $5,000 made upon
estimates from a Department. That same estimate
has been continued; but since that estimate was
made the harbor has become so much filled up that
it is necessary that the appropriation should be
much larger, as the estimate would be if made
now. The harbor has become so filled up that
what is now recommended would be totally use-
less, in fact would scarcely provide the machines
necessary to carry on the work. There is a strong
necessity for this appropriation, because this har-
bor is at the head-waters of the Narragansett bay,
and certainly no waters on our coast furnish so
good and safe a retreat as the harbors within the
Narragansett bay. Therefore, without taking up
the time of the Senate further, I move that this
amendment be adopted.
Mr. FOOTE. I shall not say anything in direct
opposition to the amendment. I cannot do so. I
hail it as a most auspicious omen. I think it shows
that the bill will be so amended as that, if it shall
finally become a law, it will give more general
satisfaction than the bill without amendment can.
I must say that my friend from Rhode Island is
not in perfect harmony with the distinguished
Senator from Kentucky, who this morning an-
, nounced his determination to oppose all amend-
1 ments, and seemed to think that any emendation
1 of this bill would be likely to prove fatal to the bill
itself. He is not following the lead of the Senator
from Kentucky on this particular subject. He
has a right I know to take his own course, under-
standing as he does this particular case; but if the
bill is to be amended at all, I desire that all the
amendments of which it is susceptible shall be
made. If the friends of the bill are in favor of
making amendments to increase the appropriations
for various objects contained in the bill, why should
it be objected that those who oppose the bill, and
who would diminish the appropriation or oppose
them in toto, should make their propositions so to
amend the bill ? The rule, to be a fair one, must
work both ways. I insist Upon it that now that
the Senator from Rhode Island, one of the friends
of this measure, has specified one of the defects
in it by moving to substitute $25,000 for the sum
of $5,000, as it is in the bill, there can be no
grounds of reasonable complaint either on his part,
or of those associated with him, in relation to those
, of us who think proper either to oppose any par-
ticular appropriation in this bill, in the most decided
manner, or propose such modifications thereof as
we may believe judicious and proper under the
circumstances. We have from the beginning
thought this bill imperfect, and I am glad to find
that the Senator from Rhode Island agrees with
me in supposing, that, like all human productions,
it is marked with some degree of imperfection. I
am very glad the Senator thinks that so far as
Rhode Island is concerned the bill is exceedingly
imperfect. I have no doubt it is so in relation to
many other portions of the bill which relate to
other sections of the country. I take it for granted
that similar imperfections exist in relation to other
portions of the country as exist in the case to
which the Senator from Rhode Island has referred.
Seeing that it is now admitted by the strongest
implication in the world, on the part of the friends
of the bill, that it is such a legislative proposition
as ought to be subjected to proper scrutiny and
examination and ample emendation, I am very
glad indeed to have the opportunity to suggest that
whether this amendment shall be adopted or not—
to which I am not making any specific opposi-
tion—I design, as soon as I can get an opportu-
nity, to propose an increased appropriation for
another portion of this Union. I shall make the
motion upon principle, to wit, the* principle of an
equitable disposition of the spoils between the
various sections of the Union. It is acknowledged
by every one acquainted with the facts, and it was
1 most strikingly exhibited by the Senator from
Kentucky this morning, that the great valley of
the Mississippi has been less cared for than any
portion of the Confederacy, unless it be the por-
tion bordering on the northern lakes. I shall,
therefore, move to amend it, as soon as I can get
the floor, in the 147th line, by striking out the
word "two" and inserting the word "four," and
by striking out the words "and forty," in the
next line, so as to give to the improvement of the
Missouri and Arkansas rivers $400,000. I am sure
that will not be enough to improve them as they
should be improved. I shall also propose to strike
out "fifty," in the 149th line, and insert "one
hundred."
Mr. BORLAND. I make a point of order
whether these amendments can now be proposed.
The PRESIDENT. The amendment offered
by the Senator from Rhode Island is under consid-
eration, and the Senator must confine himself to
that.
Mr. POOTE. So I understand, and in con-
formity with the course pursued by the Senator
from Rhode Island in increasing the appropriation,
I state this as a reason in favor of the amendment
of that Senator, in opposition to which I shall
soon vote
Mr. CLARKE. I, for one, heard with much
pleasure the remarks of the Senator from Ken-
tucky this morning, but I beg leave to say to you
and to the Senate that I follow the lead of no man.
The Senator from Kentucky delivered his senti-
ments to the Senate, as he always does, in a man-
ner to command the attention and respect of every
individual within the sound of his voice. I con-
fess I admire the sentiments uttered, as I ever do
the sentiments which he utters. But of all gentle-
; men in the Senate who should not reproach others
1 for having followed the lead of the Senator from
Kentucky, I should have thought the honorable
Senator from Mississippi would have been the
last. [Laughter.] Any one who will carry his
recollection back for the last six months would
suppose that the Senator from Mississippi would
be the last to reproach any Senator for following
the lead of any other individual most submissively.
I assure liim that I offered this proposition upon
the convictions of my own judgment; and, let me
say further, that he is mistaken in supposing that
this is the first instance in which I have voted to
amend this bill. It is true I have made no mo-
tion, hut I have voted for the amendment of the
Senator from Alabama to restrict the application
of the appropriation for the Tennessee river. I
have no idea that the bill is perfect. I have no
idea but that if we had time to consider it, we
could properly and judiciously amend it so that it
would be much more serviceable to those portions
of the country to which amendments would apply.
I believe this amendment is correct. If it be
adopted, the bill shall receive my vote; if it is not
adopted, I shall do as I do on all occasions—vote
as I please, without the dictation of any man.
This amendment needs no precedent. The gen-
tleman from Mississippi, however, can vote as he
pleases. We know that he has talent to transform
the bill into any shape that may suit his fancy;
but, unequalled as are his powers, they are defied
by an amendment so simple as that which 1 have
offered in all sincerity, and so justly due to the
head-waters of the Narragansett'. I presume the
Senator from Mississippi will introduce no amend-
ments but what are proper, and for such he shall
have my cordial support.
Mr. FOOTE. I am sure I did not intend to
say anything to wound the feelings of the Senator
from Rhode Island. I must confess his explana-
tion did not entirely satisfy me as to this particu-
lar amendment; but what he has just now said
satisfies me beyond a doubt. I wish he had spo-
ken as luminously and voluminously at first. I
then should have known how to act. With re-
gard to following the lead of any one, I simply
stated that he had not followed the lead of the
Senator from Kentucky. 1 do not know why he
should vindicate himself against a suggestion
which I did not make. He is certainly one of
the Senators on this floor whom I should least
suspect^of being led; for certainly in some matters
he follows his own judgment too much to my
taste. With regard to the history of the transac-
tion to which he has referred, I assure the Sena-
tor that I followed no man's lead; but whilst no
