1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
853
31st Cong 2n Sess.
Rivera and Harbors—Messrs. Atchison, Downs, ffC. Price $ 1 • 50 for thib Session.
for these little places, you ought not to rive more
for places on the great waters of the Mississippi
and its tributaries ?
Mr. ATCHISON. I desire to know from the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce, or
some member of the committee, how much is to
be appropriated for the improvement of the Mis-
souri river ? Will the Senator from Massachusetts
answer me that question? I believe it is the last I
will put to him. How much of this $2,400,000 is
to be appropriated for the improvement of the
Missouri river?
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. The Senator
can settle that question as well as I can.
Mr. ATCHISON. I know nothing about it,
and I am to understand that he knows no more.
I understand that the Ohio river is taken pretty
good care of, and that $80,000 are appropriated
for its improvement above the falls at Louisville.
Of this I do not complain. Then for the Missis-
sippi below the rapids, and the Ohio below the
falls, the Missouri and Arkansas rivers, $240,000
are appropriated. The Missouri is a river which
has been navigated by steamboats nearly two
thousand miles; the Ohio from the falls is about
ftiur hundred miles. There has been appropria-
ted for all the rivers that I have named $240,000,
and $80,000 for the Upper Ohio, a stream which
is better perhaps for navigation at this time, and
has been for years past, and which requires less
Appropriations than any other in the valley of the
Mississippi. Yet $80,000 are appropriated for the
Upper Ohio, and why? Because it borders upon
the States of Ohio, Pennsylvania, and Virginia.
Then there is a special appropriation to remove a
bar at the head of Cumberland Island, in the
Ohio, of §50,000. Then for tlie improvement of
the Red river there is $80,000, and besides that the
State of Arkansas gets her share of this appropri-
ation of $240,000 for the improvement of the Ar-
kansas. Well may the Senator from Arkansas
sustain this bill as ardently as he does; but before
I sustain it I must know that Missouri, and par-
ticularly the States bordering on the Mississippi
river, shall receive their due share of the public
plunder.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. There is some-
thing very objectionable in the form in which this
appropriation is made, in combining a number of
rivers together. It has been done before, and the
effect of it is this. The rivers most defective by
nature have received nearly all the money. The
Lower Mississippi, notwithstanding its commerce,
because it has a good natural channel, is almost
entirely neglected. And, again, the boats em-
ployed in drawing out the snags are commanded
by men living in the upper States, and the only
season when they can do the work with advantage
is in the Summer, when the water is low. They
will never come there then, on account of the cli-
mate and the fear of disease. I live on what is
termed a chute of the river, and I never knew a
snag-boat to come there when the water was not
sufficiently high to cover all the snags, so that
there was no danger to be apprehended from them.
Such I believe will always be the state of things.
The question was then taken with the following
result: Yeas 7, nays 41.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. FOOTE. I understand that the question
Was upon a portion of my amendment only.
• The PRESIDENT. It is proposed further to
amend the bill by striking out in the 149th line the
word " fifty," and inserting " one hundred."
Mr. CASS. I understood the honorable Sena-
tor from Massachusetts to say distinctly that the
amounts asked for were such as were suggested
by the War Department, and were not to he in-
creased, because they knew best what they could
expend. Very well; here is $50,000 proposed to
be added to this paragraph that the W ar Depart-
ment dissents from. Then let me ask, why put it
there if they are the best judges? Why should
we ask more if they know best what they can
expend ?
Mr. DAWSON. As it is due to the Senate to
have the information we need on this subject, I call
on the chairman of the Committee on Commerce
to know whether the Government has ever asked
for this amount?
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. In the absence
of the chairman I will give all the information I
New Series—No. 23.
possess. I called at the Engineer Department, and
conversed with the chief of the engineers, and he
said this sum of money could be usefully expended
during the present year.
Mr. DAVI~  
That is a differ-
IS, of Mississippi. I would ask if
the chief of the engineers gave that information?
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I mean of the
Topographical Department.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi.
ent matter.
Mr. CASS. These are the estimates of the
War Department sent in here.
Mr. DOWNS. It seems to me we are taking a
strange course of proceeding, if a mere verbal
statement of the head of a bureau is to be consid-
ered as sanctioning the bill. I understood him to
say that a head of a bureau told him.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I will refer
the Senator to what was said by the chairman of
the committee, that there was a bill last year con-
taining these very items. He expressed his satis-
faction then.
Mr. DOWNS. I understand this is a mere
verbal statement. Now, I ask the Senate if we
are to appropriate hundreds of thousands of dol-
lars upon information derived from mere conver-
sation ? We have adopted a rule here that even
the chairman of a committee, or any member of
the Senate, whatever his position, cannot offer an
amendment here to an appropriation bill unless
there is an estimate from the proper Department.
All seem to admit that we ought to have some in-
formation from a proper Department of the Gov-
ernment. We have estimates upon some subjects;
but here is an important matter, and it turns out,
after we have sought for the information and have
obtained all we can, that the chairman of a com-
mittee and one member of a committee have had a
talk with the head of a bureau, and that head of a
bureau, referring to something which was said a
year ago, said he was satisfied. Weoughttohave
the estimate under the signature of the head of a
Department. Suppose we are called upon to know
for what reasons we voted for all this. Let us have
the documents to show that we acted with proper
information as to what is required, and not depend
upon loose conversation between the Senator from
Massachusetts and the head of a bureau. As that
Senator seems to take so much interest in this mat-
ter, and has so little information to give, I would
like to know if the chairman of the committee is
any better informed?
Mr. HAMLIN. I have already stated that I
had no knowledge of any estimates from that De-
partment. However, I will do the Senator from
Massachusetts the justice to say, that, finding
myself in the minority in the committee on this
bill, according to the practice laid down by* Mr.
Jefferson in parliamentary law, I deemed it just
that I should intrust this till to the hands of one of
its friends. I therefore gave it over to the hands
of the Senator from Massachusetts, and he thought
it his duty to get his information from the proper
officers. I have said that I would not go outside
of the recommendations of the Department. I
have not said I would come up to them.
Mr. DAWSON. I am a friend of this Admin-
istration—a better friend, I think, than those who
think the Administration has as much as it can
bear, and yet propose to add appropriations be-
yond what are called for, and when it will go out
to the country that these appropriations are made
upon the estimates of a Department, and upon the
requisition of the Government. The question _was
justly and properly put by the Senator from Michi-
gan , whether there was any one responsible for
these estimates ? We get the reply that the head
of a bureau in conversation said that this would
be well spent; and upon that information we are to
hold the Administration responsible for these ap-
propriations. Sir, it is wrong. An anxiety to
carry this bill through, and to enable the various
interests which are affected by the bill to unite, in
order to carry the measure by this kind of man-
agement, is incompatible with justice and proper
legislation.
This estimate foran appropriation has been pro-
cured from the head of a bureau. Has he sub-
mitted that to the Cabinet, or the chief officers over
him, or has that estimate been sent here to-day
for the purpose of justifying this appropriation,
and then charging the executive department with
this expenditure? No party on earth can exist
when its friends place them in such jeopardy;
when responsibilities are put upon the Govern-
ment by way of appropriations which they have
never estimated for. I, for one, protest against it.
The friends of this bill should not throw in such
estimates merely for the purpose of combining in-
terests which will, when united, carry it through,
and by this means tend to destroy the party in
power. I denounce it as improper legislation. I
am for adopting the principle suggested by the
Senator from Michigan, to vote for no appropria-
tion unless there is an estimate of a Department
for it; and then we can hold the executive depart-
ment responsible.
How do we stand here ? The executive depart-
ment belongs to one party, and the legislative to
another; and I shall take occasion to show that
this is not a measure which belongs to the execu-
tive department. It must be the act of a majority
of Congress, and that majority is against the ex-
ecutive. The majority can control it; but the Sen-
ator from Michigan puts himself right; he votes
upon principle—a principle upon which he can
stand; and if the Administration is only held lia-
ble to the exten t to which they ought to be respon-
sible, I will give my vote for it. But when other
matters are brought in merely to effect purposes
of legislation, I protest against it, and call upon
the fnends of the Administration to defeat all the
appropriations which are not called for by the ex-
ecutive department.
Mr. MANGUM appealed to the Senate to lay
this bill on the table for a few minutes, that he
might submit a resolution, which was understood
to be designed to suspend the 26th rule, which
provides that no bill shall be read more than once
on any one day without unanimous consent.
On this subject a long conversation ensued,
which is published in the Congressional Globe,
pages 814, 815.
The bin was laid on the table, on Mr. Man-
ge's motion; and he laid his resolution on the
table.
The river and harbor bill was then again taken
up; but, as it was midnight—
The Senate adjourned.
Monday, March 3, 1851.
The river and harbor bill again coming up in
order,
Mr. CLAY said: Mr. President, I rise to make
a motion to dispense with the morning business
and previous orders, in order to proceed with the
unfinished business which was left in that unfin-
ished state on Saturday last; and while I am up I
beg leave, not to make a speech—for I should
consider him worthy of almost any punishment
who should make a speech on this day—but to say
it is manifest to the Senate and to the country that
there is a majority in this body in favor of the
passage of that bill; and. I wish to appeal to the
justice, to the generosity, to the fairness of the
minority, to say whether they will, if they have the
power—as I know they have the power—defeat
the bill by measures of delay and procrastination ?
If they are determined to do it, although such a de-
termination is utterly incompatiblewith the genius
of all free Governments, and I should hope, also,
incompatible with that sense of propriety which
each individual member must feel—if there is a
determination upon the part of the minority to de-
feat the bill by measures to which they have the
power to resort, but which I am loth to believe
they would use —if there is such a determination
and they will avow it, for one, as I think it of the
utmost importance that great measures connected
with the operations and continuance of the Gov-
ernment—measures of appropriation—should be
adopted, notwithstanding the pain which I should
feel in being obliged to submit to the action of a
minority, intending to defeat the will of a majori-
ty—if such is the avowed purpose, I will myself
vote for the laying this bill upon the table. I hope
there will be no such purpose. I trust that we
shall take up the bill and vote upon it; and I im-
plore its friends, if they desire to pass it, to say
not one word, but come to the vote upon it.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I hope the
Senate will not agree to the motion of the honor-
able Senator from Kentucky. It is obvious, from
