1851.J
APPENDIX TO THE COPIGHE8SIQNAL 0LQBK.
355
31st Cong 2d Sess. Riven and Harbors—Messrt. Rusk., Chy, Gtvitt, Tumey, fyc. Senate,
proper? It is absolutely necessary that we should
give them at least that modicum of time which is
left to consider these bills. I understand that the
House of Representatives are now waiting for
them. It seems to me that we risk very greatly
the passage of these bills, and therefore throw the
Government into inextricable confusion and diffi-
culty, unless we act upon them at once. I desire
to see those bills acted on as promptly as possible;
and when they shall be disposed of I will go with
the friends of the river and harbor bill, and help
to keep that before the Senate until the last hours
of the session.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, I desire to say
only a very few words, and not with a view of de-
laying action upon this bill. If we were within
the last hour of the session, instead of within the
last twenty-four, believing, as I do, that there is a
majority of the Senate in favor of this bill, I would ]
not obstruct its passage. Four years ago I laid !
down the principles upon which I intend to act.
When I find that there is a clear and express ma- j
jority in favor of any measure, however much I
may condemn it—and, by the way, the objects of j
this bill I do not condemn—I will not vote to do I
indirectly what I cannot constitutionally do di- |
rectly. If the majority choose to assume the re-
sponsibility of passing what I conceive to be a
mischievous measure, upon them let it rest. But
1 must say, with great deference to older Senators
who have moved in this matter, that I think they
fiave taken the wrong course.
The PRESIDENT. Will the Senator yield
the floor, that a message may be received from the
House of Representatives?
A message was received from the House of
Representatives by Mr. Young, their Clerk:
Mr. President : The House of Representatives concur
with the Senate in the adoption of the joint resolution in
relation to the accounts of John de Neufville & Son.
Mr. RUSK. | do not believe that the opposi-
tion to this bill would assume the responsibility of
defeating it, if it were left on its own merits, and
there were but a few hours of the session remain-
ing. There is a difference of opinion in relation
to it. I know there are many men conscientious-
ly opposed to this bill—many who believe it to be
unconstitutional; but it is my impression that if the
Senate were within an hour of its adjournment,
they would yield and permit the majority to
pass the bill. But we are thrown by this bill into
an awkward predicament. There are important
amendments which every one admits ought to be
made. This is admitted by the advocates of the
■bill, and yet they say, " This or nothing; for if the
bill goes back to the House it must be defeated."
There are important amendments in regard to my
■own State which I desire to offer. A portion of
the rivers of that State have been selected, and
some observations have been made upon the sub-
ject of their nationality. A portion of them, per-
haps one or two of the most important, have been
■entirely left out of this bill. Although they may
eot have been estimated for by the Department,
still the money which may be judiciously ap-
propriated for some of these rivers, and double
the amount of it, would be saved to the Govern-
ment in two years in the transportation of troops
on the frontier. I desire to see another amend-
ment adopted, and that is, some security, some
guarantee that there will be a proper disposition of
this money, and that it will not be entirely left to
the discretion of a man who cannot understand
the relative bearing of all these wtorks. I shall not
interfere further in the discussion at this time, but
when the bill comes before the Senate, I intend, if
I can get an opportunity, to offer some, I conceive,
very important amendments. I rose principally
to say that in addition to the appropriation bills
which it is absolutely necessary we should pass,
or force upon the Executive the necessity of call-
ing an extra session of Congress, there is a bill
upon the table to which the House has made some
amendments, to agree to which will not take two
minutes of the time of the Senate, and then the
bill can be passed into a law. There is another
bill—the post route bill—in which every State in
the Union is interested, which 1 have not had an
opportunity for three days to report; and I rose to
ask gentlemen to permit me at the proper time—
for I will not press them now—to have these bills
taken up and disposed of.
Mr. CLAY. I at least will not be guilty of
losing this or any other measure by speaking to-
day. I have risen simply to call for the yeas and
nays on the motion, and if there be really a ma-
jority against the bill in its present shape, I hope
they will lay it on the table.
The yeas aad nays were ordered. '
Mr. GWIN. I think it is proper that I should '
put myself right in regard to the vote that I shall
give on taking up this bill. There are some im- ; |
portant improvements upon the Pacific coast that 1I
ought to be made, and I shall be compelled, if
there is a prospect of passing this bill, to offer
propositions to make appropriations to remove
obstructions to the navigation of some of our rivers
there, and particularly of the harbors upon the
Pacific coast. It is my duty to do it; and I have
estimates and surveys showing the great necessity
of immediately taking some steps towards pre-
serving one of the finest harbors on the Pacific
from being destroyed—the harbor of San Diego.
I shall not say one word in regard to this bill; I
shall offer no proposition to amend it, until I find
there is a prospect of passing it. Then I shall be
compelled, in duty to my constituents, to make |;
these propositions. That is all I have to say.
Mr. TURNEY. I wish to state briefly the
reasons why I shall vote against taking up this
bill. It will be conceded by all that the civil and
diplomatic bill will have to go back to the House,
various amendments to it having already been
made. It is likewise conceded, or we are informed
by the Committee on Finance, that the Army bill
and Navy bill will also have to be returned to the
House before they can be finally passed, in order
that they may have an opportunity to concur in
the amendments which may be made in the Senate.
But 1/e are told that this bill should receive no
amendment; that although wrong in some re-
spects—admitted to be 90,1 believe, by amajqrity
of its friends—it is to be forced through 4% it is,
that it may not require the action of the House.
Now, sir, if it be the policy and object of the
friends of the bill to pass both this and the ordi-
nary and indispensable appropriation bills in the
space of about twelve hours, that can only be done
by first disposing of those bills which, as a matter
1 of necessity, will have to go back to the House for j
' their concurrence in our amendments. If the con-
trary is the policy of the friends of the bill—if they
suppose they can intimidate the enemies of the bin
, by keeping it in front of the appropriation bills,
i thinking thereby to impose a gag upon the oppo-
| nents of the bill, and force it through without con-
sideration and without deliberation, they may be
mistaken; they may possibly find as pmch nerve
upon this side of the Chamber as there is upon the
] other, for Senators may claim and exercise their
j constitutional right in opposing this bill. And
] besides, sir, this bill is sought to be forced through
in a manner that will bring it under that head in
the Whig creed in which a Whig President would
be bound to veto it—upon the ground that it was
inconsiderate and hasty legislation,
i Mr. BRADBURY. Mr. President, I desire to
notice a very singular remark that fell from the
| Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Clat.J He de-
I clares that it would be incompatible with a sense
: of propriety for the opponents of this bill to defeat
1 it. This remark comes from a friend of the bill, who
j himself commenced the debate upon it. It comes
; from one who has occupied his full share of the
| time of the Senate in the discussion of the merits
j of the bill. And now, after the friends of the bill
have had an opportunity of expressing their views
upon the subject fully, we are to be told that it is
factious for those who are opposed to it in its
present shape to indicate the grounds of their op-
position, and that the responsibility of a defeat will
not rest upon those who are compelled to pass it
in its present shape. The bill comes late from the
House, as all appropriation bills do, and I appeal
to the Senate that we have not had time to consider
' and examine it. And why not? Why, nearly a
1 week was consumed in a debate upon a message
| of the President of the United States; and are we
! to be told by those who occupied at least their full
share of that debate, and consumed the time of
the Senate, that those who feel it their duty to ex-
press their views upon the merits of this bill, are
factious if they take an opportunity to do so ? On
Saturday I forbore to express my opinion upon
this bill, because I would not be chargeable with
consuming any time in the debate; but if it is tap
ken up, and is brought under consideration, I shall
feel it my duty to express concisely, but with no
ihctious spirit, the reasons why I shall oppose it
in its present shape.
The question being takdn by yeas and nays oa
postponing all prior orders for the purpose of ta-
lcing up the bill, it was carried, as.followa:
TEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badgter, Baldwin, BelK Bor-
land, Bright, Cass, Cliase, Clay, Cooper, Davis of Massa-
chusetts, Dickinson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of iowa,
Ewing, Felcb, Greene, Jones, Mangum, Miller, Pratt, Sew-
ard, Shields, Smith, Spruance, Underwood, Upham, Wales,
Walker, and Whitcomb—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Berrinn, Bradbury, Butler, Clarke, Clem-
ens, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson, Downs, Foote, Gwin,
Hale, Hamlin, Houston, Hunter, King, Mason, Morton,
Norns, Pearce, Rhett, Busk, Soul*, Sturgeon, Tijrney, aad
Yulee—35.
So the bill making appropriations for the im-
provement of certain rivers and harbors was taken
up for consideration, the question pending being
on the amendment offered by Mr. Foote to in-
crease the appropriations for the Illinois and Ten-
nessee rivers from (50,000 to $100,000 eaeh.
Mr. NORRIS called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Berrien, Clemens, Dawson,
j Foote, Houston, Rusk, and Turney—8.
NAYS—Mew*. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Boriand, Brad-
bury, Bright, Cass, Chase, Clarke, Clay, Cooper, Davis Of
| Massachusetts, Davis of Mississippi, Dickinson, Dodge of
Wisconsin, Dodgs of Iowa, Douglas, Ewing, Felcb, Greens,
Hale, Hamlin, Hunter, Jones, Mangum, Miller, Morton,
Pratt, Seward, Shields, Smith, Spruance, Sturgeon, Under-
wood) Upbam, Wales, Walker, and Whitcomb—38.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MORTON. The Legislature of Florida,
' at its last session, adopted resolutions instructing
the Senators and requesting the Representatives Of
that State to procure an appropriation for the im-
provement of the Chepola river, in the State of
Florida. In obedience to these instructions, I
move to amend die bill by inserting after line 139,
" For the removal of obstructions to the naviga-
tion of the Chepola river, below the town of Ma-
rianna, in the State of Florida, $5,000." With-
out any discussion on the merits of the amend-
ment, I simply ask the yeas and nays on its
adoption.
1 The yeas and nays were ordered,
j Mr. BALDWIN. I would inquire of the Sen-
: a tor from Florida whether there has been any es-
timate made by the proper Department for this
I work?
I Mr. MORTON. Not that I know. While
i Florida was a Territory several appropriations
, were made for the improvementof the riverby the
General Government; but since it has become a
State no appropriation has been made, no esti-
i mates have been presented by the Department,
1 and no survey of tne river has been made.
I [A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Youwo, their Clerk, ari-
j nouncing that the House had disagreed to some
1 and agreed to other amendments of the Senate to
House bill No. 438, making appropriations for
the service of the Post Office Department for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1852.]
The question was then taken on Mr. Morton'i
amendment, and resulted as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Berrien, Clarke, Cleneas, Dawson
Foote, Houston, Morton, Nonis, Rusk, and SoulJ—9.
NAY8—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Bor-
land, Bradbury, Bright, Cass, Chase, Clay, Cooper, Davis
— .... ~ ■—■ Dickinson, Dodge of
" Greene, Hale,
   Pratt, Rantoul,
Sebastian, Seward, Shields, Smith, Spruance, Sturgeon.
Underwood, Upbam, Wales, Walker, Whitcomb, aad
Yulee—39.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HAMLIN. I propose to amend the bill
by adding at the end of it the following:
" For the erection of piers at Fort Washington, in the
State of Wisconsin, $90,000."
" For the completion of the stone pier on the eastern
side of the channel at the entrance of Kennebunk river and
for the repair of the wharf erected by the United States,
410,000."
These were matters which were submitted to
the Committee on Commerce, and by the commit-
tee they were referred to the Department, and they
were recommended by the Department as worthy
the action of Congress. Estimates for them were
made and furnished to the committee. I think I
