1851.)
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
35*
31st Cong 2d Sess. Rivers and Harbort—Ntssrt. Bradbury, Hunter, Seward, Foote, fyc.
Senate.
soon involve as in a debt that will swell to a mag-
nitude equal to that which now oppresses the |
laboring classes of England. It is proposed to
be^iu this system now, for it is idle to talk of a
time for payment, when in a time of prosperity
and peace we so greatly swell our expenditure be-
yond our income.
The amendment which I propose will authorize
the expenditure this year, next year, or the follow-
ing year, whenever we hare anything to appropri-
ate, and it proposes to withhold all expenditure
until that time shall arrive when we can get the
means without borrowing. This is the issue which
1 desire to present, and I wish to say one word to
the friends of the Union, whose voices we have
heard so loud of late. It has been a maxim in
some countries that a national debt is a national
blessing, because it tends to cement and strengthen
•he Government. In this country it is precisely
the reverse. A great national debt would be an
element of discord and disunion. When the
masses are burdened with a great national debt, it
will present one of the strongest reasons for break-
ing up, for escaping from that Government which
thus burdens the labor of the country. I venture
the declaration that in no mode that could be de-
vised would the object of disunion be better accom-
plished than by burdening the labor of a country
with a great and pressing debt.
Mr. President, it is not my purpose to enter
fully into the discussion of this subject. I avoid-
ed the discussion on Satarday, because I was un-
willing to consume any time. I was prepared to
vote against the bill as it is .unless it was allowed
to be amended. The friends of the bill occupied
much time in thediscussion. Still I desire to state
concisely, for I will not be charged with unneces-
sarily occupying the time of the Senate, a few of
the reasons why this bill in its present shape can-
not have my vote. It was sent here too late to
allow us an opportunity to examine it and disc rim- i
mute in regard to those works which had merit
and those which had not. We ought not to be
pressed at this lute hour of the session to enter
upon such a bill as this. If the real friends of in-
ternal improvements to limited and national ob-
jects desire that such works should be accom-
plished, they should not sgend us at such a late hour
a bill of the character now before us. There nre
many appropriations contained in this bill for
whicn I would willingly vote. I understand it to
be settled by the usage and practice of the Gov-
ernment, that we can lawfully ipake appropria-
tions for national objects, for the improvement of
harbors, harbors of refuge, and other harbors of
a national character, and for the improvement of
those rivers where the work is of a character of
sufficient importance to merit the designation of,
national. Where such an improvement can be
made, according to my views, it can as well be
made upon the Western waters as upon the At-
lantic coast. I would as cheerfully vote for im-
provements upon the lakes as I would for improve-
ments up the Atlantic coast. But this bill is not
restricted to national objects. It is, as it stands,
the revival of that old system in the most obnox-
ious form which was strangled,as was supposed,
several years ago by the veto of President Jack-
son. I was not surprised to hear the Senator from
Kentucky express his admiration of the bill when
he suggested that we should take it and adhere to
it just as a man should adhere to his wife. But I
am surprised to find that it is attempted to be
pressed upon us under circumstances which forbid
those who desire to discriminate from selecting
those works which are national in their charac-
ter.
The bill as it stands proposes a system of inter-
nal improvements. Now, I hear many declare
that they are opposed to a genera] system of inter-
nal improvements. This is a general system of
the most obnoxious character. It proposes im-
provements from the north to the south, from the
east to the west. It embraces eighty-eight distinct
items of improvement. It embraces improvements
for rivers, improvements for harbors, and for vari-
ous purposes sufficiently comprehensive to be des-
ignated as a system. It does not leave etch item
to stand upon its own merits; and if it can com-
mand the judgment of Congress that it is national
in its character, it is to be passed. But it combines ■
various measures, and we hear it declared by Sen- (
a tors who say they will vote for it, that it compri-
ses many items which they think erroneous. Now,
is not that a "system" which attempts to drag
along items of expenditure which are admitted to
be wrong by the strength of those which are proper? !
If it is not a system, pray tell me what designation
it can receive.' Upon what principle is this sys-
tem, as presented in the bill, founded? It is not a
system having the merit of being founded upon
the nationality of the objects. It is a system
founded upon political influences. Is it not a well-
considered system, presented by the Administra-
tion after the usual surveys; but this is a system
got up in a committee room, where the inquiry is
not whether the work is national, but how many
votes will be secured by the addition of this item,
how many votes will be lost by striking out that.
It is, then, a system founded upon the most ob-
jectionable principle.
The bill comprises items for which there is no
estimate. It comprises items for which there has
been no survey. 1 would like to know if any
Senator can undertake, even by conjecture, with-
out estimate and survey, to tell the magnitude of
appropriations to which this bill will lead. This
is but the commencement. The object of the sur- .
vey was welt defined by the distinguished Senator
from Michigan [Mr. Cass] the other day. A
survey enables the Department and Congress to
judge whether a particular, work is of sufficient im- ;
portance to merit the expenditure proposed. Now
we may commence the expenditure of #10,000 upon
a work which will cost a million, and yet be of
trivial importance. Will any one undertake to
predict the millions which it will require to com-
plete the eighty-eight distinct works which are
named in this bill ? Can any one limit it to one,
to ten, to a hundred millions? Not at all. No
one can undertake to saT, as for a considerable
number of these works there is no estimate of the
expenditure which will be required to complete
them. We cannot predict the millions that will be
required to carry out these works when we com-
mence them, and we know the argument next year
will be stronger than this, because it will be said that
the money which we have appropriated will be
thrown away unless we go on. Why, then, plunge
into this piece of extravagance without any check
or limit? Why not wait until we have a bill pre-
sented where we can see the extent to which we
are called upon to go? Why press it at this par-
ticular time? Is there any such pressing necessity
that we cannot go on until another session without
this bill, when such a project may be deliberately
considered, and such works as can receive the
support of Senators who do not deny the power of
Congress to make appropriations for national ob-
jects be included in a bill? Why is this bill jWessed
now at this late hour, when it is known and
avowed that it contains many items which itought
not to contain, and when we cannot pretend to
know the result, or how far we may be called upon
to eo?
The bill appropriates nearly two millions and a
half of dollars; it appropriates a much larger sum
than has been indicated by the Administration itself.
The recommendation was for about a million and
a half, and Congress undertakes to add almost a
million to the amount proposed by the Adminis-
tration. From 1827 up to the present time I think
the whole expenditure for works of this character
was something like $8,000,000, making an average
for the whole time of about $350,000 a year, and
making an average of something like half a mil-
lion of dollars if we do not take into account those
years during which no appropriations of this char-
acter were made.
Now we propose not merely to take the ordi-
nary average when appropriations of this kind
were made, but to appropriate five or six times
the amount. We propose now to appropriate an
amount much greater than that which, was pro-
posed when the Treasury was overflowing. In
1837, when there were overflowing revenues, the
amount appropriated was only between one and
two millions; now it is proposed to appropriate
between two and three millipns. If the friends of
this bill, if the friends of improvements of this
character would well consider the subject, it does
appear to me they would be content to lay this
bill aside, and at another session present a bill
which had been well considered—present a bill
which should not contain the objectionable fea-
tures which this presents, and not step so far be-
yond the estimates presented by the_ Admin-
istration; and not attempt to crowd it through
without an opportunity for amendment or consid-
eration. We can well sfly that the fault is not
with this body, for the bill came late here, and
what little time there was when we might have had
an opportunity to consider it, was occupied by the
discussion of a message lately received from the
President. We are called upon to act on this bill
now, and the declaration is made to those who op-'
pose it, that they are to be regarded as factious for
expressing the grounds of their dissent, when it is
well known that the friends of this bill occupied
very fully the time of the Senate on Saturday, ih!
undertaking to discuss its merits and press it upon
the consideration of Congress.
I think it is perfectly obvious that there ar£
many who will have objections, and will feel the
necessity of expressing their dissent to the bill,
and that it cannot pass for a long time yet to
come. 1 hope that the friends of this measure—a
measure so ill digested, a measure for the discus-
sion of which no time has been afforded, a meas-
ure Which is but the commencement of a system
that is to lead to ait enormous expenditure, a'
measure which iB to commence plunging the coun-
try in debt, and laying the foundation of a national
debt never to be paid—will pause and press it no
longer; but that they will afford an opportunity
for the ordinary appropriation bills necessary to
carry on the Government to pass. If they'do not,
the responsibility must fall upon them.
Mr. President, I would like to enter into th«f
discission of this subject, but I will not do so,
because I will not be chargeable with taking up one
half of the time which has been occupied by some
of the friends of this bill in urging its merits.
Mr. HUNTER. I must make one more effort
to have the appropriation bills considered. I there-
fore move to lay this bill on the table.
<VTr. SEWARD. I ask for the yeas and nays;
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being
taken, resulted as follow:
VEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Bradbury, Butler, Clarke,
Clemens, Davis of Mississippi. Dawson, Downs, Foote,
Gwin, Hale, Hamlin, Houston, Hunter, King, Mason, Mor-
ton, Norris, Rhett, Busk, Soule, Sturgeon, Turney, and
Yulee—24. ,
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin. Pell, Borland, Bright,
Cass, Chaise, Clay, Cooper, Davis of Massachusetts, Dick-
inson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Ewing, Felch,
Greene, Jones, Manguiu, Miller, Pratt, Rantoul, Seward,
Shields, Smith, Spruance, Underwood, Upham, Wales,
Walker, and Whitcomb—30.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. BERRIEN rose, when his name was called,
and stated that he had paired off on all the test
questions with the honorable Senator from New
Jersey, [Mr. Dayton,] who had been called home
by a telegraphic dispatch.
Mr. FOOTE. I know how anxious gentlemen-
are on this subject; but it is obvious to all that this
bill cannot pass. There are many amendments
yet to beoftered, and many gentlemen wish to ex-
plain the reasons of their action. That being the
ease, unless some gentleman can give me a positive
assurance that the President of the United State*
will certainly convene the Senate of the United
States for executive business to-morrow, I feel
bound to move to postpone this bill, because, as
I said before, there are very important treaties to .
be acted upon.
Mr. EWING. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and, being
taken, resulted as follow: ■
YEAS—Messrs. Bradbury, Butler, Clarke, Clemens,Di-
Tis of Mississippi, Dawson, Downs, Foote, Gwin, Hale,
Hamlin, Houston, Hunter, Mason, Morton, Norris, Riiett,
Rusk, Soul«, Sturgeon, Turney, and Yulee—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Bor-
land, Bright, Chase, Clay, Cooper, Davis of Massachusetts,
Dickinson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas,
Ewing, Felch, Greene, Jones, King, Mangum, Miller,
Pearce, Pratt, Rantoul, Seward, Shields, Smith, Spruance,
1 Underwood, Upham, Wales, and Walker—3-2.
So the motion to postpone was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Maine.
1 Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I hope that amend-
, ment will be adopted. The question is now fairly
presented, whether we will create a national debt
