362
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
31st Cong 2n Sess. Rivers and Harbors—Messrs. Cass, Underwood, Rusk, Bell, fyc.
Senate.
and it contains many that are most enormously
wrong. I have contented myself with voting for
such amendments as I approved and against such
as I disapproved. I should have been glad to have
offered amendments myself, but I saw this strug-
gle going on over the bill, and it has been obvious
to me ever since the commencement of it that un-
less one or the other party gave way the bill could
not be carried through unless the appropriation
bills were lost. It seemed to be a kind of strug-
gle as to which should give way first. I have
very little sympathy for such struggles. I am in
the habit of doing what I do directly, and meeting
responsibility in the face. When this bill is ma-
tured, if it shall be matured, I will, with a very
few remarks, not exceeding five minutes, advise
the Senate of the ground I take; and whether I
will vote for it or against it, and when I do so it
will be on my own responsibility. Up to that pe-
riod I shall vote for such amendments as I deem
wise, judicious, and proper, let the consequence
be what it may, and against those which I do not
deem wise and proper. I have voted to reduce
the appropriations in the bill. I have voted against
everything that looked to increasing them. I shall
continue in that general course, because I see, and
I doubt not others will see by-and-by, a debt to be
paid that cannot be paid in glory. It will have to
be paid, like the great debt of nature, on the pre-
destined day. I therefore am opposed to appro-
priating in this bill beyond what shall be abso-
lutely necessary for the exigencies of the public
service. For that reason I vote to keep it in as
moderate a shape as possible. I am ready to vote
upon it now or at any subsequent period. I hope
this struggle may not be continued between the
two sides of the Chamber, for there is a great deal
less to be made out of such matters than we sup-
pose.
Mr. CASS. I desire to say only one word in
answer to some remarks of the honorable Senator
from Kentucky. I voted for a marine hospital at
Evansville; but there is a great difference between
appropriating millions of dollars for works of in-
ternal improvement without estimates, and appro-
priating seventy-five or eighty thousand dollars for
a marine hospital at Evansville, the general plan of
which we all understand. In relation to this, we
cannot tell how much money will be required, or
what expenditure ought to be made, unless we
have an estimate from the Department. An esti-
mate is necessary. How can the honorable Sena-
tor tell me, in all cases where there is not a survey
or an estimate as to where the improvement is to
be made, what is to be the cost? I do not believe
the honorable Senator can put his finger on the
statute-book and find an appropriation for an ob-
ject of internal improvement that has not been sur-
veyed and estimated for.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I do not wish to enter
into this discussion at all. I simply rise to state
that there are some things for which there can be
no estimate. There can be no estimate for the
Mississippi river. The thing is impossible, for it
will continue to furnish snags that ought to be re-
moved, as long as there are forests and trees along
its banks. Hence it is impossible to make an es-
timate for the improvement of that great river.
I adverted to the fact of the marine hospital at
Evansville because, at the time the amendment for
that object was offered by my friend from Indiana,
not a word was said about any estimates, and if
there were any I suppose they were such as he
mentioned to-day. I concede that. But I will
say that I never heard of an estimate for that ma-
rine hospital at the time that amendment was
offered. I hare never heard that it was indispens-
able that amendments should be based Upon esti-
mates. I have never heard of estimates being so
very requisite before. I thought it proper to make
the suggestion to the Senator from Indiana, be-
cause it did seem to me that his course in relation
to that subject, acting without estimates, was
totally inconsistent with his course on this occa-
sion.
Mr. RUSK. I understand the Senator from
Kentucky to refuse to become the mere register of
the decrees of the Departments.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I do.
Mr. RUSK. And I feel just as unwilling to
become the mere register of the decrees of the
House of Representatives. I submit upon this
whole scheme of appropriation for the Mississippi
valley, on which there are over two hundred and
fifty millions of commerce annually, and upon
which in the last three short months more than
one hundred lives were lost, that $240,000 appro-
priated for her improvement includes some of the
upper rivers; and when a proposition was made
to amend that by putting it up to $400,000, was it
the j udgment of the Senator that that was too much ?
If 1 understood him, he proceeded on a different
ground. He voted against that amendment be-
cause he thought that we should get this bill or
nothing.
There is some responsibility somewhere. Gen-
tlemen throw out the idea of responsibility. I am
not very fond of talking to others of responsibility
to be incurred, but I will say that gentlemen will
find themselves mistaken when they vote away
money for the Mississippi valley, as a mere polit-
ical thing. They will find the people will not
think so much of it as they suppose. This is one
of the objections I have to this bill, that the re-
sponsibility is political. It is to be made a political
hobby before the people. I desire, when I vote
money out of the Treasury for internal improve-
ments, to vote it to such objects as deserve it. I
am just as unwilling to become the register of the
decrees of the committee of the House of Repre-
sentatives against my own judgment, and against
my own convictions of right and justice, as the
Senator from Kentucky is to become the regis-
ter of the decrees of the Departments. What is
$240,000 to be expended in the improvement of the
Mississippi valley ?
Mr. BELL. It is as much as they can spend
in one year.
Mr. RUSK. It will do no good, and those who
know that great valley are doing wrong when they
think it a matter upon which to build a political
scheme, or any other sort of a scheme. It is large
enough, extensive enough, and important enough
to stand upon its own bottom, and go through
Congress on its own bottom or sink.
The question being taken on the amendment of
Mr. Hale to the amendment of Mr. Bradburv,
resulted:
TEAS—Messrs. Chase, Douglas, Hale, and Walker—4.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison; Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Ber-
rien, Borland, Bradbury, Bright, Butler, Cass, Clarke, Clay,
Clemens, Cooper, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Missis-
sippi, Dawson, Dickinson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of
Iowa, Downs, Ewing, Felch, Foote, Greene, Hamlin,
Houston, Hunter, Jones, King, Mangutn, Mason, Miller,
Morton, Norns, Pearce, Pratt, Rusk, Sebastian, Seward,
Shields, Smith, Soule, Spruance, Sturgeon, Turney, Un-
derwood, Upham, Wales, Whitcomb, and Yulee—51.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
: jected.
The question then recurred on the amendment
j of Mr. Bradbvrt.
j Mr. CLEMENS asked for the yeas and nays
upon it, and they were ordered; and, being taken,
resulted:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Berrien, Bradbury, Bright,
I Butler, Cass, Clemens, Daris of Mississippi, Dawson,
Dickinson, Douglas, Downs, Felch, Foote, (iwin, Hamlin,
Houston, Hunter, King, Mason, Morton, Norns, Rhett,
Rusk, Soule, Sturgeon, Turney, Whitcomb, and Yulee—
29.
1 NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Borland, Chase,
, Clarke, Clay, Cooper, Davis of Massachusetts, Dodge of
Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Ewing, Greene, Hale, Jones,
Mangum, Miller, Pearce, Pratt, Rantoul, Sebastian, Sew-
ard, Shields, Smith, Spruance, Underwood, Upham,
Wales, and Walker—29.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. FOOTE. It is nearly half-past three
o'clock. We are human beings; we must eat;
we must refresh ourselves. I move that the Sen-
ate take a recess until five o'clock.
Mr. DICKINSON. Some of us dine at five
o'clock. Say six o'clock.
Mr. CLAY. I hope we will take no recess.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair cannot receive
the proposition while this bill is pending.
Mr. HALE. Such a motion was received a
few days ago.
Mr. FOOTE. I will move to suspend the fur-
ther consideration of this bill for that purpose.
Mr. CLAY. If there is no other amendment,
I hope the bill will now be reported to the Senate.
Mr. YULEE. I have an amendment to offer.
Mr. HUNTER. Is it not in order to submit a
motion for a recess at any time? Such has been
the practice in the House of Representatives.
The PRESIDENT. Not when a subject is be-
fore the body.
Mr. FOOTE. Then I move to postpone the
further consideration of this bill till six o'clock
this evening.
Mr. WALKER. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yens and nays were ordered.
Mr. FOOTE. I do not think my constituents
will blame me for eating my dinner.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. 1 wish to inquire of the
Chair whether, if we take a recess, this same sub-
ject will come up as a matter of course when we
reassemble?
Mr. BELL. You will never reach it again.
The PRESIDENT. A recess being taken by
consent of the Senate, it will come up again; but,
if the motion to postpone be agreed to, it will re-
quire a motion to take up the bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the motion to postpone, it resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Berrien, Bradbury, Butler,
Clemens, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson, Downs, Foote,
Hale, Hamlin, Houston, Hunter, King, Mason, Morton,
Norns, Rhett, Rusk, Soul£, Sturgeon, Turney, and Yu-
lee—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Borland, Bright,
Chase, Clarke, Clay, Cooper, Davis of Massachusetts,
Dickinson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas,
Ewing, Felch, Greene, Jones, Mangum, Miller, Phelps,
Pratt, Rantoul, Sebastian, Seward, Shields, Smith, Spru-
ance, Underwood, Upham, Wales, and Walker—32.
So the motion was rejected.
Mr. BUTLER. Do I understand the Chair to
decide that it is not in order to move for a recess
at any time ?
The PRESIDENT. When a subject is under
debate, no motion can be made but to adjourn, to
lie on the table, to postpone, to recommit, or to
amend.
Mr. BUTLER. I regard a recess as a tempo-
rary adjournment.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will read the
11th rule. It is :
" When a question Is under debate, no motion shall be
received but to adjourn, to lie on the table, to postpone
indefinitely, to postpone to a day certain, to commit, or to
amend; which several motions shall have precedence in
the order they stand arranged, and the motion for adjourn-
ment shall always be in order, and be decided without de-
bate."
Mr. BUTLER. If a motion can be made to
postpone to a day certain, there is much more rea-
son why a motion may be made to postpone to
an hour certain.
The PRESIDENT. That has been tried.
Mr. BUTLER. I speak of a recess as a mat-
ter of necessity. Every legislative body must take
some recess for the purpose of restoring the ani-
mal system of its members. It is a thing incident
to every parliamentary body. Believing that we
have the power to take a recess at any time, I
appeal from the decision of the Chair.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair has decided
that the motion to take a recess could not be made,
according to the rule, while this bill was under
consideration. From that decision the Senator
from South Carolina appeals. The question is,
Shall the decision of the Chair be sustained ?
Mr. MANGUM. For twenty years the decis-
ion of the Chair has been the uniform practice of
the Senate.
Mr. BUTLER. A motion to adjourn is al-
ways in order; and a recess is but a temporary
adjournment.
The decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. DAWSON. I rise to a question which I
consider one of privilege. There is a mistake in
the vote taken on the last amendment of the Sen-
ator from Maine, [Mr. Bradbury.] A gentleman
is recorded as having voted who did not vote.
Several Senators. It is too late to question
the call now.
Mr. BERRIEN. My colleague suggests to the
Chair, and through the Chair to the Senate, that
there is an error in the record of our proceedings.
The answer is, that it is too late to correct it. I
inquire of what use is the reading of the Journal
each morning, if it be not for the purpose of as-
certaining whether these proceedings are correctly
recorded? If it be in our power to correct the
Journal on the day succeeding that when an error
is committed, it surely must be in our power to do
so on the same day. I maintain, therefore, not
knowing the fact which my colleague states, that,
if it be tru* that an individual's name is recorded
