1651.}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
80S
31st Cong 2d Sess. Rivers and Harbors—Messrs. Butkr, Atchison, Hunter, Rusk, fyc. Senate.
of Charleston, South Carolina, of |35,000. It
has been suggested that perhaps the improvement
of that channel would injure instead of benefiting
those whom it is intended to benefit. Unless the
Senator from South Carolina can explain the mat-
ter satisfactorily I shall move to strike out the ap-
propriation. I would state that 1 have no preju-
dice at all against the gallant State of South
Carolina. I respect that State; I respect her rep-
resentatives on this floor; but I make this motion
because it has been suggested to me that it would
injure the harbor at Charleston. If that is the
case, I doubt not that the Senators from South
Carolina will acquiesce in it.
Mr. BUTLER. It would be more particularly
the province of my colleague to attend to what
relates to Charleston and Hog Island channel,
which is in the harbor of Charleston. I do not
know whether the proposed improvement would
or would not interfere with the harbor of Charles-
ton, but I know that it is considered that there
is a better channel than the one now used, and
this is to make an experiment to open a chan-
nel by Hog Island and introduce the shipping
into the city by that channel. If my fnena
from Missouri chooses to move to strike out
the appropriation I shall make no objection, be-
cause I am opposed to the bill altogether, and it
makes no difference to me what is in it and what
is out of it. Twenty-five thousand dollars has
been thrown out as a bait for South Carolina for
the imprpvement of Hog Island channel; and as
the Tennessee river has been retained in the bill,
I do not see why Hog Island channel is not quite
as important as that river. As Moses said before
he left Egypt, I do not know but it is better to
borrow the jewelry pretty freely before we go.
[Laughter.] On the whole, I think we had better
allow the appropriation to remain.
Mr. ATCHISON. I really do not know which
side the Senator from South Carolina takes. His
speech is of a very indefinite character. If he ob-
jects to the amendment, if he thinks the appropri-
ation ought to be retained in the bill, I will with-
draw the amendment. If he thinks the appropri-
ation ought to be stricken out, I shall decline with-
drawing the motion.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not know anything about
it.
Mr. ATCHISON. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. HUNTER. There are many here, but 1
am not one of them, who believe that the session
terminates at twelve o'clock to-night. If that be
so, we have only some seven hours left in which to
consider the appropriation bills, which involve
some thirty or forty millions. It is perfectly ob-
vious that this bill cannot pass without further
propositions to amend and farther debate. I think
we ought to try once more and see whether the
Senate will not take up the appropriation bills. As
the matter will be very much in the power of the
House of Representatives, there will be no time to
submit amendments of great importance to the
appropriation bills. We have but two alternatives:
to take up appropriation bills now, or have an ex-
tra session. 1 therefore move to lay this bill on
the taUe, and on that motion I ask the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being
taken, resulted as follow:
TEAS—Menre. Bradbury, Butler, Clemens, Davis of
HWi|ifi, Damon, Downs, Foote, Hale, Hamlin, Hous-
ton, Hunter, King, Mason, Morton, N orris, Rusk, Sool£,
and Sturgeon—IB-
NATff—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Borland, Bright,
Cass, Chase, Clarke, Clay, Davis of Massachusetts, Dick-
inson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Ewing, Felch,
Creene, Jones, MiUer, Phelps, Pratt, Ran tool, Seward,
Shields, Smith, Spruance, Underwood, Wales, Walker,
and Whiteomb—SS.
So the motion was not agreed to.
. Mr. RUSK. I move to amend the bill by adding
the following:
" For the improvement of Galveston and Matagorda bays,
S30.000 each. For the improvement of the navigation of
meTrinitjr, Brasos, and Sabine rivers, in the Stste of Teias,
#30,000 each."
I ask the yeas and nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FOOTE. I have been in Galveston, and
have several times heard a great deal about the bar
at that place. Theif has been much dispute about
the depth of wat£r on that bar. I presume no one
is so well acquainted with the subject as the Sena-
tor from Texas and his colleague. I should like
to hear the Senator explain his amendment.
Mr. RUSK. I shall not detain the Senate but
a moment. The appropriation that is in the bill
for Texas is made upon the recommendation of a
military officer to save money in transportation
to supply the troops which the Government have
in that neighborhood. This object is but peurtially
accomplished.
There is an obligation upon the United States
by the treaty to restrain the Indians from commit- |
ting depredations on Mexico. They are daily
committing these depredations in direct violation
of the treaty. There is certainly an obligation to
protect the frontier against the expeditions of the
marauding Indians which your policy has forced
upon us. Day after day, week after week, our
citizens are scalped and their property sacrificed to
the rapacity of these Indians by the policy of the 1 j
United States in forcing them on the State of j,
Texas. We are voting millions out of the Treas- |
ury of the United States, and without any guaran-
tees whatever. Lines may be drawn around the j
frontier of Texas so as to keep off these Indians [
and protect the people. At present the settlements j
protect the troops, not the troops the settlements, j
Mr. FOOTE. I feel bound to say that after the ;
explanation of the Senator from Texas, and some
little knowledge myself of the peril of navigating
the coast of Texas, and knowing many accidents
which have occurred there of a most serious char-
acter, and having seen indications of shipwreck, I j
shall support this amendment with the greatest I
pleasure. I must say that in my own opinion, if
the Senate are at all inclined to do justice to that
rising part of the world called Texas, this appro-
priation ought at once to be made.
Mr. GWIN. I wish to make an inquiry of the
Chairman. I wish to know if a Senator person-
ally interested in property at Matagorda bay would
have a right to vote on this amendment? I want
to know if the Senator from Mississippi is not
personally interested* in the improvement of Mat-
agorda bay? If so, I do not think he has a right
to vote.
Mr. FOOTE. I admit that I am part owner of
an island lying in the bay, and of some land just
above.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Norru in
the chair.) The Chair will submit the question to
the Senate.
Mr. GWIN. I withdraw the point.
Mr. JONES. I wish to say that I shall not
vote on this question, as 1 have paired off with the
Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Downs,] an oppo-
nent of the bill.
The question being taken on the amendment,
by yeas and nays, resulted as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Clemens, Foote, Houston, Morton,
Rusk, Soule. and Turney—7.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Borland, Brad-
bury, Bright, Chase, Clarke, Clay, Cooper, Davis of Mas-
sachusetts, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Ewing,
Felch, Greene, Hale, Hamlin, King, Miller, Phelps, Pratt,
Rantoul, Seward, Shields, Smith, Spruance, Sturgeon,
Underwood. Upbam, Wales, Walker, and Tolee—33.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SOULE. Mr. President, I move to insert
the following amendment, to come in at the end of
the bill:
" For deepening the passes of the month of the Missis-
sippi river, $130,UOO."
I wish it to be known that I was of the minority
who, in committee, voted against reporting this i
bill to the Senate. I pride myself in belonging to I
that school of strict constructionists who deny the j
General Government the "right of applying any j
portion of the public treasure to such improve- 1
ments as are not of a national character, ana such
as may be included within those implied powers
necessary to carry out an express constitutional
grant. I would willingly accept as the basis of my
creed, and as my rule of action with respect to the
grave measure in debate, the doctrine laid down in
Mr. Polk's celebrated veto message. What opin-
ions he there expressed, I adopt as my own, and .
nothing can ever induce me to depart from the j
principles on which they are predicated. When-
ever the provisions of this bill shall be restrained
to such improvements as are either sanctioned by
the constant practice of the Government from its
institution to this day, or fall clearly within the
sphere of such works as are necessary to carry
out a great national object pointedly contemplated
by the framers of the Constitution, I will give it
my earnest and cordial support. But, I am de-
termined to go no further; and, moreover, to ex-
ert all my powers and my energies to prevent
others from transgressing that line, which I con-
sider is carrying as far as they can be safely car-
ried the limits of fair constitutional construction.
In presenting this amendment, I feel assured that
I remain within the strict rule which I have just
laid down. It provides for an improvement of no
sectional import, whose character will not be de-
nied to be such as must remove all constitutional
scruples. It but seeks to carry out the intentions
of the National Legislature, as conveyed through
the appropriation made at the last session, in order
that surveys might be made,wind the question de-
cided whether or not the passes at the mouth of
the Mississippi could be so deepened as to afford
a safe and easy entrance into, and egress from
that river, to vessels drawing upwards of eighteen
feet of water. Well, the survey has been made,
and I hold in my hand an able, comprehensive,
and most luminous report on the practicability of
the work for which this appropriation is asked.
And, as I could not lay before the Senate views
more in point, and more condensed than those pre-
sented in that report, I desire permission to use it
in lieu of the speech which otherwise I would feel
compelled to deliver, and to have it read from the
desk of the Secretary.
The Secretary proceeded to read the report.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I move to dis-
pense with the reading of the paper.
Mr. FOOTE. I do not think we can vote un-
derstanding]^ without hearing it read.
Mr. SOULE. I hope the motion of the Senator
from Massachusetts will not prevail. That report
was ordered to be printed by the Senate, and I do
seriously consider that, unless the report be read,
it is impossible that Senators can vote understand-
ingly on the amendment.
Mr. BADGER. I rise to a question of order.
I understand a question is raised as to the reading
of that paper, which must be decided without de-
bate.
Mr. FOOTE. I rise to a point of order also.
1 understand the Senator from Louisiana to have
stated distinctly that he simply wished this docu-
ment read as a part of his speech. Therefore, I
think the Senator from Massachusetts is not in
order in moving to dispense with its reading.
Mr. BADGER. I object to it, and that brings
up the question.
Mr. SOULE. I give notice that the motion, if
it prevail, will have no effect, for I am determined
that the Senate shall understand the matter; and if
the report be not read by the Secretary, I shall
read it myself.
Mr. BADGER. The Senator has Bo more right
to read it himself than to have it read.
Mr. FOOTE. I call for the yeas and nays on
the motion to dispense with the reading.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, bang
taken, resulted as follow:
TEAS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Bright, Chase,
Clarke, Clay, Cooper, Davis of Massachusetts, Dodge of
Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Ewing, Greene, Miller, Pearce,
Phelps, Rantoul, Siuith, Spruance, Underwood, Upham,
and Walker—22.
NATS—Messrs. Borland, Butler, Cass, Clemens, Daw-
son, Dickinson, Felch, Foote, Gwin, Hale, Houston, Hun-
ter, Mason, Morton, Norris, Rhett, Rusk, Sebastian, Sew-
ard, SonU, Sturgeon, Turney, and Tulee—23.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The Secretary proceeded to read the docu-
ment, and having read some time—
Mr. PHELPS rose and said: I would recom-
mend to the Senate to have the residue of the doc-
ument read after our adjournment, and I make a
motion to dispense with the further reading at this
time. , , .
Mr. FOOTE. Is that motion in order ?
Mr. PHELPS. No one listens to it. *It can
be read as well and as profitably after the 4th of
March as now.
Mr. FOOTE. A proposition was made to dis-
pense with the reading, and it was voted down.
Mr. COOPER. This is a motion to dispense
with the further reading.
Mr. FOOTE. A portion of it had been read
before, when the motion was made to dispense
with the reading. This is the same proposition-,
