1851.)
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB&
SOT
31st Cong 2d Sess. Riven and Harbors—Messrs. Davis Mist., Mason, Morris, fyc, Senati.
vision has been appealed from by the Senator from.
Mississippi, and thai is the question now before
the Senate. The Senator from Virginia must first
move to lay the question of appeal on the table,
and then it will be in order to move to lay the
whole subject on the table,
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. It haa been so
long since the decision of the Uhair was given that
I presume Senators have lost sight of it. I take
no especial interest in the question. I shall not
take issue whether the remainder of the paper
shall be read or not. There were only, two or
three pages left, and it might have been read and
re-read while we have been arguing whether it
should be read or not. I take but little interest in
the question of reading, because I hare read the
document myself, and presume most others have.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will ask the
Senator from Virginia to state his motion.
Mr. MASON. It was to lay the bill on the
table.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I trust I have
nothing so peculiar in my mdde of stating the sub-
ject. I was about to withdraw the appeal which I
had taken. The Senate have discussed the ques-
tion of reading the document until the whole sub-
ject is dead. If the reading were to commence at
the point where it was interrupted, no one could
establish the connection between the portion which
has been read and that which remains. The ob-
ject, therefore, in calling for the reading is lost by
the motion of the Senator from Vermont. I have
no desire to have it read after it has been broken
off. I wanted it read in connection, when the few
pages which were.left would be in connection
with what had gone before. I have now no inter-
est in having it read, .as that object has been de-
feated.
Mr. NQRRIS. At the time the reading was
suspended, when the Senator framMisaissippi took
his appeal, the yea* aad nays were ordered on.
that question. I had the misfortune at, that time
to occupy the chair, and I insist now that the yeas
and. nays shall be taken.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator was right in
the decision which he made. The Presiding Offi-
cer has no hesitation in saying that the decision
was strictly in accordance with the parliamentary
usage. The Senator from Vermont had a right to
move to dispense with the reading of the paper.
The yeas and nays having been ordered, they
cannot be withdrawn without the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I understand no
■uch thing. I have no idea that the present occu-
pant of the Chair understands what was the state
of the question. It was not an ordinary question
of the reading of a document which some Senator
moves to dispense with. .It was a document
which the Senate had decided should be read.
And when the reading had been recommenced and
had proceeded at some length, a Senatorarose and
moved to dispense with it. I hold that it is out of
order.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will take the
sense of the Senate upon the question. The Sen-
ate had ordered the reading of the document by a
vote of the Senate; that document was partially
read, when a Senator moved to dispense with the
further reading. It belongs to the Senate to say
whether they will dispense with the reading or not.
The question was raised whether it was proper to
make such a motion, and on the decision of the
Chair being announced that it was proper, the
Senator from Mississippi took an appeal. The
yeas and nays hare been ordered on that question,
and they cannot be withdrawn except by the unan-
imous consent of the Senate. The question is, is
the decision of the Chair correct ?
Mr. DAVlS. Before the question is taken, I
wish to put myself right. I say nothing had in-
tervened, and part only of the document had been
read, when a motion was made to dispense with
the reading of the remainder. 1 hold, that as only
a part had been read when the Senate ordered the
reading of the whole, the decision was not parlia-
mentary.
Mr. CLAY.' I think it was a parliamentary
decision. If^hen the Senator from North Caro-
lina moved fd-dispense with the reading of the
report there was up positive order to read the re-
port, but the Senate overruled the motion to dis-
pense with the reading. Sir, I hope it will be
taken down by the stenographers that the reading
of this report has occupied about one hour of the
most precious time that any deliberative body ever
had. Well, sir, the Senate overruled the motion
to dispense with the reading; and has not the Sen-
ate a right to say at any time during the progress i
of the reading of a report that they will dispense
with the further reading? This is the question: j
whether, as they refused to dispense with the read- i
ing at first, theyhaye not the right to say, after j
an hour has been spent in its reading, they will ;
dispense with the further reading of the report?
Mr. FQOTE. 1 merely wish to say, in perfect
good humor, that really it seems to me nothing '
should excite us now; for we are getting on ex-
tremely. well and very calmly. I was about to
say thai if the reporters should note the fact sug-
gested, as it would be going out of their ordinary
line to do sp, I hope they wilLalso report that the
report whiqh was refused to be read was of a very
interesting character and a very scientific one, con-
taining a vast amount of valuable instruction. I
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The Senator from ■
Kentucky, [Mr. Clay,] for the second time i  this
debate, assumes to lecture members of the Senate,
because of a eoursq 0f opposition to this bill, in
which I participate, tie first raised the question !
of fairpess in the assertion of a right to check the
majority by the privileges of the minority; which
involves the consideration whether the minority
are entitled to parliamentary law or not. Who
are these rules made for j. For the stronger? They
need no defence. If not for the minority, they are
waste paper. They are made—rationally, neces-
sarily mustbe made—to protect the minority in their
rights, among which not the least is the right to be
heard before they are required to vote. But now
a Senator who has wasted hour after hour in speak-
ing on petitions, on questions.of reference, and on
this bill, talks about the precious time wasted in
reading the report. Why is time so precious con-
sumed ? Because the last hours of the session are
wasted by that Senator and his trained band in
insisting upon, the further consideration of this bill.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator should not
make such remarks.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I choose to tell
the truth. That should be in order. Is it in order
for Senators to be lectured for doing what consti-
tutional opinions require ? Is it in order that the
minority, who are contending underparliamentary
rules for constitutional rights; who are resisting
what they believe to be an encroachment > upon
principles as sacred as the preservation of the
Union itself, should be rebuked because they do
not passively yield to the dictation of the majority ?
If, sir, welive under a Government of fixed law;
if the minority have rights of. which the majority
cannot justly deprive them, I ask where is the pro-
priety of holding those censurable who take ad-
vantage of the rules made for their protection?
Upon what foundation rests the claim of the ma-
jority to govern? Is it absolute? Is it a natural
right, or is it conventional? I say conventional
merely. It may be assumed by some thatTthe ma-
jority have a natural right derived from the power,
the force which belongs to them. It does not fol-
low that the majority nave the force, that they have
the power to coerce the obedience of the minority.
They may or may not have the natural right of
the stronger.- The claim here, so far as it is just,
rests upon compact. It is conventional, and being
conventional, is held subject to every limitation
and restriction which belongs to the convention.
The majority here have power to govern the mi-
nority only according to parliamentary rules—ac-
cording to the constitution and laws of the land. I
say, then, that it is unjust and offensive to arraign
the minority because they do not bow with submis-
sive neck to receive the yoke of the majority where-
ever they choose to impose it. If this.is a land of
freemen; if we are worthy of those from whom we
derive our political independence, it is not because
we are in the minority that we will sacrifice our
rights to dictation, however haughty the dictator
may be. If' we are legitimate descendants of
those who, when few and feeble, contested the au-
thority of the proudest Power upon the globe, and
staked their lives, their property, and sacred honor
on the issue, we can hardly be expected to tarnish
so feir a fame by the abandonment of unquestion-
able rights and the surrender of constitutional
opinions, to avoid the slight danger to which the
manifested displeasure exposes us.
Mr. President, for three days I have endeavored,
here, as chairman of the committee to which the
Senate referred certain questions, to report them,
back. For three days I have endeavored to report,
as amended in committee, a bill which has passed
the House and was entitled to the action of the
Senate. Each day themorning business has been
dispensed with, and a haughty majority, disre-
garding alike the usual form of proceeding and
the wishes of the.minority, have coerced the im-
mediate consideration of their favorite measure.
And now, in the expiring hours of the session,
though every appropriation bill is waiting to be
passed, we are driven on wajd by their determina-
tion to adhere to the river and harbor bill. Do
they hope that our opposition will be withdrawn
to prevent the defeat of the necessary appropria-t
tion bills? Or do they still rely on our dread of
popular censure? Sir, if I stood here alone, and
nad the power to check the passage of that bill,
though the thunderbolt of all the indignation which
has been foretold were levelled at my head, I would
meet it as the steeple meets the storm. I would
be found, if it were possible for me alone to defeat
such a corrupt scheme for plunder as this, and
leave it to others to count the cost. In this, I am
assured, is but expressed the feeling of others with
whom I am associated—those who agree with
me—that if the friends of this Administration are
willing to embarrass it; if they are willing to par'
alyze it for the future; if they are willing to drive
it to the call of an extra session—a measure which
sacrifices every Administration brought to that
necessity—Jet them do it. If we must sacrifice
our constitutional opinions in order to prevent
them from involving the country and embarrass-
ing the Governpaent, an intelligent people will as-
sign, to each-the just share of the responsibility for
whatever results may wuue, '(ft the Govern-
ment stop, if thus only the Constitution can live,
They with whom it is a measure of local benefit;
: they with whom it is a mere question of expe-
diency; they have the power to desist from this
struggle. We, with whom it is a matter of prin-
i ciple, have not. I will not, if every appropriation
bill should fail; I will not, though the functions of
the Government should be suspended, though the
Navy have to be ordered home, and the Army
disbanded, and the ships and fortifications dis-
mantled. I will not surrender the sacred princi-
ples involved, according to my belief, in the caw
as it is now made up in the Senate. It is time
that speculation based on the supposition that the
minority are alarmed at the weight of their respon-
sibility should cease, and that members should
aak themselves whether or not they are willing to
close the session without providing the means to
carry on the Government?
I said of this bill on last Saturday what I be-
lieved to be its true character. To-day I wished
to be silent. I was prepared to vote promptlv*on
amendments. But I am not, because one of those
who are not willing to let it pass as reported, to
be censured as constituting part of a factious op-
position. I stated on Saturday, I believe, that this
bill presents the question which has so long di-
vided our countrymen into two great political par-
ties. I consider that now we stand upon the
f round marked from the foundation of this Union
y political strife, the opposing theories of lati-
tudinous and strict construction. Moreover, that
we are now to meet the proposition whether, in a
time of profound peace and unexampled commer-
cial prosperity, we shall lay the foundation of a
national debt, with all its corrupting influences,
until we follow the steps of our ancestors of Great
Britain, and load the laboring masses with oppres-
sive taxation to support a favored class.
Mr. PEARCE. If the Senator from Missis-
sippi will withdraw his appeal, I will m«ve to lay
the bill upon the table.
Mr. MANGUM. Can it be withdrawn?
The PRESIDENT. The yeas and nays have
been ordered, and without general consent it can-
not be withdrawn.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I was quite will-
ing to withdraw the appeal, for the purpose of
permitting the Senator to move to lay the bill upon
the table. I am anxious that the means of supr
