370
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
31st Cong 2d Sess. Rivers and Harbors—Messrs. Butler, Soule, Downs, Bradbury, fyc.
Senate.
YEAS—Messrs. Badgar, Baldwin, Bell, Chase, Clay,
Cooper, Davis of Massachusetts, Dodge of Wisconsin, 1
Dodge of Iowa, Ewing, Felch, ureene, Hamlin, Jones,
Miller, Phelps, Pratt, Rantoul, Sebastian, Seward, Smith,
Spruance, Underwood, Upham, Wales, Walker, and Whit-
comb—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Butler, Clemens, Davis of
Mississippi, Dawson, Downs,Foote, Gwin, Houston, King,
Mason, Morton, Norris, Rhett, Rusk, Soule, Sturgeon,
Turuey, and Yulee—19.
So the further reading was dispensed with.
[A message was received from the House of
Representatives, announcing that the Speaker had
signed an enrolled bill to ascertain and settle pri-
vate land claims in the State of California; an act
to amend an act allowing compensation to mem-
bers of the Senate and House of Representatives;
an act to limit the liabilities of ship-owners, and
for other purposes; a joint resolution for the relief
of Louis Kossuth and his associates, exiles from
Hungary;joint resolution in relation to the ac-
counts of John De Neufville & Sons; and a joint
resolution in relation to widows' pensions; all
which were presented to the Senate for the signa-
ture of its President. They were respectively
signed by the President, and the Senate concurred
with the House in suspending the 17th joint rule
that they might be sent to the President.]
Mr. BUTLER. I wish to make a personal ex-
planation. In my remarks I imputed to the Sen-
ator from North Carolina the motion to suspend
the reading of the paper. I learn that he did not
make the motion originally; that he suggested that
it should not be read, but did not in fact make the
motion. So far as I have made these remarks,
therefore, they are not applicable to the Senator
from North Carolina; but, as I understand that
the Senator from Vermont made the motion, I .
beg leave to say, Aomine muiato de tefabula nar-
ratur. I
Mr. SOULE. When the reading of the report
was suspended there remained but three pages to
be gone through; and those three pages contained
the conclusions drawn from the facts established
in what preceded. Among other things recom-
mended in them was an expenditure of $130,000,
which the learned and skillful engineer considered
would be amply sufficient to enable the Govern-
ment to purchase the necessary machines and
boats to be used in the prosecution of the work,
and to complete the first deepening. An annual
expenditure of $40,000 would then be required to
keep the passes open, and to afford a channel
with a depth of twenty feet through their whole
extent.
I will not insist longer on this topic. I had an- ;
nounced, upon introducing my amendment, that I i
wbuld confine myself to the reading of the report. [
I now redeem my pledge, and consent that a vote
be taken without any further remark from me.
Mr. DOWNS. I have abstained through this ,
day from taking up any of the time of the Senate. I
I wish to avoid it, if possible; but, inasmuch as
it seems to be attempted on both sides of this
struggle to show where the responsibility ought to
lie, and as the experience of the last two days
shows that we are to do no more business, but to
talk, I think it is just as well that I should talk as 1
others. I therefore depart from that rule which I
have pursued this day and during the discussion
on this subject, and wish to offer some remarks on
this amendment. I do it because I think the
amendment just and proper; and, in addition to
that, I do it because 1 think it is a fair subject to
illustrate the character of this bill, and the manner
in which it is to be carried through.
The honorable Senator from Kentucky seems to
suppose it is unfair or presumptuous in what he ,
calls the minority to oppose this bill against the
majority. But, even admitting that there is a ma- j
jority in favor of this bill, which I do not admit, '
still the minority have rights. They have a right '
to be heard; they have a right to express the ,
reasons why they object to this bill; and they have i
a right to endeavor to perfect it as much as possi- !
ble, to avoid the evils in it. So far from Deing j
unfair on their part, it would be unfair for the ma-
jority, if they had the power, to force through
silently such a bill, without the minority having
any power to expose the enormities of the bill
itself. That is what I want to do, and it is what
I intend to do. I am inclined to think it is a very
strong argument against the bill. It shows there
is something in it which will not bear the test of |
scrutiny and examination; something in it that its
friends are not willing to expose to the public gaze,
when they have abstained through along session,
and waited until within two days of the end of the
short session, and then cut off other business and
force it upon us, so anxious are they to bring it to
a conclusion, with a sort of mechanical power.
When we have proposed to lay down this bill, for
the purpose of taking up others of great import-
ance, which it would take but a few minutes to
complete, they will not consent even to that.
They will not permit even the important postage
bill to be considered for a moment, for the purpose
of concurring in the amendments agreed to by the |
House. They will not permit it, because they i:
mean to have it all their own way. Let them have I
it, if they will. But of one thing I will assure 1
them, that so long as there is so large a minority j
this bill will not pass; nor, as the Senator from
Mississippi says, if there is but one to oppose it,
will it be passed until its enormities are exposed to
the world, at least so far as it can be done during
the little remnant of the session. It will not be
our fault if the appropriation bills are lost in con-
sequence of this course. We have repeatedly
offered, and we now offer, if you will permit
these bills to be taken up, to pass them in the
shortest possible time, as soon as they can be read
over, and then come to this bill after we get the
indispensable business of the session disposed of.
But this proposition does not suit the gentlemen;
they want to force it through, and they want the
appropriation bills to help to force it through. I
teli them this bill must fail, and the appropriation
bills must fail, and this session must close without
their being passed, if this course is pursued.
This being the position of this matter, there
could be no better illustration of the enormity of
this bill than the fact that it is attempted to force it
through now—for the idea is not only to pass the
bill but to pass it without amendment. We do
not deny them the privilege of passing it when the
other business is disposed of. They have brought
it in, and they expect us to vote for it with all its
injustice. Let me give a sample of the injustice
which is contained in the bill. This purports to
be a work for public improvements. You are told
by the Senator from Kentucky that it is necessary
for the great West—the valley of the Mississippi.
If any portion of the Union is entitled to such ap-
propriations, the valley of the Mississippi is so
entitled. But this bill begins at the wrong end.
Who ever heard before that you would begin with
the branches of the river for the purpose of im-
proving it, and leave the mouth stopped up? But
here is a bill in which the Tennessee, the Missouri,
and the Arkansas are to be improved up to their '
extreme branches, without any limit as to the ex-
tent. Without questioning the propriety of that,
we say that these improvements are comparatively
insignificant while the communication is cut off
below. We propose now—not by a proposition j
got up from considerations of local or interested '
parties; not just sprung up at the moment, but by
one in conformity with the practice of the Govern-
ment for many years—to appropriate money for a
work long ago surveyed, and to which the atten-
tion of the Government has been given for many '
years, and upon which much has been expended,
for which an appropriation was made at the last
session. Yet the friends of the river and harbor
bill expect us quietly, and without any opposition,
to take it, though we are not permitted! to make
any amendments. I should like to hear them say
that this amendment is improper; I should like to
hear the Senator from Massachusetts, whose con-
stituents take such an interest in the navigation of
the ocean and of the Mississippi, rise and say
whether it is not material that the mouths of the
Mississippi should be open, so that the hundreds
and thousands of ships that enter there may do it
with less danger than they do now. I put it to the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce, [Mr. i
Hamlin,] if the clearing out of the mouths of the
Mississippi is not of as much importance to the
ships of Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and other \
places as the clearing out of a bar at St. Louis or
at some of the harbors upon the lakes, which ex-
cited so much ridicule the other day ? Yet so long
as they can get appropriations for the East for im-
provements which they insist upon, they expect
us to vote silently and let the bill pass. That is
one objection which I have to this bill—that it is
partial in its operation, that it is gotten up without
reference to all cases. There are just enough to
carry it through, as they suppose; while others,
however just, or proper, or necessary, have the
door shut against tliem by a majority.
Mr. BRADBURY. If the Senator from Lou-
isiana will give way, I have a motion to submit,
to which I wish to call the attention of Senators on
the other side. It is that this bill shall be laid
on the table temporarily, for the purpose of action
upon the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill,
with the understanding that this bill shall be taken
up immediately upon the passage of that bill. Sev-
eral Senators opposed to the passage of this bill have
agreed with me that this bill shall be taken up
when that bill passes. I now move that this bill
may be laid on the table temporarily, not as a test
vote.
Mr. YULEE. I understand the motion is to
lay the bill on the table for a limited time.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being
taken, resulted as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Bradbury, Butler, Clemens,
Davis of Mississippi, Dawson, Downs, Foote, Hamlin,
Houston, Hunter, King, Mason, Morton, Norris, Pearce,
SouW, Sturgeon, Turney, and Yulee—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Borland, Bright,
Cass, Chase, Clarke, Clay, Cooper, Davis of Massachu-
setts, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Ewing, Felch,
Greene, Jones, Mangum, Miller, Phelps, Pratt, Rantoul,
Sebastian, Seward, Smith, Spruance, Underwood, Upham,
Wales, Walker, and Whitcomb—31.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. I ask the unanimous consent of the
Senate to suspend action for a moment upon this
bill, in order to take up the bill to reduce the rates
of postage and concur in the amendments made by
the House of Representatives.
Mr. CLEMENS. I object.
Mr. FOOTE. With the unanimous consent of
the Senate, I propose that certain bills from the
House of Representatives be taken up and passed.
They will admit of no discussion.
Mr. MANGUM. 1 would inquire what is the
question now before the Senate?
The PRESIDENT, It is the amendment of-
fered by the Senator from Louisiana to the river
and harbor bill, which proposes an appropriation
to deepen the mouths of the Mississippi river.
[A message was received from the House of
Representatives, announcing that the House had
passed Senate bill to authorize the Secretary of
War to allow the payment of interest to the State
of Georgia upon advances made by her for the use
of the United States in the suppression of hostili-
ties of the Creek, Seminole, and Cherokee Indians,
in the years 1836, 1837, and 1838.
On the motion of Mr. HUNTER, the unani-
mous consent was given to the suspension of the
17th joint rule, so as to allow the bill making ap-
propriations for navy pensions for the year ending
June 30, 1852, and the bill for the support of the
Military Academy to be sent to the President of
the United States.]
Mr. DOWNS. I take it for granted that this
amendment is really intended, as all others which
have been offered, m sincerity. But it does not
satisfy the advocates of this bill to have anything
put into it. They must have it just as it is, with
nothing more and nothing less. If you point out
the greatest absurdity and the greatest injustice,
the utter ridiculousness in any particular appro-
priation, as we have done heretofore in many pro-
visions of this bill, and the great importance of
this particular proposition, they still tell us you
must take it right or wrong; and therefore I
take it for granted that this amendment, like all
others that have been offered, is to be rejected.
Well, in closing up that account of responsibility
which the Senator from Kentucky and others seem
to invoke with regard to this measure, I intend
here, as I intend elsewhere in trying this respon-
sibility, to compare the improvements which we
offer to make in this bill, with those insignificant,
those ridiculous, those preposterous improvements
contained in the bill, and for which such large ap-
propriations are made, and for which no voice is
raised in their defence, and about which nobody
seems to know anything. I, for one, shall be
