1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
375
31st Cong 2d Sess. Rivers and Harbors—Messrs. Dawson, Houston, Walker, Gwin, fyc.
Senate.
river—and that, if the Senators who
have indulged themselves in mirth at the expense of
these places had examined the documents upon their
tables, they would have found that these two har-
bors are indispensable to the navigation upon that
broad and majestic river—that they are indispens-
able to the security of life and safety of property—
that they are useful for defence, and that one of
them constitutes the best harbor on Lake Ontario,
and the other is essential for the purpose of de-
fence, and both are connected with the commerce
of the Erie canal, which bears into the commercial
emporium of this country a larger volume of
freight than any other channel of communication,
unless it is the Mississippi; and that the commerce
to which this is tributary exceeds all the foreign
commerce of the United States. So much have
I felt myself called upon to say with respect to
these places. If there be nothing more objection-
able than this, there can be no Senator on this
While I am up I wish to say one word more in
relation to this general subject and the circum-
stances in which we find ourselves placed. Mr.
President, we who support this bill believe we
are in the right; they who oppose it believe they
are right; thus far the balance of numbers has
been on our side. I have been among those who
have been content with that advantage, and have
not opened my, mouth from the beginning of the
debate until now, and shall not open it now to
criminate the motives nor wisdom of the opponents
of the bill, nor even to defend the policy of the bill.
It is a question of opinion, one of those which is
devolved upon Congress to settle by the Constitu-
tion; it can only be settled by a comparison of
opinions and the test of the number of votes. We
have been ready any moment, and certainly with-
out questioning the motives, or sagacity, or wis-
dom of our adversaries, to come to a vote without
debate. We are now willing; it is not necessary
to be satisfied that this bill can pass; that is not
the question we are required to decide. The sim-
Ele question is to let it De determined whether the
ill can pass or not. That is the question. Let
us have the question. We have been ready. The
other side have had the advantage of debate for
two whole days. It is said that that is not enough.
Mr. President, the number of working days, or
secular days, is only seventy-eight in this session.
This bill lun had two full days for its considera-
tion, one fortieth part of the whole time of this ses-
sion. Who shall say that when the Constitution
limits this session to eighty working days, it is
unreasonable to expect both the friends and the
opponents of this bill to come to a vote after the
expiration of two days, which days have been far
prolonged into the nights?
Mr. DAWSON. I occupy a very peculiar sit-
uation in relation to this measure. I am a friend
to this Administration, a Whig, and have acted so
Uniformly. I have heard all the discussion up6n
this question, and have had my share in it to a
limited extent. The grounds upon which I stand
in relation to this measure are these: Since the
year 1844 no appropriations have been made ac-
cording to the principles of this bill. Seven years,
then, have expired since an appropriation has been
made. We had taken up the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill, and had made some progress
with it, when this bill was taken up in opposition
to that, with a declaration on the part of its friends
that this measure should be taken up against every
other measure which is before the Senate, and that
if this bill could not pass, every appropriation bill
which was requisite to sustain the operations of
this Government for the year should die. The
majority did that; and because we have opposed
it we are denounced—for what? For opposing a
bill which it was boldly announced could not have
either an i dotted or a fcrossed in it, that the whole
- of it should be swallowed, and the Senate should
be made nothing but the instrument in the hands
of the other branch of the National Legislature to
pass this measure. That was the position which
was assumed, and I opposed it. And why have I
done it? Ihave stated the reasons. It is, that
by the report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
this Government is indebted $80,000,000, and that
the appropriations for this session exceed the es-
timate* of the Secretary of the Treasury by
$10,000,000, and then this bill must be forced upon
us to increase the indebtedness of this Government,
and before we can carry on these internal improve-
ments the money must be borrowed. And because
we do not rally to the standard of those who be-
lieve a national debt to be a national blessing, we
are said to be opposed to what the best interests
of this country demand. I have taken my posi-
tion on this question, and I intend to stand upon
it. It is the course I have pursued since I entered
Congress fifteen years ago. Internal improve- i
ments for national purposes I will sustain; but
when you propose a measure which is not national
connected with those that are national, and it is
sought to pass the whole against my well-settled
judgment, I will resist it.
[By unanimous consent action was had' upon
several bills from the House, and, Mr. Davis, of
Mississippi, having made a motion that the Sen-
ate adjourn, the question was raised and discussed
as to the right of Congress to sit after twelve
o'clock.]
Mr. HOUSTON. I have just learned that the
House has almost unanimously resolved that they
will not adjourn, and that they are competent to
transact business. My own opinion is, that the
Senate will have power to sit till to-morrow at
sunset. I think if we adjourn on the fourth of
March, it is all that the Constitution requires.
Mr. WALKER. 1 believe the river and har-
bor bill is under consideration. I am one of those
who believe that the river and harbor bill and
every appropriation bill may yet be passed if we
will act up to the real principles of our form of
government. It has been the complaint of Sena-
tors who say they are in the minority on this bill
that the majority is endeavoring to force the bill
down their throats.
Mr. DAWSON. On that question I believe I
have the floor. I forbore when the question of
adjournment was proposed. i
The PRESIDENT, The Chair begs pardon.
The Senator gave way for the purpose of afford-
ing an opportunity for the Chair to sign enrolled
bills.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator from Mississippi
[Mr. Davis] made a motion to adjourn. Has tnat .
motion been put?
The PRESIDENT. He withdrew it in order
that his colleague might move to take up the reso-
lution from the House.
Mr. DAWSON. I do not wish to embarrass
the bill at all; but I wish to vindicate the position |
which I occupy. It has been said that the course
pursued by the minority here was disorganizing
in its character, and intended to defeat the appro-
priation bills, with a view to embarrass the Ad-
ministration. I deny that any man on this floor
is a. better friend of the Administration than I am; j
there is not one. We had the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill up for consideration on Friday,
and had progressed in it. When we adjourned it
remained the unfinished business; but a majority
carried the proposition to take up this bill out of
its order, and to supersede the unfinished business
of the preceding day. They placed this bill in
advance of the appropriation bills in order to force
its passage, and permitted no amendments to be
made, either to change its features as it came from
the House, or to add anything to it. Against that
I raised my voice; I interposed my objections; and ;
now they come here and say we are disorganizing i
in the tendency of our acts, when they assume the
position of forcing the Administration into the un-
pleasant extremity of calling an extra session.
Who is responsible? Not the opponents of the
river and harbor bill—not they. I appealed to the 1
Senate to take up the appropriation Dill, and then 1
take up this measure, and, if they had power, to I
pass it. I have interposed no measure to defeat
this bill. I have resorted to no parliamentary
strategy, but have voted on every question pre-
sented, and was prepared to do it until the end of
the session. But, for fear it may be said that my
object is to defeat the appropriation bill, I will de-
sist from the discussion; but I will say to the Sen-
ate now, notwithstanding any views that I may
have, 1 will sit here without opening my mouth,
and vote for the passage of every appropriation
bill, and for every measure calculated to carry on
this Government.
[At this stage much other business, having no
connection with the river and harbor bill was dis-
posed of by unanimous consent. A motion was
also made that the Senate adjourn line dit; which
was rejected.]
The consideration of the river and harbor bill
was then con tin tied.
Mr. DAWSON. I would not detain the body
by a course which is well understood here; but for
the purpose of expediting what is absolutely ne-
cessary to carry on the Government, I trust every
member of the body will concur in the motion that
I now make, to lay on the table for the present
the river -and harbor bill, for the purpose of taking
up the appropriation bills.
[At this stage of the proceeding a question was
raised as to the right of certain Senators) whose
term of office expires with the 31st Congress) to
vote. This question being disposed of, a resolu-
tion was introduced by Mr. Yulee and passed,
declaring that the present Congress does not ex-
pire by constitutional limitation until the meridian
of the 4th of March.]
The PRESIDENT. The proposition is now
to lay the river and harbor bill on the table.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted as follows:
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. MASON, when his name was called, rose
and said: The Senate having decided that this Con-
f-ess does not expire until twelve o'clock this day,
shall vote.
Mr. SOULE. 1 propose to amend the bill by
adding at the end of it the following:
. Jlnd it it further enacted, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be required to have prepared at the Treasury, and
published within ninety days after the adjournment of each
session of Congress, in the papers which print the public
laws of the United States, tabular statements containing the
following items of information, the amount of money ap-
propriated during the said session of Congress to each State
or Territory, or the citizens thereof, to wit:
First. For fortifications, arsenals, hospitals, naval or mil-
itary, and magazines.
Second. For clearing out harbors and rivers, building
light-houses, piers, breakwaters, or dredging machines.
Third. The amount of compensation allowed to mail
steamers, specifying the ports where they are registered,
and from which they ply.
Fourth. The appropriations for the reliet of citizens of
each State and Territory, on account of private claims.
Fifth. An aggregate statement of the contracts made with
the citizens of each State or Territory, fbr services, sup-
plies, or materials, specifying iiuch State or Territory.
Sixth. The amount of public lands appropriated to each
State or Territory, or the citizens thereof.
And ie it further enacted, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be required to present the said information in a
condensed form, under the specific heads of the different
States and Territories, that the people of the said States and
Territories may easily understand through such statistics
how and where the public treasure of the country is appro-
priated and expended.
Mr. EWING. I rise to a question of order.
That amendment is not in order, as it has no
connection with the subject of the bill.
The PRESIDENT. That is a question for the
Senate to decide.
Mr. SOULE. Mr. President, much has been
said during this debate about responsibility-
Mr. EWING. I rise to a point of order.
The PRESIDENT. What point ef order does
the Senator make?
Mr. EWING. I raise the point of order that
the amendment is not properly connected with the
bill.
The PRESIDENT. The amendment relates to
the appropriations contained in the bill.
Mr. EWING. Some portions of it relate to
appropriations for steamboats. There are some
portions of it that may be connected with the bill,
but I claim that the amendment itself, in all its
parts, is not germane to the bill.
The PRESIDENT. That is not for the Chair
to decide.
Mr. SOULE. I am surprised that a question
of order should be raised. What is the object of
the amendment? Why, it is to test how far that
responsibility of which so much has been said
