376
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
31st Cong Sess.
Rivers and Harbors—Messrs. Foote, Bell, and Clemens.
Senate.
during this debate, will be faced by those who
seem so willing to assume it at this moment. The
amendment has for its object to impose upon the
Treasury Department the obligation of bringing
to the notice of the people the true condition of
the country, as affected by means of appropria
tions such as those contained in this bill. And I
have no doubt that all those who have so boldly
faced to-night the consequences of this bill, will
not recede before the obligation which this amend-
ment imposes upon that Department of letting the
people know where the evil lies, and how deep it
is. That is my object.
I am ready to abide whatever share of respon-
sibility I may have assumed, and I predicated the
course which I have pursued on considerations of
expediency. I have been one of those who stood
up here in opposition to this bill, and who were
ready to the last to defeat it, by all the facilities
which could be afforded them to effect that object.
But the opposition which we have directed against
this bill being founded upon principles of consti-
tutionality, we were bound to stand up to and de-
fend those principles which we had assumed, and
to avail ourselves of every means left in our power
in or'ler to crush and bring to the ground those
items by which the bill before us is made a vehicle
of the most unblushing corruptions that were ever
attempted under a free Government. The object
of the amendment is to bring to the notice of
the people the true situation of the country with
respect to the appropriations which this bill is in-
tended to carry out, and I hope it will be adopted.
I ask the yeas and nays on the question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FOOTE. Nothing can be imagined in my
judgment more important than this amendment.
It is very ample in its provisions, and in my opin-
ion exceedingly wholesome, and would have the
most conservative effect on the legislation of this
country if adopted. The proceedings which have
been occurring here before us, and within our \
hearing for several days past, ought to have ad- 1
monished all of the imperious necessity of some
such provision as this. I do believe, from some
slight examination of such matters, from a slight
examination of history, that such proceedings as
have occurred here within the last few days have
never discredited the annals of any civilized country
before. Such an attempt as this has been long
continued in a spirit of perseverance worthy of a
better cause, to force upon a reluctant Senate this
crude, unwholesome, ill-digested, unconstitutional
f)lan of legislation, involving millions of the pub-
ic revenue, at a time when the nation is almost
hopelessly in debt and almost plunging into the
vortex of bankruptcy. This bill is brought before
us from another quarter; it is understood to be the
result of a compact based upon a regular arrange-
ment for obtaining the votes of ninety-odd mem-
bers of Congress. A pecuniary contribution is
to be bestowed to obtain votes, there being a sort
of double understanding, as the papers state to us,
that the votes shall be rendered and the contribu-
tions shall be supplied in the hope, generously en-
tertained, that the money, when thus applied to
schemes of local improvement, will have the blessed
effect of converting demagogues into great men,
and raising men who have no other means of ob-
taining standing or consequence in the country
into something like the semblance of statesmen.
I challenge gentlemen to go into the details of
this bill. There is nothing in the history of Rome,
nothing in the history of Greece, nothing in the
legislative annals of France, in ancient or modern
times, nothing in the form of legislation anywhere
upon the face of the earth, in my opinion, so
marked with enormity as this bill, which is now
thrown before us for the fraudulent diversion of
the public money from the wholesome purpose of
maintaining our institutions to the dire and dread
purpose of contaminating the public morals and
bringing degradation upon our free institutions,
and consigning to hopeless discredit a great peo-
ple, of noble origin, of lofty aspirations, who are
entitled, from what their ancestors did for them,
and from the felicitous position they occupy, to
hope that they would be able not only to transmit
with honor the institutions derived from their an-
cestors, but with increased lustre, to the remotest
posterity. This is not only proposed as a ma-
tured scheme of legislation, but it is forced upon
us in opposition to every other measure, however
imperiously necessary it may be. Gentlemen are
willing not only to impoverish the Government,
but to bankrupt it.
Gentlemen professing themselves to be support-
ers of this Administration have almost openly
avowed their willingness to stop the wheels of
Government, and to drive the President and his
Cabinet to the necessity of calling an extra session
of Congress. During the whole course of the
preceding forty-eight hours, we have suffered un-
der a sort of dictation—for it amounts to dicta-
tion—such as is well calculated to excite much
more indignation than has been expressed. Two
hours ago an honorable Senator delivered himself
of doctrine as reprehensible as the famous "higher
law." He thought it the most extraordinary
thing in the world that gentlemen should under-
take to propose amendments to this bill; and he
asked why they did not come to a vote ? The
question was reiterated by Senators around him.
The doctrine involved in that interrogatory is ex-
traordinary. It means that a bill is to be intro-
duced into a legislative body, however absurd it
may be in its provisions, however dangerous and
repugnant in its tendency, and that it must be
voted upon, but not amended. To this 1 cannot
assent. I had suppos d that when a bill was
brought in, it was the business of every man who
happened to be a member of the body in which it
was introduced to examine it. For what do we
print our bills but for the purpose of having them
examined, scrutinized, and revised ? Is it not our
duty to examine these bills? and if so, for what
purpose ? For the purpose of ascertaining whether
or not they are such bills as ought to pass in their
existing shape, or whether they are such as should
be made good by amendments. But, according
to this " higher law" doctrine of legislation, the
members of the Senate are to be absolutely limited
to an affirmative or a negative vote on a proposi-
tion. I take a very different view of legislation, i
1 deem that I am intrusted with the functions of |
legislation that I may aid in giving to the legisla-
tion of the country that wholesome efficiency with- j
out which the whole business of law making, in-
stead of being beneficial to a free people, would
be mischievous. 1
Mr. BELL. Mr. President, 1 will not say one
word upon this subject if there is a prospect of
coming to a vo te now, or if any Senator in opposition
desires to speak to the merits of the bill. I desire
to come to a decision. I beg leave to say that I
think the honorable Senator from Georgia [Mr.
Dawson] did not represent the friends of this bill
correctly and properly in stating that, when it was
moved, all the business of the session, which had
priority, was disregarded in order to take it up;
and that the friends of the bill declared their de-
termination that every other measure should fail
unless this succeeded. I heard no such announce-
ment from any friend of this measure, upon this
floor or elsewhere. All they ever asked was, that
there should be a deliberate and fair expression of
the opinion of the Senate upon the bill. Nor was
there any disposition to preclude the offering, dis-
cussion of, and voting upon amendments. If it
had been their temper to exercise such a tyranny
over the body, they had not the power; nor do I
feel that I would be doing justice to the mem-
bers of this body who favor the passage of this
bill to say that any of them had any such dispo-
sition. It has been said that this bill was made to
overlay other measures that had precedence. What
measure was it that had precedence of this bill?
Mr. FOOTE. The civil and diplomatic bill.
Mr. BELL. I ask the Secretary to state at
what time the civil and diplomatic bill was re-
ported to the Senate, and at what time this bill
was reported, so that we may know which had
precedence. I want to know which bill had pre-
cedence according to the regular order of the busi-
ness of the Senate, as set down in the calendar.
I want the Secretary to report that, and then I
want gentlemen to stand by their assertions.
Sir, this bill and the proceedings of the majority
in favor of it have been denounced in every term
that gentlemen have been pleased to inventand em-
ploy, that may characterize an improper motiveand
a vicious measure. I wish to test it by facts, and
see if the enemies of the measure can stand before
the country in this course of denunciation on the
facts of the case. They have had twenty-four
hours to expose what they call the enormities of
this bill, and I may say truly that all the friends
of this bill who have spoken have not occupied
more than two hours of that time. Some gentle-
men in opposition have spoken three and four
times, and not very briefly either, several of them
indulging a free discussion of the general princi-
ples and merits of the bill, and others a criticnl
examination of particular items. I believe the
honorable Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Dawson,]
who speaks in a toneas though he acted upon higher,
more disinterested, and more patriotic motives
than other members of the body, has honored us
with his views upon the subject twice or thrice.
He sometimes founded his suggestions and re-
marks upon the real facts of the case, but at other
times resorted freely to his fancy and imagination
to expose what he denominated the enormities,
combinations, and corrupting tendencies of the
measure—dwelling with emphasis upon the pecu-
liar circumstances under which it is brought for-
word. Gentlemen who have spoken two, three,
and four times upon the bill, have been the loud-
est in complaining that they have not had an op-
portunity of examining this bill. Why, within
the twenty-four hours during which it has been
discussed, they have had twenty-two hours to in-
vestigate the bill, not in regard to its general prin-
ciples only, but in regard to particular and selected
items, and those which, in their opinion, they
could make the most of before the country as of
questionable propriety, and not fit to be incor-
porated in the bill. I wish to know which meas-
ure had priority according to the orders and rules
of the business and proceedings of this body. I
want to hear it reported from the Chair at what tim e
this measure was introduced, and what particu-
lar measure of a public character it has been made
to overlay and exclude. Let us see whether we,
who have been listening so patiently and voting
so consistently to bring this measure to the test of
a final decision, are to be justly subjected to the
denunciations which have been heaped upon us.
Can the Secretary report at what time this bill was
presented to the Senate?
The PRESIDENT. The Secretary will state.
The Secretary. It appears from the minutes
of the Senate, that the river and harbor bill was
reported on the 25th of February.
Mr. BELL. When was it sent from the House
and referred ?
The Secretary. On the 19th of February.
Mr. BELL. When was the civil and diplo-
matic bill received from the House, and when was
it reported from the committee?
The Secretary. It appears from the signature
of the Clerk of the House of Representatives, that
the bill making appropriations for the civil and
diplomatic expenses of the Government passed the
House of Representatives on the 25th of Febru-
ary. It was referred to the Committee on Finance
on that day, and reported on the 28th February.
Mr. BELL. So the civil and diplomatic bill
was reported three days after the river and harbor
bill was reported by the committee, and notice
was given by the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Davis,] who reported it, that he
would call it up at the earliest moment. But for
his disposition not to obstruct other important
business, he would have called it up immediately.
This bill had strictly precedence or priority of the
civil and diplomatic bill. With what propriety,
then, can it be said that this measure has been
forced upon the Senate out of order, and made to
overlay other measures which were entitled to be
first taken up ?
How can honorable Senators speak of this e>s a
measure which they have had no time to investi-
gate and discuss ? The general principles of this
bill have been discussed annually for twenty years
in succession. I believe the discussion commenced
in 1824; so that for almost thirty years, in fact,
the general principles connected with this bill, and ■
their tendencies, have been familiar to every pub-
lic man in the United States. I cannot speak posi-
tively as to all the items of this bill, but most of
them are old acquaintances to the older members
of the Senate. They are familiar acquaintances
of mine for the last twenty-five years. Nearly
all of them have been surveyed. Appropriations
have been heretofore made to most of them, and
