1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
377
31st Cong 2d Sess. Rivers and Harbors—Messrs. Clemens, Bell, Chase, Euring, &fc.
Senate.
the work partly executed. This is the nature and
history of the measure which is denounced as not
being sufficiently discussed; and when the enemies
of the bill have for twenty-two hours at this late
period of the present session been permitted to
discuss its general features as well as its de-
tails-
Mr. CLEMENS. I wish to ask the Senator
from Tennessee if he can tell me where the harbor
of New Delaware is?
Mr. BELL. I do not know that I am suffi-
ciently acquainted with thermography of every sec-
tion to designate the particular locality of every
object. I do not know that there is an appropria-
tion for such a harbor in the bill. I do not think
there is.
Mr. CLEMENS. There is an appropriation
for the harbor of New Delaware, but my knowl-
edge of geography does not extend to it.
Mr. BELL. There are harbors provided for in
the bill, of which the Senator might inquire of me
the precise location, and which I may be unable
to point out or to enumerate by nam*—harbors on
Lake Ontario, on Lake Erie, on the lakes of the
northwest, with which I am not sufficiently famil-
iar to inform him of the precise locality; but I
know that nearly all of them have been examined,
surveyed, and reported upon by officers of the
Government, and all of them have been examined
by the committee.
A single anecdote may illustrate the want of in-
formation on the part of Senators in one section of
the country, with regard to the precise location of
many works in other quarters—even those admit-
ted to be important. An honorable friend of mine
from the North, an excellent gentleman in every
sense of the word, a valuable memberof this Sen-
ate, and an opponent of this bill, insisted that
Cumberland Island was in the State of Tennes-
see.
Mr. CHASE. I will say that there is no ap-
propriation in the bill for the improvement of New
Delaware harbor. There is an appropriation for
the improvement of the harbor of N ew Castle, Del-
aware, and I think everybody knows where
that is.
Mr. BELL. That is a well known point.
Mr. EWING. It was simply a blunder on the
part of the gentleman from Alabama.
Mr. BELL. I meant to say that most of these
objects were old acquaintances of the senior mem-
bers of the Senate, but I did not wish to intimate
that I was familiar with every improvement that is
proposed, nor can any Senator be presumed to be
so; and it is no argument against the bill that every
Senator is not well informed of the particular
merits of every item contained in it. The objec-
tions of this character—exceptions to particular
items, which may appear to be of inferior import-
ance to others which are excluded—and all com-
plaints founded upon the fact that some sections
of the country have not equal justice done them in
the partition of the appropriations proposed to be
made, are urged without aue reflection by the op-
ponents of the bill, and without a proper consid-
eration of the real difficulties attending any meas-
ure of the kind. When a bill of this description,
whatever may be its general object or purpose—
whether in the House or the Senate—is gotten up,
what Senator, of any large and practical acquaint-
ance with the business of legislation upon analo-
gous subjects—upon subjects or objects embracing
a great variety of interests—affecting a vast extent
of country—what Senator is there that ever thinks
such a bill entirely just or satisfactory in all of its
parts? How is it possible to do complete justice,
or to give satisfaction, to every section or locality?
Honorable Senators here allege that particular sec-
tions or localities are favored and others over-
looked. What is this bill? I would say to my
honorable friend from Georgia [Mr. Dawson] that
it is like many other measures which, from time
to time, have been gotten up and received the
sanction of Congress. It is a compromise. This
compromising spirit runs through all our legisla-
tion. It is a doctrine, or rather a practice, which
always has obtained, and always will obtain upon
such questions. How often have we heard it rang
through this Chamber that the Constitution itself
is a great result of compromises, made by sensible
and intelligent men, who wished to effect a great
purpose, and founded upon the impossibility of
harmonizing all minds and all interests of a great
country, to the perfect satisfaction of all. The
eminence of the wisdom and virtues of the states-
men who formed that instrument is illustrated by
their practical good sense in sacrificing their opin-
ions upon some subjects, upon some points of pol-
icy, in order to insure a greater good. What
measure was ever passed by the Congress of the
United States that commended itself to the intelli-
fence and approval of every member of either
louse of Congress, or which was entirely satis-
factory to any one member? I undertake to say,
not one.
I admit this bill, like all other human works,
has imperfections. It does not commend itself to
me in all its details. Honorable Senators speak
of amendments, and complain that many import-
ant objects are excluded. The aggregate amount
proposed to be appropriated is larger than I de-
sired. If it were expedient to make any change,
I would cut down the bill instead of adding to it.
But I have opposed all amendments, because I con-
sidered that to amend would be to lose the bill. I
repeat, that if I were to vote to amend, I should
vote for diminishing and not for increasing the
appropriations. Wny, one of the most useful,
and in some respects one of the finest streams in
the world, flows by my own door—the Cumber-
land river. It is navigable, at some seasons of the
year, for six or seven hundred miles, by boats of
a small class, and in the principal business season
it floats steamers of one thousand tons burden a
distance of more than two hundred miles. It flows
into the Ohio, and then its waters reach and mix
with the Mississippi. Appropriations have been
made for it in former times, but the House of Rep-
resentatives this year did not choose to incorpo-
rate it in the bill. Yet I would not offer an amend-
ment for that river, and I would have voted against
any amendment offered for that purpose by any
Senator, because I should consider the effect to be
to kill the bill. There is an appropriation in this
bill for a stream which flows, in part, through the
State which I have the honor to represent—the
Tennessee river. But the most important improve-
! ment to be made on that river will probably be
made on that portion of the river which interests
the State of Alabama quite as much as any por-
, tion of Tennessee. So that, properly speaking,
except a small portion of that appropriation, not
i a cent of money in this bill goes to the improve-
ment of any object, river, or harbor in Tennessee. /
| But Tennessee has a great interest in the bill; an
! interest in it which affects me and every other citi-
i zen of Tennessee; one so urgent that it has had a
; preponderating influence on my judgment in regard
to this bill—in regard to the expediency and policy |:
of this measure. The Mississippi washes the
western border of Tennessee. All the waters
which drain the State of Tennessee flow into the
Mississippi directly, or find their way into it by
, uniting with the Ohio. Most of the rich products
! of the State, its thousands of bales of cotton, its
I tobacco and corn, are transported upon these wa-
: ters, and down the Mississippi to the great market
of New Orleans. The obstructions and impedi-
ments to the navigation of the Mississippi have "
become so great of late, that I learn that passen- '
gers who once slept in security, and passed in
comparative comfort and composure down that gi-
gantic stream, now fear to seek repose in sleep by
night or by day. That stream washes the border
of the State of the honorable gentleman from Mis-
sissippi on my right, [Mr. Foote,] who so sternly
opposes this bill. It drains and carries off the pro-
duce of the States of Arkansas and Louisiana, and
all the States upon its upper tributaries. The Sen-
ators from all these States have a common and
deep interest in the bill, local and general. They
have an interest, also, in the improvements of the
Ohio; an interest in every stream which drains
every portion of the magnificent valley of the Mis-
sissippi.
Look at the condition of the friends of this bill,
and judge if they are to be denounced for their
perseverance in its support. The question is,
whether we shall yield now, when we have a de-
cided expression of sentiment in favor of the
measure ? This bill has been under consideration
for two days—for twenty-four hours of actual and
laborious session. We nave had a manifestation
of a majority of some eight or ten votes in the •!
Senate in favor of this great measure, shown by
a vote upon numerous propositions to give it the
go-by. It is a great measure. It is a measure
called for by the necessities of the great West.
It is called for by humanity. It is called for by-
higher considerations than mere property. It
reaches the interests of life itself; for perils by
night and by day encompass the thousand lives as
well as the millions of property daily embarked
upon the turbid, violent, and now dangerous cur-
rent of the Father of Rivers, to say nothing of the
perils in the navigation of its great tributaries.
No gentleman knows this better than the honora-
ble Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Downs,] who
sits before me, and who has distinguished himself
by his opposition to this bill. Shall we give up
such a measure under such circumstances ?
Mr. DOWNS. I will say to the gentleman,
that if the friends of the bill will strike out its ob-
jectionable features, no Senators will go further
than my colleague and myself to appropriate for
clearing out and removing the snags and impedi-
ments from the Mississippi river. But the Sena-
tor, I believe, voted against increasing the appro-
tion for that great river.
Mr. BELL. I did, and would do it again with
the greatest pleasure and most patriotic motives.
The proposition came from the enemies of the bill.
1 consider that the effect of such a proposition
1 would be to kill the bill, whether it was so intend-
ed or not—and I imputed no motive. There is
already proposed to be appropriated every cent
that can be usefully and economically applied by
any Executive—the most energetic and indus-
trious.
Sir, the West demands such an appropriation
as this, and at this time. Sir, I repeat, that the
safety of the lives and of the property of the peo-
ple of the great Valley, in the prosecution of com-
mercial enterprise, and the enjoyment of social
intercourse—so intimately connected with and de-
pendent upon the navigation of those great rivers—
depends upon the success of this measure. Their
great channels of intercommunication should be
improved. They are entitled to protection and the
fostering care of the Government. I care not what
particular clause of the Constitution may be con-
sidered as conferring the power—whether the war-
making power, the postal power, or the power to
regulate commerce. I do not care where you lo-
cate the power. You may place it upon all three
if you choose, as it was placed some thirty years
ago by the distinguished Secretary of War at that
time, the late Mr. Calhoun. The power we have.
These appropriations are demanded, not for the
purpose of the local expenditure of the public
money, as some impute; but for the safety, pro-
tection, and advancement of internal commerce
and intercourse. Nine or ten millions are now
appropriated annually for the protection of foreign
commerce, in the support of a navy. What do
you want with a navy out to support and protect
your foreign commerce. You would have no
foreign wars if you abandoned your foreign com-
merce. It is our foreign and commercial intercourse
that involves us in all our foreign wars. And be-
sides that, you will have no need of fortifications
if you abandon your commerce. No foreign
Power will come here to attack you, but for the
interests and relations growing out of the foreign
trade. We are no Chinese empire. Our civili-
zation is not of such a nature, nor are our riches
of such a kind, that foreign nations would come
to our shores, and insist on trading with us against
our will. Even your war with Mexico is alleged
to have grown out of a violation of your rights
in your commercial intercourse with that country.
Abandon your foreign commerce, or let it shift for
itself, and you will have no use for a navy, nor
for expensive fortifications studding your sea-coast.
I believe that our fortifications alone cost some ten
or twelve hundred thousand dollars annually.
There is also your light-house establishmen t for the
benefit of the foreign and the coasting trade, cost-
ing annually six or seven hundred thousand dollars.
There is, too, your coast survey, for the security
of your foreign and coasting trade, which has al-
ready cost more than a million and a half; which
cannot be completed for less than five millions,
and may reach ten millions. Then look at your
rich marble buildings, such as custom-houses, in
all your great commercial cities on the Atlantic
