378
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
31st Cong -2d Sess.
Rivera and Harbors—Messrs. Ewing, Bell, and Foote.
Senate.
and the Gulf. See what vast expense the Govern-
ment assumes on account of foreign commerce in
that particular branch of expenditure. Look at
the custom-house in the city of New Orleans. It
is estimated that it will cost between two and three
millions of dollars. This is in the State whose
Senators oppose this bill. We have heard much
said of the influence ot the local expenditures pro-
posed by this bill on the minds of its friends.
Here is an object of expenditure the benefit of
which is chiefly enjoyed by New Orleans, or the
State of Louisiana; and with equal fairness that
costly work may be said to have been undertaken
under the influence of local interests. You have
custom-houses, magnificent and costly buildings,
in all your large cities on the Atlantic, which you
have reared up at the expense of many millions
of dollars, and you are still going on with the con-
struction of others. Add the cost of these to the
millions you annually give to the support of the
foreign and the coasting trade, ten millions to the
navy, a million to fortifications, seven hundred
thousand to the support of light-houses, three
hundred thousand for the coast survey, and see
what great and costly care you take of your foreign
and coasting trade. An annual expenditure of
upwards of twelve millions of dollars!
Then look at the commerce of the great interior;
what do you do for that? What local or general
expenditure do you make for its benefit? What :
is done for internal intercourse, for internal com-
merce? Yet how much more is it worth than all
our foreign commerce? You (looking at Mr.
Ewing) can assist me, sir, in answering this ques-
tion.
Mr. EWING. I do not know, but it is worth
a great deal more—probably two or three times as
much.
Mr. BELL. Two or three times as much, at
least; and yet Senators cry out against an appro-
priation of seventeen hundred thousand dollars for
the security and advancement of internal com-
merce, for that is the proportion of this bill which
is proposed for objects in the interior. Suppose
this amount should be continued to be appropria-
ted from year to year, what wouldit be, compared
to the expenditure for the support of foreign com-
merce? It would be a mere pittance—a mere frac-
tion of what is annually voted for protection and !
facilities to foreign trade.
I have already stated that this bill has its de-
fects. There are items in it which I would be glad
to see out of it, yet none of which can be fairly
excluded as of no utility or importance. As far
as I have been able to consider it, the objects pro-
posed to be improved are useful to the trade of not
only one State but of many States.
Of what use, it is asked, are all these harbors on
the lakes? These lakes, by their natural forma-
tion, have no great indentations, no inlets, no
bays, no islands, no headlands, no shelter. The
commerce upon them is exposed to storms and all
the other perils of ocean navigation, and even
greater perils. These lakes are extraordinary in
that respect. I remember, some twenty years
ago, to have passed down Lake Erie on a steam-
boat from Sandusky City, which had been com-
pelled to carry passengers from Buffalo to Detroit,
and thence back again, who had been taken on
board for Dunkirk and Erie. The reason was,
that although the weather was not so boisterous
as to prevent the running of the steamer, yet they
could not safely make a landing at either of those
points. I rememberthat I was exposed fer twenty-
four hours to some peril, because there was no
neighboring harbor or place of refuge. All these
harbors are national, and are very necessary as
places of refuge in stormy weather, even though
there may be but little or no trade directly connect-
ed with gome of them. Honorable Senators must
remember that some of those who have been sup-
porting this bill have been more diligent to ascer-
tain and be satisfied of the utility of these works
than they have. It is of the greatest importance
that these appropriations be made, and, though
there are some objects of inferior importance em-
braced in the bill to many others which are ex-
cluded, I am not on that ground willing to see the
bill voted down, and those great objects which so
loudly call for the aid of the Government left alto-
gether unprovided for.
Now, I wish to warn my friends on the other |
side of the Chamber of what will be the conse-
quences if this bill fails, and it may fail.
Mr. FOOTE. It certainly will fail.
Mr. BELL. The honorable Senator says it
certainly will fail. Perhaps it will, and he cer-
tainly is better informed as to its probable fate than
I am. I will not argue the constitutional question.
I think that has long been settled by numerous
precedents, and by many years of uninterrupted
practice. I was a member of the House for many
years, and I believe I never voted for one of these
river and harbor bills; not because I held the ap-
propriations unconstitutional, but because all the
bills that were ever presented had some objects or
items of appropriation which I thought objection-
able; perhaps, as I have grown older, some Sena-
tors may sav that I have grown less mindful of
principle. I consider that I have grown wiser,
and that I am a more sensible man now than I was
then. It was the hey-day of General Jackson's
popularity and power; and during part of the time
I was the supporter of his Administration. Then
I voted against bills which sometimes contained
an appropriation of half a million, sometimes of a
million, and sometimes of a million and a half of
dollars; and though General Jackson approved
them, I voted against them on the ground that I
did not like "Big Sodus" and "Little Sodus,"
and other objects which I knew but little about,
or of which I had no personal knowledge, and I
did not believe they were of any national or gen-
eral importance—objects only cared for by mem-
bers for the benefit of the local expenditure. I
Gould never get a bill which I approved in all its '
parts—every item of which came within my defi- .
nition of a national and proper subject or object
of Government patronage. I have learned since
to have more respect for the opinions of other gen-
tlemen, and not quite so much confidence in my
own—to know that, as a member of this body, or
of any other legislative body, I should not adhere
so obstinately to my own opinions upon questions
of mere expediency, but defer more to the opin-
ions of others who had better means of judging.
I speak only of myself, and not meaning to affirm
anything of others, I would say, that an obstinate
adherence to one's opinions in opposition to that
of everybody else, would in me be evidence of an
undue conceit of my own infallibility. I am not
so bigoted as to do so. I do not impute any such
impropriety to honorable Senators, when they
avow that they have constitutional and other ob-
jections to this bill. But I think that, if they had
as lively a perception as I have of the necessity of
these appropriations for the great interior, they
would not be so critical, they would not be so !
over-refi ned in their process of arriving at a con-
clusion as to what particular object was or was
not constitutional or national. 1 do not say that
any Senator ought to waive his constitutional
scruples,and consent to those appropriations which
he thinks we have no right to make, either under
the power to regulate commerce, the war power,
or under the postal power. If any Senator has
constitutional doubts of our authority under any
of these powers to appropriate money to improve
the great channels of internal communication, on
which hundreds of millions of internal products
are transported from place to place, to find a prof-
itable and convenient market, while he admits the
authority to expend millions for the security and
protection of foreign trade, he is perfectly right in
not assenting to this bill. j
Honorable Senators complain that this bill was
got up by such a combination or putting together
of objects, as to secure a majority of votes in both
Houses of Congress. Upon that point I must say,
that I have not had the slightest knowledge of any
concert of action in the Senate, or of any consulta-
tion between members, whether of the House or
of the Senate, or between the members of the
House and those of the Senate. I am sure there
has been no such combination in the Senate. [
It is a common device for gentlemen, when they j
do not wish to commit themselves to the principles
of a measure, to pick a flaw in some of its details, !
and raise a hue and cry of unfairness and combi-
nation. Everybody knows that all measures of
this kind are gotten up upon some calculation of j
securing the assent of a majority of members—the j
objects or interests consulted and provided for
must be so distributed between sections; so multi- |
i plied as to do equal justice, if possible, to all. Yet
it rarely happens that justice is done to all. This
is so when the most honest intentions exist. But,
sir, suppose it to be true in fact that this bill and
all its predecessors have been gotten up by such
management and combinations of individual mem-
bers, as, in respect to many of its items, to consult
local rather than general interests, and include
some objects not otherwise important than to se-
cure a majority of votes; and this is said to be the
character of this bill—if it be true, what is the
cause of it; what the temptation to such a pro-
ceeding? It is, that a majority of members in
both Houses of Congress continue to oppose all
appropriations of this nature, disregarding all
former precedents; standing out on constitutional
grounds in opposition to the opinions and practice
of many of the most illustrious statesmen of the
country of both parties. Others again, who do
not profess any constitutional difficulty, hold that
it is inexpedient to make such appropriations, and
that the policy will necessarily lead to extrava-
gance and corruption. This is the prime cause
and source of any of those improper combinations
which are charged to exist. Let the minority
show themselves practical statesmen. Let them
once yield to the force of numerous and well-
established precedents, and be content to follow in
the footsteps of most of the great intellectual lights
of the country; let them unite with the majority in
Congress, and with the general sentiment of the
country, and instead of warring against these ap-
propriations, lend their aid in digesting a system
of river and harbor improvement, which will take
away the temptation and put it out of the power
of individual members of Congress to thrust in their
petty local objects to the exclusion of others which
are of real magnitude and importance. Let them
do this, and we shall hear no more of these com-
binations and corruptions now so freely charged.
| I call upon southern gentlemen, especially those
who are most vehement in their opposition to this
I bill, to consider whether they are not really re-
j sponsible for whatever imperfections may belong
j to it. Will they allow no weight to the opinions
, of such men as Madison, Monroe, Adams, Jack-
, son, and Calhoun, to say nothing of the doctrines
of living statesmen ? During General Jackson's
administration, notwithstanding his famous veto
of the Maysville road, there was about $5,000,000
appropriated to rivers and harbors. Similar ap-
propriations, though to a less extent, continued
through Mr. Van Buren's administration. If the
opposition to this bill had been content to acknowl-
edge the authority of these precedents and united
with its friends, we could have framed a bill free
from all objections—one satisfactory to all sec-
tions.
It has been contended by those who doubt the
constitutional power of Congress to make internal
improvement, that the proper course would be to
obtain a clear grant of the power by an amend-
ment to the Constitution. If that were practica-
ble I would be against it. I am opposed to a gen-
eral system of internal improvements; I would
not have such a power given by the Constitution.
Some contend that the power now exists to con-
struct roads and canals in the States. That is not
so clear. It involves the exercise of ajurisdiction
within the States which I do not hold to, nor do I
think it even expedient to make appropriations for
such objects. It would lead to great profligacy,
to unlimited expenditures, and absorb the Treas-
ury. I stand on the Baltimore platform in rela-
tion to internal improvements. I am opposed to
a general system of internal improvements, but I
am in favor of the improvements of the navigable
rivers and harbors. I am in favor of affording fa-
; cilities to the commerce on the great lakes ana the
navigable waters of the West; waters which the
States have no exelusive jurisdiction of and can-
not lawfully obstruct. Here is a clear field for the
exercise of jurisdiction by Congress under the
commercial power given in the Constitution, to
say nothing of the war and postal powers.
It has been suggested by high authority tkat the
proper and just mode of extending facilities to in-
land commerce, in the improvement of rivers and
harbors, would be to authorize the levying of ton-
nage duties upon steamboats and other vessels en-
gaged in the commerce upon the lakes and rivers.
If such a mode be the best for inland commerce,
