380
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
31st Cong 2d Sess. Rivers and Harbors—Messrs. Gwin, Foote, Clemens, Rusk, &fc.
Senate.
neglect it and give the preference to bays and har- I
bors of infinitely less importance, she would at least |
have threatened rebellion, it is an imperfection, jj
an injustice more or less, which runs through all |
legislation.
i want to know, now, if the opponents of this
bill mean to defeat the appropriation bills? Have
they made up their minds that, to defeat this bill,
they will throw out the appropriation bills ? If
they have, let them consider upon whom the re-
sponsibility ought to be, and will be. Will it rest
upon the minority, which obstinately persists in
its opposition to this bill, or upon the majority ?
I am aware, sir, that some share of responsibility
will fall also upon the majority, if the appropria-
tion bills are lost. No one regrets more sincerely
than I do the state of things which has been
brought about by the conflict between the friends
and the opponents of this measure. It is a state
of things that all should deprecate. I do not deem
myself competent to advise those gentlemen who
are the friends of this measure. I would scarcely
know how to advise them at the present hour of
the session, under all the circumstances. I will
not undertake to separate myself from them. I
think it is incumbent upon those gentlemen who
have opposed the measure, to consider what they
ought to do under the circumstances.
Mr. GWIN. I still have hope that we may 1
have a vote on the appropriation bills. There is
evidently a point of honor between the two sides—
the advocates and the opponents of this bill. Its
advocates look upon it as a point of honor to bring .
the Senate to a vote. Its opponents look upon it '
a* a duty on their part to defeat the bill. I think
they can accomplish both objects very soon, and
then we can proceed with other business. If I
understand the rules, no bill can go to the Presi- j
dent for his signature if any member objects to the I
suspension of the seventeenth joint rule; and, 1
therefore, if there is a majority to pass this bill, it
cannot be sent to the President if anyone objects. I;
If that be true, why not have a vote immediately? |!
Mr. FOOTE. I will tell my friend if he wishes i1
to know. If we permit this bill to pass in its J
present crude and imperfect form, some gentleman
■will be smart enough to include it with others in a :
motion to suspend the rule that it may be sent to
the President and become a law.
Mr. GWIN. I understand if there is a specific
motion made to suspend the rule with regard to
the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill, any i
gentleman can object to that and stop it if he j
chooses. I put the question to the Chair. i
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Norris.) [
It is not so. 1
Mr. GWIN. Well, I was not satisfied. At
any rate, gentlemen can debate as long as they
choose on the civil and diplomatic appropriation
bill, as well as on this bill. They can make
speeches on that which will defeat this bill.
Mr. FOOTE. That is not ample enough.
Mr. GWIN. I look upon it that we are in a
state of revolution if we cannot pass the appropri-
ation bills. I believe that, if it could be under-
stood that there should be no opposition to the
passage of the appropriation bill, and that then
this bill should come up in its ordinary course, the
appropriation bill could be signed by the Presi- !
dent. I have made this suggestion, because I look
upon it as a matter so important that I beg the
Senate to come to the conclusion to take a vote on
the bill and then run the risk of getting it to the
President.
Mr. CLEMENS. I wish to make an explana-
tion. I did not choose to interrupt the Senator
from Tennessee [Mr. Bell] during the progress
of his remarks in relation to the question which I
Fropounded as to the location of New Delaware.
wish to state that it so happened, in the copy of
the bill which I was reading, the word " Castle "
had been turned under. New Delaware was a
place with which I was not acquainted, and I did
not believe the Senator from Tennessee was. He
admitted, however, that there were more than
twenty places named in the bill that he did not
know anything about.
Mr. FOOTE. I have no doubt the country will
rejoice that the Senator from Tennessee has at
last been roused from his slumbers, and induced
to come forward in all the majesty and grandeur
of his powerful declamation, and with all the power
of his irresistible logic, to the rescue of this bill,
which he supposed was in danger. The leviathan
that had lain quietly on the deep has at last been
harpooned into action, and, instead of being found
quietly rolling along the ocean, is seen lashing the
waves with furious violence. He believes the bill
is in peril. I tell him it is not only in danger, but i
it is dead, past recovery. The honorable Senator
says the great West will be startled by the action
of the Senate, and its indignation will be aroused.
Does he suppose that the people of the great val-
ley of the Mississippi can look with respect upon
such legislation as the Senator and his friends have
proposed ?
The honorable Senator says that this bill has the
precedence over the appropriation bill. How, sir?
The strange condition of things is presented to the
American people, that those who are understood
to be the opponents of the Administration are ac-
tually coming to its rescue against its professed
friends. The appropriation bill was notoriously
kept back in the House until this bill could be
framed and brought in here, and a compact en-
tered into. Mr. Jefferson complained from year to
year of these compacts, and who can say that our
institutions will not be undermined, and that in-
stead of being the noblest fabric that can be devised
by the wisdom of man, ten or twenty years will
show that they will be ruined if such compacts
are continued? It is because I am opposed to
such compacts that I have opposed this bill, and
will continue to oppose it.
Mr. RUSK. It is evident that if we now act
upon the amendments to the appropriation bill we
shall have no time to spare between this and
twelve o'clock, after disposing of them here and
in the House, enrolling the bill, and presenting it
for the signature of the President. I apprehend \
that no Senator is anxious to have an extra ses-
sion of Congress; but the result will be, if we go
on much longer with this bill, that the appropria-
tion bills must inevitably fail. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to lay this bill aside I
informally in order to take up the appropriation I
bills, and act upon them, ana send them to the j
House. |
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I object.
Mr. FOOTE. Very well, sir. With the gen-
tleman be the responsibility.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 am anxious to make an ap-
peal to the Senate. I have not embarked in this
discussion; not because I was not as much op-
posed to the bill as any one, but I wished to have
an opportunity to get up the appropriation bills.
It is obvious that we have but little time left to
consider it in all its numerous details. There are
some forty or fifty amendments to the civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill, some of which are
very important, almost indispensable to enable the j
Government to get on. To the Army and Navy
appropriation bills there are some amendments
equally important. In these bills there are appro-
priations recommended to the amount of some
$30,000,000 or $40,000,000. I understand by those
who know the temper of the House that it will be
very difficult to keep that House together beyond
the hour of six o 'clock to-day. Is it possible that,
with these things pressing upon us, gentlemen will
urge this river and harbor bill? I hope the Senate 1
will agree to lay this bill aside. So far as I am I
concerned, I am willing to lay it aside informally, i
and take it up when the appropriation bills shall be
passed. We should have completed our action
sooner upon the river and harbor bill, if we had
continued to act upon the appropriation bills; and
the feeling which exists would have been prevent-
ed, because the minority would not have felt that
it was an attempt to coerce them to take this
bill without amendment. 1 move to lay aside this
bill for the present to take up the appropriation
bills.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Gentlemen who have
been opposing this bill have said that they consider
themselves justified in resorting to all parliamen-
tary action within their power to attain their ob-
ject. I have simply acted upon that principle, and
mean to act upon that principle to the end. I
think it is a fair understanding that we act upon
principles of parliamentary law on both sides.
Mr. DICKINSON. It is obvious that a por-
tion of these bills must be lost. I have no control
; over the appropriation bill, but I have uniformly
voted to get it before the Senate, and for laying
this bill on the table, though I have desired to have
it passed in an acceptable form. I was very anx-
ious to have it passed; but it is obvious that it
cannot be passed with the opposition which has
been manifested against it for two days. I am not
willing that the last sands of my political existence
should be wasted in a struggle of this description.
It is my duty to move to take up the appropriation
bill; and if there is time after that, I am willing to
return to this bill. But it seems to me unworthy
of the time and the occasion to stand struggling for
this measure when we must be aware that it can-
not be passed.
Mr. GWIN. Will the Senator from Missis-
sippi permit me to make a motion to lay this bill
on the table till six o'clock?
Mr. RUSK. I will not vote for it.
Mr. GWIN. It will give us two hours and a
half.
Mr. RUSK. It is evident that a motion to lay
this bill on the table would not prevail. The yeas
and nays have been called on all such motions,
and by calling for them again we should be calling
upon the majority to yield to the minority. That
is evidently the condition in which the bill stands
now. I desire to make an appeal to the honorable
Senator from Kentucky. Let us examine where
we stand. I know that he is a reasonable man.
I know that he is not anxious to see an extra ses-
sion of Congress, with all the inconveniences, with
all the bitter and angry feelings that must be
brought in, and the expenditure of money that
must necessarily follow. I believe that, with the
general consent, in the course of one hour, wecan
dispose of the appropriation bills, and that is the
only thing I would ask. I will not vote again to
lay this bill upon the table, unless it be moved by
one of those who regard themselves as its peculiar
friends. I intend, if the bill come to a final vote
during the session, to vote for it. But I submit
whether it is not better, when we see what the un-
avoidable consequence will be, even if we come to
a vote, which it is unreasonable to expect after the
opposition and feelings which have been manifest-
ed. Suppose we should vote upon it and pass it,
what is the consequence then upon the resolution
to suspend the rules in order to send it to the Pres-
ident of the United States? The resolution will,
beyond doubt, be resisted. Each party will at-
tempt to fix the responsibility upon the other, and
upon it the whole time will be consumed. Let us
see if we cannot take up and pass the appropria-
tion bills. I will immediately vote to take up this
as soon as they are disposed of. Let judgment
and not passion control the few remaining hours
of the session.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I believe there is no vir-
tue like firmness in this political warfare. 1 be-
lieve no man can do himself or his party justice
who does not abide by his principles on all occa-
sions and at all times.
] A Senator. But 
| Mr. UNDERWOOD. Yes, sir; "but" when
my friends come to argue with me I yield, and if
it be their pleasure to pass this bill by informally,
with the right to call it up when the appropriation
bill is acted upon, 1 will consent
Mr. FOOTE. We will take it up when the
appropriation bills are through.
Mr. HUNTER. I will endeavor to push the
appropriation bills through with all possible dis-
patch.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Then, reserving that
right, I will move 
; Mr. BRIGHT. That proposition has been de-
cided to be out of order. It must be postponed
to a day certain, or laid on the table. The Chair
has repeatedly decided that the proposition to lay
it aside informally cannot be made without unani-
mous consent.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Will my friend allow
me to say that I thought it was to be put on the
same footing that we have placed other bills con-
I tinually by the consent of the Senate?
I Mr. ATCHISON. I think some Senators are
j laboring under a great mistake. The Senator from
l Texas says we are all in a blaze of excitement.
! Why, I have never seen men more cool and delib-
I erate in my life, under similar circumstances.
II There seems to be a determination on the part of
II those who call themselves a majority to pais this
