1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
885
31st Cong 2d Sess.
The Chickasaw Claims—Mr. Gwin.
Price $ 1 50 fob this Session.
which also recites that this right, then fixed and
certain, was to be relinquished upon the execution
of the new contract, which made my rights contin-
gent and uncertain, except the sum I had received
in the Agricultural Bank case. This contingent
nnd uncertain claim was for half the land fund, and
one half the provision fund, the first of which was
not allowed by Congress until August, 1846, and
the second not obtained until after five years' hard
struggle, in March, 1850, accompanied by a sac-
rifice of a large portion of ray rights. The.wholfe
that I was to obtain under the new power was
contingent and uncertain, and, even if obtained,
my share could not amount to what 1 was already
entitled to, and had already secured under the old
power; for I was to receive not only one half of
the accrued, but the accruing interest, &o long as
Congress continued to pay it. Under these cir-
cumstances, and with both powers before them, in
June, 1845, and with the recommendatory letter of
Major Armstrong, who can doubtthat the commis-
sioners hastened at once to. cancel the old power
and execute the new —for the papers show that
the old power could only be cancelled by the exe-
cution of the new. It was the interest of the Chick-
asaw nation and of the commissioners to make the
exchange of powers. They were both before them
in June, 1845, and with the letter of their superin-
tendent, Major Armstrong, recommending the can-
celment of the old and the execution of the new
power; and who can doubt that it was then done
when they were commissioners, and alone could
do the act? If further proof were wanting on this
subject, it is contained in the letter from Major
Armstrong, extracts from which are here given:
Extracts from a letter addressed by William Armstrong to
William M. Gitrin, received in Jlpril, 1845.
"Bend me to Nashville the power of attorney you wish
presented to tbe C'hicfcasaws, and also the one you now
hold. The exchange you propose is magnanimous, and
will receive my hearty| cooperation. It is so palpably for
the interest of the commissioners that (have no doubt they
will at once se^ the sucrject in the right way, and readily
make the change. I confess I feel gratified that you, of
your own accord,have given up one half of the appropriation
of interest, which your contract clearly entitles you to, for
a different interest, which is got in part already ; and if any-
thing else is received it will be through your exertions.
The interest entered into the general fund of the nation in
such a way that, if you were to receive what you clearly
earned, and is yours by the power of attorney, it might
lead to bad feelings with the Chickasaws towards fflechiefs.
Not so with what you propose to substitute. The money
from the Agricultural Bank, and Ihe provisions improperly
purchased by the Government, are already lost sight of by
the Chickasaws. You may, by great trouble and labor, get
some remuneration from the provision account. If \oufaii,
yon lose your labor. My object is, however, briefly to say,
that I will use my best exertions to effect the exchange. If
I do not succeed, (which 1 have no fear of,) I wil',of course,
hold on to your p>wer of attorney. Write fully what you
wish done, and hold this as your voucher for the power of
attorney. Very truly, your friend,
« WM. ARMSTRONG.
"Doctor Wif. M. Gwin."
The second, which is also addressed to me, and
-now filed, is dated in the Indian territory, 22d
May, 1845:
" I set out on Tuesday next for Towson—have written
•Colonel Qpshaw, Benjamin Love, &c., to meet me there I
- will attend f© your business, I And that some one has been
very busy with Pitman—has put many stories afloat, all of
which are false, and wilt be explained."
Let us now comment upon these two letters.
The first shows how anxious he was that the ex-
change should be agreed to, and that he never
would have assented to the giving up of the old
power, except for the execution of a new one by
the commissioners. He says: "I will use my
best exertions to effect the exchange. If 1 do not
-succeed, (which 1 have no fear of,) 1 will, of
■course, hold on to your power of attorney." And
further: "The exchange you propose is magnan-
imous, and will receive my hearty cooperation; it
♦is so palpably for the interest of the commis-
sioners, that I hare no doubt they will at once see
the subject in the right way, and readily make the
change." The tetter of the 22d of May, 1845,
shows that he had already written to Colonel Up-
shaw, Benjamin Love, &c., (meaning the other
•commissioners,) to meet him at Port Towson, to
attend to this business—to answer the false stories
that were circulated about the transaction, and
•explain the whole, which his letter of th6 3d June,
before referred to, shows he did. Under these
circumstances, then, it is clear that the commis-
sioners would at once gladly sign the new con-
tract, and receive back the old one.
New Series—No. 25.
4th. In Major Armstrong's letter of April, 1845,
before quoted, he Bays: "I will use my best ex-
ertions to effect the change. If I do not succeed,
(of which I have no fear,) I will, of course, hold
on to your power of attorney. Write fully what
you wish done; and hold this as a voucher for the
power of attorney." It is, then, certain that he
was bound, as well In law as by his solemn
promise, not to surrender the old power except
upon the execution of the new one; and the de-
livery-of the new power by him to me, formally
executed by the commissioners, and attested, fur-
nishes the most conclusive evidence that it was
properly subscribed by them as commissioners,
and not by private persons. Indeed, to suppose i
otherwise, is to charge Major Armstrong with an
infamous and disgraceful fraud, subjecting him to
heavy pecuniary damages and utter ruin of repu-
tation. It will be perceived thRt I was absent
many hundred miles from the scene of operations
at the date of the execution of this second power— (
that f had confided the whole matter to him, (the
superintendent in the territory,) and him alone,
having neither employed nor written to any other
person. I trusted to him, as'a man of honor, to ,
transact the business which he had voluntarily
and willingly undertaken. I had very heavy pe-
cuniary interests at stake, and it is clear he never
would have surrendered the old contract unless
the new one, which he obtained and delivered to
me, had been properly and legally executed; and
it was not till long after his death that any pre-
tence was made, in the midst of so many other
objections, that this instrument which he procured
was false upon its face and a fraud upon me.
5th. This identical power of attorney has the
records of the War Department, the Indian bureau,
and the Treasury, to show that, after full examin-
ation, it was adjudicated to be valid, and the sum >
of $5,16015 actually paid upon it to Messrs. Corco-
ran & Riggs, as my attorneys, on the 11th of Au-
gust, 1846. The power of attorney contained the fol-
lowing clause : The said Gwin "shallreceive one
' half of what has been, or may be, declared to be
due the Chickasaw nation, on account of provisions
purchased by Lieutenant Staright, at' Cincinnati,
in the Spring of 1837, and charged to the Chick-
asaw fund; which charge, or a portion of the
same, has been, or may be; declared to be errone-
ous, and the amount to be refunded the Chickasaws
by the United States, or anyamount that may be
due to them on accoi^nt of said purchase; also one
half of such sums as may be declared to be due to
the Chickasaw nation, on account of lands sold
at Chocchuma or Columbus; and the proceeds of
the sales, amounting to ten or eleven thousand
I dollars, were placed in the Treasury of the United
States, although the lands thus sold are located in
the Chickasaw cession."
Now it will be perceived that my right to receive
one half of this land fund was embraced in the
same power of attorney now contested, and pre-
sented the same identical question so far as regards
its validity.
On the — day of August, 1846, Congress passed
! a law authorizing the payment of this land fund to
the Chickasaws. The question was, who was to
receive it? when this same identical power, with
the same substitution of Corcoran & Riggs, was
• presented to the Second Auditor and Second
Comptroller, who decided on the 8th and 11th days
of August, 1846, that it was valid, and that under
it I was entitled to one half of this land fund; and
they accordingly issued a certificate to that effect,
of which the annexed is a copy:
■' appropriation.
" No. 290—Carrying into effect treaties with the Chicka-
saws, per act 2Jth April, 1S35 .$5,160 15
" Treasury Department,
" Second Auditor's Office, August 8, 1846.
"I certify that there is due from t p United States to
William M. Gwin, assigned, the sum of$5,160 15, being the
one hall'of the account of the Chickasaw n ition for lands
erroneously sold at Chocchuma itnd Cnlumhus, Mississippi,
the whole amount of which ($10,320 30) was brought into
the Treasury by in act indeinnitying the Chickasaws for
the sale of the above lands, approved July —, 1846, and
placed to the credit of the Chickasaw nation.
Amount of saleaat Chocchuma: $8,650 95
" « 11 Columbus.     1,670 05
To one half of which said Gwin is emitted, as per
$10,330 30
f'
agreement with the Chickasaws herewith  $5,160 15
•'To be paid'to Corcoran it Riggs, attorneys present, as
per power of attorney herewith, as appears from tbe state-
ment and vouchers herewith transmitted for the decision of
the Second Comptroller of the Treasury thereon.
''JNO. M. MoCAJjLA, Second Auditor.
" To the Second Comptroller or the Treasury."
" Second Comptroller's Office.
"I admit and certify the above thi* Utli diy or August,
1846. ALBION K. PARRIS,
"Second Comptroller
Upon receiving this certificate and report, the
Secretary of War issued the following requisition
upon the Secretary of the Treasury for the pay-
ment of this money to said Corcoran & Riggs, as
my agents:
"War Department.
8-5,160 15. - No. 454.
To the Secretary or the Treasury:
Sir : Please to cause a warrant for $5,160 15 to be issued
in favorofCorcoian & Riggs, present attorneys, due William
M. Gwin on settlement, per account Second Comptroller,
No. 290, to be charged to the undermentioned appropria-
tions.
Given under my hand this lltb dav of August, 1846.
(Signed,) W. L. M AKCY,
Secretary of War.
(Countersigned,) ALBION K. PARRIS,
Second Comptroller.
Received and registered August 11-
(SigneUi) JNO. M. McCALLA,
Second Auditor."
Suph being the decision of the Second Auditor
and Second Comptroller, their certificate went to
Mr. W. Medill, the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
who thereupon made the following report to the
Secretary of War:
"(Copy—No. 2,733.)
$5,160 15. No. 454.
War Depahtment,
OrriCE op Indian Afpairs, August 11, 1846.
To the Secretary of War:
Sir : Please to cause the sum of $5,160 15 to be remitted
to Messrs. Corcoran & Riggs attorneys present, per order,
being the one half of the aceouni of the Chickasaw nation
for lands erroneously sold, &c., due to W. M. Gwin, as-
signee, 3tc.,   per account Second Comptroller,
No. 290, herewith payable by draft on , to be
charged as follows, viz:
Til tbe appropriation for carrying into effect the
treaty with tbe Chickasaws, act 20th April,
1836 -   $5,180 15"
On receiving this requisition, the Secretary of
the Treasury issued the following warrant for the
payment of the money, and Corcoran & Riggs re-
ceived the same:
" Warrant—Treasury Department.
To William Selden, Treasurer of the United States,
greeting:
Pay to Corcoran & Riggs, present attorneys, or order, oat
War Dep't. 1 ofthe appropriation named in the mar-
No. 380. > gin, $5,160 15, due William M. Gwin,
Appropriation. ) on settlement.
Appropriation.
Pursuant to requisition No. 454 of the Sec-
retary of War, dated 11th August, 1846,
countersignetl by the Second Comptrol-
ler of the Treasury, anil registered by the
Sectind Auditor. For so doing this shall
he your warrant.
Given under my hand and the seal of the Treasury this
11th day of August, in the year one thousand eight hundred
and forty-six, and of the independence the seventy-first.
[l. s.] R.J.WALKER,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Carrying into effeel treaty with Chickasaws, act
20th April, 1836  .«5,160 15
Recorded.
(Countersigned,) J. W. McCULLOH,
Comptroller.
Received for the above warrant the following draft:
No. 3,356, on the Mechanics' Bank, New York,$5,160 15
CORCORAN & RIGGS,
Per J. M. CHUBB."
Here was a solemn adjudication of the validity
of this identical power of attorney, and the pay-
ment of money under it. This adjudication and
reception of the power was made by the following
officers in succession, viz:
]. General McCalla, Second Auditor. ►
2. Judge Parris, Second Comptroller.
3. William Medill, Commissioner of Indian
Affairs.
4. Governor Marcy, Secretary of War.
5. Mr. McCulloh, First Comptroller.
6. Mr. Walker, Secretary of the Treasury.
Nor can it be pretended that it was made with-
out objection or examination. On the contrary,
the protest of Ish-ta-ho-to-pa, commissioner,
against my action in the matter, as agent of the
Chickasaws, and denying his signature to the first
power of attorney, had been received by the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs on the 26th of April,
1845, and I replied to it on the succeeding day,
which reply, with the protest, was referred by the
Commissioner to the Secretary of War, as appears
