386
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 2!,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
The Chickasaw Claims—Mr. Givrn.
Senate.
by his indorsement upon it. With that reply I
filed the letter of W. P. Stuart, dated Washing-
ton, February 5, 1845, the agent of Ish-ta-ho-to-
pa, and the party opposed to the commissioners,
(and recognized as such in the first line of this
very protest,) showing the entire approval of Stu-
art of all my acts and of all my contracts with the
Chickasaws, and confirming the same for Ish-ta- J
ho-to-pa and the portion of the Chickasaw nation
he represented. My reply to the protest was per-
fectly satisfactory to the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs and Secretary of War. It may be proper
here to observe, that in addition to the confirm-
ation of this power of attorney, after full examin-
ation by Stuart, sent on by Ish-ta-ho-to-pa to this
city, and recognized by him as his agent in his
own protest, the name of Ish-ta-ho-to-pa was
signed to that power by direction of Isaac Albert-
eon, the chief of the nation, in precisely the same
manner that powers to other persons bearing Ish-
ta-ho-to-pa's name had been subscribed and uni-
formly recognized by the Department; and, in
fact, nearly the whole business of the nation had
been transacted on similar powers. But Ish-ta-ho-
to-pa's name was not at all necessary to my power,
because there are but seven commissioners under
the treaty, which authorized a majority of them
to transact business, and six out of the seven had
signed for themselves, and lsh-ta-ho-to-pa's name,
■which was not necessary, was placed there by
Isaac Albertson, the chief of the nation, as was
the usage on former occasions ; and, as I was in- 1
ormed by Upshaw, the agent, he was authorized
by Ish-ta-he-to-pa, in consequence of his residing
out of the nation, eighty miles distant, and ceasing
to attend to its affairs; at all events, the confirm-
ation of his own agent, Mr. Stuart, whom he had |j
sent here to investigate the matter, who approved j
my power of attorney and all my acts, must be 1
deemed conclusive. It may be here remarked that
I never used the power of attorney, or filed it, or
drew one dollar of money upon it, and that I had j
transmitted it to the commissioners through Major j
Armstrong, before the receipt of the protest of lsh- "
ta-ho-to-pa, which was the first intimation I had
that there was any objection or want of power on
the part of Isaac Albertson, the chief of the nation,
to subscribe his name.
As regards the orphan and incompetent funds, in
relation to which Ish-ta-ho-to-pa makes so many
charges against Mr. Upshaw, the agent, and
others, I know nothing whatever, never having
had any connection with those funds, or any
agency concerning them; but the recklessness ex-
hibited in the attack made upon me in this case,
makes it my duty to show who was charged with
these frauds. I therefore call attention to docu-
ments No. 160, of Senate documents, 28th Con- i
gress, vol. 9, page 1 to 77, being the report of the ];
Secretary of War, under date of March 1st, 1845,
to the Senate, in reply to their resolution requesting ,
information in relation to the transfer of " the j
Chickasaw and Choctaw orphan fund." This ,
document, as well as the protest of Ish-ta-ho-to-pa
of the 3d of April, 1845, and numerous others in 1
the Indian office, show that the great frauds of
which the Chikasaws complained, were in regard
to these funds, with which funds I have never had
any agency or connection whatever.
This, and other documents on file, show that
most if not all of their claims were paid upon pow-
ers of attorney signed and Accounts passed by Ish-
ta-ho-to-pa and three other commissioners. In Ish-
ta-ho-to-pa's protest of the 3d of April, 1845, he
says: " I have never signed or approved of any
paper recommending a sale of the Chickasaw [or-
phan] and incompetent fund, nor approved of the
sales." Yet in the document referred to, page
47, and numerous others on file in the Department,
there are numerous papers signed by him, approv-
ing of these sales, with only three other commis-
sioners. The signatures are in this form: Ish-ta-
ho-to-pa, Isaac Alberston, James Wolfe, Slone
Love. No doubt these documents were signed by
Isaac Alberston, for Ish-ta-ho-to-pa, as he has
charged, and as was usual, and so represented by
the agent and commissioners to me when Albertson
authorized his name to be placed to my contracts
in November, 1844. This was done, and Albert-
son placed the mark for Ish-ta-ho-to-pa, openly,
and in the presence of the five other commissioners,
four chiefs and headmen, and of Upshaw, the
agent, who was also a subscribing witness, as is
admitted in his protest of 19th of March, 1845,
and Armstrong's letter of the 12th of October, both
of which will be commented on hereafter. There
is this difference, however, in my case, that there
being in all but seven commissioners, and the sig-
nature of a majority of them being all that was re-
quired, the other six did subscribe the contract,
which was therefore valid without the signature of
Ish-ta-ho-to-pa. But if the usage by which Al-
bertson was accustomed to sign lsh-ta-ho-to-pa's
name be considered insufficient, these other docu-
ments to which I have referred, showing the trans-
fer of the Chickasaw orphan and incompetent
fund to the amount of §600,000, would prove that
the whole of those transfers, sales, arid payments
were void, being signed by four commissioners
only, as appears by the documents; whereas four
names are required by express treaty provision,
and Ish-ta-ho-to-pa being one of them, if the usage
by which Albertson signed his name be insufficient,
the wholeof these transactions are invalid through-
out the administrations of Van Buren and Tyler.
To illustrate more fully the power and duties of
the commissioners, 1 will refer to the treaty and
the construction placed upon it, and th6 practice
of the Government of the United States under it.
In 4th, 5th, 6th, and 8th articles of the tieaty of
1834, important special duties are assigned to them:
" At least two" should declare what Indians were
competent to attend to their business, (art. 4th;)
" the agent and three" of them, what lands weie
" unfit for cultivation," (art. 5th;) a list of person*
not heads of families is to be made out by the
" seven persons hereinbefore mentioned," to be
certified to the register and receiver, (art. 6;) " a j
majority of the seven persons before named" shall i
have power to recommend, for the approval of the
1 President, the sale of the orphan lands, and, upon \
a certificate of a "majority of the seven persons
with the agent," the proceeds of these sales may
be paid over. In the fourth urticle we find the
following: "And as the King, Levi Colbert, and
' the delegation who have signed this agreement,
' and to whom certain important and interesting
' duties pertaining to the nation are assigned, may
' die, resign, or remove, so that their people may
' be without the benefit of their services, it is stip-
' ulated that, as often as any vacancy happens by .
' death, resignation, or otherwise, the chiefs shall
' select some discreet person of their nation to fill
1 the occurring vacancy, who, upon a certificate of
'qualification, discretion, and capability, by the
' agent, shall be appointed by the Secretary of War;
' whereupon he shall possess all the authority
' granted to those who are here named, and the
' nation will make t<> the person so appointed such
' reasonable compensation as they, with the assent
' of the agentaRd the Secretary of War, may think
' right, proper, and reasonable to be allowed."
Here the national character of the commissioners
is clearly pointed out, and they are to be paid for
their services to the " people" by the " nation;"
and they did receive pay to the date of their resig-
nation, from the national fund. In this light they
were viewed in all business transactions by the
Government of the United States, except when
there was an express treaty stipulation requiring
the Government to act without consulting the
commissioners. These officers performed all the
vast business of the nation from the date of the
treaty to the date of their resignation. Major
Armstrong, in his report of the 30th September,
1841, recognizes them as the " Chickasaw chiefs,"
who have the sole control of the national fund ; and
in his official repoit of the 5th of January, 1841, he
says: " 1 would remark that the Chickasaw com-
missioners were intelligent men, and understood
fully the nature of the accounts on which they
acted." Mr. Crawford, in his letter to me of the
17th of January, 1845,styles them " the authorized
agents to transact the business of the nation, and
recognized as the organs of the nation in the trans-
action of its business with the General Govern-
ment."
Such was the construction of the treaty by the
officers of the United States and the practice under
it. The construction of the Chickasaws was the
same, for through these commissioners they did
all their business. There was a dissatisfied party
opposed to these commissioners from the first to
i the last—from the time the " delegation" made the
! treaty to the resignation of the commissioners.
! This party opposed the treaty and all the acts of
! the commissioners. Volumes might be filled from
the files of the Indian office of the complaints and
charges against these five delegates, all of whom,
with Levi Colbert and the King, were appointed by
the treaty to carry out its provisions and take charge
of the interests of the " people" and the affairs of
the ration. The public records will show that
sometimes all acted, but in most of the business
but four acted, being a majority and all that was
considered necessary to certify to make their acts
valid. And who were these commissioners that
transacted the business of the nation and interpreted
the treaty? The very men who made that treaty,
and who were the persons who made this contract
with me, and the only surviving delegates who
made the treaties, and who had participated in the
transaction of all the business of thenation underit.
By.reference to the treaty of 1832, it will appear
that Colonel Benjamin Love (who acted as com-
missioner and interpreter when my contracts were
executed) was " United States interpreter," (7th
vol. St. at Large, 387;) and when the final treaty
of 1834 was made, he signed the same as " delegate
and interpreter:" " The undersigned, appointed
'by the Chickasaw nation of Indians in the two-
' fold character of delegate and interpreter, hereby
' declares that all that is set forth in the articles of
' convention and agreement have been by him fully
' and accurately interpreted and explained, and that
' the same has been approved by the entire delega-
tion. May 24th, 1834. Signed Benjamin Love,
'delegate and interpreter."
This gentleman was acknowledged to be the
j ablest and most intelligent man in the nation, and
is spoken of in the highest terms in Hitchkock's,
! Armstrong's, Upshaw's and numerous other re-
! ports. His brother, Slone Love, is also spoken
of in the highest terms in various report. James
Gamble, James Wolfe, and Isaac Albertson, are
I three of the commissioners spoken so highly of by
Major Armstrong in his report of the 5th of Janu-
ary, 1841, before quoted. Isaac Albertson and
Benjamin Love were the only surviving delegates,
who made the treaty of 1834. Now, how was it
! possible for these intelligent persons, the delegates
interpreters, and commissioners of the nation, fa-
miliar with its business, and who had tiansacted
it for many years, and made its treaties with the
Government, to be deceived as to their power in
making this contract with me—the more especially
as they knew that the officers of the United States
had made it their duty to transact all the business
of the nation,and every department of the Govern-
ment before whom my contracts had come has
placed the same construction as the commissioners
did of their power under the treaty to make this
contract ?
; To return from this digression. It also appears
from the endorsement thereon, that the protest of
lsh-ta-ho-to-pa and some other chiefs of the 19ih
of July, 1845, on which so much reliance has been
placed in contesting these claims, was filed in the
i Indian bureau on the 19th of August, 1845. It
states the fact that the commissioners had resigned
on the 18th of July, 1845. This protest of the
19th of July was never known to me until within
a few days past, nor was I ever notified of it, for
the reason, I have no doubt, that it was satisfacto-
rily refuted, so far as I was concerned, in myletter
of the 27th of April, 1845, before referred to, and
by the documents then on file in the Department.
I have alluded here to these protests and papers
mainly to show that they were all on file in the In-
dian bureau when the Commissioner of Indian Af-
j airs and Secretary of War, on the 11th of August,
1846, nothwithstandingall these objections, then af-
firmed the validity of the power then in contro-
versy, by issuing the requisitions for the payment
of the money before shown upon it; norat the date
of that adjudication could they have been ignorant
j of the fact that the claim now contested would come
up under the same power; for, as appears by the
papers, it was then on file and had only been sus-
pended by the prohibition contained in the act of
3d of March, 1845, which was repealed before the
] land fund was paid to my agents, Corcoran &
t Riggs.
6th. The party of the Chickasaws opposed to this
power of attorney, sent another delegation, ap-
pointed, as they say, " by a general council of the
