1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
38?
31st Cong 2d Sess.
The Chickasaw Claims—Mr. Gwin.
Senate.
ehiefb, headmen, end warriors of the Chickasaw
nation, in October, 1848," to examine into the af-
fairs of the Chickasawa. This delegation, con-
sisting of Dayis James, Captain Jackson Frazier,
Maxwell Frazier, and Gabriel L. Love, attended
at Washington city to this business, throughout a
large portion of the succeeding session of Con-
gress. They called in the counsel and advice of
the Hon. Jacob Thompson to aid them in,this ex-
amination, and especially in regard to this claim, j
Mr. Thompson made this examination, as appears
by his receipt filed among the papers, of which
the following is a copy
" Washington, February 15,1849.
" Received of W. W. Corcoran, to be returned to-mor-
row, the following papers, viz: Copy power of attorney,
Chickasaw chhffs to Wni. M. Gwiu ; copy Win. M. Gwin V9'
United States j report chief clerK Comptroller's office; re-
quisition War Department, $113,043 99; blank warrant for
$i8,l'24 14: Second Auditor's report (or Win. M. Gwin, for
#o6,021 49; copy of W. Armstrong's letter.
"J. THOMPSON."
As the result of this examination, this dele-
gation addressed a letter, on the 20th February,
1849, to Secretaries Walker and Marcy, in which
they say that this claim for provisions is fair
and just, and its allowance is evidence that the
United States intend to deal justly and fairly with
the Chickasawa, and that they have entire confi-
dence that the Secretaries would continue to be,
as they had proved themselves, the friends of the
Chickasaw nation. That paper requested a fur-
ther suspension of the payment of ray portion of
this claim, and stated various objections to this
power of attorney, a copy of which, it appears,
was before them. And here I would note the im-
portant fact, that it was not pretended by that dele-
gation that this power of attorney was not exe-
cuted by the commissioners, or that it was signed
by them after their resignation-, which, if true,
must have been known at that date. And it was
well known to them and their attorney, Mr.
Thompson, who had mainly contributed to pass
the bill through Congress, that one half of the land
fund had been paid to me by Secretaries Walker >
and Marcy (in whom they express such entire |
confidence) on this very power of attorney, which,
if there had been a suspicion on their minds that
it had been executed after their resignation, they
would surely have commented on in connection
with the power, by the payment of this money j
under it. Their objections to it were stated thus:
" There is Jtmong our people a deep and strong
prejudice against this arrangement. They say the
agreement was made privately, without the knowl-
edge of our people; that it was not understood, as
we believe, by the commissioners themselves when
it was made; that it cannot be binding upon the
nation without receiving the sanction of a council
of the chiefs, headmen, and warriors; and as a del-
egation of the nation, intruBted with full powers
on this subject, we will not assume to revoke the
power to violate a supposed contract. But we ap-
. peal to you, and, by virtue of the power in us in-
vested, we protest against the allowance of the sum
of 856,021 49 to Wm. M. Gwin, or to his attor-
ney, till the nation can have an opportunity to
make known their will on this subject, after a full
and fair investigation of the whole matter."
I will examine these objections. They allege,
1st, that it is said " the agreement was made pri-
vately, without the knowledge of our people—
that it was not understood, we believe, by the
commissioners themselves when it was made."
Here is a distinct admission that it. was made by
the commissioners, and, of course, before they
resigned; for after that event they would not have
been commissioners. The papers previously
quoted show that I was several hundred miles dis-
tant from the Chickasaw territory' when it was
made and signed, and had not been there for some
time previous; that it was sent by me through
Major Armstrong, the superintendent of the In-
dian territory; that it was highly approved by
him; that he made it known to Mr. Upshaw, the
agent, and that it, was signed by the commission-
ers on full explanations and written recommend-
ation of Major Armstrong; thaf it was signed by
the six commissioners, not privately, but in con-
junction with four chiefs and headmen, and at-
tested by the supreme judge of the Chickasaw
nation. That the commissioners must well have
understood it, is also obvious from the letters of
Major Armstrong, to whom I intrusted the whole
affair. Being absent myself, and having sent the
papers through him, .there can be, of course, no
pretence that the execution of this power was in
any way improperly procured by me. It was, as
his letters show, entirely approved by him, and
the procuring of its execution entirely intrusted
to Mm. That what he did in the matter was per-
fectly fair and right must be inferred from what
Epperson and Bryan, who signed the several pa- (
pers as counsel against me, say of him: " No one ,
will question his standing and integrity. In every i
particular he was above reproach and suspicion."
It may be quite true, as stated in the protest of
the 19th July, 1845, that neither of these powers
of attorney was submitted to that council; but, |
independent of the want of power in the council
on the matter, there is another obvious reason
why neither could have been submitted—namely, I
the cancelment of the first before that date, and its
destruction, as alleged, and the transmission there-
upon to me ofthe second. Besides, the commis-
sioners never admitted the right of this or any
other council to supervise or-direct their acts, nor
is any such power given in the treaty, but dis-
tinctly otherwise. And'this brings me to the only :
remaining reason urged by this delegation, which
is in these words: " That it (the power) cannot I
be binding upon the nation without receiving the
sanction of the chiefs, hendrtfien, and warriors."
And the same ground, and no other, is assumed
againBt this power by the alleged proceedings of
a generkl council of the Chickasaws of the 13th
July, 1849, but no pretence that it was signed
after the resignation of the commissioners. Now,
this is completely refuted heretofore in this paper,
as well as by the letter of the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs to me, of the 17th July, 1845, who,
in answer to my inquiry, says that these' com-
missioners are the authorized agents to transact
the business of the nation in the transaction of its
business with the General Government. And it
was the uniform, uninterrupted action of the Gov-
ernment to recognize them as such from the date
Ofthe treaty until the resignation of the commis-
sioners was accepted by the Secretary of War.
Thia power of attorney was obtained by me in
June, 1845. It was signed by the commissioners
who had transacted all the business of the nation
for the last ten years. It was subscribed by six
out of seven of the commissioners,-by four chiefs
and headmen, and attested by the supreme judge
ofthe Chiekasaw nation. It was procured in my
absence by Major Armstrong, whom my oppo-
nents own to be above suspicion and reproach,
and upon his recommendation and explanation to
the commissioners. In August, 1846, as I have
shown, it was passed upon as legal and valid by
the Second Auditor, and confirmed by the Second
Comptroller, followed by the requisition of the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs upon the Secre-
tary of War, and by his upon the Secretary of
the Treasury, upon whose warrant, countersigned
by the First Comptroller and Registerof theTreas-
ury, the sum of $5,160 15 was paid me under it.
When the second case went up, which is the one
now in controversy, it involved the same ques- i
tion—to wit, the validity of the same power of
attorbey, and wa3 decided in the same manner by I
the Second Auditor. The Second Comptroller
sent it to the Commissioner of Indian Affairs for !
his administrative examination, where it remained
without any opinion whatever expressed until
after the present-Administration came into power.
On the 27th June, 1849, Mr. Meflill, the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, made the only report \
that ever was made by any officer of the Govern- !
ment against this claim, which I will nowprocceed ;
to examine. It begins by admitting the conclusive
character of the decision of the Second Auditor
and Second Comptroller, in September, 1846, in i
favor of the claims of the Chickasaws. He says: i
'«The preliminary question of the power to re- 1
open the account embracing the transaction, and
of the abstract right of the Chickasaws to the cor-
rection of the alleged error, if.it had been com-
mitted, having been fully decided by those higher
in authority than the head of this office, and the
Secretary of War, in his decision of April 18,
1845, Which is among the papers, having, as I un-
derstand it, determined that no administrative ex-
amination of the matter by the Department was
necessary, I do not feel at liberty to give any opin-
ion upon this branch of the subject." Secretary
Marcy, then, having decided that the adjudication
of the Second Auditor and Second Comptroller
was final, it must have been so regarded by the
Secretary of the Interior, unless he had reversed
the decision of his predecessors. Now, then, let
us see what was the decision of the Second Auditor
and Second Comptroller, which Secretary Marcy
decided he had no power to reverse and set aside.
It was in these words :
" No. 3,798—Aprnopsii atio*.
"Removal and subsistence of Indians $113,04-2 99.
" Treasury Department,
"Srcohd Auditor's OrricE, September 5, 1846.
" 1 certify that there is due from the United States 10 the
Chickasaw nation the sum of one hundred and twelve thou-
sand and forty-two dollars and ninety-nine cents, being the
amount of their account for moneys erroneously paid by
the United Slates out of the Chickasaw fund to sundry per-
sons, for provisions purchased in Cincinnati in 1837.
" As it appeara there is but $58,124 14 10 the credit of the
above appropriation, the Secretary of War will please issue
a requisition to the credit of appropriation 'carrying into ef-
fect tieaties with the Chickasaws, per act 20lh April, 1836.'"
Now, it seems to have been entirely overlooked
by the Commissioner that that decision, which
the law makes final and conclusive, and which
Secretary Marcy thought he had no power to re-
vise or set aside, covered the whole question now
in controversy as to the Chickasaw claim, and the
fbnd out of which it was to be paid. Let .us an
alyze that decision. The first branch of 't is in
> these words: " I certify that there is due from the
United States to the Chickasaw nation the sum of
$112,042 99, being the amount of their account for
moneys erroneously paid by the United States out
of the Chickasaw fund to sundry persons, for pro-
visions purchased at Cincinnati in 1837." Now
this was a decision, not only that this sum was
due the Chickasaws, but that it was due them for
moneys " erroneously paid by the United States
out of the Chickasaw fuodx" It was final, there-
fore, on that point. It settled the question beyond
all power of revision by any other authority, that
this money was " erroneously paid" out of that
fund. This being so, the correction of the error
; became a matter of course, and how this was to
j be done was also imbodied in the same decision,
■ viz: as then decided by " a requisition for that
I amount in favor of the Chickasaw nation, to be
j carried by counter requisition to the credit of ap-
j propriation carrying into effect treaty With Chicfc-
I asaws, per act 20th April, 1836."
S?uch was the adjudication of the proper ac-
counting officer of the Treasury, whose decision
, was final on that point also. It is conceded that
] the decision was final, so far as it declared the
i moneys to be erroneously paid by the United
i States out of the Chickasaw fund. Who, then,
was to correct the error? The same accounting
t officer who made it; and in what way ? Why, by
' doing then what they should have done in the
; first instance—charging the account to the United
I States, and paying the sante due to the Chickae
i saws, as should nave been done originally, in thg
mode decided in 1836 by the proper accountin-
officerof the Treasury. It was the whole adjudi-
cation, as appears upon its face, that, in the lan-
, guage of the Second Auditor, (which is the printed
form prescribed by law,) " was transmitted for
the decision of the Second Comptroller thereon,"
who thereupon did affirm the whole decision,
which, in all its parts, was final and conclusive. It
would be a strange doctrine, indeed, that the de-
cision ofthe proper acfcounting officers adjudica-
ting upon a claim should be final and conclusive as
to the payment of the claim, but not as to the fund
out of whieh it was payable by law. If this were
so, the decision of those officers would never be
final in any case; because in all -they are required
to decide, and do decide, not only the justice of the
claim, but under what act of Congress, and out of
what fund, the claim is to be paid. Their decision
is upon the act of Congress in all cases, and its
applicability to the payment of the claim, and is
necessarily equally conclusive on both points. It
is not the naked justice or equity of the claim upon
which they decide, but under what law it is pay-
able; and that decision is final and conclusive.
I come now to the general ground on which the
Commissioner undertakes to overrule what was a
final decision of the accounting officers of the
Treasury, viz: the fund out of which this case
