388
APPENDIX TO THK COINGRESSiONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 21,
31st Cong.....2d Sess.
T7
'he Chickasaw Claims—Mr. (Jwin.
Senate.
was payable. Now, that this fund was standing
on the books of the Treasury when this decision
was made by the accounting officers is certain,
but the Commissioner suggests that two yeais af- 1
terwards a portion of this fund, the Treasury De-
partment was informed, " would not soon be re-
quired, and which might be carried to the surplus
fund." Now, on reference to the records, 1 find
that, whatever the opinion of the Commissioner
might have been in 1848, no part of this sum was
ever officially reported by the Secietary of War to
the Secretary of the Treasury, to be carried to the
surplus fund, as tie was required to do, if he de-
sired such a transferor thai fund, under the act of
Congress of 1820. Under this act the Secretary
of the Treasury had no power to transfer to tiie
surplus fund appropriations for and payable
through the War Department, upon the oific.al
report and request of the head of that Department,
which was never made in this case. So the Com-
missioner ih mistaken as to his facts; and there
was an obvioua reason why it was not so made.
The proper accounting officer of the Treasury, in
September, 1846, had decided that this identical
appropriation was applicable to the payment of
the Chickasaw claim, anil that that claim should
be paid out of it; which decision remained on rec-
ord, unreversed and irreversible by any other au-
thority. That Secretary Marcy could not reverse
it directly seems not to be denied. How, then,
could he do it indirectly, by transferring the bal-
ance of that appropriation to the surplus fund? But
let us suppose that Secretary Marcy had attempted
to make a decision so entirely unauthorized by
law. It can only be done by an official request,
to the Secretary of the Treasury to make the
transfer. Now that official request as before
stated, never was made; and if it had been made,
it would have been impossible for the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, as I shall briefly show, to
have carried it into execution whilst the previous
approving adjudication of the proper accounting ,
officers of the Treasury, of September, 1846, re- 1
mained in full force. This transfer to the surplus
fund is effected by warrant, signed by the Secre-
tary and First Comptroller of the Treasury, which
would have brought up all the payments and de-
cisions of the proper accounting officers of the
Treasury as to that appropriation, and necessarily
this identical decision of the Second Auditor and
Second Comptroller, directing the Chickasaw
claim to be paid out of it. That decision, we have
seen, the Secretary of War had no power to over-
rule, nor did he ever undertake to do so; nor did
the Secretary of the Treasury have any pretence
for the exercise of such a power. The truth is, if
the Secretary of the Treasury had attempted this
transfer to the surplus fund, it would have brought
immediately before him this identical decision
of the Second Auditor and Second Comptroller,
either to be overruled or confirmed by him and the
First Comptroller. It is evident, therefore, that
whatever the desire of the Commissioner might
have been as regards this transfer to the surplus
fund, or however he may have designated a part
of it, which in his judgment might ptoperly be so
transferred, the Secretary of War never did re-
quest such a transfer; nor could he legally do so
whilst the before-mentioned adjudication of the
Second Auditor and Second Comptroller remains
in force. Nor could the Secretary of the Treasury
have made the transfer; for be had no power to
overrule the adjudication. So much as regards
the supposition of the Commissioner, that the bal-
ance of this appropriation was transferred to the
surplus fund, which, it will be perceived, was
founded on an error of fact. Hi3 only remaining
objection to the payment out of this fund is this':
" The existing appropriation certainly had no ref-
erence to the Chickasaws, for it was made subse-
quent to their removal," and after the expense
"thereof and of their subsistence "had been in-
curred." Now, it is sufficient to remark that this
original appropriation was made long before the
removal of the Chickasaws, and would have been
clearly applicable to the purchase of the provis-
ions with wh'ch the Chickasaws were erroneously
charged; and the subsequent law to which the
Commissioner refers shows upon its face that it is
a reappropriation of an amount which had been
carried from this appropriation to the surplus
fund.
This appropriation for removal and subsistence j
of Indians was made in 1831 or 1832, was in- !
crcnsed in 1836, and went to the surplus fund and
was reanpropriated in 1839, and was used con-
stantly during the ten years succeeding this reap-
propriation by the War Department, showing as
well by the art itself as by the uniform action un-
der it, that it contemplated a longer period than
two years from its date for its execution; and a
portion of it, Mr. Medill says in his report, he
still purposed to retain for future expenditures,
showing conclusively that, even under his inter-
pretation of the law, it would not go to the surplus
fund merely by the lapse of time after the expi-
ration of two years from the date of the appro-
priation. In such a case, it appears by the act of
Way 1, 1820, as well as by the interpretation given
that law by Attorney General Grundy, on the
14th February, 1839, (page 1240, Attorney Gen-
erals' Opinions,) no portion of this appropriation
could go to the surplus fund, except by a direct of-
ficial requisition of the Secretary of War upon the
Secretary of the Treasury, which was never
made, and, in fact, as we have seen, could riot be
made in this case, with the decision of the Second
Auditor and Second Comptroller on file, correct-
ing this error by a decision that was final and con-
clusive, and appropriating this fund to pay the
Chickasaws.
If any doubt could remain as to the error of
charging these provisions to the Chickasaw fund,
and the right to make the payment out of the ap-
propriation for the removal and subsistence of In-
dians, and the practice under that act, it will be
made perfectly clear on reference to my arguments
of the 7th of April, 1845, and the 29th of August,
1846, and to the opinions and the letter of the
First Comptroller, of the Second Auditor, and
Second Comptroller. But even supposing, for the
sake of the argument, it could not legally be made
out of the appropriation for removal and subsist-
ence of Indians, or that that appropriation had
gone to the surplus fund, still it would not in the
slightest degree affect the right of the Chickasaws
to receive this money under the third article of the
treaty with them of 1832, and the appropriation
made by Congress on the 20th of April, 1836. To
make this matter perfectly clear, 1 cite that third
article of the treaty:
" As a full compensation to the Chickasaw nation for the j
country thus ceded, the Unittd States agree to pay over to
the Chickasaw nation all ttie money arming from ttie sale
of the land, which may be received irom time to lime after
deducting ttiereiiom the whole cost and expenses ot survey-
ing and setting the iand, including every expense attending
the same."
Thereupon followed the law of the 20th of
April, 1836, which is as follows:
"An act to cairy into effect the treaties concluded by the
Chickasaw tribe of Indians on the 20th of October, 1832,
and tlie 24th of May, 1£34.
"Sec. ]. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
'iesentutiues of the United States of America m Congress as-
sembled, That all moneys received from the sale ot lands
under ttie stipulations of ttie treaties with the Chickasaw
Indians of the 2>>th ot October, 1339, and the 24th of May,
1834, shall be paid into the Treasury of the United States,
in the same manner that moneys received from the sales ot
public lands are paid into the Treasury.
" Sec. 2. JJnd be it further enacted, That all payments re-
fjlliied to he made, and all moneys requirt d to tie ve-ted by
the said tieaty, are hereby appropriated in conformity to it.
and shall be drawn trom the Treasury as other public mon-
ey* are drawn theiefroni, under such instructions as may
fiom tune to time he givm by the President.
" Pec. 3. .hid be it J art her enacted, Tuat all the invest-
ments of stocks required by ttie said treaty shall be inade
under the diiection of the President; and a special account
of the funds under the said treaty shall tie keptat theTreas-
ury, and a statement thereof shall be annually laid before
Congress; and the sum of one hundred and fitly thousand
dollars, heretofore appropriated agreeably to the said treaty,
and to aid in its fulfillment, shall be refunded to the Treas-
ury as soon as fluids sufficient therefor are received trom
the sale of the said land*."
Under the 3d section of this law the following
full and final regulations were made by President
Jackson, upon the recommendation of General
Cass, then Secretary of War, and by him trans-
mitted to Judge Woodbury, then Secretary of the
Treasury:
War Department, May 7, 1636.
" Hon. Levi Woodbury,
" Secretary of the Treasury :
" Sir: I have the honor to enclose for your information a
copv of" Additional Regulations for carrying into effect the
treaties of 1832 and '34 with the Chickasaw Indians,'5 ap-
proved the 7th instant.
" Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
"i.nwis cass."
' Additional Regulations for carrying into effect the treaties
of 1833 and 1834 with the C!ueka.-aw Indians.
"The account-of receiver ot public moneys under the
Clncka-aw tri nties, shall be audited unci adjusted in the
office ot ttie Commissioner ot the General Lam] Office, and
be reported to and revised by the 1'trst Comptroller of the
Trea.-urv in the same manner that the accounts of the re-
ceiver- are levised and settled.
" The accounts of the surveyor general of Chickasaw
lands snail he audited and adjuftt d in the office of the Com-
missioner of tiie General Land Office, and reported to and
revised by the Second Comptroller of the Treasurj, m the
same manner and subject to the same rules, regulations,
and restrictions as the accounts of other surveyors general
are settled and revised.
" Alt other accounts arising under said treaties shall be
audited and adjusted by ttie Second Auditor of the Treas-
ury, and be repoited to and revised hv the Second Comp-
troller, in the same maimer that other Indian accounts aie
settled and revised.
'• A clerk in ttie Second Auditor's office will be selected,
who for the present shall attend to the accounts hereby as-
signed to that office, and shall receive for his services a
compensation at the rale of g'JSO per annum.
" These regulations to take effect from the9th May inclu-
sive.
" Respectfully submitted for the approval of the Presi-
dent.
" War Department, Nay 6,1836."
" Approved May 7, 1836:
" ANDREW JACKSON."
This account, then, of the Chickasaws, and the
payment to me under it, were by an act of Con-
gress submitted to the final settlement of the Sec-
ond Auditor and Second Comptroller, under the
direction of General Jackson, and no revision of
this act by any other officer waa authorized. The
decision of these officers as to this account, and
the payment under it, was placed upon the same
basis as that of the adjustment of any other ac-
count committed to them by law, which we have
seen by the act of 1817, and the opinions of At-
torneys General Wirt and Taney thereon, was
final. But if there could be any doubt under that
act, there can be none under this of the 20th of
April, 1836. As authorized by that law, which
extended both to the settling and payment of these
accounts, General Jackson committed it to the
final adjustment of the Second Auditor and Second
Comptroller of the Treasury, declaring that these
accounts " shall be audited and adjusted by the
Second Auditor of the Treasury, and be re-
ported to and revised by the Second Comptroller,
in thesame manner that other Indian accounts are
settled and revised ;" and the duty of attending to
these accounts was also, by the same order of
President Jackson, assigned to a clerk in the
Second Auditor's office, and no provision for any
examination or revision was made. Now that very
clerk in the Second Auditor's office did report in
favor of this very account. The Second Auditor
approved the account, which was finally approved
by the Second Comptroller; and then, under the
act of 1817, as well as under the act of 1836, the
whole accounts were finally adjudicated, and were
subject to no revision by any other officer. Under
this decision of the Second Auditor and Second
Comptroller, the payment might have been made
at once by the Secretary of the Treasury, without
any reference to any appropriation for removal or
subsistence, ander the general appropriation made
by the act of the 20th April, 1836. The charge
for these provisions should never have been made
to the Chickasaws. If it had not been made, it
is admitted that these moneys ought to have been
paid to them under the act of 20th April, 1836;
and when the officers who committed the error
corrected it, by striking out this erroneous charge,
all that remained to be done was to pay this sum
to the Chickasaw3, under the act of 1836. In
truth, the appropriation for removal and subsist-
ence has, then, as a necessary prerequisite, nothing
to do with the paympntof this money to the Chick-
asaws; and even if Governor Marcy had been ever
so correct in ihe only objection he ever made to
this payment—namely, the transfer of that appro-
priation, (for he always admitted the justice of
the claim itself)—yet it would only chanee the
form and not the substance of the question, and
still leave it an incumbent duty to pay this claim
out of the appropriation made under act of 20th
April, 1836. It is true I did urge this transfer of
the removal and subsistence fund, because I be-
lieved then, as I now do, it was legal; in which
opinion I was sustained by the opinions before re-
ferred to of the First Comptroller, and the final
adjudication of the Second Auditor and Second
Comptroller. I was fearful, also, that unless some
