1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
889
31st Cong 2d Sess.
The Chickasaw Claims—Mr. Groin.
Senate.
appropriation could be shown out of which the
Second Auditor and Second Comptroller might j
hare disbursed this sum for provisions on account
of the Government in 1837, these officers might ;!
not be willing to correct the error then made; but
however that may be, and whether that disburse-
ment could or could not have been made under
that appropriation, the moment the error was cor-
rected by which this charge for provision was im-
properly debited to the Chickasaw fund-, and that |
charge stricken out, as it was by the decision of
the Second Auditor and Second Comptroller, it
left this sum clearly payable to the Chickasaws,'to
be diawn from the Treasury of the United States,
under the act of 20th April, 1836.
The Commissioner of Indian Affairs next takes
up my contract and power of attorney, and says
the amount to be paid me is extravagant. This
opinion was entirely extra-official and gratuitous.
The only question upon which he had a right to i
express an opinion was this: Is the contract legal!
la it in accordance with the treaty made with the
Chickasaws, and the uniform practice of the Gov- i
emment under that treaty ? The law did not em-
power the Commissioner of Indian Affairs to
make or impair contracts entered into by the
Chickasaw nation through their commissioners.
They were the official functionaries to whom this
power exclusively appertained, and the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs had no authority to super-
vise or annul their acta. The official letter of his
predecessor, of the 17th January, 1845, pointed
out the persons who had authority to transact the
business of the nation with the General Govern-
ment, and these were the persons who made the
contract in this case, and they alone were to jadge
of the propriety of its provisions. Thosecommis- i
sioners employed me to contest a claim with the J
United States; and was any subordinate officer of j
that Government, whose error or that of his prede- :
cessor had made the employment of counsel neces- i
sary, to judge of the amdunt of compensation, to
be paid by tie party who had been wronged, to
the counsel who should succeed in correcting the
error? Surely, the Commissioner had no such
authority, and his remarks on that point are alike
unwarranted and gratuitous. But if there could
be an inquiry into this question, why was the
charge extravagant ? It certainly was not unusual;
for the records of his own office showed, as well
in relation to the Cherokee as to other Indians, a
contingent fee of one-half the amount obtained
had been repeatedly allowed counsel. Why, then,
was this contract to be made an exception, and all
my time, all my heavy expenditures, and all my
trouble to go for nothing, unless I succeeded in
correcting the errors of Gnvernmentoffieers, which,
as ia shown in this ease, was a most difficult and
laborious task, and quite uncertain, however clear
the justice of the claim ? So far from being ex-
travagant, under the circumstances of this case, it
was as fair, equal, and just an agreement as ever
was made between man and man, and has re-
sulted in great benefits to thie Chickasaws, which,
in the absence of my contracts, they would not
have realized. You will observe it was not
merely my services in this case which constituted
the consideration of this contract, although they
alone would have been sufficient; but there were
other and ampler considerations upon which it
would fairly rest. I will enumerate some of them:
1st. The error was discovered exclusively by
n.e, but for which the Chickasaws would never
have realized anything from this claim.
2ii. I had already succeeded, during the prece-
ding session of Congress, after much toil and labor,
in procuring the passage of a law by which the
Government of the United States assumed the
payment of the interest on all the stocks of the de-
linquent States, involving the payment of the prin-
cipal as well as the interest, amounting to several
hundred thousand dollars, which appropriation
Congress had refused for years to make, although
urged to do so by the Commissioner of Indian Af-
faiis. I was entitled by my contract of Novem-
ber, 1844, to one half of this amount. The ap-
propriation had been obtained, and the money due
me, when, in June, 1845, by the present contract,
I relinquished my undoubted right to all that sum
(which far exceeds the present amount) for the
contingent and uncertain prospect of one half the
present claim, if it could be obtained, through
years of toil and labor. Let it be remembered here,
also, that when in April, 1845,1 agreed to surren-
der my ascertained right under the contract of
November, 1844, to one half of this interest ac-
count, the question of correcting the error in tins
account was about being brought before the
proper officers of the Government. The Second
Auditor had acknowledged the error, and the Sec-
retary of War declared it ought to be corrected,
and there was some prospect of my realizing my
half of the same, to which I would have been en-
titled anyhow, under thfe contract of November,
1844. Subsequently, however—to wit, on the
26th of April, 1845—my hopes seemed to be all
blasted by the decision of the Attorney General of
the United States, before referred, to, declaring
that in consequence of the inhibition of the act of
3d of March, 1845, this error could not be cor- ,
rected. Yet, notwithstanding all this, I held on
in good faith to my proposition to the commis-
sioners to surrender my ascertained rights, under
the contract of 1844, to half of the interest fund,
and to cancel that contract upon the execution of
the present agreement, the prospects of success
under which were then so dark and gloomy. With
such facts before him, then, it would have been
impossible for the Commissioner to suppose that
this contract was extravagant.
But, again, the opposing counsel have relied
much on the opinion of Major Armstrong; yet I |
have shown by his letters that he considered the
present contract perfectly fair and just, and my
! conduct" magnanimous;" that the contract was
j explained by him to the commissioners, and
signed by them on his recommendation. Now,
, was not the opinion of this officer, so intimately ac-
; qnainted with the Chickasaws and with all the facts
of this case, much more likely to be correct than I
the views of the Commissioner given during my j
1 absence in California, and in the absence also of the
| facta t have stated '—facta which are indispensable [
to a true understanding of the case. But I will now
j show that the Commissioner himself, by his own
act, did affirm the validity of this very contract, by
sisuing a requisition for the payment of money un-
der its provisions, to wit: one half of the land fund
to which I was entitled under the same. The
provision, as regards both these funds, was em-
braced in the same clause of this contract, and
stood upon the same basis precisely of law and
justice, the proportional amount being the same,
and the principle involved the same. That the
Commissioner decided in favor of my right to one
half this land fund, under this contract, as shown
by hiB requisitions of the 11th of August, 1846,
before given, and was estopped by that act and
that adjudication of hi3 own from contesting its
validity, is clear and unquestionable.
The Commissioner quotes the 3d section of the
act of the 3d of March, 1847—namely, that " all
executory contracts made and entered into by any
Indian for the payment of money or goods shall
be deemed and held to be null and void, and of no
■ binding effect whatsoever." It would be enough to
say that this law was entered into, and that it
. could not have, and was not intended to have, any
retrospective operation to invalidate an existing
contract. But it has no application prospectively
I to a case like this, when a solemn treaty, which
is the supreme law of the land, pointed out the
commissioners and functionaries who should bind
a nation and conduct its affairs. No law could set
aside, or was intended to set aside, such a treaty,
j But the law was exclusively applicable, not to of-
; ficial functionaries, designated by treaty, but to
individual Indians, dealing in their private capa-
i city. Nor was this law an affirmance of any pre-
i vious practice in relation to such functionaries; on
the contrary, the practice had been directly other-
wise, as appears in repeated cases decided by the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, including the de-
cision to which I have before referred of this very
Commissioner, under date of the 11th of August,
1846, affirming my contract with the Chickasaw
commissioners, which is now contested. If, then,
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs is of the opin-
ion that such contracts only with the Chickasaw
commissioners shall be deemed valid as that func-
tionary shall consider just and equitable, he him-
; self, by his own official act, has affirmed the jus-
I tice and validity of this very contract.
U I will now, as briefly as possible, review the ar-
guments and charges of the opposing counsel
Fortunately, in this case, their charges, so fat as
1 am concerned, are shown to be false by thereo*
ords of the country. The first charge is, that on
the contract of November, 1844, (subsequently
cancelled,) I obtained under the administration of
President Tyler the sum of $7,972 20, and then
withdrew that contract from the files of the Treas-
ury. Now, this statement, as the records show,
is false in-every particular. This was a claim for
interest due by the Agricultural Bank of Missis-
sippi to the Chickasaws, and paid by that bank
on settlement through the Government of the Uni-
ted States. It was first presented by me, in ,
1844, to J. C. Spencer, then Secretary of the
Treasury, and as such, under the treaty, the trus-
tee of the fund. He gave a written opinion in
favor of the claim, and upon that opinion it was
carried by me, in January, 1845, before the Sec-
ond Auditor and Second Comptroller, who, con-
curring in opinion with Secretary Spencer, decided
in favor of the claim and of its payment to me un-
der a distinct and independent power of attorney,
executed by the Chickasaw commissioners, at the
same time of the general power, -(subsequently
cancelled,) upon that decision of the Second Au-
ditor and Second Comptroller. Judge Wilkins,
then Secretary of War, issued his requisition in
my favor for the amount, which was paid to ms
| in January, 1845, on the warrant of Judge Bibb,
I then Secretary of the Treasury.
That distinct and independent power from the
commissioners to draw that sum remains now,
and ever has remained, on file among the papers
: with the Second Auditor. This sum was not
drawn upon this general contract of 1844, which
was never on the files of any Department of the
Government, never presented to any officer thereof,
and no money ever drawn or attempted to be
drawn thereon. Here, then, are two falsehoods
of Which these men are convicted by the records:
first, that this money-was drawn on this general
power of attorney and contract of November,
1844; and, second, that that contract was with-
drawn "from the files of the Government. This
alone should stamp the reckless and profligate
character of these charges. But there are other
falsehoods which are still more atrocious. The
next charge is, that the claim for $5,130 15 was
" presented at the Treasury, allowed and paid,
without the administrative examination required
by law, and even without the knowledge of the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs that any such
claim was really in existence, much less that it
was presented for payment." The whole of this
is shown to be utterly false, and the reverse of the
truth, by the records of the country, heretofore
referred toby me, and imbodied in this statement.
The claim, it has been shown, with this identical
power and contract now in controversy attached
to it, went before the Second Auditor, as required
by the act of 20th April, 1836, by whom it was
allowed, and the contract declared to be valid, in
August, 1846. In the same month it went to the
Second Comptroller, by whom the action of the
Auditor was confirmed and the contract sustained.
It then went up to the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, by whom the action of the Second Auditor
and Second Comptroller was affirmed, and this
contract declared valid by his report to the Secre-
tary of War, of the 11th August, 1846, for the
payment of this money; whereupon, Secretary
Marcy affirmed the claim and contract, by Issuing
his requisition, before quoted, upon the Secretary
of the Treasury for its payment to my assignee
under this contract, when it was accordingly paid.
So much for the atrocious falsehood that this Bum
was paid without the knowledge of the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs. The next charge ia, re-
ferring to the present contract, that " the original
paper can be very satisfactorily traced out of the
possession of the War Department into the pos-
session of Dr. Gwin." Now, this statement is
absolutely false—which would seem to intimate col-
lusion between the officers of the War Department
and myself- It is true, as the records show, that
this paper is traced last to the office of the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, but it is an infamous
falsehood that it was last traced out of that or any
j other office into my possession. It was my in-
1 terest, and that of my assignee, that the original
I paper should remain on file in the office. It was
