390
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 21,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
The Chickasaw Claims—Mr. Gwin.
Senate.
the interest of those who opposed the payments j
that it should disappear, in order to raise objec-:]
tions that were subsequently made by them. Now, >
'in point of fact, it was not until January, 1850,
that the original seems to have disappeaied; for
on the fifth (5th) of that month, the affidavit of,
Mr. Corcoran was made upon the copy and filed.
Now, that copy is not only proved by the affidavit ,
of Mr. Corcoran, but it is certified to be a " literal
and exact copy of the original," by Samuel F.
Butterworth, the witness to my signature. Mr.
Butterworth was district attorney for many years
for the northern district of Mississippi, under the
administration of Mr. Van Buren. His signature
is well known to many members of Congress, and
could have been identified by a number of his offi-
cial documents, as district attorney, now on file.
To remove all cavil, I herewith insert Mr. Butter-
worth's affidavit, which is conclusive on the sub-
ject:
'■ On or about the 6th of March, 1846, at the request of
William >1. Gwin, i caiefully compared the contract of said
Gwin with the chiefs, commissioners, and headincn of the
Chickasaw nation with a copy of said contract, prepared
by said Gwin, and found said copy to he correct, and signed
the following certificate of the correctness of the same upon
Baid copy: 41 do hereby certify that the above is a literal i
and exact copy of the instrument to which William M.
Gwin has signed his name, as witnessed by me.
"SAM. F. BUTTERWORTH.'"
"The city and county of New York: Before me, Neil
Gray, a commissioner of deeds, this day personally appeared
the above S. F. Butterwoith, who being sworn, says that
the foregoing statement and certificate are true.
"NEIL GRAY,
Commissioner of Deeds."
Fortunately, however, for the cause of truth and
justice, in May, 1846, in addition to the copy
attested by Mr. Butterworth, as an additional
precaution I took another copy of the original con-
tract, which copy was certified as follows by A.
D. Wooldridge, esq., deputy postmaster at New
Orleans, where the original was mailed at that of-
fice to Mr. Corcoran:
"New Orleans Post Office, March 6, 1846. j
"X hereby certify that the within document is ail exact j
copy of an original this day mailed in this office by Dr. W.
M. Gwin, late of the State of Mississippi, now of the cily !
of New Orleans, and directed to W. W. Corcoran, esq., I
of the house of Corcoran & RiJ®', bankers, Washington
city, District of Columbia.
« A. D. WOOLDRIDGE,
" Assistant Postmaster.''
The signature of Mr. Wooldridge, who is now ,
chief engineer of Louisiana, is well known, and
can be identified by the delegation in Congress
from that State. What becomes, then, of the foul
insinuation that the copy sworn to by Mr. Corco-
ran may not be a true copy of the original? To
show, however, the reckless audacity of these
charges, an attempt is subsequently made by these
very parties to show that this identical contract
was executed in fact, but not until after the resig-
nation of the commissioners. I now come to
another charge, which 1 will show to be equally
false and reckless. It is, that 1 was forced to aban-
don the contract of 1844 in consequence of the .
protest of Mr. Upshaw, the Chickasaw agent, of
the 19th March, 1845. Now, this protest was j
never known or heard of, except to Bryan and his |
associates, until long after the original contract
had been surrendered, and the second one, now
in controversy, obtained. The first intimation of
the existence of this protest, furnished by the pa-
pers, is in the paper of the 16th January, 1850,
filed by Epperson and Bryan against this claim, in
the handwriting of Bryan, in which they say that
Upshaw, on the 19th March, 1845, " drew up a
protest against the payment of any further sum of
money to Dr. Gwin under the contract aforesaid."
This paper, let it be observed, as before stated, is j
in Bryan's handwriting— that it is written origin-
ally " filed a protest," &c. But not daring to
persist in this flagrant falsehood, which could be
so readily contradicted by the records, he changed
so as to make it read, " drew up a protest," &c.
In truth, it never was filed until the 11th Febru-
ary, 1850, as appears by Bryan's own statement
filed on that day. After quoting from this protest,
he says: " We would invite attention to the pro-
test of Upshaw, dated Washington, March 19,
1845, herewith submitted." Mark the words
used by Bryan in that paper, "herewith submit-
ted." Up to that date no such paper had been on
file; and up to that very date the requisition of
Upshaw, and the absence of any protest by him,
had been urged in favor of this claim by the coun-
sel of Corcoran & Riggs. Here, then, at the last
extremity, and for the first time, this protest,
which shows upon its face that it is every word, ;
except the signature, in the handwriting of Bryan,
is produced and filed, having been detained during
the whole preceding time in his possession. Be-
fore, however, proceeding tothat point, and show- j
ing for what purpose this official protest was
written by Bryan, and withheld from the files of
the office during a period of nearly five years, I
call attention to another falsehood apparent upon
the face of the papers. In Bryan's letter, before
referred to, of the 16th January, 1850, he says that
Upshaw " drew up" this protest. Now, upon a
comparison of the protest with the other papers of
Bryan, it appears that Upshaw did not draw it up,
but that it was drawn up by Bryan.himself, every
word of it except the signature, being in his own
handwriting. But why, then, on the 19th of
•March, 1845, did Bryan draw up this protest,
which is an official paper, signed by Upshaw as
Chickasaw agent, addressed to T. H. Crawford,
Commissioner of Indian Affairs; and why also did
he, for a period of neatly five years, withhold the
official papers from the files of the office? 1 will
show his motives hereafter. On the 19th March,
1845, as he seems to have been ever since, Bryan
was purely a volunteer in this case, not having been
employed in it in any way by the Chickasaws;
but he was, as the record shows, a professional
prosecutor of claims before the Department, and
especially of Indian claims, and he could have no
possible motive in obtaining and suppressing this
paper, except to extort money from me, and, upon
a failure to do so, then to use it to defeat my claim,
and secure a compensation from the Chickasaws
for so doing: hence its suppression until the 11th
February, 1850. We have seen the fraudulent
suppression of this protest by Bryan; and it can
be clearly shown from the paper itself, that it must
have been fraudulently obtained from Upshaw—
no doubt by showing one paper to him and fraudu-
lently substituting another for his signature.
That some imposition was practiced must be
seen upon reference to the paper; for it contains
statements which are false, and which Upshaw
must have known could have been shown by the
public records to be false. Now, the first false-
hood contained in this protest, is the following
statement, referring to the cancelled power of at-
torney of 1844: "This power of attorney was
drawn up by Dr. Gwin, and was general in its
character, and has since been deposited with the
accounting officers at Washington, and a large
sum of money due by the Government to the
Chickasaws, paid over to Dr. Gwin as their attor-
ney, under the power of attorney before referred to."
Now, Mr. Upshaw never could have knowingly
made such a statement, because the public records
proved it to be false, as befoie shown, and he knew
it to be so, and that such an assertion would be.
contradicted by the records. The only sum then
drawn by me, as the records show, was the sum
allowed on account of interest due the Chickasaws
from the Agricultural Bank, to prosecute and re-
cover which I had a special power of attorney,
under which it was paid in January, 1845, which
power of attorney was signed by Upshaw himself,
as a subscribing witness, and is on file with the
papers. Here Mr. Upshaw is made by this pro-
test to contradict himself, and to assert what the
records at the time showed to be false.
| The protest continues: "It is known to me,
' having been present at the various interviews be-
' tween Dr. Gwin and the Chickasaw commis-
' sioners,that it was no part of the agreement or
' understanding of the commissioners thatDr.Gwin
' was to demand or receive any money that was at
1 ' the time standing on the books of the Treasury to
' thecreditof the Chickasaw nation, and much less
' such money as would in the regular way be trans-
• mitted by the Indian Office to their anent, to be
' paid over to the Chickasaw people. The under-
' signed is of opinion that, in receiving the amount
' which has been paid over to him, Dr. Gwin has
' transcended the spirit of the authority given to
' him by the Chickasaw commissioners," &c., &c.
Now, the records show that I never set up any
claim to any money that was standing at the time
on the books of the Treasury to the credit of the
'i Chickasaw nation,and that " would, in the regu-
lar way, be transmitted by the Indian office to
their agent, to be paid over to the Chickasaw peo-
ple." So far from this standing to their credit on
the books of the Treasury, the claim was wholly
unknown to them, had never been urged in their
behalf by any one but myself, and its allowance
obtained by me in January, 1845. Nor, but for
my exertions, would it ever have been known, the
existence of the claim having come accidentally
to my knowledge in examining papers appertain-
ing to the Agricultural Bank; and the public re-
cords show that it was allowed and passed to the
credit of the Chickasaws entirely through my in-
strumentality. Yet Mr. Upshaw is made by Bryan
falsely to assert the very reverse of what is shown
to be true by the public records. And here it is
proper to allude to what 1 shall more fully discuss
and prove hereafter, that the intimation that I have
attempted to obtain payment of any claim, which
claim was regularly allowed to the Chickasaws on
the books of the Treasury, or that any power of
attorney I ever obtained frotn the Chickasaws au-
thorized me to receive such moneys, is shown by
the public records to be utterly false and un-
founded. These records show that in every in-
stance the claims prosecuted by me, or for which
1 received, or desired to receive payment, on ac-
count of the Chickasaws, were disputed, never
recognized by the Government, except through
my aid and instrumentality, and, in the very case
now in controversy, were only to be paid by cor-
recting an error against the Chickasaws, made in
1837. These facts, then, show conclusively that
neither Mr. Upshaw nor the Indians, nor any one
else, was ever overreached by me in any one
particular, but that all was fair, open, well under-
stood, and equitable, as 1 shall more fully demon-
strate hereafter. And here 1 will dismiss this
protest by calling attention to the fact, as disclosed
by the papers, that this important official docu-
ment has been suppressed for nearly five years,
which is in itself a high offence.
I come to another outrage committed in this
case. It is the use of what purports to be a letter
dated 12th October, 1846, from Major Armstrong,
who is now dead, and for whose honor it might
be hoped that such a letter had never been writ-
ten. It does not purport to be signed by him, but
only professes to bear his initials; and if he were
living, I would summon him here to explain it, or
if ever he could have placed his initials to such a
production. If these initials, however, indicate
this to be his statement, it shows upon its face
that it must have been obtained by false allega-
tions in the letter to which it purports to be an
answer. Let us contrast some of its statements
with his previous letters to me. In this letter of
the 12th October, Major Armstrong is made to
say: "I had no idea that anything could be ob-
tained for the provisions. The Chickasaws, 1 was
aware, had asked to have the provisions bought,
and never contended for pay. I thought that if
anything was obtained, it would be through Con-
gress, and certainly never there.'' Now, in his
letter to me, in April, 1845, he says: " The money
from the Agricultural Bank, and the provisions
improperly purchased by the Government, are al-
ready lost sight of by the Chickasaws. You may
j by great trouble and labor get some remuneration
from the provision account. If you fail, you lose
your labor." Here, over his own signature, he
asserts that the provisions were " improperly pur-
chased by the Government," and in his letter before
quoted he is made directly to contradict this state-
ment, and to assert that the Chickasaws " had
asked to have the provisions bought, and never con-
tended for pay." Now, independent of this letter
to me, his own previous official letters, and the re-
port of Hitchcock, before referred to in my com-
munications of the 7th April, 1845, and 29th Au-
gust, 1846, demonstrate that these provisions were
not purchased in the mode prescribed by the treaty,
or as requested by the Chickasaws, but that they
were ordered to be purchased before any request
from the Chickasaws reached the Government,
and in a manner totally different from that request,
i and from the requirements of the treaty, in conse-
quence of which the purchase was nearly a " total
loss," as stated by Major Armstrong himself, be-
fore quoted. Now, the Chickasaws could only be
li charged with provisions purchased in pursuance
; of the provisions of the treaty and their request.
