APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
391
31st Cong 2d Sess.
The Chickasaw Claims—Mr. Gurin.
Senate.
But now let me ask if Major Armstrong really did
for a moment suppose that it was uhjust to the
Government to correct this error, why did he ob-
tain for me, from the Chickasaws, the identical
contract and power of attorney now in controversy-,
and by which alone 1 was enabled to correct this
error, and which contract, as appears by his letter
of the Sid of June, 1845, was signed by the Com-
missioner on his recommendation? Also, if it was
unjust to pay this money to the Chickasaws, and
• so known to Major Armstrong, why, as an officer
of the Government, did he not so inform the Pres-
ident? and why did he write to me the friendly
«rul favorable letters of April and May, 1845, both
approving my course in this matter? Why was
the professional prosecutor of Indian claims in-
«trusted with this information in a confidential
letter signed with his initials? nnd why was such
a person, a violent partisan Whig, selected to de-
fend from injury the Democratic administration of
James K. Polk, against one whose best exertions
fcad been given to bring that administration into
power, and to maintain its ascendency? That let-
ter contains the following statement: " 1 have not
* received from the Indian Office the Creek land
* money, or the Choctaw—say Riters and James
* King, Alcee Roebuck, Trahern, &c. Will you
4 please see about it, without saying who gave
* you the cue, &c. ? Look into the Haskins case,
♦and McCoy's, and urge the settlement of them,
* also Betsy Bean's. Wrtte me fully." Here
Major Armstrong, a Government officer, intrusted
with the disbursement of vast sums of pub-
lic money to the Indians, is presented in the
tight of one making confidential suggestions to a
Whig partisan and professional prosecutor of In-
dian claims, in relation to such claims^ and the
action of the Government upon them, with the
extraordinary injunction of secrecy, that he is not
to inform toe Government who gave him the
"cue."
What can be more unwarrantable than to place
among the public archives, without explanation,
•uch a letter—to cast a shade upon the official
character of a public officer, who, being dead,
could not complain for himself?
I will not putsue the examination of this let-
ter and its statements. I could, if I chose, rid-
dle both, so far as I am concerned, but will not.
I have reviewed it sufficiently to destroy any in-
jurious effect any statement in it might have upon
me, and self-defence—all I aim at—requires no
more. I will refer to the papers filed against me
no further. They are full of falsehood not yet no-
ticed; but the imputations upon my acts and char-
acter are now fully refuted, and I dismiss them
without further comment. I will produce .but one
more argument in favor of the validity of my
«laim, which every lawyer will at once appreci-
ate
By reference to Upshaw's protest of the 19th
March, to Armstrong's letters to me of April and ,
.May, and to Johnson's, 3d June, 1845, and the re- ;
citals of the new power, it is abundantly evident, !
and not disputed, that the old power of attorney 1
and contract of November, 1844, was a general :
power, irrevocable, being coupled with an interest, ,
and authorizing me to receive one half of what
might be recovered of this provision fund, with i
which old power in my possession I had com-
menced the prosecution of the claim of the 7th
April, 1845.
Now, it is equally clear by these letters of Arm-
strong that this old power and contract was deliv-
ered to him as an escrow, with his written obliga-
tions to return it to me if the new one was not
executed by the commissioners. If, as now con-
tended, no such new power was executed by the
commissioners, but only private persons, the old
power and contract, it is clear, remains in full
force; and the validity of that power, signed by the
■ix commissioners, by the four chiefs and head-
men, and also by Upshaw himself, as it is admit-
ted in his letter of the 19th March, 1845, is be-
yond dispute. It was approved also, as 1 have
shown, by Stuart, the agent oflsh-ta-ho-to-pa, and
the party hitherto opposed to it. This power and
contract, then, were delivered to Armstrong as an
escrow. The condition alone upon which he was
permitted to surrender it was to obtain a valid new
contract from the commissioners; and the law is
clear, if this condition was not fulfilled, the old
contract is in'full force. That contract could not
be rescinded but by my consent; for it requires the
consent of both parties to rescind as well as make
a contract. Now, it is admitted that 1 only con-
sented to surrender the old contract upon the ex-
press condition that a new valid one should be
substituted in its place; and if this has not been
done, as is now alleged, my assent has never been
given to the rescinding of the old contract, and
consequently it remains in full force, and clearly
authorizes me to receive this money. When the
present Administration came into power, it found
on record a decision of the Second Auditor and
Second Comptroller of the Treasury in favor of
this claim, and a further adjudicaiion by these
same officers that the payment should be made out
of the very fund from which payment has been
made. That decision we have seen by the words
of the law, and by the opinions of Attorneys Gen-
eral Wirt and Taney, was final and conclusive.
We have seen, also, that by a decision of these
same officers, sustained by Commissioner Medill,
on the 11th August, 1846, and ratified by Secre-
tary Marcy on the same day, and carried into ef-
fect by Secretary Walker, this identical contract
and power of attorney was adjudged to be legal
and valid, and the money paid upon it. The Sec-
retary of the interior did nothing more, in the
payment of this claim, than carrying out the de-
cisions already made during the preceding Admin-
istration—decisions which, we have- seen, were
final and conclusive. Instead, however, of paying
the money, as in law he was bound to do, he took
the opinion of the Attorney General, upon a refer-
ence to him of ail the legal questions involved, and
before whom the most elaborate written argu-
ments were made to defeat this claim. The Attor-
ney General, as under the law he was bound to
do, decided in favor of the payment in the manner
indicated in the decision of the proper accounting
i officers of the preceding Administration, and upon
all these solemn adjudications the Secretary of the
Interior paid the money. This act, though just,
legal, and proper, was, in truth, purely ministe-
rial; for he was only carrying out adjudications,
made under the preceding Administration, which
were not only just in themselves buffinol and con-
clusive.
I now propose to examine briefly the apparent
unanimity with which this claim and my agency
have been opposed by the Chickasaws. This ori-
ginates principally from the feuds that exist among
themselves. There has been for years a violent [
opposition to the commissioners, which was
headed by Pitman Colbert. The conduct of the |
commissioners in disposing of the Chickasaw or- J
phan and incompetent fund was generally unpop- [
ular with the nation: added to this was the report J
industriously circulated that immense claims ex- :
isted against the United States, and that I had j
been employed to prosecute them. The existence
of such claims presupposed neglect of duty on the
part of the agents of the government as well as the
commissioners, and the opposition eagerly seized
hold of it to strengthen their cause. The traders
in the nation were also opposed to any one but
themselves having anything to do with the Indian \
business. Before 1 was aware of this opposition,
1 had made considerable progress in the discharge
of the duties I had undertaken. I was induced by
the representations of Mr. Stuart to suppose that
this opposition would cease on his return to the
nation. 1 was afterwards informed by Major
Armstrong that the only point upon which there
might a doubt arise as to my agency was the in-
terest secured to me in the suspended State stocks,
which the nation looked upon as their national
fund, and might censure the commissioners for
disposing of, even or the important services
which he acknowledges I had rendered the nation.
I at once proposed to surrender the whole of my
interest in it, and look altogether for compensation
to such claims as were considered lost to the na-
tion, and from which they had expected noth-
ing until their attention had been drawn to them
by my agency. I proposed, further, to give him
a carte blanche, to make any arrangements he
thought best in the premises. He agreed to re-
ceive the power which had been given to mc, and j
pointed out himself the claims which he ,said he
knew the Indians would willingly surrender to me
to make out of them what 1 could for what I had
done for the national fund in getting the State
stocks assumed by the Government. I drew up
the second power in exact accordance with his in-
structions; but before 1 could get fair copies made
out, he was called off to Nashville, and addressed
me the letter that has been incorporated in these
papers. I forwarded the old and proposed new
power to him, as directed, and in my letter gave
him full power to alter the latter in any way he
pleased. He did alter it, giving me half their
claims instead of the whole, as he had at first sug-
gested. After he left Washington, Ish-ta-ho-to-
pa's protest of the 3d of April, 1845, reached the
Department, and disclosedto me continued opposi-
tion to my agency. 1 replied to it at once, as has
been seen, and supposed the surrender of the
power complained of would remove all objection.
Before the receipt of the new power, the decision
of the Attorney _ General rendered it doubtful
whether anything could be recovered for the pro-
visions purchased at Cincinnati, and I paid no at-
tention to this claim for a year thereafter, when
the repeal of the law of the 3d of March, 1845,
again opened the case. In the mean time, 1 was
not apprised of the continued opposition to my
prosecuting the claim. Major Armstrong had
written to me, on the 22d of May, 1845, thai
many stories were afloat, all of which were false,
and he would correct them. Knowing his great
power with the nation, I did not doubt but he had
done so. Ish-ta-ho-to-pa's protest had acknowl-
edged that I was pursuing the right course to have
justice done the nation, but objected to the amount
of compensation it was supposed I was to receive.
My giving up so large a portion of what I was to
receive, with the assurance of Major Armstrong
that he would correct all the stories afloat to my
prejudice, and refute the falsehoods that had been
circulated, induced me to believe that my services
in this claim would be appreciated and. sustained
by the whole nation—for the most prejudiced
must acknowledge that but for my exertions it
was lost to the Chickasaws. The secret opposi-
tion that the papers filed during my absence in
California discloses to have existed in this city to
my agency for years was unknown to me. I
thought all opposition had ceased with the surren-
der of the old power. I diligently exerted myself
to have a transfer of such funds as would refund
the whole amount, $112,042 99, to the Chicka-
saws, and would have succeeded but for the oppo-
sition to my agency in this city, entirely unau-
thorized by the Chickasaw nation, but which
they were stimulated to prosecute—the profits to
be shared with them by the parties here if they
succeeded in defeating my interest in the claim.
Of the motives that influenced those who got
up this opposition I leave others to judge. It
is certain they would have had nothing to fight over
but for my services in getting this claim allowed.
And now I desire to discuss a branch of the
subject which is far more important to me than
the legal question involved—namely, the perfect
fairness of this whole transaction on my part. To
understand the case, the following brief narrative
is necessary: Upon ah examination of-the accounts
of the Chickasaw nation, and several congres-
sional reports relating thereto, I came to the con-
clusion that large sums of money had been with-
held from them, to which, in my opinion, they
! were justly entitled, and which, by great*Tabor,
1 expense, and perseverance, would probably be
1 awarded them. I contemplated then strict scru-
tiny of these accounts by Congress and the judi-
cial tribunals of the country, as will be shown by
the public records. These errors having been
committed chiefly in the executive department of
the Government, and espei^ally in the War De-
i partment, and by injudicious investments in the
stocks of States "that failed to pay interest, I had
but little hope of success, except through thecourts
of the country and through Congress. Being a
private citizen, and having retired from all public
employment, I repaired in November, 1844, to the
Chickasaw nation—an entire stranger to the agent
and nearly every individual in the nation. Having
1 no influence to bring to bear except the justice of
these claims, so long neglected, I went directly to
the residence of Mr. Upshaw, the agent, and laid
