392
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 21,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
The Chickasaw Claims—Mr. Givin.
Senate.
before him a full statement of all the facts of the
case, and requested him to call the authorized
agents of the nation together, that these facts might
be submitted to them. My conversations with Up-
phaw were public, and in presence of General
Harney, and other officers of the United States
army at Fort Wachita. By these gentlemen I
was honored by a public entertainment, the object
of my business being well known and notorious.
The commissioners, chiefs, and headmen were
met by me in the council-house of the nation;
and in full council, open to every one, and in the
presence of their agent, Mr. Upshaw, these claims
against the Government and individuals, which
had been so long neglected, were fully explained.
Benjamin Love, the most intelligent man in the
nation, and who had acted a3 interpreter in all
their treaties, being one of the commissioners,
acted also as interpreter on this occasion; the only
two surviving commissioners, who signed the
treaty of 1834—Isaac Albertson, the chief of the
nation, and Benjamin Love—all the commis-
sioners, save one, who had long resided out of the
nation, together with a number of the chiefs, head-
men, and Mr. Upshaw, the agent, all being pres-
ent, and participating in the proceedings of that
council. The contract and powers of attorney were
fully explained and fully examined, and met with
the unanimous consent of all present. These pow-
ers themselves, and the memorial to Congress,
signed in the same way and at the same time,
show that the whole matter was fully explained
and fully understood. The claims which I under-
took to prosecute, although complicated and long
neglected, were just and honest, and have all been
finally allowed by Congress, or the Departments.
It will be perceived, by reference to the memorial
to Congress, and the proceedings of Congress
upon it, that I contemplated at that time obtaining
the favorable action of Congress to a thorough
scrutiny of all these accounts and claims in the ju-
dicial tribunals of the country: first, the United
States district court, and finally in the Supreme
Court of the United States. I knew these claims
were just, and therefore desired to subject them to
the fullest scrutiny, both of Congress and the ju-
dicial tribunals. It will be observed that the
agency assumed by m« contemplated great toil,
labor, and perseverance) and large expenditures
of money to be paid, not by the Chickasaws, but
by myself, in costs in court, and to the counsel
whom I should have been compelled to employ in
the Circuitand Supreme Courts ofthe United States.
In all tli'd, then, what was there that was not per-
fectly fair, open, just, and honorable ?
The Chickasaw Commissioners were at perfect
liberty in 1844 to make the contract with me, as it
was done, or decline it; and they voluntarily
chose the former, after the fullest discussion of the
whole subject. The alleged errors having been
committed by executive officers of the Govern-
ment, in relation to a fund of which that Govern-
ment was a trustee, and in regard to which they
had entered into said treaty obligation, it was due
to the Chickasaws that they should be investigated,
not by the same officers who had committed the
errors, but by the judicial tribunals of the Union.
Numerous instances could be cited where these
tribunals had been vested with similar power, both
as regards land and money, under treaty stipu-
lations. I will cite the case of Florida, where mil-
lions were paid upon the award of a single territo-
rial jiSge, On the 28th of February, 1845, the
Senate passed a bill, which was rejected by the
House, authorizing suits to be brought against the
United States by the Chickasaw nation. 1 annex
a copy of that bill,* to show that, in taking this
*The following is the bill referred to above :
AN ACT to enable the Chickasaw nation to try the va-
lidity of their claims in f.ie courts ofthe United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
ofthe United States of America in Congress awembled, Thdt
tne Chickasaw nation, through their commissioners, under
the treaties of one thousand eight hundred and thirty-two
and one thousand eight hundred and thirty-four, be, and
they are hereby, authorised to file a petition, in the nature
of a bill in chancery, in the circuit court of the United
States for the District of Columbia, setting forth their claims
under said treaties, or either of them, against the Unitid
States; the citation to answer which l t'l s-h HI be -erved on
lh-? attorney of the United States for said District, whose
duty it shall be to file an answer to said bill; and the game
proceedings shall be had in the case as in ordinary proceed-
ings in chancery, and the court shall enter a decree for such
agency, I desired to receive nothing from the
United States but what was subject to the severest
judicial scrutiny; and that, so far from providing
for drawing any portion of the sums ad judged to
be due to the Chickasaws, the bill expressly pro-
vided that they shall be u held and disposed of"
by the United State3, subject to the trusts speci-
fied in said treaties.
It shows further that I was willing to risk the
judgment of the courts as to the power of the com-
missioners to make this contract with me, and
look to the nation and its authorized agents to
carry it out.
I have entered into this elaborate examination
of this case for reasons that must be obvious to
every one. It was due to myself, as well as to
the people of California, who have elected me to
represent them in the Senate of the United States,
that any imputation upon rny act3 and charac-
ter should be, as it now is, fully answered, and I
hope I may be permitted to say, successfully re-
futed.
WILLIAM M. GWIN.
Hon. Wm. Richardson,
House of Representatives.
Washington City, -August 29,1846.
Sir: As the agent of the Chickasaw nation, 1 addressed
you a letter on the 7th April, 1845, netting forth and prov-
ing a great and palpable error in charging certain provis-
ions purchased in Cincinnati in the Spring of 1837 to the
Chickasaw fund.
By your letter of the 15th of April, 1845, you referred my
communication to the Secretary of War, staling your own
views as follows: "It appears to me that error was coui-
♦ nutted in the former action of the accounting officers in
4connection with the officers ofthe War Department. But
i I should consider it proper to refer the case to yourself first
' for examination and suggestion before any action in It my-
i self. The whole is, therefore, submitted to you, with a re-
I { quest that you will do me the honor to express your views
! e upon the subject."
It is manifest, then, that you were fully satisfied, and so
declared, " that error was committed in the former action of
accounting officers in connection with the officers of the
War Department."
On the 18th of April, 1845, the Secretary of War, in re-
ply to your communication, gave hid views as follows: !
" 1 think that this account, so far it has been acted on, |
< having passed this Department, and there being no power
< here to do more than to give to the vouchers and accounts |
'an 4 administrative examination,5 not a settlement, I have ,
'no official authority in the premises; but, as an expression
' of my individual views, I can only say that if the accounting
'officers of the Treasury are satisfied that an error has been
'committed, it ought to be corrected, unless there is a legal
' prohibition against opening and reconsidering the matter.
< Whether such a prohibition is imposed by the 4th section
< ofthe law of March 3,1845, is aquestion which belongs ex-
' clusively to the accounting officers of the Treasury to«de-
«cide. In regard to this question, u is not my duty, nor am
41 prepared to express an opinion."
It is clear, then, that the Secretary of War entertains, and
expressed the opinion, that it was not only the right butthe
duty of the accounting officer to correct this error, unless
■ " prohibited by the 4th section of the law of March 3,
1845." His language is strong and emphatic, with the case
I fully before hun, that except lor thisfoith section,'k if the
accounting officers are satisfied that an en or has been corn-
i muted, it ought to be corrected." He also states by whom
this correction should be made, namely, not by himself,
1 but " by the accounting officers of the Treasury." A short
! time beiore this you had called with me, in company with
the Second Comptroller, upon the Secretary of the Treas-
1 uiy, to confer with him upon the matter. This call whs
1 made by you upon the Secretary of the Treasury, as
i standing at the head ol your dcpirunent, and constituted
i by law the trustee of tins very Chickasaw fund in regard to
! which the question was pending. At this interview the
I Secretary ol the Treasury asked both of you whether the
j facts stated in my letter, bclore referred to, of me 7th April,
1 1845, and in the rv port of Colonel Hitchcock, were before
! the accounting officers of the Treasury when this error
was committed, to which it was replied that these facts
weie never before them until long after this error was com-
1 united; stating, further, that if such facts had been before
1 thein at that time, the account would nothave been parsed.
! The Secretary, after conferung and consulting with both
j of you for some time, came to the conclusion, in which
j sum, it any, as may be found due by the United States to
said Chickasaw nation, reserving to either parly the right
to appeal to ilie Supreme Court of the Unit>d States. And
if said decree shall be against the United States, an appeal
shall be taken to the Supreme Court of the United States;
j and if, upon the appeal of either party, said decree shall be
! affirmed, m whole or in part, by said court, the", and in
] that case, such sum, if any, as may be finally adjudged by
i said Supreme Court to be due by the United States to the
j Chickasaw nation shall be accounted for by the United
j States, and held and disposed of by them, subject to the
j trusts specified in said treaties; and said decree, whether
| for or against the United States, shall be final and conclu-
i sive; and the appeal authorized by this act shah be taken
! within a period not exceeding one year from the date of
I said decree.
II Passed the Senate, February 28, 1845.
you both concurred, that the error onsht to he corseted,
not by him, either as Secretary of the Treasury or as trustee
of the Chickasaw fund, hut by yourselves, as the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury, fir-tcoii-ulting the Sec-
retaiy of Wai in relation to the matter. The Secretary of
the Treasury called your attention, however, to the 4th sec-
tion of the act of the 3d March, 1845, arid expressed an
opinion that it might perhaps be found to interpose a har-
rier to any inquiry into the matter. You then consulted
the Secretary of War, and obtained his reply, a* befme
stated. Here, then, were the coneumns opinions of the
Secretary ofthe Treasury, of the Secretary of War. and of
the proper accounting officers of the Tieasur). that this
erroi should he corrected by thos.' accounting officers, un-
less >uch correction was prohibned" by the 4th section ofthe
act of the 3d of March 1845—that section being the only
obstacle to the conection.
On the 21st day of April, 1845, 3 ou addressed the Secre-
tary of the Treasury on rhissubject, requesting him to obtain
the opinion ot the Attorney General on the single point of
law that interposed any difficulty, namely: " whether the
4th section of the act of the 3d of March, 1845, prohibited
the correction of this oiror." To the inquiry ol the Secre-
tary of the Treasury as to this question of law, the Attor-
ney General, in a letter addressed to the Secretary, dated
April 26, 1815, replied, giving it as his opinion,,e tnat the
4th section of the act o' the 3d March, 1845, inhibited the
correction of this error."
The opinion of the Attorney Genera! against the opening
of this account 1* bastd exclusively on the inhibition of
this fourth section; for he says: " In considering the question
submitted, therefore, I am uot influenced by any opinion
or belief that there is no such error as Higgested, but am
confined to the inquiry whether the account of the Chick-
asaw fund kept at the Treasury is within the provisions of
the section of the act under consideration." It is clear, then,
that but for this fourth section the Attorney General per-
ceived no obstacle to the opening ofthn account. Jt seems
to me also apparent that the < rror in question was recog-
nized and perceived by the Attorney General; for he uses
the following emphatic language on that subject, viz: " I am
not influenced by any opinion or belief that there is no such
error as suggested." It is manifest, then, that the Secretary
of tne Treasury, the Secretary of War, the Attorney Gen-
eral, and the accounting officers of the Treasury, were all of
opinion, in April, 1845, that this error ought to be corrected,
and that it then certainly would have been corrected but for
the inhibition of the 4th section of the act of the 3d March,
1845.
My attention was called by you to the followine passage
in the opinion of the Supreme Court of the United States,
contained 111 15 Teters, pages 400, 401, as follows
"The third instruction asked the court to say, among
6 other thit.gs, if the credits given by mi. Barry were for ex-
'tra allowances which the said Postmaster General was not
' legally authorized to allow, then it was the duty of the
' ptesent Postmaster General to disallow such items ofcrcdit.
e The successor of Mr. Barry had the same power, and nO
< more than his predecessor, and the power of the former
'did not extend to the recall of credits or allowances made
* by Mr. Barry, if he acted within the scope of official au-
' thority given by law to the head of the Department. This
' right m an incumbent of reviewing a predecessor's decis-
' ion, extends to mistakes in matters of fact arising from er-
'rors of calculation, and to cases of rejected claims in which
< material testimony is afterwards discovered and pro-
duced."
Now, this decision is clearly in favor of the reopening of
this account. The Postmaster General who succeeded Mr.
Barry had corrected an account allowed by Mr. Barry, and
the court says: " The successor of Mr. Barry had the same
' power, and no more than his predecessor; and the power of
' the former did not extend to the lecall of credits or allow-
' ances made by Mr. Harry, if he acted within the scope of
'official authority given by law to the head of the Depart-
'ment." Here it is emphatically decided by the highest
authority that the power of one Postmaster General to cor-
rect the errors made in «n account by Ins predecessor is the
same power as that possessed by the Postmaster General
who committed the error, and thai Postmaster General
Kendall had the same power as Postmaster General Barry
to correct an error made by the latter. The principle is
here settled that the succes-ors of accounting officers, or of
the head of a Department acting in the capacity of an ac-
counting officer, has the same power to correct the errors
of preceding officers as that possessed by the officer by
whom the error was commuted That is much stronger
than this case; for here one of the very accounting officers
bv whom, in tl p absence of the facts, this error was com-
mitted, is still the incumbent of the same office. That offi-
cer having been misled, by the withholding of the facis
fjoin him, into committing this grievous error upon ihe weak
but friendly and dependent tribe of Indians who had in-
trusted then funds to this Government, ! cannot doubt (hat
he will feel it not only a right but a sacred obligation and
duty to correct this error. This error was committed by
him under circumstances involving no cen-ure or reproach,
for the true state of the case was withheld from him; and
he is now onlv asked to do that justice which it is admitted
he then would have done if the facts now presented had
been then befoie him.
But I go further, and say, in the language of the Supreme
Court before quoted, that this entry, under the circum-
stances, was not "within the scope of official authority
given by law" in relation to this charge made against the
Chickasaws. By the 10th article of the treaty of 183i, ad-
mired to be in full force, it is provided as follows:
"Art. 10. Whenever the Chickasaw nation shall deter-
' mine to remove from and leave their present country, they
' will give the President of the United States timely notice
( of such intention, and the President will furnish thein the
' necessary funds and means for their transportation and
' journey, and tor one year's provisions after they reach their
' new homes, in such quantity as the nation may require;
'and the full amount of such funds, transportation, and pro-
