394
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 28,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Foreign Steam Mail Service—Mr. Meade.
Ho. op Reps.
FOREIGN STEAM MAIL SERVICE.
SPEECH OF HON. R. K. MEADE,
of virginia,
In the House of Representatives,
Friday, February 28, 1851.
The House being ui Committee of the WhoJe on thestate
of the Union, (Mr. Richardson in the chair,) and having
under consideration the naval appropriation bill, Mr. Meade
gave notice of his intention to offer an amendment provi-
ding for the establishment of two lines of mail steamers—
one between the ports of Baltimore, Philadelphia, and
Norfolk, in the United States, and Antwerp in Europe, and
lhe other between San Francisco and China.
Mr. MEADE said:
Mr. Chairman : I intend to offer an amend-
ment to that portion of the bill that contains appro-
priations for the payment of the transportation of
the mails to foreign countries. The first objection
in relation to an amendment of this character, is
one which has reference to the constitutional ques-
tion involved in it. I wish to say but a few words
in relation to that objection; and in doing so, I
claim particularly the attention, not of those gen-
tlemen who voted for the act of 1845, establishing
a mail line between New York and Bremen, not
particularly of those who believe in the full con-
stitutional power of Congress to provide steamers
for the Navy and for the transportation of mails
across the Atlantic; but I make my remarks par-
ticularly for the benefit of the gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. McLane,] who addressed the
committee upon this subject some days ago, and
other strict constructionists around me, who in
■whispers expressed frequently their surprise that
2, together with the Virginia 'delegation, should be
induced, by the advantages proffered by the par-
ticular scheme now pending before Congress, to
forego those principles which had hitherto gov-
erned us in our votes here, and indulge in a lat-
itudinous construction of the Constitution for the
sake of the local benefits expected to be conferred
by this measure.
I do not deny that the particular scheme which I
wish to propose to the committee before the bill
has been voted upon, recommends itself in some
degree, from certain specific benefits which I ex-
pect that my State will derive from it. At the same
time I assure this body, that so far as the Consti-
tution is concerned, no views of private policy
and expediency, no incidental benefits of a local
character, would ever induce me even to bringdown
on myself the slightest suspicion of my fidelity
to a strict construction of the Constitution. Mr.
Chairman, I have examined the Journals of this
body from the time that the first proposition for
the encouragement of projects of this kind was
made, and find that so little importance was at-
tached to the constitutional question that no one
from the North or the South, from the East
or from the West, rose in his place here for the
purpose of demanding that the yeas and nays, on ,
any question of this sort, should be recorded. The
laws for the establishment of a line of steamers
from New York to Bremen; that establishing
another mail line of steamers between New York
and Liverpool; and that again for the establish-
ment of a line from New York to Chagres, and
from Panama to Oregon, were all passed by this
body without the yeas and nays being demanded
by any member present. If the question was one
involving a violation of the Constitution, where
were those faithful friends of the Constitution at
that time, that they should not deem it necessary
to put any mark upon those who, in their opin-
ion, were unfaithful to a strict construction of that
instrument?
Mr. Chairman, the Constitution confers upon 1
the Congress of the United States the power " to
provide for and maintain a Navy," and we find no
limitations to that power; it is left to Congress
to decide upon the means that it may deem best 1
and most expedient, and most economical. If a '
proposition is brought before this House having
for its object the establishment of a Navy, or for
the purpose of rendering that Navy more efficient,
the question is never raised or discussed here,
whether we have a constitutional right to exercise !
this power. If, then, it is admitted, as 1 think it !
must be, that Congress has the right to provide a
Navy for the national defence, it has most deci- i
dedly the right to authorize the building of war
steamers, as much as the building of sailing ves-
{ sels for this purpose. No one will deny that we
have the right to build sailing vessels; why, then,
we may not build steamers, I cannot conceive.
If, in a time of profound peace, we may provide
ourselves with sailing vessels, when probably not
one of them may be wanted for the purpose of
defence, then we may build war steamers for a
like purpose.
Mr. Chairman, a great deal was said, when the
subject of fortifications was up in this House, in
relation to the necessity of defending our frontiers
from the depredations of the Indians. We spend
some $8,000,000, or $10,000,000, per annum, for
the purpose of protecting a few of our inhabitants
from their hostilities. Well, now I propose that
we establish an efficient steam navy, for the pur-
pose of defending our maritime frontiers. Sir, in
some sense the various nations of the world are
on our frontier—the sea being our domain, and
every vessel with an American flag an American
hamlet. To protect these, power is given to us to
provide a navy, and we may exercise our dis-
cretion in relation to the manner in which that
power shall be executed. Well, suppose that it
should be decided by this House that we are not
in wantof war steamers. Suppose that a majority
of this body should think that at this time such a
force is unnecessary; then I am free to admit that
any local benefits that particular portions of
this country might possibly derive from the ex-
istence of such a force, would sink into insignifi-
cance.
The main object of this bill is—and it should be
the object of all legislation upon this subject—the
( permanent establishment of a naval force upon
\ the ocean for the defence of our national interests.
It is, and should be our object to put ourselves in
such a position that we may be able efficiently to
protect the commerce of our common country in
| all the seas through which it is spread. Then, sir,
j the subject resolves itself into this simple question;
Has Congress a right to build war steamers ? And
if we decide that question in the affirmative, as I
think we have already done, the next question is:
Is it expedient that we should do so, and shall we
do so? I do not think that any incidental advan-
tages that may be derivable from the transporta-
tion of the mails could justify our adoption of
such a measure. Nothing less, I think, than the
defence and protection of our country and its
commerce, could justify us in authorizing the
construction of war steamers. But in view of the
fact that every maritime power with whom we
may possibly come in collision, has provided itself
with a large and efficient steam navy,—in view of
the fact that in ten or fifteen days from a declara-
tion of war with Great Britain, France, or Russia,
the mouth of the Mississippi might be block-
aded with fifty war steamers,—in view of the
fact that we have at present no means of de-
fending ourselves from such an attack, I think
that it becomes a matter of serious inquiry, not
simply whetheu. we are authorized, but whether
we are not obligated to adopt such a policy. I was
informed by the Secretary of the Navy, under
Mr. Polk's administration, that at the time the
Oregon question was pending, and whilst we were
apprehensive of difficulty with Great Britain, un-
questionably the greatest naval power in the
world, she could have concentrated at the mouth
of the Mississippi, or any other given point, fifty
war steamers in fifteen days.
Well, Mr. Chairman, I voted against the fortifi-
cation bill, because these fortifications could notbe
moved about from one point to another; because
they could not at will be placed at such points as
for the time might require protection most. I
should have voted for the bill if they could have
been converted into movable fortifications. I did
not vote for that bill, because I believed that
those means of defence were too partial in their
character—less national than they should be;
but war steamers are a species of fortification
that can be moved about from one end of the
country to the other, and can be concentrated
upon any particular point where they may be
most requisite at almost a moment's warning.
We have as many as seven hundred or eight hun-
dred whaling vessels in the Pacific ocean, worth
from $30,000,000 to $40,000,000, whose annual pro.
ducts are from $10,000,000 to $ 11,000,000. Suppose
we were to get into a war with some foreign power,
without any means of defending this immense com-
merce, what would become of it ? And in this con-
nection I do not hesitate to say, that I do not believe
that, when some time ago we made appropriations
for the various lines of mail steamers from New
York to various foreign ports, that we simply had
in view the carrying of our mails, but we had some
intention at the same time of providing increased
means of national defence. By these appropria-
tions we settled the question as to whether or not
we had any constitutional power to build war
steamers; and in this belief I now present another
proposition, by which a more efficient class of war
, steamers can be secured to Government, and upon
| terms far more favorable. The question—and the
only question, then, that is addressed to us—is,
whether we shall adopt this means of increasing the
power of our naval forces? What are the means
of doing so which I propose ? I propose that we
should add to our present steam navy some ten
new vessels, four of which should ply from the
Atlantic shores to Europe, and six from the shores
of the Pacific—from San Francisco to Shanghai.
When these large steamers shall have been put
upon their respective routes, we shall be enabled
to curtail the expenses of our Navy, by withdraw-
ing the naval force that we now have upon the
Pacific, and putting the protection of our immense
j mercantile marine on that ocean in charge of our
' steam marine. At present we have about twelve
| war steamers running from New York to various
points. Their annual cost is $1,137,000. We
propose to establish an equal number of war steam-
ers, that shall at least be equal in tonnage and use-
fulness to those in existence now, and that shall
not cost the Government one cent. In ten years
from this time the annual appropriations that you
are making for the war steamers that are now
( running, will equal some SI 1,370,000; you will in
that period have expended that sum for the servi-
ces of twelve war ships.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. The honora-
ble gentleman does not take into his calculation
the very considerable amount of postage returned
to Government by these vessels.
Mr. MEADE. I intended to notice that fact,
nor shall I pass it over. I was about to observe,
that when I compare the lines that Messrs. Thomp-
son propose to establish from Philadelphia, Balti-
more, and Norfork, to Antwerp, and from San
Francisco to Shanghai, with the lines now in ex-
istence, the balance in favor of the former appears
to me, in dollars and cents, to be about $1,000,000
annually. The great difference between the pro-
posal of Mr. Thompson, and the maintenance of
the lines in existence is this: Mr. Thompson asks
you to lend him, upon good security, the money
which you give to Others. I will endeavor to de-
monstrate that fact. He proposes to construct ten
warsteamersof three thousand tons each, to be built
under the direction of the Secretary of the Navy,
applicable to war purposes in 'case of necessity.
You are to have ten war steamers built for less
than you are now annually giving to twelve steam-
ers already constructed. I do not say this, nor
do I say anything that 1 have uttered, to prejudice
the other lines. I approve of the policy by which
the other lines were established; I approve of the
expenditure of money upon this object—to have
twelve large war steamers always ready for the
service of the country, running from the city of
New York. They were constructed for the pur-
poses of conducing to the benefit of the country in
various ways, and to some extent they have done
so. I do not wish that the lines now in operation
should be injured in any way by anything that I
may say, because I approved, and I still approve
of the policy by which they were established.
But what is the proposal made by Mr. Thomp-
son? It is that Government shall loan to him
$5,000,000, to be repaid in ten years from this
time, in yearly installments, until all is paid, upon
condition that he will add to this sum $1,000,000
out of his private resources, and build you with
this money ten war steamers, under the directions
: of the Secretary of the Navy. The loan, as I
have said, is to be returned at the expiration of
the ten years with interest; and, in the mean time,
Mr. Thompson is under the obligation to keep
these vessels in repair, and fitted for the purpose
