1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
OAC
il9t>
3! st Cong 2d Sess.
Foreign Steam Mail Service—-Mr. Meade.
Ho. of Reps.
of Government in case of war. He will give you
security for the repayment of the loan, with in-
terest upon it, at the expiration of ten years.
Compare this scheme with the other schemes for
building steam-vessels, and the committee will at
once perceive how strongly Mr. Thompson's offer
commends itself to their favorable consideration.
We are, as 1 have said already., paying an annual
sum for the steam ships at present under the direction
of Government, that will, in the course of ten years,
amount to an expenditure of at least #11,370,000.
This term of ten years is the limit of tho Joan he
proposes you should make to him; and that loan,
instead of amounting to $11,370,000, does not
exceed $5,000,000. In the former case you give
the money: in this you loan it, to be returned
with interest at the expiration of ten years. I
have not gone into any minute statements of the
relative costs of the two; but it will be perceived
that, in the former case, you are giving annually
$1 ,370,000 to assist certain merchants in their
commercial enterprises, for their own benefit, in
return for which they are to keep the twelve ves-
sels in a state of repair, fitted for the purposes • of
defence; and, in the latter case, you secure all and
thg same advantages, whilst.it will not, as pro-
posed, cost you a cent.
The amendment I propose I think will accom-
plish all that was designed to be accomplished by
the former at less expense. If Mr. Thompson
performs his contract you will not have .to pay a
•ingle cent for the accomplishment of your object,
your loan being returned at the end of ten years,
with interest.' Mr. Thompson, to show his con-
fidence in the practicability and feasibility of his ^
schemes, is ready to advance $1,000,000 from
his own priyate resources—one sixth of the cost
of the construction of the ten vessels. How can
we doubt the sincerity of his offer when he is will-
ing to hazard hi# own fortune^ together - with
$5,000,000 which he proposes that Government
should advance to him. Why, sir, an acquaintance
of only a few months with Mr. Thompson con-
vinces me of his practical good sense, and that he
is in every way a man who is to be implicitly
trusted. His very modesty and backwardness in
pressing his scheme upon the attention of Con-
gress, themanner in which he approaches members
of this body, the absolutely girlish timidity with
which he addresses members of this House, in my
opinion commend him to the favorable considera-
tion of every gentleman here. I do not hear of
any " winings an<i dinings" of members of Con-
gress to make his proposition more popular. The
very manner in which he conducts himself in re-
gard to this very proposition assures rae that the
utmost confidence may be placed in his integrity,
as well as in his prudence in carrying it into exe-
cution.
Now, Mr. Chairman, there have been, and
there are, other schemes before Congress that it
may be your pleasure to adept. It is not my ob- j
ject, in rising,'to oppose those schemes when I '
advocate the proposition made by Mr. Thomp-
son. I do not wish to prejudice any of them in !
rising to command the One I prefer above the rest, i
If Congress deems it at this time expedient to con- |
struct more war steamers than are proposed to be
constructed by Mr. Thompson, then we can. with
great propriety accept the proposal of any other
gentleman. But if Congress should determine i
that an addition of ten snips is sufficient, then I j
say that this, scheme is the one which, I think, !
we should adopt in preference to any other. j
1 could show that if Mr. Thompson does not
disposal, to be used at any moment, ten vessels—
steam ships-of-war—that will enable'you to pro-
tect your commerce. These ships will cost you
nothing for their maintenance; they will be sup-
ported by the individual enterprise of- the. mer-
chants of our country.
I cannot think that it will be the policy of this
Government to go without steam war ships alto-
gether, when all other nations are arming them-
selves with this kind of weapon. I do think that
we are required to provide ourselves with war
steamers, which are now considered to be an in-
dispensable attendant upon the navy of other
countries. I think that we are quite as much
called upon to provide ourselves with this descrip-
tion of vessel, as we are to build seventy-four gun
ships, or any other first class vessels.
There is no constitutional question in the way.
It is purely one of economy and expediency. We
may either encourage our merchants to build
steamers fit for war, or build them ourselves. In
the latter event, we could lend them in time of
peace, on condition they shall be always ready for
war. Thus a large portion of the expense of keep-
ing up a naval, force in time of peace might be
avoided.
1 If we can do this, I think it naturally fol-
lows that we can contract with a party to build
us steamers, loaning him the money so to do,
and lending the vessels until such time as we
want them, on condition that he keep them in a
state of repair for us, and ready for the defence of
the country, at any moment we may require them.
Especially may we do so, on the further condi-
tion that at the end of ten years he is to return
the loan you have made him, with the interest due
thereon. Such is the proposal made to you by Mr.
Thompson, of Philadelphia. Had this proposi-
tion been before (his House at the time that other
proposals were presented and agreed to, I do not
think that there would have been one moment's
hesitation. If, then, you reject it now, on what
ground will you do so ? Will it be because a s mall
portion of the benefit will be shared by a southern
port? Because New Yoric does not get all the ben-
efit that will be derived from its adoption ? I ask
I this House, if it determines to maintain this policy
of a steam navy, as I think it should, that it con-
fer the benefits flowing from it equally upon all
parts of the Union.
But, sir, I have already stated that I have not
any scruples upon constitutional grounds, I be-
lieve that we have a constitutional right to construct-
a navy; and the best and most efficient naval force
that we can Construct in the present condition of
the world, I believe to be a steam-marine. It is
thought that thenext naval war that takes place will
be to a considerable extent a war with steamers. I
believe also that in time of peace that these steam-
ers can be used for commercial purposes, and that
too without injury to Government, and with great
advantage to the mercantile community; that it
is competent for Congress to loan its vessels,
always providing that they are kept in a state of
readiness for future exigencies. j
At the present time Great Britain is, it is said, J
preparing to put a line of steamers between Pana- j
ma and China, for the purpose of engrossing that j
trade. We have just acquired this gojden coun-
try of California, between which and China the
trade must hereafter be immense; and if Govern-
ment does not do something to retain the trade
between these countries, it must pass into the hands .
of foreign and competing nations. Is it, then, too {
much to give $5,000,000to engross the trade between
comply with any part of the contract he proposes i those points?—a trade that must yearly increase,
 -   ^ i-. _ ..il. . .. .1, I *1.)* .1 t . I .1 *11 -L.U1.. U amam A ah kaAAm a t n A vinn Aat
and will probably hereafter become the richest
, that will be carried on in any portion of the globe ?
I If we wish to secure all the great advantages that
should and will accrue from the acquisition of this
rich territory, we must adopt this or some such
plan.
You have established lines of steamers from
to enter into further than building the ten vessels
and keeping them in a state of complete and con-
stant repair and fitness for the purposes of war,
yet that it would be cheaper than the one now in
operation. He proposes that you should loan
him less money by half for ten years than in that
period of time you give to the other. Mr. Thomp- ,   
son will build four vessels to run between Balti- New York for a similar object. They cost some-
more, Philadelphia and Norfolk, and Bremen, thing like $4,760,000, and annually you appropriate
and six between San Francisco to Shanghai; and for tnem some $1,370,000 for carrying your mails,
all they ask is the receipts from postages for In ten years you will have given them $11,370,000.
their support, at least so far as this Government Mr. Thompson only asks you to <oan him $5,000,-
is concerned. If these are built, the object of the i 000, and in the same period that I have supposed
Government is accomplished; and even should the | he will repay you. Supposing he does not, you
Government never have this loan returned—not a J' will only in that period have appropriated for this
cent of it—even then Government will have at her IJ Kne, that will confer equal, if not superior advan-
tages, one half of the amount you give to the
others. You will thus have at your disposal some
ten good war steamers that will not have cost you
a cent, presuming that the loan is repaid; and
should it not be repaid you cannot lose more than
$5,000,000—a sum much less than that which in
the same time you are losing under the present
system.
Mr. Chairman, I find by the bill reported by
the Committee on Naval Affairs, that it is proposed
to increase the appropriations to the various lines
of steamers, in one way or another, some $400,000.
If they should be increased, you will perceive that
in ten years that sum will amount to $4,000,000,
only $1,000,000 less than you are asked to loan
Mr. Thompson for the same period upon good
security.
Convinced, as I am, that we should always have
afloat some thirty or so war steamers, I should be
willing to appropriate sufficient for the support and
construction of that number. And when different
schemes are presented to me I will take that which
is most efficient and cheapest; and if there be three
or four schemes, of course I will first prefer that
which I believe to be cheapest, and then go on to
the others, so as to secure twenty-five or thirty
steamers, which we ought always to have at the
command of the Government. Sir, we should
have that number of war steamers, of from three
thousand to four thousand tons each.
Mr. JONES, (interposing.) I wish to ask the
gentleman from Virginia one question. Does he
suppose there is a single man who ever came to
Congress with a proposition to get the money or
credit of this Government to make a steamer, who
ever did intend to make a steamer that should be
used in time of war?
Mr. MEADE. I will answer that question
with a great deal of pleasure. The gentleman
must recollect that we have had but two or three
contractor* at this sort, and that this is a mere
experiment. Why, sir, when we first engage in
Ji anything it is always an experiment, and though
i it may be possible that the present steamers are
unfit for naval purpose*, yet. I ask the gentleman
11 from Tennessee if there is anything impossible in
j the construction of such war steamers? They are
to be built under the direction of the Secretary of
I the Navy, who has had experience of previous
;! contracts, and who knows the difficulties of ves-
| sels previously contracted for; and will it not be
; his fault, if, in future, such war steamers are not
i provided as we require ? I ask the gentleman from
Tennessee if the Secretary of the Navy does not
|{ superintend the construction of these vessels ?
Mr. JONES. I'll answer that question. I
have not conversed with the present Secretary of
the Navy, but the last Secretary, of the Navy said
I in a committee room, in this Capitol, that to make
I a passenger and a mail steamer and a war steamer
in the same vessel was impossible, and I believe
' he told the truth, and that this is all a scheme——
Mr. MEADE. Who said that?
Mr. JONES. Mr. Preston. And I say it is
all a scheme to get the money of the people of this
country in order t  build up monopolies.
Mr. MEADE. It.is very easy for gentlemen
to talk about "schemes " whose heads are full of
schemes, whose imaginations are haunted with
schemes of every sort; but I do wish that the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, who is generally a very
practical man, would not bother his mind njith
this suspicion of schemes.
Mr. JONES. One question more. I will ask
the gentleman from Virginia when he became acon-
vert to the mail steamer system ?
j Mr. MEADE. Well, I will tell the gentleman.
; I believe—though I do not know the history of the
transaction—that I voted for the establishment of
the line between New York and Liverpool. I be-
lieve that I made no objection, though I was not in
Congress at the time, to the line between New
York and Bremen; and, if I am not very much
mistaken, I believe I voted for the line between
New York and Chagres, and also for the line be-
tween Panama and Oregon. I do not find that
they met with any opposition on the part of the
gentleman from Tennessee, or any other gentle-
man on this floor who was in Congress at that
time. It is not to be found on the record. We
heard no such objection to these " schemes" as
are now conjured up by the gentleman from Ten-
