396
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 14,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
The River and Harbor Bill—Mr. Bowie.
Ho. of Reps.
nessee. We did not hear tlien of those schemes
to build up monopolies and to make money. I
wish that these contractors did make money. I
ne-fer want the citizens of the country to engage
in enterprises by which they are to lose; and if I
can secure the objects of the Government consist-
ently with the welfare and profit of the individu-
als with whom the Government is connected, I am
willmg to do it.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, (interposing.)
If the gentleman from Virginia will allow me, I
desire to answer my colleague [Mr. Jones] in ref-
erence to the strength of these steamers which
have been built for carrying the mails.
Mr. McMULLEN. I call the gentleman from
Tennessee to order. I object to these interrup-
tions.
Mr. MEADE Rather than have any squab-
ble about the point of order, I will proceed with
my remarks. I understand the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Jon'es] to say that the late Secre-
tary of the Navy (Mr. Preston) says, that these
steamers cannot be built so as to answer for mail
and commercial as well as for warpurposes. Well,
now, Mr. Chairman, I would as soon go to a black-
smith to ask his opinion about carriage making or
house building as to a Secretary of the Navy, taken
from the interior of Virginia, to ask his opinion
about the construction of steamers. If the gentle-
men was to employ a man who makes wheel-bar-
rows to make him a carriage, he would be guilty
of as much indiscretion as we should be to employ
Mr. Secretary Preston to construct war steamers.
These steamers are constructed under the superin-
tendence of the Secretary of the Navy, by com-
petent engineers educated for the purpose. I say,
again, to the gentleman from Tennessee, and to all
who hear me, that if these vessels cannot be built
to subserve the purposes of the Navy, when the
exigencies may require their use, why then, I, for
one, am opposed to them. He has only to con-
vince me that the thing is impossible, and I will go
against the amendment myself.
Mr. JONES. I introduced the name of Mr.
Preston, the late Secretary of the Navy, because
the gentleman from Virginia put the interrogatory
whether these steamers were not to be built under
the direction of the Secretary of the Navy. He
now says that a Secretary of the Navy, from the
interior of Virginia, would not be a very compe-
tent person to superintend the construction of
steamers. I wish to ask him if a Secretary of the
Navy from the interior of Virginia would not be
as competent to superintend the construction of
mail steamers as a Secretary from the interior of
North Carolina, or a Member from the interior of
Virginia ?
Mr. MEADE. I told the gentleman that they
were to be built under the direction and superin-
tendence of men acquainted with the business,
who were appointed by the Secretary of the Navy.
The Secretary of the Navy knows nothing about
the matter.
[Here the Chairman's hammer fell.]
the river and harl or bill.
SPEECH OF HON. R. I. BOWIE,
of maryland,
In the House of Representatives,
Friday, February 14, 1851.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and having under consideration the river and
harbor bill,
Mr. BOWIE said:
Mr. Chairman: I do not flatter myself that
anything which I shall submit to this committee
will be novel or material to them; my chief object
is to assign the reasons which will govern my
ultimate action on the bill now under considera-
tion .
This is emphatically " A bill making appropri-
ations for the improvement of certain harbors and
rivers." It is met at the threshold with grave
constitutional objections; with denials of the power
of Congress to make such appropriations. If these
objections are well taken, however important the
objects for which the bill designs to provide; how-
ever essential they may be to the public welfare;
however dear and cherished the policy it advances;
it must be abandoned by all who entertain a just
sense of constitutional obligations. There are
none here, I trust, so reckless in legislation as to
avow that the Constitution is to yield to mere ex-
pediency.
A deep conviction that the bill is not justly sub-
ject to such exception, and is one of paramount
importance to the country, induces me to raise my
voice in its defence.
I have said I could not offer anything new on
this subject. I should be arrogant and egotistical
it' I imagined otherwise.
All who are familiar with the legislation of Con-
gress know that its constitutional power to im-
prove rivers and harbors lias been the subject of
frequent discussion; of profound and mature in-
vestigation. It has been examined by jurists, as
well as statesmen; received the sanction of the le-
gislative, judicial, and executive departments of the
Government, with the fiat of the people. I am
not of those, however, who hold that constitutions
are to be interpreted by popular clamor—that
" ardor civium prava jubentium" which they were
designed to restrain; their language should be il-
lustrated by the evils whence they sprung, and the
ends they were to accomplish.
The Constitution declares, " the Congress shall
have power" " to regulate commerce with foreign
nations, and among the several States, and with
Indian tribes." Explicit authority is also given
to enact all laws necessary to carry these powers
into execution. The sages who framed that in-
strument, did not use terms which would adapt it
only to the dwarfed dimensions of the feeble colo-
nies, which had then just burst their bondage; but
like the prophet upon Pisgah, overlooking the
promised land, and piercing their future, they
framed a charter that would cover their utmost
development, even to embrace a continent. It was
not to be the Government of a people few and
feeble, but the Government of " the foremost na-
tion upon earth"—an empire, resting its giant
limbs on either ocean.
What is commerce, in its true sense, but an in-
terchange of commodities, by land or sea, between
foreign or confederated States? Are we to restrict
the term to the narrow sense of trade by ships on
sea—the Atlantic, the Pacific, or Mediterranean?
Of this clause, as of its subject, it may be
tritely but truly said:
" No pent up Utica contracts our powers,
But the whole boundless continent is ours."
Commerce with foreign nations and among the
several States is the grant. Not only external but |
internal. Not only by sea, but by land; the mode
of commerce is not limited, but indefinite as the
parties,—"foreign nations," " the several States,"
and " the Indian tribes," which include all man-
kind; commerce includes not only the act of
trafficking, but navigation and intercourse.* The
germ of the convention which formed the Con-
stitution, was the appointment of the commis-
sioners of Maryland and Virginia, in 1785, to
form a compact relative to the navigation «f the
rivers Potomac and Pocomoke and the Chesa-
peake bay. The absence of the power to regulate
commerce was one of the chief defects of the Con-
federation, and conduced, as much as any one
cause, to the adoption of the Constitution.
To regulate this commerce harbors must be
built, light-houses established, buoys placed, and
obstructions in the great national highways, the
navigable rivers, removed. Look at our peculiar
geographical position. We have two thousand
miles of frontier on the lakes; five hundred thou-
sand tons of shipping, bearing a commerce infi-
nitely greater than our Atlantic frontier possessed
when these States threw off the character of colo-
nies. Nine millions of people are directly or indi-
rectly interested in the salutary exercise of this
power of Government, on their rivers and those
inland seas. Can it be possible they have a Gov-
* It extends to the construction ofhght-houses, the placing
of buoys and beacons, the removal of obstructions to navi-
gation in creeks rivers, sounds, and bays; and the estab-
lishment of securities to navigation against the inroads of
the ocean. It extends also to the designation of particular
port or ports of entry and delivery for tiie purposes of for-
eign commerce. These powers have been actually exerted
by the National Government under a system of law-, many
of which commenced with the early establishment of the
1 Constitution; and they have continued unquestioned unto
our day, if not to the utmost range of their reach, at least
j to that of their ordinary application. 1 Tuck. Ft lack., App.
■249, 251, cited 2 Stor. Com., 518, 519. 9 Wheat., 208, 209.
eminent, powerless for good,as contended by some
of the honorable gentlemen who have addressed
this committee?
Yet, those who hold that Congress has no
power to construct harbors in the lakes, and re-
move obstructions from the great navigable rivers,
must arrive at this impotent conclusion. What is
the alternative? If the Federal Government has
not the power, where does it reside? Who are to
make these essential improvements—the States?
They want both jurisdiction and means. Their
jurisdiction is confined to their own limits; their
means are not adequate. Where are their re-
sources? Where are the sinews necessary to ac-
complish this gigantic work? The States have
ceded the appropriate means, viz., the revenues
from commerce, to the General Government, un-
der an implied contract that these onerous duties
would be discharged by it.
" Qui sentit coinmodum debet sentire et onus."
Are we to resort to the expedient of Mr. Rhett,
in 1848, viz., allow the several States, by and
with the consent of Congress, to lay tonnage du-
ties on vessels, to improve their respective har-
bors? Gentlemen, whose consciences are tender,
will surely not salve them by such legislation:
" qui facit per alium facit per se."
Are not harbors improved and protected by
such means, improved and protected by the Fecl-
eral Government? Does not the consent and pre-
liminary legislation of Congress give vitality to
the act of the States, and are they not in this in-
stance acting as its agents? From 1791 to 1816,
Maryland, Rhode Island, Georgia, and Virginia,
had special acts authorizing the imposition of such
duties; and even as late as the last session, a sim-
ilar act was passed for the port of Baltimore. I
shall not inquire how far it is consistent with the
pride and dignity of sovereign States to legislate
under the license of another government, or dwell
upon the obvious inequalities of burdens which
such multiplicity of legislation must impose upon
the commerce of the country, producing in a less
degree the evils which coerced the States " to form
a more perfect Union" to promote their general
welfare.
Where are New York, Pennsylvania, Mary-
land, Michigan, and Wisconsin, to derive re-
sources sufficient to improve their harbors? The
millions of revenue that are daily collected in the
commercial cities are poured into the Federal
Treasury. What constitutes the basis of that
revenue? The supplies consumed by the people
of the West. The population of the importing
States do not consume a tithe of the imports; mil-
lions upon millions are paid by the great and
flourishing West on articles of almost primary ne-
cessity. Yet, we are told that the Federal Gov-
ernment, which enjoys these vast revenues, which
received these grants with the express condition
that they should regulate commerce, not only with
foreign nations but "among the several States,"
has not the power (not the will, but the power) to
regulate commerce by assuming its burdens as
well as its benefits. It had the power to purchase
Louisiana, to secure the free navigation of the
Mississippi, at theexpense of millions; but cannot
appropriate as many thousands to remove the bars
that obstruct its channel, or dam its great tributa-
ries.
Where shall we look for a just interpretation of
the great charter of the Union—the Constitution—
but to those who framed that instrument, and en-
acted the laws designed to give it vitality ?
The ninth act of the first Congress of the United
States declares, that all expenses which shall ac-
crue after the 15th August, 1789, in the necessary
support, maintenance, and repairs of all light-
houses, beacons, buoys, and public piers, erected,
placed, or sunk, before the passing of that act, at
the entrance of, or within any bay, inlet, harbor,
or port of the United States, for rendering the nav-
igation thereof easy and safe, shall be defrayed out
of the Treasury of the United States
Section 4 enacts that all pilots in the bays, inlets,
rivers, harbors, and ports of the United States,
shall continue to be regulated in conformity with
the laws of the States respectively wherein such
pilots may be, or with such laws as the States
may respectively hereafter enact for the purpose,
until further legislative provision shall be made by
Congress.
