398
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 5,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Proceedings of the called Session.
Senate.
Extract from a letter from Hon. Joseph Grin-
nell, of New Bedford, February 14, 1838:
" Yours relative to the comparative merits of the Eng-
lish and French light-houses with our own, was duly re-
ceived, and have no lieMlation ill saving tli.it the Enghs-h
are superior to ours, owing to the form ot the reflectors ;
and that tiie French are superior to the English, in conse-
quence of the construction of the lamps with concentric
burners or sockets, and the use of lenses. When ill Eng-
land, I visited the Trinity House, and acquired all the in-
formation I could of their lamps. &c.; procured one of
their reflectors and sent it home, which I presume is here.
I was informed by the gentleman who superintended the
English light-houses, that a commissioner had visited
France to examine their lights, and returned convinced
that they were far superior; that they had erected one, and
were about to erect others, on the French system. At
Havre I visited the lights, found them on the same plan as
the English ; the new lenses and lamps having been put in
use at Bordeaux, and a few other important points. At
Pans I fortunately made the acquaintance of Mr. Fresnel,
son of the inventor of the new lamps and lenses, an engi-
neer, who was so liberal as to furnish nie the printed re-
ports and drawings on this subject; also the working
drawings for the lamps and lenses atToulon, which he had
just then completed. He also had a lamp ot the lirst order,
containing three concentric burners, with the lenses, fitted
lip and lighted for my inspection. It was the most brilliant
light I ever saw. I was informed that the light at Bordeanx
had been frequently seen trom mast-head, thirty miles.
These drawings I sent home, and have them now. Tliey
were exhibited to Mr. Pleasonton, at Washington, superin-
tendent of lights, with a proposal to import a lamp and
lenses from France, which would cost .$150 or $200; but
met with no favor, much to my chagrin. I thought the in-
formation valuable, and had indulged the pleasing anticipa-
tion of benefiting our country, but the officers of Govern-
ment appeared to have other occupation than listening to
improvements of this character. As to the comparative
merits of our lights and those of other countries, I should
think the masters ot the packets could give clear and de-
cided evidence."
Now, sir, you have heard that letter read; and
you will perceive that Mr. Grinnell gives the su-
periority to the French system over our own. j
The French system is one that enables you to see .
the light before you come up to the horizon—a
system by which one lamp answers the purpose of '
the fifteen or twenty lamps used in your system—
a system that consumes but one half of the oil,
and is five times as efficient as theAmerican system.
I want that the Secretary of the Treasury should
be authorized to adopt this system. And with re-
spect to the fact that I have already mentioned, that
we have $4,000 now estimated for repairs of the
new light-houses before they are commenced, I
would have the construction of our light-houses
placed under the direction of the Engineer's De-
partment, and placed in charge of competent offi-
cers, who shall receive no additional compensation
for their services, over and above the amount of
their pay as officers.
Mr. GRINNELL. I will state to the gentle-
man from Maryland, that in every instance in
which the erection of light-houses has been placed
under the superintendence of the Topographical
Bureau, the cost has been one third greater than
when the work has been done under the superin-
tendence and directions of the Secretary of the
Treasury.
Mr. EVANS. I have never had any intention
of placing the erection of these light-houses under
the direction of the Topographical Bureau. There
are only three hundred and thirty-one lights in all
America, and yet the annual cost of the repairs of
the structures is at least $90,000. I know that it
is unfashionable to get up and expose abuses, but
my object is to get rid of an inefficient system and
to establish a system that has been elsewhere pre-
ferred to ours.
I have taken some pains to investigate this Sub-
ject. My investigation was brought about in this
wav: I walked into a bookstore some time ago,
and I Jook up a treatise on light-houses, and I read
that treatise, and my attention was thus called to
the lens system of Europe, a system which has
there superseded our reflector system. I wentfrom
one book to another, and from one thing to another,
and made my own investigations, without being
talked to on the subject by anybody. I intended
to have said something on the subject when the
civil and diplomatic bill was before the House, but
the debate was stopped, and this is my apology
for detaining the House at the present time. I am
sure that a great saving would be effected by the
adoption of the lens system, and that the public
interest would be in every way subserved.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, was understood
to say that the Secretary of the Treasury had the
power to adopt this system without any law spe-
cially passed to authorize him. •
Mr. EVANS. The Secretary of the Treasury
has not exercised that power, because he does not
believe that he possesses it; and I would therefore
specifically give him this power.
Mr. E. concluded by offering the following
amendment:
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That hereafter in all
new light-houses, in all light-houses rerjuiringnew lighting
appatatus, and in all light-houses as yet unsupplied with
illuminating apparatus, tlie lens or fresnel system shall be
adopted, if, in the opinionof the Secretary of the Treasury,
the public interest will he subserved thereby.
Src. 8. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and required
to cause a board to be convened at as early a day as may be
practicable after the passage ©f this act. to be composed of
two officers of the Navy of high rank, two officers of Engi-
neers of the Army, and such civil officer of high scientific
attainments as may be under the orders, or at the disposi-
tion of the Treasury Department, and a junior officer of the
Navy to act as secretary to said board, whose duty it shall
be, under instructions from the Treasury Department, to in-
quire into the condition of the light-house establishment of
the United States, and make a general detailed report and
programme to guide legislation in extending and improving
our present system of construction, illumination, inspection
and superintendence: Provided, That no additional com-
pensation shall be allowed any person serving on said board.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the President be,
and he is hereby, required to cause to be detailed from
the Engineer Corps of the Army, from time to time, such
officers as may be necessary to superintend the constiuction
and renovating of light-houses.
SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES.
called session.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 4, 1851.
Soon after the adjournment of the regular ses-
sion of the Senate sine die, (which was protracted
to 12 o'clock, m., this day,) the President called
the Senate to order pursuant to the call of an extra
session by the President of the United States.
To the new Senators and the Senators reelected
the usual oath was administered.
The oath having been administered to
The Hon. J. A. Bayard, of Delaware;
Hon. J. D. Bright, of Indiana;
Hon. Lewis Cass, of Michigan;
Hon. Jefferson Davis, of Mississippi;
Hon. Hannibal Hamlin, of Maine;
Hon. J. M. Mason, of Virginia;
Hon. Thomas G. Pratt, of Maryland—
Mr. RUSK, on being called, rose and said that
he had not received the certificate of his election;
but he produced a letter from a member of the
Legislature of Texas, who was present at the time
of the election, testifying to the fact.
The letter was read by the Secretary.
Mr. WALKER said that his colleague, the
Hon. Henry Dodge, was in a like condition; but
the fact of his election was notorious, and he had
received fifty letters, all showing that the election
had been made. Besides, there were precedents
to justify the swearing of these Senators under the
circumstances.
The PRESIDENT said the Senators could be
sworn, and their certificates could be filed here-
after.
The Hon. Thomas J. Rusk and the Hon. H.
Dodge were then sworn.
Mr. HAMLIN said he supposed that the Sen-
ate, in this called executive session, would have
some business for some of its committees. He
therefore offered the following resolution;
Resolved, That the committees of the executive session
of the Seriate shall be formed and constituted the same as
at the last session, except where vacancies have occurred,
and that those shall bs filled by the Chair.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK moved that the daily hour of meet-
ing shall be twelve o'clock, until otherwise or-
dered by the Senate.
Mr. DAWSON expressed the hope that an
! earlier hour would be agreed upon; but after a
brief conversation, the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. BERRIEN offered the following resolution,
and it was agreed to:
Resolved, That a committee be appointed to wait upon
the President of the United States, and inform him that a
quorum of the Senate has assembled, and is ready to re-
ceive any communication from him that he is ready to make.
The PRESIDENT appointed Mr. Berrien and
Mr. Hunter such committee.
t On motion, the Senate adjourned.
Wednesday, March 5, 1851.
After prayer by Rev. C. M. Butler—
The PRESIDENT directed that the galleries
should be cleared.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I desire to
submit to the Senate a resolution 
The PRESIDENT. The Chair cannot receive
any resolution or permit any business to be done
until the galleries are cleared.
Mr. BADGER. From that decision of the
i Chair I appeal.
' Mr. BERRIEN. I presume the Chair will al-
| low the doors to remain open while this point is
being discussed. That is certainly not business
of an executive character, and the Chair will find
many precedents showing that such business has
| been done on repeated occasions. The Senate has
been called together in pursuance of a provision
of the Constitution, and can exercise all the rights
to which, as a separate constitutional body,It is
entitled. It is not indispensable that the session
should be held with closed doors, or that the busi-
ness transacted should be purely of an executive
character.
j The PRESIDENT. The Chair is not aware
I that under circumstances such as those in which
[ the Senate is now placed, any business has ever
been done until the doors have been closed and the
I Journal read.
j Mr. BADGER. 1 object to the galleries being
l cleared. &
The PRESIDENT. The Senator can take an
appeal hereafter.
Mr. BADGER. I will call the attention of the
Chair to precedents upon this point.
On the 9th of March, 1825, the business appears
to have been done in open Senate, and amongst
other business done, the Journal states that—
" On motion, the 25th rule requiring one day's notice to
be given of an intended motion to bring in a resolution to
grant money out of the contingent fund, oeing unanimously
dispensed with, Mr. Seymour submitted the following reso-
lution :
"Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be author-
ized to allow and pay, out of the contingentfund, to Tobias
Simpson, $120 for the u^e of a horse furnished by hiin in
the performance of his duties as a messenger.
" The said resolution was read, and by unanimous con-
1 sent considered as in Committee of the Whole, and having
' been amended, it was reported to the Senate accordingly ;
and the amendment being concurred in, the resolution was
read the third time by unanimous consent and passed."
Mr. COOPER. If the Senator will give way,
I desire to announce to the Senate the presence of
the Hon. Richard Brodhead, who has been elect-
| ed a Senator by the Legislature of Pennsylvania.
| Mr. CLAY. The very fact of his qualification
shows that it ought not to be done in executive
session.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair, in the course
of a long experience, knows no instance of any
business having been done at such a session until
, the galleries have been cleared.
Mr. BADGER. That is the very point in ques-
tion.
The PRESIDENT. The galleries must be
cleared.
Mr. CLAY. I do not suppose that the Presi-
dent has that power. The President has made his
decision and an appeal has been taken, and it is
for the body to determine.
Mr. BADGER. And that is a point which I
wish to test.
At this period of thesession the Hon. Richard
Brodhead proceeded to the President's desk, and
took the prescribed oath of office.
Mr. BADGER. I understand the decision of
the Chair to be, that the first thing which it is ne-
i cessary to do on the meeting of the Senate is to
j close the doors and proceed to the consideration of
i executive business. 1 will call the attention of
the Senate to the precedents. One, which will be
