402
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
Proceedings of the called Session.
Senate.
discussed with open doors, and on which there
were lengthy debates.
Mr. HALE. I will detain the Senate but a
moment, to correct a mistake which I think the
Senator from Wisconsin has committed in calling
this an executive session. The President, in his
proclamation calling us together, does not so inti-
mate. I hold in my hand the summons which he
has sent to me. In the preamble lie narrates the
causes which have operated on his mind to call
the Senate together. He says:
"Sir: Whereas divers and weighty causes, •onnected
with executive business necessary to be transacted, create
an extraordinary occasion, requiring that the Senate be con-
vened, you are therefore requested, as a member of that
body, to attend a meeting thereof, to be holden at the Cap-
itol, m the city ot Washington, 011 the 4th day of March,
instant.*'
The President does not undertake to intimate,
and if he did it would be a usurpation which would
not be binding on the Senate, that this is an ex-
ecutive session. It is an assumption not warranted
bv the facts to say that this is an executive session
of the Senate. It is a session of the Senate com-
petent to exercise all the powers which are inci-
dent to them under the Constitution. They may
meet, as they have met at similar sessions, under
similar calls, day by day, without proceeding to
the consideration of executive business. It was
done in 1841 and in 1849. The vote of the Senate
must be taken to make it an executive session be-
fore it becomes one.
Mr. BRIGHT. The Senator from Wisconsin
has read a clause of the Constitution showing that
we have two kinds of sessions—legislative sessions
and executive or secret sessions. By the Con-
stitution, the House of Representatives and the
Senate have full power to adopt rules for their own
regulation. It is said that the rules are made for
the benefit of minorities. I think it probable that
I shall be m a minority on the proposition pro-
posed to be introduced. I want to assert my
rights, as I understand them, under the rules. The
first rule of the Senate is:
"The President having taken the chair,and a quorum
being present, the Journal of the preceding day shall be read,
to the end that any mistake may be corrected that shall be
made in the entries."
Had we a meeting of the Senate yesterday? I
see a great many gentlemen are absent that were
here yesterday; and if they were here, I appre-
hend they would not take their seats. I see other
gentlemen occupying places as Senators, whom 1
never saw before. I do not know officially that
these gentlemen are entitled to vote. If they have
been sworn in, I desire to hear the record of yes-
terday read, to show that fact. Hence I ask the
reading of the Journal; and I wish to know
whether it is in order to have it read in open ses-
sion or not? I believe we have been called to-
gether to act upon executive business, and have
no right to act upon business that is not executive
in its character. I ask that the Journal of yester-
day be read, so that I may know who are Sena-
tors and who are not.
Mr. ATCHISON. Then it becomes a question
of identity whether the gentlemen here are those
sworn in yesterday as Senators.
Mr. BRIGHT. The record decides the ques-
tion.
Mr. ATCHISON. It cannot decide the ques-
tion of identity.
Mr. BERRIEN. I understand the state of the
question to be this: The Senator from North Car-
lina offered a resolution which the Chair consid-
ers cannot be received until the doors of the Sen-
ate are closed. It is asserted, in support of that
proposition, that our first duty is to read the Jour-
nal of the preceding day, under the rules. I agree
that the Journal of the preceding day is to be read.
If that Journal contains any record of executive
proceedings wliKh by our rules are to be kept se-
cret, then the doors must be closed before it can
be read. But if it be the record of proceedings
which were transacted in open session, there can
be no necessity for closing the doors of the Sen-
ate to read a record of the proceedings transacted
in open Senate. That I apprehend to be the state
of the fact. The Senator from Indiana calls for
the reading of the Journal. I think, under the
rule, he is entitled to have it read, and I think the
Chair will agree with me that there is nothing in
the Journal of yesterday which requires the doors
to be closed while it is being read. That, it seems
to me, solves the difficulty in which we are in-
volved.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair has but one
remark to make. Almost all the precedents which
have been read apply, strictly speaking, to the
organization of the body. That read by the Sen-
ator from Kentucky from the Journal of the called
session of 1825, the Chair recollects perfectly well,
being in the Senate at the time. It was a very
protracted debate, which arose upon the organiza-
tion of the body, in consequence of a question
arising as to the qualifications of Mr. Lanman, of
Connecticut. The Chair yesterday acted on the
principle that the body was not organized when
it met, and therefore he did not order the doors to
be closed. The Journal would have been read
to-day, without there being any necessity for
clearing the galleries, but as soon as the Journal
was read the Chair would not be at liberty to re-
ceive any proposition unless it related to the or-
ganization of the body, or the transaction of busi-
ness necessary to its organization, until the doors
were closed; and so stated. The Journal of yes-
terday is legislative; it relates to the organization
of the body. If any question had arisen as to
the right of any Senator to qualify, it would have
had to be decided in open session, because until
the body was organized, it could not proceed to
the consideration of executive business.
The Chair may be wrong in regard to his ob-
jection to receiving any proposition before the
organization may have taken place, but the doors
being closed, and for the purpose of transacting
executive business, it is within the power of any
Senator to move to open the doors to introduce
any proposition not particularly connected with
executive business.
Mr. BERRIEN. The Chair will permit me to
make a single observation. The precedents which
have been referred to, the Chair says, were cases
relating to the organization of the body exclu-
sively, and were necessarily discussed with open
doors.
The PRESIDENT. Precisely.
Mr. BERRIEN. But the Chair will recollect
that the proceeding which took place in 1841 was
a question in relation to the dismissal of the pub-
lic printers, and did not relate to the organization
of the body. It was introduced upon the motion
of the Senator from North Carolina, [Mr. Man-
gum;] it was discussed with open doors; and the
proceedings in relation to it are on the legislative
Journal.
The PRESIDENT. So the Chair understands;
but the Journal does not show whether the doors
,; of the Senate were open or closed at the time of
the introduction of the resolution.
'• Mr. BERRIEN. The Chair will permit me to
say there is a legislative and executive Journal, a
1 legislative and executive clerk; and in the appen-
dix to the legislative Journal is published the pro-
ceedings of the called session.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair perfectly un-
derstands that.
Mr. BERRIEN. Then there is no evidence
that there was any executive business transacted
" on the first day of that session. The proceedings
were in open session, and when a communication
containing nominations was received from the Pres-
ident of the United States, the doors of the Senate
were closed.
The PRESIDENT. The organization of the
body is with open doors. Then propositions may
i be introduced and considered which are necessary
for the transaction of the business of the Senate.
But when the Senate have gone into executive
session, after having organized, and meet the next
morning, it becomes the imperative duty of the
I Chair, previous to receiving any proposition, to
i have the galleries cleared. No legislative busi-
1 ness, no business which is not of an executive
character, can be transacted. But if the doors be
not closed, the Journal must be read. Tins may
not precisely be the case with regard to yesterday.
We were then organizing, and the body was of
■ course ill open session. To-day we went on still
further to organize, by qualifying the honorable
Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Brodhead.]
After the Journal of the open session of the Senate
\' yesterday should have been read, the Chair would
h have ordered the galleries to be cleared previous
I to receiving any proposition, for the purpose of
| ascertaining whether or not the proposition related
I to executive business. If the Chair is \\;roiig, he
wishes the Senate so to decide, and he will acqui-
esce with great pleasure. He has no feeling as to
the matter at all.
Mr. MASON. I hope there will be no objec-
tion to the reading of the Journal of yesterday. It
is, I understand, purely legislative.
Several Senators. There is no objection.
Mr. BADGER. The reason I offered my reso-
lution so soon was, that when the presiding officer
took the chair, without the reading of the Journal
he directed the doors to be closed. I said I hoped
not, for I had a resolution to offer. I was told by
the presiding officer that I could not offer the reso-
lution until the doors were closed; that the doors
must necessarily be closed, as this was an execu-
tive session. Of course, I did not wish to intro-
duce the resolution before the legislative Journal
was publicly read; but, as the presiding officer
directed the galleries to be cleared, I had nothing
else to do but offer the resolution.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair pursued what
he deemed the proper and customary course.
Mr. MANGUM. The Senator from North
Carolina [Mr. Badger] has read from the Journal
of 1841. And the Senate will have seen that, du-
ring that session, whenever the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of business purely executive,
it was upon motion and the order of the Senate.
Mr. BRIGHT. I rise to press my point of
order. I must insist that the Journal be read, be-
fore we can entertain any other proposition.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from North
Carolina ought not to have submitted his resolution
until the Journal was read. The first requisite is
that the Journal be read.
Mr. BADGER. I have already stated the reason
why I submitted the resolution prior to the read-
ing of the Journal. It was because the presiding
officer ordered the galleries to be cleared, and not
because I had any objection to the reading of the
Journal.
The PRESIDENT. The Journal then will be
read before the question is taken on the proposi-
tion.
The Journal of yesterday was accordingly read.
Mr. BADGER. If it is necessary, I again
ask to lay the resolution on the table.
The PRESIDENT. There was an appeal taken
previous to the reading of the Journal.
Mr. BERRIEN. I presume that by unani-
mous consent, the Journal having been read, the
appeal may be withdrawn and the resolution re-
ceived
ThePRESIDENT. The Chair wishes to un-
derstand what course the Senate intend to pursue.
Prom the precedents which have been read, it is
probable the body may be under the impression
that we should meet in legislative session every
morning. Is that to be the understanding?
Several Senators. Yes; it is.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair wishes to act
in conformity with what is the understanding of
i the Senate. The Chair would feel bound every
morning to have the galleries cleared, unless there
was a general understanding that when we meet,
we meet in legislative session, and cannot proceed
to the consideration of executive business without
a motion to that effect being made and carried. If
that is the understanding of the Senate, the Chair
will conform to it.
Mr. BADGER. That has always been the
practice of the Senate since I have been a member
of the body.
Mr. MILLER. I understand that the resolu-
tion of theSenator from North Carolina is received,
and lies on the table under the rules.
The PRESIDENT. It is in the control of the
Senate. It will lie on the table if such be their
pleasure.
Mr. BRIGHT. I object to the reception of the
resolution.
Mr. POOTE. I suppose the Senator from
North Carolina has a right to lay his resolution on
i the table. The Chair decided the other day that
any Senator had a right to lay a resolution on the
table.
The PRESIDENT. The practice has been uni-
form. A resolution is laid upon the table to be
taken up afterwards for the examination of the
