1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4#
Proceedings of the calhd Session.
Senate.
Senate. If there is objection, and that usual cour-
tesy has never been denied, the question is upon
the reception.
Mr. BADGER. Do I understand the Chair to
intimate that objection can be made to the recep-
tion of the resolution ?
The PRESIDENT. The reception of any
paper can be objected to.
Mr. BADGER. But not of a resolution. Un-
der the rule of the Senate, when a resolution is
offered it lies one day for consideration. It cannot
lie unless it is received.
Mr. BERRIEN. There is no rule which author-
izes any one member of the Senate to object to
the introduction of a resolution.
The PRESIDENT. Certainly not. The Chair
did not so state.
Mr. BERRIEN. Then it lies on the table.
The PRESIDENT. Objection being made, it
is for the Senate itself to decide the question of
receiving the resolution.
Mr. BERRIEN. The objection Made by the
Senator is the assertion of a supposed right under
the rules of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT. Not at all.
Mr. BERRIEN. Then does a question of order
arrise whether the Senator has a right to make the
objection. I ask the Chair to decide that question
of order, and if the body be dissatisfied with the
decision, an appeal can be taken. The question I
present for the consideration of the Chair is,
whether the Senator from Indiana has a right to
object to the laying of the resolution on the table.
The PRESIDENT. There is no such rule of
order.
Mr. BERRIEN. Than, the resolution is on
the tabieunless the Senator appeals.
Mr. B. (in continuation.) While I am up, I bey
to be permitted to discharge a duty devolved on
the Senator from Virginia [Mr. Hontkb] and my-
self yesterday. I beg leave to report that, in obe-
dience to the order of the Senate, the committee ap-
pointed to wait upon the President have discharged
the duty assigned to them, and the President of
the United States has informed them that he will
this day communicate with the Senate.
Mr. BRIGHT. I believe the resolution has
not yet been received. I desire to make myself
understood, if I can make myself understood. I
have objected to the reception of the resolution.
In making that objection I do not wish to be under-
stood as being hostile to it. I reserve that question
for future consideration. I deny that the Senate
have a right to transact legislative business at this
session. I deny that they have a right, at this ses-
sion, called for executive purposes, to make ap-
propriations for past services. I object to the re-
ception of the resolution on that point, and desire
the sense of the Senate as to whether it can be re-
ceived. I am unwilling to pass it over, under the
idea that it lies on the table one day for considera-
tion; and I object to its reception.
Mr. RHETT. I think we had better settle the i
matter, so that we may hereafter know how to j
act.
Mr. SEWARD asked for the reading of the
resolution.
The resolution was read, as follows: !
Re/to I red, That each member of the Senate be supplied
with twelve additional copies of the Congressional Globe ;
and Appendix for the first and second session of the 30th ■
Congress, and that the Secretary canae the same to be
bound. <
Mr. RHETT. I understand that the inception
of that resolution is objected to. Then I say let
the vote be taken as to whether it shall be received
or not. I
Mr. WALKER. There is a question behind i
that—a question of order. It is objected to be-
cause it proposes to introduce a species of busi- |;
ness which we have no right to transact. The h
question is proposed to the Chair, that if anything 11
is to be done it may be regularly done. If the |
Chair declines to decide whether it is introducing
a species of business which we cannot transact at
this session, then the question can be referred to
the Senate, and we can decide it and make a pre-
cedent directly on the point.
The PRESIDENT. It seemed to the Chair
just now to be the general sense of the Senate that
we met each morning in legislative session, and
that therefore the executive Journal was not to be
read until the Senate proceeded to the considera-
tion of executive business. If that is generally
acquiesced in by the Senate, (and it seemed to be
so,) the Senator from North Carolina has a right
to lay his resolution on the table. It seemed to be
the opinion of Senators generally that we_meet in
legislative session everymorning, whether we were
or were not engaged in executive business the pre-
vious evening. If such be the case, the presiding
: Officer will direct the legislative Journal to be read
every morning; and no executive action,no action
which is executive, can take place until the doors
are closed, on a motion made to that effect. That
I understand to be the general sense of the Senate.
Several Senators. It is.
Mr. RUSK. If we have no power at this ses-
sion to do anything but sit with closed doors and
confirm nominations and ratify treaties, we have
no power to buy any stationery or anything else
that may be necessary.
Mr. CLARKE. Is it understood that the reso-
lution of the Senator from North Carolina is re-
ceived ?
The PRESIDENT. It is received if the under-
standing of the Senate be what the Chair has sta-
ted.
1 Mr. BRIGHT. Does the Chair decide that it
is in order to submit the resolution ?
The PRESIDENT. Certainly, if it is the
opinion of the Senate that we meet every morning
in legislative session. When it comes up for con-
sideration, it will be for the Senate to say whether
it comes within the range of the constitutional
, powers of this body when organized separately
from the other branch of Congress.
Mr. BRIGHT. I do not understand the Chair
j to have decided that we meet every morning in
| open session.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair had entertained
a different opinion—that we met in executive ses-
I sion; that the galleries were to be cleared and the
| Journal read; and that then any proposition might
be introduced which we might think proper to dis-
cuss. If there was anything necessary to be dis- 1
cussed in open session we did so; but if not, we
proceeded to the consideration of strictly execu-
tive business. The sense of the Senate seemed to
be different; an appeal had been taken, though it I
was not persisted in. The Journal of yesterday j
was read, and the Chair stated that, as it appeared
to be the general sense of the Senate, his opinion ;
would no doubt be overruled, and he would not be '
bound in the discharge of his duty to have the gal-
lery cleared any morning until a motion was made {
to go into executive session. If that is the sense 1
of the Senate, this resolution is in order. j
; Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I think there is j
a mistake in deciding that we meet here every |
morning in open session. The Senate may meet ]
i in open session or it may meet in executive ses- i
sion. If when in executive session to-day, we .
adjourn to meet to-morrow, we should meet in j
i executive session. But the Senate adjourned yes- i
terday from an open session, and they meet in
open session to-day, and continue in open session
until a motion is madeand carried that the doors be
closed. It is in the power of the body to adjourn
to meet in executive session, and it is not in the
power of the President to decide that we can only
< meet with closed doors. This morning it was ne-
cessary to transact some business which could
properly be done only in open session—theswenr-
lng in of a member, which is a very solemn, and
should be an open transaction. The oath is not
taken for the Senate merely; it is taken for the
whole country, and especially for his own constit-
uents; and there should be a great number of wit-
nesses. That is one proceeding of this morning
which should be in open session.
Then there was the reading of the Journal.
There is a Journal for open sessions and one for
secret sessions. It does not follow that there is no
executive Journal to be read because we were not
in executive session yesterday. The last day we
were in executive session is, so far as the execu-
tive action of the Senate is concerned, yesterday,
even if three years had intervened. This is a per-
petual body. Our sessions are not for a day, not
for a year, two years, or three years. When we
go into executive session, the Journal of the last
executive session must be read, whatever time
might have elapsed.
The PRESIDENT. With the permission of
the Senate, the Chair will state to the Senator from
Mississippi that we are involved in difficulties to-
day. We have transacted business not immedi-
ately connected with our executive proceedings
without goinginto executive session. To-morrow
when we meet what would the Senator do with
the Journal of these proceedings if we meet in ex-
ecutive session ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. It depends on the
order of the Senate whether we meet in executive
session or not.
Mr. BRIGHT. I would ask the Chair for its
decision on the resolution.
; The PRESIDENT. The Chair decides that it
can be received.
Mr. BRIGHT. Then I appeal from that de-
cision.
Mr. CLARKE. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the appeal.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair has decided
that it is in order to introduce the resolution pro-
posed by the honorable Senator from North Car-
olina. From that decision the honorable Senator
from Indiana appeals. The question is, Will the
Senate sustain the decision of the Chair?
Mr. ATCHISON. I do not think the decision
will effect the object which the Senator from Indi-
ana has obviously in view. His motion, as I un-
derstand it, is to test the power of the Senate, aS
i now organized, to receive or act upon the resolu-
i tion. I will vote to receive that resolution, and I
j will vote to recei ve all other respectful papers pre-
sented to the Senate. It seems to me that the
question which the Senator has tried to get at is
this: Has the Senate, as now organized, the same
power that it had during the last three months—
the same power over subjects of this kind? I
know the Senate has no power to legislate unless
in conjunction with the House of Representatives;
but the Senate has exercised the power of purcha-
, sing books, of printing books, and of doing pre-
cisely what the honorable Senator from North
Carolina proposes to do, upon various occasions
during the last session—indeed, too often. I hold
that the Senate has the same power now, upon all
subjects of this kind, that it had during the last
session of Congress. It can do anything now
which could be done during the last session of
Congress. It seems to me that this term " legis-
lative session" as used implies, and is intended to
imply, nothing more than open session. Now,
the question arises, can the Senate make an appro-
priation out of their contingent fund to purchase
books in executive session ? Under our rules, can
business of this kind be done in executive ses-
sion ? We all admit it has not been done, and
that under the rules it cannot be done. Then it
comes back to the original question—the question
started by the President of the Senate: is the Sen-
ate now in executive session, or can the Senate
transact any other but executive business under
this call by the President? It comes back to that
original question; and this motion of the Senator
from Indiana not to receive the resolution, it seems
to me, does not settle the question whether the
resolution can be received and acted upon by a vote
of the Senate.
[A message of an executive character was re-
ceived from the President of the United States, by
his Private Secretary, M. P. Fillmore, Esq.]
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator from Indiana
seems to be under the impression that we have
been convened in executive session. I do not un-
derstand that such is the nature of the call of the
President; nor could he call us together for that
purpose alone. The Pres'dent has convened a
special session of the Senate of the United States,
with the view that the attention of the Senate may
be called to executive business; but it is the Sen-
ate that has assembled. I apprehend, then, we
meet under the Constitution as the Senate. We
come together in open session. We may do any
act, after we have assembled, which it is compe-
tent for the Senate to do by itself without connec-
tion with the House of Representatives. I there-
fore understand that I have a right to bring in any
resolution to call upon a Department for informa-
tion which may relate to legislative business at the
next session of Congress. I may feel it my duty
to introduce a resolution calling for information,
