404
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 5,
Proceedings of the called Session.
Senate.
that it may be ready for action at the next session.
This it is competent for the Senate to do as a Sen-
ate. It will require a motion to go into executive
session, before the Senate can proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business with closed doors,
and that motion will be made this session just the
same as it was during the regular session. The
Journals will be kept in the same way. When we
meet every niornin;r, therefore, we come together
as the Senate, and the Journal of the Senate—that
is, the Journal of the preceding open session—will
be read; and when we go into executive session,
the Journal of the preceding executive session will
be read.
The fact of the President of the United States
having intimated that the extraordinary occasion
on which he lias called us together relates to ex-
ecutive business, does not limit our powers or our
duties. He cannot limit our powers at this ses-
sion by stating that he was induced to call us for
a certain purpose, no more than an extraordinary
Congress, called on account of a deficiency in the
revenues or a deficiency in the appropriations, can
be confined to the objects for which the President
calls them together. When we come together we
meet under the Constitution and have all the pow-
ers which the Constitution gives us. Therefore,
I regard this call as a call of the Senate of the
United States—an extra session of the Senate
meeting as a Senate—and we have all the powers i
of the Senate under the Constitution, and it re- ||
quires a special motion to go into an executive ses- 1
sion. I believe, therefore, the resolution may be <
offered; accordingly I must vote to sustain the de-
cision of the Chair that the Senator front North
Carolina has a right to introduce the resolution.
Every Senator has under the rules a right to offer
a resolution which shall lie over one day, but |
whether the .resolution shall be adopted when it
comes up is a very different question, and I may
entertain a different opinion from the Senator m
relation to the merits of the resolution. Now, ,
however, the question is, has the Senator from
North Carolina a right to offer the resolution? I
hold that no man has a right to object to its being 1
offered. It is his right under the rule to offer it.
I doubt whether even the objection ought now to
be entertained, for the reason that the resolution
is not up for consideration, but lies over one day
for consideration. I do not think objection ought
to be entertained until the resolution comes up
regularly for the consideration of the Senate.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have stated that I regarded
this as an executive session, called by the Presi-
dent under the Constitution, and that until we had
organized in an executive form we had no right
to transact any business. I do not understand
that any such organization has yet taken place.
W e have not gone into executive session. Before
we have readied that point, before we have formed
ourselves under the call which has been made, a
proposition is offered to transact legislative busi-
ness. To that I object. If the Senate had gone ,
into executive session, and then a proposition had
been made to open the doors and to receive the
resolution, I should make no objection, but I
would be willing to take the resolution upon its
merits, and present the objections which I will
present to some resolutions that will come up. I
deny, however, that we have organized in execu-
tive session, in pursuance of the call which has
been made upon us. We have no right, I think,
to entertain any of these resolutions until we have
gone into executive session, as we were called for
that object. I understood the Chair originally to
indicate the opinion that all resolutions were out of
order; but as the Chair consented to receive this one,
I felt it my duty to appeal from that decision.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair acted 111 con-
formity with what seemed to be the general opin- i
ion of the Senate.
Mr. BRIGHT. I appealed from the decision
of the Chair with a view of going into executive
session. After we had gone into executive ses-
sion, and closed the doors, a proposition might be
made to open the doors to receive it, and then the
question would regularly come up whether it could
be entertained.
Mr. PEARCE. I consider the objection of the
benator from Indiana as raising the question
whetherthe Senate is competent to do, at this ses- !
sion, such business as'it is competent for them to j
i transact without the concurrence of the House of
Representatives. I undeistood the Chair to inti-
mate, in consequence of what seemed to be the
opinion of the Senate, that such business miffht be
entertained, and the Senator from Indiana appealed
from the decision of the Chair. That is the state
of the case. Entertaining no manner of doubt that
the Senate is competent at this session to transact
any business which does not require the coopera-
tion of the House of Representatives, I can have
no difficulty in giving my vote to sustain the de-
cision ofthe Chair; andif the Senate will just vote
to sustain the decision of the Chair, we shall have
settled the whole matter.
Mr. MANGUM. Peeling perfectly assured that
the universal practice has been in accordance with
the decision of the Chair, I shall vote to sustain that
decision; but, with a view to dispose of the ques-
tion of entertaining the motion, I move to lay the
appeal on the table.
Several Senators. Oh, no; withdraw the mo-
tion.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask the honorable Senator
to withdraw his motion for a moment.
Mr. MANGUM. At the request of several
Senators, I withdraw the motion, so as to have
the question taken directly on the appeal.
Mr. SEWARD. For the purpose of meeting
this question directly, I ask leave to submit the
following resolution;
Resolved, That the .Senate is not restricted at this session
to the consideration of matter.-* purely executive, hut such
consideration may be extended to all matters proper to be
transacted by the Senate without the cooperation of the
House of Representatives.
Mr, BRIGHT. I object to that resolution being
received.
The PRESIDENT. It cannot be received,, as
objection is made, because another question is
pending1.
The question was taken by yeas and nays on
sustaining the decision of the Chair, and resulted
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bayard, Berrien, !
Borland, Bradbury, Brodhead, Butler, Cass, Chase, Clarke. '
Clay, Clemens, Cooper, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of 1
Mississippi, Dawson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa,
Douglas, Downs, Felch, Foote, Gwin, Hale, Hunter, Jones, :
Mangurn, Mason, Miller, Morton, Norris, Pearce, Rhett,
Rusk, Sebastian, Seward, Shields, Smith, Soul£, and Un-
dei wood—41.
NAYS—Messrs. Bright, Walker, and Whitcomb—3.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
The PRESIDENT, before the result was an-
nounced, rose and said: The Chair will take the
liberty of stating that he acted in conformity with
what seemed to be the general sense of the Senate.
That, however, has not changed his own indi-
vidual opinion.
Mr. BRIGHT. I ask the Chair to enforce what
he considers to be the rule in relation to this mat-
ter.
The PRESIDENT. There is no particular rule
in relation to it.
The result was then announced as given above,
and the resolution lies over under the rule.
NEW MEMBER.
Hon. Richard Brodhead, elected a Senator by
the Legislature of the State of Pennsylvania for
the term of six years, appeared, was sworn, and
took his seat.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
_ Mr. BADGER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read:
Resolved, That each member of the Senate be supplied
with twelve additional copies of the Congressional Globe
and Appendix for the fir>t and second session of the Thir-
tieth Congress, and that the Secretary cause the same to be
bound.
NAVIGATION AND COMMERCE.
Mr. CLARKE offered the following resolutions:
Resolved, That the Pie^dem of the United States be re-
quited to communicate to the Senate, in addition to the
information called for by a resolution of the Senate passed
on the 3d ot January, 1649, a statement ofthe navigation
and commerce between foreign countries with whom we
have no trratie* of reciprocity and the United States, >ince
the year 1801, particularly with France, Spam, and Portu-
gal, and the dependencies of each, and with the Republics
ot Mexico and Hayti.
Resolved, That whenever the information called for by
the said resolution of January 3,1349, together with the in-
formation called for by the foregoing resolution, shall have
been tully prepared, the Secretary ofthe Treasury be here-
by directed to cause the same to be printed ui proper form
and bound, and that two thousand copies of the same be
published, to be disposed of hereafter by the Senate.
POWERS OF A CALLED SESSION.
1 Mr. SEWARD submitted the following reso-
i lution for consideration:
Resolved, That the Senate is not restricted at this session
to the consideration of matters purely executive, and that
such consideration may be extended to a!) matters proper
to be transacted by the Senate without the cooperation of
the House of Representatives.
CLERK TO THE COMMITTEE OF CLAIMS.
Mr. NORRIS submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration;
Resolved, That the clerk of the Committee of CJaimsy
appointed by the said committee under a resolution of the
Senate of January 3, 1850, be continued through the vaca-
tion, and that he be employed in completing a classified
i index and digest of their reports heretofore made.
COLLECTION DISTRICT STEAMERS.
| Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, submitted the
following resolution for consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be instruct-
ed to report to the Senate, at the commencement of the
next session of Congress, the number of bteamers in each'
collection district; their tonnage; the number of officers,
crew, and other persons employed on board the same an-
nually; and the average distance each passenger is carried ;
arranging ocean steamers m one class, piopellers in another,
ferry-boats in another, and ordinary steamers in another;
stating tlie number propelled by htgh-pressure and the num-
ber by low-pressure engines.
PAYMENT FOR CONGRESSIONAL PRINTING.
Mr. FOOTE submitted the following resolu-
tions for consideration:
Resolved, That the opinions of the Supreme Court, or-
dered to be printed by the Senate in executive session of
1849, be referred to the Attorney General, along with the
contracts for the printing of the Thirty-first Congress ; and
that the Secretary of the Senate be, and he is hereby, au-
thorized to pay the printer of the said opinions, out of the
contingent fund of the Senate, the sum which the Attorney
General may adjudge to be the price of the same under the
contract, first deducting therefrom the sum heretofore paid
in that behalf: Provided, That the said printer will first
enter into an agreement to refund the difference between
the amount adjudged to be due by the Attorney General and
the amount heretofore received, in case the Attorney Gen-
eral should fix the price of the said printinglower them that
heretofore received.
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be, and he is-
hereby, instructed to pay for the printing of the Thirty-fust'
Congress which has been or may be executed by order of
the Senate, except the opinions of the Supreme Court, out'
1 of the contingent fund of the Senate, at one half the rates
established by the joint resolution ot 1819, the sums hereto-
fore paid under the contracts being considered as part pay-
ment.
REGENTS OF SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
Mr. PEARCE submitted the following resolu--
tion; which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President ofthe Senate fill the vacan-
cy in the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution-
occasioned by the expiration on the 3d day of March, 1851,.
of the term of the Hon. Jefferson Dav is, a member in the
said Board.
EXTRA COMPENSATION.
Air. CLAY submitted the following resolution;
which was, on motion, referred to the Committee
to Audit and Control the Contingent Fund of the
Senate:
Resolved, That there be paid out of the contingent fund
of the Senate to each of the officers, clerks, messengers,
pages, and laborers in the employment of the Senate, the
same amount of compensation allowed them at the last ses-
sion of the Thirtieth Congress; and that the messengers and
pages be continued for the period of two months from the
termination of the present session, for the purpose of fold-
ing and transmitting documents ordered to be printed for the
use of the Senate.
PRINTING OF THE PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. BORLAND submitted the following; and,
in explanation, he said that since the printing of'
this document had been submitted to the Commit-
tee on Printing, upon which, during the closing
scenes of Congress, he had not been able to get an
opportunity to report, he had ascertained that the
document had been ordered to be printed by the
House of Representatives, and theiefore he now
submitted to the Senate a proposition to purchase
for the use of the Senate the copies they might re-
quire:
Ordered, That the Secretary of the Senate purchase for
the usekof the Senate thousand copies ofthe fir*t pan,
and thousand copies of the second part of the report
of the Commissioner of the Patent Office for 1850, from the
printer who shall print the same documents under the order
of the last session of the House of Representatives, at a
price not exceeding the rate at which said documents shall
be paid for under said order of the House.-
