1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
405
Proceedings of the called Session.
Senate.
SURVEYS OF THE MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. DOWNS submitted the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved,That the Secretary of War furnish the Senate,
at its next session, with all the reports which accompanied
the survey of the mouth of the Mississippi in 1838, which
have not yet been furnished or printed, with a reduced map
of the same.
PROFESSOR ESPY'S REPORT.
Mr. MANGUM submitted the following reso-
lution for consideration:
Resolred ly the Senate, That two thousand of the extra
numbers of I'm!". Espy's report on meteorology, ordered to
be printed by the Senate, be placed at the disposal of Prof.
Espy, to enable him to supply his meteorological correspond-
ents each with a copy.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of executive business; and, after some time spent
therein,
The Senate adjourned.
Thursday, March 6, 1851.
After the reading of the Journal of the open ses-
sion of yesterday,
Mr. MILLER moved to proceed to the consid-
eration of executive business.
Mr. MASON. I want to get a little order for
printing first, and to withdraw a paper or two.
Mr. BADGER. There are one or two other ,
matters to be attended to also.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I must ask leave
to withdraw some papers.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator with-
draw his proposition?
Mr. MILLER. These orders can be made af-
terwards, when we come out of executive session.
Mr. MASON. When we come out of execu-
tive session, we shall adjourn.
Mr. HALE. Let us go through the morning
business.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator with-
draw his proposition ?
Mr. MILLER. No, sir; I must insist upon
the motion.
The question being put, on a division the result
■was—ayes 27, noes 8. <
So the Senate proceeded to the consideration of j
executive business; and, after some time spent
therein, the doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
Friday, March 7,1851. i
Mr. HUNTER. I believe it has been decided
by the Senate that we may at this session do what-
ever the Senate may do at any time alone without
conjunction with the House of Representatives.
The PRESIDENT. It has been so decided.
Mr. HUNTER. "ITiat being the case, I offer I
a resolution, and as it is simply one of inquiry, I ;
hope the Senate will, by unanimous consent, con-
sider it at this time.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretaries of State, of the Treasury,
of the Interior, of War, of the Navy, and the Postmaster
General, be directed to report to the Senate at the next ses-
sion of Congress some plan for classifying the clerks in
those Departments, for apportioning their salaries accord-
ing to their services, and for equalizing the salaries of
clerks of the same grade in each of the Departments; and
also some plan to provide for a fair and impartial examina-
tion of the qualifications of clerks, and for promoting them
from one grade to another upon a due regard to qualinca- ,
lions and services.
The resolution was agreed to.
MILITARY PRECEDENCE.
Mr. MASON submitted the following motion;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Ordered, That the communication of the Secretary of
War of the 28th February, 1851, in answer to a resolution
of the Senate of the 28th of February, 1851, respecting the
assignment of Brevet Colonel Plympton to command at
Jefferson Barracks, be printed.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion by Mr. MASON, ordered that Ben-
jamin Moor and J. Bankroft Woodcock have
leave to withdraw their petitions and papers.
On motion by Mr. CHASE, ordered that the
chiefs and delegation of the Wyandot nation of In-
dians have leave to withdraw their petition asking
payment for lands ceded by them to the United
States under the treaty of March 17,1842.
On motion by Mr. WALKER, ordered that
Julia Ann Cossart have leaveto withdraw her pe- !i
tition and papers. j|
I On motion by Mr. NORRIS, ordered that |
1 George W. Corliss have leave to withdraw his pe- I'
j tition and papers. j
i EXTRA COMPENSATION.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, from the Committee on
the Contingent Expenses of the Senate; to which
was referred the resolution of the Senate submitted
by Mr. Clay on the 5th instant, making allowances
to persons in the service of the Senate, reported the
same with an amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, submitted infor-
mally an amendment to the resolution.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. MILLER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business,
and after some time spent therein the doors were
reopened.
EXTRA COMPENSATION.
On motion by Mr. CLAY, the Senate proceed-
ed to consider the resolution reported this morning
from the Committee to Audit and Control the Con-
tingent Expenses of the Senate in relation to extra
; compensation for certain officers.
It was read a second time, and its further con-
sideration was postponed until to-morrow.
DOUBTFUL LEGISLATION.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, submitted a reso- •
lution, which was considered by unanimous con-
sent and agreed to, instructing the Committee on
' j Enrolled Bills to inquire whether the bill for the
relief of the American Colonization Society had
been improperly transmitted to the President for
his signature.
ADJOURNMENT. I
Mr. BRIGHT submitted for consideration a res- j
olution that the Senate adjourn sine die on Mon-
day, the 10th instant.
PRINTING.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolution
submitted by Mr. Borland on the 5th instant, rel-
ative to the purchase and printing of a certain
number of copies of the Patent Office Report for
the year 1850.
On motion by Mr. BORLAND, it was laid on
the table.
REPORT OF THE SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
On motion by Mr. BORLAND, the report of
the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institu-
tion was ordered to be printed. j
Mr. BORLAND. I now move that three thou- i
sand extra copies of that report be printed. '
| Mr. BRADBURY. I hope we will let the mat-
I ter of printing documents lie over until we meet for
the transaction of ordinary legislative business;
and not undertake enterprises of this kind at this
time.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I cannot see how
the printing of a report made to Congress can
properly be termed an enterprise.
Mr. RHETT. "Who is to print it?
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The public
printer.
Mr. RHETT. He says he cannot do it.
Mr. BORLAND. That is the old contractor.
This goes to the new contractor.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I was surprised
to hear the few remarks which were made on this
question. Surely Senators forget that the United
! States have accepted the bequest made by a for-
eigner to found an institution at Washington,and
that Congress have organized a Board of Regents,
and given them the charge of the fund so left to the
United States for the benefit of mankind; and this
is the report of the Board 4o constituted by Con-
gress. If there be anything more than another
' which we should circulate freely throughout the
! United States, it is the knowledge of the manner
in which we discharge this holy trust which we
have taken upon ourselves. The report of the
Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution
is made to Congress by authority as high as the
report of any committee of Congress. If it be
i said that you ought not to print extra copies of
j this, to that I would reply that a report made by
a committee of Congress is for the action of Con-
Ij gress, and it would be questionable whether the
Senate shotfld print extra copies of a report of
one of its committees; but it is clear that if you
have authority to print for circulation and dis-
tribution at all, it belongs to such a document as
this, relating to a trust-fund bequeathed to the
United States, taken charge of by the United
States, and which we are now administering
through a Board of Regents. As to the value of
the information, I will express no opinion.
Mr. RHETT. I would ask my friend from
Mississippi why the Smithsonian Institution it-
self does not print its own proceedings ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I said, I think,
that this was a report to Congress. The Smith-
sonian Institution does print its contributions to
knowledge, and does attend to their diffusion
among men. This, however, is not a contribu-
tion to human knowledge, but is a report to Con-
gress of the manner in which the Board of Regents
executed the trust confided to them.
Mr. PEARCE. I beg leave simply to add,
that the law organizing the Smithsonian Institu-
tion compels the Board of Regents to make this
annual report to Congress.
Mr. MASON. I move to amend the motion so
as to provide that one thousand copies shall be
printed for the Institution.
Mr. NORRIS. Is this the report of a commit-
tC6 ?
Mr. BORLAND. It is the report of the Board
of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution; the
question of printing it was referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing; the committee were in favor of
the proposition, but could not make a report. It
has been ordered to be printed; and the proposi-
tion now is to print three thousand extra copies.
Mr. NORRIS. Does it come from the Com-
mittee on Printing ?
Mr. BORLAND. It does.
The amendment was agreed to.
At the session yesterday, on the motion of Mr.
Pearce, the President of the Senate was author-
ized to fill the vacancy in the Board of Regents
occasioned by the expiration of the term of service
of the Hon. James M. Mason, and on a previous
occasion the same authority was given to fill the
vacancy occasioned by the expiration of the term
of service of the Hon. Jefferson Davis. The
President thereupon reappointed the Hon. Jef-
ferson Davis and the Hon. James M. Mason.
On motion by Mr. CLARKE, the Senate again
proceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
| ness, and after some time spent therein, the doors
I were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
Saturday, March 8,1851.
Mr. UPHAM presented the credentials of the
Hon. Solomon Foot, elected a Senator of the
United States by the Legislature of Vermont for
the term of six years from and after the 3d day of
March, 1851; which were read, and Mr. Foot,
having been duly qualified, took his seat.
CONTESTED SEAT.
Mr. MORTON. I have had placed in my
hands a communication from the Hon. David L.
Yulee, addressed to the Senate of the United States,
which I beg leave to present. I ask that it may
be read, laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
The communication was read, as follows:
Washington, March 8,1851.
To the Senate of the United State*:
I beg leave to present an extract from th« daily journal of
the General Assembly of Florida, printed by authority and
for the use of that body, showing that the proceedings and
vote which took place on the 13th day of January last, in
the choice of a Senator of the United States for ttia term
commencing the 4th of March current.
It will be seen the President of the joint meeting an-
nounced that there was no choice, in consequence whereof
the Legislature proceeded in several successive votings,
until on a subsequent day it was announced that the Hon.
Stepheh R. -Mai.lory was chosen.
After a careful examination of the subject, I have a
strong conviction that the first voting completed an election;
that in feet and right I was then duly and constitutionally
chosen, and that all the subsequent proceedings were there-
fore void.
It appears that I was the only person put m nomination;
. that no votes were given for any other eligible person, and
that more than a majority of a quorum of the elective body
declared me to be their choice.
It is understood that the Legislature acted under an im-
pression that the eonftirring voices of a major part of all the
