1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
409
Proceedings of the called Session.
Senate.
mem of the committee as it stands is, I think, bet-
ter than it wilt be if amended in the manner pro-
posed by the Senator from Mississippi.
The amendment to the amendment proposes to
keep the messengers for two months. How can
you tell beforehand whether they will or will not
be able to fold all the documents in that time? If
you continue them indefinitely on their per diem
allowance, you indefinitely enlarge the expense,
without reference to the amount of work which
may be required. If you adopt the plan proposed
by the committee, to employ and retain all the
messengers and pages for the purpose of doing
this folding, and pay them for what they do, you
retain them until the work is done, and you pay
them for what is done. You are certain then to
pay for nothing but what you need, and every one
receives a just compensation for what he does, j
This is the reason why I prefer the amendment of 1
the committee.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I think the mod-
esty of the committee is greatly to be commended
in the small extent to which they hav? gone in re-
form. It does seem to me to be the very smallest
amount of reform I haye ever heard heralded as
such. I am in favor of equalization, and I see no
reason upon which the argument of the Senator
from North Carolina rests which would not be
equally applicable to the clerks of the Senate. I
do not see the justice of making one class of offi-
cers salaried officers, and another class salaried
for a certain time, and then put at piece-work.
We should have some uniformity of system,
something of that equalization which I have sought
to bring into other departments, brought into the
Senate. If the committee had done this, I should
have cheerfully gone with them.
The amendment to the amendment was not j
agreed to.
Mr. BADGER. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding:
Rewelved, That the clerk of the President pro tempore be
continued during the ensuing recess of the Senate at the
per diem compensation hitherto allowed.
Mr. WHITCOMB. I should like to know
what duties this clerk will have to perform during
the vacation .'
Mr. BADGER. If the honorable Senator
wishes to know how the clerk of the President of
the Senate is employed by him during the recess,
it would be far better to apply to him than to me.
He does nothing for me; he is the clerk of the
President of the Senate, and will during the recess,
I suppose, discharge such duties as are assigned
him by him whose clerk he is.
Mr. BRIGHT addressed the Senate. The notes
of his remarks were furnished him for revision,
but have not been received from him.
Mr. BADGER. I think the honorable Senator
from Indiana is entitled to all praise and com-
mendation for the sentiments he entertains on this
subject, taking the open, public,and manlyground '
which he has taken in respect to it. I am ex-
tremely glad to hear him say that he intends at ,
the next session of Congress to propose a bill for j
the purpose of remodeling and reorganizing this ;
system. I assure him that I, for one, will, to the
uttermost of my little power, cheerfully cooperate
with him in establishing such a system as shall
make it unnecessary for the Senate hereafter to
vote any extra compensation. But no question as
to what we shall do at the next session is now {
before us. The question now is, whether we shall
make the usual extra allowances to our officers, or
suddenly, without notice, without preconcert, with-
out any new arrangement, cut them off and leave
them without that which, from our past conduct,
they had a just and fair right to expect? I hope
we shall not.
My friend from Indiana speaks about these sal-
aries. He says they are all admitted to be large.
I do not admit it. He speaks of $20,000 being a i
large sum. All these terms are relative. If it j
were a sum paid by me or to me it would be large, >
but in regard to the persons who are to receive this
money, and the Government which is to pay for
services rendered, it is not a large sum. I will
take one instance. The honorable Senator referred
to the Secretary, who receives a salary of $3,000
per annum, and who receives an additional thou-
sand dollars. So he does. He receives-an addi-
tional compensation, as every salaried officer of
the Senate has been in the habit of receiving.
For years past the Senate have been in the habit
of allowing liim an additional $500. For what?
Because, under the operation of the sub-treasury
system, we have converted him into a sub-treas-
urer, and he disburses every year nearly half a
million of money, and disburses it, let me say, so
far as my knowledge or understanding extends,
(and he stands an exception from other office-hold-
ers in that respect,) in strict accordance with the
provisions of the law—no banks, no checks, no
securities—he receives it in gold and silver and
pays it out in gold and silver. For that service,
superinduced upon hi^ office as Secretary, exceed-
ingly responsible and burdensome, we have been
in the habit of giving him the mighty compensa-
tion of $500 per annum. With my sense of re-
sponsibility I would not undertake to do it for ten
times $500. I will not go through these items. 1
will not weary the attention of the Senate. I tell
my friend from Indiana that'I am willing to meet
him next session upon his bill; but do not let us
undertake now at this session to do a cruel and
j a hard thing to these officers by cutting off their
usual extra allowances.
Mr. ATCHISON. I have but one word to say.
, I concur with the Senator from Indiana in all that
he has said, but I think it a very bad time now,
at this short session, this extra session, to com-
mence reform. Let us give the boys their pay for
this session, and then at the long session we can
mature some system of compensation for officers
in the employ of the Senate. It is no small mat-
ter, small as it is, to disappoint them. They ex-
pect this extra compensation. We have given it
to them for years past. I am perfectly willing at
] the next session of Congress to devise some plan
I that shall be satisfactory.
| Mr. BADGER. So are we all.
I - Mr. RUSK. 1 have but a single word to add
to what has been said. It has been customary to j
make these extra allowances. The most of our
employees are poor.-men—men who make their
living by the labor they perform here. Many of
them are boys, and boys of fine character—boys
who are engaged in their leisure moments, as I
have very frequently seen' them, in studying; I
have often given them orders to get books from
the library. They use their spare time to improve
their minds and emulate those who have risen |
from low circumstances to distinguished station. I
These boys, too, are perhaps laboring' for poor
mothers, and carry home a portion of their earn-
ings for the purpose of relieving poverty and want, i
; It is said that this is a large amount in the aggre- j
gate to the whole seventy-one individuals. So it !
is; b'ut it is a small amount to each one. If I
were a wealthy man; if I stood in relation to j
wealth towards the balance of the world as the
Government of the United States does, and sev-
enty-one persons had labored for me night and
day, and they were dependent on their labors for I
their own support and the support of their moth-
ers, at the conclusion of it I should feel_ bound to
reward them; and I should feel amply compensa-
ted by the joy which would be diffused among the.
families to whom it was distributed. This is a
large amount in the aggregate; but it is not per-
haps the hundredth part of a cent, certainly not
the hundredth part of a dollar, on each individual
in the United States. I do not think a majority of
I thepeopleof theUnited States would object to their
I Senators causing joy and gladness by the distribu-
: tion of this little pittance to relieve poverty and want.
Mr. BRIGHT again addressed the Senate, the
i notes of which remarks were also furnished him.
j Mr. HALE. There is no subject upon which
; I have voted with more embarrassment than upon
| this. The first session I came here we all agreed
that that would be the last time we would do this,
and that we would reform it at the next session,
and we have been promising ourselves this at eve-
I ry session. I have sometimes made up my mind
j that I would vote against this extra compensation;
but at the time I was thinking about it I happened
to look at the Navy Register, and I saw there that
; of sixty-seven post-captains, forty were " waiting
orders," and I saw no attempt to reform that. 1
thought that, while we were paying $2,000 or
$3,000 a year to post-captains to wait orders, it
was a wrong place to economize to cut down those ;
who obeyed orders and performed duty day and |
night. If gentlemen wish to economize, let them
go to the right end; let them take the bull by the
horns—take hold of the extravagant abuses of the
Government, and I will go with them. I am not
one of the chivalry, but I have too much self-re-
spect to begin war on boys when I undertake to
show my courage. I agree exactly with the Sen-
ator from Indiana, but this not the time to begin.
I am satisfied of that Let us give the money to
the boys once, and give them fair warning to quit,
and say we will never do it again as long as we
live.
Mr. BRIGHT made some further remarks,
also furnished him.
Mr. WHITCOMB. I do not rise to prolong
this debate, but to make a few remarks, mostly
pertaining to myself personally. I was sensible
that I occupied an ungracious position in the op-
position I made to this measure at the close of the
session of Congress which has just ended. But I
was consoled by a sense of duty. As shown by
my colleague, here are seventy-one persons em-
ployed by the Senate, in and about the Capitol,
each of whom is allowed a regular compensation,
already fixed by law, and fixed, too, on mature
consideration. This compensation was originally
deemed an ample one, and from the avidity with
which these places have ever been sought, and
the fact that few or none ever resign, it wuldo
seem that the incumbents themselves entertain the
same opinion. And yet it is now proposed, by
our own separate action, without the sanction of
Congress, to pay these persons each an extra sum
or gratuity out of the Senate's contingent fund,in
addition to the legal pay to which, as I have
shown, they are already entitled, and which to-
gether amount in some cases to more than double
that pay. And this practice, as shown by my
colleague, has now been continued for years in
both branches of' Congress. It can hardly be
hoped that any one of the proposed recipients
of this bounty, and their numerous relatives and
friends in this city and elsewhere, will regard its
opponents with the same favor with which he or
she will view those who vote for it. To avoid
this loss of favor and kindness in an amiable, re-
fined, and intelligent community, in the midst of
which we necessarily sojourn for so large a por-
tion of the year, constitutes no small temptation.
I am not much surprised, therefore, whenever a
measure of this kind is resisted, to hear expres-
sions from various parts of this Chamber to the
effect that this is not exactly the time for reform, or
that this is not quite the particular object on which
it should be commenced; or that it should be made
the subject of a regular act of Congress at a sub-
sequent session; or that it is too small a matter to
attract our notice, when compared with the enor-
mous expenditures in the Army and Navy and
other branches of the public service. Mr. Presi-
dent, this policy of procrastination, and of avoid-
ing the direct question, is not a new one. It has
unfortunately characterized mankind, in a greater
or less degree, in every age and in every place,
where a disagreeable duty had to be performed.
After full reflection, I have determined to resist
this measure from a conviction of duty. There
is no danger of my motives being misunderstood;
for, personally, I have nothing to gain by my op-
position, and I do not know one of the numerous
recipients of the proposed bounty who has not
my kindly regards and good wishes. If I do not
lose more or less of their favor, I certainly cannot
expect to increase it by opposing this resolution.
So far as the gratification and pleasure which it is
urged this bounty will afford them is concerned, I
would gladly increase it tenfold, if in my power;
but when, to do so, it is proposed to appropriate
money from the public Treasury which is confided
to our charge for economical application, it in-
volves a question of principle to wnich, under my
convictions, I cannot shut my eyes. As a repre-
sentative in part of the people of one of the States
of this Union, I cannot consent to the appropria-
tion of any portion of their taxes, especially in
the present condition of our financial affairs, with-
out some advantage, necessity, or value in return.
We hear it conceded on all sides of the Chamber
that this practice is wrong in principle. Even my
friend from North Carolina, who I am sure will
not be accused of being penurious in his votes on
; questions of disbursing the public money, admits,
