410
APPENDfX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 8,
Proceedings of the called, Session.
Senate.
if I rightly understand him, that it is all wrong,
at least so far as to say that at another session he
will abandon this system, and come up boldly to
the side of my colleague and sustain reform.
Mr. BADGER. I never vote for anything
which I believe to be wrong. I said that I would
willingly join in making the compensation of these
officers such that there would no longer be any
necessity for voting this extra compensation. That
is all.
Mr. WHITCOMB. I was very much gratified
to hear the same sentiment avowed by my friend
from Texas [Mr. Rusk] and my friend from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Atchison.] They all seem to think
that the principle is wrong; but that unfortunately
this is not the right time to begin its correction.
The Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale]
repeats the same sentiment, and indeed in such a
tone and style as to leave me rather uncertain as
to whether he will not at last vote against the reso-
lution. I think the apparently ironical remarks
he made imply anything else than approbation of
tlus system. But he says we must commence re-
form in our navy appropriations. We must take
the bull by the horns, to use the Senator's figure.
I think so, too-, but I want to take but one bull at
a time, and from the signs I see around me, I fear
we shall not be able to manage even this, by no
means the largest of the breed. I am for taking
one bull at a time, sir, and that, too, the first one
that comes to hand. If we conquer this, I will go
with the Senator next year in cutting down our
Navy, our Army, and our civil expenses also, until
the whole herd of rampant abuses is destroyed. I
would apply the pruning knife freely and effective-
ly; and, what is of no less importance, I would
begin the work immediately. Abuses are gradually
creeping into the administration of our financial
affairs which, if not speedily arrested, will ingulf
us in a national debt in time of peace. When I
see the systematic efforts of the greater part of one
of the leading parties of this country, in endeavor-
ing, under the delusions of an antiquated theory,
to create an apology for a higher tariff by plung-
ing the Government in debt, and when I see some
of all parties who cannot resist the temptations of
increasing that debt by pet schemes, by local ex-
penditure, by personal favor, and by individual
gratuity, I tremble for my country. Happy, in-
deed, shall I be to find in a few years my appre-
hensions that the present is to be the commence-
ment of a perpetual national debt not realized.
The argument of gentlemen is, that this is not
the time to commence reform, but that we should
wait until we get something larger; that it will not
do to commence reforming in small matters.
Twenty thousand dollars is a " small matter!"
This has grown up from $8,000 to $20,000. I
suppose it will be a " small matter," in the estima-
tion of some gentlemen, when it grows up to
$100,000 or $150,000. The amount to which the
abuse has already attained, I should hope, is
enough to cause us concern; but that is not the
question. The question is whether we ought, as
a matter of conscience, right, and justice, to put
our hands into the national Treasury and pay out
money without any service being rendered.
Something has been said about charity and little
boys in this debate. Mr. President, I like little
boys. I hope I shall not forget that I was once a
little boy myself; aye, sir, and needed as much of
sympathy and assistance as any little boy here in
our employ. But, sir, when we reflect that the
regular pay allowed to each of these little boys is
two dollars per day; that, in addition to that, the
proposition now is to give each of them $200 for
the late short session, and that each received at the
last long session double that amount; when we
reflect that their pay while living here at home is
greater than that of the members of nearly if not
quite all of the Legislatures of the Union while
absent from home; when we reflect, in fine, that
their pay, taking the long and short sessions to-
gether, is thus made greater than the salary of the
Governor of one of the States of this Union, the
plea of charity in their behalf is simply ridiculous.
The honorable Senator from North Carolina
speaks about the small compensation of the Secre-
tary of the Senate. That may be. I believe the
Secretary has a very responsible duty to perform
in relation to the disbursements. But I believe the
honorabie Senator did not extend his remarks any
further down the list. The fact that he has not
done so, and demonstrated the necessity of addi-
tional compensation, is strong proof to my mind
that even he, with his admitted talents, is unable
to do so. But, Mr. President, I have already ex-
tended these remarks further than I intended.
From past experience, I am satisfied that this
measure is destined to pass in spite of all opposi-
tion, and the only favor I have to ask before I re-
sume my seat is, that the yeas and nays may be 1
accorded on its passage.
Mr. BORLAND. I desire to say one or two
words only on this occasion. I shall vote for this
resolution. Some remarks have been made rather
in a playful way about the proper mode to com-
mence these reforms; and we have been told on
both sides of the Hall that we ought to take the
bull by the horns. I think that is the proper way.
But this is really not taking the bull by the horns,
but taking calves. [Laughter.] Speaking of calves '
and beef, reminds me of a remark of the Senator
from Indiana, in saying that these boys got two
■ dollars a day, and he could not understand why
i they should have more. I would suggest that,
according to the doctrine laid down some years
ago, that we should give them "two dollars a day "
and this extra compensation for "roast beef."
[Laughter.]
Mr. WHITCOMB. If I had supposed such a
proposition as that introduced by the Senator from
North Carolina [Mr. Badger] would have been
presented, I should have taken occasion to ascer-
tain from the presiding officer the necessity for the .
continuance of that clerk. I really feel somewhat
embarrassed in relation to it. If there were any
necessity for the continuance of this clerk I should .
vote for the amendment to the amendment. I did
hope the Senator from North Carolina would af- i
ford me some information on that point. He cer-
tainly gave what I considered to be an illogical
reason for not answering my question. He might
have stated the reasons which induced him to offer ,
the amendment. |1
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to. ,
Mr. NORRIS. I move further to amend the
amendment by adding:
Resolved, Th.it the clerk of the Committee of Claims,
appointed under a resolution of the Sfrtate of January, 1850,
be continued through the vacation, and that he be employed
in completing a classified index and digest of their reports
heretofore made.
Mr. RUSK. I move to amend that amendment
by adding, "and the clerk of the Committee on
Finance and the clerk of the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads."
The PRESIDENT. That is not in order, as
the amendment of the Senator from New Hamp- !
shire is an amendment to an amendment. |
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senator from New
Hampshire will accept the amendment.
Mr. NORRIS. The amendment which I have
offered rests on its own peculiar merits. After it
is voted upon, gentlemen can offer amendments for
the clerks of other committees. I will throw no
obstacle in their way. This amendment proposes
to continue the clerk of the Committee of Claims
during the recess for the purpose of completing a
classified index of the reports of the Committee ;
of Claims. I will state that the clerk has been j
employed during his leisure hours in indexing and i
digesting these reports up to the Fourteenth Con-
gress. The proposition now is to continue him
during the vacation that he may be enabled to com-
plete it. The object is to have a classified index
of the claims of all kinds which have been decided
by that committee, with a reference to the Con-
gress, the volume, and the number of the report, i,
with a short digest of the decision made, which 1
will enable that committee to turn to it at any time
and find the principles and precedents which have >
been heretofore decided. This will very much fa- I,
cilitate the labors of the committee; relieve them
from a great deal of labor; and, in my judgment,
is as economical as any expenditure of money can !
be. i
Mr. CASS. I opposed the appointment of this
clerk formerly, but on inquiry I ascertain that he
will be of great service in the way described by
the honorable Senator from New Hampshire. 1
shall, therefore, vote for the amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. NORRIS. I wish merely to add that the
amendment has been recommended by the com-
mittee, and I hope it will be adopted.
Mr. BRIGHT again addressed the Senate.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I believe this amend-
ment of my friend from New Hampshire is worth
the whole of this resolution. If the resolution be
amended as he proposes, I shall still vote against
it according to my present convictions; but this
amendment would give me a disposition to vote
for it, if I could vote for anything of the kind. If
you will look at the former compilations of these
reports, you cannot for your life find a single
principle that you want to find, adjudicated upon
by the committees or by Congress. It is literally
looking for a needle in a haystack. You want to
find the principle on which property is paid for
which was destroyed during the war of 1812 on
the frontier, under the acts of 181(i and 1817. You
find no such principle, unless you can recollect
the name of the particular case. You cannot find
the report which contains the principle, unless you
know the particular case to which it refers. The
proposition of my friend comes from the Commit-
tee of Claims, of which I am a member, with a
view of getting such a classification of the cases as
will show the principles which have been settled
by the action of the committees of Congress on
all the variety of subjects which have come before
the Committee of Claims, so as to make something
valuable out of this classification; so that if you
wish to find a principle in regard to paying for a
horse, you will know where to look for it; if you
wish to find a principle in regard to damages for
the burning of a house, you will know where to
look for it; if you wish to find a principle relating
to damages for the destruction of a ship in the
employ of the Government, you will know where
to look for it. And without naming one of the
other thousands of classes of claims, if they can
be divided, classified, and stated, you can make a
book which will show to the subsequent commit-
tees which shall have to act on claims, the prin-
ciples which have been decided by the former
Committees of Claims. It is the object of the
committee to get a work of that sort through their
present clerk, who has turned his attention to this
classification with the object in view which I have
stated.
Congress has refused to pass the bill providing
for the settlement of private claims by a board of
commissioners, and Congress, by the rejection of
that bill, have in prospect, for an indefinite period
of time, the action upon all the private claims that
may be presented against the Government; and
there is no telling when we shall get clear of this
class of cases, which consume very much of the
time and business of the committees of the two
Houses of Congress. Hence it will be a matter
of great importance to have in one compilation the
precedents and all the principles on which our
predecessors acted. I only rose to call this to the
attention of the Senate. I hope the amendment
will be adopted.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Indiana
suggested that I would make a proposition to con-
tinue the clerk of the Committee on Finance. I
have no such intention; there is no necessity for
continuing that clerk. I regard this as a proposi-
tion to compensate clerks, not so much for what
they have to do as for what they have done. If
the clerks of the other committees are to be com-
pensated, I believe that the clerk of theCommittee
on Finance is as much entitled as any other, and I
believe there is no man familiar with the services
he has rendered during the past session who will
not say the same thing. If this proposition fails
I shall make no motion to include him: but if the
clerk of theCommittee of Claims is to receive this
extra compensation, then I maintain that in order
to render equal justice all other clerks of commit-
tees should receive it. I can only answer for the
clerk of the committee to which I belong, and I
can say of him, that none have labored with more
industry, fidelity, and ability than the clerk of the
Committee on finance.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. My friend will allow
me to say that this is not a proposition to pay ex-
tra compensation, but to make the clerk do a cer-
tain work for a certain salary.
Mr. HUNTER. As to that, I rather think the
labor ia of that character which is not very neces-
