1851.}
APPENDIX tO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
415
Proceedings of the called Session.
Senate.
I believe, as my vote on the Oregon bill. I may
even go further back—to the revolution of Texas,
if you please—when the Governor of South Car-
olina denounced my countrymen and myself as ,
outlaws, who were not entitled to the sympathies
of the American community. To that, however,
I will not advert; I will confine myself to more
recent events, and particularly to the denunciation
by South Carolina of my vote on the Oregon bill.
"Whether it was worthy of South Carolina's de
nunciation I will not stay to question, but it is a
remarkable fact that identical votes were given by
the representatives of South Carolina m relation
to Iowa and Wisconsin, if not to other States; and
yet, in a public speech in Charleston, a gentleman
then a member of the Senate, but now no more,
denounced me, and said that I ought to be held up
to reprobation for the vote I had given. And,
subsequent to that time, another individual in
South Carolina assailed me in a style suited to his
own taste. This speech was not admired, I ad-
mit, as an elegant literary specimen, but still it
may have answered his purpose. To that I re-
plied, and I thought matters were then ended. I
was in hope3 they were.
In consequence of some recent circumstances,
and a publication which had been made by an
honorable gentleman who is of South Carolina, I
believe, or at least, claims an affinity with South
Carolina, and very properly too—I mean General
Hamilton—a relative of mine, in a friendly cor-
respondence, asked me for any suggestions I might
feel at liberty to make in the present crisis, ana I
took occasion to advert to General Hamilton's
letter. I did it, as I thought, in a courteous and
becoming manner. General Hamilton responded,
and it was but fair that I should rejoin. 1 did so, j
and in the same spirit in which he had answered |
my letter to my relative, and this rendered the cor- ,
respondence between us direet. In my reply to |
him, I now believe, inaccuracies existed. They j
are corrected of course. They were not inten-
tional, that must be manifest.
I did not expect that any effusion of mine would
be calculated to prejudice South Carolina in the
estimation of her sister States. But that does not
change my general objection to South Carolina
and her character as an oligarchy. Sir, she is con-
trolled by a few leading men. Look at the paucity
of her last election for members of the convention,
and see whether a public expression of opinion
has been given by the people of South Carolina,
and whether the manteuvres going on there are not
managed and controlled by a few leading individ-
uals. Upon this, sir, I have a right to animadvert.
I may have committed an error in the liurry of
composition in alluding to the election of Senators
for South Carolina; but it was reasonable to sup-
pose that, as the Legislature of South Carolina
exercised so many functions, they retained that
too. Be that as it may, that the people of South
Carolina do not enjoy their full right of suffrage
compared with other States, I aver. Has ever a
popular vote been given for the Chief Magistrate
of the State ? Has it ever been given for presiden-
tial electors? No, sir. Are no property qualifi-
cations requisite for the electors and representa-
tives in the Lower House and in the Senate of the
State ? They are. A qualification is requisite for
electors, or I do not read correctly.
Now, in substance this is made good. The very
objections I alleged have not been explained away;
and if I am to be taught anything I must be allowed
to select my preceptor. There are many qualifica-
tions requisite in a preceptor, and I must be allowed
to choose one who has the most of those quali-
fications; at least, I must find in him as many
as will induce me to think well of him, and re-
pose confidence in his ability. Is a Texan, a
representative of Texans, upon this floor, to be
instructed how to gain liberty or how to preserve
it? Is he to go to "South Carolina to be taught, or
to acquire a knowledge of loyalty to the Union or
to denounce the institutions of thecountry ? Texans
have been taught in the school of adversity. Ail
that they have done they were taught from instinct.
They were Americans. Like Americans they
have acted; like Americans they will always act.
They will be true to liberty and to the Union. It
would be strange, indeed, if it could be supposed
that Texans, after eight years of gloom, and trial,
and tribulation—insulated a* wai that little band
from the common society of nations; struggling !
as they were against eight millions of people, who
could send forth a million and a half of warriors,
against whom, nevertheless, they maintained their
position, but still with a heart yearning for reunion
to this country with all the filial attachment of
children—strange, indeed, I say, it would be if
they should not have learned to appreciate their
own condition, and to estimate their renewed in-
duction into this community. I should like to
see who is to be the teacher of Texans. For the
last fourteen years they have had but one common
instructor; their impulse has been a love of free-
dom. But has South Carolina done more for Tex-
as than other States have done? I do not know
in what. I would like to know in what danger
South Carolina has stood that has not been com-
mon to the whole Union? What has she done
that others have not done? If her loss in the fields
of battle and of victory was great and grievous to
South Carolina, the glory which has redounded to
her will be imperishable. Gallant were the sons
of South Carolina that fell on the soil of Mexico.
They offered a libation to their country in the gal-
lant blood they shed on the fields of victory. I
.appreciate all that they have done, and all that
others have done; but to accord to South Carolina
her meed of praise, to the exclusion of others—the
palm that she has led the van on all occasions,
when the cause of Texas has led to war—I am not
prepared. I wish not to say more about South
Carolina, and the course that has been pursued,
and which may be in contemplation to be pursued.
I have only said what I feel necessary to my pres-
ent position, and I will leave the other to ruminate
upon, for an occasion which may require a fur-
ther expression of opinion.
Mr. BUTLER. I hope I may be permitted to
say a word in connection with some, and only
some, of the topics which have been brought into
this discission, and I shall make rather severe
issues with the gentleman—at least, I shall not
allow him to take refuge in general declamation.
The Senate and the country will bear me testimo-
ny, that upon no occasion in this Senate, or any-
where else, have I thought it necessary to proclaim
the praises or eulogize the character of South Car-
olina. I have always thought it in bad taste, and
have forborne; but I have never permitted myself
to submit willingly to deliberate detraction and
misrepresentation.
Now, as far as regards General Wallace. The
Senator from Texas deliberately, on this floor, and
when General Wallace had not an opportunity to
confront him, made the charge that General Wal-
lace was sent by Mr. Calhoun into Tennessee,
under the guise of espionage, to bring about the
organization of the Mississippi convention.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will mention to the Sena-
tor, if he will permit me, that in my remarks to-
day I have not alluded to General Wallace, for the
very reason that he never once entered my mind.
The correspondence to which I alluded was the
letter of Mr. Calhoun, the letter of Mr. Gadsden,
and the letter of General Hamilton.
Mr. BUTLER. I had confounded them. I
was going to say that it was but in self-defence
that General Wallace made the declaration which
he did make. But the explanation of the Senator
is sufficient. When a Senator makes an explana-
tion I never undertake to contradict it. With re-
gard to Mr. Calhoun and the Senator, and Mr.
Gadsden and the Senator, and any body else and
the Senator, it is not my province to interfere. B«t
I wish now to say a word in reply to the Senator.
I did upon this floor, in my place, and under as
high responsibility as I ever spoke, declare, in the
face of the Senator himself, that what he had sta-
ted before—to wit, that the people of South Car-
olina could not vote without a property qualifica-
tion—was not true. The Senator must take one of
two alternatives. He had either not read the con-
stitution of South Carolina before he undertook to
quote it, or he could not understand it. Perhaps
both may be true; I do not undertake to say that.
Perhaps a constitution of well-balanced power,
regulated as this is, according to our view, is as un-
intelligible to some gentlemen as a Greek Testa-
ment would be to a savage. There stands the con-
stitution, and it has been brought to the view of
the gentleman before, as far as 1 could do it. He
has undertaken again to asseverate that the people
of South Carolina have no other liberty than may
be conceded to them by an organized oligarchy.
Why, there is no people on earth,as far as I know,
that have the amplitude of suffrage they have.
The truth is, there is very little necessity in South
Carolina for a property qualification. In the ru-
ral districts nearly every man owns land, or some
Property. How, then, can the Senator say that in
outh Carolina there is any restriction on the
power emanating from the free will and suffrage
of the people? Two years' residence in the State
gives to every freeman that carries a gun the right
to vote. There is the proposition.
The Senator says it was not his purpose to in-
jure South Carolina in the estimation of the other
States. Sir, 1 presume he would not have it un-
derstood that the witness would not be believed,
as far as his statement went. I do not say it is
deliberate; it may be inadvertence; but I will say
that this perseverance in an assault upon South
Carolina without any occasion for it, and when
there is no foundation for it in fact, shows a pre-
sumption somewhat mortifying—not mortifying—
I recall the word—but vexatious and annoying to
me. It is astonishing that a public man should
have to make capital by misrepresenting her peo-
ple and institutions. Has it cometo this, that she
is to receive lessons of instruction, and her insti-
tutions are to be dissected, reviewed, and con-
demned, and held up to the scorn and condemna-
tion of the other States of the Union, because gen-
tlemen may find it convenient to avail themselves
of popular prejudice against a State that I solemnly
say would go back to the primitive simplicity of
i this Government, and would as soon adhere to the
strict construction of the Constitution as any other
1 in it. It is my deliberate opinion that if every
: State would go for the same strict accountability,
i this Confederation might live for many years.
But if gentlemen suppose it is more easy to fall in
with the vulgar temptations of the times, they will
find that the Constitution will crumble, and they
Eire not the persons to stand up and save it. But
this may be beyond the point.
I do say, I did say on this floor before, what
has been said to-day by my colleague with regard
to voting in South Carolina. I do not intend to
recapitulate. Any man may be a candidate in
South Carolina for a seat in the House of Repre-
sentatives of the State by having ten slaves and a
certain quantity of land. I suppose no man ought
, to be a member of such a body in any other coun-
try, who could not have that. So far as regards the
Executive of the State, he has less power than the
Executive of any other State. He has no veto
power. The gentleman has complained that the
constitution ofSouth Carolina can be altered by the
Legislature very easily. Now, the general com-
plaint in South Carolina is, that there has been too
mueh difficulty in revising the constitution. We
have had but one convention to revise the consti-
tution. We have had but one alteration, and that
alteration has been to concede this right of general
suffrage, or universal suffrage, if you choose to
call it so.
As regards the contest between General Hamil-
ton and the honorable Senator, they may play as
long as they please; but when they do so, gentle-
men must not make their statements vehicles to
carry weapons to assault the State which I in part
represent.
Mr. HOUSTON. I was very reluctantly and
unexpectedly compelled to engage this morning in
any remarks. I thought by this time I should
have been on my way home. I came here this
morning not expecting to make any remarks, not
intending to make any, and not expecting an as-
sault from any quarter. I would be very sorry to
avail myself of any popular prejudice that might
exist against South Carolina. If any does exist,
I deplore it as sincerely as any man on earth can
do. I am sure the gentleman from South Carolina
cannot deplore it with more feeling than I do.
The insinuation, though it was rather indirect,
that 1 would avail myself of any prejudice to at-
tack South Carolina, is as gratuitous on the part
of the gentleman as it is undesirable to me. I can
assure him that if it were possible, I would be
glad to see all objections to South Carolina, and
all complaints ana prejudices which he may sup-
pose to exist among other States, obviated, never
to exiat again. If lie thinks that, under any air-
