41 6
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 11,
Proceedings of the called Session.
Senate.
cumstances, or from any earthly considerations, I ' I
am capable of enlisting a prejudice, or arraying j
one part of this Union against another, he does as J
much injustice to me as he does to his own per- 1
ception. I have before me a clause of the South
Carolina constitution that seems to bear me out,
according to the reading I give it; and for the edi-
fication of the Senate, and for the information of
the gentleman, I will read it, as it is published in
the first volume of the statutes of South Carolina.
It says in the amendmeht ratified December 19,
1810, that the fourth section of the first article of
the constitution of the State be altered and amend-
ed to read as follows:
Every free white man of the age of twenty-one years,
(paupers and non-commissioned officers and privates of the
Army of the United States excepted,) being a citizen of tins
State, and having resided therein two years previous to the
day of election, and who has a freehold of fifty acres of
land, or a town lot, of which he has been legally seized and
possessed at least six months before such election, or, not
having any such freehold or town lot, hath been resident in
the election district in which he offers to give his vote be-
fore the election six months, shall have a right to vote for a ,
member or members to serve in either branch of the Legis-
lature, for the election district in which he held such prop-
erty or residence."
"Or residence" had escaped my attention, and
hence the error originated. That is all the mighty ,!
thing that has produced this uproar this morning ,
in the Senate. This is not the place for such a
controversy. I am very sorry that anything I
ever say or do out of the Senate should become a
matter of investigation here. It is to be deplored.
This body is appropriated to higher and more im-
portant duties than rectifying the reputation of
States: that depends on inherent qualities within
themselves. I will bring no complaint against
them for what they may say of Texas. Theymay
call Texans, as they have done, vagabonds, ruf- •
fians, and fugitives from justice, and I will never ]
call the accusation in question in this body. If it
is to be met I will meet it elsewhere, and not con-
vert the Senate into a tribunal to try the character I
of Texas, or any other State. I will assail the
character of no State here, nor of any member of [
any State. I have never done it; nor do I ever i
wish to find it necessary to casta reflection, eith^
in vindication of what may be said here or else-
where, unless it is by an official person and in his |
official capacity.
Mr. HALE. I also wish to say a few words
of personal explanation, as this seems to be the
morning for it. I have not the precise papers here,
but as this is the end of the session, the business
not pressing, and no day fixed for adjournment, 1
wish to say that I have been assailed grossly in a
good many papers, and I want to take this occa-
sion further to say, that so far as anything charg-
ing me with any impropriety here or elsewhere,
now or heretofore, is concerned, there is not a word
of truth in the whole of it. [Laughter.]
reporting the debates.
The PRESIDENT of the Semite laid before the
body a letter addressed to the Secretary by Messrs.
Gales & Seaton, stating that they are under the 1
necessity of terminating the existing engagement
for the daily report and publication of the debates
of the Senate; which was read, and, on motion
by Mr. Badger, referred to the Committee on
Printing.
mileage of california senators.
Mr. COOPER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, who were instructed to inquire and report
whether the act of Congress of the 20th of Sep-
tember, 1850, so far as the same relates to the
mileage of the Senators from California, is perma-
nent or temporary, reported that they had care-
fully considered the provisions of the aforesaid act,
and were of opinion that so much of the same as
provides that the mileage of Senators and Repre-
sentatives from California and the Delegate from
Oregon be computed and paid according to the
most usual traveling route within the limits of the
United States is permanent, and that the mileage
of the Senators from the State of California should
be ascertained and paid in pursuance of this pro-
viso.
resolutions.
Mr. SHIELDS submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Haalmtl, That tile IteertttMif of the Senate be and tie
hereby is authorized to buy two thousand five hundred
copies of the " American Decade,"published by Mr. Fred-
erick Schmidt.
Mr. MASON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretaries of the Treasury and of
War be requested to cause to he examined muster rolls, pay 1
rolls, or other evidence, so as to ascertain, as near as prac-
ticable, the amount of rations issued under each contract 1
respectively made by Robert B. Carter and James Roddy,
tor the supply of rations to the troops, from the first day of
June, 181:2, to the first day of June, 1815, and report the
same to the Senate at its next session.
papers withdrawn.
On motion by Mr. BERRIEN, it was ordered
that George C. Thomas have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers.
On motion by Mr. MANGUM, it was ordered
that William H. Thomas have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers.
presentation of credentials.
Mr. WALKER presented the credentials of the
Hon. Henry Dodge, elected a Senator by the
Legislature of the State of Wisconsin for the term
of six years from and after the 4th day of March,
1851; which were read.
On motion, the Senate proceeded to executive *■
session, and, after some time spent therein, ad-
journed.
tuesday, March 11, 1851.
kossuth and his companions.
The PRESIDENT of the Senate laid before the
body a communication from the President of the
United States, in answer to a resolution of the 8th
instant, transmitting a report from the Secretary
of State, and accompanying documents, contain-
ing the correspondence which has taken place be-
tween the Department of State and the Minister of
the United States at Constantinople, in relation to
the liberation of Kossuth and his companions.
Mr. POOTE, of Mississippi. There is no ab-
solute necessity for the reading of it, but I move
that the document be printed for the use of the
Senate. I suppose it would also be proper to move
the printing of extra copies, and I would suggest,
as I understand it is a very interesting document,
that two thousand extra copies be printed for the
use of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT. The question will be first
on the printing of the document.
Mr. BORLAND. Before the vote is taken upon
that proposition, I deem it my duty to call the at-
tention of the Senate to a fact in connection with
the public printing, that they may understand
something about the mode in which it will have to
be done. It is known to the Senate that the con-
tract of the late contractor for the public printing
expired with the recent Congress. In the present
contract, the printing for this extra session is not
provided for. All, therefore, that may be ordered
at this extra session will have to be done by some
other person, under some other arrangement. The
existing laws on the subject of the public printing
make it the duty of the Committee on Printing,
when they are in session, or on other occasions,
of the Secretary of the Senate, when the public
printer fails to perform the work properly or in
proper time, to put it out by contract to some other
printer, and any excess of price over the contract
is to be paid for by the contractor. The contract
having expired and the printing which has been or
may be ordered at this session not being provided
for, it seems necessary that some arrangement
should be made, unless a construction be given to
the existing laws to enable the Secretary to put the
work out at contract just as if the contractor had
failed. I deem it proper to call the attention of the
Senate to these facts. I would suggest that the
motion be so modified as to direct the Secretary of
the Senate to procure the printing of the docu-
ment.
Mr. POOTE, of Mississippi. I am perfectly
willing to take any form. I am not technical.
Mr. ATCHISON. I have a word to say in re-
lation to the printing of this document. Of what
avail will it be to the Senate to order this work to
be printed, when we are just about to adjourn and
perhaps shall adjourn to-morrow. It cannot be
printed before we adjourn.
Mr. foote, of Mississippi. I did not insist
upon the reading of the document simply because
I knew we had not time to listen to it. Believing
that it would be better to have it published than
read here, and believing that to have it read now
would cause an unnecessary expenditure of time,
I did not urge the reading. But I shall be com-
pelled to ask for the reading of the document un-
less it is allowed to be printed. I certainly would
not have called for this document if I had not as-
certained that it was of great value. It is a cor-
respondence between our Government and our
Minister at Constantinople in reference to the lib-
eration of Kossuth and his companions in captiv-
ity, and I am well satisfied that the correspondence
itself is of a nature well calculated to interest every
man of feeling, every lover of freedom, and every
enemy to oppression in the whole world, especially
in the United States. Pacts are there stated,
views are there presented, and arguments are there
employed, the exhibition of which to the Ameri-
can public will tend, in my opinion, to enliven
those patriotic sentiments which now exist among
our countrymen, and give additional strength to
the cause of freedom in all countries, and awaken
that sentiment of compassion for Kossuth and his
companions, to which, in my opinion, they are
entitled at the hands of the civilized world. I be-
lieve the correspondence to be one which involves
the honor of our country, and which will tend
greatly to add to the dignity of our institutions.
Mr. ATCHISON. I withdraw all objections.
The PRESIDENT. The Secretary of the Sen-
ate must be directed to contract for the printing,
or n cannot be done.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I offered the other day
to make some reports in relation to what the past
Congress, through its committees, had done. It
was ruled to be out of order. I rise now to say
that, while we cannot receive those reports from
committees, we have a spectacle before us that
shows we can receive reports from the executive
departments, not in regard to domestic concerns,
but in relation to affairs all over the world. In this
executive session we can receive a document which
is not connected with any executive business we
have on hand; and if it has any relation to the affairs
of the country, it concerns future legislation, and
future appropriations to bring foreign insurgents,
that are dignified with the name of patriots, to this
country in public armed vessels. And we are told
by gentlemen that all this is done to stir up our
patriotic sentiments, as if Americans need things
of that sort to enliven them, or to give them prin-
ciples favorable to human liberty. Sir, when I
see the course that we are taking about matters of
this sort, I sometimes have sentiments I dare not
express.
I simply rose to pointout thedifference between
the course taken on this occasion and the course
taken on the occasion to which I have referred. I
think we had a right to take the course I suggest-
ed, because, according to my view, this body never
dies.
Mr. HALE. Members die.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The members die. I
think that the report of a committee appointed at
any time by this body, may be made at any other
time while it is in session. I know I differ with
the Chair in that respect, but I will not go into the
argument. I will not consume time. My object
is accomplished in calling the attention of the Sen-
ate to it.
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi. The gentleman
has a most laudable object in view, and he has
certainly adopted a very easy means of obtaining
it. The smile of exultation which marked the gen-
tleman's countenance when sitting down 
Mr. ATCHISON. If my friend will give
way 
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi. 1 shall not give
way. I trust I may be allowed to reply to the
remarks of my friend from Kentucky. I was just
going to say that the smile of exultation 
Air. HALE. I rise to a question of order. I
understood that the Senator from Missouri with-
drew his objections to the printing for the purpose
of stopping debate.
Mr. ATCHISON. Exactly.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Mis-
sissippi will proceed.
Mr. FOOTE. The superabundant wit of the
Senator from New Hampshire has overflowed it-
self agfcin, as it has done a thousand times, to the
