1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
417
Proceedings of the called Session,
delight of those who witness his exhibitions, but
never so much to the delight of any one as to him-
self.
I was proceeding to say that the honorable Sen-
ator from Kentucky, certainly, on taking his seat,
exhibited a graceful, modest exultation that I have
seldom witnessed in this Chamber, even from him.
He seems to conceive that he has obtained some
very important object indeed. He seems to con-
oeive that he has satisfied the Senate and the coun-
try that all the proceedings in which we have been
engaged for some time past, were entirely unsea-
sonable, improper, and unauthorized, and that cer-
tain views which he stated some few years ago,
and which would not be tolerated in this Chamber,
were very wise views, although we did not happen
to think so at the time.
The Senator says I have stated that this docu-
ment will be well calculated to " stir" up patriotic
feelings. I did not use the word " stir." How-
ever, it certainly has had a stirring effect. It has
stirred up the gentleman, and prompted him to
make one of the best speeches he ever made in
this Chamber. I simply stated, when called upon,
what good effect would be likely to arise from the
publication of this document; that it was calcula-
ted, to some extent, I thought, to freshen patriotic
sentiments existing in the bosoms of our country-
men. That is all I said. It was a mild and mod-
erate term. Does the gentleman deny it? Does
he undertake to deny that the correspondence car-
ried on between the present high-minded patriot
who occupies the Department of State and the
Turkish Government, on the interesting subject
alluded to in these letters, is calculated to revive
in the bosoms of our countrymen those sentiments
of patriotism which I trust will never die? Does
he undertake to suggest any suspicion on his part
that I at all err in this supposition? If he does,
he does cruel injustice to those now in power by
his choice and cooperation with others, and not by
my own. It seems to me to be a hard task thrown
upon one in my position, to be compelled to de-
fend against cruel innuendoes gentlemen seated in
places of authority, and placed there by others,
and not by me. Such is the state to which I have
been reduced several times in this Chamber. Some
time ago, during the session of Congress, before
k the two Houses adjourned, I brought this subject
to the consideration of the Senate, having ascer-
tained, in my official position, the existence of this
correspondence, and believing that every patriot in
the United States, and every lover of liberty in the
world, would be delighted to read a correspondence,
equal in brilliancy, equal in power, and equal in the
fervid exhibition of true patriotic sentiments, even
to the letter of the same Secretary of State to the
Austrian Minister, which we have all heard with
so much delight and admiration. Every patriotic
man in the United States, I say, would read this
whole correspondence with peculiar satisfaction.
Such a correspondence at this time, published here
and circulated throughout the world, would tend,
to some extent, to uphold the institutions of free-
dom in all countries,and to awaken, to " stir "up
(if the gentleman chooses to employ that term)
feelings of patriotism, feelings that may lead to
the generation of similar institutions in other coun-
tries beyond the rolling ocean. That is my opin-
ion of the document. That is the opinion to
which I arrived from some little familiarity with
it, and I was exceedingly anxious and deemed it
my duty to bring it before the country for the pur-
pose of attaining the great objects to which I nave 1
alluded. Being compelled, then, to come forward
and urge that the expenditure of a few dollars for
the publication of such a document as this is prop-
er and right in itself, and being compelled to urge
such views as these in opposition to leading Whig
Senators, I confess it is most mortifying to me. I
am sure that the present Administration, worthy
as it may be of public confidence, seems to be very
poorly backed in this body by some of those who \
should be its supporters. i
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I go for the printing. I
Mr. BORLAND. I would suggest an amend-
ment, which will cover whatever other printing
there may be. I would suggest that the following
be added:
And all other printing which has been or may be ordered
at this session of the Senate.
•Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi. I accept that.
New Series—No. 27.
Mr. ATCHISON. I move to lay the whole
subject on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The resolution, as modified, reads as follows:
j That the message and accompanying documents be print-
ed, and that the Secretary of the Senate contract for the
same, and all other printing which has been or may be or-
dered at this session of the Senate.
The resolution was adopted.
ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. RHETT submitted the following resolution
for consideration:
Resolved, That the Senate will adjonra sine die at twelve
o'clock to-morrow; and that a committee be appointed by
the Chair to wait on the President of the United States and
inform him of this determination on the part of the Senate,
and to know from him whether he has any further commu-
nications to make to the Senate.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion by Mr. BELL, it was
Ordered, That Clemens, Bryan & Co. have leave to with-
draw thetr petition and papers.
On motion by Mr. BERRIEN, it was
Ordered, That Lewis Ralston have leave to withdraw his
petition and papers.
REPORTING FOR THE SENATE.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the letter of Messrs.
Gales & Seaton of the 10th instant, in relation to
the contract for reporting the debates and proceed-
ings of the Senate, asking to be discharged from
the further consideration of the same; which was
agreed to.
PROFESSOR ESPY'S REPORT.
Mr. MANGUM. I hope the Senate will in-
dulge me in taking up a resolution that I laid upon
the table several days ago. It will not occupy
two minutes. I presume there will be no objec-
tion to adopting it.-
The motion was agreed to—ayes 18, noes 15—
on a division. The resolution is as follows:
Resolved, That two thousand of the extra numbers of
Professor Espy's report on meteorology, ordered to be
printed by the Senate, be placed at the disposal of Professor
Espy, to enable him to supply his meteorological correspond-
ents each with a copy.
Mr. MANGUM. It will be remembered that
an order was made first to print the report of Pro-
fessor Espy. The question on the increase of the
number was referred to the Committee on Print-
ing, and the Senate, during last session, ordered
three thousand copies to be printed. The object
of this resolution is to turn over to his care two
thousand of that number. They will be handed
over to the Smithsonian Institution at once, as I
am informed by the professor at that institution.
The object is to distribute this information among
scientific and learned men, and they will do it
much more effectually than Senators. There will
be still a thousand copies left for the use of the
Senate.
Mr. HALE. I am one of those who have uni-
formly opposed the printing of these reports. If
there is any apology for printing them at all, it is
that they are wanted for the use of the Senate or
the public. I do not know what authority or
what right the Senate have to print two thousand
books for Professor Espy, more than for any
other individual. When they were ordered to be
printed, the presumption was that the Senate want-
ed them, and that it was necessary for the use of
the Senate to print them. If we do not want them,
we were doing what we ought not to have done.
The order was that a large number should be
printed. Here is a proposition to give two thou-
sand to a private individual. It seems to me that
it is a great departure from what the Senate have
heretofore done, to go so far as to give two thirds
of the number of copieB of a public document or-
dered to be printed to a private individual. The
only excuse for ordering three thousand was that
they were wanted, and here we are asked to give
two thirds of the whole number to a solitary indi-
vidual. It is true we sometimes give as high as
five hundred copies of the report of the Commis-
sioner of Patents to that commissioner, for the
purpose of enabling him to distribute them as he
may think proper. But I believe this is a new
step, and it seems to me a very wrong one, to take
two thirds of the whole to give to an individual.
I was against the printing of this report in the 1
first place. I do not think this is all moonshine,
for the report treats of the storms which come be-
tween the moonshine and us, but I believe it is
vastly less valuable. I may be mistaken in my
opinion about it. I am told that scientific men,
very scientific men, come to a different conclusion.
There may be something in it, but I am utterly
opposed to this proposition.
Mr. BERRIEN. Upon the question of print-
ing, the Senate have already decided by a resolu-
tion to print a number of copies. They have de-
cided, therefore, upon the importanceof the paper.
The printing was ordered for the purpose of dis-
tribution. The question which is presented by
the resolution of the Senator from North Carolina
is merely whether the purpose of the Senate, in
directing the publication, will not be most effi-
ciently answered by placing a certain number of
those copies at the disposal of Professor Espy and
the Smithsonian Institution, in order that they
may select the individuals to whom they may be
directed, these individuals being the correspond-
ents of Professor Espy and the institution, and
taking therefore an interest in the subject. I think
there can be no doubt that they will make a more
intelligent distribution than the members of the
Senate. They have directed their attention to the
subject. They are in correspondence with indi-
viduals, and receive communications from them in
relation to this subject, and therefore they are the
individuals to whom the distribution of those pa-
pers can be most beneficially confided.
Mr. ATCHISON. There is one point sug-
gested to my mind by the Senator from Georgia.
The resolution which was passed at a former ses-
sion ordered three thousand copies to be printed
for the use of the Senate for distribution. Now,
I submit to that Senator whether the Senate can
now deprive the members of the Senate of their
vested right in these books? They were printed
for their use, and for their distribution among
their constituents, or to whomsoever they please
to distribute them. But it is proposed to divert
two thousand of our books, two thirds of my
share, for the use of Professor Espy. You might
as well select any other gentleman in the United
States and donate to him two thousand books.
These may or may not be for distribution among
scientific men. I suppose that they were given to
Senators in the first place for distribution among
such individuals as they thought proper to select.
I do not doubt that Professor Espy would distribute
j these books with greater discretion than members
of this Senate; for I send mine to the first name I
think of, who, perhaps, being mostly farmers,
care nothing about thunder and storms, except so
far as they affect their crops.
Upon the subject of printing I think the former
resolution was wrong. It would seem that we
printed a document which we ought not to have
printed, and disposed of it in a manner in which we
ought not to have disposed of it. Now, I am per-
fectly willing to give Professor Espy an order for
all the copies that are coming to me. Let the Sen-
ator from Georgia do the same thing, and let this
thing take the ordinary course.
Mr. BERRIEN. This is a very grave question
which the Senator from Missouri proposes, and
I feel the full value of the compliment in having it
referred to my legal judgment. The resolution of
the Senate was for the printing of three thousand
extra copies for the use of the Senate as a body,
and not of the individual members of the Senate.
The Senate have a right to use the copies, when so
published, as in their discretion the majority may
deem proper. And I beg to say to the honorable
Senator from Missouri, or to recall his recollection
to a legal principle with which he is perfectly fa-
miliar, that he with whom a legal right is vested
has a right to relinquish it. If the legal right here
be vested with the Senate, it is in the power of the
majority to make the distribution.
As to the practical part of the argument, the
Senator concedes that which I have stated, that a
much more efficient distribution and much more
appropriate use of those documents could be made
by committing them to the care of Professor Espy,
since the Senator from Missouri does, as I pre-
sume most of us do, transmit them to the first per-
sons whose names occur, or whose names we have
on a list for distribution. Professor Espy, from a
regard which he has very much at heart for the
