1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
419
Proceedings of the called Session.
Senate.
one. It is simply this: I do not want it to go out
to the country, by implication, that because we
are not here more than three hours out of the
twenty-four, that we are not doing anything. For
myself, I can say that I am at work all the time.
I think that is the case with all; and how can it
be otherwise at the close of such a session as this?
I feel that the whole of our time is occupied, al-
though our time of meeting is so small a portion
of it. I do not know what other gentlemen intend
to do, but I presume to say that I shall stay until
the Senate adjourn. 1 have no wish to continue
here. I should prefer to adjourn, but in the pres-
ent state of the business, I think we cannot.
While we do remain I am willing to do as much
as any gentleman.
Mr. CHASE. I have barely to say, in answer
to the Senator from North Carolina, that I have
no disposition to leave the Senate without a quorum,
nor do I suppose any other Senator has. But do
we not know, in looking over this Chamber, that
the Senate is already reduced to hardly more than
a bare quorum? A great portion, nearly one half
of this Senate, have left already, because their
private concerns imperiously require their attend-
ance. Several Senaters who were here yesterday
are no longer in their seats; and I simply stated,
what I know from conversation, that there are
Senators here who are staying at quite as great
personal inconvenience as any of those who have
left hitherto. I stated it because I desired to ap-
peal to the Senate not to take up business which
can be properly done at another session, but to
proceed at once to the consideration of that busi-
ness for which we have been convened on this
occasion, which, I agree with the honorable Sena-
tor from South Carolina in saying-, if we remain
here we can do.
Mr. POOTE, of Mississippi. I do not agree
with the honorable Senator from Ohio that this
matter can be attended to as well at the next ses-
sion as now. If I had thought so, I would not
have moved to take it up; nor would the honora-
ble Senator from Arkansas, who understands this
matter perhaps as well as the whole Senate besides,
have joined with me in that motion, if he had not
entertained the view that it is necessary to act
upon it now. But it is a matter of pressing neces-
sity and present propriety. Nor do I think we
can address ourselves with more judiciousness to
any duty that now lies before us.
Now, sir, in relation to the suggestion about
idling our time away, and that we do not sit here
as long as we ought to do. It so happens that I
have been sick every day of this session, yet I
have been here, and voted against every motion to
adjourn, and shall continue to do so. But I wish
gentlemen to understand that business has been
constantly accumulating on us. Only yesterday
our attention was called by the Executive to very
important matters indeed—nominations for foreign
missions reported, but not acted upon, some of
which may give rise to discussion, besides nomi-
nations which have been before us for some time,
that we know will be the subject of controversy to !
some extent; how long they will occupy I cannot
tell. I
Although lam indisposed, and feel very incapable I
of being here at all, and exceedingly anxious, if I
were in health, to go elsewhere, I feel bound to I
remain here in the performance of my duty as long 1
as that duty may seem to me to require the atten- I
tion of the Senate. Honorable gentlemen who
have left their places here, have thought proper to
abandon the performance of the duty. I do not t
think that affords any excuse whatever for our i
going away. The President has deemed it neces- '■
sary to call us together for important public pur- !
poses. These purposes are not yet accomplished,
and I do think we are bound to remain together
as long as he may deem the public exigency re-
quires it.
Mr. BORLAND. I would state to the Senate,
as one reason for taking up this resolution now,
that it is necessary, in order to have the document
printed for the use of the Senate, that the order
should be made. There is no arrangement made
by which it can be done for the Senate. Thet e is
no contractor, as I hare said, who will be bound
to do the work without an order from the Senate. ,
The Secretary will have no right to have it done [
without such order. I hope the resolution will be I
taken up, and then I will propose a modification,
which will answer every purpose, in different
terms from the present resolution.
Mr. ATCHISON asked for the yeas and nays
on taking up the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being
taken, resulted as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Berrien, Borland, Cass,
Cooper, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas,
Foote of Mississippi, Foot of Vermont, Gwin, Hale, Mor-
ton, Pearce, Rusk, Sebastian, Shields, Upliam, Walker,
and Whitcomb—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Butler, Chase, Davis of Mas-
sachusetts, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson, Fetch, King,
Mangum, Mason, Rhett, Seward, Smith, Soul6, and Under-
wood—15.
So the resolution was taken up for considera-
tion, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate purchase for
the use of the Senate thousand copies of the first part,
and thousand copies of the second part of the Report
of the Commissioner of the Patent Office for 1850, from the
printer who shall print the same documents under the order
of the last session of the House of Representatives, at a
price not exceeding the rate at which said documents shall
be paid for under said order of the House.
Mr. POOTE, of Mississippi. 1 shall not oc-
cupy any time in relation to this matter. In con-
sequence of the adoption of another resolution
this morning, a part of the resolution originally
offered has become unnecessary. I therefore move
to amend it by striking out all after the word " re-
solved," and inserting:
" That fifteen thousand copies of the first part, and thirty
thousand of the second part of the Patent Office Report for
the year 1850 be printed for the use of the Senate."
Mr. BORLAND. I have simply to remark, in
support of the amendment, that it is precisely the
proposition which was reported from the Commit-
tee on Printing at the last Congress, and adopted
in regard to the printing of the Patent Office Report
of1849. The Committee on Printing made a precise-
ly similar report in relation to the PatentOffice Re-
port of 1850; but, owing to the pressure of business,
they were unable to make it during the recent ses-
sion. A resolution was adopted a little whileago,
authorizing the Secretary of the Senate to contract
for the printing that may be ordered at this session.
This amendment will put it in his power to pro-
cure the printing of these reports. I would sug-
gest to the Senate, by way of explanation, that
fifteen thousand copies of each part, so far as they
go together, will be bound in one volume; and
where the second part exceeds in number the first,
it will be bound in a separate volume.
Mr. ATCHISON. I desire to have some fur-
ther information on this matter. What will be the
cost of printing this document? How many pages
will it be? Has the Senator from Arkansas read
it? Does he know its value? Can he vouch for
its value? Or does he take it upon trust?
Mr. BORLAND. The Senator from Missouri
has asked me a great many questions in a narrow
compass, but I can answer them, I think, satisfac-
torily. I have not read the document. I do not
suppose that the Senate contemplated, in appoint-
ing the Committee on Printing, that they were to
read all the documents that might be referred to
them. I believe that is not considered part of the
duty of that committee. We do know that the
matter contained in the Patent Office Report is
considered very valuable to the Senate and the
country. It has been customary, therefore, for
both Houses of Congress to order the printing of
considerable numbers of it. Acting in conformity
with that custom, the Committee on Printing has
made this report in favor of this number. As to
the precise cost of the volume, of course it is im-
possible for me to speak until it is printed, and we
know its precise dimensions. I can say, in gen-
eral terms, however, that, in my opinion, the cost
of the work will not exceed forty cents per vol-
ume. I do not think it can exceed that.
Mr. ATCHISON. That will make between
$30,000 and $40,000. The Senator from Arkansas
says he knows nothing of this document; that he
has not read it; that it is not the business of the
Committee on Printing to read these documents.
Then why refer them to the Committee on Print-
ing? If the rule be as the Senator says, we may
print documents that are of no earthly value
whatever, or which may be of detriment to the
public. Now, $30,000 is no small sum to pay for
a document of which we know nothing. The
Senator admits that he is groping in the dark, and
that the Senate must be groping in the dark. We
are called upon to vote away, without understand-
ing what we are doing, the sum of $30,000 or
$40,000. I move to lay the whole subject on the
table.
Mr. BORLAND. Will the Senator withdraw
that motion ?
Mr. ATCHISON. Certainly.
Mr. BORLAND. The Senator has dwelt with
some earnestness on the fact that the Committee
on Printing have not read this document. Now,
I deem it proper to say that the Senate never con-
templated that we should read the documents sub-
mitted to us. That is evident from the fact that
the Committee on Printing are required under the
rule by which they act to report back upon a mo-
tion to print a document the very next day after
it is referred to them. If they were to sit down
and do nothing else from the time the document
was referred, it would be impossible to read it so
as to be able to report the next day. This shows
that it was never contemplated that the Committee
on Printing should read all the documents referred
to them.
Mr. SMITH. If I understand the proposition
now before the Senate, it is to instruct the Secre-
tary of the Senate to procure this very large num-
ber of this document to be printed at the expense
of our contingent fund. I wish to inquire of my
honorable friend, the chairman of the Committee
on Printing, what is the number proposed to be
printed ?
Mr. BORLAND. Fifteen thousand copies of
the first part and thirty thousand copies of the
second part of the Patent Office report—the same
number that was printed last year.
Mr. SMITH. Forty-five thousand documents,
then, are to be printed without any limitation what-
ever as to the expense; the contract is not even to
be regulated by the rules of the resolution of 1819.
The printing is not to be done in conformity with
any contract that we have made with any of the
public printers, either the printers of the last Con-
gress or the printers of the present Congress. It
is to clothe the Secretary of the Senate with the
power of making any contract he may see fit to
make on this subject, constituting, I venture to say,
an enormous job for somebody, I do not know
whom. It is not to be given to the lowest bidder.
There is no provision that the Secretary shall ad-
vertise, though I venture to say that the worthy
Secretary will endeavor to exercise this power in
a suitable and proper manner. But I am unwilling
to confer this authority on the Secretary or on
anybody else whatever. I do not believe that it is
proper for the Senate at the present session to enter
upon the business of printing public documents to
this enormous amount. I am willing to order all
the incidental printing which may be required at
this session of the Senate, but it is not very im-
portant whether these documents be printed now
or at a future session of Congress, or whether it
is done at all. The Patent Office documents that
we ordered at the first session of the late Congress
we have not received up to the present day, except
a very limited number. I believe I have received
about a dozen copies, and they are coming in now
at this late day. I do not care one straw whether
these are printed or not. I am opposed, utterly
opposed, to entering upon the business of printing
by the wholesale, and clothing the Secretary of
the Senate with power to make a contract with
somebody or other, we know not whom, on terms
we know not what. I am utterly opposed to it.
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi. I do think I have
a right to congratulate the country on the prospect
before us of a general reformation in the political
morals of the land. The honorable Senator who
has just exploded a speech upon our hearing
seems to have become now, whatever may have
been his former example—and of that I have little
to say—a decided champion of some reform in re-
gard to this whole business of expending money
in letting out jobs. From this time forward, I
trust he will follow his new vocation with great
activity and zeal, and I doubt not that the effect of
his action will be most wholesome upon the gen-
eral morals of the country. We understand the
honorable Senator to-day to be utterly opposed to
this business of letting out jobs; and he made,
certainly, a most vehement and efficient speech in
