1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
421
Proceedings of the called Session.
Senate.
listen to him, perhaps not more than from five to
ten—in support of what is called the French spo-
liation bill. Then the honorable Senator did not
care a cent about the public money; then he was
willing to throw it away, not only by the handful,
but by the wagonful. Then it was that he was
the munificent champion of public justice; then it
was that he uttered those noble and liberal senti-
ments, which I hope hereafier will be recollected
to his honor, with regard to the importance of
expending the public money, even when the nation
was in debt, for the attainment of objects which
to him were very dear, but which to others were
very disgustful. Then the honorable Senator did
not seem to care so much about saving the public
money. But the honorable Senator confesses that
upon former occasions, when this subject of print-
ing was up, he was as liberal as others; yea, he
might have said much more liberal, for he has
never been known to present the least opposition
to any proposition of this sort whatever. But now
the honorable Senator has seen new lights; the
scales have fallen from his eyes, and he deems it
expedient to come out at this late period, when
the national Treasury is almost exhausted, and
when the public indignation is falling upon some
men for daring to propose such lavish expenditure
of the public money for the attainment of objects
in which the public felt very little concern—now
it is that he has waked up his faculties to assume
new vigor; his heart burns with a new zeal in
behalf of the public interests, and he announces
himself here in most grandiloquent phraseology,
and with something of the loftiness of a Jupiter
Tonans, the champion of frugality and of reform
in the expenditure of the public money. In other
words, he wishes to starve the public official em-
ployees of the Government in matters of printing.
Oh, but says the Senator, I am perfectly willing
to print this book; I do not wish to be understood
as undervaluing the production at all, but I think
it is not necessary to print such a large quantity
of it; I am perfectly willing to publish it for the
use of Senators, but not willing to publish it for
the use of my constituents. The frugality of the
honorable Senator is such as to allow him to ex-
pend the public money for his own edification, but
such as to induce him at the same time so to vote
as to starve the popular mind of the country, and
to cut off the people from the possession of the
useful knowledge contained in this volume—to cut
off his constituents and mine from the possession
of information that may be valuable in a practical
point of view; so that by doingso, he may be able
to have himself talked of all over the country, and
commended as a vigilant sentinel, who stands be-
fore the public treasure of the country with a
drawn sword in his hand for the purpose of keep-
ing off all intruders.
These inconsistencies in the course of the hon-
orable Senator he cannot reconcile. The country
will understand it. Some of us have opposed larger
expenditures; some of us have undertaken to op-
pose expenditures which we believed could not be i
made except in violation of principle; except by
contaminating the public morals, and pulling down
our free institutions; some of us have stood here
ready and prepared at all times to battle with the
agents of jobs, and schemes and claims of various
sorts, that have been from time to time brought to
our notice, while the honorable Senator from Con-
necticut has been willing to expend hour after hour,
and day after day, in the furtherance of such
claims. "ITie sort of frugality now displayed by
the honorable Senator does not command my ad-
miration or sympathy in the least degree. The
honorable Senator seems to think that the limits
tion in my amendment amounts to no limitation at
all, and he says that he has been informed that
this reduction of fifty per cent, on the prices of
1819 will enable the printer, whoever he may be,
who may execute the work, to make himself rich
at the expense of the Government. I take issue
with him upon this point. I have examined the
matter; I have had recourse to able teachers upon
this subject; and I undertake to say that gentle-
men of more experience in this business of print-
ing than many in this city, entertain an entirely
different opinion.
I stated the other day, and I was prepared to
call up a witness to corroborate the statement, the
opinion of those who conduct the National Intel-
ligencer with regard to this fifty per cent, proposi-
tion. I now call upon the honorable Senator from
New Hampshire to state in his place what he
heard the venerable editor of the National Intelli-
gencer say with regard to the profits of a contract
based upon this very proposition. The statement
which I think the honorable Senator from New
Hampshire can make will at once explode the
position of the honorable Senator from Con-
necticut, although 1 think those arguments have
been exploded oy the few practical hints I have
thought proper to make on the present occasion.
I call on the nonorable Senator from New Hamp-
shire to state, and I hope he will be allowed at
once to state, what he heard on the last day of the
session of Congress from the lips of the venerable
editor of the National Intelligencer, with regard to
the probable profits of such a contract as this.
Mr. HALE. As I have been called upon by
the honorable Senator from Mississippi, I will
make the statement which he desires. When the
resolution was pending in behalf of Mr. Ritchie
on the last day of the session, he came into the
Senate chamber, and I went up to him and asked
him to tell me candidly what profit this would give
him. Mr. Ritchie said, " I will not answer you
myself, but I will take you to a gentleman who
will give you an answer—to Mr. Seaton, who is
here." So we went and stated the case to Mr.
Seaton, who said, " I pledge you that I would not
take the printing of the next Congress at that price,
and ten per cent, added to it."
Mr. ATCHISON. I now move to lay the reso-
lution on the table.
Mr. HALE. I ask the yeas and nays on the
motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being
taken, resulted—
TEAS—Hem. Atchison, Bell, Butler, Chase, Davis of
Massachusetts, Davia of HjMiasippi, Dawson, Miller,
Pearce, Khett, Seward, Smith, Soule, Underwood, Uptaam,
Walker, and Whitcomb—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Bayard, Berrien, Borland,
Cass, Cooper, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Doug-
las, Felch, Foote of Mississippi, Foot of Vermont, Gwin,
Hale, Mangum,Morton, Rusk, Sebastian, and Shields—19.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CHASE. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out, "Provided, That the cost of
printing shall not exceed one half the rates of
the joint resolution of 1819, on the subject of the
pubUc printing;" and inserting, " Provided, That
the cost of printing shall not exceed the rates
stipulated in the contract for the printing of the
Thirty-second Congress."
Mr. President, I regret exceedingly that this
subject has been brought before the Senate at this
time. It will be remembered by every Senator
who was present at the special session of 1849,
that an order was made, upon the motion of the
Senator from Mississippi, to print the decisions of
the Supreme Court of the United States in the
alien passenger cases. It will be remembered also
to what that led. A pamphlet was ordered to be
printed to the number of ten thousand copies,
without prescribing the rate at which the work
should be executed. I suppose no Senator be-
lieves that that work, at ordinary prices and un-
der ordinary circumstances, was with more than
$1,000. And yet, before the next session of
Congress, before the Senate had again assembled,
that work had been paid for at the rate of $12,000
for those pamphlets.
I am extremely averse to ordering any printing
at all at this session, because I think there is great
force in what has been said by the honorable Sen-
ator from Connecticut, a member of the Commit-
tee on Printing, that there is no absolute necessity
for printing this document at this time, and that
the effect of it will be to create a job for the benefit
of somebody, who we know not. I oppose the
whole policy; but, if we are to go into it, I desire
that the rates shall be so limited that no exorbi-
tant price will be paid.
I have heard what has fallen from the Senator
from New Hampshire in regard to the effect of a
stipulation that the rates shall not exceed one half
the prices of 1819; but I know that all the mem-
bers of the Committee on Printing agree in the
opinion that giving these prices will give enormous
profits to the printer, whoever he may be, that
does it. I believe that calculations have been made
showing the extent of these profits. I do not |
know precisely what they are; but we do know
this fact, that a responsible man has undertaken
to do the printing for this Congress at certain
rates, which are much below one half the prices
of 1819. If we are to give out this work to be
paid for out of the contingent fund, I desire that
the prices shall not exceed those for which we are
to have the entire work of the Thirty-second Con-
gress done.
I do not understand how it happens that this
! particular printing is to be paid for at a different
rate from the contract for the Thirty-first Congress
and the contract for the Thirty-second Congress.
We are now a component part of the Thirty-sec-
ond Congress. A few days ago we were a com-
ponent part of the Thirty-first Congress. There
was a contract for doing the entire printing of the
Thirty-first Congress. By what authority do we
propose, if this be a part of the printing of the
; Thirty-first Congress, to take it out of the opera-
tion of that contract, and authorize the Secretary
j to contract for it at a different rate ? Or, if it be a
I part of the printing of the Thirty-second Congress,
why not let the regular printer for the Thirty-sec-
ond Congress do the work ? At all events, it seems
to me there can be no possible objection to limiting
the prices to be paid, as I have proposed, to the
terms of the contract for the Thirty-second Con-
i gress.
I Mr. BUTLER. I desire to submit a motion
I either to lay this subject on the table or to post-
pone its further consideration. If any matter is
to be left unfinished, it should be this very kind of
business) for I am one of those who believe there
is no great demand from the public for the Patent
Office report. If there is any demand for it, it
will be supplied by those ordered to be printed by
the House of Representatives.
With regard to the first or mechanical part of
this Patent Office report—thirty thousand of which
have already been printed—I do not want it. As
, regards the agricultural part, however desirable it
may be to others, I do not want it except for my
own use. To convert this Senate into a manufac-
|j tory of books unnecessary to public use, and only
i incidentally advantageous to the person who may
' make a contract to publish them, is evidently not
fulfilling the duty the public expect of us. It is
not attending to the duties devolving upon us as a
1 legislative body. I therefore move to lay the whole
j subject on the table.
Mr. BADGER. I ask the yeas and nays oft
the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being
taken, resulted:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Bell, Butler, Chase, Cooper,
Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson,
Mason, Pearce, Khett, Seward, Smith, Soul6, Underwood,
Upham, Walker, and Whitcomb—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Bayard, Berrien, Borland, Cass,
Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Felch,
Foote of Mississippi, Foot of Vermont, Gwin, Hunter,
King, Mangum, Morton, Rusk, Sebastian, and Shields—19.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. BORLAND. I desire to say a word in
justification of myself and the other members of
, the Committee on Printing. From the remarks
made by several Senators, it might be supposed
I that the Committee on Printing, and I as its chair-
j man, had joined in bringing upon the Government
! this heavy expenditure of money for the public
printing. The Committee on Printing have not
done so, and they have had no desire to do so. I
can speak particularly for myself in saying that I
should be very glad to see these expenditures very
materially curtailed. The Committee on Printing
have acted under what seemed to be the sentiment
of this body. When documents have been re-
ferred to them, they have conformed to what ap-
peared to be the evident sense of the Senate m
reporting in favor of printing additional copies,
without undertaking to express any particular
opinion of their own in favor of the proposition.
That I can assume for the whole committee. I
can speak it very confidently of myself.
With regard to this particular document, the
committee Tiave but conformed to the custom of
the Senate, established before I had the honor of
a seat in this body. I am perfectly satisfied that
if the committee had authorized me to make a dif-
ferent report, recommending the printing of a small
number of copies, the number would have been
increased by the Senate, because the Senate, by
