422
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 11,
Proceedings of the called Session.
Senate.
large majorities, ever since I have known anything
of its proceedings, has ordered large numbers of
this work to be printed, on account of the great
demand for it, and the general desire on the part
of Senators to have it for distribution.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not want it.
Mr. BORLAND. Some Senators say they do
not want this document; that they have no use for
it; that there is no demand for it in their part of
the country. I think I can appeal confidently to
a large majority of the members of this body to
say that there is a very great demand from all
parts of the country for it. I think that is the ex-
perience of almost all the members of this body.
I mention this, not as showing an obligation on
the part of the Senate to print these large num-
bers, but to show the estimation which the public
place on the document, and as suggesting, 1 sup-
pose, the considerations which induced Senators to
vote for the printing of such large riumbers. I
have not sought to bring up the question of print-
ing this document at this particular time. 1 desired
to bring it forward at the late session, but I was
unable to do so. It became, therefore, as I thought,
my duty in carrying out the views of the commit-
tee and the wishes of the Senate, to present it at
this extra session. I accordingly introduced the
resolution. When I had learned that the late pub-
lic printer was unable to print the document, I had
the resolution laid on the table. I had no dispo-
sition to call it up, but a desire being generally ex-
pressed that the document should be printed, I
agreed with the Senator from Mississippi [Mr.
FooteJ that he should take charge of it and call it
up, and 1 would vote for the adoption of it, or the
adoption of something similar.
Justice to myself requires that I should say fur-
ther, that with regard to the particular amount to
be paid for this printing, it is fixed by the amend-
ment of the Senator from Mississippi. 1 drew up
that amendment, but I did not commit myself to
vote for it. It became necessary to limit that
amount, and at the suggestion of the Senator from
Mississippi as to what would be the best amount, I
drew up for him a proposition to limit it to one
half the prices of the joint resolution of 1819. I
do not stand committed to vote for that particular
sum. I state this injustice to myself, that I may
not be understood as pledging myself to vote for
that proposition. On the question of the propriety
of printing the document, I deem it proper to say
that if the printing is not ordered now, Senators
will not get it, as there is no provision for print-
ing it.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the Senator allow me to
ask a question? I should be glad to hear his
views on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio.
The PRESIDENT. The question pending is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. BORLAND. I was coming to that as the
last point of consideration, with which to conclude
what I had to say. If the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Ohio be adopted, it amounts, in my
opinion, to a rejection of the whole proposition to
print, because I am perfectly satisfied that the con-
tractor for the Thirty-second Congress cannot
print any of the public work without a clear loss
on his part of from twenty-five to thirty-three and
a third per cent., and perhaps fifty per cent. As I
stated the other day, 1 have authority upon which
I feel authorized to rely for saying, that he has un-
dertaken the bulk of the work at a price below the
actual cost of the white paper on which he will
have to print it. For that reason, if the amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio be adopted, it will
amount to a rejection of the whole proposition.
Mr. BADGER. I agree with the honorable
Senator from Ohio that there is no absolute neces-
sity for the printing of this document at this time,
and I will go further and say, nor at any other
time. If we confine ourselves to printing only
what is absolutely necessary to be printed, our
printing will be confined to the Journals of the
Senate, which we are bound to publish, and the
laws of the United States, which we ought to pub-
lish. But there is no more impropriety in print-
ing this matter now than in printing anything else
at this time. If it is to be printed at all, I shall be
extremely obliged to any gentleman who will tell
me why there is any particular impropriety in
printing it now? If printed at all, the sooner the
better. This is a large job. It will take a long
time to print it, and the sooner therefore we set
about it, if it is to be done at all, the better; be-
cause the sooner it will be in our hands for distri-
bution among our constituen's.
Now, I am totally opposed to the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Ohio. I am op-
posed to it independently of what has been said
by the Senator from Arkansas, that it will amount
to a rejection of the proposition to print. If this
work is printed at all, it ought to be done well. It
is a work intended for preservation; and you, and
other Senators of some experience as to the style
and manner in which documents have been printed
under the last contract, know what the execution
will be if printed under the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Ohio. We shall have it published upon
such miserable paper that at the end of three years
the ink will have destroyed it, and the book will
be illegible. So far from considering it a measure
of economy,! consider it in effect—though not de-
signed by the Senator—as a proposition to take
exactly what we shall pay for the printing in the
style in which it can be procured for the price pro-
posed, and throwing it into the river. We shall
either get no book at all, or a book that will be a
disgrace to us while it exists, and at the end of
two or three years will be illegible. I hope, there-
fore, if the Senate prints it at all, it will make pro-
vision for printing it in a respectable manner; and
I think a reduction of fifty per cent, from the prices
of 1819 is but a reasonable and a fair reduction.
Mr. PEARCE. My vote on this proposition
will be governed by what I conceive to be the law
of Congress touching the public printing. I pre-
sume there can be no doubt that the joint resolu-
tion of 1846, which prescribes the manner in
which the public printing shall be done, and the
manner of ascertaining compensation for that print-
ing, is so imperative that the Senate has no right,
by any action or resolution of its own, to repeal
that act of Congress, which is the law of the land,
and to substitute a rule of its own in place of the
law of the land. In 1846, as the Senate well
know, Congress passed a joint resolution, direct-
ing the manner in which the public printing of the
two Houses of Congress should be done. That
resolution governs this case. It provides that ad-
vertisements shall be issued at a certain time stip-
ulated, before the close of every final session of
Congress, by the Secretary of the Senate and the
Clerk of the House of Representatives. It pro-
vides that the lowest bid shall in all cases be ac-
cepted, and it provides that when a document is
ordered by one House, there shall be certain pro-
ceedings to have that same document obtained for
the other House through the same printer. It pro-
vides for the appointment of a Joint Committee on
Printing, and prescribes authority to them, in case
of any neglect or delay on the part of any con-
tractor, to let out the printing and charge the con-
tractor the difference between the amount for which
it would have been done under his contract and
the amount actually paid for it. That committee
are to pass upon all accounts for printing, and
they are to allow those accounts for printing ac-
cording to the prices stipulated in the contract en-
tered into in pursuance of this act of Congress. I
hold that, under the joint resolution of 1846, nei-
ther House can order printing to be done other-
wise than as provided for in that act. That act
was passed for the express purpose of having pub-
lic printing done by the contractors in another
way. It was intended to separate the public print-
ing from the public press, so far as it could be done
by that act. It was intended, at all events, to con-
fine the execution of the printing ordered by Con-
gress to those persons who had contracted to do
it, and confine the expenditure to the price stipu-
lated in the contract. This is so plain that there
can be no mistake about it. If this is so, what
right has this House, by a resolution of its own,
to repeal in effect an act of Congress ? to say we
will adopt another mode in which the printing
shall be executed, and a different scale of compen-
sation ?
Sir, we have tied our own hands, and we have
no right to violate a law of the land which we as-
sisted to make. This printing ought to be done
by the printer to the present Congress, or the
printer to the last Congress. I think I would go
so far as to vote for an amendment which would
| authorize payment for this printing at the rates of
j the contract of the last printer. It is printing
properly to be done for the last Congress. It is
printing which would have been ordered by the
last Congress, I presume, if time had allowed us
to act upon it. I am not anxious to take it away
from the contractor. I believe the contractor for
the last Congress can make money upon it. I
understand it was admitted he did makemoney on
the printing of the Patent Office report the year
before the last, and as he is to print a hundred
thousand copies of this for the House of Repre-
sentatives, it will cost but very little to print thirty
thousand for us, the cost diminishing as the num-
ber increases. I do not want him to suffer any
loss. He can make money on this—not a very
large sum, perhaps, but it may be 84,000, $5,000,
or $6,000, and it may be more. I am willing to
give him the benefit of it, but I insist that if you
undertake to give to him a scale of compensation
other than that to be paid to the printers of the last
Congress or the present Congress, you violate a
law of the land, and that I am not willing to do.
Mr. BORLAND. I think the Senator from
Maryland is mistaken m supposing that the print-
ing which we may order at this extra session
comes under the head of printing either of the last
Congress or of the present Congress. The con-
tractor of the last Congress made a contract for the
Thirty-first Congress, which terminated on the 3d
of March. It does not require him to go beyond
that. Is this a portion of that Congress ? This
is not Congress at all. Our session now has noth-
ing to do with the action of Congress. There is
i no congressional action here. The Thirty-first
Congress ended on the 3d of March; the Thirty-
[ second Congress commences on the first Monday
of December next. This session of ours is be-
tween the two, and has nothing to do with con-
gressional proceedings. What we transact relates
to Senate proceedings. The printer of the last
: Congress has very promptly, and I think properly,
■ said that he should execute no printing ordered at
| this extra session, because he did not consider
himself obliged to do so under his coutract. I
think he is clearly right in regard to this. I think
the law is decidedly in his favor, and that all print-
ing ordered at this extra session is excluded from
his contract.
i The Senator from Maryland says we have no
, authority to repeal an act of Congress. I agree
with him perfectly in that. But this proposes to
repeal no law nor to modify any law. It is simply
j an order for printing to be done at this extra ses-
sion. If the law be as he states it, that all public
printing shall be done by contract, after notice duly
i given, surely the Secretary will have to comply
I with the law in that respect. This is simply an
! order by the Senate that at this extra session cer-
i tain printing shall be done, and the resolution re-
; | quires that this shall be done by the Secretary of
! the Senate, instead of the Committee on Printing,
II as is usual. The amendment proposed by the
| j Senator from Mississippi is to limit the price for
i which this shall be done. That surely violates no
i law. We have a right, when we order printing,
! to say it shall not cost more than a certain amount;
j and the Secretary, in advertising for proposals to
do it, would have to advertise within that limita-
tion; and if the proposal of the lowest bidder
should exceed that limitation, he would have no
right to accept it. All the proposals would have
to be within that limit to be considered at all. I
1 think, therefore, that the objections of the Senator
' from Maryland do not militate very strongly
; against the resolution as proposed.
(: Mr. PEARCE. I think the distinction of the
Senator from Arkansas is more subtle than sound.
| It is true this House is not Congress; it is only
one branch of Congress. It is true that Congress
ij is not in session; but it is not less true that the
! i printing we propose to have done is printing to be
done for one House of Congress; and the joint
j resolution of 1846 contemplates both Houses of
i Congress and either House of Congress. The
jj words " both Houses of Congress" may be trans-
,; Iated as meaning each House of Congress. And
I can see no reason why printing which may be
ordered by the Senate at a special session, when
the other House is not assembled, is not equally
printing ordered for one of the Houses of Con-
gress as if it were ordered at a regular meeting of
