185 L]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
423
Proceedings of the called Session.
Senate.
Congress when both Houses were in session. I
think, therefore, that this case does come within
the rule which the law intended to provide, that all
the printing done for both Houses of Congress,
and for one House as well as for the other, should
be done under the contract system. I think we
are imperatively bound to have the printing so
done.
Besides, let me refresh the memory of the Sen-
ate for a moment with what was done at an extra
session some two years ago. The Senate then
ordered the printing of a document called " The i
Opinions of the Supreme Court." I do not think
there waa any stipulation as to the price to be
paid for it, or who should print it; but it went, as
a matter of course, to the parties who had con-
tracted for the printing of Congress; and it was
charged for, as was alleged by them, according to
the rates stipulated in the contract. It is true, I
did not think the charge a proper one; I think the
contractors made a great mistake. I think they
interpolated words into that contract which were
not there, and they held the Senate bound by what
they said was the stipulated price in that contract.
They held that the printing of that document did
not come under the class in which I supposed it
would be included, but that it came under a differ-
ent class, which was to be paid for at the rate of
$2 for a hundred copies, and they interpolated the
words " per page" into that contract, and charged
accordingly.
It makes no difference to my argument whether
that was right or wrong. I mention the fact as
showing that at that time it was supposed that the
printing ordered by the Senate at an extra session,
when the House of Representatives was not as-
sembled, was printing to be executed by the con- j
tractors, and to be charged and paid for according
to the prices stipulated in the contract. And there
can be no defence, no pretence of any defence, for
the enormous sum which was paid to the con'
tractor in that case—being about eight or ten times
as much as it could be done for in any office in
the United States—except that it wets according to
the stipulated price in that contract, which they
held the Senate bound to pay. I do not see any
reason whya different construction should be given
now.
Mr. COOPER. I see that the time of the Sen-
ate is to be consumed by this debate. I therefore
move to lay the resolution and amendments on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
MILEAGE OF CALIFORNIA SENATORS.
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi. I wish to call up
a matter which is not personal to myself, but
which relates to another member of the Senate, in-
volving the question of mileage. The Judiciary
Committee has made a report upon the subject. I
presume there eaa be no action had at this session
of the Senate on the subject. I doubt exceedingly
whether it ought to be acted on in the present con-
dition of the body. It is a question of great mag-
nitude, and interesting to some gentlemen. I hope
the report will be taken up for consideration with
the view of having- it printed, and then that the
whole subject may be postponed until the beginning
of the next session of Congress.
The PRESIDENT. That will be done neces-
sarily.
Mr. FOOTE. Very well, then, I will not make
that motion; but I ask that it may be taken up
with a view of postponing ijs further considera-
tion until the next session.
Mr. DAWSON. It goes over to the next ses- |
sion as a matter of course. ]
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi. But it may be
called up at any time; and, as I may have to go
away, I wish it to be understood that it is not to j
be acted on at this session.
Mr. COOPER. I believe it was the impression :
of the Judiciary Committee that no consideration
of the subject by the Senate was necessary. They j
supposed that the report was to be made merely ;
for the benefit of the President of the Senate—to
ask an opinion of the Senate merely to enlighten ;
the judgment and conscience of the presiding offi- j
cer—and there was no design, I believe, to call it j
lip for action at all. That is my impression.
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi. If it can be un- j
derstood that the decision of the subject will be '
postponed until the beginning of the next session,
I am perfectly satisfied.
The PRESIDENT, The Chair is under the
necessity of stating that his action will be gov-
erned this session by the report of the committee,
that report coinciding; entirely with his own opin-
ion, as he expressed it when he brought the sub- 1
ject to the notice of the Senate. !
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi. I hope no fur- 1
ther action will take place at this session under the
ft 11*^11 TV\cf O *% r% AO
The PRESIDENT. It lies upon the table of
course; and no further action can be had until it
is called up.
Mr. MANGUM. At there is a diversity of
opinion in reference to the mileage of the Senator
from California, I hope that what is done now in
relation to the subject will be done under a protest
against the opinion of the presiding officer. I
hope that ultimately the whole subject will be ex-
amined, and that what is received under protest '
will be opened to full investigation. i
The PRESIDENT. There can be no neces- !
sity far a protest.
Mr, FOOTE, of Mississippi. I believe it is a
general understanding that there is to be no action
on this subject at this session. i
On motion by Mr. UNDERWOOD, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness, and after some time spent therein, the doors
were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned. 1
Wednesday, March 12, 1851.
On motion by Mr. BADGER, it was ordered
that the Secretary of the Senate cause to be bound,
in suitable half-binding -as heretofore, the copies
of the Congressional Globe and Appendix ordered
to be procured for the use of members at the last
session of the Thirty-first Congress.
DOUBTFUL LEGISLATION.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of tbe Senate be instructed
to certify to the President of the United States that Senate
bill No. 4, entitled "An act for the relief of the American
Colonization Society," was presented for bis signature with-
out the suspension of the 17th rule, which was necessary
for such presentation having been agreed to by the Senate.
Mr. President, I thought the appropriation
wrong, and I objected to the suspension of the
17th joint rule, which suspension would allow
that bill to be sent on the last day of the session to
the President. I have introduced the resolution
because the bill went to the President and was
signed by him without the suspension of that rule.
Some information which I received last Winter
from an officer serving on the African station, con-
vinced me that the Colonization Society had really
no claim on the Treasury. That information
convinced me that the Colonization Society, in-
stead of taking care of the negroes taken from the
Pons, had actually apprenticed them to the Libe-
rian negroes as redemptioners, and that they re-
ceived the profits of the labor of these negroes.
Besides, I aid not think the Government had any
right to interfere with the matter at all. I received
a letter yesterday, which I wish to have read by
the Secretary.
The letter which the honorable Senator wished
to have read is as follows:
" Si*: A  I perceive you have moved in the matter re-
gardingthe signature of die President of the United State* to
the bill recently passed by Congress for the relief of the
Colonization Society, I beg leave, though a stranger, to sug-
gest (if there is yet time to arrest its course) that the justice
of that bill may be considered.
" In November. 1848. 1 boarded (in a boat with five men)
the ' Pons,' and took possession of her, with 903 slaves on
board. She was then aboutforty-eight hours sail from Ka-
benda, near the river Congo, and was bound to Brazil. She
(the Pons) was got ready with a prize crew, and parted
company with the Yorktown, Captain Bell, the next day,
destined for Monrovia, to land the recaptured Africans.
Some two months after this my ship arrived at Monrovia,
and we found that only 756 slaves were landed, the rest hav-
ing died on the passage. The Legislature of Liberia was
then in session, and I waa informed that they immediately
passed an act causing these recaptured people to be appren-
ticed or bound outfor four years to any of the colonists who
would take them and give them food and clothing for that
term, after which they were to be admitted to the rights of
citizenship. I learn that all (save some forty) were thus
taken as apprentices, and the few who were not found their
wav to the woods, &c.
" At the time of the slaves being landed at Monrovia there
were about $200 worth of beans, rice, and farina on board
the < Pons' belonging to the captors. This, I am told, was
appraised by three persons, charged to the United Statea
Government, and given to Dr. Lugenbeel, the agent, to feed
the 756 slaves till provided for by the Liberian authorities.
" In my opinion—and I was on the coast of Africa nearly
two years—this is tbe true state of tbe case, and the Colo-
nization Society was not a sufferer to the extent of even
9400.
" Until I went to Africa I fully believed in the benefits
reported as conferred by that Society on the negro race. I
have changed my opinion, along with many othere.
" In giving you this statement, sir, I beg that my name
may be withheld from the public press or publicity. I court
no celebrity, and desire only to perform my duty to my
country. I was not aware, till the bill had passed, that it
was before Congress.
" I have the honor to be, &c.
"Hon. Jefferson Davis, V. S. Senate."
Mr. SMITH. I desire to inquire of the Chair
whether the resolution is under consideration ?
The PRESIDENT. It cannot be considered
except by unanimous consent.
Mr. SMITH. I object.
On motion by Mr. UNDERWOOD, the Senate
then proceeded to the consideration of executive
business, and after some time spent therein the
doors were reopened.
TIME OF ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. CASS submitted a motion for the appoint-
ment of a committee to wait on the President of
the United States and inform him that the Senate,
having completed the business before them, are
now ready to adjourn, unless he may have any
further communication to make.
Mr. BADGER moved to amend the resolution
so as to read—
I Resolved, That a committee be appointed to wait on the
President of the United States and inform him that unless
he has some further communication to make, the Senate
will close the session by adjournment at one o'clock to-
( morrow.
The amendment was agreed to.
On the question to a ree to the motion as amend-
ed, it was decided in the affirmative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bayard, Bell, Ber-
rien, Borland, Cooper, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of
Mississippi, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Foot of
Vermont, Foote of Mississippi, Hale, Mangum, Morton,
Rusk, Sebastian, Seward, Smith, Upham, Walker, and
Whitcomb—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Cass, Dawson, Felch, King, Mason,
Pearce, Pratt, Shields, SouU, and Underwood—10.
On motion, it was
Ordered, That the President pro tempore appoint the
committee.
And Messrs. Badger and Bayard were accord-
ingly appointed.
After the lapse of half an hour—
Mr. BADGER, from the committee appointed
by the Senate to wait on the President and inform
him that the Senate was now ready to adjourn un-
less he had any further communication to make,
reported that he had performed this duty, and that
the President said he had no further communica-
tion to make to the Senate.
On motion by Mr. BADGER,
Resolved, That the Senate adjourn line He to morrow, at
one o'clock, p. m.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
[ On motion by Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi, the
Senate proceeded to consider the resolution sub-
mitted by Mr. Borland on the 5th instant for the
purchase of certain copies of the Patent Office re-
port for 1850.
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi. The resolution
now being under consideration, I hope the amend-
ments will all be rejected, and the resolution
passed in its original shape.
Mr. BORLAND. The resolution, as originally
introduced by myself, was in these words:
" Ordered. That the Secretary of the Senate purchase for
the use of the Senate fifteen thousand copies of the first
part and thirty thousand copies of the second part of the
Report of the Commissioner of the Patent Office for 1830,
from the printer who shall print the same documents under
the order of the last session of tha House of Representatives,
at a price not exceeding the rate at which said documents
shall be paid for under the said order of the House."
This resolution was, on my motion, laid on the
table. It was afterwards called up, and an amend-
ment was proposed by the Senator from Missis-
sippi. The proposition of the Senator from Mis-
sissippi now is, as I understand it, to take the
resolution as I originally introduced it. It pro-
vides for the printing of tne same numberof copies
of the Patent Office report that was printed last
year. It is not put in the form of ordering the
