424
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 12,
Proceedings of the calhd, Session.
Senate.
document to be printed, but directing the Secretary
to purchase a certain number of copies; for this
reason: the document has been ordered to be
printed by the House under the old contract. This
resolution provides that the Secretary shall pro-
cure the number of copies we desire on the same
terms on which they are printed under the old
contract for the House of Representatives. The
contractor for the public printing under the late
Congress prints the document for the House on
the terms of the old contract. This resolution
provides that the Secretary shall obtain for the
Senate the number they wish on the same terms.
This is a proposition which all can understand.
It proposes to pay no increased price for this doc-
ument, but to pay the same price which would
have been paid had this document been ordered to
be printed by the Senate at the lute session.
Mr. SMITH. I think this is right; I have no
doubt in regard to any part of the resolution, ex-
cept it is the number ordered to be printed, but
shall make no objection to that at the present time.
It is giving to Mr. Ritchie the benefit of this print-
ing, which he really ought to have under his con-
tract, in the same manner as he would have had,
if my honorable friend from Arkansas had been
able to make his report before we adjourned at the
last session. It gives him profit which I really
think he ought to have.
The amendment offered yesterday by Mr. Chase
was rejected.
The amendment offered yesterday by Mr.
Foote, of Mississippi, was rejected.
The original resolution was adopted.
reporting.
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi. I offer a resolu-
tion, at the instance of my friend from Texas,
[Mr. Rose,] who thought I was more alert than
himself in getting the floor:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be authorized
and directed to contract with Richard Sutton for the report-
ins of the debates of the Senate of the United States for the
32d Congress, provided the rate of compensation per col-
umn (equal to the columns of the present Union and Intelli-
gencer) shall not exceed dollars.
Mr. ATCHISON. I trust this resolution will
not now be adopted. There will be time enough
at the beginning of the next session to look into
the matter. I have looked upon this system of
reporting as one of the greatest public grievances,
not to say nuisances, with which the Senate has
been afflicted. It induces two speeches when we
should have but one, and two hours' speaking
when we should have but one. On account of it
the Senate has become, instead of a deliberative
body, a debating society. I am against the whole
system, and I trust the matter will be postponed
until the next session.
The PRESIDENT. The resolution is not be-
fore the Senate for consideration except by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi. I hope the unan-
imous consent will be given to consider it at this
time. I can assure the Senate, on some examina-
tion of this matter, that unless we do take up this
subject for consideration now, and act upon it, it
will be impossible to procure a proper corps of re-
porters by the next session. I suppose I have had
as much reason to complain of reporting as many
others—perhaps a little more, because I am under-
stood to speak oftener than many others, and not
so much to the purpose. Notwithstanding, I con-
ceive it exceedingly important that we should have
our reports go out accurately; and I assure the
Senate, after an examination of the subject, that I
am prepared to say, and I think they will be sat-
isfied if the resolution is taken up and some state-
ment made, that without any, or a very little addi-
tional expenditure of money, we can procure such
reporting as has never before been heard of in this
country, and which will satisfy all gentlemen, even
the most fastidious.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I cannot consent to con-
sider this resolution at this time. I wish to be
heard on the subject when it comes up.
So the resolution lies over under the rules.
steamboat statistics.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts,
the Senate proceeded to consider the following res-
olution, submitted by him on the 8th instant:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be instruct-
ed to report to the Senate, at the next session of Congress,
the number of steamers in each collection district; their
tonnage ; the number of officers, crew, and other persons
employed on board of the same ; the number of passengers
carried on board the same annually ; the average distance
each passenger is carried : arranging ocean steamers in one
class, propellers in another, ferry-boats in another, and or-
dinary steamers in another, stating the number propelled by
high-pressure, and the number by low-pressure engines.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, modified the
resolution by adding the following:
Resolved, That the Secretary of tlie Treasury be further
instructed to report to the Senate the number oi shipwrecks
of vessels of the United States, and the causes of such dis-
asters, and the number of persons who thereby perished,
during the pact year.
The resolution was then adopted as modified.
stansbury's report.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to trans-
mi t to the Senate a copy of the report of Captain Edward
Stansbury, of the Corps of Topographical Engineers, of Ins
exploration of the valley of the Great Salt Lake ; if not trans-
mitted before the close of the present session, that the same
be received by the Secretary, and, together with the accom-
panying maps and drawings, be piinted for the use of the
Senate.
withdrawal of papers.
On motion by Mr. ATCHISON,
Ordered, That leave be given to withdraw the documents
of H. J. McClintock, Harrison Gill, and Mansfield Carter,
for compensation for services rendered at the Great Nama-
haw sub agency of the Sac and Fox Indians.
On motion by Mr. MASON,
Ordered, That Frederick Vincent, administrator of Mez-
chase and Malett, have leave to withdraw the documents
relating to said claim.
1 doubtful legislation.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I laid a resolu-
tion on the table this morning to the consideration
of which the Senator from Connecticut objected.
Mr. SMITH. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. It was a resolu-
tion which directed the Secretary of the Senate to
make a certificate to the President of the United
States of a fact, which he was to extract from the
Journal, upon a question which came before the '
President as the executer of the laws of the United
States. It seemed to me most extraordinary that
any one Senator should wish to conceal from the
President a fact which was closely involved in his
duty as chief executer of the laws of the United
States; that he should desire that the President
should not be officially informed that a bill had
been presented to him and received his signature
without going through the different forms of legis-
lation. I thought it extraordinary then. I think
it extraordinary now.
Mr. BADGER. The objection has been with-
drawn.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Then I ask that
the resolution be taken up for consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. DAWSON. I merely wish to ask what
can be the object of this resolution or certificate?
Can it change the law? Can it undo what has
been done ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. That is a ques-
tion which, not being a lawyer, I will not attempt
to solve. I strikes me, however, as plain that, if
a bill has not passed through the forms required for
legislation, it is not a law; that the forms are es-
sential; and that if they have been avoided, neg-
lected, or evaded, it vitiates the whole proceeding.
Mr. ATCHISON. I would ask the Senator
what does the Journal of the Senate show on that
subject ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The Journal
shows that the rule was not suspended, and there-
fore that the bill ought not to have been presented
to the President. But when he saw the bill signed
by the Speaker of the House and the President of
the Senate, having been passed by both bodies, it
was not for him to inquire whether the rule was
suspended or not. The only fault was in presenting
it to the President of the United States. That is
the fault which, to my mind, vitiates the whole
proceeding. I do not say it does so. I leave that
to others. I want the fact to be communicated to
the President, in order that he may act underatand-
ingly when it comes before him, and that he may-
proceed in the matter as he thinks best, with all
the facts submitted to him. 1 further insist upon
it, because I was from the beginning opposed to
the passage of the bill. I received information
some time since that it was a fraud to be perpetra-
ted upon the Treasury; that the negroes taken
from the Pons were apprenticed to the Liberian
negroes,—those who had gone from the United
States and settled at Monrovia,—where they are
working their way out. They were supported by
nobody, and nobody had a claim upon the Treas-
ury for their support. Believing that, I thought
we ought not to pay the money. Upon the last
day of the session, when the bill was introduced,
having passed the House, and being sent back to>
the Senate, I happened to be one of those against
whom there was a very apparent effort to point
censure on account of speaking against measures.
I chose, therefore, to kill it by a single word; not
to Bpeak upon it, not even to state my objections,
but merely to say " I object," by which to check
it and let it go over, if it was to be presented again,
to another session, when I intended to utter all ray
objections.
This morning, having received a letter since the
last day of the last session from another officer of
the Navy who had been stationed in the African
squadron, corroborating the statements I had pre-
viously received, to the effect that these negroes
were not supported by the Colonization Society,
but were apprenticed to the Liberian negroes, 1
sent that letter to the desk to be read, taking it for
granted that those who differed from me, who be-
lieved we had the power to appropriate money out
of the Treasury for such objects, would at least
see no just claim in this case, however they might
differ from me on the general question. The read-
ing of the letter was objected to. The considera-
tion of the resolution was objected to. Now the
objection is withdrawn. I only ask that the Sen-
ate will order the Secretary to furnish the Presi-
dent from the Journal a transcript of the fact
which that Journal sets forth, for his guidance in
this matter.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. This question is one
I entirely novel to me, and it presents some consid-
erations that I should like to have settled, if we
can get at it legitimately and properly. It brings
up the question how far a paper, purporting to be
a law upon its face, acted upon by Congress and
1 approved by the President, can be defeated in its-
operation by a failure to comply with the rule
which prohibits the sending of such paper to the
President on the last day of the session unless
that rule is dispensed with. My first impression
has been, that when both Houses have constitu-
tionally acted upon and passed a bill, when the
signatures of the presiding officers of both Houses
have been affixed, and it has been presented to be
signed by the President, it becomes a law regard-
less of the rule. But it is a question of very great
importance. I should like to have it settled, be-
cause, if the rule is to be defeated through mistake,
through fraud if you please, and the paper thus
signed fraudulently, if that expression could be
allowed, an act, under the suggestion made, may
become a law when in truth it ought not to be;
and, perhaps, in a case of that sort, it could not
be a law, on the maxim that fraud vitiates every-
thing. But in this case there was no fraud in the
passage of the bill through the two Houses; no
fraud in the signature of the President. The mis-
take, if in anything, has been in the non-compli-
ance with a mere ryle. That is the only thing
that can be said.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The rule defeat-
ed it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The rule defeated it,
because it withheld it from the President and his
signature. It was a disregard of the rule, I admit,
by which the bill got before him; and if that dis-
regard to the rule defeats the bill, it ought to be de-
feated.
Mr. BELL. It has been decided by the Su-
preme Court long ago, that it has no effect.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. It is just said here that
the very question I am speaking upon has been
already decided by the Supreme Court. The de-
cision had escaped me, and I do not now recollect
the case. My friend from Tennessee says that
the Supreme Court has decided that a fadure to
comply with a role of this sort does not vitiate
