1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
423
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Proceedings of the called Session.
Senate.
the law when it has received the sanction of the
presiding: officers of both Houses and of the Pres-
ident of the United States. That is my impres-
sion. If that be settled, my friend's certificate
would be inoperative and do no good. Its only 1
effect would be to embarrass the Executive. I am
§lad the thing has taken the course which it has
one; for when the gentleman from Mississippi
the other day made the objection, 1, having been
instrumental, as a member of the Committee of
Claims,in passing this bill,thoughtit was in conse-
quence of my objecting to a bill of his. But 1 am
happy to find that my friend had reasons that
were substantial, as he has since communicated to
me; and I rise, among other things, to say that
there was no proof before the Committee of Claims
that these negroes of the barque Pons had been
employed and kept in slavery, and labored for
their own support. These are facts for which the
Senate is indebted entirely to the communication
of the gentleman, and which, at the time the ob-
jection was made, were unknown to me. Not
Knowing the motive which caused the objection, I
thought at the time it was a little strange, but it
has been explained by subsequent information.
Mr. MASON. I move to postpone the farther
consideration of the resolution with the view of
going into executive session.
On a division there were for the motion 16,
against it 13—no quorum voting.
Mr. CASS. I would suggest to the Senator
from Mississippi to modify his resolution so as to
direct the Secretary to furnish to the President a
transcript of the Journal in relation to the bill.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I have no objec-
tion to that. I am willing so to modify the reso-
lution.
The PRESIDENT. We must have a quorum
before we can transact any business.
Mr. ATCHISON. This is just the difference
between " tweedledum" and " tweedledee." The
Senator from Mississippi proposes to notify the
President of a fact which the Journal shows, and
nothing more. I care not in what form the reso-
lution is put.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I think it is in-
cumbent upon us to notify the President that the
bill was presented for his signature without having
gone through the due forms of legislation. Ac-
cepting the suggestion of the Senator from Michi-
gan, I modify the resolution so as to direct the
Secretary to furnish the President a copy of that
portion of the Journal in relation to this bill.
The PRESIDENT. There is no such portion
of the Journal. The Journal does not show that
a proposition was made to suspend the rule.
Mr. BADGER. The Journal certainly shows
that a resolution was sent from the House, sus-
pending the seventeenth joint rule in relation to
that bill, and that that resolution failed here.
The PRESIDENT. The Journal shows no
such thing.
Mr. WHITCOMB. My objection to this res-
olution is, that it is telling the President nothing
but what he can find out by looking at the Journal
and rules of this body. A personal intimation
from any gentleman would, I suppose, be suffi-
cient to draw his attention to the matter. But if
the Senate passes a resolution of this kind, it car-
ries by implication, I apprehend, the idea that we
attach a legal importance to the matter which
would not be sustained by any court of justice.
Mr. MASON. I shall vote against this resolu-
tion, for the purpose of obtaining an executive
session. Besides, this bill is a law, and you can-
not undo it by informing the President that a rule
was transgressed by its passage. The only way
to undo it is by legislation. j
The PRESIDENT. The President of the Uni-
ted States has five copies of the Journal furnished ,
to him. |
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I do not suppose \
he takes the trouble of reading them. i
Mr. UPHAM. Let the resolution be read as ;
modified. !
It was read, as follows: !
Resolved, That an extract of the Journal, showing that
the seventeenth joint rule was not suspended as regards an
act for the relief of the American Colonization Society, be
furnished to the President of the United States.
Mr. UPHAM. The Journal shows no such
thing. I move to lay the resolution on the table,
f On a division there were for the motion 15,
! against it 13—no quorum voting.
After waiting some time to obtain a quorum, the
Senate adjourned.
t
Thursday, March 13,1851.
On motion by Mr. ATCHISON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business,
and, after some time spent therein, the doors were ,
reopened. ;
GEOLOGICAL REPORTS.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, submitted the following
resolution, which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the forthcoming report of Dr. David Dale
Owen, United States Geologist, on the geology of Iowa and
Wisconsin, and also the forthcoming report of Messrs. Fos-
ter and Whitney, United States Geologists, in relation to
the iron region of Lake Superior, ill Michigan, be ordered
to be printed, together with the maps, diagrams, sketches
of scenery, and illustrations, which will accompany the
same respectively; and that the work be executed during
the recess of Congress, under the special direction of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, in time to be
presented to Congress at an early day in the next session.
CALIFORNIA CLAIMS.
Mr. GWIN submitted the following resolution;
which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to the Senate at its next session such information as
may be in possession of the executive department of the
Government in regard to the claims of citizens of California
for services rendered and moneys and property furnished in
1846-'7 in the conquest of that country.
RESOLUTION OF THANKS.
Mr. MANGUM submitted the following reso-
lution; which was unanimously agreed to:
Resolved, That the thanks of this Senate be and the same
are hereby tendered to the Hon. William R- Kino for the
very able, dignified, and impartial manner in which he has
presided over the deliberations of the Senate during the
special session now about to terminate.
CLERK OF A COMMITTEE.
! Mr. RUSK submitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the nommittee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be authorized to employ a clerk during the re-
cess of Congress.
Mr. WHITCOMB objected to the considera-
i tion of the resolution, but subsequently withdrew
his objection.
Mr. WALKER. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered. But the hour
of one having arrived—
The PRESIDENT of the Senate rose and said:
: Senators: The repeated manifestations of your
respect and confidence can never be obliterated from
my memory. I have on all occasions attempted
to the utmost of my ability to discharge the duties
of the station which you have assigned to me, and
I have been sustained by the kindness and cour-
tesy of the Senators.
We are about to separate. I hope you may
return safely to your homes, and find your fami-
lies in health, and that we may meet again at the
next session of Congress, prepared to carry out
the measures which may be necessary and proper
to forward the great interests of the country. I
■ tender you, Senators, my sincere thanks.
! The Senate stands adjourned tine die.
