426
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 5,
30th Cong 1st Sess.
Defence of Zachary Taylor—Mr. Clayton.
Senate.
DEFENCE OF ZACHARY" TAYLOR.
SPEECH OF HOjTJ. M. CLAYTON,
OF DELAWARE,
In theJSenate of.the United States,
Wednesday, July 5, 1848.
£The two following'speeches (Mr. Clayton's and Mr.
Mangcvi's) h wing been Hccidentally omitted io be published
in the volume to which they properly belonged, are in-
serted here to supply the omission.]
Mr. Foote having concluded an elaborate address to the
Senate agninst General Taylor, and called upon the Wing
Senators, and especially the Senator from Delaware, to ex-
plain the principles upon which Taylor was to be sustained
a# a candidate for the Presidency—
Mr. Clayton rose to reply. Mr. Nues, of Connecticut,
immediately ca led Mr. Clayton to o der, denying his Might
to reply, a^ the whole subject introduced by Mr. Foote was
irrelevant, and Mr. Dallas, the Vice President, refusing to
hear any debate upon the call to ord^r, decided the debate
to be out of order. But the Senate, on a vote taken imme-
diately after this, gave leave to Mr. Clayton to proceed,
notwithstanding the decision of the Vice President.
Mr. CLAYTON then addressed the Senate, as
follows:
The decision of the Chair was indeed unprece-
dented, and directly in opposition to his own
solemn decision on a case precisely similar to this,
made bv him only a few weeks ago. Neithpr I
nor my friends originated this political debate. We
were content to leave General Cass and General
Taylor in the hands of the people, and the Senate
will unanimously bear me witness, that I have
never introduced an irrelevant topic into any de-
bate here. The political friends of the gentleman
who occupies the chair began this discussion.
They attacked General Taylor and his character,
and scoffed at his claim to the Presidency. They
were allowed to proceed, xoithout interruption from t
the Chair, through a debate which extended through j
the greater part of two days. The "Vice President 1
was, by the rules of the Senate, bound to call his
own political friends to order, if he thought the
debate was out of order. But not a word about ,
order was heard from his lips till I took the floor
to reply, and then he arrested the debate, and put
a seal upon my lips. The Senator from Missis-
sippi had charged upon me and my friends that we
desired to evade the discussion—that General
Taylor had no principles which we dared avow —
and said that he had, on consultation with his
friends, resolved to provoke us to a debate on this
subject, and to see that we should "dodge no
blows which in chivalry and honesty we were
bound to take." He even charged us with a de-
sign to pass the resolution for a speedy adjourn-
ment of Congress in order to avoid and dodge this (
very discussion. He went further, sir. He called |
on me personally to meet him in debate on these 1
questions. Yet, after he had been permitted to
indulge in this strain of attack on me and my
friends, his own party associates seize the occa-
sion, the moment I rise to take up the glove he
has thrown at my feet, to dodge the encounter.
These are the circumstances under which twenty-
one Democratic Senators have this day voted to
deny me the freedom of speech. They have a large
party majority here, but such and so gross was the
injustice of this attempt to stifle a discussion which
they themselves provoked, that a majority of the
Senate has overruled their purpose; and to that
majority, and especially to the chivalrous Senator
from Mississippi, [Mr. Foote,] who has ex-
pressed his own deep sense of the injustice done, I
tender my thanks.
I have already stated to the Senate that I have
no means of access to the opinions of General j
Taylor which are not in the possession of every
member of this body, and every citizen of the
country. Honoring his character, as I sincerely j
do, I have never yet had the pleasure of an intro- ;
duction to that distinguished man—I have never i
addressed a letter to him in my life, nor received j
one from him. 1 have formed my opinions of the j
principles of the man from his writings and ac- j
tions, and from what any of us may have seen in
the public prints. To these means of information
all have equal access, and all can form an opinion
as well as 1 can on the whole subject of debate.
I think it is also due to General Taylor to say,
in the outset, that the position which ho has as-
sumed before the country, as a candidate for the
Presidency, has been entirely misapprehended in
the cours* of tllis debate. He has been held up
here as merely a Whig candidate, bound to sus-
tain every Whig principle with which that party
has ever been identified. It has been alleged, that
he is bound to carry out all the dictates, and obey
all the behests ofa mere party—that he runs merely
as a party man—that he is bound hand and foot
by parly pledges—and, that he must carry out, at
all hazards, and under all changes of time and cir-
cumstances, every ancient known measure pro-
posed by the Whig party. Now, undoubtedly
General Taylor is a Whig, but 1 do not under-
stand him as occupying any such position as that
which I have just described. He, himself, has re-
pudiated it in every letter having reference to this
subject. It is true that he has been nominated by
the Whig party; but it is also true that he was
originally nominated by a meeting composed both
of Whigs and Democrats. Thousands of Demo-
crats had nominated hiin for the Presidency before
he was nominated by the Whig party. Natural-
ized citizens and Native Americans, in all sections
of the country, had nominated him before he re-
ceived the nomination of the Philadelphia Conven-
tion. And now, the great objection urged against
him is, that the Whig party of the Union has con-
firmed the nomination which General' Taylor had
previously received. He was nominated by the
Whig Convention at Philadelphia, with the as-
surance that he was a Whig, in every letter that
he wrote on that subject, he declared that he was
a Whig, but he uniformly took the bold and manly
ground, that if elected President of the United
States, he should not consider himself the mere
servant or tool of a party, not even of the party to
which he had been attached, but that he should
be the President of the American people. Under
these circumstances,the honorable gentleman from
Mississippi can find no difficulty in answering the
questions which he has propounded with regard
to the principles of General Taylor. If he will ex-
amine the principal letter which General Taylor
has written with reference to this subject—the let-
ter to Captain Allison—he will see the ground on
which he places himself as a candidate before the
American people. Before I proceed further, per-
mit me to read the following extract from that
letter:
" Baton Rouge, dpiil 2-2,1848."
" First. I reiterate vvlmt I have often said—I ain a Whig,
but not an ultra Whig. If elected I would not be the mere
President of a party. I would endeavor to act independent
of party domination. 1 shou'd feel bound to administer the
Government untrammelled by party schemes.
" Second. The veto power. The power given by the
Constitution to the Executive to interpose his veto, is a
high conservative power; but in my opinion should never
be exercised except in cases of clear violation ot the Con-
stitution, or manilest haste and want of consideration by
Congress. Indeed, I have thought that for many years past
the known opinions and wishes of the Executive have exer-
cised undue and injurious influence on the legislative de-
partment of the Government; and for this cause I have
thought our system was in danger of undergoing a great
change fioin its true theory. The personal opinions ot the
individual who may happen to occupy the executive chair
ought not to control the action ol Congress upon questions
of domestic policy; nor ought his objections to be interposed
where questions of constitutional power have been settled
by the various departments of Government, and acquiesced
in by the people.
" Third. Upon the subject of the tariff, the euriency, the
improvement of our great highways, rivers, lakes, and har-
hois, the will of the people, as expressed through their
representatives in Congress, ought to be respected and
carried out by the Executive.
" Fourth. The Mexican war. I sincerely rejoice at the
prospect of peace. My life has been devoted to arms, yet I
look upon war, at all tunes and under all circumstances, as
a national calamity, to be avoided if compatible with na-
tional honor. The principles of our Government, as well as
its true policy, are opposed to the subjugation of other na-
tions anil the dismemberment of other countries by conquext.
In the language of the great Washington, ' Why should we
quit our own to stand on foreign ground ?' In the Mexican
war our national honor has been vindicated, amply vindi-
cated ; and, in dictating terms ot peace, we may well afford
to be forbearing and even magnanimous to our fallen foe."
General Taylor, then, stands before the country
not merely as a Whig, but as the great repre-
sentative and champion of the principle of
the right of man to self-government. He
maintains the principle that the majority have the
right to govern. He stands precisely upon the
ground on which Thomas Jefferson originally
made a party difference with John Adams. Let
me quote a passage from the letter of Thomas Jef-
ferson to John Adams, stating the grounds on
which the Republican party of 1798 commenced
its opposition to the encroachments of Executive
power, and to which it owed its true origin. In
the 4th volume of Jefferson's Memoirs, page 202,
we find the letter to which I refer. It is dated June
27, 1813, and contains the following passages :
" The terms of Whig and Tory belong to national as well
as civil history. They denote the temper and constitution
of mind ofdifferent individuals. To come to our own coun-
try and to the times when you and I became first acquainted :
we well remember the violent parties which agitated the old
Congress, and their bitter contests. There you and I were
arrayed together ; others cherished the monarchy of Eng-
land, and we the rights of our country.
" But as soon aslhe Constitution was put into motion, the
line of division was again drawn. We broke into two par-
ties, each wishing to give the Government a different di-
rection ; the one [the Republican party] to strengthen
the most popular branch, [Congress,J tiie other the
moke permanent branches, and to extend their per-
manence. Here you and I separated tor the first time, and
one party placed your name at their head—the other selected
mine."
Precisely upon that principle,General Lewis Cass
and General Zachary Taylor now differ, and stand
at issue before the country. General Taylor places
himself upon this just principle, lying at the foun-
dation of all republican forms of Government—
the right of the majority to govern. He holds
that the popular branch of the Government pos-
sesses rights, and that he, if elected President,
would be bound to respect them. He says, there-
fore, in reference to all those great questions which
have heretofore agitated the country, and which
are properly within the powers of Congress, that
he will be guided by the will of the people as ex-
pressed by their representatives. On the other
hand, what says General Lewis Cass? He denies
that the will of the people shall govern. He main-
tains the high Federal doctrines of ancient days,
that the President of the United States, with his
veto power, shall control the will of the people.
I He stands up as the champion of Executive power,
| and has received the nomination from a party con-
vention, under circumstances which, 1 think, when
carefully examined by the American people, will
seal his fate as a candidate before them. What
were these circumstances? The very first rule
adopted by the convention assembled at Baltimore
was, that the will of the majority should not gov-
ern—that the vote of two thirds should be neces-
sary to nominate the President. They had laid
down that doctrine before on a memorable occa-
sion—I refer to the Baitimorenomination in 1844.
The result reminds me of one of those games at
cards which is called "solitaire," in which you
know a man plays against himself. Did you ever
see a man sit down to play that game who did not
cheat himself? The Democratic leaders, on this
occasion, undertook to play "solitaire"—the
Whigs were not present to be cheated—and the
very first act or decree was one amounting, in my
judgment, to a most flagitious fraud, not only upon
the country but upon the party itself. It ordained
that the will of the people should not govern, and
that no man should be nominated for the Presi-
dency without the vote of two thirds of that con-
vention. Well, now, what must be—(everybody
knows what was the consequence in this case)—
the necessary consequence of the establishment of
such a principle by any party? We can all
very well estimate the power of one hundred thou-
sand office-holders, many of them anxious to per-
petuate their dynasty. They can pack a Demo-
cratic convention with more than one third of its
members, though they might not be able to con-
trol a majority. They can send on their relations,
their friends, and dependents, as delegates, and,
under the operation of this two-thirds rule, govern
the convention. It was so on this occasion. All
the gentlemen who composed the convention went
to Baltimore bound to nominate some candidate
for the Presidency. To fail to nominate by a con-
vention would be to dissolve the party. They
were compelled, therefore, to make a nomination;
and when they entered the convention, they were
met with a rule declaring that the vote of two
thirds was necessary to nominate their Democratic
candidate for the Presidency. They knew that
within the walls of the convention there stood a
packed minority, of more than one third, repre-
senting the office-holders of the country, who could
veto or negative the nomination of any man not
subservient to their views, or who would not per-
petuate their dynasty and continue them and their
frienda in office. The candidates all understood
this beforehand, and on such occasions he who
makes tht moat satisfactory bargain with this
