1848.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
427
30th Cong 1st Sess.
Defence of Zachary Taylor—Mr. Clayton.
Senate.
clique or fhction—constituting more than one
third, but not one half of the convention—is sure
to receive the nomination. No other man can get
it. I say again, every candidate understood this,
and every future candidate will, in all future Dem-
ocratic conventions, understand it. Each of
them will know that it is impossible for him to
procure the nomination unless he can secure the
services of those who come there for the purpose
of sustaining themselves in office. He is bound
then to lend himself to all their views. If they de-
sire to establish a platform of political faith, he
mast subscribe to it. He has no option. He must
either relinquish all hope of the nomination or
subscribe to every do ma that this clique may
choore to lay down. Under these circumstances,
I ask, what is the inevitable tendency of the party
which has nominated General Lewis Cass? Does
it not directly tend to the rule of the few over the
many, and eventually to a monarchy? It tends to
the establishment, in the first instance, of an oli-
garchy, or an aristocracy of office-holders—able
to dictate the nomination of any man they please.
They have a veto on the acts of the convention as
absolute and effectual as that which the President
of the United States, whom they may nominate
and elect under the magic name of Democrat, may
have upon the laws of Congress and the will of
the people.
Undoubtedly the great mass of the Democratic
party is honestand patriotic. We who are Whigs,
and opposed to them in politics, are entitled to a
free expression of their opinion in making a party
nomination; and Whigs, as well as Democrats,
are defrauded by this political legerdemain—this
koeua poena—introduced by some political magi-
cians into thai party within a few years past, which
compels that party to accept a nomination made
and forced upon them by the minority. Such
were the circu mstances—such was the fraud—such
was the established rale and iron law under which
General Cass received his nomination.
Let us inquire, in connection with this, what are
some of the other doctrines of the party to which
General Cass has been compelled to subscribe.
Among other things, there stands prominently the
assertion of the great right and duty of the Presi-
dent of the United States to exercise the veto
power without reference to the limitations pre-
scribed by the fathers of the Constitution. Every
one who has perused the "Federalist," knows
that Mr. Madison and his associates uniformly
maintained, that the great object of the veto was
to enable the Executive of the United States to
defend the Constitution and the executive power
within its limits. No man of their day pretended
it was designed that the veto power should be
extended, as it has been, to every act of or-
dinary legislation and every instance in which
a party might by the aid of it elevate or sus-
tain itself against the interests of the whole coun-
try. It never was imagined by any member of
the Convention which formed the Constitution,
that the veto clause in that instrument could be
so construed by the most latitudinarian expositor
as that the President of the United States should
be enabled, by the force of that clause, to become
a part of the legislative power of the country.
Now, however, you find the doctrine laid down
by this party boldly in their public prints, that the
President constitutes a part of the legislative power
of the country, and that the veto power is un-
limited, and was so intended to be by those who
made the Constitution. Let me call the attention
of the Senate to a consideration of the principles
upon which this veto power was inserted in the
American Constitution. The first sentence of
the Constitution declares that all "the legislative
powers herein granted shall be vested in a Senate
and House of Representatives." No part of the
legislative power is given to the President of the
United States. In the judgment of the fathers of
the Republic, the Executive never constituted an
essential component part of the legislative power.
A qualified power of revision was given to him;
but it was never intended that he should exeriise
any legislative power. In order that we may un-
derstand this subject, which enters largely into the
great questions now before us, let me read a por-
tion of the debate on the adoption of the Consti-
tution. I am particularly desirous of the attention
of the Senate to this point, because I wish it to
see by whom these extreme notions in relation to
the veto power were originally advanced. During
this session of Congress, we have heard the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio [Mr. Allen] utter
very strong denunciations against Colonel Hamil-
ton as the intentional advocate of kingly and mo-
narchical doctrines, and a traitor to the cause of
liberty. I do not stand here for the purpose of
branding one of the greatest men the country ever
produced with ignominious charges; but I desire
to show that the great leader of the Federal party,
when this subject was first presented to the con-
sideration of the Old Continental Congress, was the
very man to press this veto power upon the Con-
vention, and to insist upon its being made absolute
and unqualified. In Madison's State Papers, page
151, we read:
" Mr. Gerry's proposition being now before the commit-
tee, Mr. Wilson (then cniled a 'consolidation federalist')
and Mr. Hamilton moved that the last part of it he struck
out, so as to gii e the Executive cm abtolute negative on the
laws. There was no danger, they thought, of such a power
being too much exercised. It was mentioned by Colonel
Hamilton, that the King of Great Britain had not exerted
his negative since the revolution," (i. e. 1688.)
That is the argument in favor of the absolute
veto made by one who has been represented in
this Chamber as the great aristocrat and mon-
archist of that day. Mr. Gerry, a Democrat of
that day 
Mr. MANGUM, (in his seat.) Republican.
Mr. CLAYTON. I thank my friend for the
word. Republican is a much better name.
" Mr. Gerry Baid he saw no necessity for bo great a con-
trol over the legislature, as the best men in the country
would be comprised in tiie two branches of it."
"Dr. Franklin said, he was sorry to differ from his col-
league, for whom he had a very great respect, on any occa-
sion, but he could not help it on this. He had had some
experience of this check in the executive on the legislature,
under the proprietary government of Pennsylvania. The
negative of tlte Governor was constantly made use of to ex-
tort money. No good law whatever could be pasted with-
out a piivate bargain with him. * * If the executive was
to have a council, such a power would be less objection-
able. It was true, the King of Great Britain had not, as was
said, exerted his negative since the revolution; but that
matter was easily explained. The bribes and emoluments
now given to the members of Parliament rendered it unne-
cessary, everything being done according to the will of the
Ministers. He was afraid, if a negative should be given as
proposed, the more power and money would be demanded,
till at last enough would be got to influence and bribe the
legislature into a complete subjection to Ihe will of the
executive."
! Then comes the Republican shoemaker, Roger
I Sherman. What did hesay?
I "Mr. Sherman was against enabling any one man to stop
I the will of Ihe whole. No one man could be found so fkr
above all the rest in wisdom. He thought we ought to avail
] ourselves of 1ns wisdom in revising the laws, but not permit
; hlin to overrule the decided and cool opinions of the legis-
lature."
I Mr. Wilson said in his speech for the veto,
"there might be tempestuous moments in which
! * animosities may run high between the executive
' and legislative branches, and in which the former
' ought to be able to defend itself."
" Mr. Butler had been in favor of a single executive ma-
gistrate ; but could he have entertained an idea that a com-
plete negativeon the laws was to be given him, he certainly
should have acted very differently. XI had been observed,
that in all countries the executive power is in a constant
course of increase. This was certainly the case in Great
Britain. Gentlemen seemed to think that we had nothing
to apprehend from an abuse of the executive power. But
why might not a Catiline or a Cromwell arise in this coun-
try as well as in other#?"
" Mr. Bedford, of Delaware, was opposed to every check
on the legislature, even the council of revision first pro-
posed. He thought it would be sufficient to mark out in the
Constitution the boundaries to the legislative authority,
which would give all the requisite security to the rights of
the other departments. The representatives of the people
were the best judges of what was for their interest, and
ought to be under no external control whatever. The two
branches would produce a sufficient control within the legis-
lature itself."
" Colonel Mason observed, that a vote had already passed,
he found—he was out at the time—for vesting the executive
powers in a single person. Among these powers was that
of appointing to offices in certain cases. The probable
abuses of a negative had been well explained by Dr. Frank-
lin, as proved hv experience, the best of all tests. Will not
the same door lie opened here? The executive may refuse
its assent to necessary measures, till new appointments shall
be referred to him; and, having by degrees engrossed all
these into his own hands, the American executive, like the
British, will, by bribery and influence, save himself the
trouble and odium of exerting his negative afterwards. We
are, Mr. Chairman, going very far in this business. We are
not indeed constituting a British government, hut a more
dangerous monarchy—an elective one. We are introducing
a new principle into our system, and not necessary, as in
the British Government, where the executive has greater
rights to defend. Do gentlemen mean to pave the way to
hereditary monarchy ? Do tbey flatter themselves that the
people will ever consent to such an innovation? If they do,
I venture to tei them they are mistaken. The people never
will consent. And do gentlemen consider Ihe danger of de-
lay, and the still greater danger of rejection, nnt tor a mo-
ment, but forever, of the plan which shall be proposed to
them? Notwithstanding the oppression and injustice expe-
rienced among us from democracy, the genius of the people
is in favor of it, and the genius of the people must be con-
sulted. He could not but consider Die tederal system as in
effect dissolved by the appointment of this Convention to
devise a better one. And do gentlemen look lorward to the
dangerous interval between Ihe extinction of an old, and the
establishment of a new government, and to the scenes of
confusion which may ensue? He hoped tliatnoiliing like a
monarchy would ever be attempted in this country. A ha-
tred to it* oppressor had carried the people through the
late Revolution. Will it not be enough to enab'e the ex-
ecutive to suspend offensive laws till they shall be coolly re
vised, and the objections to them overruled by a greater
majority than was required in the first instance? He never
could agree to give up all the rights of the people to a single
magistrate. If more than one had been fixed on, greater
powers might have been intriBted to the executive. He
iioped this attempt to give such powers would have ns
weight hereafter, as an argument for increasing the number
of the executive."
After this Dr. Franklin again spoke against the
veto power, treating this question as if it involved
that of monarchy or republicanism ; and one pas-
sage of his speech containsa prophecy so remark-
able that I must read it to the Senate :
"The first man put at the helm [of State] will be a good
one. Nobody knows what sort may come afterwards. The
executive will be always increasing here, as elsewhere,
till it ends ih a monarchy."
Thus, then, it appears that the opinion of six
out of nine who participated in the debate, was
that an absolute and unqualified veto would intro-
duce a great monarchical feature into our insti-
tutions; in other words, that the executive would
be converted into a monarch by its adoption. That
was the opinion of Franklin, of Mason, of Sher-
man, of Bedford, of all except the ultra Federalism
of the day. Now, where are we? What is the
party which now maintains this ultra veto power?
The party that arrogates to itself the nameof Dem-
ocratic? That is'lhe party which places in the
foreground of its political platform the doctrine of
the absolute and unqualified exercise of the veto
power. That is the party which sustained the
absolute and unqualified veto on the land bill in
1833. That bill to distribute the net proceeds of
all the public lands among the States, which
passed both Houses in March, 1833, was a bill
which would have given the people of each State
in this Union the means of educating all their
children without taxation, and of improving their
harbors and rivers. These funds have been since
wasted upon land-jobbers and party favorites, on
Government contractors and office-holders, and not
a dollar of all these unnumbered millions has been
given to those who owned them as rightfully as
any man on earth ever owned his own house. By
an absolute veto—" a pocket veto"—a vile trick and
a fraud upon the people and their representatives,
this bill was defeated after the Representatives of
the nation had passed it by yeas 95, nays 40—
more than two thirds! The bill passed within the
last ten days of the session, as three fourths of all
the laws of Congress always have, and always
will pass. Experience shows us that the labors
of Congress are consummated within the last ten
days of each session, and that bills which have
been discussed or matured for months are gen-
erally signed at the close of the session. If, there-
fore, the President can, for the want of ten days,
within which the Constitution allows him to re-
tain a bill for his signature, withhold his sanction
and refuse to return the bill, he can defeat it, al-
though two thirds of each branch should be dis-
posed to pass it as the Constitution authorizes
them to do. The Senate, as well as the House, in
March, 1833, stood ready to annul the veto on the
land bill. The Senators from North and South
Carolina, [Mr. Mangum and Mr. Calhoun,] as
well as myself, were present at the time in the Sen-
ate, and we are all here now ready to attest this
to be true. The President obtained secret in-
formation of the spirit of the Senate against his
veto power, and pocketed the bill, in defiance of
the whole spirit of the Constitution. This was a
gross case of the exercise of the absolute and un-
qualified veto, which has never been condemned,
nut always'approved, by your psettdo Democracy,
and it is a fatal precedent, which may virtually
annul the whole power of Congress. The qualified
rule or power of revision recognized by the Con-
stitution, Subject to the will of two thirds of each
