428
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 5,
30th Cong 1st Sess.
Defence of Zachary Taylor—Mr. Clayton.
Senate.
branch of Congress, has been exercised in the
cases of the bill to pay the interest due the States
for expenditures in the last war, the various bills
for improvement of rivers and harbors, the bill to
recharter the bank, the bill to equalize the sessions
of Congress, the French spoliation bill, and in so
many other cases that it is difficult to enumerate
them. These vetoes have been sustained by Ex-
ecutive influence. Congress has fallen beneath the
Executive arm, strengthened astliatis, and always
will be, by a venal and subservient press and the
ready aid of the Post Office Department, with a
hundred thousand office-holders, many of whom
will always " crook the pregnant hinges of the
knee where thrift may follow fawning." This
whole veto power, as thus exercised, is now sus-
tained by the Baltimore platform, and piomptly
adopted by General Cass, in his acceptance of the
Baltimore nomination. It is part of his established
creed.
On the other hand, how stands the man we sup-
port on this great and vital subject? He denounces
the kingly power—the power for the exercise of
which a Stuart and a Bourbon lost their heads—
and confines the veto to the cases in which the
fathers of the Republic intended it to be exercised.
He treats it as a " high conservative power " So
did they. They declared by their exposition in
the "Federalist," that Us chief object was "to
enable the Executive to defend himself when at-
tacked." They meant it to be a shield, not a
sword. "In my opinion," says General Taylor,
in his letter to Captain Allison, " it should never
be exercised except in cases of clear violation of
the Constitution, or manifest haste and want of
consideration by Congress." He modestly adds,
" Indeed I have thought that for many years past,
' the known opinions and wishes of the Executive
' have exercised undue and injurious influence
• upon the legislative department of the Govern-
' ment; and from this cause I have thought our sys-
' tern was in danger of undergoing a great change
'from its true theory." Sir, if he had been forty
years in these halls, instead of the tented field, he
could not have more thoroughly understood the
true theory of this Government and its actual and
inevitable tendency, as now administered. It is
evident he has, in his silent hours allowed him in
the camp, by the watch-fire in the night, or amid
the interval of battles and military service, deeply
studied the genius of our Government and its
practical administration.
Sir, it would consume more time than is neces-
sary for my purpose, to show how often the will
of the people, expressed by their representatives
in Congress, has been defeated by the iron will of
a President, and especially by the exercise of his
monarchical negative on the laws. In the language
of a distinguished statesman, "the extreme medi-
cine of the Constitution has become our daily
food." Every man who remembers the history
of the last twenty years, will bear me witness,
that in this respect the modern Democracy have
drifted to a returnless distance from the old land-
marks of republicanism. The Executive preroga-
tive is no longer the object of attack, but its
advocates have been the unceasing assailants of the
rights of the people, and of the popular branch of
the Government. "The power of the Crown has
increased, is increasing, and ought to be dimin-
ished." He has broken down the power of the
people to improve their rivers and harbors—dic-
tated a new and untried system of currency in
despite of their expressed opinion—and even gone
so far as to deny the right of Congress to pay
a private claim to an American citizen. I refer to
the claim for French spoliations on our commerce
prior to 1800, for the liquidation of which a bill
passed both Houses of Congress two years ago—
a bill the principles of which he never under- 1
stood—a bill to which it is palpable he never ;
gave a week's attention in his life, though Con-
gress passed it after having held it under consid-
eration for a period of nearly fifty years. The
Government has ceased to be a government of the
people, and has become a government of one man.
Power, says Junius, is conuViually stealing from
the many to the few, and I may add, from the few
to one. The one-man power is the subject of un-
ceasing eulogy among some of the advocates of
the Baltimore convention platform, and one of the
delegate! lately made a speech to show its su-
periority in concentrating all responsibility in one
head, instead of dividing it among many, thus
frankly avowing his preference for the monarch-
ical lo the republican principle.
We must arrest this tendency to monarchy if
we intend to remain a Republic. When you talk
to me about Whig principles, tariffs, the currency,
internal improvements, land bills, and public
economy, I tell you that, although I am a Whig,
have always been a Whig, and expect to die Whig,
yet I hold that, in comparison with the great prin-
ciple now at issue between Lewis Cass and Zach-
ary Taylor, the other principles of any party ever
yet known in this country sink into insignificance.
1 am called upon, in the election of General Zach-
ary Taylor, to vindicate the great right of man to
self-government, and the right of the people,
through their representatives in Congress, to
make laws. I am called upon to deny the right of
the President of the United States to assume the
position of a legislator; and whenever the day
shall come that his right to legislate shall be ac-
knowledged, that moment the republican character
of our Government utterly ceases to exist. You
may call it what you please; you may style the
man at the head of the Government a President—
as Bonaparte was, in the first instance, styled First
Consul, and afterwards Emperor of the Republic—
but io all intents and purposes your Republic is at
an end. It becomes a monarchy—an elective
monarchy—the meanest and most despicable form
in which that kind of government can exist.
Here then is the principle upon which I make
issue with the honorable gentleman from Missis-
sippi, in the approaching presidential campaign.
I mean to stand by General Taylor as the rep-
resentative of the right of man to self-government.
I mean to support him because he has boldly and
nobly proclaimed himself, before the country, as
the champion of this great principle that the ma-
jority should govern. In all those cases where
the fathers of the Republic intended that the veto
power should be applied, he declares that he will
exercise it. In all cases where a bill passed by
Congress is clearly and manifestly unconstitu-
tional, or has been passed in haste and without
due consideration, he will be prepared to apply
the veto. He is ready to apply it to sustain the
Union of these States against any dangerous infrac- :
tion of the Constitution. But he will permit the I
people of the country to govern themselves. He J
will suffer the representatives of the people and
the States, in these halls, to make the laws. He
will not set himself up as an essential part of the
legislative power of the nation. He will, when he
reaches the presidential chair, stand by the great
principles avowed on this subject by Madison and
his compatriots of 1787, and utterly repudiate the
kingly maxim practiced upon in the present day—
" Sic voto, sic jubeo, sic veto. Stet pro ratione vol-
untas."
I propose to look a little further into this sub-
ject. 1 desire the Senate and the people of the
country to understand what kind of government
was sought to be established by those who intro-
duced the veto power into the Constitution of the
United States, and the kindred principles which
actuated them. In Madison's papers, we find a
copy of the Constitution which Colonel Hamilton,
the father of the veto, intended to propose. Here
are three of its provisions:
" Art. 1.—Sec. 1. The legislative power shall be vested
in two distinct bodies ot men, one to be called the Assem-
bly, the other the Senate, subject to the negative hereinaf-
ter mentioned.
"Art. IV.—Sec. 10. The President sball liave a right
to negative all bills, res Unions, or acts of the ttvo Houses
of the Legislature about to be passed into laws.
" Art. [II.—Sec. 6. The Senator* sball hold their places
during good behavior, removable only by conviction, on
impeachment, for some crime or misdemeanor."
Here are the principles of the Government which
the author of the veto power intendjd to introduce.
It is manifest that the mind of the author of the
veto power was at an infinite distance from the
opinions of those who made the Constitution. It
is evident that he intended to establish a Senate for
life, and to make the President a part of the legis-
lative power.
But the Executive practice in these days (all of
which seems to be fully approved by General
Cass) is not merely lie veto—but ae volo, sic ju-
beo. He now assume* the initiative in addition to
the veto power. He not only recommends, but
dictates to Congress. His opinions are daily quo-
ted in debate here, and control our legislation. It
has been but four days since an attempt was made
by the Senators from Kentucky and Tennessee,
[Mr. Underwood and Mr. Bell,] to remove the
obstructions in the river Ohio at Cumberland
island. Everybody here seemed to think it right
to remove it—but it was known and said that the
President would veto the bill which contained it,
and the improvement fell. So the navigation of
the Ohio must be obstructed till Taylor can put it
all right, by allowing Congress to make laws.
We have now not a single river or harbor bill
before Congress—not one measure for internal im-
provements. Why? Because we all know it is
idle to waste our time in passing them, as the
President has publicly avowed his resolution to
veto them all. The will of the people is nothing.
All men here look only to the will of the Presi-
dent. He is the fountain of favor. Now, in the
British House of Commons, under a limited mon-
archy, the independence of Parliament is secured
by a rule which makes it out of order for any mem-
ber to state in debate what is the will of the king;
and it is perfectly true, as Colonel Hamilton stated
in the Convention of 1787, that no king of England
has dared to exercise the veto power since the
English revolution produced by the Whigs of
1688—one hundred and sixty years ago. Why ?
Because the exercise of a power so despotic, which
wholly denies to the people the right of self-gov-
ernment, would, even in that limited monarchy,
have cost any English monarch his head, Queen
Victoria would not keep the throne a week under
one of our presidential vetoes. We have the
name of a Republic, but stat nominis umbra—it
stands but the shadow of a name. I first came
into Congress nearly twenty years ago, and 1 have
since been an attentive observer of men and things
here, though one of the humblest of the actors on
this theatre, where men, with loud professions of
Democracy on their lips, cherish the most despotic
principles in their hearts; and I now say that the
monarchical tendency has every year been growing
stronger; that many of our legislative acts of the
most important character are drafted at the exec-
utive department to suit the will of the Execu-
tive; and that Congress has degenerated, under
Democratic Presidents, till it is little better than
the register of the edicts of an emperor. It is but
a few days since a member who has served in Con-
gressabout thirty years, [Mr. Webster,] declared
in his place, that he had never known a President
set his heart on any great measure which he did
not force through Congress.
Why is this? Let a Democratic report, made
to drive the younger Adams from power twenty-
two years ago, make the answer The veteran
member from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,] in his re-
port on Executive patronage, May 4, 1826, after
enumerating the monstrous extent of the power of
that patronage says:
" The whole of this great power will centre in the Presi-
dent. The King of England is the ' fountain of honor;* the
President of the United States is the source of patronage.
He presides over the entire system of Federal appoint-
ments,jobs, and contracts. He has ' power' over the1 sup-
port' of the individuals who administer the system. He
makes and unmakes them. He chooses from the circle of
his friends and supporters, and may dismiss them, and, upon
all the principles of human action, will dismiss them, as
often as they disappoint his expectations. His spirit will
animate their actions in all the elections to State and Fed-
eral offices. There may be exceptions, but the truth of a
general rule is proved by Ibe exception. The intended
check and control of the Senate, without new constitutional
or statutory provisions, will cease to operate. Patronage
will penetrate this body, subdue its capacity of resistance,
chain to it tlie car of power, and enable the President to rule
as easily, and much more securely with than without the
nominal check of the Senate. If the President was himself
the officer of the people, elected by them and responsible
to them, there would be less danger from this concentration
of all power in hi3 hands; but it is the business of statesmen
to act upon things as they are, and not as they would wish
them to be. We must then look forward to the time when
the public revenue will be doubted; when the civil and military
officers of the Federal Government will be quadrupled; when
its influence over individuals will be multiplied to un irrfrfi
nite extent; when the nomination by the President can carry
arty man through the Senate, and his recommendation can
carry any measure through the two Houses of Congress;
when the principle of public action will be open and
avowed, The President wants my vote, and I want His patron-
age; I wilt vote as he withes, and he will give me the office I
wuhfor. What will tbis be twtthe government ot one man ?
and what i« the government of one man but a monarchal
Names are nothing. The nature of a thing is in its aub-
•Mcti and the n«t> won accommodate* it elf to Ik* sab-
