1848.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
30th Cong 1st Sess.
Defence of Zachary Taylor—Mr. Clayton.
Senate.
•Mace. Hw flnt Roman emperor was styled Emperor of
the iUjiiHic, «nd the lut French emperor look the same
title; and their respective countries were just as essentially
monarckicat before as after the assumption or these titles.
It cannot be denied, or dissembled, but that this Federal Gov-
ernment gravitates to the same point," fcc. '* Those who
make the President mast support him. Their political fate
becomes identified, and they must stand or fall together.
Right or wrong they must support him; and if he is made
contrary to the will of the people, he must be supported not
oaly by votes and speeches but by arms."
I proceed now to answer some of the interroga-
tories proposed by the honorable Senator from Mis-
sissippi; and, first, in relation to the tariff. He
asks me whether General Taylor is in favor of the
tariff. I answer that Qeneral Taylor has expressly
declared in his letter to Captain Allison, that he
will, on that subject, submit to the will of the peo-
ple. If they, by their representatives in Congress,
choose to pass a protective tariff law, he will not
veto it. If they choose to retain the free-trade law
of 1846, he will not interfere with it. The Sen-
ator asks, what is my position in regard to this
question ? I answer, that I am a Whig; and as a
true friend of the American tariff of 1842 and the
principles of that tariff, I am perfectly content with
the President of the United States who will permit
the will of the representatives of the people and of
the States to become the law of the land. The hon- 1
orable gentleman referred to a letter of mine, writ- I
ten in 1846, to my political friends in Delaware,
in which I avowed myself to be what I have al-
ways felt proud to declare myself—a friend to the
protection of American industry and the tariff of
1842. It was a letter written, not, as he says, for
a Presidential election, but for a State election,
and on the eve of it. I shall never abandon it; but
I glory in the principle it avows.
The honorable Senator inquired if there was a
man on this side of the Chamber who was in favor
of that tariff of 1842? I AM, and I think all on
my side of the Chamber concur with me. Bat 1
do not desire General Taylor to force any tariff
upon the country by the exercise of Executive
power. He is willing, on that great question, to
let the vote of the people govern; and no man, be
he from the North or from the South, who desires
to curb the expression of the people on this sub-
ject, can justly call himself a true Republican.
It is because General Taylor on this, as on
«thergreat questions, stands on Republican ground,
that we desire his election. He occupies precisely
the platform on which Mr. Jefferson placed him-
self in the origin of parties in this country. He
is in favor of strengthening the popular braneh of
the Government, and opposed to the augmenta-
tion of Executive power. This was the great di-
viding landmark between parties in 1798. But,
alas! your modern Democracy has been driven by
its office-holding leaders to a very different posi-
tion from that occupied by Mr. Jefferson. It now
stands as the advocate, the prop, and support of
kingly power. [Here Mr. C. addressed himself
to the Democratic side of the Chamber.] You de-
fend all its encroachments. You spurn the rights
of the country and of Congress. You decide that
the President shall put down the will of the peo-
ple; and you have nominated a man who stands
solemnly pledged before the convention, by his
letter of acceptance of your nomination, to veto the
will of the people, when expressed through their
representatives, on all great leading questions, in
any other way than as a mere faction may dictate.
By the action of a convention which the minority
was suffered to control, and which took only one
night to consider all the great questions of public
policy, your candidate is pledged to veto the vote
of the people, should even nine tenths of (hem de-
cide upon a repeal of the tariff of 1846, and a reen-
actment of that of 1842. Now, on this gtound,
is there any honorable free-trade man who wilt
hesitate to give his support to General Taylor?
Every honest Democrat—every native and every
naturalized citizen—can Bupport General Tay-
lor; and no one can accuse them of apostatiz-
ing from any political party to which they may
have been attached. I, as a Whig, can unite
with my fellow-citizens of the Democratic party
in support of General Taylor; and all I ask of them
is to be Republican in heart, and allow the will of
the people to govern; for that is the great principle
laid down by him in the Allison letter, and it tow-
ers infinitely above all other questions of party
ever made in this country. I cherish no unkind
personal feeling toward the distinguished gentle-
man whom the Democratic convention ndminated.
I have always entertained for him the highest re-
gard on account of the excellence of his private
character. But I am now reviewing his public
acts—not his private life. I have shown that, in-
stead of occupying Republican ground, he stands
precisely in the position maintained by Colonel
Hamilton and Mr. Wilson in the Federal Conven-
tion—pledged to sustain the ultra exercise of Ex-
ecutive power, and to veto and put down the will
of the nation on every subject upon which an ir-
responsible convention have had the effrontery to
dictate their arbitrary dogmas to the American
people. These men have thus set themselves up
above the Constitution, and usurped the legislative
power. They seek to control the appointment of
Chief Magistrate; and, like the Polish Diet, virtu-
ally to elect a monarch to ride and rule an abused
and insulted people.
Which, then, is the Republican party ? It is the
great national party, composed of Democrats,
naturalized citizens, native citizens, and Whigs—
patriotic men of all parties—who now constitute
the great Taylor party of the country. That is
the true Republican party: opposed to the down-
ward tendency of the Government in its adminis-
tration; anxious to avert its progress to monarchy;
and unless the principles of that party be sustained,
the liberties of the country must sooner or later
fall beneath the axe which has been laid to their
root by the proceedings of the interested and in-
triguing faction which has by turns muzzled, ca-
joled, and trampled upon the rights of the modern
Democracy. When, then, I call upon any man to
support General Taylor, I do not ask that he
should be merely a Whig or a Democrat, but a'
Republican—a Republican not merely by profes-
sion, but a Republican in heart and in deed.
The party leaders in the convention that intro-
duced this two-thirds rule, and thus cheated itself,
refusing to allow the majority to govern, have felt
already the consequences of their conduct. This
rule was introduced as a permanent principle of
the Democratic party in the convention of 1844,
and was a deliberate fraud upon Mr. Van Buren
and his friends. He went into the convention,
expecting that the will of the majority would be
allowed to control its action; and he received the
votes of a decided majority of that convention.
But the politicians—those jugglers who understood
the game which was to be played—so contrived
it that a majority could not control the action of
the convention. They deluded southern men by
the pretext, that as the North had a majority of
votes their institution of slavery was in danger,
and thus procured their aid to establish the rule
that a vote of two thirds was necessary to nomi-
nate the candidate. They thus rejected Mr. Van
Buren. And what has been the result? This po-
litical magician, as he was called, has applied his
magic touch to your party, and lo! it is crumbling
into dust! It is prostrate beneath his feet at this
moment. The splendid party fabric—the Regency
palace—which, by his wizard art, he erected in
the Empire State, has vanished like the morning
mist, or one of those dreamy mansions of which
we read in eastern tales, at the touch of one of
the genii. The vengeance of the man who was
thus defrauded and defeated, equals that of Ma^
zeppa, the Prince of Barnburners—
" For if we do but mark the hour,
There never yet was human power
That could evade, if unforgiven,
The patient search and vigil long
Of him who treasures up a wrong."
I say to gentlemen who now vainly attempt to
uphold this tottering fabric of progressive, aggres-
sive, and retrogressive Democracy, that on the
day on which you established that principle, and
overthrew the fundamental principle of all repub-
lican government, your destiny was sealed! From
that hour your doom was irretrievably fixed.
Nothing could or can save you from the fate that
awaits you. Nothing can save any party in this
country that shall dare ta establish such an un-
principled rule. The people may be humbugged
for a time; but when they have been allowed op-
portunity for reflection, and see a fraud perpe-
trated repeated and enjoined aB a principle, by
which the ri;ht of the majority is denied, the
shackles of party can bind them no longer. They
imbibed this sacred principle from their fathers;
they were taught it by their mothers amidst the
first lessons of their infancy; and they know that
without it their Government would be converted
into a government of pronunciamientos,and could
not exist an hour. Whig as I am, and ever have
been, I have no hesitation in declaring, that if the
Whig party were to assemble in convention to-
morrow and adopt such a principle, I would leave
them the moment I could address a letter to the
public.
The Senator also inquires what will General
Taylor do in reference to the sub-treasury and
the bank. I answer that General Taylor has
pledged himself, in the Allison letter, to let the
people govern. If they want this miserable sub-
treasury scheme, they will keep it. If they wish
to repeal it, he will interpose no veto upon the
exercise of their will. On the other hand, how
stands Lewis Cass, the champion of the Democ-
racy? He stands pledged to retain the sub-treas-
ury in spite of the will of the people. If three-fifths
of the people should come here demanding the re-
peal of the sub-treasury law, Mr. Cass would be
bound to trample upon that will. Which, then, is
the Republican ?—which the true Democrat ?
Mr. FOOTE. Will the gentleman bear with
me while I submit another question? Does he re-
gard the veto power as a conservative one, to be
retained? or as one to be struck out of the Consti-
tution? If to be retained, should it not be exer-
cised ?
Mr. CLAYTON. I am very glad that the hon-
orable gentleman has put this interrogatory. I
hold the veto power tof be a great conservative
power in the Constitution. I do not seek, nor do
the friends of General Taylor seek, to strike it
from the Constitution. We regard it as the fathers
of the Republic did—as a conservative power
to enable the Executive to defend itself, and to be
exercised precisely within the limitations laid
down by Madison and his associates. General
Taylor specifies the causes for which he will ap-
ply the veto.
I return now to the consideration of the ques-
tion of the currency and the national bank, at
which point the Senator interrupted the course of
my remarks. And I recur to the bank question
particularly, that this matter may be put to rest,
so far as is in my power, now and forever. I do
not know a man who supports General Taylor
that entertains the most remote idea of bringing
the question of a national bank before the Con-
gress of the Union. I do not know a Whig on
this side of the Chamber, or any where else, who
cherishes any idea of reviving that question. The
gentlemen on the other side will rattle the dry
bones of the old bank of the United States in our
faces; but they will, by doing so, only frighten the
men'of their own party who voted in Congress
for, and carried that bank charter; and they will at-
tempt in vain to ride any longer on their old polit-
ical hobby as an anti-bank party. Whatever
opinions we may have in regard to that great ques-
tion, we have all resolved that we will never re-
vive it. If the Democratic party want a bank of the
United States, let them move it. We on this side
of the Chamber know that a national bank could
be of no value to the country unless sustained by
the will of both the great parties of the country. I
am free to declare here the part which I took in ref-
erence to this question. I voted for the bank in
1832: (< duee—under your lead, sir; for you, Mr.
President, [Mr. Dallas,] were the chairman of the
committee that reported the bill. I only followed
that lead. We passed the bank bill with your as-
sistance, yourargument, influence, and vote. And
Jour aid extended much further; for when General
ackson vetoed it, you and I concurred in voting
against the veto! I will never deny the faith that
is in me. Ab 1 thought then I think now. And
the day will come when your Democracy will,
under the pressure of distress, cry aloud for an-
other bank; but no Whig will ever start that ques-
tion again. The question of a national bank
should be and will he allowed to remain at rest
until men of all parties shall seek to establish and
resolve to sustain it, by an unanimity which shall
place it above the reach of the demagogues who
will seek to destroy it
I am asked what General Taylor will do in re-
gard to internal improvements. That is a moat
