1848.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
433
30th Cong 1 st Sess. Review of the "Democratic PlatformSfc.—Mr. Mangum.
Senate.
it necessary to present flome interrogatories in re-
gard to the opinions of General Cass, because,
looking at the positions of the two gentlemen, it is
matter of interest to the people of the United States
that their views and opinions should be understood.
I have inquired the opinions of General Cass in
regard to internal improvements—the improving of
harbors in our great inland seas, and the removing
of obstructions in the Mississippi and its great
tributaries—and I have received no information
from the Senator, excepting the very general and,
to me, unsatisfactory statement, that General Cass
stands upon the provisions of the Constitution.
Passing from this subject to that which the Sen-
ator from Mississippi seems to regard as of the
very greatest interest at this period—that which is
termed the Wilmot proviso—I endeavored to as-
certain what were General Cass's views in rela-
tion to that subject, and was told by the Senator
that those views had been explicitly presented to
the country in a letter addressed to Mr. Nichol-
son, of Tennessee, and that there could be no
doubt in regard to them. I replied that I had riot
read that letter—I meant no disrespect, but, averse
to useless labor, I had waited for the last edition.
I have sat by aj a calm spectator; 1 have seen
waves of opinion followed by waves of opinion,
modified, reformed, and sometimes reversed; the
political phantasmagoria having just amused a
somewhat listless attention, as in boyhood one has
sat and watched summer evening's clouds in their
ever-varying and fantastic forms—their bodies of
shadow edged with brilliant sun-light—all unsub-
stantial and full of change. Imagine these waves,
in their eagle chase one after another, to be frozen
as suddenly as a flash of electricity, then you have
something you can steadily contemplate. So,
when General Cass, in his letter of acceptance of
his nomination for the Presidency by the Balti-
more Convention, announced that this Utter,
?entlemen, cloeea my profession of political faith,"
considered this last edition—" the Nicholson
letter"—as final, as stereotyped. As at our last
meeting on this subject, I received no light from
the Senator from Mississippi, but barely a refer-
ence to this letter, 1 have since read it and studied
it with care. I must regard it as definitely fixing
General Cass's position on this question. He de-
clines giving further snswer; this closes his " pro-
fession of political faith."
Let us examine this letter, and the principles
contained in it, with care and with candor. This
brings me to begin where [ left off the other day.
What are the views and principles of General Cass
on the matter of this proviso? My proposition—
one that I shall maintain beyond the possibility ofj
refutation, evasion, or escape; that I shall demon-
strate conclusively to every fair and unbiased ]
mind—is, that General Cass, in the " Nicholson
letter," has evaded the only " real issue" on this j
subject, and left the public wholly in the dark in
regard to his opinions. And hue, undoubtedly,
I shall be a little tedious, but 1 beg the Senate to
bear with me, as I mean to be particular and ex-
act.
To arrive at conclusions on this subject precise i
and satisfactory, it is necessary to have fixed in
the mind the exact and precise points in contro-
versy between the North and the South.
There is no controversy between the North and
South in relation to slavery as it exists in the
slaveholding States in the South and West. The |
North—I mean the whole North, with the excep- l
tion of that band of mad and wild fanatics who
would desecrate and destroy the Constitution to
accomplish the immediate abolition of slavery,
(and their numbers and their influence are believed j
to be smell and comparatively insignificant)—1 say |
the whole North—the intelligent, the wise, the pa-
triotic, the law-abiding and Constitution-loving peo-
ple of the North—are impressed with a deep sense
" that domestic slavery is one of the greatest of
evils, both moral and political." This conviction,
I cannot doubt, they honestly entertain; yet the
whole North, with the exception referred to, stands
upon the compromises of the Constitution upon
this subject. They occupy the ground taken by
Mr. Webster in his celebrated speech in reply to
Mr. Hayne, delivered in the Senate of the United
States, in January, 1830, to wit:
" There is not, and never has bean, in the North a dispo-
sition to interfere with these interests of the South. Such !
interference has never been suppogad to be within the power
of Government, nor has It been in any way attempted. The
slavery of the South has always been regarded as a matter
of domestic policy, left with the States themselves, and
with-which the Federal Government had nothing to do.
Certainly, sir, [said Mr. Webster,] I am, and ever have
been, of lhat opinion." "The domestic slavery of the
South 1 leave where I And it—in the hands of iheir own gov-
ernments. It is their affair, not mine."
These opinions are in exact accordance with the
plain meaning and intent of the Constitution of the
United States, and in exact conformity with the
opinions of a committee, consisting of six northern
men out of seven, in the House of Representatives,
to whom the subject was referred in 1790, and with
the resolve of that Bame House of Representatives,
passed in that year, in the following words:
" Resolved, That Congress have no authority to interfere
in the emancipation of slaves, or iB the treatment or them,
m any of the Slates, it remaining with the several Suites to
provide rules and regulations therein, which humanity and
true policy may require."
These are now the opinions of the North.
I have heard, in this Chamber, no opinion
avowed by any one—nor in the midst of the ex-
citements, and irritations, and jealousies arising
out of the annexation of Texas, nor out of the
Mexican war, which was supposed to be begun
and prosecuted with purposes of territorial acqui-
sition, have I heard, or heard of, any opinion ex-
pressed in this Chamber, or in the other branch of
j Congress, or in any other respectable quarter in
j the North, in opposition to, and in conflict with,
I the true and plain meaning of the resolution just
I referred to, or at variance with the clear and ex-
plicit remarks of Mr. Webster just cited.
There is, then, therefore, no controversy be-
tween the North and South in regard to slavery in
the States of this Union. When, therefore, Gen-
eral Cass, in his " Nicholson letter," avers that
the Federal Government has " neither the right
nor the power to touch it [slavery] where it ex-
ists" in Uie States, he does no more than avow an
opinion held in common by every Senator in this
Chamber. 1 regret not to see the Senator from
New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] in his seat. Were
he here, I should take the liberty of asking him
whether he dissents from the opinion of Mr. Cass; j
and I am sure his answer would be in the nega- '
tive, as I cannot be mistaken in my recollection of
having heard th« Senator from New Hampshire
avow that opinion on several occasions during the j
present session. '
What, then, is the "real issue" between the'
North and South? It is not in regard to slavery i
in the States. It is wholly and exclusively con- j
fined to slaves in the Territories belonging to the
people of the United States, and which Territories,
it is alleged, are held by this Government in trust
for the use and common benefit of the people of all
the States. The North, very geneiaily, are op-
posed to the extension of slavery, and particularly
to its introduction into territory where it has hith-
erto not existed—as, for instance, into Oregon and
the territory acquired by the late treaty with Mex-
ico: to wit, New Mexico and California. The
people of the North very generally assert the
power of Congress under the Constitution to apply
to those Territories the ordinance of 1787, (now
commonly called the Wilmot proviso,) applied to
, the territory northwest of the Ohio, to wit:
i " That there shall be neither slavery nor involun-
I 'tary servitude in either of the said Territories, (or
i ' States, when they shall become such,) otherwise
< than in punishment of crime, whereof the party
'shall have been convicted."
The South, on the contrary, very generally as-
sert that Congress has no power to legislate touch-
ing the Territories, the common property of all
the people of all the States, in such manner as to
exclude citizens of fifteen -States of the Union—the
slaveholding States—from emigrating to these
Territories with their slave property. The South,
it is believed, is not unanimous in the denial of the !
power of Congress; but approximate unanimity in
the assertion that such legislation, against the will
and without the assent of the South, would be fla-
grantly unjust or eminently inexpedient, for, say
they, territory acquired by « common sacrifice of i
blood and treasure, and held as the property of all, |
should not be so governed as to exclude the citi-
zens of one half the States of the Union unless
they sacrifice their property in their slaves.
This, then, is the real issue. No oae affirms
the proposition that Congress can interfere in any
way with slavery in those States where it now ex-
ists; nordo any dispute the power of a sovereign
State to introduce and establish slavery within her
limits, if it lie her sovereign will and pleasure to
do so. The real question is therefore confined to
the Territories. The question recurs, what are
General Cass's views on this subject? As far as
1 have been able to trace the history of his opin-
ions, 1 find that some two years ago he was openly,
avowedly, and zealously a Wilmot proviso man.
His declarations were strong and unreserved in this
Chamber, not in speeches but in conversations
publicly held with gentlemen of all shades of party
politics. The declarations of the Senator from New
Jersey [Mr. Miller,] made this day, are full and
I conclusive to that point. They are but the repe-
tition of declarations made in the presence of Gen-
eral Cass on a former occasion, in this Chamber
j and in public debate, emphatically invoking his
attention, and meeting neither denial, explana-
tion, nor apology. That they are accurately
stated is strongly confirmed by the admission of
j General Cass, in his " Nicholson letter," that "he
I was strongly impressed with the opinion that a
| great change had been going on in the public mind
! upon this subject; in his own as well as others."
I The next historiuil trace that 1 find is in Gen-
eral Cass's vote upon the three million bill in the
winter of 1847. He voted against the proviso;
and I find that his biographer, in " a sketch of his
life and public services," printed in June, 1848,
treats the subject so as to leave room for a fair in-
ference that he voted against it, not because he
was opposed to the principle, but because it was
out of place in that bill. The biographer says:
" The Wilmot proviso was introduced into the Senate as
an amendment to the three million bill by a Federal Sen-
ator from New England. The design of the mover was ev-
I idently to defeat the bill to which it was to be attached,
and to embarrass the administration in the prosecution of
| the war. General Cass voted against the proviso for reasons
! given in his speech on the occasion."
I have not found any published speech on that
| occasion. He, however, had evidently somewhat
cooled down his fiery zeal, if he had not to some
i extent modified his earlier opinion. The next and
final trace of General Cass's views is to be found
in the " Nicholson letter;" and what is that?
1st. That Congress cannot touch the subject of
slavery in the States. Messrs Giddings, Hale,
and all agree with him in that.
2d. In respect to the Territories he says:
" Briefly, then, [ am opposed to the exercise of jurisdic-
i tion by Congress over this matter, and I am in favor of ieav-
1 iiig to the people or any Territory which may be hereafter
i acquired the right to regulate it for themselves, under the
general principles of the Constitution; because I do not see
in the Constitution any grant of the requisite power to Con-
gress."
Upon a hasty or careless reading of the jbrego-
ing, General Cass would seem to stand side by
side with southern men and to have adopted the
prevailing opinion of the South. But it is not so.
It is manifest evasion; and why? Because, under
our system and unvarying practice, a territorial
council or legislature can be created only by act of
Congress in the form of an organic law. The
territorial government can do nothing unless by the
assent of Congress previously or subsequently
given. Yet General Cass is "in favor of leaving
to the people of any territory" this great question.
He cannot leave it to the people of the territory;
and why? Because they cannot act unless upon
authority first .given by Congress, and that act of
Congress must be approved by the President.
Can General Cass, as President, approve such an
act of Congress ? Not at all; and why ? Because
he declares lie is "opposed to the exercise of
jurisdiction by Congress over the matter;" that he
does " not see in the Constitution any grant of the
requisite power to Congress." Or, secondly, the
people of the Territory cannot act, unless with the
subsequent Approval of Congress.
Take New Mexico: Their territorial govern-
ment abolishes and prohibits slavery, the Congress
of the United States concurs, and the act goes to
the President. What would General Cass do in
such a case? Suppose the opposite: New Mexico
recognizes and establishes slavery, Congress con-
curs, and the act goes to the President. What,
in this case, would General Cass do? In both, or
either, he must meet the acta with his veto; and
why? Because, in his opinion, Congress has no
New Series—No. 28.
