434
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 3,
30th Cong 1st Sess. Review of the "Democratic Platformfyc.—Mr. Mangum.
Senate.
jurisdiction over the matter, and of course he can-
not approve an act having no warrant in the Con-
stitution. What, then, is the consequence of these
opinions of General Cass? It is that every act of
a people of a Territory, whether affirmatively or
negatively, on the subject of slavery, must be an-
nulled by the President's veto. What beautiful
confusion will arise out of this masterly states-
manship! Sir, a gentleman must be hard pushed
when driven to such a resort; the responsibility
must, in his mind, be fearful, when he shuns a
question of such magnitude by throwing upon the
people of New Mexico (and such a people!) the
definitive settlement of these questions—they hav-
ing no power to settle them—questions that are
said almost to shake the pillars of this glorious
Union.
But suppose the people of New Mexico had the
power to settle these questions: with whdt admira-
tion must we contemplate the profound wisdom
and consummate statesmanship of General Cass
in devolving upon such a people the adjustment of
these great stirring and agitating questions ! Who
and what are the people of New Mexico? The
entire population is either black or mixed—the
black with Indians or the original peons, the moot
abject, degraded and debased race in all Mexico—
in morals scarcely above the brutes; in intelligence
depressed to nearly the lowest point of rational
creatures. In the whole of New Mexico—of course
including Santa Fe—1 have been informed by the
Senator from Missouri [Mr. Benton] that but a
single while man was resident at the opening of
the war. I need not say to this Senate that the
Senator from Missouri is perhaps the very best-in-
formed man in this body upon all matters concern-
ing New Mexico and California. And yet to
these people and to this population General Cass
would leave the adjustment of these difficult mat-
ters, thalare to endure not only fur tins genera-
tion but in all future time. Is it because they are
better judges in these matters than those who oc-
cupy these halls of Congress, or the people of this
Union? Or is it because it is the only device by
which a gentleman rather hard pressed by a dan-
gerous question can escape responsibility? It is a
most bungling device; it deceives no one. The
Tery boys in the streets would laugh it to scorn.
Mr. HANNEGAN. Do I understand the hon-
orable Senator to say that Mr. Cass, if elected
President, can take no other course in accordance
with the principles contained in his letter, man to
veto the Wilmot proviso if it should be adopted
by Congress?
Mr. MANGUM. He can take no4other course
if he follow the principles laid down in his letter;
and, moreover, veto everything done by Congress
or the Territories either in favor of or against
slavery.
Mr. HANNEGAN. Does the Senator from
North Carolina urge that as an objection ?
Mr. MANGUM. That is another question.
We have^been taunted with supporting acandi-
date who has no opinions on the subject, or, at
least, without knowing what his opinions are. 1
meet that taunt by showing that General Cas3
stands exactly nowhere upon the subject; and,
although our southern friends are flattering them-
selves with the idea that we are to get a President
who is not hostile to the South, they are, in point
of fact, laboring under a delusion. Mr. Cass has
not committed himself at all upon this question.
But General Cass stands not only upon this letter,
but also upon the " platform" of the Democratic
party, as laid down by the Baltimore Convention.
Let us examine that and General Cass's con-
nection with it, to ascertain whether anything ap-
pears there,to extricate him from mysticism.
In the first place I will read from Mr. Cass's
letter of acceptance, to show that all the dogmas
and canons of his party, as set forth in "that
platform, are by him fully and unreservedly rec-
ognised and adoped. He says:
"I have carefully read the resolutions of the Democratic
National Convention, laying down the platform of our polit-
ical fai:h, and I adhere to them as firmly as I approve ihem
cordially."
Now let us see what this platform is. I may
■ay, in advance, in pretty nearly the language of
an ingenious and gifted friend of mine, that all the
principles and dogmas contained in it may, with
sufficient accuracy for all practical purposes, be
j referred to three classes: 1st, affirmations that
1 nobody denies; 2d, negations, that no one contro-
verts; 3d, resolutions and declarations that no
one believes. 1 think it probable that my inge-
nious friend would refer to the last class all those
resolutions and avowals of confidence in the capa-
city, firmness, integrity, energy, ability, and wis-
dom of this Administration, so signally displayed
in all our affairs, at home anil abroad. The truth
is, it consists of little more than barren generali-
ties, high-sounding professions, and ingeniously
turned periods, in which it is as difficult to find
anything precise, explicit, and exact as it is to as-
certain General Cass's opinions upon the Wilmot
proviso.
J But to the platform. I will read the 7th canon,
i It is in these words:
" Thai Congress has no power under the Cons itu'ion to
in eitere Willi or control ihe domestic insti'iitions of ihe
several States, and that such States are the sole and proper
judges of everything appeitatiiuig io iheir own affairs, not
prohibit! I>v the Constitu ion; dial all effor's of die alioli-
ttonisis and oilier*, inide to induce Congress to in'erlVre
with ques ions of slavery, or to tah" incipient step* in rela-
tion thereto, arc calculated to lead to tile most alarming
and dangerous consequences; and that all such elfor s have
an inevitable tendency to diminish ihe happiness of i he peo-
ple and endanger ihe stability and permanencv of the Union,
and ought not to be countenanced by any tnend oi our po-
litical institutions."
It will be remembered that this is a precise copy
of the canon of 1844, and that again of the canon
of 1840. The Democratic party has professed
steadily and consistently for eight years the prin-
ciples contained in this canon. I feel, therefore,
bound in justice to retract something of what 1
said the other day of the progressive Democracy
calling in every six months or bo their political j
architects to construct a new platform, as the
old one became too narrow or otherwise unfit for
their incessant shiftings and chjnjes, gyrations,
marchings and counter-marchings in their political
drama. One reads this canon with a sort of ad-
miration! It is so precise, so explicit, so peculiar
to the party! And then it is so catholic, so national,
so conservative, so patriotic! Can any one who i
loves his country feel less than respect and grati-
tude to the Democratic party, which spreads so
broad a shield over the domestic institutions of the
South? Why cannot the Whig party cherish a
like comprehensive patriotism? Why leave to the
Democratic party the exclusive merit of guarding
our southern hearths and firesides—of protecting
the weaker sex or sleeping infancy in the silent
watches of the night from the torch of the incendi-
ary anil the knife of the assassin? Why cannot
the Whigs come and stand upon this platform ?
The Democratic answer is ready: it is our
ground, not Whig ground; it is a part of the pure
1 Democracy; it is ours, wholly ours, exclusively
ours, and peculiar to us and to our creed. Let us
see.
I find in the Journal of the House of Representa-
tives of the first session of the Twenty-eighth
Congress, page 476, that Mr. Campbell, on the
26th Febuuary, 1844, moved the following resolu-
tions:
"Resolved, That justice and sound policy forbid the Fed-
eral Government to foster one branch of industry .o the
detriment of another, or to cherish the interests of one por-
tion to the injury of another portion of our common coun-
try; lhat every citizen of every seeiion of the country has
a ruthi to demand and insist upon an equality ot rights and
privileges, and 10 a complete and ample protection ol per-
sons and property from domes.ic violence or foreign aggres-
sion-
" Resolved, That Congress has no power, under the Con-
stitution, to interfere wnh or control the domestic insula-
tions of the several States; and that such States are ihe sole
and proper judges of eveiything apperiaining 10 their own
! affairs, not prohibited by the Constitution; that all efforls of
the abolitionists or oihers, made to induce Congress to inter-
fere with questions of slavery, or to lake incipient steps in
relation thereto, are calculated to lead to me most alarming
and dangerous consequences; and that all such efforts have
an inevitable tendency lo diminish the happiness of the peo-
ple and endanger the stability and permanency of the
Union, and ought not to be countenanced by any friend of
our political institutions."
It will be perceived that these resolutions are
identical, word for word, with the fourth and sev-
enth canons of this vaunted Democratic platform;
that the first resolution, which is identical with the
fourth canon, contains the peculiar doctrine of the
Democratic party on the subject of " black and
abominable tariffs;" and it contains the whole of
their doctrine, which they boast as theirs exclu-
sively. The resolutions were divided, and the
vote was taken upon the first part of the firBt reso-
lution, in the words following:
" Resolved, That justice and sound policy forbid the Fed-
eral Government to loster one branch ol industry to the det-
riment of ano.her, or to cherish the interests of one portion
to ihe injury ol another portion of our cauiinon country.'1
What do you suppose, Mr. President, was the
vote oil this question? You suppose, of course,
that none but Democrats voted for it. It being a
part of the fourth canori of the Democratic plat-
form, is, tl^frefore, peculiar to the party. But the
Journal tells a different tale. The vote stood—yeas
166, nays 4. The entire Whig party, with the
exception of four, voting for this conclusive Dem-
ocratic doctrine.
The question was then put on the remainder of
the first resolution, in these words:
"That every citizen of every section of Ihe country has
a right to demand and insist U|H>n ari equality of rights and
privilege^ and to a eoinpie e and ample protecnon of per-
son and properly from domestic violence or foreign aggres-
sion."
Upon this question, this exclusive Democratic
doctrine, strange to tell, the vote was unanimous—
yeas 179, nays 0. So much for this resolution.
Does not every one see that it is couched in terms
so general, so inexact, so unspecific, that no one
can find a ground for disagreement. This, per-
haps, should excite the surprise of no one. A
party so progressive, so full of change, so perpet-
ually tossed on the waves of excitement and of fac-
tion, ought to leave themselves sufficient "sea-
room." It is provident, as being politic; it is com-
mendable.
Mr. POOTE. I would like to ask the Senator
a question, if he would allow me. I wish to know
if he did not understand that the tariff of 1842 was
a Whig measure; and, secondly, if he believes that
the Whigs in two years discarded their former
doctrine >
Mr. MANGUM. As to the firRt question,
whether the Whigs voted for the tariff of '42, I
say I think they did generally. But it was not a
regularly formed bill; it was truncated. And as to
the Becond question, I say I do not think that their
doctrines underwent any change, but, on the con-
trary, that they were steadfast and firm in their
principles in regard to this subject. What I meant,
and what I mean, I have already indicated. It is
that this platform, so gravely exhibited, is unwor-
thy of respect; if he be not mischievous it is at
least ridiculous, as putting forth nothing that any
sensible man will seriously controvert. If it have
not the merit of meeting the universal acceptance,
it has not the dignity of provoking the slightest
serious opposition.
Mr. FOOTE. I wish to state the fact, if the Sen-
ator will allow me, and 1 am sure he does not wish
to deal unfairly with us, that if he will consult the
National Intelligencer and all the leading Whig
papers for the year 1844, he will find that in ac-
cordance with the declarations of the distinguished
Senator from Massachusetts, and the distinguished
Senator from Delaware, and of the eloquent and
distinguished exponent of the Whig principles,
Henry Clay himself, in 1844 the issue between the
two great political parties was whether the tariff of
'42 should be retained or not. Now, the question
I desire to put is, does he or does he not recognize
the tariff of '42 as a regularly-agreed-upon meas-
ure of the great Whig party of that period ? If
he answers affirmatively, then 1 have only to say
that, as the two parties harmonized in 1844, a
great change must have taken place in the Whig
party. There is not now, I am sure, a Whig who
dares to speak in terms of respect of the tariff of
'42.
Mr. MANGUM. The Senator is mistaken in
hia last remark—wholly mistaken. In regard to
the tariff of '42 being an issue between the parties
in the Presidential election of '44, I think it was
very generally so in the southern States and 111
some other quarters. It certainly was not so in
the great State of Pennsylvania; for, besides hav-
ing passed by the vote of her favorite son, Mr.
Buchanan, I have heard from undoubted sources—
and you, Mr. President, can correct me if 1 err—
that the battle-cry of the Democratic leaders in the
Keystone was the " tariff of '42;" " Polk, Dallas,
and the tariff of '42" was thrown to the breeze on
many a Democratic banner, it gave ornament and
attraction, in glaring capitals, to many a Demo-
cratic placard; it was embalmed in poetry and
