1848.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
435
30th Cong 1st Sess. Review of the "Democratic Platform" Sfc.—Mr. Mangum.
Senate.
Democratic song} and it was commended in enthu-
siastic and burning eloquence by Democratic ora-
tors to throngs of thousands and tens of thousands
of Democratic voters, whose responsive enthusi-
asm burst out in shouts loud, long, and yet pro-
longed, of huzza, huzza for " Polk, Dallas, and
the tariff of '42!"
Nor do i yet Ruppose it was an issue in the
State of New York. The late Silas Wright, the
first favorite of the State, had voted for it. He
was brought forward by the Democracy for the
first office in the State in 1844, and was elected. I
can hardly think the Democracy much denounced
that tariff while enthusiastically supporting its
•blestadvocate. Sir, the Senator must remember
the " Kane letter." That tells the whole tale. It
was not designed to be an issue in the regions
where that letter was most circulated. Sir, let me
remark as to that tariff that, before it was passed,
the ship of State was aground, the national fisc
was paralyzed; this vast country, with its vast
resources, was as powerless as a stranded whale;
the emissaries of an exhausted and hungry Treas-
ury were hawking its credit at every money-
counter in America and in Europe; they were
repulsed empty-handed, with contempt, with scorn,
or with derision; every proud American felt the
humiliation as a brand burning into the bone. The
tariff was passed—the whole scene was changed.
Public credit was reestablished, business read-
justed, and a sudden spring given to the prosperity
of the country wholly unparalleled. 1 am not now
going into that subject.
Let me return to the next resolution and the
seventh canon of the platform.
The question then recurred on the first clause of
the second resolution, in these words:
" Reeoieed, That Coogren bas no power under Ihe Con-
stitution io interfere with or control the domestic institu-
tions of ihe several Slates, and ihat such Slates are the sole
and proper judges of everything appertaining to their own
affair* not prohibited by the Constitution."
This clause passed by a vote of 151 yeas, to 2
nays. I find that Messrs. Giddings, John P. Hale,
Preston King, and every other northern man save
two, voted for this clause of the canon set forth in
the Democratic platform as being ofsuch potency
to protect and preserve the slave institutions of the
South.
The question was then put on the resolution, in
these words:
" That all efforts of the abolitionists or others made to in-
duce Congress to interfere with fuetitoni of tlavery, or to
take incipient ilept in relation thereto, are calculated to lead
to the most alarming and dangerous consequences; and that
all such efforls have an inevitable tendency to diminish the
happiness of ihe people, and endanger the stability and per-
manency of the Union, and ought not io be countenanced
by any friend of our political institutions."
This clause also passed—yeas 128, nays 23, by
the vote of the great mass of the Whig party, and
so little was this regarded as anything peculiar and
exclusive, and so unmeaning was it deemed that 1
find among the yeas the names of John P. Hale,
Preston King, as well as others, Whigs and
Democrats, that are known to entertain feelings J
of deep hostility to the institutions of slavery. If ,
such be the merits of tne Democratic platform
upon the two great questions, the tariff and sla-
very, its value upon minor questions may be easily
estimated. '
I return to General Cass and the Wilmot pro- \
viso. The " Nicholson letter" leaves us in the j
dark. The platform holds nothing to aid us. The '
Senator from Mississippi stands mute, or speaks in
oracles as unintelligible and as incomprehensible as j
are the opinions of General Cass himself. Embar-
rassed as I am, and utterly at a loss how further to
proceed in these hitherto unavailing inquiries, it is j
barely possible that 1 hold in my hand what may
show that I am engaged in a wild-goose chase, !
that I am in search of the philosopher's stone, that I ,
am vainly attempting tograsp an evanescent shadow
—in short, that I am looking for an opinion where j
none exists, or if it exists it lies hidden in the deep, jl
dark, and silent recesses of the mind that formed i!
it. It is a very, curious thing that I am about to ' i
present to our friends of the Democratic party. !
Mr. President, do you. recollect anything of the ,!
" Kane letter?" The fruits of that letter were so ,
perfectly miraculous—the electing of a man who
in his wildest mood had never dreamed of such
elevation over the head of the foremost man of the
age—I say, such were the fruits, that a bold, reck-
less, sagacious, i will not say unscrupulous party,
would not be likely to abstain from the use of like
means, when working heart and soul for a like
result. No, sir. Here is a second edition of the
" Kane" principle. Principles, says the Senator
from Mississippi, are indestructible, eternal. I
suppose that may be true, whether good or bad.
The latter, in the hands of skillful, adroit, and
unprincipled tacticians, are capable of an infinite
variety of applications, and with a little ambidex-
terity such as that which once appeared in a " Kane
letter," may be revived as at once ornamental and
useful in the life of a distinguished statesmen. 1 , sleeping or waking, always went for
hold in my hand " A Sketch of the Life and Public * ' "
Services of General Lewis Cass."
I hold in the
| other"A Sketch of the Life and Public Services
j of General Lewis Cass."
i Mr. FOOTE. Where were they published ?
!' Mr. MANGUM. They were published at the ]
; Congressional Globe office, Jackson Hall, D. C. '
Price fifty cents per hundred copies. j]
Mr. FOOTE. Will the Senator inform me
, where he obtained them? |:
Mr. MANGUM. It is sufficient that 1 have ;
them. The Globe office will not dare deny their i
I publication there; their types speak the truth, and, |
I if needs be, there is other evidence at hand. One I
of the pamphlets has written upon it " North," ;
the other'• South." One is evidently designed for j
a northern latitude and the other for a southern.
1 The one, as I suppose, designed for the North,
: contains on the last page an eloquent outburst of
Mr. Cass on the Mexican war, in reply to some 1
poor remarks of mine. I will not detain the Sen- '
ate by reading them, as we have all been thrilled
: and electrified by them heretofore. It contains
j also on the same page a long extract from a speech
delivered by Mr. Cms, at Odd Fellows' Hall, in
I this city, at a meeting held to express the sympa-
thies of the American people with the people of
France upon the result of the late French revolu-
tion. It also has on the same page an account of
Mr. Cass's nomination for the Presidency, with
some remarks upon his qualifications, public ser-
vices, his age, his virtues, and his manners, but
not one word on the " Wilmot proviso." On the
preceding page there is a very slight notice of;
Mr. Cass's vote on the three million bill in the i
winter of 1847, and againBt the attaching of the ,
proviso to that bill from which the inference is I
fair and plain that he voted against it because it 1
was out of place there, and for that reason only, i
Theother pamphlet, designed, as I suppose, for the [
South, has on the last page the same remarks by :
Mr. Cass In reply to me; nothing upon the subject !'
of the French revolution. But the " Wilmot J
proviso," and his opinions on it, are strongly and
impressively noted by the biographer, with a com-
mentary calculated to mislead the public, utterly 11
false in its reasoning and conclusion, as I trust I
have conclusively shown in a preceding portion of i i
my remarks. The pamphlets are in all other re- !
spects, as far as I have been able to see, identical— i
precisely alike. I read what is found in this pam-
phlet for the South on the " Wilmot proviso." It
is as follows: j
Mr. FOOTE. Does the meaning conflict?
Mr. MANGUM. The meaning of the two is
not at all coincident. They do not approximate
each other on the " proviso;" there is no simili-
tude on that subject; there is manifest incongruity,
and I think, antagonism. In the pamphlet for the
North, General Cass is represented as voting
against the " proviso" because offered by a Fed-
eral Senator from New England with a view of
embarrassing the Administration in a vigorous
prosecution of the war. We all know that Gen-
eral Cass, tn season and out of season, whether
vigorous
prosecution of the war." Why, 1 can almost
fancy that I now see the late Senator Cass rising
from his seat, with his good-natured face slightly
touched with a shade of anxiety, and moving " the
postponement of the previous order, and to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the ten regiment bill;"
and, if opposed, I can almost see the slight air of
bustle very slightly tinging, I do not say detracting,
from his bearing, invariably courteous and gentle-
manlike.
Mr. HANNEGAN. Will the Senator allow
i me two or three words, as I have been notified
| that, at the close of his speech, another bill will be
< called up, end I shall not then have an opportu-
i nity of making arty observations? I trust the
Senator will not, for one moment, suppose that
either General Cass or any friend of his would ever
countenance the publication of documents for one
region of country different from those published
for another. I know not whence these two docu-
ments proceeded, nor by whose authority th'ey
were published, but 1 am authorized to assure the
honorable Senator that the Congressional commit-
tee, appointed to prepare and publish documents,
have nothing to do with anything of the kind: on
the contrary, they have unanimously and expressly
declared that no document should go out with
their authority that was not intended for each and
every part of the Union. Can the Whig party
make a similar declaration ?
Mr. MANGUM. I am not at all surprised at
any sensibility that is exhibited by the Senator
from Indiana. I should feel it myself. But I
have advanced no charge against General Cass
that he had any participancy in any such medi-
tated fraud. Nor have I any reason to believe
that such is the case. As to what gentlemen
may do in this House or the other, I know noth-
ing. I do know, however, that here is a plain,
palpable case of meditated fraud, one of great enor-
mity, seeking to mislead and delude the people
upon matters of the highestdelicacy and the great-
est importance to their interests.
While your jails and penitentiaries groan with
culprits convicted of " false pretences and frauds"
in trifling pecuniary matters, what ought to be
done with the vile malefactor who, by flagitious
frauds like this, cheat the people, not out of a few
shillings, but out of their dearest rights, in mat-
ters touching their private happiness and the pub-
lic prosperity ?
Here are the pamphlets. I hand them over to
the gentlemen to examine, hoping they may be
" in December, 1847, General Cass gave his views at ji sble to investigate the fraud, trace it to its source,
   ... .....  - ,. .   . J   .I  :i... I—:.  L.:~ i.: .1: i    .i
leng'h upon the ' Wilmot proviso,' in a letter to Mr. Nich-
olson, of Tennessee. In that leuer he avowed himself op-
posed to the measure, and to the exercise of any legislation
by Congress over any of the territories of the U luted States,
respecting the domestic relations of their inhabitants. He
bflit-vrd Ihat all questions of that nature should be settled
by the people themselves, who ought to be allowed ' to reg-
ulate their internal concerns in their own way,' imd thai
Congress has no more power to abolish or establish slavery
in such territories tlihii it has to regulate any niher ot the
relative dutie* of social life—that of husband and wife, of
parent and child, or of master and servant. He says, in
conclusion: 'The Wilmot proviso seeks to take from its
legitimate tribunal a question of domestic policy, hiving no
relation to the Union, as such,and io transfer it io another,
created by the people,for a special purp< se, and foieign to
the subject-ma'ter invnlved in this issue. By going buck
to our true principles, we go back to the road of peace and
safrMy. Leave to the people who will be affected by ihis
question, to adjust it upw their own responsibility and in
thcirown manner, and we shall render another tribute to
the original principles of our Government, and furnish an-
other guarantee for its permanence and prosperity.1"
Mr. FOOTE. Does the Senator charge that
there is any repugnancy or conflicting principles
in the two pamphlets?
Mr. MANGUM. They do not come in con-
flict; for one takes the road directly to the North,
the other the shortest cut for the South.
drag-the guilty culprit from his hiding-place, and
expose him and his infamy to the scorn, the hisses,
and the contempt of the public.
Mr. FOOTE. The letter of General Cass re-
specting the Wilmot proviso was written as early
as December—long anterior to the French meet-
ing; and I would ask the Senator, as a candid
man, if it is not reasonable that the friends of Gen-
eral Cass should desire to promulgate hii views
and opinions in regard to the French revolution;
and whether that is not sufficient?
Mr. MANGUM. I certainly think it would be
very proper, in a life of General Cass published as
late as June, 1848, that a reference should be made
to his views upon the late French revolution. They
could not have been referred to in the March edi-
tion. But I do not see the propriety of excluding
from the June pamphlet all the matter contained in
the March edition upon the "Wilmot proviso"—
a question so widely agitating and deeply dividing
the public opinion.
I cannot conceive how the biographer should
have d eemeda sympathizing speech of more mo-
men to the public, in a, sketch of the life of a can-
didate for the Presidency, than his views upon a
