438
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[1850.
31st Cong 1st Sess.
The Texas Boundary—Mr. Bennett.
Ho. of Reps.
that would take the one for General Cass, or the
other for General Taylor. I have always heard,
and readily believe, that General Cass is unex-
ceptionable and kind in his domestic relations.
Why, sir, his very children would not recognize
the portrait that the Senator—who is a skillful
artist—has painted for their kind, affectionate, and
dearly-beloved father. And again, those children
—some of them I have known as models in excel-
lence and accomplishment—who affectionately
wear in their inmost heart the image of their dear
father, would see almost as little resemblance be-
tween that image and the portrait by the Missis-
sippi artist, as we see between his Hyperion and
his Satyr.
But what shall I say of the portrait of General
Taylor? Would his children recognize it ? No,
sir; no. They might look upon it as the picture
of a low, vulgar, ragamuffin deserter, who had just
returned from the wars. Sir, the artistical skill of
the Senator reminds me of a vulgar story that I
have seen or heard somewhere of the Dutchman's
horse, painted at first with masterly and exquisite
skill, and exhibited in public with paints and
brushes at hand for all the amateurs—the judges
of horse flesh—just to touch and alter, so as to
exhibit a perfect animal. The amateurs (they
were doubtless Democrats of the genus Locofoco)
went to work. One elongated the ears; another—
but you know the story. At length a nondescript
was produced, and but for "hoise" written under,
none could have known whether it was ass, lion,
or horse. The Senator first works at the ears,
(that is instinct—Democratic instinct,)but he should
recollect that the merest dauber might make an asa
of Bucephalus—the proud Bucephalus thatspurned
any nderbutthe master of the world. I would com-
mend the next efforts to be made upon the mane, and
if he can paint a few pearly "dew drops" on the
said mane, he may have awakened in his mind an
ideaof the noble and powerful animal before which |
the Democracy trembles, and trembling, will fly.
Sir, to be serious, this studied disparagement of
General Taylor need not and ought not to excite a
feeling of indignation. The ravings of despair are
objects of commiseration, not of resentment.
They can do no harm. The people of this coun-
try have sense, they have sagacity, they have
judgment. They are better judges of men,and the ;
worth of men, as I verily believe, than even this
Senate. I mean no disparagement of this body—
■which for talent, virtue, and patriotism may not
shrink from a comparison with any other. But 1
mean the people live, move, and have their being
in a clear, pure, and calm atmosphere; no cliques, no
passions, no prejudices, no artificial standards, no
personal interests, strong as we have, to bias and
thwart strong, sound, plain, common sense. No,
sir, this studied—1 must think—ungenerous dispar-
agement can do no harm. I have no purpose to
eulogize General Taylor. It would be as offensive
to his simple tastes and delicate sense of self-re-
spect as it would be unbefitting me. I am not by
nature strung and tuned to give out the music of
eulogy and encomium to men in power or to be in
power. It is not my wont; to me it would be a
new vocation. Sir, I leave him in his simple dig-
nity and grandeur of character—"when unadorned
adorned the most." Would you have the Venus de
Medici furbelowed and flounced in the tinselled
finery of modern millinery? Would you have the
statue of Hprcules crowned with a tawdry cap and
feathers ? Would you have me weave garlands
for the pinnacles of the Sierra Mad re, that lift their
heads and bathe their naked brows in sunlight far
above the region of the clouds? Given down to
immortality as they are in history, in poetry, and
in song, by the associated glories of the hero of
Monterey and Buena Vista, I leave them in their
simple grandeur. The people well know how to
estimate him. His strong sense, fine sagacity, and
unerring judgment—firmness of purpose, incor-
ruptible integrity, and his open, downright frank-
ness and honesty of heart—firm and fearless as it
is kind and humane. His exDansive views—look-
ing to the whole country as his country, and
every part of the country as his part of the coun-
try—knowing no partisan cliques or mere section-
al interests—planting himself upon the Constitution
and the whole Constitution, and serving the people
and the whole peopic. All this the people know
wsll.
Sir, I shall support General Taylor, and support
him cordially, as the true representative of all the
great conservative characteristics of the Whig
party. 1 shall support him as a man of peace—as
opposed to alt wars of conquest—as opposed to
that rapacious policy that would pick a quarrel
with a neighbor, and then seize his goods. 1 sup-
port him for his sound constitutional views in re-
gard to the relative duties of the respective depart-
ments of the Government. King Veto will not be
putin chains, but confined to his proper sphere.
He will not be permitted, as a marauder, to make
forays upon every department of the Government,
and upon every public and pri /ate interest. I sup-
port him also because I believe he will suffer the
will of the people to become the law of the people
within constitutional limits; because I believe that
things that lie before us in the unknown future may
be of vastly more magnitude than all the transient
party questions of the day; and because 1 have
confidence in his moderation and good sense—
above all, in his moderation and right-mindedness.
If I have learned anything in public life, it is that
pure intentions and single-inindeduess, with strong
good sense, are worth more thant he most splendid
abilities and the largest experience without them.
It would besad were it otherwise. He who seeks
what isright, and seeks it with singleness of mind,
will rarely miss it. What care 1 whether General
Taylor can or cannot play at a game of sophisms
with expert and dextrous political dialecticians?
What care I whether he can, with "metaphysical
scissors,"
"Sever and divide
A hair 'Uvixt north and northwest side
What care 1 whether he has exact and precise
views (do we all have them ?) upon many of the
transient and unimportant questions of the day?
Might not Washington have been worried in polit-
ca! metaphysics—say the resolutions of'93 and '99
—by many a knight of the green bag, scarce out of
his "teens?" and one, too, who would not have
been intrusted by his neighbor with the trial of a
cause of the value of one hundred dollars? And
yet the people intrusted in the hands of that same
Washington the^ionor.the safety, and glory of this
great Republic. Were they unwise?
What I do care to know is, that his views are
moderate, conservative, national—all tending to
peace, to wholesome and gradual development
and progress. He who has learned by experience
the miseries and horrors of war, if he be a good
man, will generally be the most strenuous advocate
of peace as long as peace can be preserved with
national honor. Who so pacific as Washington ?
Who could have curbed the wild passions and pre-
served peace during the frenzy of the first French
revolution but Washington? Whoso powerful
an advocate of peace on the continent of Europe as
he whostruggledona hundred battle-fields—Souli?
Who has done so much to preserve the peace of
Europe as Wellington, the conqueror of Napoleon?
And Taylor, with equal virtue, equal moderation,
and equal bravery, will act upon the wise maxims
of peace.
THE TEXAS BOUNDARY.
SPEECH OF MR. BENNETT, !;
OP NEW YORK. jj
[Amendment, and remarks prepared at the time, j
by Mr. Bennett, of New York, on the Texas j!
Boundary Bill, which he was then prevented j
from submitting to the House, by the order for
the previous question—not received in time for
publication in the last volume, and therefore in-
serted here.] :
mr. Bennett's amendment.
Strike out the proposed boundaries of Texas, and insert: i
First. The State of Texas will agree that her boundary '
on the west and north shall be as follows : Beginning at the \
mouth of the Rio Bravo del Norte, thence running up the I
channel of said river to the town of El Paso; thonee run-
ning a due east line, upon the boundary line claimed by 1
New Mexico, to the meridian of 100° west from Greenwich;
thence running due nitrth, upon the boundary line claimed
by New Mexico, along said meridian to the point where it
crosses the Red river, being the southwest angle in the line
designated between tile United States and Mexico, and the
same angle in the line of territory set apart for the Indians
by tile United States.
mr. Bennett's reasons for its adoption.
This amendment is to strike out the boundaries
of Texas as contained in the Senate bill, and in-
sert a boundary conforming to that claimed by the
people of New Mexico, and one which will not
invade any part of the territory as now claimed
by them. If adopted, of course it will be satis-
factory to New Mexico; and if accepted by Texas
must also be satisfactory to her; and if not ac-
cepted, it is of no force or effect, leaving to all
parties the same rights they now have.
New Mexico, in her boundaries adopted by her
State convention, and prescribed in her constitu-
tion, has been very liberal to Texas. In the hope,
doubtless, of meeting less opposition to her admis-
sion as a State, she has yielded to Texas a terri-
tory , within the true and ancient boundaries of
New Mexico, of about three hundred miles in a
straight line upon the Rio Grande, and nearly six
hundred miles taking the course of that river: con-
taining a territory south of her southern line as
now claimed, lying between the western bounda-
ries of Texas and the Rio Grande, nearly twice as
large as the State of New York. That is, assum-
ing the western boundary of Texas to be as laid
down by Humboldt and Pike, and as insisted
upon by the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Ben-
ton,] and as conceded by the Senator from Mary-
land, [Mr. Pearce,] who introduced this bill. But
us this has been conceded by New Mexico, this
amendment regards it as a part of Texas; and by
this boundary, Texas is left extending to the Rio
Grande (or Del Norte) from its mouth to the town
of El Paso, a distance of nearly one thousand
miles, one third of which is above the true line of
New Mexico.
After conceding all this, it is a little remarkable
that the Senate boundary does not stop at El Pa30,
but goes some fourteen miles higher up the river,
and then runs parallel to the line claimed by New
Mexico, apparently to substitute an uncertain for
a fixed and permanent place for the termination of
the line upon the Rio Grande. And this, too, when
the Senator [Mr. Pearce] who drew this bill,
declared that he preferred the New Mexico line to
this one. The following is an extract from the
Senator's speech in the Senate:
" The line to the Rio Grande is objectionable, I know, to
some members of the Senate, and J would be glad to con-
sult their wishes by running it a little further soutli; but I
find that would meet as much or mure opposition. The
Senate, however, can change it if they please. The line, to
be sure, does cut otFNew Mexico, according to the estimate
of the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,] to whose su-
perior geographical knouieiige I cheerfully defer. He pro-
posed to carry the line of New'Mexicn down to the mouth '
of the Puercos river, (twelve miles below in fact,) and said
of the line in tile compromise bill that it cut off the legs of
New Mexico, and amputated her at the hip*. But there is
very little objection now to this, because the Senate is
aware that the recent convention of New Mexico, which
met to form State institutions, performed the process of
amputation for themselves, not precisely ut the exact line
which I propose, but so nearly so as to make it not worthy
the attention of the Senate."
" Now this line strikes the Rio Bravo del Norte near EI
Paso, according to some maps (the oid maps) a little south
of El Paso, but 1 am bound to say, in candor, to the Senate,
that more recent maps, and the one t have mentioned, (that
of Dr. Wistizenus,) made from actual observations, give the
latitude of El Paso at 31° 45' 5ft", which is about fourteen
miles^ south of the line which 1 propose. I should be very
%lad if I thought I could obtain the consent of the Senate
to run this line down to Fjl Paso, so as to correspond precise-
ly with the line adopted by the constitution of N'ew Mexico.
The difference, however, "is small."
After so large an acquisition of territory by
Texas off from the southern part of New Mexico,
why is it insisted upon taking a little more '—too
trifling a difference to be worthy the attention of
the Senate! Merely large enough to disagree to
the line proposed by New Mexico, and to show a
determination to assent to nothing as desired by
her. The proposed amendment will correct this.
Tue Rio Grande will be the western boundary
of Texas up to the town of El Paso. This the
old maps place a little north of the thirty-second
parallel, and the more recent ones a little south
of it. But El Paso was a town of New Mex-
ico, and it is about or near where all the pro-
posed lines of boundary leave the Rio Grande.
El Paso is a certain and known spot, and, as a
permanent boundary is always best, should be
adopted. It is more definite and certain—more
generally known and readily understood. Then
the line runs due east to the meridian of one hun-
dred degrees west from Greenwich; thence due
north on that meridian to the point where it
crosses the Red river, also a known and perma-
nent boundary, being a corner in the boundary
