1850.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
439
31st Cong 1st Sess.
The Texas Boundary—Mr, Bennett.
Ho. of Reps.
between the United States and Mexico, and of the
Indian territory. This amendment will adopt and
retain both these " old corners" and " ancient
landmarks," as fixed and permanent boundaries,
and run straight lines from them due east and
west, and north a d south, leaving the territory
upon either side in a compact and convenient form.
It is as good and convenient a boundary as can be
devised. Ami, above all, it gives to the people qf
Jfete .Mexico their boundaries as note claimed by
them, although clearly not all the territory inclu-
ded in the ancient limits of New Mexico.
This amendment is not proposed on account of
the great value of the territory which will be left
in New Mexico, if adopted, or transferred to
Texas if the Senate bill is passed. The accounts
as to this are extremely contradictory and un-
certain. The Galveston Civilian holds this lan-
guage:
* " Should it appear that the telegraph has reported cor-
rectly tiie proposition to Texas, adopted by the Senate, we
are free to sav that the Legislature will consult the views or
a large majority of the pfople of the State by its acceptance.
The line described (latitude 33°) commences on the Rio
Grande about sixty miles above El Pa«o, and runs to the
one hundredth decree west longitude, being more than five
degrees west of this city, and as many north at its nearer
approach. The distance from Fredericksburg, our most ,
remote settlement under the late Republic, or at present,
with the exception of JEI Paso, by the traveled route, is
about Jive hundred miles. The whole of the territory to be
<tded lies far above the Cross Timbers, and is inhabited
exclusively by Indians, Mexicans, and adventurers from j
other States, and United States troops—all alien to Texas I
in feeling and strangers to her jurisdiction. No Texan has
ever fixed his habitation there; no adventurous land-hunter \
hits ever located within it; it is a blank upon the map in '
our General Land Office. Whatever is of value iu the
land has long since been absorbed by old Spanish grants.
Whatever of Jlnglo-Saxon energy or enterprise is to be 1
found among the people, is arrayed against us. Peruni- ',
arily, the country is of no value ti Texas. Politically, of j:
as little. The vacant and unappropriated lands would not ij
pay the expense of surveying if thrown into the market at i
£ resent. Appropriated to our creditors, they would proba- ||
[y lie dormant and unproductive for half a century. The
present population is poor, and the State tax upon them
would not pay the expense of governing and keeping them
tn order."
This article mistakes the line of the Senate bill,
and comes much nearer to my amendment, and
in fact adopts the one hundredth degree of west
longitude, and yet this, it appears, is satisfactory
to the most violent advocate of the rights of
Texas. The only difference between this line and
mine is between the thirty-second and thirty-third
parallels of latitude west of the one hundredth
meridian—a very small difference, " unworthy of
any attention."
My objections to the Senate bill are:
First. Because it deliberately violates our national
faith, pledged by the treaty with Mexico. By that |
treaty, New Mexico was ceded to the United
States upon conditions and stipulations to be per-
formed on the part of the United States. Amongst
other things, it was stipulated that the people of
this Territory should be secured and protected in Iheir
rights as American citizens, (those who elected to
remain and become such,) in their liberty, religion,
and property, and incorporated and admitted at the
proper time (to be judged of by Congress) into the
Union of the United States, (not placed under the
authority and laws, of Texas,) with all the rights
of American citizens, according to the principles of
the Constitution; and having, consequently, the
right of establishing their own form of govern-
ment, constitution, and laws. For proof of this,
I refer to the treaty itself. This is its plain in-
tent and meaning. The President has forcibly
stated it in his message and his duty under it; it
was strongly stated by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Ewino,] in a recent speech in this
House.
Should Congress, by any act, authorize Texas
to extend her authority and laws over the whole
or any part of New Mexico, it would be a plain j
and palpable violation of the treaty. It would
place New Mexico, wholly or in part, under the
jurisdiction and laws of Texas as a sovereign
State; and the United States General Government
would lose all power to protect the people ofNew
Mexico, in any one of the rights guarantied, and
as they believed secured, to them by the treaty.
Nay, it would be an actual and absolute relin-
quishment and destruction of their rights as stip-
ulated in the treaty. For then they could not |
adopt a constitution and laws of their own choice; 1
nor could they be admitted into the Union of the
United States, according to the principles of the
Constitution. But they would be subjugated to
the institutions and laws of Texas, which they had
no voice in establishing, and to which they are
: strongly opposed. Such an act would be not only
in violation of the terms and spirit of the treaty,
but of the Constitution—^-of the great principles
of freedom and republican government, and of the
natural and inalienable rights of man. Every
settlement and every citizen of New Mexico, is
entitled to all these rights, and to the full benefit
of that treaty; and we have no more right to di-
vide New Mexico and place a portion of her terri-
tory and people under the dominion of Texas,
than we have to place all of New Mexico under
the rule of Texas—instead of allowing them to
act for themselves, and admitting them into the
Union of the United States, as we stipulated should
be done. This is an " insurmountable barrier"
to my supporting the Senate bill, with the bound-
aries of Texas as therein proposed. For beyond
all dispute, it does give to Texas a part of New
.Mexico, as it was when ceded to the United
States; and it does place under the authority
and laws of Texas a part of the people and ter-
ritory of New Mexico, contrary to express treaty
stipulations, by which it was to be under the au-
thority and protection of the United States, until
admitted into the Union, as States, according to
the Constitution.
Second. Besides, this bill would be in violation qf
the Constitution and qfthefandamentalprinciples of all
republican government. The people ofNew Mex-
ico are entitled to form their own government,
constitution, and laws. But so far as they are
annexed to Texas, all the rights of freemen and
of self-government are denied them—they are
subjugated under the laws of Texas, in making
which they had no voice. Opposed to •lavery,
under laws that forbid it, thisact of Congress would
annul their laws, and force them into a slave
State, under laws that sanction and uphold sla-
very. Just so far as New Mexico is annexed to
Texas, just so far is freedom abolished, and sla-
very established, by a positive act of Congress,
by law, over a people whose feelings and laws
alike forbid and condemn it. Southern men say
Congress should pass no law establishing or
prohibiting slavery; that they ask no such law
for it, and object to any such law against it;
and most of them say Congress has no power
to establish or to prohibit it. And yet, here
they are supporting this bill, that changes free
into slave territory—this bill which establishes
slavery by law, and forces it upon a free people
against their will. They see no objection to pass-
ing this bill, yet they denounce the friends of free-
dom for wishing to keep free that territory that
came to us free, is free now, and should be
kept so. There the subject should not be meddled
with in any manner; but here it may. Upon their
own doctrine this act is indefensible and wrong:
as much so as it would be to abolish slavery in a
State where it legally exists, and to convert the
whole or part of that State into free territory.
This is all the strife is for. The territory of New
Mexico is a part of the United States, whether
transferred to Texas or left to be admitted; and
the true question is, whether the people of New
Mexico shall adopt their own laws as tp slavery,
or whether Texas should decide and legislate for
them, and Congress force them under the slave
laws of Texas.
Third. Again, I am opposed to the boundary
as contained in this bill, not only as in violation
of the treaty, and the rights of the people of New
Mexico under it, as in violation of the Constitu-
tion, and of all the principles of freedom and self-
government; but also became Texas has ho right or
title in lata or equity, in right or justice, to New Mex-
ico, or any part of it.
How is this title claimed? Originally New
Mexico was not part of Texas: that is certain.
Texas proper lay upon the Gulf of Mexico, be-
tween the Sabine and Nueces rivers, about one
eighth part of what this bill gives to Texas, not
coming within eight hundred or one thousand
miles of the nearest part of New Mexico. North
of Texas was an Indian territory extending to the
Red river. Adding all this to Texas, makes that
State about one half the size this bill proposes.
Texas revolted from Mexico and maintained her
independence. That revolution gave her no more
title to New Mexico, who did not revolt, than the
United States have to Canada because the United
States maintained their independence in the war
of the Revolution.
But Texas says: If not by revolution, we have a
title by conquest; when Texas never had a soldier
set a hostile foot upon the territory of New Mex-
ico, unless the adventurers of the famous Santa Fe
expedition should be regarded as acting for Texas;
: and then, instead of conquering New Mexico, the
Mexicans conquered them and took them prison-
ers. This would give New Mexico a better right
to Texas, than Texas to New Mexico; for if any
rights of conquest are to be claimed, they must be-
long to the victors and not the vanquished.
But if neither revolution nor conquest can stand,
then, it is said, the United States cannot dispute
the title of Texas, because they went to war to
maintain it. This is an entire mistake. It is true,
the United States, in consequence of the war, and
of a treaty and purchase, acquired New Mexico
and California; but they did not go to war to ob-
; tain either of these Territories for Texas, or be-
cause Texas claimed either of them. The war
' was brought on by sending troops to defend
Texas—to prevent the invasion and reconquestof
Texas. This can be proved by reference to what
was said by the President and his leading friends.
Our present Speaker, [Mr. Cobb,] inaspeech de-
livered February 2, 1848, (the day the treaty was
concluded,) " on the causes and conduct of the
i war with Mexico," says:
" It has been solemnly asserted by the majority of this
[ House, on our records, that the present war with Mexico
' was unnecessarily and unconstitutionally begun by the
President of the United States.' "
These were the terms in which Congress ap-
proved of the commencement of this war—even
while dragged into it, and forced to vote supplies to
prevent our troops from being sacrificed and des-
troyed. He adds:
" The act of th« President upon which this charge is
founded, and which is thus to involve him in such heavy
responsibility, is the order issued, under his direction, by the
Secretary of War, on the 13th of January, 1846, for the re-
moval of the army from Corpus Christi to some proper and
convenient point on the Rio Grande. This, sir, is the head
and front of the offending of the President, on account of
which he is charged with having brought upon us all the
calamity and disgrace which necessarily result from having
the country involved in an uujust war with a foreign na-
tion."
He goes on to show that it was the intention of
Mexico to retake Texas, and that the course pur-
sued, and which resulted in a war, was necessary
to defend Texas from the threatened invasion.
After quoting various Mexican documents to prove
this, he says:
" In these official documents, issued from the various de-
partments of the Mexican Government, will be seen a full
exposition of the intention and policy of Mexico, and also her
reasons for adopting it. She thus unequivocally an nounces,
1 that the time to fight is come,' because the United States
1 has taken possession of the department of Texas.1 It will
be observed, that all this occurred many months prior to the
removal of the troops to the Rio Grande. Are wr not, then,
authorized in saying, Mexico herself being the witness, that
1 she waged the war against the United States,' and that the
object of the war, as thus waged by her, was therecon^uest
of Texas?"
He also refers to the manifesto of the army of
reserve against Herrera, and says:
" This manifesto was adopted on the 14th December, 1845,
in which the grave charge is made against Herrera that he
had permitted the American plenipotentiary * to set foot in
the countryand that( he had repeatedly thwarted the pur-
pose of the army to move upon Texas.1 Let it be remem-
bered that this preceded by several months the removal of
our troops from Corpus Christi to the Itio Grande, and,
therefore, 4 the purpose of moving upon Texas,' which had
been thus 4 repeatedly thwarted,' referred to the whole of
Texas, and not to that portion lying between the Nueces and
the Rio Grande, whicn gentlemen are pleaded to call the
disputed territory."
This, also, proves what was then regarded aa
in dispute—and again he refers to this:
" Whilst some might be disposed to regard the Nueces as
the line upon which negotiation might finally fix and deter-
mine, yet, when compelled to select a fighting line, rll would
regard with favor and approbation the Rio Grande as such
line. The truth is, that Mexico neither regarded the Nue-
ces nor the Rio Grande as the line of boundary between
the two countries. Her eye was fixed upon the Sabine.
With her, the question was not the settlement of the bound-
ary of Texas, but the reconquest of Texas."
President Polk, in his message in December,
1845, says:
" Our army was ordered to take poidtlon in the country
