440
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[1850.
31st Cong 1st Sess.
The Texas Boundary—Mr. Bennett.
Ho. of Reps.
between tbe Nueces and the DeJ Norte, and to repel any in-
vasion of the Texan territory which, might be attemptedby
the Mexican forces. Our squadron in the Gulf was ordered
to cooperate with the army."
The Secretary of War, in his report in 1845,
says: " That Republic [the Mexican Republic]
' menaced the immediatecommencement of hostili-
' ties against the United States, and set on foot, as
' it was said, extensive preparations to invade and sub-
' jugate Texas," and then speaks of instructions
given to General Taylor, and the Array of Occu-
pation, &c.
The war was brought on, as the President and
all his friends insisted, to defend Texas from the
threatened invasion, and to prevent the reconquest
of Texas. There was no dispute about New
Mexico. The only territory in dispute was that
between the Nueces and the Rio Grande. New
Mexico is far above the head waters of the Nue-
ces, far north of every part of Texas, nearly a
thousand miles from where the army were ordered
to take position. The orders to General Taylor
had no more to do with New Mexico than they
had with Nova Scotia.
It was on the disputed territory, between the
Nueces and the Rio Grande, that a collision first
took place between the American and Mexican
forces—where, it was said, "American blood
had been shed upon American soil." This, truth
may hardly warrant or history justify. But if it
did, all this related to the territory between the
Nueces and the Rio Grande. War was not de-
clared or begun to establish the right of Texas to
New Mexico—nothing of the kind.
But war once begun, the design of conquering
Mexico could be prosecuted; and it was.
In August, 1846, General Kearny, acting under
orders, invaded, and by force of arms, and for the
first time, took possession of New Mexico, in the
name of the United States; and in his proclama-
tion issued at Santa Fe, its capital, declared his
intention " to hold the department (New Mexico)
with its original boundaries (on both sides of the
Del Norte) under the name of New Mexico."
A territorial government was formed, and a
constitution adopted, which provided that " the
' territory heretofore known as New Mexico, shall
' hereafter be designated as the Territory of New
' Mexico in the United States."
Counties were duly organized, representation ap-
portioned, and provision made for the general gov-
ernment of the Territory, and this Territory has
ever since been held as a Territory of the United
States, and this territorial government been in full
force, until the organization of a State government
by the people of New Mexico, in order to apply
for their admission as a State under the stipula-
tions of the treaty.
President Polk, in his message in December,
1846, boasts of the conquest by the United States
of New Mexico, he says: "By rapid movements
the Territory of New Mexico, and Santa Fe, its
capital, has been conquered,"
If it was a part of Texas, the United States had
made war upon one of the States, and the Presi-
dent was exulting over its conquest, and the Ad-
ministration had organized a territorial government
within the State of Texas.
New Mexico was conquered, but it was by the
troops of the United Slates, in August, 1846, long
after the State of Texas was admitted into the
Union, which was early in 1845; and as a State,
Texas could not, either by conquest or treaty, ac-
quire title to any territory, having no power to
declare war or make treaties. Texas was admitted
the year before the commencement of the war.
It is true that some ten years before, in Decem-
ber, 1836, Texas claimed the territory east of the
Rio Grande. But so far as New Mexico was
concerned, it was the unfounded claim of a revolt-
ed province to one that did notrevolt,butremained
peaceably under the laws and jurisdiction of Mex-
ico. It was of no more validity than it would
have been had it been a claim to some foreign na-
tion, without right, and without possession. A
mere claim could give no right, and transfer no
title. A claim to France would have been just as
good in law or in morals. Texas had not acquired
any right to New Mexico before her annexation
as a State, by treaty, by conquest, or in any man-
ner; and after her admission as a State, she did
not, and could not, acquire any such right.
The claim was made after the void compact
with Santa Anna, by which he promised to use
his influence to get Mexico, if he could, to adopt
the Rio Grande as a boundary, made by him
without authority when a prisoner of war, and
which Mexico refused to sanction. Mr. Wood-
bury said in the Senate: "The law of Texas, in-
dueling in her claim more than she actually occu-
pied, doubtless originated very innocently in the
compact of Santa Anna." i
Mr. Ashley said in the Senate, in 1845:
"And here I will add, that the present boundaries of
Texas—I learn from Judge Ellis, the President of the con-
vention that formed the State constitution, and also a mem-
ber of the lirst Legislature under that constitution, by whom
this claim was made—were fixed as they now arc, solely
and professedly with the view of leaving a large margin in
the negotiation with Mexico, and not with the expectation
of retaining them, as tliey now exist in the statute-book."
The compact that Santa Anna made was void
of itself, because he had no authority to make it,
and because he was a prisoner when he made it,
and also because Mexico refused to adopt or rat-
ify it. Being, as all agree, utterly void, all claim
founded on it must be equally void. New Mexico
could not be bound by an agreement she did not
and would not make.
Texas never acquired, and never had any title
to New Mexico. Every argument in favor of
Texas virtually concedes this. No original right,
no acquired title is attempted to be shown. No
claim by treaty, possession, or conquest, is attempted
to be made out. The whole title of Texas is thus
utterly void and an unfounded claim, which is
as good as one man's claim to his neighbor's farm
would be and no better. Thisis the title in fact, avoid
claim. And the deed, the paper evidence of the title,
is wholly made up of the sayings and doings of the
Executive, and his subordinates under him, before,
or during, or after the war with Mexico. Thisis the
record of the title of Texas, to which all her advo-
cates refer, consisting of scraps and quotations
from messages, speeches, letters, &c. I have a short
answer to all this—they are of no kind of force or
validity whatever,—the mere expression of indi- i
vidual views, wishes, or opinions, of the same
force as the opinions of members here, or of even
less authority, for all the members of Congress
might affect the rights of the United States. But
had the Executive, and every official under him,
given a deed of all New Mexico to Texas, it would
have been no better than if it had been signed by
John Doe and Richard Roe. They have no power
to grant, convey, recognize, or admit title; no say-
ings or doings of theirs could alter or change in one
iota the rights of Texas, Mexico, or the United
States. And what they could not do directly, they
could not do indirectly. The repeated reference to
their say-so and opinions is proof, not of title, but
of the want of all title in Texas. They could not,
by saying it was good, make it stronger, or by
saying it was bad, make it weaker. Thequestion
must be settled by what is the title in fact. The Ex-
ecutive is not the Government. He cannot make,
he only executes the law.
The"peculiar" friends of Texas—friends to her
claim because it will extend their " peculiar insti-
tutions"—denounce it as a usurpation in the Pres-
ident to declare that he will faithfully perform the
duty imposed on him by the Constitution of pro-
tecting the Territory of New Mexico from forcible
seizure and subjugation by Texas—(while he dis-
claims all right to interfere with the duty of Con-
gress in regard to settling or changing her bound-
aries)—a duty that under the treaty he is as clearly
bound to perform in regard to this Territory, as he
would be had Texas threatened to invade any other
State or Territory in the Union, and subjugate the
people thereof by force of arms. Yet the same
men, and at the same time they denounce this as
a usurpation, rely upon the sayings and doings of
President Polk and his subordinates as valid and
effectual, not only to change a boundary for thou-
sands of miles, but to give a title to Texas of a
vast territory to which Texas had no right, not
then even owned by the United States, but which
was a department of Mexico, inhabited by her
people and governed by her laws; at least so far
as those sayings and doings took place before by
the treaty it was ceded to the United States. This
is the claim, and no usurpation in the President's
doing this; or else it must be claimed that what
h&i been said since the treaty, by the President and
| his officials, has divested the United States of their
| title to New Mexico and transferred it to Texas.
| All this is too absurd ! The President has no such
power. He and his agents could do no such thinsp
in any manner, much less by anything they should
say about it.
Declarations and claims give no rights. It is title
in fact that controls—or actual conquest, and posses-
sion taken and held under it.
This, thereeorri evidenceof the Texas title, is void.
No matter what has been said, the power is want-
ing to give it effect or validity; and all of this is of
no kind of consequence in deciding the title of Texas.
But so utterly groundless is this claim, that even
this say-so title is against Texas. It will prove
that New Mexico is not, and never was, a part of
Texas. Here is the proof:
In Mr. Buchanan s instructions to Mr. Slidell
in 1845, he says:
"In regard to the right of Texas to the boundary of the
Del Norte, from its mouth to the Paso, there cannot, it ia
apprehended, be any very serious doubt."
It was doubted up to El Paso, but not very seri-
ously. Well, all this New Mexico has conceded,
and this amendment grants to Texas. He adds:
" It mav, however, be contended, on the part of Mexico,
that the Nueces and not the Rio del Norte is the true western
boundary of Texas. I need not furnish you arguments to
controvert this position.55
This shows what was in dispute—the terri-
[ tory between the Nueces and the Rio Grande.
As to furnishing arguments, of course it was un-
necessary, when all in the world were placed at
his disposal, and he was at liberty to take any he
could think of. The real argument was, " the
United States were stronger than Mexico."
After insisting that Texas extended to the Rio
Grande, as far up as El Paso, he says:
"The case is different in regard to New Mexico. Santa
Fe, its capital, wa« settled by the Spaniards more than two
centuries ago; and that province has been ever sincp in
their possession* and that of the Republic of Mexico. The
Texans never have conquered or taken possession of it, nor
have its people ever been represented in any of their legisla-
tive assemblies or conventions."
This is one of the letters introduced and relied
; upon to prove Texas ownsNew Mexico. TheSec-
i retary says exactly the reverse; and, what is more
important, the statements here made are matters of
fact, and wholly overturn all pretence of title in
Texas to New Mexico by conquest, and possession
i taken and held under it; and that is the only way
title is, or can be pretended.
In his letter to Mr. Trist, in 1847, the Secretary
! says:
" And here I ought to observe, in justice to yourself, that
we do not believe there is any truth in the assertion of the
Mexican commissioners, that you had proposed (if the other
terms of the treaty were made satisfactory) to refer to jour
' Government, 1 with some hope of a good result,' the ques-
tion of surrendering to Mexico that portion of the sovereign
State of Texas between the Nueces and the Rio Grande."
j The territory between the Nueces and the Rio
! Grande was the disputed territory, and Mr. Trist
had some idea of relinquishing that.
Mr. Buchanan, in his speech on the annexa-
! tion, says:
" Texas has always claimed to the Del Norte, and is now
in possession of the whole of tbe left bank of that river to
the Paso, nearly a thousand miles from its mouth. Her
I claim to that portion of New Mexico which lies cast of this
i' river and north of the Paso, is certainly of a very doubtful
character; and it is one upon which we ought not to insist."
| The character of that claim was a claim without
, eilher title or possession. It could not well be
! worse.
ij Mr. Sevier, in the Senate, January 4, 1848,
:] says:
j "I amoneofthose whohaveever contended, and donow
II contend, that the territory lyins between the Nueces fend
| Rio Grande, and below Xew Mexico, rightfully and prop-
erly belongs to Texas by title of conquest and possession.
I I never did contend that the country ea«t of the Rio Grande,
j and included in Xew Mexico, did belong to Texas, for she
j neither conquered nor held possession of it."
! Mr. Woodbury also said in the Senate:
" But Texas, by a mere law, could acquire no title be-
yond what she conquered from Mexico and actually gov-
erned. Hence, thaugh her law includes more than ancient
Texas, she could hold and convey only that; or, at the
uttermost, only what she exercised clear jurisdiction over."
Silas Wright, in a letter to his constituents,
soon after the Senate had rejected the treaty to
annex Texas, and referring to his vote against it,
said: He believed, from the boundaries that must
be implied from it, it would " takes large portion
