442
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[1850.
31st Cong 1st Sess.
The Texas Boundary—Mr. Bennett.
Ho. of Reps.
Had President Polk, after this treaty was made
with Mexico, refused to fulfill and perform it, and
to seethe people ofNew Mexico protected under it,
as a part of the territory of the United States, but
have taken it upon himself to disaffirm and disannul
it, and sent there an armed force to compel the
people ofNew Mexico, in violation of the treaty,
to surrendet their rights, laws, and government,
and submit to those of Texas; or had the Presi-
dent allowed Texas to do this, it would have fur-
nished a proper case for impeachment; for instead of
executing the law, he would, in disregard of the
highest and supreme law of the land, have usurped
the power to destroy every right of the people of
New Mexico, belonging to them as men, or
guarantied to them by the treaty. It would have
been as clear and palpable a case of official mis-
conduct, as if he had compelled or allowed the
people of Ohio, by force of arms, to be driven to
surrender their own laws and institutions, and
yield to the jurisdiction and laws of Kentucky,
tie would have assumed and usurped the whole
power of the Government, decided the pretended
claim of Texas in her favor, and carried his opin-
ions into effect by violating all right, law, and jus-
tice, overturning the authority and laws of New
Mexico, and forcing her people to submit to the
authority and laws of Texas.
And yet his opinion, in 1847, before the treaty
was made, or any human being could know what
it would be, is relied upon as " the main evidence
of the right of Texas," and as sufficient to give
Texas "a vested right of possession" to New
Mexico—something higher than actual possession,
a " right of possession"—a real title. Such an
evidence of "right" is the strongest proof of i
weakn ess—of the want of any reliable or real right, j
A President's belief contradicted by the facts; an
opinion expressed before the treaty was made—a
guess it should be called, and not a belief—made be-
forehand, invalid and unauthorized, is the main
evidence of the right of Texas, and is to transfer
a territory of this Union, purchased long after-
wards, to the State of Texas! In every sense,
how absurd is this pretence, this reliance on the
sayings of President Polk, in a letter written under
the circumstances this was, and in relation to a
matter over which he had no control or power.
No; the President had, and has but one duty to
perform in regard to New Mexico—to protect
the people in their rights, persons, liberty, prop-
erty, and religion, as " American citizens," ac-
cording to the treaty, and to protect this Territory
as the territory of the United States, until it is ad-
mitted into the Union of the United States; leaving
to Congress the duty of settling any disputed
claim Texas may make to any part of New Mex-
ico, and the duty of providing for the people of
this Territory such laws as may be needed, of es- >
tablishing a new territorial government, or of ad- '
mitting them as a State. In short, of legislating
for this Territory the same as for any other Ter-
ritory of the United States.
Tlie United States purchased this Territory of
Mexico, and paid her for it, and Texas was a party
to that purchase. Now Texas wants the United
States to purchase it again of Texas, and pay her
for it too! And even when the United States con-
sents to this—agrees to pay $10,000,000 for this
unfounded title of Texas, (more than all New
Mexico east of the Rio Grande is worth,) Texas
insists still on taking about half the territory
claimed into the State of Texas, so as to force it
into a slave State, for the people of Texas to gov-
ern and control those of New Mexico, who are to
be denied the right to establish their own institu-
tions and laws, and forced under those of Texas,
to which they are in feeling strongly opposed, and j
in establishing and making which they have never
had any representation or voice whatever. All
the facts prove Texas has no right or title to New
Mexico.
Fourth. Texas, by her own acts, is concluded
and estopped from making this claim.
When she made her declaration of independ-
ence, in March, 1836, it wastheaet of Texas—all I
her delegates were from Texas proper. All the
complaints of grievance related to that territory,
and no other; New Mexico was not included or
represented.
When she held a convention to frame a consti-
tution for Texas, it waa no again. Texas was rep-
resented, not New Mexico. If New Mexico was
a part of Texas, she was entitled to notice and to
delegates, and having the largest number of peo-
ple could have dictated the terms of the constitu-
tion. But New Mexico was not notified or rep-
resented. It had not been dreamed of then that
New Mexico was a part of Texas; she was then
undisputedly as much a province of Mexico as
1 California was.
When the Texas constitution went into effect,
counties were organized, and representatives ap-
portioned, but this was confined to Texas; no part
of New Mexico was ever, in fact, represented in
any Convention or Legislature of Texas.
In December, 1836, after all this, Texas made
the claim to New Mexico, on the void compact
i with Santa Anna, and which claim was equally
1 void, and never was enforced, or attempted to be
enforced by Texas.
When the joint resolution of 1845 admitting
Texas was passed, it provided, that "the territory
'properly included within, and rightfully belonging
' to, the Republic of Texas, might be erected into a
' new State, with a republican form of government
' to be adopted by the people of said Republic by depu-
' ties assembled in convention." The people of
New Mexico were more numerous than those of
Texas. Living under Mexican laws and govern-
ment, they had no notice of this convention to form
a State government, and no representation there.
| They were not treated as a part of Texas. If New
1 Mexico was a part of Texas, no State constitution
i was ever adopted in the manner required, for more
than half the people had no deputies in that con-
vention, and no notice of its proceedings. Yet
Texas brought here her State constitution created
by this convention, " with, due proof of Us being
adopted by the people of that Republic." If that Re-
public then included New Mexico, that proof was
false, and the admission of Texas was fraudulently
obtained. But Texas certainly cannot deny her
own proof upon which she was admitted as a State.
And that solemn act estops her claiming that New
Mexico then belonged to Texas; and certainly,
after her admission, she did not, and could not,
acquire title to New Mexico.
When, in 1848, a State map of Texas was made,
certified to be correct by all her highest State offi-
cers, including both her Senators [Mr. Houston
and Mr. Rusk] and one of her members, [Mr.
Kaufman,] and which included all the counties
and all the territory belonging to Texas, no part
of New Mexico was included;'and by that map !
Texas extended to only the one hundredth or one
hundred and second degree of west longitude j
from Greenwich.
When the treaty was made, in 1848, by the
United States with Mexico, by which New Mex-
ico was ceded to the United States, Texas was a
State, and a party to that treaty; and if the State
of Texas had any rightful claim to New Mexico,
her Senators should have opposed the treaty and
presented that claim. But they acquiesced in it,
and are concluded by it. " He that is silent when
' good conscience requires him to speak, shall not
' be heard when good conscience requires him to
' be silent."
When Texas was admitted as a State, she was
expressly confined to the territory which properly
and rightfully belonged to her. This, at the ut-
most, could only extend so far as she had actual
occupancy, and could not include New Mexico.
Having come into the Union upon these terms,
and to be confined to those limits, she has no right
now to go beyond them.
For all these reasons, Texas should be held
concluded and estopped from making this claim
to the whole or any part of New Mexico—a claim
utterly unfounded, as has been shown.
And again: could any one believe this pretended
claim ofTexas to New Mexico was well founded,
after giving, to buy this right, twice as much as the
territory is worth? We should not consent to
divide New Mexico and give a part of it to Tex-
as. For this reason, as well as the others, I am
opposed to the proposed boundary, and in favor
of this amendment, which obviates all these diffi-
culties and preserves the national faith, without
doing any injustice to Texas—without even taking
any very valuable territory from her, or making,
so far as her interests are concerned, any great
change in her limits. It only cute off this strip two
degrees wide, running directly away from Texas,
and into New Mexico near two hundred miles,
making the line of both objectionable and inconve-
nient; while this amendment will leave to New
Mexico all that is claimed by her. It takes noth-
ing from Texas that she ought to strive to retain;
leaving her still with an immense territory, nearly
as large as one half of the territory in all the free
States—more than can be disposed of and settled
in a century.
It would seem this long strip of land is taken
solely to extend Texas up to the line of 36°
30', when, really, it does not come near that line,
but lies far soutn of it. Why, is this to gratify
old prejudices? Much as the Missouri compro-
mise has been lauded, in my judgment it has done
more to make a North and a South—to create sec-
tional feelings, and give ail impression that there
are really conflicting rights, views, and opinions,
on different sides of that line—than any other
measure ever adopted by this Government. It is
wrong in principle, and mischievous in practice.
You might as well regulate religious opiniens bya
geographical line fixed by law, as opinions on the
subject of slavery. And this Government has as
much power to force the whole or any part of New
Mexico, against the wishes of its people, under
a State orGovernment where the Catholic religion
is established bylaw, as where African slavery is
so established. The struggle for this line will only
excite prejudices on both sides between those who
wish to extend, and those opposed to the exten-
sion of slavery; but can result in no possible good.
Why, then, seek to extend Texas more than two
hundred miles north of its real limits to reach that
line ?
If this amendment is adopted, many can support
this bill who must oppose it now. The friends of
the bill should therefore favor this amendment.
There are many who cannot support it as it is.
The value of the territory is of no account; and if
thisamendment is adopted, the Senate will readily
assent to it. If not, let a committee of conference
meet and reconcile the difference of opinion. This
gives one good reason for supporting this bill, and
granting this large sum to Texas—namely, that it
leaves New Mexico, as now claimed, untouched
and entire; it removes the worst and greatest ob-
jection to this bill.
Many of those opposed to this bill should sup-
port this amendment; if it is to pass, let us at least
make it as little objectionable as possible.
If this cannot be adopted, all amendments are
hopeless. Let us, then, unite upon this—all who
are for any amendment of this proposed boundary.
You object that you cannot vote $10,000,000 to
Texas, and then give her besides half of New
Mexico, and subjugate the Mexican people to the
slave laws of Texas, to which they have never
given their assent, and against which their feelings
and interests are opposed. This amendment will
obviate all these objections, except as to the price
paid, the §10,000,000 to Texas for her title, while
the real difference in value of the territory taken
by this line or that, is of no importance, compared
with the other questions it involves.
I have intentionally confined myself to this
question of boundary. The money to be given or
paid to Texas—the $10,000,000—I have not deemed
it necessary to say anything about; that is a point
all will understand and appreciate, all will know
the amount paid to Texas, and why it is paid—
that cannot be disguised and needs no comment.
But the defiant and threatening tone of Texas
and her friends, is with me an objection, and not
an inducement to being over-liberal to Texas.
This giving " upon compulsion,"and because you
dare not refuse, is far more cowardly than gener-
ous. The President has given the proper reply to
these arguments—if they are to be termed such—
the only one they deserve. They are unworthy
any consideration. If Texas has any just claim,
there are legal and peaceful means for her to main-
tain it. If her claim will not bear investigation—
if she has none, in fact, and she proceeds to law-
less violence, who counsels to pay her money "to
keep the peace," to give her what she asks, al-
though unjust, to bribe her not to commit treason
—who counsels that? I will do justice to Texas,
to the best of my judgment. But I will vote no
gifts, no bribes, no reward! to her, to keep her from
invading by force any State or Territory of this
