1850.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
448
31st Cong 1st Sess.
The Galphin Claim—Mr. McKissock.
Ho. of Reps.
Union. But there is no danger of any of these
high-sounding threats being put into execution;
they are only used here to carry this bill, and I
will venture to predict, with entire confidence, and
depend upon it, Texas will eagerly accept this of-
fer if it only has the f10,000,000 in it, and you
may put the boundary where you will; for her peo-
ple will act like any other people—they will be
governed by their interests, and never will reject
an adjustment so greatly to their advantage. Give
it to her if you will; but I appeal to those who are
for this measure, if you give this large sum of
money to Texas, make this boundary such as will
take no part of New Mexico. That is what this
amendment proposes, and that, in iny judgment,
is what should be done.
the galphin claim.
SPEECH OF HON. T. McKISSOCK,
of new york,
In the House or Representatives,
Wednesday, July 3, 1850,
On the Report of the Select Committee upon the
conduct of the Secretary of War in connection
with the Galphin claim.
Mr. McKISSOCK said:
• Mr Speaker: It is fortunate for the cause of
truth that the act of 1848, which was the proxi-
mate cause of the matter which is the subject of
the present inquiry, is not fairly chargeable exclu-
sively to either of the political parties of the coun-
try; for though the Whigs had at the time of its
passage a majority in the House of Representatives,
■o had the Democrats in the Senate. But besides,
the bill originated in the Senate, was reported by
a Democratic Senator, and was there matured, and
was naturally taken in the course of things some-
what on trust by the House So that it were mag-
nanimous in the Whigs to say, that the "honors
were easy" on its passage, and that neither of the
political parties can now make much by "tricks." (
In this discussion I assume that the act of 1848 i
made it the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay the principal debt due to the representatives
of George Galphin, the amount of which had been
long since authoritatively settled. It cannot be
considered an open question whether there was i
anything due or not. That there was, appear to j
have been the premises of the bill. Indeed the
third resolution agreed to by the whole committee
of inquiry, expressly asserts that the act made it
the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
the principal. And I shall also insist that the act
also required him to pay the whole debt due to
them, using the word debt in the ordinary and not '■
the legal sense—the only question therefore being,
what was the amount due? This leads directly to !
the mam inquiry, was the interest due and paid in |
conformity to law and precedent? Though 1 have
already assumed that the act enjoined upon the
Secretary of the Treasury the payment of the
principal, still it becomes necessary for the purpose
of answering the inquiry above proposed, to ex-
amine the origin and history of the Galphin claim,
and the relation and connection of the State of
Georgia and the United States with it.
George Galphin, the original claimant, wasa citi-
zen of Georgia, and a licensed trader with the Ghero •
kee and Creek Indians, who were his debtors to a
large amount, due to him individually and as
assignee of other traders. In 1773, those Indians
ceded to George the third, King  f Great Britain,
under a treaty with the Governor of Georgia, large
tracts of fertile land in the State of Georgia, in trust,
to sell and pay the debts due said traders. Where-
upon, in consideration of such assignment, the
traders released the Indians from the debts. This
trust was accepted by the King; commissioners
were appointed to sell the lands and make pay-
mentof the debts; and theGovernorand his council,
by authority from the Crown, ascertained the
amount due the claimants respectively, and found
due to George Galphin .£9,79115s. 5d.;—for which
sum they gave him a certificate, dated the 2d of
May, 1775.' Close upon this, came the war of the
Revolution, and by it the execution of the trust by
the King was defeated.
In 1777, and subsequent years, the State of
Georgia conveyed considerable portions of these
lands to actual settlers, and soldiers who remained
faithful to the cause of independence. August,
1780, the Legislature of Georgia passed an act
asserting the right of the State to those lands that
had been ceded to the King, and authorizing all
persons havingsuch claims—thatis, for these debts
against the Indians—to present them, and provi-
ding further, that whatever claims should be found
due to the friends of America should be paid by
treasury certificates, at two, three, and four years,
with six percent, interest. George Galphin died in
1780, and Thomas Galphin, his executor, in 1789,
presented the claim to the Legislature of Georgia,
and a favorable report was made on it by the
committee to which it was referred; but it was
not acted upon by the Legislature of that year.
In 1791 the executor sent to England, but his claim
was rejected by the British Government, because .
! George Galphin had l.een a friend of the Revolu-
tion. But in the mean time, that Government
paid the claims of all creditors who had remained
faithful to its interests. In 1793, the claim was
again presented to the Legislature of Georgia, and
the committee to which it was referred reported
"that the debt and demand of Mr. Galphin ought
* to be provided for agreeablyto the act of the As-
' sembly of the State passed 1780, as not only 1
' plainly within the letter and meaning of that act, '
' but also substantiated as a debt against the State,
' which has sold and disposed of the lands ceded for
' thepaymentthereofforitsown use, by which your
' committee is of opinion the State has made itself
! ' liable forthesame onevery principleof justiceand
! 'equity." This report was agreed toby the Senate,
; naming the sum as certified in the year 1775 by
the British Commissioners, <£9,79115s. 5tl. In fact,
from time to time application was made to the
Legislature of Georgia for payment down to 1840;
and in nd instance did any committee decide j
against it except in 1813, when a report was made
that England, and not Georgia, was bound to pay; |
and besides that, a board of commissioners on the
part of Georgia decided against the obligation of
Geoigia on the strange pretext, that as they had
acquired the lands by conquest from the British
Crown,' they were discharged from the trust.
There is no pretence that the claim was ever sat-
isfied before the law of 1848. There is also abun-
dant proof that George Galphin was a man of
worth and high standing, a steadfast friend of the
Revolution, a true Whig, and a great benefactor of
Georgia in controlling the neighboring savages
and thereby preventing their hostile incursions;
and finally, that the lands were abundantly suffi-
cient to pay all debts for which they had been
transferred to theBritish Crown. From all which
it follows, or appears, that George Galphin had a
good and valid claim for this debt: that it was
liquidated and passed due: that Georgia owed it
as trustee of the fund originally provided for its
payment, having assumed the trust and converted
the fund to her own use.
But it may be proper shortly to notice the ob-
jections above mentioned, that England was bound
to pay the debt, and not Georgia, for the reason
that Georgia held the land by conquest, discharged
of the trust On the presentation of these two
propositions side by side, they would appear to
afford a complete refutation of each other. Eng-
land, or the British Crown, being responsible on
account of the trust fund, it seems impossible to
maintain, and indeed it is presumo'uous to assert,
that that liability continued after the fund had
been wrested by force from the trustee by
Georgia, with the aid of the beneficiary Galphin.
i Nor is the second proposition able to stand in
the presence of the first: for if England was re-
sponsible because of the possession of the fund,
according to the plainest principles of justice
' Georgia would be liable, for the same reason, on
the new condition of'things. Still, the argument
that Georgia held these lands discharged of the
trust even in respect to those who were friends of
the Revolution, may deserve further notice. The
State of Georgia succeeded to and held the place
of the colony, not only in relation to her obliga-
' tions to her own people but also in regard to her
contracts with strangers. Thus if the colony had
!' been indebted to a stranger, the State would have
been bound to pay the debt; and so, and more
manifestly too, wouli she he bound to perform the
i engagements of the colony with her own citizens.
Nations have perpetual succession, and preserve
their identity under every vicissitude and change
of rulers. This is a principle of the law of nations,
maintained and enforced by them for the protection
of themselves and their people; and hence States
are held responsible for the acts of their Govern-
ments ile facto, whether established by right or by
wrong, by fraud or by force. Thus, as a familiar
example, we held the present Government of
Naples responsible for spoliations on our commerce
by acts of the usurper Murat. This rule is not
founded on the mere power to enforce it, but on the
ground of its necessity for the maintenance of jus-
tice between nations, and between nations and
individuals. Besides, before the Revolution the
King, in whom was vested the sovereignty and
ultimate proprietorship of all the lands of Georgia,
| held these particular lands by special grant, in trust
I for one of his Georgian subjects; and by the
( establishment of the independence of the United
States, the people of Georgia succeeded to the
sovereignty and proprietary rights of the King,
with any of his late Georgian subjects, in respect
to the lands of the State. That being so, the only
way in which these obligations or contracts were
or could be forfeited, was by adhesion to the ene-
mies of Georgia—unless indeed the opinion be
correct thai, as Georgia held the lands by con-
quest, they were discharged of the trust even in
' respect to those who adhered to her fortunes;
{ which amounts to this, that she conquered her
own patriotic citizens, who thus became losers by
their espousal of the cause of freedom and of their
, own State.
It being then established that Georgia, at the
time of the passage of the law of 1848, owed the
representatives of George Galphin the Indian debt
in question, was she bound to pay the interest
thereon? It having been shown, that the claim
was liquidated, was passed due and owed by the
! State as trustee of the fund originally provided
for its payment; that she had assumed the trust
and applied the fund to her own use, I have no
hesitation in saying that she was equally bound to
pay the interest as the principal. Yet, the wide
range of argument pursued by gemlefnen who
condemn the payment of the interest as contrary to
law, requires that some time should be devoted to
the examination of the history and principles of
the law of interest.
It has been said that the taking of interest was
contrary to the ancient common law; that the
right to receive it was utterly denied by that ven-
erable system; and that it was first made lawful in
England by the 37th of Henry VIII. Now, in
passing, and time will allow me to do no more, I
question the accuracy of that opinion. It is true
indeed that the amount of interest that might be
taken in England, was.first regulated by that statute.
But I believe, though there u a strong conciction
to the contrary in high places, that it was not
unlawful to take reasonable interest in England
long before the 37th of Henry "VIII was in force.
There are certainly many facts connected with the
jurisprudence and history of England anterior to
that date, that cannot be well understood on any
other supposition than that men were in the habit
of receiving interest for money, subject to the re-
striction that it was not usurious; that is, not
exorbitant; and Mr. Hume, who is adduced as
authority, is certainly mistaken when he says,
speaking of the 37th of Henry VIII, "The pre-
amble of this very law treats the interest of money
as illegal and criminal." For it were certainly
strange, if the preamble and the body of thestatme
so far contradicted each other that the preamble
should declare the taking of interest "unlawful and
criminal," while the body of the statute contained
nothing but a negative provision that thenceforth
no more than ten per cent, should be taken, with-
out any provision that interest should thencelnnh
be lawful. It is asserted also, that the statuie law
of England has never declared that interest
should be paid, but only established the rate.
That is so, as has been just stated; and as far as
I am aware, it is equally true of the legislation on
the subject in this country. It is also said, as part
of the same argument, that as neither ancient com-
mon law nor the statutes have ever established
affirmatively the right to interest, the power to
demand it must depend on contract. This branch
■ of th* argument, drawn mainly from Mr. Spencer's
