444
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 3,
31st Cong 1st Sess.
The Galphin Claim—Mr. McKissock.
Ho. of Reps.
celebrated opinion in the case of the Renss. Glass
Factory us- Reid, 5 Caw., N. Y., Rep., 604, is fully
accepted by us when applied to proceedings at law.
In one word, it is not denied that neither the an-
cient common law nor the statutes of England or
this country ever declared or determined that interest
should be paid. But we do object against the
following conclusions drawn from those proposi-
tions—that, as interest is not given by express
law but depends on the contract of the parties,
there are no settled rules in relation to it, and that
it is not payable except on the express agreement
of the parties. But as it is usual for error to beget
error, so it has turned out in the present case; and
accordingly, the conclusions to which objection
has been just made were succeeded by the position
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr, Disnet,] that
interest is not payable on a due bill, nor on money
lent; for which the case of Cotton vs. Bragg, 15th
East. 226, was cited. So also, the letter of Mr.
Jefferson to Mr. Hammond the British Minister,
State Papers, vol. 1, 213, has been quoted to show,
thot as interest is no part of the debt, but is added to
it by way of damages for its detention, therefore
no title or right to a debt gives with it legal title to
interest; that it may be payable in cases of delay,
if a jury thought proper to allow it; and that when
there is not a special agreement for it, then it depends
altogether upon the discretion of the judges and
jurors. Now if the case of Cotton us Bragg had
been examined carefully, it would have been dis-
covered that when Lord Eilenborough speaks of
no interest having been allowed in the Court of
King's Bench on a claim for money lent for fifty-
two years, during his lime and that of his imme-
diate predecessors—Lords Kinyon and Mansfield—
he had reference to rases where there was neither
a contract for the interest to run immediately, nor
a fixed time for the payment of the debt; and Mr.
Jefferson's notion, that interest is no part of the
debt, but is added to it by way of damages for its
detention, is also well enough, when well under-
stood; but the erroneous application of it, which
was equally made by him and in the argument of
the present case, confounds all distinction between
those cases where juries are permitted by the courts
to allow interest by way of damages and those
where it is ad judged by the court as a legal inci-
dent to a debt.
The real difference between us is this: gentle- j
men contend or argue as if there were no settled
rules of law in relation to interest, but fluctuating, j
shifting rules of discretion in regard to it; so that
a party has no fixed principle of law securing to
him the interest as it does the principal; whereas
we maintain that the law is subject to no such re-
proach—and that there are two great classes of
cases, in one of which interest follows the princi-
pal as a legal incident, which the courts are bound
to maintain and do maintain, as they do the right
to the principal; and that if that were not so by the
"ancient common law," yet still thecourtsof com
mon law did so hold in England, long before the
time of Lord Mansfield, and have continued so to
hold ever since; and that the same has been the uni-
form doctrine of the courts of law in this country.
Hence it follows that the assertion of Mr. Jeffer-
son, in his letter to Mr. Hammond, that interest
could not be recovered on an account for goods
sold and delivered, or for a book debt, or on sim-
ple contracts, or for money lent without note, was
not law. Neither was his declaration that "in ;
England interest is not secured by express law,
but rests in the discretion of judges and juries as
the arbiters of damages." j
But on the contrary, it was the law then and had
been so since the time of Lord Mansfield, and has
always been in this country, that wherever, in
those cases specified by him, the claim was liqui- .
dated and the time for payment had arrived, a con- t
tract for the payment of interest was a legal impli- i
eation which the courts were bound to draw, on
the same principle that they directa jury to infer a
conveyance to a party who has enjoyed an ease- I
ment for twenty years, under a claim of right,
though there be no pretence of evidence that there
ever was a grant—or on the game principle that
they would instruct a jury to find a promise to
pav reasonable prices for goods by a person who
had gone into a shop where they were kept for
sale, and asked for and carried them away when
delivered, nothing being saul of prica or payment.
In another class of cases, it is true, the jury is al-
lowed to give interest in the nature of damages at
their discretion; and every lawyer is supposed to
know what those cases are.
1 think it may now be fairly said, that it has
been shown that the present belongs to the former
class of cases; and that Georgia was not only as
much bound to pay the interest as the principal,
but that she was for nearly seventy years a default-
er as to both. At the same time 1 do not intend to
reproach that old and gallant State, but simply to
declare in plain terms my senseof her obligations;
and there can be no reasonable doubt but she would
have discharged them long ago but for the want of
abundant means.
Still there is another objection to the payment of
the interest by Georgia. It is said she was at fur-
thest a trustee, and that trustees pay no interest.
That is the greatest mistake of all. Trustees do
pay interest, under well-defined rules—oneof which
is, that they are always charged with it from the
time they have converted the fund to their own use,
being considered thereby in default, which Georgia
did the moment she applied these limdsto her own
purposes. So far is it from being true that trus-
tees do not pay interest, that they are in some
cases treated with more rigor than other debtors,
being charged with compound interest in cases of
misconduct.
Having thusfar said nothingofthe liability ofthe
United States for this debt, I shall now proceed to
show where and how she became responsible, and
to what extent. And in the first place, it has not
been considered that the United States were re-
sponsible for the expenditures and undertakings of
the States in the revolutionary struggle. Each of
the States was then a separate sovereignty, and in-
curred an individual, separate liability in the prog-
ress of that great event, except where they acted
as theagentor by the authority of the United States,
which was in no sense the case in the present
transaction. Nor do 1 consider that this Govern-
ment became liable for the claim by any engage-
ment previous to iheactof 184^. With all respect
to the opinion of the learned Attorney General and
the report of the Senate committee that accompa-
nied that act, I cannot bring myself to the conclu-
sion that the agreement on the part of the Govern-
ment, in the treaty with Georgia of 1802, "to ex-
tinguish all the outstanding titles"—that is, Indian
titles in the Slate of Georgia—imposed a legal obli-
gation to assume the debt in question. At the same
time, the motives or inducement to such assump-
tion may have been sufficiently strong to justify
the act of 1848. Thus the consideration that
though the State contracted the obligation as a sov-
ereign, yet she did so in the common struggle for lib-
erty and independence, may have had great weight.
So may the equity of the treaty with Georgia of
1802, and the comparative inability of that State,
arising from having given up her nationality for
the Union: whereupon the Government of the
United States assumed as it were the place of a
parent, bound to relieve her children, the Slates,
from burdens assumed in the common effort for
emancipation from foreign pupilage. Whatever
may have been the inducement, it is of little avail
to inquire. Congress having full power, theexer-
cise of which cannot be questioned here, passed
| the law directing payment to the representatives of
George Galphin. What, then, is the proper inter-
pretation and effect of that law? his very simple
and definite in its terms, providing " that the Secre-
' tary of the Treasury be and is hereby authorized
' and required to examine and adjust the claim of
« the late George Galphin, under the treaty made
' by the Governor of Georgia with the Creek and
' Cherokee Indians, in the year 1773, and to pay
' the amount which may be found due to Milledge
' Galphin, the executor of George Galphin, out of
' any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
' priated."
Now, a3 i t has been shown that G eorgia o wed both
the principal and the interest, the amount of these
was the sum that would be "found due" and pay-
able by the very terms of the act: for no one, I
think, will assert that an order to examine and ad-
just the amount due on a claim does not contem-
plate both the principal and the interest if any be
due. If there was any objection to the payment
of either, the time for opposition was on the pas-
sage of the bill. That was the occasion for win-
ning laurels in defence of the public Treasury that
were worth the wearing. By the passage of the
bill, the Government assun.ed the place and re-
sponsibility of Georgia, and was bound not merely
a3 it would have been for an obligation of its own,
thus ratified under like circumstances, but for the
debt of Georgia just as she had been bound; and
hence was incapable of setting up any defence or
condition which she could have not done under a like
act by her Legislature. And it really cannot be
necessary to show, that in this case at least,
Georgia could not have set up the kingly preroga-
tive that governments and sovereigns pay no in-
terest; for notwithstanding that plea might have
been good under some circumstances, still I think
a precedent cannot be found to justify such exemp-
tion where a State had kept in her own hands, and
withheld from one of her own citizens, money
which she had received to his use.
I hope I may be permitted, without the charge
of having libelled an idea, to state that in the view
thus taken of the peculiar obligation of the Govern-
ment in this case to pay interest, the whole argu-
ment rests on the point that the United States,
whether propeily or improperly it makes no differ-
ence, agreed to pay exactly what Georgia was
bound to pay.
But it may be proper to inquire, what are the
ordinary obligations and practice of the Govern-
ment in respect to her own debts? Before, how-
ever, entering on that inquiry, we will look at the
law of the courts between ihe Government and its
creditors as distinguished from what may be called
the political code of the State as administered in
the departments of the Government. In relation
to the former, Judge Story, in the case of Thorn-
dike vs. the United States, 1 Mason, 120, says:
" Can it make any difference, in the construction
'of the contract, that the Government is the debtor
'in place of the creditor? In reason, in justice, and
' in equity, it ought to make none, and there is not a
' scintilla of law to justify any. If a suit could be
' maintained against the Government, I do not see
' why it would not be as much the duty of the court
' to render judgment in such suit for the principal
' and the interest, in the same manner as it would
'in the case of private citizens. The United States
' have no prerogative to claim one law in their con-
' tracts as creditors and another as debtors. If aa
'creditors they are entitled to interest, as debtors
' they are bound also to pay it." This is the opinion
of one of the most enlightened jurists of the age on
the subject of the payment of interest between citi-
zens and States. And while it is true that this
rule of the courts is not strictly applicable to the
Government in its executive departments, still the
course of the reasoning clearly shows that the ex-
emption of the State from the full force of the le-
gal rule must be founded in expediency, and not
on principle: so that when it is said that govern-
ments pay no interest, we must take care that prac-
tically we control the doctrine by right reason—
some sound principle; or otherwise thegovernment
that was organized f.ir the maintenance of right
and justice will be converted into an instrument of
wrong and injustice.
But returning from this digression to the politi-
cal rule of the Government in relation to interest,
the question recurs, was the interest in the princi-
pal case paid in conformity to law or precedent ?
Those who maintain the negative start with what
they would present as an established maxim,
"that sovereigns and governments do not pay in-
terest to each other or to individuals." Now as
interest when not agreed upon (which is the case
contemplated) is an indemnity forfailureto perform
an agreement, this maxim translated into plain
English runs thus: Sovereigns and governments
do not hold themselves responsible to give com-
pensation for breach of contract. This doctrine,
without some qualification, must certainly have
had its origin before the time of Cromwell, and
badly accords with our notion of the present day
that governments are but the instruments to pro-
mote and to secure the personal rights of the citi-
zens. It is true, in general, that governments do
not hold themselves liable to pay interest; and for
the purpose of putting a proper interpretation on
that rule, we must learn the reason on which it is
founded, it is this: Governments are supposed
to be at all times ready and willing to pay their
debts, and the public convenience, it may be said
