I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
445
31st Cong 1st Sess.
The Galphin Claim—Mr. McKissock.
Ho. or Reps.
necessity, requires that, contrary to the ordinary ob-
ligation between creditor and debtor, the creditor is,
in thia case, bound to seek the debtor and present
hiaclaim for payment before the latter ia in default.
The whole theory and practice in relation to claims
against the Government are founded substantially
on those considerations, modified by peculiar cir-
cumstances and equities in particular cases.
The first case cited by those who contend for the
literal interpretation of the rule, is the following,
arising in the time of Mr. Hamilton. In 1786,
Congress resolved that South Carolina pay to a
certain clasa of her officers (10,276, for which that
Slate was to hare credit on the specie proportion,
aa it was called,of a late requisition. In pursuance
of this resolution, drafts were drawn on thecommis-
sioner of loans for that State, payable to bearers.
These drafts not being paid on presentation, were
afterwarda taken up by the Treasury board, and
the officers made an application to Congress for
the interest till payment. The question was re-
ferred to Mr. Hamilton, who reported, in 1790,
against the allowance. This opinion is offered to
■how that governments never pay interest.
But Mr. Hamilton Bays no such thing; but sim-
ply, that it was not the practice to pay interest on
drafts payable to bearer, and mentioned as a*rea-
son that it would lead to confusion, as drafts of that
kind were never negotiated with relation to inter-
est. He also intimates that there was some excuse
from the embarrassed state of the public finances;
saying also, that it was an evil rather to be borne
than redressed. It has also been said that the
opinion of Mr. Wirt, Attorney Qeneral, in the
ease of Aquilla Giles, which contains the principles
that have governed the accounting afficers in deci-
ding the question of the payment of interest, is
strongly adverse to its allowance. But when ex- |
amined, it contains no principle or rule decisive of
the present case, though the general reasoning is
decidedly in favor of deciding according to the
merits of the questions presented, rather than ac-
cording to an inflexible rule. Giles held a warrant
issued by B. Lincoln dated the year 1783, express-
ing on its face to be for balance of year's pay as a
Major, #500. In 1819 Congress passed ah act for
his relief, directing the accounting officers to settle
the claim. Mr. Wirt, whoseopinion was request-
ed, said on the question of the payment of inter-
eat, that he saw no reason for departing from the
usual practice of the Treasury, which was not to
pay it; that the act of Congress did not direct
the payment of interest; nor did the warrant on
its face provide for it; and proceeds: "And I un-
' derstand it to be the sole fault of Giles himself
* that it has not been presented and paid orfunded.
' Interest is in the nature of damages for withhold-
ing money which the party ought to pay, but
' which he would not, or could not. But here it i
' appears on the face of Giles's own memorial that
'he has never made an application, for payment:
'and, therefore, there has been no withholding pay-
• ment against his consent"—(Opinions Attorneys
General, 195.) Now it will not, I think, be said by
any one, that, in such a case, interest would be
paid according to law or political expediency.
Great reliance has been placed on the opinion of
Mr. Butler, Attorney General, (Opinion*, 1158,)
in the case of Joseph Thomas. He uses this
language: "The claim for interest the account-
' ing officers do not think a proper allowance, be-
' cause the law (act) does not expressly give inter-
' est. As a general rule, their view is the correct 1
•one." The reference, it will be observed, is only ,
however to a "general view," and gentlemen, by
close examination of the opinion, would have
found that Mr. Butler not only intimates that
the rule of the accounting officers was not inveter-
ate, but after referring to the report of the com-
mittee that accompanied the bill for the relief of
Thomas, and the intimations of the court in a
suit between the United States and Thomas,
where he offered his claim as a set-off, he con-
cludes that interest should be allowed; and then
adds, that he was''confirmed" in that "conclusion"
by the fact that the "claim to interest is according
to equity and justice;"and then says: "Thiscon-
1 viction,[that is, that the interest should be paid on
' account of the equities of thecase] in theabsence
' of a reference to the judicial decision, and the
' reference to the question of interest in the report
' of the committee, might not perhaps have been
' sufficient to take the case out of the general rule
' stated by the accounting officers:" thereby
plainly intimating that equities and circumstances
| might be sufficient to take the case out of the gen-
eral rule; which is all for which we contend in
this branch of the argument. By an act of Con-
gress, authority was given "to receive, examine,
and adjudge, all cases of claims for losses occa-
sioned by the troops" of the United States.
Under that law, this question was submitted to
Mr. Crittenden, Attorney General: "Are the
United StateB bound to pay mtere-t on the dam-
ages in those cases where they have been awarded?"
In answer to which he said, in an opinion of the
17th of June, 1841: "Interest on the amount of
' these losses is certainly a very different thing
' from the losses themselves. The whole question
' was before Congress, and they legislated on the
' subject without making provision for the interest.
■ The inference to my mind is irresistible that they
1 did not intend to allow it." And then concludes
by saying that it is believed that in all the acts of
Congress passed for the settlement of "claims
against the Government," there was no instance
where interest had been allowed, except where it
had been expressly directed. While I am willing
to admit the correctness of the decision in thecase,
I am constrained to dissent from the strong lan-
guage of the general remark in respect to the al-
lowance of interest. And I will take occasion
hereafter to show that the observation was entire-
ly toogeneral. In theyearl822, Mr. Wirt (O/rin-
ions of the Attorney) General, 413) decided against
the payment of interest in a case under a treaty
with the Creek Indians of the date of 1821,
whereby the United States became responsible to
Georgia for certain depredations of that tribe; in
J which decision he alludes to the idea, "that inter-
est is not a thing of course, that it ia no part of the
, debt or a necessary consequence of the debt;"
: and this saying, adopted by him, is considered
I a matter of much consequence, by the strict
1 constructionists. But abstract theories or inci-
i dental dicta in an opinion are not of much avail,
where they are resorted to as an authority. And
it therefore becomes necessary to look to the
facts of this Creek case, to learn what was really
decided.
By the treaty the United States took the place of
the Indians, and were to pay as they were to have
paid Georgia by the treaties between themselves.
By those treaties the Creeks had become respon-
sible to Georgia for the return of such property
stolen or earned away, only as far as it might be in
existence and capable of being returned; nor did the
treaties contain any stipulation for damages. The
property in question had been stolen or carried
away some thirty or forty years, and the valuation
on which interest was claimed had been made at
the present value of such articles, which was more
than double the value at the time it was taken—the
value at which latter time being the true basis for
, calculating the interest, if it was to be allowed.
Again: notwithstanding the claim was only for
property still in being, it was assumed without
proof, on making the award, that it was all still in
existence, though it had been stolen or taken thirty
or forty years before. These are the statements
of the case by the Attorney General in his opin-
ion; and on account of them, he remarks: "I am
therefore of opinion, that equity, so far from re-
quiring, forbiJs the addition of interest to the
present appraisements." Prom which judgment
no one would appeal; nor do I think it would be
considered an authority for any other case than an
extreme one, essentially like the one on which it
was pronounced. Indeed, it is plain that he made
the decision solely on the ground of the excessive
valuation of the property, and because the prop-
erty-estimated was almost certainly not in ex-
istence.
I shall now refer to some authorities to show
.that there is no such unyielding rule against the
payment of interest by tbe Government as has
been asserted; but that, on the contrary, it has
often been paid where not promised by the con-
tract nor provided for by statute. In the case of
Major Thorp, already cited, (and there the statute !
directing the settlement gave no direction for the j
payment of. interest,) Attorney General Taney
said: "Butif in Major Thorp's case or any other, j
' the Secretary of War, upon review of the whole I
'evidencij should be of opinion that interest is
•justly due to the claimant, I think that he may
'legally allow it." Mrs.O'Sullivan's case was a
claim on account of the detention of a vessel be-
longing to her husband JohnO'Sullivan, by a com-
mercial and political agent of the United States, in
which, by an act of Congress, the Secretary of the
Treasury was directed to settle "and pay the
actual loss that might be shown." On this Mr.
Butler (Opinions Attorneys General, 1119,) deci-
ded that besides the difference of value when the
property was restored, the claimant was entitled to
interest on the value of the ship during the deten-
tion . Now what is the difference between this case
and the one that was the subject of Mr. Crittenden's
opinions on the 17th of June, 1841, already con-
sidered ? Nothing but that in the latter the officer
was to Bettle the amount of "the loss," and in the
other the amount of "the actual loss;" and it is
plain that the word actual, in the latter, instead of
being a word of enlargement, is.one of restriction,
confining to a more limited measure of damages.
Yet by the opinion of Mr. Crittenden, no interest,
it was said, was sver allowed on a claim, except
where it is especially provided for by law. Mr.
Whittlesey, the present Comptroller of the Trea-
sury, in his opinion, seems to think that he has dis-
posed of the opinion of Mr. Butler in the case of
Mrs. O'Sullivan by saying thattheaccountingofficer
was there clothed with thesame authority as a jury
in assessing damages in cases of torts. That is
very plainly the fact, but how does it get rid of the
effect of Mr. Butler's judgment? There is no
doubt that a jury would have had the right to give
interest by wayof damages in the O'Sullivancase.
Mr. Whittlesey should have shown why an ac-
counting officer might not be equally clothed with
the same authority as a jury in giving interest by
way of damages, if you please, for a detention of a
debt past doe and liquidated, bb for detention of
property in cases of torts. The question is not on
the power of the officer in either case to give .the
interest, but on the right. The act of 1823 author-
ized the accounting officer of the Treasury "to ad-
just and Bettle the accounts of Daniel D. Tomp-
kins, lata Governor Of New York, on principles of
equity and justice;" whereupon $14,438 was
allowed to him for interest though nothing was said
in the act in relation to the allowance of interest.
But then it i  said the words equity and justice
authorized thai decision. That is, the executive
officers of the Government, when acting judicially,
will be justified in deciding according to equity and
justice, when specially directed; but if not, then
they do so at the hazard of political and popular
denunciation. In 1841 an act was passed direct-
ing the Secretary of War to cause to be audited
the account of the city of Mobile for money ad-
vanced, and for the expenses of mounted men sent
to the Creek war, under the call of the Governor
of Alabama; and the balance found due was di-
rected to be paid. Under that law, interest was
allowed to the amount of many thousand dollars,
without direction for that allowance. So interest
was allowed on claims for supplies furnished for
the Florida war, though the statute authorizng the
settlement made no mention of interest.
But the Accounting officers of the Government
not only allow interest on claims under particular
circumstances without special direction, but they
sometimes to thatend give liberal interpretations to
statutes, resorting to real or supposed analogies to
other statutes on kindred subjects; and this is done
in the same spirit so distinctly expressed by Attor-
ney General Taney, in Major Thorp's case, in the
following words: "But in Major Thorp's case,
' or any other, if the Secretary of War, upon a re-
' view of the whole evidence, should-.be of the
' opinion that interest is justly due to theclaimant,
' I think he may legally allow it." Thus in 1816
Congress passed an act directing the accounting of-
ficers to settle with Mrs. Hamilton, widow of Alex-
ander Hamilton, and allow her five years' full pay
for the services of her husband in the revolutionary
war, containing the following words: "Which five
years' full pay is the commutation of his halt' pay
for life." On thi3 statute, Mr. Rush, Attorney
General, decided that Mrs. Hamilton was entitled
to interest from 1783, on the ground of the peculiar
words of the statute of 1816, taken in connection
with the resolution of 1783, authorizing certificates
for five years' full pay, bearing interest at six per
