
the district. I had some weeks before been warned that an officer in my command had advised General Lee to send a party on the Greensburg road to capture me. I endeavored, by placing Gover's regiment on this road, to guard against, it at the same time I protected the front, but in vain. I made my escape with great difficulty after the enemy had surrounded my headquarters and fired into it. Major Cary can give you details which would weary you here. I know, sir, you are disappointed, but I can only say I have earnestly desired to carry out your wishes. I have met from the first with deep and combined resistance. The suppression of the cotton trade has raised a host of bitter enemies. These officers and leave must the district and their places be supplied by other or the trouble will never cease. With hardly an exception all are corrupt. I shall cheerfully acquiesce in any determination you may arrive at; I only desire your confidence an approval. And permit me, sir to say that in removing the troops the order must come from you, and bear with it the evidence that your own eye is upon the movement, or it will be evaded. I shall still endeavor to do my duty.

With lasting feelings of gratitude and respect, I am, your friend and obedient servant,

GEO. B. HODGE,

Brigadier-General.

His Excellency President DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF S. W. MISS. AND EAST LA.,Numbers 45. October 20, 1864.

* * * *

IV. Colonel Powers will move with this regiment and establish his camp somewhere in the vicinity of Woodville, where forage can readily be obtained. He will picket the ford of the Homochitto, and communicate any movements of the enemy in that direction to these headquarters; will, by telegraph, notify the commander of the forces at Clinton. He will hold himself constantly in readiness to concentrate his force and move to the assistance of that operating on the Bayou Sara and Baton Rouge roads.

V. The First and Third Louisiana and the regiment now being formed by Colonel Cage with, by the senior officer, be kept in its encampment near Clinton, moving camp only to obtain forage and pasturage, and always notifying these headquarters immediately of any change in the location of the camp. The senior officer of the encampment will see that strong pickets are constantly kept on the Baton Rouge and Bayou Sara roads, and will immediately notify headquarters of any movements of the enemy.

By order of Brigadier-General Hodge:

N. T. N. ROBINSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISS. AND EAST LA.,Ten Miles from Clinton, October 22, 1864-7 p. m.

Colonel GOBER,

Commanding Cavalry, Nebo Church:

COLONEL: Report to me immediately on your arrival at Williams' Bridge that fact. Picket the country east of Amite River. When satis-

