
armed with Maynard carbines. I send them because General Thomas seems to think it best they should get off immediately. General Thomas has ordered General Granger to send all detachments of cavalry to this place as rapidly as possible, and from his general conversation I believe he will do his utmost to help us concentrate the command. I had hoped to keep the Eleventh until the arrival of General Hammond, but of course it cannot be, in view of the danger threatening your small command. We have here now the Tenth and Twelfth Tennessee, part of the Ninth Indiana, the Third and Fourth Tennessee, and shall get them ready as fast as possible. I have received no reports as to the progress of affairs at Louisville, but shall telegraph to ascertain, if I do not hear to-night. I shall urge General Watkins to hurry his troops as fast as possible. A small detachment of the Seventh Illinois reported here to-day (twenty-three men) from Memphis. The sergeant reported that other troops were on the way, but his story needs corroboration, for no others have reported. No telegrams from Noyes yet. I send five letters that came to-day. The Seventh Ohio is most ready to march. I shall send everything your order via Columbia until I hear otherwise. There are several detachments belonging to Croxton's brigade that are now ready to march, and I think it is best to send direct via Columbia to join their command, as I suppose you will concentrate all the cavalry force you can somewhere along the railroad. These men are anxious to join their brigade, and I believe are excellent troops. Green, McCormick, and Carling are working well. The trains are being hurried up as fast as the quartermaster's department can furnish the material. Fifty car-loads of hay are expected to-night, and Carling has secured a supply for the cavalry horses here. The trains of the First and Second Divisions will be ready by Saturday, if wagons and ambulances arrive that are expected. The ambulances that they now have will do short service, if the new ones do not arrive in time. The Seventh Ohio will be ready to march in a day or two, and if it is necessary to have wagons it can be supplied in the First and Second Division trains. I hope you will give Forrest a small whirl on the Winchester style.

Very sincerely, your friend,

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Nashville, Tenn., November 23, 1864.

Colonel R. R. STEWART,

Commanding Eleventh Indiana Cavalry:

COLONEL: You will march with your command to-morrow (24th), at 12m., for Columbia, Tenn., leaving the 150 recruits that arrived here to-day under proper number of officers. They will be sent to join you as soon as they can be mounted and equipped. Upon your arrival at Columbia you will ascertain the whereabouts of General R. W. Johnson, commanding Sixth Cavalry Division, and report to him without delay, or to Brevet Major-General Wilson.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

