HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Nashville, Tenn., November 23, 1864.

Colonel R. R. STEWART,

Commanding Eleventh Indiana Cavalry:

Upon your arrival at Columbia, Tenn., you will await orders from General Wilson or General Schofield.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Memphis, Tenn., November 23, 1864.

Captain E. B. BEAUMONT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Cavalry Corps, Mil. Div. of the Mississippi:

CAPTAIN: Upon my return to Saint Louis I found about 400 of Colonel Winslow's command, consisting of small detachments of each company in the command, had arrived at that point, and that the balance of the command had returned through Missouri into Arkansas and will probably return to Memphis by that route. Accordingly, I obtained an order from General Rosecrans for the detachment which had reached Saint Louis to be sent to Memphis, as they had been absent from their camps for over seventy-five days and their records were much behind. Besides, I felt satisfied that the command could sooner be got together at Memphis than at any other point. I have seen General C. C. Washburn, commanding at this point, and he says that no movement can be made until the cavalry returns from Arkansas. Such of my command as is here is in good condition, with the exception of a few arms being needed, for which requisition has been made. It is uncertain when the troops will arrive from Arkansas. When last heard from they were in the vicinity of Fort Scott, and I fear General Steele will detain them. The cavalry from Vicksburg and Natchez have not yet arrived here, nor do I know whether they will, unless they are specially ordered to report to me. If they were here I could in a very short time mount and equip them, as I have already made arrangements for horses for that purpose.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, November 23, 1864-12 m.

Brigadier General R. S. GRANGER, Decatur and Huntsville:

The enemy has commenced advancing on Pulaski. I want you, therefore, to be ready to abandon Athens, Huntsville, and Decatur on the arrival of trains which have been ordered to you, and fall back with your old command on Stevenson, posting your outposts first on the east bank of Paint Rock Creek, and if the enemy advances on you, to fall back to the east bank of Crow Creek, holding your main force at Stevenson to hold that place; also have the approaches to Stevenson well guarded, so that you can have prompt information of the approach of the enemy on your position. Do not withdraw your outpost from Paint Rock until you ascertain that the enemy is advancing on them. Crow Creek should be picketed as soon as you reach Stevenson. Cover your with-

