
drawal with your cavalry force, a body of which should be posted on Elk River, to give you notice of any advance of the enemy, and should not fall back until you are ready to leave Athens. Your hold infantry regiments must march. The railroad trains must be used to bring away your artillery and ammunition to Stevenson, and the One hundred and seventy-fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry and the One hundred and eighty-first Ohio Volunteer Infantry and the Third, Fourth, and Twenty-ninth Michigan Volunteer Infantry-these five last regiments must be sent to Murfreesborough at once. The artillery at Decatur and the pontoon bridge can be taken by steamers; the artillery to Caperton's Ferry, and thence to Stevenson by road, and the pontoon bridge to Bridgeport. Have all your troops take at least three days' provisions on their persons, and bring away in your wagons and any extra railroad transportation you may have after sending away the five infantry regiments above mentioned all the balance of the pubic property destroying what you cannot bring away. Send as many of the dismounted cavalry to Nashville as you can get transportation for after getting to Stevenson. Communicate at once with Bridgeport per steamer, and get ready to withdraw. You should hold Decatur until the garrison and stores at Athens are taken away. Then the steamers could move up the river with your pontoons and soon be safe. I have informed General Rousseau of this move. I wish you to be prompt, but do not allow your men to get stampeded; everything depends on coolness. Acknowledge receipt.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteer, Commanding.

HUNTSVILLE, November 23, 1864-5 p.m.

Major-General THOMAS:

Your dispatch of 12 m. just received, and will be promptly attended to. I have just arrived from Decatur; will return this evening, and press everything forward.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., November 23, 1864-2.05 p.m.

Brigadier General R. W. JOHNSON, Pulaski, Tenn.:

You will please conform to the movements and obey such orders as Major-General Schofield may direct or issue.

LOVELL H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MEMPHIS AND CHARLESTON RAILROAD DEFENSES,Huntsville, Ala., November 23, 1864.

Captain M. D. WILLIAMS,

Commanding Twelfth Indiana Cavalry, at Whitesburg:

You will immediately march with your command to this place, bringing with you all public property there for which you have transportation. Destroy all boats and all property that you cannot move.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. P. LYON,

Colonel, Commanding.

