
above Centreville, and report your action to Brigadier-General Ruger, at Columbia. The men will take three days' rations on their persons and five days' rations and forage in their wagons. You can get the necessary wagons by receipting to Captain Howland, assistant quartermaster at Johnsonville. Answer. Inform me where Colonel Thompson, Twelfth Colored Infantry, is; I want him at Johnsonville.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, November 24 [23], 1864-3 p.m.

Colonel C. R. THOMPSON,

Johnsonville:

I have ordered General Cooper to march his brigade to Centreville to-morrow morning. You will be left in command of Johnsonville. Have all the Government property except ten days' rations for the troops and employes there and ten days' forage for the teams sent to Nashville at once, if transportation can be had. Have the two fords of Duck River near your post picketed by the Second Tennessee Mounted Infantry, to give you timely notice of the approach of the enemy, and should he threaten you in such force as to endanger the entire safety of the garrison, you must withdraw the garrison with the wagon train and the battery of colored artillery to Fort Donelson, by the best and most direct road. Understand, however, that Johnsonville must not be abandoned, unless you are convinced that the enemy is approaching in such force as will make a successful defense of the post impossible and that he has the means of crossing Duck River. Should you have to fall back on Donelson send your wagons and artillery ahead, under a strong guard. The block-house garrisons can join you by way of Clarksville. Answer.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

KNOXVILLE, November 23, 1864-5.30 p.m.

Major-General THOMAS:

I find upon inquiry that there [are] now on hand here 51,000 rations of meat, 54,000 rations of bread and flour together, and small rations in proportion-less than six days' rations for 10,000 men. Would it not be well to have more pushed forward immediately?

GEO. STONEMAN,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, November 23, 1864.

Major-General STONEMAN,

Knoxville:

General Steedman, at Chattanooga, telegraphs me that he will relieve the First and Second Ohio Heavy Artillery to-day and order the First Ohio Artillery to Knoxville. Have you any news?

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

