
LEXINGTON, November 23, 1864 (Received 7.35 p.m.)

N. P. CHIPMAN,

Colonel, &amp;c., Washington, D. C.:

Lieutenant-Governor Jacob was arrested for making speeches in Kentucky, in which he advised armed resistance to the enrollment and enlistment of slaves; advised citizens to arm to resist military interference at the polls on election day; and generally his whole conduct and speeches have been wholly disloyal, calculated and intended to obstruct the Government in putting down the rebellion and to encourage the rebels to hold out and to expect aid from the North. The written evidence against him is in the hands of Lieutenant-Colonel Duff, acting assistant adjutant-general of Lieutenant-General Grant's staff, now on his way to Washington. His whereabouts are not known; he was at Catlettsburg on the 14th instant. The post commander at that place had orders to send him via the Kanawha Valley into the rebel lines.

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

LEXINGTON, KY., November 23, 1864.

Brevet Major-General BURBRIDGE,

Crab Orchard, Ky.:

Dispatch received. No saddles yet arrived from Louisville; think I will have enough without them. Colonel Wade marched from here this afternoon. The Thirtieth is at Frankfort, and will reach here to-morrow; will send it forward at once. The Thirty-ninth and Forty-fifth Buckley's, and Stanhope's, will leave Thursday; sooner, if I get enough horses. Detachments of the Eleventh Michigan must be near Crab Orchard; they have had time to reach you since they marched. I will remain, but will personally see every mounted man that can be got ready, beyond Camp Nelson, and farther, if I deem it necessary.

N. C. McLEAN,

Brigadier-General.

LEXINGTON, KY., November 23, 1864.

Brevet Major-General BURBIRDGE,

Barboursville, Ky.:

I have labored night and day, and everything has either gone from here, or will yet march to Camp Nelson to-night, except the Thirty-ninth Kentucky; they have been pressing horses for the command, and will return to-night; they will march in the morning. I will go myself to Camp Nelson, to insure the marching of every available mounted man from that place. Colonel Weatherford is to-day at Crab Orchard, having lost by desertion all but 150 of his men. He hopes 100 of them will join him at Crab Orchard. I never before had such trouble, and have succeeded thus far under great tribulation. Keep me posted, and don't let a force slip by you without giving me notice, so that I can raise troops for defense.

N. C. McLEAN,

Brigadier-General.

