HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, MILITARY DIST. OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., November 23, 1864.

Colonel STANHOPE,

Fifty-fifth Kentucky Volunteers:

You will move your command by rail to Nicholasville immediately. Cars are waiting for you at present. As soon as you arrive at Nicholasville you will move to Crab Orchard via Camp Nelson. Three companies Fifty-third Kentucky have been ordered to report to you. Four companies Forty-fifth Kentucky will report to you as soon as they arrive at Camp Nelson. The three companies Fifty-third Kentucky are on the train at the depot. The general wishes you to report here before you go to depot.

By command of Brigadier-General McLean:

J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, MILITARY DIST. OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., November 23, 1864.

Colonel H. M. BUCKLEY,

Fifty-fourth Kentucky Infantry Volunteers:

You will proceed at once with your regiment to Camp Nelson, where you will draw ammunition for your command, and march on without delay to Crab Orchard, where, if you are the ranking officer, you will take command of all detachments and move on to Cumberland Gap by forced marches and report to General Burbridge; if you are not the ranking officer, show this order to the proper one, and inform him that it is the orders of the general to move all from Crab Orchard immediately to Cumberland Gap, as shown above. Supply yourself at Crab Orchard with rations and forage to Cumberland Gap. Move steadily and cautiously.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

UNOFFICIAL.] HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN DEPARTMENT,

Cincinnati, Ohio, November 23, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

What is in the wind now? The newspapers of this city announce that the headquarters of the Northern Department are to be transferred to Columbus. This of itself I should think nothing, but a staff officer just returned from the State capital informs me that it is spoken of by the State officials as a fixed fact; that the transfer is to be made on the 1st proximo; and that they are even selecting the buildings that shall be rented for the use of myself and staff on going there. In conversation with Governor Brought I was voluntarily informed by that shall be rented for the use of myself and staff on going there. In conversation with Governor Brought I was voluntarily informed by that official that he knew nothing of it, and has nothing to do with the arrangement for this change. You have better means of knowing of the truthfulness of this statement than myself. But whether he did or did not I know that no military or political consideration has been assigned for making the transfer, for none exists. On the contrary,

