
madness in them to dream of interference. I intend to administer my affairs to the best of my ability, and concede to them the exercise of the same right. On learning of the change in contemplation many of the most influential citizens here expressed a desire to hold a public meeting to arrest it, and were restrained only by my advice not to. It is a matter for the authorities to determine, not the citizens of Cincinnati or Columbus.

In conclusion I may add that until I saw the announcement that I was to go to Columbus on the 1st of December, I felt that I was in the enjoyment of your confidence in the performance of my duties, as I had not heard to the contrary; but if I have forfeited it, as now appears I shall make no complaint to the assignment of the command of one who is more fortunate. I have no wish to exercise an office in which I cannot receive the courtesy and consideration which belongs to it.

The foregoing is written under the impression that this change has been made on solicitations addressed to you. If I am in error, and it has been made under the sanction of His Excellency the President, I request that this letter be referred to him. Not knowing into whose hands it might fall during your illness is the reason for my making it unofficial.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, TENN., November 23, 1864-1 p.m.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Has General Smith and command embarked for this place yet? If so, when? They should hurry forward as rapidly as possible. Please acknowledge receipt of this.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., November 23, 1864.

Major General G. H. THOMAS, Nashville, Tenn.:

Just returned from Cincinnati. Find part of Smith's command has already started; rest, I am told, move to-night. A copy of your dispatch has been sent him. Winslow's cavalry have at last started this way, instead of by Little Rock. Anything I can do for you, I will; let me know.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, November 23, 1864-10 p.m.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Your dispatch of 7.30 p.m. to-day just received. If it is possible to mount General Winslow's command on good, fresh horses at Saint Louis, I will he much obliged if you will have this done at once, and when completed I desire that the division be sent by boats to this place via Cumberland River as rapidly as possible. Please answer.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

