
PADUCAH, November 23, 1864-10.30 p.m.

Major General A. J. SMITH:

The following order has just been received, and I am forwarding your troops to Louisville as quick as I can obtain transportation.*

S. MEREDITH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, TENN., November 24, 1864-9 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

The following dispatch from General Hatch is forwarded for your information:

FOUR MILES FROM CAMPBELLSVILLE,

November 23, 1864-10 p.m.

Major-General THOMAS:

We have had a good deal of sharp skirmishing to-day; this evening, before dark, quite spirited. General Croxton's brigade had the rear on the road from Lawrenceburg. On leaving the camp, three miles from Lawrenceburg, this morning, the skirmishing began. General Croxton reports force attacking his was infantry, and thinks it is the enemy's advance. We captured two prisoners (infantry) from Stevenson's division. I look for enemy's cavalry to-morrow at Campbellsville.

EDWARD HATCH,

Brigadier-General.

(Same to General Schofield.)

General Schofield from Columbia reports he has not heard from the troops sent to the fords below Columbia. He reports some skirmishing in his front, but the enemy has displayed only cavalry. Major-General Stoneman from Knoxville reports that the indications are that the enemy has fallen back to Bull's Gap. He is putting everything in readiness to take the field. General Burbridge will be at Cumberland Gap to-night. General Granger from Decatur reports that all in quiet at that point, and he has not been able to learn anything of the whereabouts of the enemy or of his movements.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

CITY POINT, November 24, 1864-4 p.m.

(Received 25th.)

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Nashville:

Following proclamation of Beauregard just taken from Savannah papers of 21st. Do not let Forrest get off without punishment.

CORINTH, November 18.

(Via Selma.)

TO THE PEOPLE OF GEORGIA:

Arise for the defense of your native coast! Rally around your gallant soldiers! Obstruct and destroy the roads in Sherman's front, flanks, and rear, and his army will soon starve in your midst! Be confident and resolute! Trust in our overruling Providence, and success will crown your efforts. I hasten to join you in defense of your homes and firesides.

BEAUREGARD.

U. S. GRAN,

Lieutenant-General.

---------------

*See first dispatch Thomas to Smith, November 19, p. 953.

---------------

