
CITY POINT, VA., November 24, 1864-4 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Washington:

The President proposed sending Burnside to Kentucky to relieve Burbridge, and I consented to it. On reflection, I think it a bad selection. Burbridge should be removed, and General Thomas had better be directed to find him employment elsewhere and substitute a commander himself for Kentucky.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, Tenn., November 24, 1864.

Captain CHARLES H. IRVIN, Assistant Quartermaster:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor, by the direction of the major-general commanding, to inform you with reference to the detainment of a portion of the employes of your department for work on the fortifications of Nashville under the direction of Brigadier-General Tower, that it is the desire of the major-general commanding to have you consult with General Tower and make such arrangements as will meet his wishes, furnishing to him such daily details as he may require, so far as you are possibly able to do so.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, November 24, 1864-9 a.m.

(Received 5.30 p.m.)

Major-General SCHOFIELD, Lynville or Columbia:

Your dispatch of 10.30 p.m. [23rd] is received. Did you get a message from General Ruger, stating that Capron was driven back by superior forces? He also says a citizen of Perry County reports that a large part of Forrest's command is north of Duck River. I ordered Ruger to send a force to Centreville and Williamsport yesterday, and have also ordered Cooper to march with his brigade and a battery from Johnsonville to Centerville, and hope they may arrive in time, as I can hardly think Forrest is across yet, but have no doubt he will attempt it. You had better draw in your forces sufficiently near Columbia to be in supporting distance, or go to Columbia and dispose the troops to defend the place. In case you have to go to Columbia, the cavalry should cover your left flank and observe the roads leading to the eastward. Did Colonel Moore reach Columbia last night?

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General U. S. Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, November 24, [23?], 1864-11 a.m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD, Pulaski or Lynnville:

Have you seen General Hatch's dispatch of 8 p.m. of yesterday? He believes Hood's advance is at Lawrenceburg; if so, it is best for you to withdraw from Pulaski and concentrate at Lynnville or Columbia.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

