
COLUMBIA, TENN., November 24, 1864-8.45 p.m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Nashville:

GENERAL: I have just heard from Hatch. At 4 o'clock he was at Lynnville; had been fighting one division and a brigade of rebel cavalry during the day; will move this way to-night; he has [had] pretty hard work, but has done well. The indications are that Hood gave up his movement on Columbia this morning, and is now going toward Pulaski, and that Forrest is about Mount Pleasant with all his force, except that in front of Hatch. It was Rucker's brigade, followed by Forrest, that drove in Capron; this I gather from prisoners.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, November 24, 1864-10 p.m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Columbia:

Brigadier-General Cooper, with his command, passed Waverly this p.m., and I hope will be able to reach Centerville to-morrow afternoon. Can you not cover the pontoon bridge with a bridge-head, and hold it, so as to preserve the bridge for crossing whenever we get ready to advance? General Rousseau informed me that the block-houses protecting the railroad bridge cannot be reached by the enemy's artillery, therefore the enemy could not get near enough to the bridge to destroy it if the block-houses are held. About 1,000 cavalry will start from here to-morrow for Columbia to report to General Hatch.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,

Lynnville, Tenn., November 24, 1864-1.45 a.m.

Sound reveille immediately, and an hour after march for Columbia. The following will be the order: First, General Wagner, who will leave one regiment at this point until the train has passed; General Wood will follow General Wagner, leaving one regiment to bring up all cattle; next will come Artillery Brigade; then General Whitaker will follow the artillery; trains will follow the First Division (General Whitaker's).

By order of Major-General Stanley:

W. H. SINCLAIR,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Columbia, Tenn., November 24, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Army of the Ohio:

SIR: I am informed by a citizen a Mr. Hughes an intelligent man, a resident here, that there is a ford six miles below here called Hun-

