
NASHVILLE, TENN., November 24, 1864.

Brevet Major-General WILSON:

I shall send two regiments to-morrow and perhaps three. General Thomas had directed Colonel Garrard to take command. I will sent the Fourth Tennessee day after to-morrow to you. The regiment that starts to-morrow escorts a supply train for General Schofield. General Thomas has ordered the Tenth Indiana and detachments from Huntsville. Seven hundred men of Hatch's division arrived to-night from Memphis; expect more to-morrow. Carling will send the forage. We are pushing everything as fast as possible.

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Nashville, November 24, 1864.

Brevet Major-General WILSON:

GENERAL: I am using every means in my power to start to-morrow the Tenth, Twelfth, and Fourth Tennessee and Seventh Ohio to join you. The commanding officer of the Tenth Tennessee has been very neglectful of his duty, and it would be well to get rid of him. I have ordered Lieutenant-Colonel Miner, Seventh Ohio (with consent of General Thomas), to take command of Camp Webster, for it needs a good officer to keep things in order. Colonel Lowe has gone off on leave. Lieutenant Tunica could not get off this morning. Noyes telegraph from Saint Louis to-day (24th) that Colonel Winslow's command is en route from Springfield for Saint Louis; would be there in a week; also that Winslow's division can be mounted at Saint Louis, as the quartermaster of the Cavalry Bureau has plenty of horses. Seven hundred men of Hatch's division from Memphis arrived to-night. I have issued the order for the corps, division, and brigade flags. Colonel Garrard will command the troops that leave to-morrow, by the direction of General Thomas. Colonel Miner, who is temporarily assigned to the command of Camp Webster, seems to be an energetic man, and I will give him ample instructions to "raise the hair" of any officer who neglects his duty. Mr. Pool, from Shawneetown, was here to-day, and expects his son, the captain, to-morrow. I shall look out for him. If you can possibly spare him, I would like to keep him here for a short time. I have my hands full to keep affairs going. Captain Green is a steam-boat; I don't know how we could get along without him. With your permission I would like to detail two or three officers for temporary duty here, to watch the troops and keep the officers at work. I hope all will go well with you. Be assured that I shall spare no exertions to push matters here.

I am, general, very sincerely, &c.,

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLUMBIA, November 24, 1864.

Captain R. H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

General Wilson, commanding cavalry, has requested me to remain with him. It is the commanding general's desire that I remain?

