
HUNTSVILLE, November 24, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

Train of cars arrived at Huntsville; a part of them have been sent to Decatur. No troops have been sent from here, except a portion of our sick. The most of our artillery has gone, and the effects of the Thirteenth Indiana Cavalry are ready to go and are ordered to wait here until the troops arrive from Decatur. General Granger has full information of operations here. There are fifty car-loads of commissary stores here. We need more cars.

WM. P. LYON,

Thirteenth Wisconsin.

NASHVILLE, November 24, 1864.

Major-General MILROY,

Tullahoma:

The major-general commanding desires that you gather in what forage you can at Tullahoma, and send what wagons are not absolutely needed for post purposes to Murfreesborough. If you can get your forage with the few wagons needed for post purposes, send the others at once to Murfreesborough. Have scouts kept out on the roads to the west of you.

B. H. POLK,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEFENSE NASHVILLE AND CHATTANOOGA R. R.,Tullahoma, November 24, 1864.

Major HAMILTON,

Shelbyville:

Hood is at Pulaski, and may come on east. Keep scouting parties well out west, and be prepared to fall back to Duck River bridge. If the rebels come, tell K. D.

R. H. MILROY,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEFENSES NASHVILLE AND CHATTANOOGA R. R.,Tullahoma, Tenn., November 24, 1864.

Colonel WILLARD WARNER,

180th Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Commanding Post, Decherd:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs me to say to you that he has information that Hood's army is all north of the Tennessee River and moving east, and may come through across the line of this railroad. He therefore desires that you put your command at Decherd and Elk River in the best possible condition for defense; see that your arms are all in order and that you have a good supply of ammunition on hand. The Tennessee and Alabama Railroad south of Columbia and the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad west of Stevenson are abandoned, so that this railroad is the advance toward the enemy. You will therefore keep all westerly roads well picketed and send scouting parties on these road, especially toward Salem. Telegraph these

