
been recalled from Tennessee, to fall on Sherman's rear. This is also indicated by Beauregard's proclamation to the people of Georgia, sent from Corinth through Selma.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

NASHVILLE, TENN., November 25, 1864-11 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Chief of Staff:

Major-General Schofield telegraphs me, under date 24th instant, just received to-day, that he had heard at 4 p.m. yesterday from General Hatch, who was at Lynnville. General Hatch had been fighting one division and a brigade of rebel cavalry; he has had pretty hard work, but he has done well; he was to move to Columbia last night. Prisoners taken reported Forrest's whole force about Mount Pleasant. Your dispatch of 12 m. to-day is received. I will not call for militia unless I deem it absolutely necessary. A very reliable scout of mine has come in to-day and reports that Hood's whole force is in front of Columbia, and he does not think Hood has any intention of going back to Georgia, unless we can drive him back. He estimates Hood's entire effective force at 55,000 men. Major-General Stoneman telegraphs me from Knoxville tha the enemy has fallen back to Bull's Gap, and that he is preparing to take the field. General Burbridge was to be at Cumberland Gap on the 24th. The lines are working badly to-day, and have received no dispatches from General Schofield or General Granger to-day; but the scout mentioned above informed me that there had been only slight skirmishing to-day.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, November 25, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL, U. S. ARMY, Washington, D. C.:

Many 100-days' men in East Tennessee were mustered in to take effect from date of completion of regiment three or four months since. The regiment is not fully yet, and never will be. I request authority to muster out of service all 100-days' men in Tennessee. They claim their discharges, are insubordinate, and worthless. If discharged many will enter other regiments and become of use.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Numbers 418. Washington, November 25, 1864.

Paragraph 1, Special Orders, Numbers 403, November 17, 1864, from this office, is hereby so amended as to read:

As soon as sufficiently recovered from his wounds, Brigadier General E. Upton, brevet major-general, U. S. Volunteers, will report in person to the commanding general Department of the Cumberland for assignment to duty.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

