HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Columbia, Tenn., November 25, 1864.

Major General D. S. STANLEY, Commanding Fourth Corps:

GENERAL: I have been on the lines since you were at my quarters, and have occupied with my division, deployed into single rank, from the high point of the ridge occupied by the Second Division to the left of our line. These are the limits of front given to me by Captain Steele, and though enormous, I could hold it against anything but a decided infantry attack. I supposed from what Captain Steele said that General Cox would connect with my division at the high point on the ridge, but Captain Cox, says there is a gap of half a mile on my right. I do not know whether it is intended that General Cox should connect with my right or not, but deem it proper to report the absence of connection that those charged with the matter may be properly informed. I am now stretched out like an India rubber string, and as there is a limit of possibility can go no farther.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,FIELD ORDERS, In the Field, Columbia, Tenn.,

Numbers 163. November 25, 1864.

The following movement will be made to-night, viz:

General Stanley will withdraw from his present position his entire force, except one division, and take position in the interior line now being constructed. He will occupy the line strongly and complete the entrenchments to-night. General Cox will cross the river with two brigades on the pontoon bridge where it now is, and bivouac for to-night. General Ruger will take position at the railroad bridge and intrench a strong bridge-head. General Stanley will commence his movement as soon after dark as practicable. General Cox will move as soon as General Stanley shall have cleared the road. General Ruger will move at the same time with General Cox. General Stanley will leave one division in present lines covering the Pulaski and General Cox will leave one brigade in his present line covering the Mount Pleasant pike. These brigades will picket the front, and will hold their positions unless the enemy attack with infantry in force.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS,Numbers 72. Columbia, Tenn., November 25, 1864.

* * * *

Colonel Strickland will, on the receipt of this order, move his command at this place, including the Seventy-second Illinois Volunteers, to the railroad bridge over Duck River, and encamp it on this side (south) of the river. The command will have breakfast, and be ready for orders at daylight.

By command of Brigadier General Thomas H. Ruger:

S. H. HUBBELL,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

