HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Columbia, November 25, 1864.

Major J. A. CAMPBELL, Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: In receiving verbal instructions from General Schofield, he spoke of the brigade on the Mount Pleasant pike withdrawing at daylight and the skirmish line coming back to the main line now occupied. The written order contemplates the brigade remaining there till further orders. That there may be no possible misapprehension, I beg to call the commanding general's attention to the point again, and to inquire whether Colonel Henderson (who remains) shall hold his position till further orders from corps headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Columbus, November 25, 1864-7 p.m.

(Via Franklin 26th.)

Major E. B. BEAUMONT, Asst. Adjt. General, Cavalry Corps:

Your communications of the 23rd and 24th are received. Your work so far is entirely satisfactory; hurry everything forward as rapidly as possible; don't delay anything for the sake of organization, further than to keep regiments together as much as possible; I will make the best disposition I can in the field. Send Hatch's men forward as rapidly as practicable; see that everybody who leaves Nashville is well supplied with ammunition and under somebody's command who can be held responsible for discipline. You can arrest the colonel or commanding officer of the Tenth Tennessee and prefer charges against him. Telegraph Noyes to have Grierson's men prepared for the field at Saint Louis and everything forwarded with the utmost possible rapidity; he must not leave the command till he is thoroughly satisfied it is coming as well as the men at Memphis. Retain Captain Pool, and make details for such other officers as you may need. Detachments of Ninth and Tenth Indiana and the Tenth and Twelfth Tennessee left to-day for Nashville. Get the Ninth Indiana together, mount, and send back the men of all regiments which are in the field with as little delay as possible. I directed the commanding officer of the detachments which left here to-day to turn over all men to the regiments he meets on the road. The Tenth and Twelfth Tennessee have a large number of wagons with them; have them turned over to Carling as amends for a division train for the Fifth Division. Send all of the Fourth Cavalry to the front to report to me, as soon as you can get it ready. General Schofield is in command of all U. S. forces in this quarter, and only replied to you while I was absent. Telegraph to him before starting the Fourth Cavalry to know where I am. Try and get suitable persons for chief commissary and medical director. Ask Doctor Cooper to send an officer, if only an assistant surgeon. Tell Carling to hurry up all his quartermaster arrangements; thank him and Green for the activity they have displayed. Give McCormick a leave for twenty days. Direct commanding officer to allow nobody to visit Nashville from dismounted camp. Hurry up Wilson in his arrangements to properly care for broken-down stock, and see that ample arrangements are made for its inspection as soon as it reaches the depot. Continue your exertions.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

