HEADQUARTERS FOURTH U. S. CAVALRY,November 25, 1864.

Major E. B. BEAUMONT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Cavalry Corps, Mil. Div. of the Mississippi:

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report:

In compliance with your instruction and order I proceeded with my command to the Summit, the scene of the late capture of a train on the Northwestern railroad, arriving there at noon on the 23rd, and camped within three miles south of the place, and sent out a scouting party, with instructions to scour the country for a distance of eight or ten miles in the direction the guerrilla party had retreated. The scouting party returned at night, and the officer in charge reported no guerrillas or any suspicious citizens to be found. The citizens living in the vicinity were all fortified with protection papers, and the oath in their pockets. They report that it was McNairy's guerrilla party that had captured the train, that it consisted of about seventy men, and immediately after doing the damage they had retreated in the direction from which they came, and their place of rendezvous is reported to be on Duck River, about thirty-five miles south of the railroad. I would also beg leave to report that a force of mounted colored troops from the regiment stationed six miles west of the Summit had preceded me and scouted over all that portion of the country. Not deeming it prudent to chase after McNairy and his party with my small force and his advantage of being two days in advance, I returned to camp at this place.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH HEDGES,

First Lieutenant, Fourth U. S. Cavalry, Commanding Regiment.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Numbers 20. Nashville, November 25, 1864.

* * * * *

III. Colonel T. J. Harrison, Eighth Indiana Cavalry, will proceed to Columbia, Tenn., to report to Brevet Major-General Wilson for orders.

* * * * *

V. Brigadier General J. H. Hammond having reported for duty at these headquarters is temporarily assigned to the command of the Fourth Tennessee and Ninth Indiana Cavalry. As soon as these regiments are ready for the field General Hammond will march with them to report to Brevet Major-General Wilson, at Columbia, Tenn.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson.

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 2nd Brigadier, 2nd DIV., CAV. CORPS,

Numbers 3. Near Louisville, Ky., November 25, 1864.

I. The following officers are announced on the staff of the colonel commanding; they will be respected accordingly: First Lieutenant Amos D. Leib, First Ohio Cavalry, acting assistant quartermaster; First Lieutenant Brainard Fish, Third Ohio Cavalry, aide-de-camp; Second Lieutenant

66 R R-VOL XLV, PT I

