
there let them feel out well toward Lewisburg for the enemy, reporting frequently all indications discovered. Upon reflection you had better make the force a good battalion. I understand the Lewisburg and Nashville road is a good one, and Duck River is probably passable there at nearly all times. Direct the commanding officer to send in all the information he can get in regard to bridges and fords on the river.

Very respectfully,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH DIVISION CAVALRY,November 25, 1864.

Major-General WILSON,

Chief of Cavalry:

GENERAL: The party sent to examine the Hamilton Ford, six miles below, report it impassable; nothing but a horse-path and not now passable. The party from there went down the river six miles farther to another ford reported there. This latter ford is also impassable, but there is a good road leading into and out of it, there having been a ferry there. The party is now at the lower ford (fifty men and an officer), and is ordered to remain there. They report no signs of the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. W. JOHNSON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Columbia, Tenn., November 25, 1864-10.15 p.m.

(Received 10.50 p.m.)

Brigadier General R. W. JOHNSON,

Commanding Sixth Division Cavalry:

General Schofield has received an unofficial report to the effect that the Ninety-first Illinois [Indiana] Infantry, sent a few days ago to Williamsport, on Duck River, had been picked up by the enemy. While he does not rely upon this information he feels somewhat anxious in regard thereto. Please send word to the commanding officer of the squadron you sent down Duck River last night to ascertain the whereabouts of the regiment just mentioned. The river from here to Williamsport must be closely watched in order that any movements of the enemy in that direction may be discovered in time. Please report as early as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,Columbia, Tenn., November 25, 1864.

Colonel HORACE CAPRON,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade:

COLONEL: An unofficial report has reached General Schofield that the Ninety-first Illinois [Indiana] Volunteers, sent a few days ago to Williamsport (some fifteen miles below here, on Duck River), has been

