
CHATTANOOGA, November 25, 1864-7 p.m.

Major-General THOMAS:

Two trains are loaded-the first has already started, the second will follow at 1.15 a.m. they carry 166 animals and 25 wagons, guarded by two companies of sharpshooters, 140 men. I will follow with the rest of the concern at 1.30 p.m. to-morrow. Can find nothing of your camp-chairs; neither the quartermaster nor Willard know anything about them. Everything else in as you wished. Mackay will live in our house and take charge of your horses.

S. C. KELLOGG,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

CHATTANOOGA, November 25, 1864

Major-General THOMAS:

Have assigned officers to the Fourth Army Corps. Transportation is coming via McMinnville; I expect it here by the 29th, and will be ready to move as soon as it arrives.

J. L. HOLLOPETER,

First Lieutenant, Signal Corps, U. S. Army.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF THE ETOWAH,Numbers 50. Chattanooga, November 25, 1864

I. Brigadier General T. F. Meagher, U. S. Volunteers, having reported pursuant to paragraph XII, Special Field Orders, Numbers 313, headquarters Department of the Cumberland, November 15, 1864, is assigned to command of the officers and men of the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Army Corps now within the District of the Etowah, together with such as may hereafter arrive, who will be organized under his supervision into two or more brigades, the organization to be known as the Provisional Division of the Army of the Tennessee. Brigadier-General Meagher will occupy with his command the garrisons and block-houses on the Chattanooga and Knoxville railroad as far as Loudon, and on the Chattanooga and Atlanta railroad as far south as its present terminus, and to have full charge of the defenses of those lines. The reports and returns of troops and stations required by existing department orders will be made to these headquarters.

II. Brigadier General C. Cruft, U. S. Volunteers is relieved from further duty in organizing the detachments of the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Army Corps and assigned to the command of officers and men of the Fourteenth and Twentieth Army Corps now within the District of the Etowah, who, together with such as may hereafter arrive, will be organization to be designated as the Provisional Division of the Army of the Cumberland. Brigadier-General Cruft will occupy with a portion of his command the garrison of Bridgeport, Ala., holding the balance in reserve, to be moved to any threatened point. The reports and returns required by existing department orders will be made to these headquarters.

By command of Major-General Steedman:

S. B. MOE,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

