
DALTON, November 25, 1864.

Major-General STEEDMAN:

I am reliably informed that 200 rebel cavalry are five miles and a half west from here; they understand that Dalton is to be evacuated to-night, and will probably feel of our lines. I am ready for them. Thirty are now reported six miles east; my scouts are watching their movements.

J. B. CULVER,

Colonel, Commanding.

(Same to Brigadier-General Cruft.)

CUMBERLAND GAP, November 25, 1864

Brigadier-General McLEAN:

Dispatch just received from Crab Orchard gives the Fifty-fourth but 550 men. Where are the rest? Had they not 700 men? Allow no men to stop off from any regiment. We must have every man belonging to the command. Telegraph to Lebanon and hurry up detachments of Thirty-seventh and Thirteenth Kentucky Cavalry and two companies of Eleventh Kentucky Cavalry. Give me definite news about Johnson's regiment.

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brigadier-General.

LEXINGTON, November 25, 1864

Major-General BURBRIDGE,

Cumberland Gap:

I sent three companies of Johnson's regiment because I could not equip any more; more horses have now come in, and I will send every man fit for duty as soon as they can possibly be mounted and armed. One hundred and fifteenth [U. S. Colored] guards railroad. Have nothing here but Forty-ninth. Captain Dickson has ordered Forty-sixth from Danville. Never had a report from Buckley of number of men; if any are left, it is against orders and without my knowledge. The Thirty-seventh Kentucky has been ordered; ought to be with you in time; could not find it yesterday by telegraph; one company reported yesterday at Camp Nelson and has gone on; the others, at Aurora, Dickson has ordered. The Thirteenth Kentucky has been hurried up and are being pressed forward. Colonel Andrews goes with Stanhope, and has orders to press forward every man as rapidly as possible. The balance of Johnson's regiment cannot be equipped and reach you by Monday, but I will send them at all events, unless you countermand the order. Shall I continue to press horses? If so, to what extent?

McLEAN,

Brigadier-General.

LEXINGTON, KY., November 25, 1864

Brigadier-General FRY,

Camp Nelson:

The Fifty-third must be near Camp Nelson by this time; let the work go on to-night so that they can start in the morning. Have ordered more horses to be sent down to-night to supply the deficiency telegraphed by Captain Restieaux.

McLEAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

