
ough and report to Brigadier General H. P. Van Cleve for duty. General Van Cleve will, however, give the command no orders which will prevent its joining Major General A. J. Smith without delay when ordered.

* * * * *

XXX. The garrison of Nashville, comprising the following-named regiments, is hereby organized as the Second Brigade, Fourth Division, Twentieth Army Corps; Detachment Forty-fifth New York Veteran Volunteers, One hundred and seventy-third, One hundred and seventy-sixth, and One hundred and seventy-ninth Ohio Volunteers, One hundred and forty-second Indiana Volunteers.

XXXI. The following-named regiments are hereby assigned to the Twenty-third Army Corps, and the commanders thereof will render their reports and returns to Major General J. M. Schofield, commanding Twenty-third Army Corps, and will join their corps as soon as the requirements of the service will permit: One hundred and seventy-fourth, One hundred and seventy-seventh, One hundred and seventy-eighth, One hundred and eightieth, One hundred and eighty-first and One hundred and eighty-third Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Eighth Minnesota Infantry, One hundred and fortieth Indiana Infantry.

* * * * *

XXXIII. The following-named regiments are hereby assigned to the Fourth Division, Twentieth Army Corps, and will report direct to Major General L. H. Rousseau, commanding: Eleventh Minnesota Volunteers, One hundred and seventy-fifth and One hundred and eighty-second Ohio Volunteers, Forty-third Wisconsin Volunteers, Twenty-ninth Michigan Volunteers.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Thomas:

SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND

Chattanooga, November 26, 1864.

Captain HENRY M. CIST,Assistant Adjutant-General, Staff General Thomas, Nashville:

Fourth Corps strength November 14 as follows: First Division, 4,064; Second Division, 4,007; Third Division, 4,020; artillery, 809; total, 14,000 [12.900]. Detailed report will go up by to-morrow's messenger.

WM. L. PORTER,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLUMBIA, November 26, 1864-10 a.m.

(Via Franklin.)

Major-General THOMAS:

The enemy has kept up a strong demonstration with dismounted cavalry since yesterday morning. He now shows a column of infantry on the Mount Pleasant pike, about three miles distant; I cannot yet tell how great the force. I have drawn my force in the interior line, and will fight him there. If you have any infantry available I think it should be sent forward at once.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

