HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Mr. Leftwich's House, Four Miles from Columbia,

November 26, 1864-2 p.m.

Major CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General to General Schofield:

My command is encamped three miles beyond here, five miles and a half from Rally Hill. Capron's brigade at the crossing of Duck River, with orders to watch well out to Lewisburg. The scouts will be kept well down below Columbia. I shall ride into Columbia this evening. I send an officer with this for any orders you may have.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Columbia, Tenn., November 26, 1864-3 p.m.

Brigadier-General WHITAKER:

GENERAL: It is contemplated to move north of Duck River to-night, if the trains can be put over in time. The movement will be by the Hampshire pike over the railroad bridge and pontoon bridge, which are side by side. All headquarters trains and ammunition wagons, excepting five to a division, will be sent over at once, to move out beyond the bridge at least one mile and park off the road. Ten ambulances will be retained with each division. The Hampshire pike runs northeast from Columbia, leaving the town just east of the fort. The movement of troops will not commence until further orders, but the caissons on the inner lines of works will move at once. The artillery will move at dusk. The troops will be notified to hold themselves in readiness for the movement, which will be determined by the progress of crossing the bridges with trains, artillery, &amp;c. If the movement of troops is made to-night, it will be in the order-first, General Wood; second, General Whitaker; third General Wagner. Headquarters of the corps will be at the fort.

By order of Major-General Stanley:

W. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Generals Wagner and Wood.)
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,North Side Duck River, November 26, 1864-7 a.m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding, &c.:

The cavalry here do not expect to move, except to send scouting parties; General Johnson so tells me. The turnpike for nearly two miles is commanded by higher ground on the south side of the river; this embarrasses me as to a place for trains. General Johnson thinks the river is so patrolled that it would be safe to park the larger trains near Rutherford's Creek three miles out. Do you desire that I should keep them inside my lines, regarding the lines as a circular continuation of Stanley's, facing outward? A lane runs from Mrs. Brown's house

