
north half a mile then forks-left fork runs to the railroad near the river; right hand to Ashland Mill, about two miles distant, and thence to the pike about one mile. I will have this examined and see if it is practicable for trains; if so, it will be safe. Will send further information as I get it. My chief present anxiety is to know how far it will do to send wagon trains as there is very little corn in the bend of the river.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. C. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,November 26, 1864-12.30 p.m.

Major J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: The road, or part, between the turnpike and railroad proves, on examination, to be of the very worst description; might serve to pass a train in an emergency, but would be a slow and difficult route. No enemy along the river for ten miles up. A scouting party of ten cavalry came in, who report finding infantry pickets on the roads leading to town south of the river last night; they swam the stream ten miles up. My own scouts have been five miles up, and seen nothing. I have ordered all trains away from the vicinity of the river-bank; my own were out early this morning.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,November 26, 1864-3.15 p.m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding, &c.,:

GENERAL: Major Dow has just returned with the information as to your proposed movement. I will immediately endeavor to find some other route from the railroad bridge to the pike than that I mentioned this morning, but fear there is not time to accomplish much. Colonel Strickland promised this morning to make full inquiry as to roads from that point. The character of the ground, both as to soil and unevenness, makes it hopeless to improve the path already referred to, except in some slight degree. As most of the trains are already on the pike beyond artillery range, it is possible that new paths across farms, &c., may be made for the artillery, &c; they cannot be worse than the bridle path now existing.

Very respectfully, &c.,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,November 26, 1864-3.30 p.m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: Since sending my last dispatch I have from citizens what seems to be definite information as to roads. They say you go right up the railroad about a mile to Ashton's Mill, which is about 300

