
yards from the railroad; there you turn to the right, crossing Rutherford's Creek, and following a lane, which is an ordinary country road, to the pike, which it enters a little this side of Rutherford's Creek. Where the creek is crossed the banks are represented to be muddy, but the bottom sandy and good. Strickland is near enough to make good that crossing, but I fear parties from here could not reach the ground in time to do much. The route spoke of avoids the bad road I have before mentioned.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, November 26, 1864

Major W. P. CHAMBLISS,

Louisville:

Let the Fourth Ohio come to Nashville when equipped and report at the cavalry depot for orders.

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, Tenn., November 26, 1864

Major BEAUMONT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hdqrs. Chief of Cavalry:

MAJOR: The major-general commanding directs me to say that you will instruct Colonel Garrard, in command of cavalry detachments, on way to Columbia, to clear out the country between Franklin and Columbia of the large number of guerrillas said to be infesting the country. After this has been done Colonel Garrard will inform General Schofield of the wish of the major-general commanding that a courier-line be communication is restored General Schofield will be so informed from these headquarters, but Colonel-Garrard will nevertheless deliver the same message to General Schofield.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. RAMSEY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. CHIEF OF CAVALRY, DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Nashville, November 26, 1864

Brevet Major-General WILSON:

GENERAL: After considerable difficulty I have managed to get off the Twelfth Tennessee, a part of the Tenth; of the latter 370 men. The Seventh Ohio has also marched to report to you; the Twelfth left last night; the Seventh and Tenth this morning. Colonel Bridges, of the Tenth, grossly neglected his duty and disobeyed positive orders to give his personal attention to equipping his regiment. To-night I placed him under arrest and ordered him to report to Lieutenant Colonel G. G. Miner, Seventh Ohio, commanding Camp Webster. I shall immediately prefer charges against him. I think we ought to assemble a gen-

