
eral court at this place for the trial of several officers against whom charges are now at headquarters. Officers can be spared from the First and Second Divisions. General Hammond is here, and I have placed him in command of the Fourth Tennessee and Ninth Indiana. They will probably march to-morrow, as the general has given me a written report to that effect. I have ordered McCormick to Louisville, to ascertain the progress of affairs there. We have issued nearly all the horses that have arrived here. I do not think we can supply first-rate stock to mount the Fourth United States, but will soon as horses arrive. Captain Green has telegraphed to Chambliss for 1,500 horses and for carbines. Colonel Blakeslee, of the First Connecticut, is here with his improved Spencer cartridge-box. He wishes to see you, and I think of sending him to you on Monday as a bearer of dispatches. There are 1,000 men of Hatch's division here, but we cannot mount more than 300 men of it for want of horses, but we will use every exertion to get more immediately. The colonel of the Tenth Indiana telegraphed to-day that he had not yet been relieved at Huntsville, though General Granger had been ordered to relieve him. I gave General Thomas the telegram, and he returned it with the indorsement that the Tenth should be relieved.

Colonel Edward Anderson, of the Twelth Indiana, telegraphs that there are 200 of his men, under Major J. B. Cobb, at Louisville, and wants to know what to do with them; does not say whether they are mounted or not. I shall telegraph to say that if they are mounted they can come down with the first detachment that the First and Second Divisions send. A. J. Alexander telegraphs from Saint Louis that he will leave there Monday to report to you. We are to get to-night two guns for General Hatch's battery, and I wish to start them to-morrow with General Hammond, if possible. Doctor Salter has been sick, which accounts for his delay; he is here now, and reports General McCook quite sick. The horses we have to issue are artillery horses and we shall have to replace them hereafter. I don't know what would have become of these troops here if you had not left me behind to keep things going. Last night I was out at Camp Webster until after midnight pushing the Tenth Tennessee. I had the city patrolled to-day by fifty men of the Fourth United States, and cleaned the town of officers and men. Colonel Miner bids fair to be an excellent man. He earnestly urges that a permanent party for Camp Webster [sic]. He propose to make the prisoners do the work that the Government has heretofore had to pay for. He is an excellent administrative man, a disciplinarian, and a thorough admirer of good order. With the support that I know you will gladly give him, we will make the depot a model one. I have been to see General Thomas to-night and report to him the progress of affairs. He seems to be satisfied with my exertions. I hope you will raise Mr. Hood. All is well here now, but we have had to work hard.

Very sincerely, your friend.

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Columbia, Tenn., November 26, 1864-8.45 a.m.

The Cavalry Corps will march immediately by the first road leading eastward from the Columbia and Nashville pike to an eligible position within five or six miles of this place.

