
Order of march; First Division, Brigadier-General Hatch; second, Sixth Division and Croxton's brigade, Brigadier General R. W. Johnson.

General Johnson will send a brigade to the crossing of the Lewisburg and Nashville pike with Duck River; give it instructions to push out a very strong party in support of the battalion sent last night to Lewisburg.

By command of Bvt. Major General J. H. Wilson:

JOHN N. ANDREWS,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Four Miles Northeast from Columbia, November 26, 1864-2 p.m.

Division commanders will select out all absolutely unserviceable horses and disarmed men, and, under one officer to every fifty men, send them to Nashville. The senior officer will command the whole, and on his arrival at Nashville, will report to Major E. B. Beaumont, assistant adjutant-general, Cavalry Corps. The number of men and horses from each division will be reported to the provost-marshal at these headquarters.

By command of Bvt. Major General J. H. Wilson:

JOHN N. ANDREWS.

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Leftwich's Plantation, Four Miles East of Columbia.

November 26, 1864

Division commanders will collect all the wagons of their commands, except those used at division and brigade headquarters, and send them at daylight to-morrow morning to the Nashville and Columbia pike. Any supplies that may be needed for the next four or five days will be taken from the wagons before they are sent back. In the absence of division or brigade quartermasters each division trains will be put in charge of a regimental quartermaster. The senior regimental quartermaster will be held responsible for the movements of the entire train, reporting for orders to Major-General Schofield or the chief quartermaster of the forces now at Columbia. In the absence of specific orders to the contrary he will continue with the general trains of the army on the Columbia and Nashville pike.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson, commanding:

JOHN N. ANDREWS.

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Four Miles East of Columbia, November 26, 1864-8 p.m.

Brigadier General EDWARD HATCH,

Commanding Fifth Div., Cav. Corps, Mil. Div. of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: Colonel Harrison, Eighth Indiana Cavalry, whose regiment is with General Kilpatrick, has been ordered to me for assign-

