
it impassable for wagons and artillery. The Columbia road, he says, strikes the pike thirteen miles from Columbia and one mile and a half from river. Do not know whether he refers to road on north or south side of river. He can gain no information of any force of the enemy in that vicinity, except small parties of from six to ten; the last seen of them was day before yesterday. The fords where main roads cross Duck River are deep and mostly impassable, but there are numerous bridle-paths to shallow fords all the way from Columbia to Lewisburg pike where the enemy can cross cavalry. The messenger who brought this report says, that after he left Captain Smith sent forty men across the river and drove off the small force of rebels found there. The citizen at whose house I am stopping says there is a ford at Huey's Mill, four miles due south of this. I will send a small party from Croxton's brigade down to examine it, and if, possible cross and scout for a little distance on the other side.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. W. JOHNSON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH DIVISION CAVALRY

November 26, 1864.

Major-General WILSON,Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: The party sent by General Croxton to Huye's Ford report it impassable except by swimming; one two miles above it the same; one a mile and a half above Columbia passable. General Croxton reports that it will be impossible for him to get his disarmed men and unserviceable horses ready to go before morning. I have ordered him to use every exertion to get them off to-night, and to report them at your headquarters as soon as ready.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. W. JOHNSON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers,
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Four Miles East of Columbia, Tenn., November 26, 1864-8.20 p.m.

[Brigadier General R. W. JOHNSON:]

GENERAL: Your note is just received. Tell General Croxton that if his men are ready by 6.30 a.m. to-morrow it will be time enough. General Schofield is very solicitous about the crossings of Duck River. Be good enough to have them well watched from the Lewisburg pike to Williamsport. Have you any news from below?

Very respectfully,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Leftwich's Plantation, Four Miles East of Columbia,

November 26, 1864.

Brigadier General R. W. JOHNSON,

Commanding Sixth Division Cavalry:

Three hundred and fifty men, with 250 extra horses, have arrived for General Croxton's brigade; they will report to-morrow morning.

