
Notify General Croxton, so that he may make his calculation in regard to sending back unserviceable horses. See that no men who are properly armed are allowed to accompany the train to the Columbia and Nashville pike.

By order of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

JOHN N. ANDREWS.

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CAVALRY DIVISION,Columbia, Tenn., November 26, 1864-9.40 p.m.

Major E. B. BEAUMONT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps:

MAJOR: Lieutenant Patten, Eighth Michigan, who was sent out this evening in charge of a scout of fifteen men from Capron's brigade to-ward Berlin, has just come in; reports as follows:

Went out on Shelbyville road about three miles; found the enemy's cavalry in force; saw their camp-fires, apparently a heavy force, about half a mile as nearly as he could judge, to right of road; thinks the enemy were just forming their lines on this road, as he heard them moving on pike before he reached them; drew their fire, and returned it-three volleys; they followed him a short distance. He thinks the party sent out from Croxton got through as the infantry pickets reported that they had passed out some time in advance of this party, and nothing has been heard from them. The battalion ordered up on this side has, I am informed, gotten off, and I shall not, therefore, send this party out again.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. W. JOHNSON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH DIVISION,Caldwell's House, near Columbia, November 26, 1864.

Colonel CAPRON,

Commanding Brigade:

COLONEL: General Johnson directs you to send a scout of twenty-five or thirty men, in command of an efficient officer, toward Shelbyville as far as they can safely go by this bank of the river. Let the officer ascertain by inquiry all that is possible of the movements of the enemy, if there are any in that country. Please report by bearer anything of importance that has occurred since you have been at your present station; report how many disarmed men and unserviceable horses you sent back. Croxton has been ordered to relieve the parties sent from your brigade down below Columbia.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. T. WELLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH DIVISION CAVALRY,Near Columbia, Tenn., November 26, 1864.

Colonel CAPRON,

Commanding Brigade:

COLONEL: You will detail an intelligent officer, with twenty-five men to establish a courier-line from the fort at Columbia to Franklin.

