
enemy had passed through that town, and none known to be moving in the direction of Murfreesborough. One of my scouting parties was driven in by a small party of rebels, about fifteen in number, but as they had not been seen in the vicinity before were probably a scouting party. A party of nine bushwhackers was seen four miles above the pike, near the river, on Sunday last.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

W. B. SMITH,

Captain, Eighth Michigan Cavalry, Commanding Scout.

[Indorsement.]

Met Captain Smith about seven miles out from the crossing. The roads nearly impassable for teams. Orders can be sent me by the bearer.

H. CAPRON,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade.

NOVEMBER 26, 1864.

[Captain E. T. WELLS:]

CAPTAIN: The ford is not passable, except by swimming; one two miles above it ditto; one a mile and a hall above Columbia passable; I presume, of course, it is guarded. I think it will be quite impossible to get my unserviceable horses and disarmed men ready to leave for Nashville before morning.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN T. CROXTON,

NASHVILLE, November 26, 1864.

Major BEAUMONT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that the troops under my command will move at daybreak to-morrow morning, the Fourth Tennessee first, and Ninth Indiana following at 10 a.m. The issues to the Ninth Indiana will be completed to-night, and forage and rations drawn early in the morning. The unserviceable horses were only exchanged this afternoon, and the train arrived at about 5 p.m. from Columbia. Please have the accompanying requisitions approved for me: I will call or send for them in the morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. HAMMOND,

Brigadier-General
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Nashville, Tenn., November 26, 1864.

Colonel ISRAEL GARRARD,

Commanding Provisional Brigade:

COLONEL: I send you General Thomas' order to clear the country of guerrillas.* Please carry out the order.

I am, colonel, very respectfully,your obedient servant,

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See Ramsey to Beaumont, p. 1061.

---------------

