
against cavalry, as it is not likely infantry will assail you. General Steedman with from 5,000 to 7,000 infantry will be on the railroad probably near Cowan. How many and what kind of guns have you? Please answer.

By command of Major-General Rousseau:

B. H. POLK,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEFENSES NASHVILLE AND CHATTANOOGA R. R.,Tullahoma, November 26, 1864.

Major B. H. POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The guns in fort at this post are ten in number, and are of the following caliber, viz: Two 24-pounders, rifled, one 24-pounder, smooth, one 12-pounder James rifle, six 3-inch, rifled; at Duck River bridge, one 12-pounder howitzer; at Elk River bridge, 12-pounder light and 10-pounder Parrott. I have but 100 effective mounted men and these are kept scouting west and in Lincoln County. The two companies of infantry at Shelbyville have orders to fall back to Duck River bridge in case the enemy approaches them; this they can do with safety, it being only eight miles. I can not supply their place with cavalry. I request that the three companies of Twelfth Indiana Cavalry with Genral Granger be ordered to me, they being mounted. Shall the infantry at Shelbyville be withdrawn as ordered to-day, under this state of fact? The quartermaster reports no surplus wagons here.

R. H. MILROY,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., November 26, 1864.

Major General R. H. MILROY,

Tullahoma:

The two companies of infantry at Shelbyville may remain if they can have as many as five mounted men to give them timely warning in case of the approach of the enemy's cavalry.

By command of Major-General Rousseau:

B. H. POLK,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEFENSES NASHVILLE AND CHATTANOOGA R. R.,Tullahoma, November 26, 1864.

Major JOHN C. HAMILTON,

Commanding Post of Shelbyville, Tenn.:

MAJOR: The major-general commanding orders that you keep a guard over the bridge spanning Duck River near Shelbyville, and in the event that the enemy approaches your post in a force too large for you to meet that you cause the flooring to be removed from the bridge, so as to prevent the enemy from crossing over it, and that you then defend the bridge; but if you find at the time that this is impracticable you will destroy the bridge by fire. This last will not be done till you find it an absolute necessity. In the event that the enemy approaches Shelbyville with a formidable force you will leave the cavalry

