HDQRS. CHIEF OF ARTILLERY, DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, November 26, 1864

Captain E. C. BAINBRIDGE,

Commanding Light Artillery Reserve, Dept. of the Cumberland:

The chief of artillery directs that you hold two light batteries of your command fully equipped, in readiness to march at a moment's notice. You will place these batteries at the disposal of Major-General Steedman, commanding District of the Etowah, to whom the battery commanders will report for orders forthwith.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LOUIS J. LAMBERT,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General of Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE ETOWAH,Chattanooga, November 26, 1864

COMMANDING OFFICER FIFTEENTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY;

You will send at 7 o'clock to-morrow morning 150 men of your command to a point twelve miles up Chattanooga Valley, where there is a drove of cattle which it is reported the enemy intend to capture. The officer in charge will get all the information he can at that point and then scout in the vicinity of La Fayette. They will take two days' rations and forage to be carried on their horses.

By command of Major-General Steedman:

M. DAVIS,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Knoxville, Tenn., November 26, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Forces in the Field:

GENERAL: I hope and expect that by the 1st of next month General Burbridge will have concentrated his cavalry force at or in the vicinity of Tazewell, have his horses shod up and a little rested, &amp;c., and be ready to operate against the enemy. His force will number near 4,000, half armed with carbines and half with rifles. General Gillem by that time will have completed the reorganization of his force, about 1,500 strong, and will be ready to take the field. The Second Ohio Heavy Artillery, say, 1,000 effective men, and the First U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery, about the same strength, Thirty-fourth Kentucky, 250, Fourth Tennessee, 400, and the Third North Carolina, 300, in all 2,950, will also be ready by that time. The First Ohio Heavy Artillery will, it is hoped, by that time be here and ready either to take the field or used as a garrison for this place and Strawberry Plains. The Tenth Michigan Cavalry are now nearly dismounted, but horses are on the way here, and the regiment can be used to guard trains, if the horses do not arrive in time to be made available. The regiment is 500 strong. My whole force will amount to between 9,000 and 10,000 effective men. The enemy, variously estimated at from 3,000 to 6,000 were yesterday between New Market and Bull's Gap, engaged in effectually

68 R R-VOL XLV, PT I

