
destroying the railroad, and I am in hopes he will remain there until we are ready to move. If he does I propose by a rapid and forced march to concentrate all the cavalry at or near Estillville, and at the same time to move the supplies and foot up to Bean's Station or Rogersville. It is possible by this move that we may be able to reach Bristol before the enemy can, and thus cut him off from Saltville, and force him across the mountains, into North Carolina, and maybe to destroy the salt works. Should he get the start of us we can drive him up the valley, and North Carolina thus is opened up to us, and, for that matter, South Carolina too. Four days' march would take the cavalry to Salisbury, from which point we could act north or south, according to circumstances. The foot, with a small portion of the cavalry, could cover our movements or fall back to Knoxville, according to the necessities of the case. Breckinridge would have either to follow us, remain to guard the salt-works, or make a counter move into Kentucky. If he does the first it will be the means of effectually relieving Kentucky from invasion, or if he does either of the two latter we shall be free to operate unmolested. I submit this for your consideration, and if you approve of the idea, please inform me by telegraph. I hope you will not disapprove of it, as I think I can see very important results from its execution. I owe the Southern, Confederacy, a debt I am anxious to liquidate, and this appears a propitious occasion. We shall be ready to move as soon as the beef-cattle, now I understand on the way from Chattanooga, shall have arrived.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE STONEMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

(Same to General George H. Thomas.)

LEXINGTON, KY., November 26, 1864-10.15 [a.m.]

Brigadier-General FRY,

Camp Nelson, Ky.:

The rest of Fifty-third will be at Camp Nelson this morning- 190 want arms and 350 need horses and equipments; 300 horses were sent to Camp Nelson from Lexington last night for them; 400 bridles were shipped to Captain Perdue for them yesterday. You will see that they are armed and equipped and mounted immediately on arrival and marched at once to Crab Orchard, to reach there to-night. Some stragglers of Thirty ninth Kentucky are left and have been sent to you; watch them closely, and put them in with Fifty-third Kentucky, to be taken to their command. The Fifty-third must march by forced marches, without the usual halts, to Cumberland Gap. Captain T. E. Hall, assistant quartermaster, will assist you, if you apply to him in my name. Please see that quartermasters and commissaries of subsistence work with a will to get the command off; General Burbridge orders me very peremptorily. The Fifty-third is being picked up on railroad, and will be forwarded to you as rapidly as possible. Please telegraph the time of receipt of this; also your progress at 5 p.m.

By command of Brigadier-General McLean:

J. S. BULTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

