
DETROIT, November 26, 1864.

Major-General HOOKER:

Have received the following telegram:

TORONTO, November 25, 1864

I have just received the following dispatch from the Honorable J. A. McDonald, attorney-general, Quebec:

"Two barrels and one box marked potatoes, and suspected to contain cannon from gulf and ammunition, were on the 16th instant shipped from Sarnia on board steamer Reindeer, addressed to David Smitton, in charge of owner, for Lexington, Mich., so says the wharfinger at Sarnia."

R. J. KIMBALL,

U. S. Consular Agent.

The custom-house authorities have seized the two barrels of arms at Lexington, Mich. The box was received in Detroit, and has been removed, and it is possible will be found. This, taken in connection with disclosures by Burleigh one of the Philo Parsons pirates, leaves little doubt but that the steamer Georgian is to be armed and used offensively against our commerce and cities on the lakes. The Georgian, is I presume, at Collingwood.

B. H. HILL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS POST CAMP DOUGLAS,Chicago, Ill., November 26, 1864.

Brigadier General H. W. WESSELLS,

Inspector and Commissary General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Herewith I have the honor to transmit by report* of the origin, progress, and result thus far of the two rebel raids organized by Jacob Thompson, of Mississippi, in Canada for the purpose of releasing the prisoners of war at Camp Douglas and co-operating with the Sons of Liberty to inaugurate revolution in the States of Illinois and Indiana.

It can be proved by the prisoner John Mongham, mentioned in the report, and another witness equally intelligent, both of whom have been connected with him in these affairs, that Jacob Thompson organized these expeditions and furnished money to pay expenses. Mr. Thompson still remains in Canada plotting against the peace and safety of our Northern cities and communities and planning injurious enterprises against us of a character, and conducted in a manner unknown to the laws of war. The proof against him is positive and accessible. In view of these facts I respectfully suggest whether the Government of the United States has not a right to demand the person of Mr. Jacob Thompson from the Canadian authorities.+

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

B. J. SWEET,

Colonel Eighth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, Commanding Post.

---------------

*Same as to Fry, p. 1077.

+For Thompson's report of affairs on the Northern frontier,&c., see Vol. XLIII, Part II, p. 930.,

---------------

