HEADQUARTERS POST CAMP DOUGLAS,Chicago, Ill., November 26, 1864.

Brigadier General JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General, Washington, D. C.,:

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit herewith to you, as my commanding officer in the Veteran Reserve Corps, my report of the two rebel raids projected from Canada by Jacob Thompson on Chicago and this camp, for the purpose of releasing prisoners of war and aiding the Sons of Liberty to create an insurrection in the States of Illinois and Indiana. It will be seen from the report that there is positive and accessible evidence that Jacob Thompson is the rebel agent in Canada to raise these raids and plan expeditions against our cities and communities not recognized by the rules of civilized warfare. I have forwarded a like report to the Commissary General of Prisoners, at Washington, D. C., and suggested whether, in view of these facts, the Government of the United States has not a right to demand the person of Mr. Jacob Thompson from the Canadian Government. Perhaps the schedule of names attached to the report may be of service for reference to your assistants in the several districts of Illinois.

I have the honor to be, general, yours to command.

B. J. SWEET,

Colonel Eighth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS POST CAMP DOUGLAS,Chicago, Ill., November 23, 1864.

Brigadier General JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to respectfully report, in relation to the origin, progress, and result, up to the present time, of the late rebel raid, for the purpose of releasing the prisoners of war at Camp Douglas, taking possession of the city of Chicago, creating an insurrection in and overrunning the States of Illinois and Indiana, in aid of the Southern rebellion, that Jacob Thompson, of Mississippi Secretary of the Interior during the administration of Mr. Buchanan, went to Windsor, Canada, some time in May or June last, under the assumed name of Captain Carson, and having been supplied by the rebel Government with large sums of money for that purpose commenced operations to organize in Canada an expedition to release rebel prisoners of war at different camps in the Northwest and aid the Sons of Liberty with money and arms to raise an insurrection, especially in the States of Illinois and Indiana, against the Government of the United States. About the 25th day of August last an expedition was organized at Toronto, Canada, under the immediate direction of Captain Hines, formerly of Morgan's command, composed of 150 to 200 escaped prisoners and rebel soldiers, accompanied by Colonel G. St. Leger Grenfell, at one time Morgan's chief of staff and afterward inspector-general on the staff of General Bragg, Colonel Vincent Marmaduke, of Missouri, Colonel Ben. Anderson, of Kentucky, Captains Castleman and Cantrill, formerly of Morgan's command and other rebel officers. This force was armed with pistols at Toronto, divided, and its members, in citizens' dress, came on to Chicago, by different routes, on the same trains which brought the thronging thousands who assembled on the 29th of August to attend the Chicago Convention, and which made it difficult to detect their presence. It was

