
organization, seized. On the night of Monday, November 14, the following-named persons members of the Sons of Liberty, were arrested, viz; Obadiah Jackson, grand senior; Charles W. Patten, member of State council; William Felton, tyler of door-keeper; James Gearry, a dangerous member; Richard T. Semmes, nephew to Pirate Semmes; Dr. E. W. Edwards, who harbored Colonel Marmaduke; all of whom remain in custody. On the 15th instant a young Englishman from Canada, under British protection papers, named Mongham, was arrested, who proved to be a messenger between Jacob Thompson, Captain Hines, Brigadier-General Walsh, and the guerrilla, Colonel Jessee, of Kentucky.

An examination of many of the persons so arrested shows, beyond all doubt that the Sons of Liberty is a treasonable, widely extended, and powerful organization, branching into almost if not all the counties of the State; that it is an organization of two branches, one civil, the other military, the members of the civil being on probation for the military branch; that important secrets in relation to military plans and the location of the depots for arms were carefully guarded from persons of civil membership, though even they well knew that the organization had such depots, and was animated with a spirit of intense hostility to the Government; that many of its leaders must have known of the intended attack on this camp and city; and that some of them have actually been in consultation, face to face, with men whom they knew to be rebel officers conspiring to produce a revolution in the Northwest.

A schedule is hereto attached, numbered 4, which is believed to contain the names of some of the leading and most dangerous men belonging to this organization in the several counties in the State of Illinois.

I respectfully recommend that the officers of the rebel army, and as many of the Sons of Liberty and guerrillas above mentioned as the interests of the Government may require, be tried before a military commission and punished.

I cannot close this report without expressing my conviction that the gratitude of the country is due to the Eighth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, Lieutenant Colonel Lewis C. Skinner commanding, the Fifteenth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, Lieutenant Colonel Martin Flood commanding, and the Twenty-fourth Ohio Battery, Lieutenant James W. Gamble commanding, which comprised the small garrison at Camp Douglas during two weeks of severe and almost unexampled duty. A garrison over-worked for months, its officers and enlisted men met the demand for added and wearing duty necessary to hold harmless the great interests committed to their care, with a cheerful alacrity and steady zeal deserving the warmest commendation.

Captain John Nelson, and so much of the police of this city as were detailed to act with him and report to me, executed orders and performed duty which rare fidelity and energy.

Colonel R. M. Hough and the mounted patrol under his command deserve great credit for promptitude in organization and duty efficiently performed.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. J. SWEET,

Colonel Eighth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, Commanding Post.

