
Tullahoma and the Northwestern Railroad from Centerville. A few deserters came in to-day; who represent the purpose of Hood, as talked in camp, to be to intrench where he is and raid the country. It would appear certain that he cannot leave the pike road and cross by the ordinary dirt roads to the east of Nashville or Murfreesborough. One of Smith's divisions has arrived and gone to the front; the other will come to-morrow. General Thomas telegraphs Schofield if he can hold Hood in check until General Smith gets up, we will whip him. Our lines still working to Huntsville, but will close to-night. All quiet at Knoxville, Chattanooga, and Dalton.

J. C. VAN DUZER,
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, November 27, 1864-8 a.m. (Via Franklin.)

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Columbia:

Your dispatch of 10 a.m. yesterday received. I will send you all the available infantry force I can raise. I except some of Smith's command here to-day and will send it forward as rapidly as possible. Sent you two regiments of cavalry day before yesterday, two yesterday, and will send another to-day. If you can hold Hood in check until I can get Smith up, we can whip him.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, November 27, 1864-12 m.

Major General J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Columbia;

The following dispatch, just received from Johnsonville, is forwarded for your information:

JOHNSONVILLE, November 26, 1864-8.15 p.m.

Major-General THOMAS:

Scouts sent out by Colonel Hottenstein from Waverly report some of Forrest's men near Duck River, who told the citizens that the main rebel force wa in the vicinity of Lawrenceburg, on Clear Creek, fortifying and that Forrest and other cavalry officers are preparing to raid the country. Nothing further from the force across the Tennessee River. Camp-fires were visible across the river last night.

C. R. THOMPSON,

Colonel.

I have sent you by rail this a.m. the Fortieth Regiment Missouri Volunteers and a detachments of the Tenth Kansas Regiment Volunteers in all over 900 men. Will send you further re-enforcements as soon as received at this place. Have you all the fords on Duck River securely guarded and cavalry covering the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad?

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

DUCKTOWN, November 27, 1864-12.30 p.m.

Major-General THOMAS:

The enemy has made no real attack, and I am satisfied he does not intend to attack. My information, though not very satisfactory, leads

