
me to believe that Hood intends to cross Duck River above Columbia, and as near it as he can. I shall withdraw to the north bank to-night, and endeavor to prevent him from crossing. Wilson is operating mainly on my left with a portion of his command south of the river. I have no late information from him. I have succeeded in getting your cipher of the 25th translated. I believe your dispositions are wise.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO.

Numbers 164. In the Field, Duck River,

November 27, 1864

I. Major-General Stanley will withdraw his corps to the north bank of Duck River to-night and at daylight in the morning will take position to cover the flanks of the bridge-head occupied by General Ruger. Colonel Henderson will withdraw his brigade simultaneously with General Wood's division and will march at once to the railroad bridge-head and report to General Ruger. General Ruger will occupy the bridge-head until further orders. General Ruger's pickets on the right of Colonel Henderson will withdraw at the same time with Colonel Henderson and join their division.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Duck River Station, November 27, 1864-1.20 p.m.

Major-General STANLEY,

Commanding Fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs me to inform you that all the trains at the river have crossed. It is reported that there are a number of wagons yet in Columbia, and the general desires you to see that they are all brought up and put across the river without delay.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Duck River, November 27, 1864.

Major General D. S. STANLEY,

Commanding Fourth Corps:

GENERAL: The commanding general desires me to say that General Wilson informs him that he has just crossed the ford near Columbia, and is of the opinion that by elevating the chests you can cross your artillery at that point without difficulty. He wishes you to examine the ford and see whether you can use it to advantage.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

CLINTON A. CILLEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

