
ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,

Columbia, Tenn., November 27, 1864-3 p.m.

The troops of this command will cross the river to-night in the following order: First, General Wood; second, General Kimball; third, General Wagner. General Wood will move at 6 o'clock; General Kimball will commence to move as soon as General Wood has passed, and General Wagner as soon as General Kimball has passed. In crossing the river both the railroad and pontoon bridges will be used. The pickets will be drawn back into our first or outer line of works at 6.30 p.m., and they will remain there until 7.30 p.m., when they will fall back into the second or interior line of works. Orders will be given to inspectors of divisions when to withdraw them from this latter line. Each Inspector will report to Colonel Greenwood, assistant inspector-general, Fourth Corps, who will arrange with them the manner of withdrawal of pickets.

By order of Major-General Stanley:

W. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, Tenn., November 27, 1864.

Colonel HOLMES,

Commanding Fortieth Missouri and Detachment Tenth Kansas:

COLONEL; I am directed by the major-general commanding to say to you that the order for your command to move by rail to Murfreesborough is hereby countermanded. You will instead move to Columbia, reporting upon your arrival to Major-General Schofield for assignment to duty with Major-General Stanley's Fourth Army Corps.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Duck River, Tenn., November 27, 1864

Brigadier General J. D. COX,

Commanding Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps:

GENERAL: The indications are strong that Hood is working eastward, I think with the design of crossing Duck River as near Columbia as practicable. Stanley will cross to this place to-night, and I will make further dispositions to-morrow with a view to meet any attempt the enemy may make to cross. Meanwhile watch the river carefully. Keep in communication with General Wilson, so as to get direct information from him; and meet promptly any attempt of Hood to cross near Columbia, and cover the Franklin pike until the main force can get in position. Colonel Henderson will join General Ruger to-night, and I will send him to you as soon as practicable.

Very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

