
skirmish line somewhat, but not materially during the night, and is reported to have been busily at work fortifying. The captain commanding the skirmish line on the right (First Brigade) reports that he should think 1,000 axes were at work during the night in his front. We can still see the enemy in our front, perhaps, from appearances, in about the same force as yesterday.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. J. HENDERSON,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Duck River Station, November 27, 1864

Major-General WILSON,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: The bearer is one of Colonel Capron's scouts, sent in to inform us of another ford below Hunter's Ford, called Finch's a better one the road from which comes round the hills in such a manner as to endanger the safety of the guard at Hunter's, which is too small to guard both. The commanding general desires you will send a force to ascertain the whole facts in the case and to watch the ford. He directs me to say that he desires the river below here to be securely watched and patrolled by the cavalry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. M. WHERRY,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

Our headquarters will be here to-day.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Four Miles East of Columbia, November 27, 1864-10 a.m.

Major General J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding U. S. Forces:

GENERAL: No evidence has yet been obtained of a movement of the enemy toward Shelbyville or the Lewisburg pike. I am just sending a strong party to Shellbyville, via Caney Spring, Chapel Hill, and McGinnisville, with instructions to return by Farmington. I have the river well watched in all directions. No reports from below since yesterday morning. The people say that Duck River is impassable or nearly so everywhere this morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Ducktown, November 27, 1864-11.50 a.m.

Brevet Major-General WILSON:

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL; The commanding general directs me to inform you that the indications are strong that Hood is working eastward, with the design of crossing Duck River as near Columbia as possible. General Stanley will cross to this place to-night, and the commanding general

69 R R-VOL XLV, PT I

