
will make further dispositions to-morrow with a view to meet any attempt the enemy may make to cross. Meanwhile the general desires you to watch the river carefully, keeping in communication with General Cox.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Four Miles East of Columbia, November 27, 1864-3 p.m.

Major J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hdqrs. Army of the Ohio:

MAJOR: The following dispatch from Colonel Capron at crossing of Duck River and Lewisburg pike, dated 11.45 a.m., has just been received:

A courier just in from my scout, ten miles out on the Lewisburg pike, reports a force of 300 cavalry having camped last night at Cedar Mills, and leaving this morning in the direction of Shelbyville. No intelligence has been received from my scout on the Shelbyville road up to the present time.

Colonel Capron is picketing all the fords between him and Columbia. Cedar Mills, from all I can learn, are on the the Cedar Creek,near Berlin. I will send a strong force down the Lewisburg pike to learn if anything else has gone toward Shelbyville.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding Cavalry Corps.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Duck River, Tenn., November 27, 1864

Major General J. H. WILSON,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: Major-General Schofield desires me to say that your cavalry at the next ford below here has been driven back; it reports itself driven by infantry. He has sent out a regiment of infantry to support the cavalry and to ascertain what force of the enemy is there. He also wishes to know where the cavalry that was sent to the second ford below here went.

I am, general, your very obedient respectfully servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Four Miles East of Columbia, Tenn., November 27, 1864-6.30 p.m.

Major J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.:

General Johnson says the party that went to the lower ford west of Columbia left camp near here at midnight last night. Nothing has been heard from it since the scout from there this morning, who reports been heard from it since the scout from there this morning, who reports nothing seen of the enemy up to the time of his leaving. Can you tell me where the Seventh Ohio Cavalry and the other detachments for the

