
sent over to the right at once, or in the morning, keeping in communication with the right of the infantry and acting as a support for those men at the lower fords.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

CLINTON A. CILLEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLUMBIA, November 27, 1864.

(Via Franklin.)

Major E. B. BEAUMONT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that Brigadier-General Knipe be ordered to report to him at the front as soon as he returns from Memphis. Let him bring the Tenth Indiana, if it is ready when he arrives.

JOHN N. ANDREWS,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,

FIELD ORDERS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Numbers 2. Near Columbia, Tenn., November 27, 1864.

* * * * *

II. Colonel T. J. Harrison, Eighth Indiana Cavalry, is hereby assigned to the command of the First Brigade, Sixth Division, Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi, and will report to Brigadier General R. W. Johnson without delay.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION CAVALRY,Near Louisville, Ky., November 27, 1864.

Major E. BEAUMONT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I received your letter of the 24th to-day. I have already forwarded to you through Major Chambliss the names of the regiments I desire transferred. I would like the Thirteenth Indiana (Colonel Johnson) transferred to me in their place. General Long, I understand, has applied for the same regiment, but as he only desires a junior colonel, I suppose any of the other new Indiana regiments will suit him just as well. Colonel Johnson is one of my old captains, and I feel some solicitude in having this matter arranged as we, no doubt, both desire. All equipments have been secured for La Granger's brigade, and they are drawing horses to-day. I hope to have them ready for the front by Wednesday or Thursday, though they go without carbines. There are no carbines here, and I much prefer having my command go into the field without them to taking such inferior arms as they have had heretofore. Spencer or other good carbines can certainly be procured, and I think I am entitled to my fair proportion of them. We have never been

