
thoroughly armed, and I would like to put the division into a fight once with arms in which the men have confidence. I heard to-day that Watkins' brigade had to swim Green River, which will prevent them from reaching you as soon as anticipated and desired. I thought they would reach Nashville to-day. Almost ever since my arrival here I have been confined to my room, most of the time to my bed, with inflammation of the lungs. I have done all I could to have the command equipped at the earliest moment, and regret that my illness has prevented my doing all I could have desired; but Colonel La Grange and my staff have given their attention to the matter, and I think probably no time has been lost in making this brigade ready for the field. I will go to Nashville by rail, and reach there before the Second Brigade. You will have to wait for the October reports until we are all there to-gether.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. M. McCOOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,Camp near Columbia, November 27, 1864.

Captain E. T. WELLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report for the information of the general commanding that my pickets who are stationed at the fords above Huey's Mill report that they hear rumors that rebel infantry are moving on the opposite side of the river toward the mouth of Cedar Creek, and that they intend crossing there where the Lewisburg pike crosses Duck River. My pickets have not as yet been able to communicate with Colonel Capron's men. Have you heard from him and is Cedar Creek watched?

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN T. CROXTON,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CAVALRY DIVISION,November 27, 1864-4.20 p.m.

Respectfully forwarded to Captain Andrews, acting assistant adjutant-general, Cavalry Corps.

The force at Huey's Mill is ordered to be increased to a battalion. The ford at the Lewisburg pike is understood, from the report of citizens, not to be passable at this stage of water. I have ordered Huey's Mill burnt.

R. W. JOHNSON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Four Miles East of Columbia, Tenn., November 27, 1864-10 a.m.

Brigadier General EDWARD HATCH,

Commanding Fifth Division, Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: Send a strong party, under an active officer, by Caney Spring and McGinnisville, to Shelbyville, with instructions to move

