
with the greatest rapidity. Let them return by Farmington, if practicable gaining all the information that can be obtained of the enemy's movements. Direct the commanding officer of the party to communicate frequently.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

[NOVEMBER 27, 1864.]

James Sorrell belongs to First Tennessee, Cheatham's division; left it at Mount Pleasant 10 o'clock yesterday, the brigade passing through there at that hour; understands the division is to swing round to right of corps, which is to rest near Huey's Mill. Company disbanded; thirty men. Brown now commands division, and Cheatham, corps; Maney the brigade. His company lives in this neighborhood, and was disbanded to enable them [sic]. Lee's corps has the advance, Stewart's the rear; our corps came round through Waynesborough. Had no trouble with wagons or artillery. Lee's corps was, I suppose, at Columbia all day yesterday. Understands last night the cavalry was cooking rations to move. Thinks there are 300 guns in First Tennessee; this and Twenty-seventh Tennessee have been consolidated. Thinks there are 1,200 to 1,500 in his brigade (Maney's); thinks Hood has 30,000 to 40,000 infantry with him. Three brigades in the division; thinks there are hardly 5,000 men in division. There are only three corps here. Don't know of more than one battery wigh the division. Our corps marched from Florence to Waynesborough, and from Waynesborough to Mount Pleasant. We have only a small train-only two wagons to regiment; have a supply train with the corps; have had plenty of rations. Think Lee's corps is to the left of the line on Mount Pleasant pike. Think Beauregard is not with the army. Crossed Tennessee River on pontoon bridge at Florence. There is a line of works on this side protecting the bridge.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CAVALRY DIVISION,November 27, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to Major-General Wilson, commanding Cavalry Corps.

This prisoner, with two others captured at same time and place, crossed river at Davis' Ford early this a.m. in a canoe. One of General Croxton's officers reports that ninety men crossed at same ford this morning as he learns from citizens; don't believe it.

R. W. JOHNSON,

Brigadier-General.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,November 27, 1864-4.45 p.m.

Respectfully forwarded for information of Major-General Schofield.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

