
ply to watch them and obtain timely information of the enemy's movements in the section of country to his front. For this purpose parties of two or three men or flying patrols are as efficient as regiments. I will relieve all of your division down the river to-morrow by a brigade from Hatch.

Very respectfully,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SIXTH DIV., CAVALRY CORPS,MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Hardison's Mills, on Nashville Pike, November 27, 1864

General JOHNSON,

Sixth Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: I arrived here with my command last night and found the fords all clear. Could not learn of the enemy in this vicinity. As Captain Smith with his battalion returned, I have sent scouting parties on the Lewisburg pike to Lewisburg and out on the Shelbyville road. I will report to you whatever information they may send in as soon as received. Your order in regard to sending unserviceable horses and unarmed men to Nashville was anticipated before I left Columbia; they were taken from the command and placed in charge of an officer who is, I believe, acting under orders from Colonel Strickland, commanding post at Columbia. The courier bearing this communication has orders for the officer in charge of the unarmed men to go to Nashville, in accordance with your order. If the officer is under Colonel Strickland's orders will it be necessary to send it? If not, will you please return the courier. The last night's march and scouting has dismounted more men, and they will be sent to Nashville as you directed.

HORACE CAPRON,

Colonel,

By N. S. BOYNTON,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SIXTH DIV., CAVALRY CORPS,MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Hardison's Ford, November 27, 1864-11.45 a.m.

Brigadier-General JOHNSON:

Commanding Sixth Div., Cav. Corps, Mil. Div. of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that a courier just in from my scout, ten miles out on the Lewisburg pike, reports a force of 300 rebels having camped at Cedar Mills last night, and leaving this morning in the direction of Shelbyville. No intelligence has been received from my scout sent upon the Shelbyville road up to the present time. On the receipt of your dispatch I immediately sent a picket to Huey's Ford. I had already picketed all the fords between here and that point before hearing from you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HORACE CAPRON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

