
you to have with them. He sends you all of the Fifth that can be raised for duty. The mounted men of the Twelfth Indiana Cavalry and some of the Tracy City men with a drove of 140 hogs that were captured in Lincoln County on Tuesday last, and driven off south of Elk. The rebel army under Hood and Forrest are on the Tennessee and Alabama Railroad from Pulaski to Columbia, and our forces have fallen back to the latter place. Forrest may come over to this railroad through Lincoln County. The general commanding directs that you send out scouts on the roads west and northwest, and to keep yourself well posted as to the movements of the enemy, and if they approach, you will send a dispatch to these headquarters, and to watch them closely. Skirmish their advance and fall back this way, being careful not to be gobbled. You will also send a dispatch to Shelbyville to inform them if the enemy comes east. Subsist your command of the country. You will go ahead with the enrollment if not interrupted by the enemy.

By command of Major-General Milroy:

JNO. O. CRAVENS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEFENSES NASHVILLE AND CHATTANOOGA R. R.,Tullahoma, November 27, 1864.

Captain ROBERT E. CAIN,

Commanding Detachment Fifth Tennessee Volunteer Cavalry:

CAPTAIN: You will proceed to this place immediately with all the garrison under your command, and bring the garrison at Manchester, under command of Captain Slade, with you. The enemy is advancing upon Shelbyville in force with his cavalry and has captured the cavalry outposts there.

By command of Major-General Milroy:

JNO. O. CRAVENS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS POST OF MURFREESBOROUGH,Murfreesborough, Tenn., November 27, 1864.

Major B. H. POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Nashville, Tenn.:

SIR: All the regiments ordered from Stevenson have arrived excepting the Fourth Michigan Infantry.

H. P. VAN CLEVE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CUMBERLAND GAP, November 27, 1864.

Captain W. P. AMMEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The river is fordable at Walker's Ford. Colonel Dillard and his command crossed there at noon to-day. All quiet here.

JAMES H. JOHNSON,

Major, Commanding.

