
LEXINGTON, November 27, 1864.

(Received 5.30 a. m. 28th.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

Major-General Schofield writes to me that in view of the assignment of Major-General Stoneman as second in command of the Department of the Ohio, with headquarters at Louisville, the necessity of my exercising the powers of a department commander, as directed in general orders from the War Department, no longer exists, and directs me to refer all matters requiring the action of a department commander to Major-General Stoneman. As the orders under which I am acting are from the War Department, and as the change proposed by General Schofield would be injurious to the interests of the service, I respectfully refer the matter to you for instruction.

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

CUMBERLAND GAP, November 27, 1864.

Captain DICKSON:

I will move on Tuesday morning with this command. Breckinridge is still at Morristown, on the railroad. I shall strike for Bull's Gap and attack him in the rear, if the remains; if the attempts to retire, I shall reach Rogersville in time to intercept him. General Stoneman will attend to him in front. There is no danger to Kentucky from any quarter. I will keep you posted in regard to the movements of the enemy. Present to General McLean and his subordinate officers my warmest thanks for the energy which they have shown in forwarding men to me and properly preparing them for the campaign. Have you no news? We have heard nothing whatever except what immediately concerns the command. Keep us posted.

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, November 27, 1864.

Brigadier-General MEREDITH, Paducah:

The major-general commanding has been notified by Major-General Halleck that all officers and troops belonging to General Sherman's forces in the field left by their commands will be under his orders. You will therefore send with such troops transportation belonging to them.

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

NASHVILLE, November 27, 1864.

Major General C. C. WASHBURN, Memphis:

The major-general commanding has been notified that all officers and troops belonging to General Sherman's forces in the field left behind by their commands will be under his orders. He directs, therefore, that you send the horses and transportation belonging to Generals Hatch's and Grierson's commands to them at once.

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

