
PADUCAH, November 27, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

I have just arrived at this point. The brigade Seventeenth Army Corps and First Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, will proceed immediately to destination, in obedience to your telegram of the 19th instant. The Third Division will be up early in the morning. Telegraph me at Smithland.

A. J. SMITH,

Major-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Cairo, Ill., November 27, 1864.

Commanding OFFICER 2nd Brigadier, 3rd DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS:

COLONEL: The colonel commanding division directs that as soon as the boats carrying the troops of your command have coated that they be sent forward to the mouth of the Cumberland River, and await further orders from these headquarters at that point.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant.

JAMES B. COMSTOCK,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy to commanding officer Third Brigade.)

NASHVILLE, TENN., November 28, 1864 - 10 a. m.

(Received 7 p. m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

Your dispatch of 9 p. m. yesterday received. We can as yet discover no signs of the withdrawal of Forrest from Tennessee, but he is closely watched, and our movements will commence against Hood as soon as possible, whether Forrest leaves Tennessee of not. My information from East Tennessee leads me to believe that Breckinridge is either falling back to Virginia or is on his way to Georgia. He now holds Bull's Gap, but Stoneman is moving on that place from Knoxville and Burbridge from Cumberland Gap. Stoneman already has orders to destroy railroads into Virginia, if he possibly can.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, TENN., November 28, 1864 - 10 p. m.

(Received 1 a. m. 29th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

Major-General Stoneman, from Knoxville, in a telegram to me to day, states that, as near he can learn from scouts and deserters, all the mounted force Breckinridge brought with him is now in the vicinity of Bull's Gap, numbering about 2,500; a portion of his dismounted force, under Palmer (about 700), has gone back to Asheville, and Breckinridge, with the rest of the dismounted force (about 700, with captured wagons and artillery), has gone back to Wytheville. Burbridge's

