
troops will all be through Cumberland Gap to-morrow; they have been detained by high water. The following dispatch from General Schofield is submitted for your information:

NEAR COLUMBIA, November 28, 1864 - 9.30 a. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

My troops and material all on the north of Duck River; the withdrawal was completed at daylight this morning without serious difficulty. Cox holds the ford in front of Columbia, and Ruver the railroad bridge, which I partially destroyed. Stanley is going into position a short distance in rear of Cox. I think I can now stop Hood's advance by any line near this, and meet in time any distant movement to turn my position. I regret extremely the necessity of withdrawing form Columbia, but believe it was absolute; I will explain fully in time. I have all the fords above and below this place well watched and guarded as far as possible. Wilson is operating with his main force on my left. The enemy does nor appear to have moved in that direction yet to any considerable distance. I will probably be able to give you pretty full information this evening.

JNO. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., November 28, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS,

Nashville, Tenn.:

General Grant directs me to say that it is not expected of you to give to the major-generals ordered to report to you commands of more than divisions.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

MOUND CITY, November 28, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

Telegram received. Will do as you desire, and notify you.

S. P. LEE,

Admiral, Commanding Mississippi Squadron.

INDIANAPOLIS, November 28, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

Twenty-fifth Indiana Battery, new organization, with full complement of men, guns, and horse, just left for Nashville.

HENRY B. CARRINGTON,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, November 28, 1864 - 11 a. m.

Colonel W. E. MERRILL,

Chattanooga:

Have your boats overhauled immediately and await orders.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

70 R R-VOL XLV, PT I

