
NASHVILLE, November 28, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

You can send some of the pontoons you used at Columbia to Franklin to lay a bridge there. I will answer your other telegrams in a few moments.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

NEAR COLUMBIA, November 28, 1864 - 6 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS, Nashville:

The enemy's cavalry in force has crossed the river on the Lewisburg pike, and is now in possession of Rally Hill. Wilson is trying to get onto the Franklin road ahead of them. He thinks the enemy may swing in between him and me and strike Spring Hill, and wants Hammond's brigade to halts there. Please give to orders if you know where it is. Also, I think it would be well to send A. J. Smith's force to that place.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, November 28, 1864 - 8 p. m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

If you are confident you can hold your present position, I wish you to do so until I can get General Smith here. After his arrival we can withdraw gradually, and invite Hood across Duck River and fall upon him with our whole force, or wait until Wilson can organize his entire cavalry force, and then withdrew from your present position. Should Hood then cross the river we surely can ruin him. You may have the fords at Centerville, Beard's Ferry, Gordon's Ferry, and Williamsport thoroughly obstructed, by filling up all the roads leading from them with trees, and then replace your infantry by cavalry. Send an intelligent staff officer to see that the work is properly done. As soon as relieved, concentrate your infantry. The cavalry will be able to retard, if not prevent, Hood from crossing, after the roads are thoroughly obstructed, if they do their duty. The road leading from Centerville to Nashville should be thoroughly obstructed. I am not sure but it would be a god plan to invite Hood across Duck River, if we can get him to move toward Clarksville. Is there no conveniences for unloading beyond Thompson's Station?

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

