
ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, November 28, 1864.

(Via Louisville.)

Major-General SCHOFIELD, Commanding Department of the Ohio:

Brevet Major-General Burbridge telegraphs to the Secretary of War that you have relieved him from the command assigned him by the President, in view of the presence of Major-General Stoneman at Louisville. The Secretary of War directs me to say that this order is unauthorized and is hereby countermanded. The Secretary further directs that General Stoneman be relieved from duty in the Department of the Ohio, and that he repair to Cincinnati, Ohio, and there await orders, reporting his arrival to the Adjutant-General by letter. Acknowledge receipt.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Near Columbia, Tenn., November 28, 1864.

Major J. A. CAMPBELL, Asst. Adjt. General, Army of the Ohio:

MAJOR: The following extracts from dispatches received during the night are forwarded for the information of the general commanding:

General Croxtion's pickets, who are stationed at the fords above Huey's Mill, report "that they hear rumors that rebel infantry are moving on the opposite side of the river toward the mouth of Cedar Creek, and that they intend crossing them where the Lewisburg pike crosses Duck River."

Colonel Capron reports that a scout on the Shellbyville pike has just returned; it went "two miles up the Nolensville pike, and learned from citizens that a rebel scout of thirty men passed there yesterday evening; that the Eleventh Tennessee (rebel) Cavalry (Colonel Miller) passed six miles north of Chapel Hill, toward Chattanooga railroad, about 8 p. m. November 26. Citizens say that Forrest is moving on the south side of the river, but the direction could not be ascertained; also that a brigade of cavalry and a corps of infantry were expected in Lewisburg this morning. Rumors from various channels concur in saying that Hood's main army is not before Columbia, but is crossing the river lower don, and moving on Nashville via Centerville."

These are nothing but rumors obtained from the country people; no reliable information, other than that obtained from the prisoners, who are sent herewith, has been obtained from south of Duck River. The scouts sent to Shelbyville have not yet returned, and no reports have been sent in from the parties at the fords on the upper river.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH DIVISION CAVALRY,November 28, 1864.

[Captain ANDREWS, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:]

CAPTAIN: Colonel Capron, under date of 9.40 a. m., [received 12.15 p. m.] reports as follows:

My force across the Duck Rive reports positively a brigade of the enemy, in line of battle, within two miles of the river. There are three fords within two miles of the

