HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Near Rally Hill, November 28, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Forces:

GENERAL: Major-General Wilson directs me to inform you that the enemy, composed solely of cavalry, form all he can learn, have crossed in considerable force and occupy the roads between him and Rally Hill.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. C. WHARTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief Engineer.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Hurt's Cross-Roads, November 28, 1864 - 8.30 p. m.

Major J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters Army of the Ohio:

I have succeeded in concentrating my command here. Capron's brigade, re-enforced by the Seventh Ohio and Fifth Iowa, have been holding the fords in front of here all day, in spite of determined efforts of the enemy to cross. The main rebel force having crossed at Davis' Ford, and moved by the Murfreesborough road, struck our people in flank and rear about Rally Hill. Colonel Captain seems to have got off, leaving the force at the fords to get out as well as they could. Major young assumed command, and after several vigorous charges, came through in good shape. The force of the enemy is believed to be all of Forrest's command moving in this direction. The orderly who left your headquarters late this evening with the dispatch in regard to Colonel Stewart's brigade saw nothing of the enemy moving toward the Franklin pike. He is evidently aiming for this road of Murfreesborough. The Sixth Illinois is at Chapel Hill to-night, having found no enemy at Shelbyville. I have sent for them to come here at once, and have also sent a party to Spring Hill for Colonel Stewart's brigade and Hammond. I'll communicate form here again as soon as the movements of the enemy can be determined in the morning. Prisoners say that Hood is going to flank us on one side or other.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,

No. 165. In the Field, near Columbia, Tenn.,

November 28, 1864.

I. The post quartermaster of Columbia will report at once to Brigadier General R. W. Johnson, commanding Sixth Cavalry Division, and will turn over his teams and wagons, in accordance with General Johnson's directions.

II. Supply and ammunition trains, with the exception of a few wagons for temporary use, will be parked near the pike and immediately north of Rutherford's Creek. Trains bringing forward supplies will return to park as soon as the rations are issued, so as to leave as few wagons as possible in the immediate presence of the troops. Each corps will furnish

