
large for the command with me to cover with any continuity, and the whole space in the bend of the river is subject to artillery fire from the forts lately held by us. I have impressed upon Reilly that no ordinary effort must be permitted to dislodge his men from the command of the ford, and that even if the enemy should get it, that a column coming over must be driven into the water before it can deploy. I am trying to cover some four miles of front, although the distance, in a right line, to the railroad is not over two miles. I am glad to know that you propose to the river at dawn and commenced a lively skirmish, which continues.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Duck River, Tenn., November 28, 1864.

Brigadier General THOMAS H. RUGER,

Commanding Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you hold this position until further orders, and attend to the removal of such material as goes north by rail, including the artillery without horses. Colonel Henderson is ordered to rejoin his division as soon as he can do so without interfering with the march of General Stanley's column. General Schofield also desires you to picket along the river, connecting with General Cox on the left.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Near Columbia, Tenn., November 28, 1864.

Brigadier General THOMAS H. RUGER,

Commanding Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps:

GENERAL: I want you to make your position perfectly secure, so as to render it impossible for the enemy to effect a crossing at that place. You may retain the guns which you have without hoses, even at the risk of losing them. If the bridge is not sufficiently burned to render it useless to the enemy complete it to-night under cover of the darkness. General Stanley's line will reach to Rutherford's Creek near the river-bank; you can connect pickets with him there. Take from the trains at the station any supplies you may want, and send the trains to Nashville. Your division supply trains have arrived, but you had best leave them on the pike with those of the corps. Keep as few wagons with you as possible. The dirt roads are very bad. A brigade of cavalry has just gone to the right; get in communication with the commanding officer. Keep advised of all that transpires on that flank, and inform me. I think a practicable road may be made, crossing Rutherford's Creek immediately in rear of General Stanley's line; if so, have it opened.

Very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

