
request, in my name, that he may be summarily dismissed in orders for publication to the corps. Do all you can, and urge Colonel Miner to give you his active assistance, in making Camp Webster a disagreeable place for worthless officers and men to get to; direct him to consider the city of Nashville fifty miles away from it, and that he has no authority to allow either men or officers to go there except on business or duty that cannot be transacted elsewhere. Repeat the operation frequently of cleaning the city of everybody who belongs to the cavalry. The policy of sending back men for remount is ruinous in its tendency, as it holds out a premium for breaking down horses. Write to Major Chambliss and suggest the necessity, as soon as this pressure is over, of devising some system of getting remounts to the front. Be very careful to see, hereafter, that nobody is permitted to leave Camp Webster not fully armed and equipped. Over 300 men of Croxton's brigade had to be sent back for arms; they left yesterday, under charge of Major Smith, with about 500 horses disabled. Direct Captain Green to hurry the preparations for recuperating this kind of stock at Nashville, as it will be the means of saving many valuable animals. You may order a general court-martial; direct it to sit without regard to hours and continue their Captain read, commissary of subsistence, to duty with me as chief commissary; I will do all in my power to promote him; attend to this at once. Telegraph to Upton, if he has been ordered to report to General Thomas, as Babcock informs me, to come on as soon as he can travel and do but. Hurry the balance of the First and Second Divisions as much as possible. Our force is now getting to be very respectable, and if Forrest will only wait for us, we shall soon be able to cope with him. Do everything in your power to get horses for Hatch's men. Send Noyes, Van Antwerp, General Knipe, and Colonel Alexander to the front as soon as they arrive. Where is the thirteenth Indiana? As soon as it and the Tenth are mounted, get General Schofield to send instructions in regard to the Twelfth are mounted, get General Thomas to order up the Sixth Illinois. Get General Schofield to send instructions in regard to the Twelfth Kentucky; telegraph to Major Chambliss not to mount it, however, till everything else is off hands. If Doctor Salter was unwell, as a medical officer he know very well that his duty required him to report the fact without delay; I am not satisfied with his explanation. Lose no opportunity to get the regiments of the Sixth Division in the field. General Johnson is the best commander I have with me. Let Watkins' brigade come forward as soon as it arrives. See that proper supplies of ammunition are kept with the army, so that we can get it when needed.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,

MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Four Miles East of Columbia, November 28, 1864.

Division commanders will made requisitions for all supplies needed by their commands, and direct the supply officer to send them to Thompson's Station at once. Division staffs must be organized at once, if even temporarily. Application in writing should be made for the return of all men on detached duty. Every effort must be made by

