
division and brigade commanders to prevent the destruction of cavalry horses by trotting or galloping through deep mud. Long marches must be made by starting early and traveling late, at a walk. Commands must be kept well together, and every effort made to keep them in good condition.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

JOHN N. ANDREWS,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Nashville, Tenn., November 28, 1864.

Brigadier General ELI LONG,

Commanding Second Division of Cavalry:

GENERAL: General Wilson requested Major Price to ask what regiments you would prefer having transferred from your division, to be replaced by one Indina regiment to be assigned to it. The strength of the Indiana regiment will probably be as large as that of the two regiments transferred.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MILL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Four Miles East of Columbia, November 28, 1864 - 12.15 a. m.

Brigadier General EDWARD HATCH.

Commanding Fifth Division, Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: Move your smallest brigade this morning at daylight, via Duck River Station, to Knob Grass Creek, selecting a good position for a camp near that stream. Picket and watch the fords as low down as Williamsport. Instruct the commanding officer to connect with the infantry on both flanks near Ducktown and Williamsport, also that he is not expected to hold the crossings of the river, but to watch the movements of the enemy by them, so as to obtain timely notice of his approach. For this purpose small parties and flying patrols are as efficient as regiments. He will relieve all the men of the Sixth Division and direct them to report to their regiments. Direct the commander of Mount Pleasant and Newburg, and to report frequently to General Schofield and myself everything he observes along his front. The Tenth Tennessee, with the Seventh Ohio, turned off at Spring Hill Station to-day and moved to Rally Hill; the Twelfth Tennessee came down the road toward Columbia, escorting trains for the Twenty-third Corps. Send officer for them (Tenth and Twelfth Tennessee) in the morning, and assign one of them to each of your brigades. I want a return from your entire division as soon as you can send it in.

Respectfully,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

