
this morning and were driven off; that there is not any considerable force there. General Milroy telegraphs the same to-night in tullahoma, and that a citizen from Columbia informed his that Hood had crossed the river twelve miles below that place and was moving toward Charlotte and Clarksville. Major Hamilton is still at Shelbyville, and will remain, in accordance with instructions of General Thomas.

LOVELL. H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, November 28, 1864 - 8 p. m.

Major-General ROUSSEAU,

Murfreesborough:

Your dispatch of this date is just received. Your information relative to Hood's crossing the river below Columbia is incorrect. I have just heard from General Schofield at 11 a. m. to-day, and Hood is still in his front, as before, having made but little change in his position in the past few days.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

SHELBYVILLE, November 28, 1864.

Major-General MILROY,

Tullahoma:

My pickets were attacked this morning by a cavalry force of about eighty men, on the north side of the place; their intention evidently was to surprise us, but they failed in that. They moved on to Fairfield pike. My entire mounted force is after them. I sent my transportation last night to Duck River bridge. My opinion is they are not moving any force, but merely a foraging expedition.

JNO. C. HAMILTON,

Major, Commanding.

JOHNSONVILLE, November 28, 1864 - 1.15 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

None of Meredith's force are across the river at Big Sandy. No force this side of Duck River, except guerrillas. Guerillas very thick on other side of Duck. They cannot cross without swimming. McNairy is at work on the road. Guard should be sent with every train.

C. R. THOMPSON,

Colonel.

JOHNSONVILLE, November 28, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

The Forty-third Wisconsin have been ordered to report to General Rousseau and assigned to the Twentieth Corps. Will they be moved from this place immediately or be used to guard quartermaster's trains? They are only troops here expect the Second Tennessee Mounted Infantry.

C. R. THOMPSON,

Colonel, Commanding.

