
outside line and falling back to the first line of works at 7 o'clock and remaining one hour, when they fell back to the interior line abandoned by the troops, holding that line until near daylight. The fort and magazine were fired, but the destruction was not very complete. The morning of the 28th we occupied the high ground immediately north of Duck River, from below the railroad bridge to about mile above Columbia. The railroad and pontoon bridges had been destroyed. The enemy could be seen in full view across the river. The troops were employed on the 28th in strengthening their position on the north bank of Duck River; one brigade, Whitaker's, was sent back to Rutherford's Creek to protect all the trains of the army parked near the crossing on the Franklin pike. About 3 p. m. it was learned that Forrest's cavalry had driven Colonel Capron's brigade of cavalry to the north bank of Duck River, eleven miles above, and that the rebel cavalry had effected a crossing to the same side. Later int he evening the pickets of Wood's division reported the enemy crossing cavalry at Huey's Mills, five miles above Columbia. A reconnaissance sent after dark failed to find the enemy, but early on the morning of the 29th General wilson sent word that the enemy had laid a pontoon bridge at Huey's Mills.

At 8 a. m ont he 29th I started to Spring Hill with the First and Second Divisions, all the artillery that could be spared, and all trains and ambulances to follow; at the same time a reconnaissance, consisting of Colonel Post's brigade, of Wood's division, was sent up the river, and soon sent back word that the enemy was crossing infantry and wagons and moving off rapidly to the north and parallel to the turnpike. It being apprehended that the enemy might make a flank attack upon the position of our force between Duck River and Rutherford's Creek, the First Division, General Kimball commanding, was halted, and took up position to cover the crossing of the creek. At 11.30 o'clock the head of the Second divison was within two miles of Spring Hill. A cavalry soldier, who seemed badly scared, was met here, who stated that a scout had come in from the direction of Raleigh [Rally] Hill, and reported that Buford's division of rebel cavalry was half way between Raleigh [Rally] Hill and Spring Hill, and on the march to the latter place. The Second Division was pushed on, and attracted by the firing east of the village, double-quicked into the place and deployed the leading brigade as they advance, drove off a force of the enemy's cavalry which was driving our small force of cavalry and infantry and would very soon have occupied the town. General Wagner was ordered to deploy his division at once; Opdycke's and Lane's brigades to cover as much space about the village as would serve for room to park the trains; General Bradley's brigade was sent to occupy a wooded knoll about three-quarters of a mile east of the pike, and which commanded the approaches from that direction.

Up to this time it was thought we had only cavalry to contend with, but a general officer and his staff, at whom we sent some complimentary shells, were seen reconnoitering our position, and very soon afterward General Bradley was assailed by a force which the men said fought too well to be any dismounted cavalry. I received General Schofield's dispatch about the same time, telling me that the rebels had been crossing the river, and leaving no doubt but hat we now confronted a superior force of rebel infantry. About the same time an attack was made upon a small wagon train, composed of some pressed wagons which had passed on, by rebel cavalry, at Reynolds' [Thompson's] Station, three miles toward Franklin, and simultaneously the rebel cavalry appeared west of us and threatened the railroad station of Spring

8 R R-VOL XLV, PT I

