
CUMBERLAND GAP, November 28, 1864.

Captain W. P. AMMEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Have just returned to this place with the Tenth Michigan Cavalry; could not cross Clinch. The Thirty-fourth Kentucky will arrive to-morrow evening. It is impossible to take wagons and make the trip under eight days. The cavalry horses are getting in bad condition.

W. Y. DILLARD,

Colonel, &amp;c.

CUMBERLAND GAP, November 28, 1864.

Captain H. BATER DICKSON:

We will be detained here a few days waiting for General Stoneman to get his force ready. The general desires you and General McLean to send forward any detachment of troops belonging to regiments in this command that may have been overlooked. He desires also that the battalion of Sixth U. S. Colored Cavalry at Camp Nelson be mounted and sent at once. Troops and supplies are arriving at Knoxville from Chattanooga. Gillem will join us with a division. We go much farther than at first supposed. Nearly 600 of this command have straggled; see if some of them cannot be gathered and sent forward. Please send General McLean a copy of this.

JAS. S. BRISBIN,

Colonel, &c.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

November 28, 1864.

Major-General BURBRIDGE,

Lexington, Ky.:

I am directed by the Secretary of War to inform you that the rider of General Schofield to you referred to in your telegram is unauthorized, and is hereby countermanded and revoked. Your present position and command were conferred on you by direct order of the President, and no subordinate can charge it, unless for misconduct on your part, of some exigency of the service requiring action so immediate that the President's orders cannot be waited for. General Stoneman had been relieved, and ordered to report to Cincinnati.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEBANON, November 28, 1864.

Captain JOHN S. BUTLER:

Guerrillas are in the vicinity of Raywick, threatening to kill Union men. Would it not be well to order detachment os Thirteenth Kentucky Cavalry to that point for protection? It is twelve miles from this point. Colonel Morrison is here. Direct him to send detachment if you deem it advisable.

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.

