
LEXINGTON, KY., November 28, 1864.

Brigadier-General HOBSON,

Lebanon, Ky.:

Have all the Thirteenth Kentucky Cavalry at Lebanon that are mounted to move at once to Cumberland Gap and report to regiment. If guard is needed at Lebanon request General Ewing to send one from Louisville.

By command of Brigadier-General McLean:

J. S. BUTLER,

assistant Adjutant-General.

LEBANON, November 28, 1864.

Captain J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Have just received orders from Colonel Weatherford to move entire command from this place to Camp Nelson. The guerrillas are around here is several squads committing atrocious deeds of murder of citizens and soldiers. Thirteen citizens were murdered yesterday in the vicinity of Springfield. I have ben under such strict orders that I could not scout far enough. The quartermaster's stores at this place ought to be protected.

J. A MORRISON,

Lieutenant-Colonel Thirteenth Kentucky Cavalry.

NASHVILLE, TENN., November 28, 1864.

Major General A. J. SMITH,

Smithland:

Your dispatch of 12 m. yesterday is just received. Everything is working nicely, and I have your detachments from Memphis here awaiting your arrival. Your entire command will coma to this place.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 1ST DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS,

On Board Steamer Albert Pearce,

No. 62. November 28, 1864.

The transports carrying the troops of this division will move up the Cumberland River in the following order: First, Albert Pearce, division headquarters; second, Havana, First Brigade headquarters; third, James Raymond; fourth Julia, Second Brigade headquarters; fifth, Lilly Martin; sixth, Maggie Hayes; seventh, Victory; eighth, Marmora; night, Camelia, Third Brigade headquarters; tenth, Silver Cloud.

The Maggie Hayes will be temporarily detached from the above order, but will not interfere with order of the remainder of the fleet.

A strict adherence will be observed by the transports in regard to the signals and instructions in General Orders, No. 18, headquarters Right Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps, dated Steamer Arago, November 26, 1864.

By command of Brigadier General J. McArthur:

W. H. F. RANDALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

