
No reports from One hundred and fortieth and One hundred and forty-second Indiana Infantry, One hundred and eighty-first and One hundred and eighty-third Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Forty-second and Forty-fourth U. S. Colored Troops, Companies L and M, First Michigan Engines and Mechanics, and detachments Eleventh Michigan and Thirty-second Indiana Volunteers.

Respectfully, submitted.

WM. L. PORTER,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., November 29, 1864 - 10.30 p. m.

(Received 12.30 a. m. 30th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

Major-General Schofield telegraphs me the following, which I submit for your information:
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,November 29, 1864 - 8.30 a. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

The enemy's cavalry has crossed in force on the Lewisburg pike, and General Wilson reports the enemy's infantry crossing above Huey's Mill, about five miles from this place. I have sent an infantry reconnaissance to learn the facts. If it proves true I will act according to your instructions received this morning.*

JNO. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

Dispatches from General Wilson confirm the above, and he furnishes the additional information that Forrest is meditating an attack upon Nashville at his earliest opportunity. I am making dispositions of my troops to received him and give him a warm reception. I am expecting General Smit's troops to arrive almost every hour, as I received a dispatch form Clarksville this p. m. announcing his passing that place at 2.30 p. m. to-day.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

GLAG-SHIP BLACK HAWK,

Paducah, November 29, 1864.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Nashville, Tenn.:

At the suggestion of General Meredith, and in view of the reported movements of General Hood, I have sent the two iron-clads (which I had got here yesterday to make the reconnaissance you desired) to the Cumberland, to protect the passage of the troops under General Smith and your supplies to Nashville. Lieutenant-Commander Fitch is directed then to communicate in person with you at Nashville, and then to take the two iron-clads from the Cumberland up the Tennessee, to make the reconnaissance or to flank Hood, unless you think their services more necessary on the Cumberland. Would that I had a good iron-clad force on both rivers. I will have another iron-clad for this service in a few days. I have been making every effort to meet your

---------------

*For full text of this dispatch as sent to and received by Thomas, see p.1137.

---------------

