
as advance position until the force can get behind the Harpeth, which will be accomplished to-morrow. Forces have been withdrawn from the Northwestern railroad, and no trains will be run on that or the Chattanooga railroad until a safer time. Steedman comes to Cowan with all the forces he can bring. Rebel cavalry at Shelbyville. General A. J. Smith not arrived yet. The Cumberland is falling fast. The weather is warm.

J. C. VAN DUZER.

NASHVILLE, November 29, 1864 - 3.30 a. m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Near Columbia:

Your dispatches of 6 p. m. and 9 p.m . yesterday are received. I have directed General Hammond to halt his command at Spring Hill and report to you for orders, if he cannot communicate with General Wilson, and also instructing him to keep you well advised of the enemy's movements. I desire you to fall back from Columbia and to take up your position at Franklin, leaving a sufficient force at Spring Hill to contest the enemy's progress until you are securely posted at Franklin. the troops at the fords below Willimasport, &amp;c., will be withdrawn and take up a position behind Franklin. General. J. Smith's command has not yet reached Nashville; as soon as he arrives I will make immediate disposition of his troops and notify you of the same. Please send me a report as to how matters stand upon your receipt of this.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

Memorandum by operator at General Thomas' headquarters.

GENERAL: My night cipher man neglected to attend to yours for General Schofield, dated 3.30 a. m., and which he says was delivered here at 5.25 a. m., as envelope will prove. He was then engaged on an order to Captain Wentz ordering railroad matters. He says he was off duty (it being 6 a. m.), and notified man relieving him to attend to it. It was culpable action, and I trust will not again occur. My health must alone be my excuse for not personally attending to it.

Respectfully,

GLASS,

Operator.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Franklin Pike, Tenn., November 29, 1864 - 8.20 a. m.

Major-General THOMAS, Nashville:

The enemy's cavalry has crossed in force on the Lewisburg pike, and General Wilson reports the infantry crossing above Huey's Mills, about five miles from this place. I have sent an infantry reconnaissance to learn the fat. If it prove true I will act according to your instruction s received this morning. Please send orders to General Cooper, via Johnsonville; it may be doubtful whether my messenger from here will reach him.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

72 R R-VOL XLV, PT I

