
NOVEMBER 29, 1864 - 1 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

Please have pontoons put down at Franklin at once.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, November 29, 1864 - 2.30 p. m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD, Franklin:

Your dispatch of 8 a. m. received. I have sent orders to General Cooper, as you requested, but I think it would be well for you t send a second messenger to him, to make sure that he receives his orders.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, November 29, 1864.

(Via Franklin.)

Major-General SCHOFIELD, Near Columbia:

I have a report from the Northwestern railroad that four regiments of Forrest's cavalry have crossed Duck River below Wiliamsport. Have you any such information?

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

FRANKLIN, November 29, 1864 - 10 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

Major-General Schofield directs me to inform you that the enemy's cavalry crossed Duck River in force at daylight this morning at Huey's Mill, six miles from Columbia, and pushed at once for Spring Hill. Their cavalry reached that point at 4 p. m., and their infantry came in before dark and attacked General Stanley, who held the place with one division, very heavily. General Schofield's troops are pushing for Franklin as rapidly as possible. The general says he will not be able to get farther than Thompson's Station to-night, and possibly not farther than Spring Hill. He regards his situation as extremely perilous, and fears that he may be forced into a general battle to-morrow or lose his wagon train. General Wislon's cavalry have been pushed off toward the east, and do not connect with our infantry nor cover the pike. Thinking that the troops under General A. J. Smith had reached Franklin, general Schofield directed me to have them pushed down the Franklin, General Schofield directed me to have them pushed down the Franklin pike to Spring Hill by daylight to-morrow. I left General Schofield two hours ago at Thompson's Station.

WM. J. TWINING,

Captain, Aide-de-Camp and Chief Engineer, Army of the Ohio.

NASHVILLE, November 29, 1864 - 11 p. m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD, Franklin:

General Wilson has telegraphed me very fully the movements of the enemy yesterday and this morning. he believes Forrest is aiming

