
to strike this place, whilst the infantry will move against you and attempt to get on your flank. If you discover such to be his movement you had better cross Harpeth at Franklin, and then retire along the Franklin pike to this place, covering your wagon train and the railroad. I directed General Cooper, in accordance with your wishes, yesterday to withdraw from Centerville by the Nashville road, crossing Harpeth at Widow Dean's, and to report to you from that place for further orders. You had better send orders to meet him.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

NOVEMBER 29, 1864 - 10.45 a. m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

General: Our skirmish line is now two miles from where I left you. One mile in front of us a column of infantry is moving up form Huey's Mill, or some point in that vicinity. After I first saw them they changed the direction of their column behind a hill, and I cannot tell whether they intend to advance or merely hold us in check. Colonel Post will holds on here till further orders.

I am, general, very respectfully,

WM. J. TWINING,

Captain, Aide-de-Camp and Chief Engineer.

[As recorded in General Schofield's order book.]

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE OHIO

No. 166. Spring Hill, Tenn., November 29, 1864.

I. The army will return to Franklin in the following order, viz:

General Stanley, with Wagner's division, will hold his position at Spring hill until the army and trains have passed, and will act as rear guard from that point.

Colonel Stewart's cavalry, and also Colonel Hammond's, if he be within reach, will cover the flanks of the rear guard, and take its place under proper circumstances.

At dusk this evening General Cox will withdraw all save his picket-line, with a storm support, and march direct for Franklin, unless he finds the enemy drives in his pickets, in which case he will halt in the works in rear of his headquarters until the enemy is checked and the movement can be conducted without danger to the column in rear.

General Wood will continue the movement of General Cox, withdrawing by his right and following toward Franklin.

General Ruger will hold position on the north bank of Rutherford's Creek until all the troops, including skirmishers, shall have passed, when he will retire as rear guard, passing General Wagner at Spring Hill.

The pickets along Duck River will be withdrawn at midnight and will marched once to join their commands, except those of General Wood's right, which will halt in General Stanley's works one hour.

