
Hill. Thus we were threatened and attacked from every direction, and it was impossible to send any re-enforcements to Bradley's brigade, which had become quite severely engaged, lest in so doing we should expose the train and artillery part to destruction. The enemy made two assaults on Bradley's position, and were severely handled and repulsed; but finding his flank the third time they overlapped him on his right, and the general at the time receiving a severe wound whilst encouraging his men, his brigade was driven back to the outskirts of the village, where we rallied them and again formed them in line. The enemy attempted to follow up his advantage, but coming across the corn-field toward the village they fell under the fire of at least eight pieces of artillery, at good range for spherical case-shot, and received a fire in flank from a section of a battery shish had been placed on the pike south of the village. A part of the rebel force making the charge fled to their rear, and a portion ran down into a ravine between their own and our lines and concealed themselves int he bed of the small steam, neither able to crawl forward or go back until night-fall. This was the condition of affairs when night fell. General Bradley's brigade had lost about 150 men in killed, wounded, and missing. We now know that the enemy lost, according to the statement of one of their surgeons who was on the field, 500 men. Our greatest loss was in the disabling of so intrepid an officer as General Bradley.

As night closed we could see the enemy rapidly extending his lines, and by 8 o'clock it was evident that at least a corps of Hood's army was formed in line of battle, facing the turnpike, and at a near distance of but little more than a half a mile from it. General Schofield arrived from Columbia at 7 o'clock in the evening with Ruger's division. He found the enemy on the pike, and had quite a skirmish in driving them off. My pickets had reported seeing rebel columns passing east of our position as if to get possession of the hills at Thompson's Station, and the anxious question arose whether we could force our way through to Franklin. It was determined to attempt this, and General Schofield pushed on with Ruger's division to ascertain the condition of affairs. He found that the enemy did not attempt to hold the road. If was now 11 o'clock at night, and Cox's division had just arrived from in front of Columbia; the division pushed on at once for Franklin. From a rebel officer, captain and adjutant-general of Cleburne's division, we learned that it was his division of the rebel army we had been fighting. Wood's division, of the Fourth Corps, arrived just after Cox. The enemy's skirmishers fired into the column frequently, and stampeded a new regiment which had just joined the day before; but instructions were sent to push on and not get into a fight if the enemy kept off the road, and in half an hour after General Wood's division arrived I had the satisfaction of meeting the head of General Kimball's column, which go through with some skirmishing. So close were the enemy on our flank that, when a column was not passing, it was difficult for a staff officer or an orderly to get through on the road. General Cox's division was out of the way, and the train commenced to pull out at 1 o'clock the morning of the 30th. The number of wagons, including artillery and ambulances, was about 800. At the very starting point they had to pass singly over a bridge, and it was exceedingly doubtful whether the train could be put on the road by daylight. Unless this could be done, and the corps put in motion, we were sure of being attacked at daylight and of being compelled to fight under every disadvantage. I was strongly advised to burn the train, and move on with the troops and such wagons as could be saved, but I determined

