
General Ruger's troops at Ducktown will march at 11 o'clock; will move along the railroad and join the division where the railroad strikes the pike.

The trains will move, without delay, to Franklin, under such escort as General Stanley may think necessary. If the necessary escort diminish too much the force at Spring Hill, General Stanley will detail from one of his other divisions sufficient force for the rear guard from that point.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[As received by General Stanley.]

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE OHIO,

Numbers - November 29, 1864.

The army will retire to Franklin in the following order, viz:

General Stanley, with General Wagner's division, will hold his position at Spring Hill until the army and trains have passed, and will act as rear guard from that point.

Colonel Stewart's cavalry, nd also General Hammond's, if he be within reach, will cover the flanks of the rear guard, and take its place under proper circumstances.

At dark this evening General Cox withdraw all save his picket-line, with a strong support, and march direct for Franklin, unless he find the enemy drives in his pickets, in which case he will halt in the works in rear of his headquarters until the enemy is checked and the movement can be continued without danger to the column in rear.

General Wood will continue the movement of General Cox, withdrawing by his right and following toward Franklin.

General Kimball will follow General Wood in like manner.

General Ruger will hold position on the north bank of Rutherford's Creek until all the troops, including skirmishers, shall have passed, when he will retire as rear guard, passing General Wagner's division at Spring Hill.

The pickets along Duck River will be withdrawn at midnight and will mach at once to join their proper commands, except those of General Wood's right, which will halt in General Stanley's works one hour.

General Ruger's troops at Ducktown will march at 11 o'clock; will move along the railroad and join the division where the railroad strikes the pike.

The trains will move, without delay, to Franklin, under such escort as General Stanley may think necessary. If the necessary escort diminish the force at Spring Hill to much, General Stanley will detain from one of his other divisions force for the rear guard from that point.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Major-General STANLEY,

Commanding Fourth Army Corps.

[Indorsement.]

GENERAL: Copies have been furnished General Wood and Kimball.

J. A. CAMPBELL.

