SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS,Numbers -. Near Columbia, November 29,1 864.

1. Casement's brigade will move at dark into the works crossing the turnpike near these headquarters.

2. Henderson's and Reilly's brigades will then pass through Casement's, in the order named, and take the road to Spring Hill; Casement's will follow in the rear.

3. The artillery, except a section without caissons, will follow Heanderson's brigade. The one section will halt at Casement's brigade and accompany it.

4. the pickets will be maintained till midnight, if possible, and will then follow and overtake the command. All the pickets of the division will constitute one command, under an officer assigned by General Reilly, and the officer of the day of each of the other brigades will report to him.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

(Second copy.)
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Hurt's Cross-Roads, November 29, 1864 - 1 a. m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Near Columbia:

I have a prisoner who came with General Forrest to day from Columbia. The rebel cavalry - Buford's, Chalmers', Jackson's divisions, a part Roddey's division, and Biffle's regiment (Forrest's escort) - crossed, by swimming, above Huey's Mill. forrest himself left Columbia at 4.30 p. m. The rebel infantry were then expecting every minute to march. They were building three pontoon bridges just above Huey's when my prisoner crossed - expected to be ready by 11 to-night (of the 28th). The whole rebel force, except Buford's division, are encamped near Widown Shannon's to-night, on the Columbia and Shelbyville road. Buford is in my front, about Rally Hill. I think it very clear that they are aiming for Franklin, and that you ought to get to Spring Hill by 10 a. m. I'll keep on this road and hold the enemy all I can. If I had Hammond and Stewart here, I think they could not make anything until their infantry caught up. Communicate with me by Thompson's Station or Spring Hill, and thence eastward. I'll try to get no farther back to-morrow than the Ridge Meeting-House, due east from Thompson's, on this road. I shall probably leave this pike there and move toward Nolensville. Another prisoner confirms the above. Jackson's division is also at or near Rally Hill. There may be no strong advance of the enemy's cavalry till the infantry have crossed, which will be between new and daylight. Get back to Franklin without delay, leaving a small force to detain the enemy. The rebel s will move by this road toward that point.

Very respectfully,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

This is started at 3 a. m.

J. H. W.

[Addressed on outside - Major-General Schofield by courier from Spring Hill. Important, Trot!!]

