
Peytonsville, toward Nashville. In anticipation of your order, Johnson is crossing the Harpeth, with orders to throw out strong parties toward Triune, feed and groom, and push to Nolensville, whilst Hammond and Hatch occupy a position near me, covering the roads toward Henderson's Ford and Franklin. I will hold them where they are an hour or two longer, or till I hear the result of Johnson's observations. i am afraid now that we held on too long near Hurt's Cross-Roads this morning. Indication are very strong that while the enemy attacked us in force, he threw columns on the Bethesda and Peytonsville road. I have heard heavy firing in your direction all day, and feel very solicitous for you. I hope that yo will pass the Harpeth to-night. I shall be concentrated again in two or three hours so as to cover the Brentwood pike, and be able to reach the Nolensville pike by daylight, so that should Forrest succeed in reaching Nashville ahead of me, i shall be there very closely behind him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Two and a half Miles from Franklin, on Road to Triune,

November 29, 1864 - 10 p. m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

I arrived here about half an hour ago with Hatch and Hammond, having left the Franklin and Lewisburg pike after dark. Since night a scout, sent out toward Mount Carmel, drove in the enemy's cavalry pickets near the Ridge Meeting-House, and discovered a large camp of the enemy near that place. Hammond's brigade left here for Triune; will march there without halting, and report all movements of the enemy in that direction. I have the river pickets well out toward Triune, particularly toward the main crossings. I am very anxious to know your position and the result of the day's operations. I thin it probable that a part of the enemy's cavalry this afternoon aimed to strike your rear or flank at Thompson's Station.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Hurt's Cross-Roads, on Franklin and Lewisburg Pike,

November 29,1 864 - 3 a. m. (Via Franklin 9.30 a. m.)

Major General G. H. THOMAS,

Commanding Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: Forrest's cavalry - Bufford's, Chalmers', and Jackson's divisions, a part of Roddey's, and Biffle's regiment - crossed Duck River on this road and at several fords between it and Huey's Mill, seven miles above Columbia, yesterday. A pontoon train sufficient for three bridges had arrived at Huey's just before dark; the bridges were expected to be ready by 11 o'clock last night and their infantry across by daylight this morning. The cavalry began crossing about noon at Davis' Rord, near Huey's, but could not get across at Harrison's, on this pike, till Capron's and Garrard's brigades were struck in flank and rear by the rebels at Rally Hill. I have kept General Schofield fully informed, and at 1 a.

