
m. sent him the information above, advising him to get back to Franklin at once. I have all of my command, except Hammond and Hatch's First Brigade, here. I don't know where the former is; the latter had been watching the river at Knob Grass Creek, and was ordered at sunset last night to join me by Spring Hill. I shall delay the enemy all in my power, if he presses me, and follow him wherever he goes. I have information from Chapel Hill to-day. The Sixth Illinois is probably near that place to-night, having gone to Shelbyville on a scout. I am sure, from what prisoners tell me, that the enemy is aiming for Nashville, via Franklin; his present direction, the location of his bridges, and the circumstances point clearly to that conclusion. This being true, I shall probably cross the Harpeth midway between Triune and Franklin and aim for Nolensville. Everything should be got off the Chattanooga road to-day. Hurry forward all the cavalry via Nolensville. I think everything should be concentrated at Nashville.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Four Miles Southeast of Franklin,

November 29, 1864 - 2 p. m.

Major General G. H. THOMAS:

GENERAL: The enemy pressed the rear of my column closely as far as the Ridge Meeting-House, and, by marching around my left, prevented me from getting on the Peytonsville pike. My impression is that Forrest is aiming for Nashville, via Triune and Nolensville. A part of his force may have cut into Spring Hill; heavy artillery firing heard in that direction since 11 a. m. I cannot hear from Schofield, but for fear he may not have reached Franklin, I shall holds Hatch's Second Brigade and Hammond here till I know all is clear. In the meantime, Johnson and Croxton are crossing the Harpeth at Henderson's Ford, with orders to push strong parties toward Triune, feed, groom, and be ready to push on to Nolensville to-night, if they find the enemy is moving in that direction; I shall go in the same direction as soon as I can leave here in safety. You had better look out for Forrest at Nashville to-morrow noon; I'll be there before or very soon after he makes his appearance.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

NASHVILLE, November 29, 1864 - 8 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel H. C. WHARTON,

Franklin:

General Wilson's telegrams have been received. What additional news have you? General Smith's troops passed Clarksville at 2.30 p. m. to-day, and I expect them at Nashville by 10 p. m. We have about 8,000 troops here besides Smith's expected. Show this dispatch to General Schofield.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

