
FRANKLIN, November 29, 1864.

(Received 9.30 p. m.)

Major-General THOMAS:

I have no additional news. No firing has been heard since 4 p. m. I have forwarded your dispatch of 8 p. m. to Major-General Schofield, who has not yet reached this point.

H. C. WHARTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Engineers.

MEMPHIS, TENN., November 29, 1864.

Lieutenant NOYES,

Second U. S. Cavalry, Aide-de-Camp:

LIEUTENANT: I desire you to represent to the major-general commanidng the corps the following condition of cavalry to remain at this point, in accordance with the decision of Major General C. C. Washburn, as to-day made:

Regiments remaining: Second New Jersey Cavalry, about 1,400; Fourth Missouri Cavalry, about 450; First Mississippi Mounted Rifles, about 350; Seventh Indiana Cavalry, about 850; aggregate, 3,050 men.

The Second New Jersey are high-bounty men, and about 600 are recruited of late for one year. The Fourth Missouri are veterans and recruits, with, say, two years to serve. The First Mississippi Mounted Rifles were organized here, and are yet without regular organization, enlisted originally, I believe, for three years. The Seventh Indiana is a good regiment, which has about two years to serve. There is no good feeling existing between officers and men of this regiment and those of the others. I think, with care and attention, the Seventh Indiama could be made an effective regiment, but now it lacks discipline and prompt attention to the duties devolving on both officers and men. I give it as my opinion, that if this regiment can consistently be withdrawn from this place, in addition to those already ordered off (viz, Third and Fourth Iowa and Tenth Missouri), it will be much better for the command generally, and especially for this Seventh Indiana. With the attention which could be given it and the example of the other regiments to follow, its effectiveness could be increased at least 50 per cent. The regiment wants (badly) different association. The men fight well.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. F. WINSLOW,

Colonel Fourth Iowa Cavalry.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., CAVALRY CORPS,

MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

No. 39. Near Louisville, Ky., November 29, 1864.

Colonel O. H. La Grange will march with his brigade on Thursday morning to Nashville, via Shepherdsville, Ky. On his arrival in Nashville he will report to the headquarters of Major-General Wilson for orders. His quartermaster will make the necessary arrangements with Captain De Wolf for supplying forage along the route. Colonel La Grange will report to Major Chambliss the time at which he starts, in order that it may be telegraphed to the front.

By command of Brigadier General E. M. McCook:

ROBERT LE ROY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

