SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

No. 23. Nashville, November 29, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

III. Brigadier General L. D. Watkins is temporarily assigned to the command of all the mounted and dismounted men of the Cavalry Corps of the Military Division of the Mississippi at Nashville. He will immediately prepare his command for active service. Commanding officers General Watkins at these headquarters without delay.

[By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.]

CAMP NEAR LOUISVILLE, KY., November 29, 1864.

Major E. B. BEAUMONT,

A. A. G., Cavalry Corps, Mil. Div. of the Miss., Nashville, Tenn.:

MAJOR: Please issue the order changing the regiments in the division (if the order is to be issued) made out as soon as you can conveniently. I want Colonel Seidel, of the Third Ohio Cavalry, who is a fighting man and will do good work with the brigade, to command it, and the sooner the Fourth Michigan Cavalry and First Ohio Cavalry, both of whose colonels rank him, are taken out of the brigade the greater it will facilitate me in organizing it and rendering it efficient.

Hoping that you will attend to this matter as soon as you can,

I am, very truly, yours,

ELI LONG.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION CAVALRY, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS.,Louisville, November 29, 1864.

Major E. B. BEAUMONT,

A. A. G., Cavalry Corps, Mil. Div. of the Miss., Nashville, Tenn.:

SIR: You dispatch is received. I will start the Fourth Ohio Cavalry on the 1st, unless the order is countermanded by General Whipple, who telegraphed it to me. There are but a few officers left in the regiment, nearly al of them having been mustered out. When I will be able to get any of the rest of the division off is more than I can say; but judging form the success with which we have been ale to draw supplies so far, it will be at least two weeks move before the rest of this brigade will be able to move. La Grange's brigade, of McCook's division, is just outfitting, and my requisitions are all ready for supplies, and the brigades and regiments, if necessary, can leave here in forty-eight hours after the supplies are drawn. McCook will, I understand, take nearly all of the horses now on hand here. The Cavalry Bureau is behindhand with its supplies, and division commanders cannot be expected to hurry or control it.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ELI LONG,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding Division.

