HEADQUARTERS FIFTH DIVISION CAVALRY,Near Franklin, November 29, 1864 - 9.30 p. m.

Major-General WILSON,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

I have the honor to report Captain Bandy struck the enemy's pickets about two miles north of Mount Carmel, found the enemy in force, and, from the appearance of the camp-fires, believes there is a strong force camped in that neighborhood.

Very truly, your obedient servant,

EDWARD HATCH,

Brigadier-General.

NOVEMBER 29, 1864 - 1 a. m.

[Major-General WILSON:]

GENERAL: I sent you a prisoner some short time ago, one item of whose information I deem it proper to communicate, in writing, lest the prisoner should not be examined to-night. He was captured by part of the company which went to escort Colonel Harrison to his brigade. This man was picked up a very short distance in rear of General Forrest and staff, on a road running north between this and Columbia. The whole force of cavalry crossed over, he says, before Forrest left Columbia, as indicating the whereabouts of the main force of their cavalry. I have thought proper to call your attention to this.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. W. JOHNSON,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, November 29, 1864 - 3.30 a. m.

Brigadier-General HAMMOND,

Franklin:

The following message is just received from General Schofield, near Columbia, and is sent for your information and guidance.*

If not already beyond that point, yo will halt your brigade at Spring Hill, in accordance with General Wilson's wishes, and report to Major-General Wilson for orders, and if Major-General Schofield for orders. Keep the roads well picketed to the front, and obstruct the enemy's approach to Spring Hill, should that be his intention, keeping General Schofield well advised of the enemy's movements.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Hurt's Cross-Roads, November 29, 1864 - 3 a. m.

Brigadier General J. H. HAMMOND,

Commanding First Brigade, Seventh Division, Cavalry Corps:

Join me on this pike at the Ridge Meeting-House or Mount Carmel. Move with rapidity.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

---------------

*See Schofield to Thomas, 6 p. m. 28th, p. 1108.

---------------

