HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,November 29, 1864.

Brigadier General J. H. HAMMOND,

Commanding First Brigade, Seventh Division:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to order you, if this reaches you before you leave Franklin, to keep up on the north bank of the Harpeth River, marching toward Triune until you meet me. If you have passed Franklin, picket well up the Franklin and Lewisburg pike, cross the Harpeth above Franklin, and join me.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

FRANKLIN, November 29, 1864 - 7.30 a. m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Columbia:

GENERAL: Your order of yesterday to go to Spring Hill this moment received. Am in communication with General Wilson. He orders me this morning to come quickly to Ridge Meeting-House on the Lewisburg pike, fourteen miles from here. My ammunition had no caps, and I am now stripping musket ammunition to get 10,000 Captain and have sent post back where there are more in wagons. Will join General Wilson according to the latest order at the church - say at 10 a.m . Am leaving teams and all impediments behind. Can put 900 men in line, 600 carbines, and 300 pistols and sabers. Men very green, but in good heart.

I am, general, with great respect, your obedient servant,

J. H. HAMMOND,

Brigadier-General.

FRANKLIN, November 29, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

Delayed here an hour and a half stripping musket cartridges to get caps. The Maynard ammunition had none. Will join General Wilson ten miles from here, on Lewisburg pike, at 10.15 this morning. Can put 1,000 me in line.

J. H. HAMMOND,

Brigadier-General.

FRANKLIN, November 29, 1864 - 8 a. m.

Major-General WILSON,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: My command on the road. No caps to my Maynard ammunition. Am stripping musket cartridges here now to enable my men to shoot. I delay for this only, and will leave everything behind, at meeting-house, and later at Mount Carmel Just received an order from General Schofield to go to Spring Hill; but your order being the latest, I obey it. I have notified him to that effect.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. HAMMOND,

Brigadier-General.

