
This can be done by thoroughly patrolling the country in your front. Have frequent roll-calls during the day, to compel the presence of your men in camp. Arrest all officers found neglecting their duty, and punish with the utmost severity disobedience of orders or neglect of duty on the part of any of your men. Take the best possible care of your horses, and compel your officers to see that they are well groomed, properly watered, and fed.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWELFTH TENNESSEE CAVALRY, Spring Hill, November 29, 1864.

General SCHOFIELD:

Three companies been left on picket between Huly [Hurt's?] Cross-Roads and Rolough [Rally?] Hill; wee attacked, and they retreated to this place, reporting Buford's division of cavalry marching on this place to attack the wagon trains between here and Columbia. I [have] only a small force, 200 or regiment; all the rest is on courier-line.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,CHAS. C. HOEFLING,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Communication between here and cavalry headquarters is cut off.

C. C. H.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH CORPS, Two and a half Miles of Spring Hill.

Opened and read by General Stanley. The head of Second Division, Fourth Corps, now here; will soon be in Spring Hill.

Indorsed as above by direction of Major-General Stanley:

J. S. FULLERTON,Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, November 29, 1864.

Major-General ROUSSEAU,

Murfreesborough:

What news have you from your different posts along the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad? General Schofield will fall back to Franklin to-day, Hood having succeeded in throwing a force across Duck River yesterday above Columbia.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

MURFREESBOROUGH, November 29, 1864-12 m.

Major-General THOMAS:

All quiet along the line of railroad below this, except that last night the woodpile was burned south of Christiana, and a short break in the road. Trains just in from Tullahoma report the road all right; have repaired the break, and that the Fourth Michigan arrived

