HDQRS. DEFENSES NASHVILLE AND CHATTANOOGA R. R., Tullahoma, November 29, 1864.

Major JOHN F. ARMSTRONG,Commanding Detachment Fifth Tennessee Volunteer Cavalry:

MAJOR: Information has been received which makes it necessary for you to return to this post. You will therefore proceed to this post without delay with all of your command.

By command of Major-General Milroy:

JNO. O. CRAVENS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, November 29, 1864-10.30 a.m.

Major-General STEEDMAN,

Chattanooga:

You will have to be careful how you use the railroad now or the enemy will get your trains. General Granger sent a train to Huntsville yesterday, and it was captured. If you find upon reaching Stevenson that there is risk, give up that expedition and proceed to put the other into execution-that is, take up a position at Cowan to threaten the enemy's rear, should he come over to the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad. Answer immediately.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

CHATTANOOGA, November 29, 1864-11.30 a.m. [Received 2.35 p.m.]

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE:

Will move for Stevenson by railroad at 3 p.m., with my whole command, and await further instructions at that point from the major-general commanding. Have arranged to convey my cavalry to Decatur with transports, convoyed by gun-boats, and to use the transports to cross my troops instead of pontoon. If the telegraph should be interrupted when I reach Stevenson, I will move on the instructions I have.

JAS. B. STEEDMAN,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, November 29, 1864.

Major-General STEEDMAN,

Stevenson:

Your dispatch of 11.30 a.m. to-day received. Concentrate your troops at Cowan, as previously directed, and if the enemy moves over to the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad act according to instructions given in my telegram of the 25th. When General Smith arrives, and we begin to push the enemy back, you can then proceed to execute the Tuscumbia expedition.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

