
NASHVILLE, November 29, 1864-11.30 p.m.

Major-General STEEDMAN, Cowan:

I have directed that the garrison at Elk River bridge remain to defend the bridge, and I desire you to support it; put yourself in communication with the commanding officer, who I have directed to report to you. Send your first train unloaded to Tullahoma for General Milroy's sick, &amp;c., to come to Nashville, and one of the south-bound trains will replace it.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

CHATTANOOGA, November 29, 1864.

General WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Steamer Chattanooga arrived to-day from Decatur, loaded with stores. She has artillery on board, and Captain Naylor says he understands that it should have been left at Caperton's Ferry, below Bridgeport. I have no orders. Sent General Stoneman rations to-day; will send him forage and quartermaster's stores to-morrow.

A. J. MACKAY,

Lieutenant Colonel and Chief Quartermaster, Dept.of the Cumberland.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF THE ETOWAH,No. 52. Chattanooga, November 29, 1864.

Colonel Palmer, commanding Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, having clearly represented to the general commanding the District of the Etowah not only the inutility but the disadvantage to his men and horses of his proceeding by a night march to Bridgeport, and the impossibility of its being otherwise than a night march, owing to his not having received his orders this day until 4 p.m., these orders are so far modified by the general commanding the district as to authorize Colonel Palmer to remain with his command in camp until daybreak, when he will proceed to Bridgeport, and there embark, with all dispatch, on board the transports in waiting, for Decatur, in accordance with the orders of Major-General Steedman.

By order of Brigadier-General Meagher:

HENRY A. FORD,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

DECHERD, November 29, 1864.

Major-General STEEDMAN:

I am informed by General Milroy, at Tullahoma, that the post is to be abandoned, and I am ordered by him to withdraw garrison from Estill Springs to Elk River and report to you.

W. WARNER,

Colonel 180th Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Commanding Post.

