
JOHNSONVILLE, November 29, 1864.

Major General G. H. THOMAS:

The following dispatch just received:

KINGSTON SPRINGS, November 28, 1864.

Colonel C. R. THOMPSON:

Captain Everett telegraphs from Newson's that he has information that four rebel Tennessee cavalry regiments of Forrest's command have crossed Duck River in the vicinity of Williamsborough. He had a skirmish with about forty of the Eleventh Tennessee rebel cavalry at Smith's Springs, on South Harpeth. Let me know it you wish me to move.

W. R. SELLON,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

C. R. THOMPSON,

Colonel.

NASHVILLE, November 29, 1864.

Colonel C. R. THOMPSON,

Johnsonville:

Move all stores and trains to Nashville during the day that you possibly can, and prepare your command for march to Fort Donelson or Clarksville, as the case may be, and of which you will receive further orders. Should communication be broken by telegraph you will move your command to Fort Donelson, but do not consider this an order to go at once, nor until everything that can be moved is sent off, unless it should become actually necessary to move hastily, of which there is no prospect now. Answer and report.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

JOHNSONVILLE, November 29, 1864-7.25 a.m.

Major General G. H. THOMAS:

Your telegram received. Will ship everything possible. If the four regiments of Tennessee Cavalry strike the road, the train guard is not sufficient to save the train. I send all the extra guard I can spare. Shall I order the One hundredth Regiment to send 100 men? They can spare them. The paymaster goes on train to-day. Have you any orders for the Twelfth and One hundredth? They are at the east end of the road.

C. R. THOMPSON.

JOHNSONVILLE, November 29, 1864.

Major General G. H. THOMAS:

General Donaldson telegraphs, by your order, to have wagon train sent to Nashville, with guard, to be furnished [by] me. Your orders to me are different. I will take train with me to Donelson, in case I move, unless I have further orders. Please inform me.

C. R. THOMPSON,

Colonel, Commanding.

