
KNOXVILLE, November 29, 1864-9 p.m.

Major-General THOMAS:

Information which I consider perfectly reliable places it beyond a doubt that Breckinridge, with his whole mounted force, was last night at Morristown. I will have him out of Tennessee in less than a week.

GEORGE STONEMAN,

Major-General.

LEXINGTON, KY., November 29, 1864-5 p.m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Major-General Burbridge has concentrated at Cumberland Gap all the available force in Kentucky. I cannot detach any additional colored regiments for the Army of the James. He felt compelled to retain one of the regiments previously ordered there. Recruiting has been slow since I left here, owing to the necessity of concentrating troops to meet Breckinridge, and detachments could not, therefore, be sent through the country to gather up the rebel districts; they are coming rapidly to the colored troops at Cumberland Gap. Breckinridge is at Morristown, and will probably fall back, as he cannot enter Kentucky through Cumberland Gap; if he does not, Burbridge will strike for Bull's Gap and attack him in the rear while Stoneman attacks him in the front. Gillem joins Burbridge with a division. If Breckinridge retires Burbridge will attempt to intercept him at Rogersville. Captain Dickson, assistant adjutant-general, is overworked and sadly in need of an assistant.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

LEXINGTON, KY., November 29, 1864-5.20 p.m.

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

There is an impression in Kentucky that General Burbridge is going to be relieved of his command, and a number of prominent citizens have called upon me and represented that of all the commanders that have been here he is the most acceptable to the Union people. Southern sympathizers, against whom he has always acted rigorously, desire the change, and would rejoice in it as a triumph. I sincerely hope that no change will be made.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MILITARY DIST. OF KENTUCKY,No. 76. Lexington, Ky., November 29, 1864.

*			*			*			*			*

X. The First Battalion, Sixth U. S. Colored Cavalry, is hereby assigned to the First Division, Military District of Kentucky. The commanding officer will report for orders to Brigadier General N. C. McLean, commanding First Division.

