
XI. Colonel T. D. Sedgewick, One hundred and fourteenth U. S. Colored Cavalry, is relieved from duty at Camp Nelson, Ky., and will take command of his regiment at Louisa, Ky., without delay.

By command of Brevet Major-General Burbridge:

J. BATES DICKSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION,

No. 23. MILITARY DISTRICT OF KENTUCKY,

Lexington, Ky., November 29, 1864.

The following officers will be obeyed and respected as members of the staff of the brigadier-general commanding, and are announced as such from this date: First Lieutenant and Adjt. James M. Watts, Forty-sixth Indiana Veteran Infantry, aide-de-camp; First Lieutenant Thomas A. Howes, Forty-sixth Indiana Veteran Infantry, acting assistant adjutant-general.

By command of Brigadier General N. C. McLean:

J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CUMBERLAND GAP, November 29, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

A large number of colored women and children have accumulated at Camp Nelson. Many of them are the wives and children of our colored soldiers. There will be much suffering among them this winter, unless shelters are built and rations issued to them. For the sake of humanity, I hope you will issue the proper order in this case as soon as possible.

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brevet Major-General.

FRANKFORT, KY., November 29, 1864.

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: Yesterday morning I arrived here and immediately had an interview with Governor Bramlette. He thinks there is a conspiracy to drive him into an attitude of apparent hostility to U. S. authorities, so as to justify the military commander in seizing the reins of civil government in his State. He says General Burbridge is the tool of these conspirators-has furnished no proofs as yet, but thinks he can very soon. After examining the records of State adjutant-general's office, I have directed copies to be made of such papers as I consider material, and that the information required by paragraph II of my instructions be furnished. Adjutant-General Thomas went to Lexington yesterday to remain a short time, and I think best to join him there in order to get all possible information relative to colored troops; will remain there two or three days at Phoenix Hotel. General Burbridge is at Cumberland Gap. Shall I attempt to reach him there or await his return, or be content which such information as I can gather without consulting him?

Address after 1st of December, Capital Hotel, Frankfort.

With very great respect, your most obedient servant,

E. H. LUDINGTON,

Assistant Inspector-General, U. S. Army.

