
me yesterday that Breckinridge was at Morristown with a force by no means formidable, and he feels confident that Breckinridge cannot get much the start of him, should he attempt any movement.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, TENN., November 30, 1864-11.30 p.m. [Received 3.40 a.m. December 1.]

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

I forward you the following dispatch, containing good news, from General Schofield, at Franklin:

FRANKLIN, November 30, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

The enemy made a heavy and persistent attack about two corps, commencing at 4 p.m. and lasting until after dark. He was repulsed at all points, with very heavy loss, probably 5,000 or 6,000 men. Our loss is probably not more than one-tenth that number. We have captured about 1,000 men, including one brigadier-general. Your dispatch of this p.m. is received. I had already given the orders you direct, and am now executing them.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

This afternoon I gave the order to General Steedman, who was at Cowan with 5,000 men, to embark on railroad cars, and come to Nashville immediately; I presume he will be here by to-morrow morning. Major-General Smith's last division will reach here to-night, and I am in hopes now to be able to manage Hood, notwithstanding his great superiority in the number of his cavalry.

GEO. H. THOMAS.

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, November 30, 1864-3 p.m.

Admiral S. P. LEE,

Mound City:

As soon as the iron-clads return to Paducah please order them into the Cumberland to patrol that river and convoy transports up and down. Hood, at present, has a cavalry force so much larger than mine that I have been compelled to fall back and concentrate on Nashville; but as soon as I can get my cavalry back from Louisville I feel confident I can drive him back.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Nashville, Tenn., November 30, 1864.

Colonel J. C. CRANE, Major WENTZ, and Others:

SIR: I am directed by the major-general commanding, in reply to your inquiries, to say, that it is his desire that the men of the railroad department shall only be employed in constructing fortifications about

