
the city, and not that they be armed and equipped. You will therefore put into their hands entrenching tools for the purpose named, and they should be properly organized, so as to work more efficiently and to the best advantage. You will direct the officers in command of the organization to report to Brigadier-General Tower, inspector of fortifications, for duty.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., November 30, 1864-9.30 p.m.

Major T. T. ECKERT:

General A. J. Smith has arrived, and nearly all his forces. Tullahoma is evacuated, and the telegraph offices there and north to Murfreesborough closed. Schofield still holding Franklin, but hard pressed by Hood. Until 8 p.m. we repulsed all attacks, and now the firing has closed. Forrest threatens Nashville, but can only threaten. Telegraph still works to Chattanooga, Dalton, and Knoxville, even. Nashville rebels jubilant and Jews frightened. Quartermaster's men, Veteran Reserves, fellows convalescent, and darkeys under arms and busy on earth-works.

J. C. VAN DUZER.

NASHVILLE, November 30, 1864-4 a.m.

Captain W. J. TWINING,

Aide-de-Camp, Chief Engineer, Army of the Ohio:

Your dispatch of 1 a.m. to-day is received. Please inform General Schofield that Major-General Smith's troops have just arrived at the levee and are still on boats, and that it is impossible for them to reach Franklin to-day. He must make strong efforts to cover his wagon train, protecting it against the enemy, and as well to reach Franklin with his command and get into position there. I will dispatch him further in a few hours.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

FRANKLIN, November 30, 1864-5 a.m.

Major-General THOMAS:

Have just seen your dispatch to Captain Twining of 4 a.m. If Smith is not needed for the immediate defense of Nashville, I think he had better march for Franklin at once. He could at least cover my wagon train, if I have to fall back from here.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

