
far inferior to him in both infantry and cavalry. The slightest mistake on my part, or failure of a subordinate, during the last three days might have proved disastrous. I don't want to get into so tight a place again; yet, I will cheerfully act in accordance with your views of expediency, if you think it important to hold Hood back, as long as possible. When you get all your troops together and the cavalry in effective condition, we can whip Hood easily, and, I believe, make the campaign a decisive one; before that, the most we can do is to husband our strength and increase it as much as possible. I fear the troops which were stationed on the river below Columbia will be lost. I will get my trains out of the way as soon as possible, and watch Hood carefully. Possibly I may be able to hold him here, but do not expect to be able to do so long.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, November 30, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Franklin:

General Smith reported to me this morning that one division of his troops is still behind. We must therefore try to hold Hood where he now is until those troops can get up, and the steamers return; after that we will concentrate here, reorganize our cavalry, and try Hood again. Do you think you can hold Hood at Franklin for three days longer? Answer, giving your views, and I should like to know what Wilson thinks he can do to aid you in holding Hood.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

FRANKLIN, November 30, 1864-3 p.m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Nashville:

I have just received your dispatch asking whether I can hold Hood here three days. I do not believe I can. I can doubtless hold him one day, but will hazard something in doing that. He now has a large force, probably two corps, in my front, and seems prepared* to cross the river above and below. I think he can effect a crossing to-morrow, in spite of all my efforts, and probably to-night, if he attempts it. A worse position than this for an inferior force could hardly be found. I will refer your question to General Wilson this evening; I think he can do very little. I have no doubt Forrest will be in my rear to-morrow, or doing some greater mischief. If A. J. Smith's division and the Murfreesborough garrison join me there, I ought to be able to hold Hood in check for some time. I have just learned that the enemy's cavalry is already crossing three miles below.* I will lively times with my trains again.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

---------------

*So recorded in Schofield's telegrams-sent book, but in Thomas' telegrams-received book these words are "preparing" and "above."

---------------

