HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, North side Harpeth River, November 30, 1864-3.10 p.m.

COMMANDING OFFICER,Franklin, Tenn.:

COLONEL: You will send the detachment of cavalry now on duty at Franklin, and under your orders, to report to these headquarters for duty immediately.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, Franklin, November 30, 1864-12.50 p.m.

Major-General STANLEY,Commanding Fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs me to inform you that the enemy is pushing General Croxton's cavalry, either up the river on this side or across the river. The general desires General Wood to look out for the trains.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Franklin, Tenn., November 30, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel HAYES,Chief Quartermaster:

Start all your trains, except ammunition, headquarters, and ambulances, to Nashville immediately. General Wood will send a regiment with you as guard. Report to general Thomas on arrival there for orders where to park.

By command of Major-General Stanley:

W. H. SINCLAIR,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS. HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,

Franklin, Tenn., November 30, 1864-7.15 p.m.

The following is a copy of Major-General Schofield's order for withdrawal to-night:

The troops will be withdrawn from the south bank of the river to-night as follows: The lines will be drawn back from the right and left simultaneously at midnight. Troops from the left will pass by the railroad bridge, and those from the right by the foot bridge. The troops will take the Nashville pike, [and,] unless otherwise ordered, will march to Brentwood. The pickets of the whole line will be withdrawn simultaneously soon after the rear of the column has crossed the river. Lieutenant-Colonel Hartsuff will indicate to the picket officers of the divisions the time of withdrawal. General Wood will cover the crossing and act as rear guard. The strictest silence must be preserved during the movement. Fires must not be permitted.

General Kimball will withdraw by his right flank, followed by General Wagner. As soon as General Kimball has crossed the river he will move at once on Brentwood.

By order of Major-General Stanley:

W. H. SINCLAIR,

Major and Assistant-General.

