
by Lieutenant Colonel Samuel E. Taylor, is armed with the Springfield rifled musket, model 1861, caliber .58. Lieutenant-Colonel Taylor reports 384 men present for duty, 384 stand of arms, 9,000 rounds of ammunition, in good order. The men are well clothed and the arms and accouterments are generally in good condition. The health and efficiency of the regiment is good. The Twenty-first Missouri Infantry Volunteers is commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Edwin Moore, is armed with the Springfield rifled musket, model 1861, caliber .58. The arms and accouterments are in good order. Lieutenant-Colonel Moore reports 450 men present for duty, 465 stand of arms, and 18,000 rounds of ammunition, in good order. The health and general sanitary condition is good. The efficiency of the regiment is good. The Eighty-ninth Indiana Infantry Volunteers is commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Hervey Craven, is armed with the long Enfield rifled musket, caliber .58. The arms and accouterments are in good condition. Lieutenant-Colonel Craven reports 464 men present for duty, 410 stand of arms, and 16,350 rounds of ammunition, in good order. The health and general sanitary condition of the regiment is good. The efficiency of the regiment is good. The One hundred and twenty-second Illinois Infantry Volunteers is commanded by Lieutenant Colonel James F. Drish, is armed with the Springfield rifled musket, model 1861, caliber .58. The arms and accouterments are in good order. Lieutenant-Colonel Drish reports 388 men present for duty, 364 stand of arms, 13,800 rounds of ammunition, in good order. The health is generally good, and the efficiency of the regiment is good. The Ninth Battery Indiana Volunteers is commanded by Second Lieutenant Samuel G. Calfee, is armed with two 3-inch rifled guns and two 12-pounder bronze guns [light], in good order. Lieutenant Calfee reports 90 men present for duty, 660 rounds of ammunition, in good order. The horses and mules of the battery are in a fair condition, having drawn some new ones since last report. The health and general sanitary condition of the men is good. The efficiency of the battery is good. The adjutant's department of each regiment and that of the brigade is in good condition. The books are generally complete, and orders properly filed. The quartermaster's department of the regiments, battery, and that of the brigade is in a fair condition, though they are somewhat behind with their reports and returns on account of being on the march for some time past; but every effort is being made to make them out. The books are generally well kept.

I have the honor to be, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALONZO CONVERSE,

First-Lieutenant, Thirty-second Iowa Infantry Volunteers, and Acting Assistant Inspector-General, First Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Nashville, Tenn., November 30, 1864.

Commanding OFFICER 2nd Brigadier, 3rd DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS:

COLONEL: You will immediately disembark the land transportation and stock of your command. The troops must be ashore at daylight, and be in readiness to move to camp west of the city.

By order of Colonel D. Moore:

JAS. B. COMSTOCK,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

