
order is issued, I will use all possible dispatch in getting them transported to Nashville. As soon as they are under way, I will report to you in person. I have this morning received a dispatch from Lieutenant-Colonel Benteen, commanding the detachment of the brigade in Missouri. He has just arrived in Saint Louis, where he has orders to refit and embark for Nashville. I have sent him word to telegraph me the day he will be ready to leave Saint Louis, and I will endeavor to have the detachments from here and from Saint Louis meet at Cairo and proceed to Nashville together.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General.

CIRCULAR. HDQRS. CAV. CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS., Two Miles

and a Half East of Franklin, November 30, 1864-9 p.m.

The Cavalry Corps will move at daylight to-morrow morning toward Brentwood. The pickets will be withdrawn just before it is daylight and join their respective commands. Croxton's brigade will move parallel to the Columbia and Nashville pike, keeping up connection with the infantry rear guard; Hatch's division [Fifth] and Harrison's brigade by the road between the Brentwood and Franklin pikes, Hatch's division covering the rear; Hammond's brigade by the Brentwood pike; all delaying the enemy, if pursued, as much as possible. Corps headquarters will be during the day on the road pursued by the Fifth and Sixth Divisions. Division and brigade commanders will see that the march is conducted in an orderly manner, and will communicate promptly all information obtained of movements of the enemy.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

JOHN N. ANDREWS,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DETACHMENT TENTH TENNESSEE CAVALRY, Seven Miles from Nolensville, November 30, 1864.

General WILSON:

I learn from reliable authority that several squads of rebels were in this neighborhood last night-in all, about twenty-five men; also that a regiment of cavalry crossed this road yesterday going toward Murfreesborough. The latter report I am not prepared to believe.

Respectfully,JOHN A. DAVIS,

Captain, Commanding Detachment Tenth Tennessee Cavalry.

HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Two Miles East of Franklin, November 30, 1864.

Brigadier General R. W. JOHNSON:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that you send the Fifth Iowa Cavalry, to proceed by the north bank of the river, to the right of infantry line, and picket from that line well down the river-pickets of observation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. N. ANDREWS,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

