HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SIXTH DIV., CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, In the Field, November 30, 1864.

Captain E. T. WELLS,Assistant Adjutant-General, Sixth Division, Cavalry Corps:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to say, in explanation of my memorandum report made this morning, that to the best of my recollection, in the absence of books and papers, the present for duty in last report was 1,198; deduct Fifth Iowa, 490, and we have 708, the present for duty of the First Brigade with its present regiments; from this amount should be deducted the dismounted men and those with unserviceable horses sent back to Nashville, some 215 or 220, also the killed, wounded, and missing, which amounts to about 50. The brigade drew rations last night for about 580 men; this includes men on daily and extra duty, while my report of this a.m. embraces only those present with the command mounted and ready to move into line of battle. In regard to my dismounted men mounting from the country, permit me to say that I might have kept my command mounted had I not heretofore received most positive orders not to seize horses. As soon as I arrived at Pulaski, the fore part of this month, General Stanley gave me most positive orders in this respect, and said that the orders in force in Georgia could not extend to Tennessee. I would also say, captain, in regard to the dismounting of so many of my command, that it is attributed in a great measure to the absence of so many of the officers, particularly proper commanding officers of the different regiments, especially in the Fourteenth Illinois and Eighth Michigan Cavalry, to which fact I have repeatedly called the attention of General Schofield and other commanding officers. An investigation of the matter will show these facts to be as stated, which I most respectfully ask. When the command can get to their books and papers, I will make a regular detailed report, which will account for the difference as per this morning's report.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HORACE CAPRON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

PETERSBURG, [TENN.,] November 30, 1864-1.15 a.m.

Major-General WILSON,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: Have been here a few minutes. The road is horrible, rocky and muddle. I have questioned citizens on the road and here. I can learn nothing of any Confederate or Federal force in this direction. A Doctor Pascal heard of eight of our men being on the Shelbyville and Triune pike yesterday. On Sunday seven rebels, looking like deserters, went up the Nolensville pike toward Franklin. Some of our soldiers were seen near Davis' Mills yesterday. The closest examination from high ground fails to show any glare on the sky, or smoke, such as even the smallest camp would cause. None of our men have been seen on this road. This point is three miles from Triune; six miles from Davis' Mills [good ford there]; seven miles from Peytonsville; ten miles from Franklin; from the nearest point on Harpeth River, one mile and a half. The river can be forded anywhere, save immediately above the mill-dams. Triune is about four miles and a

