
half from Harpeth River. There is abundant forage in the country. I will select a good position and picket the river strongly, and keep watch until I hear from you.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. HAMMOND,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Two Miles East of Franklin, November 30, 1864-5.30 a.m.

Brigadier General J. H. HAMMOND,Commanding First Brigade, Seventh Division:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of 1.30 a.m. is received. Keep your command well in hand. A few men for observation on the main road will subserve every purpose. Report promptly everything of importance. I cannot hear from Schofield. The rebel cavalry is probably yet in the direction of Mount Carmel. Should you be attacked, delay the enemy all you can and notify me promptly.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding Cavalry Corps.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Two Miles and a Half from Franklin, November 30, 1864-7 a.m.

Brigadier General J. H. HAMMOND,Triune:

Fall back to within four miles of this place, on the Wilson pike, about Doctor Crockett's. When you arrive thee report to me by an officer for further instructions.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

NEAR TRIUNE, November 30, 1864.

General WILSON:

The Sixth Illinois Cavalry turns up, and the captain [Glass] having been to Shelbyville, can tell you all that is going on there and south of Triune. I will occupy the river-bank at once and hold on, gathering what information I can through the country. I construe your instructions to allow me to scout beyond the river. I sent a dispatch from Petersburg at 1.30 o'clock. Nothing of any account in it save distances. I find a large number of cross-roads to the river all along this road, so that Triune can easily be turned on the west side. I think if you send me dispatches that the Brentwood pike coming in at Petersburg is safer than the road I have come.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. HAMMOND,

Brigadier-General.

