HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Two Miles and a Half East of Franklin, November 30, 1864-3.15 p.m.

Brigadier General J. H. HAMMOND,Commanding, on Wilson Pike:

GENERAL: The enemy's cavalry are crossing the river in your front at Henderson's Ford. Be careful. Keep your command well in hand, and if pressed, move back on that pike, communicating frequently with me on the road between you and the Franklin pike.

Very respectfully,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE, Wilson's Mill, November 30, 1864-6.25 p.m.

Major-General WILSON,Commanding Corps:

GENERAL: I am three-quarters of a mile south of Wilson's Mill, across the Brentwood pike. Pursuant to your order, I will form my line across the pike and will face southwest. I had my line on Harpeth River, four miles and a half south of Triune. When your order to go to Doctor Crockett's was received, I marched at once, and twenty miles soon brought me into the Wilson pike, about two miles from this house. I could hear of small parties of rebels, possibly patrols or press gangs, but no force; nor is there among the people any sign of the presence of a rebel force. I found pickets belonging to the Tenth Tennessee, two miles below Nolensville, at Patten's house. They said their regiment had just been transferred and didn't know their brigade or division. The country is exceedingly rough and rocky between Nolensville and Wilson's pike, but passable for anything save loaded wagons. I thought I heard firing at Davis' Ford this morning, but know now that it was at Franklin. The country people all think Franklin taken. I sent to you at 3 p.m., but the messenger, after a vain search, has returned. There is a good road, which starts at Doctor Owen's house, close to Wilson's Mill, and opens in the Nashville and Franklin pike three miles from Franklin, at Squire Mackey's house. You had better communicate with me over that road, and I will be found at or near Wilson's Mill for orders. The country clear back to the Nashville pike and up to Brentwood is quite open, and not good for defense. I will impede the enemy all I can, and if I get no further orders, will keep well on their flank and to the east of the pie. I anticipate danger entirely on my right, toward Franklin. Have feed on hand, and horses tired, but good for service.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. HAMMOND,

Brevet Brigadier-General.

HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Two Miles and a Half East of Franklin, November 30, 1864-8.45 p.m.

Brigadier General J. H. HAMMOND,

Commanding Brigade, Seventh Division, Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: We have had a glorious day. Have driven the enemy across the river at every point. Hood assaulted the infantry at Franklin seven different times-repulsed with terrible slaughter and loss of

