
many prisoners. Hatch and Croxton made a beautiful fight at the same time, driving the enemy's cavalry across the river with great gallantry. We shall withdraw to Brentwood to-morrow at daylight. You were ordered at 7 a.m. to withdraw from Triune to the Brentwood pike and stop at Doctor Crockett's, or Wilson's, about four miles from here. I have heard nothing from lyou since the first report from you at Petersburg. Should my orders not have reached you, and this finds you in the neighborhood of Triune, move at once to the point indicated on the Brentwood pike, so as to begin retiring from there slowly soon after daylight. Communicated often with me, and if pressed by the enemy, hold on as well as possible without endangering your command.

Very respectfully,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. DISMOUNTED CAV., DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, Nashville, November 30, 1864.

Major E. B. BEAUMONT,Asst. Adjt. General, Cavalry Corps, Mil. Div. of the Mississippi:

MAJOR: I have posted mounted pickets on Lebanon pike, 16 mounted men; Chicken road, 16; Murfreesborough pike,20; Nolensville pike, 10; between Nolensville and Murfreesborough pikes, on by-road, 10 mounted men. On ridge behind stables have posted Eighteenth Indiana Battery, supported by Major Green's battalion, 300 men; on his left, reaching to the Lebanon pike, have posted Major Smith with 450 men. On Cemetery Hill have posted First Illinois Battery, supported by Lieutenant Colonel [William T. Pepper,] Thirteenth Indiana, 450 men; on his right Lieutenant-Colonel Lynch with dismounted men of Fifth Division [700], reaching to the Murfreesborough pike. The Chicago Battery has been posted on first hill behind the bayou bridge on right of Lebanon pike. All the camps and baggage have been moved behind the bayou. The arms have just been received and are now being issued. As soon as the men are supplied they will be marched to the line, when I shall throw out [as directed] a strong line of skirmishers. The troops will pass the night under arms on the line, batteries harnessed, &amp;c., having after forming my line a reserve force of 300 armed men, mounted and dismounted, with which I can re-enforce the weak points in the line. We have all the officers needed at present to organize the troops. Pickets on the roads are out from three to four miles from the city. If anything happens will communicate with headquarters Cavalry Corps without delay, and try to keep the troops in the position assigned them until the general gets here.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

GEO. G. MINER,

Lieutenant Colonel Seventh Ohio Vol. Cavalry, Commanding Cavalry Depot.

NASHVILLE, November 30, 1864-4 a.m.

Major-General ROUSSEAU,

Murfreesborough:

You will give the necessary orders for General Milroy to move his command to Murfreesborough, via Wartrace, as you suggest.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

75 R R-VO XLV, PT I

