
MURFREESBOROUGH, November 30, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

General Milroy's artillery is on the way here. His troops were ordered to fall in, and by this are on the way. He will himself wait for the troops from Manchester, put them on a train coming north at this hour [as they will be tired] as train guard, and after loading a good deal of military stuff will join his command. The troops from Shelbyville are ordered to join him at Wartrace. I have directed him to march by way of Wartrace. Have you any further news for me? Rebels here believe Hood will not attack Nashville, but flank it and go on north.

LOVELL H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.

MURFREESBOROUGH, November 30, 1864-12.30 p.m.

Major-General THOMAS:

General Milroy's artillery, except the siege guns, is just arrived, and will be at once put in position; the ammunition, &amp;c., of siege guns brought off. The works are, as you know, very extensive here, and yet I find it so difficult what position shall not be occupied, that I have concluded to do my best to hold all. I am fixing up matters with that view, and feel satisfied with the condition of affairs under all the circumstances. I could use with advantage the Twenty-first Indiana Battery, just from Columbia, five guns, if you do not need the battery, and [if] any train should come this way I would like to have it. No news.

L. H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, November 30, 1864-3 p.m.

Major-General ROUSSEAU,

Murfreesborough:

I did not intend to send any more trains south until further orders. I feel confident you can hold Murfreesborough against any force Hood will be likely to send against you until we can get our cavalry ready; in about five days, I think.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

TULLAHOMA, November 30, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

Your dispatch received. Will try to get everything off as you direct. At what hour do you desire [me] to leave this place? I am desired to inquire whether any transportation can be obtained for the goods of sutlers and trade stores; if not, it will occasion numerous losses to any loyal men.

R. H. MILROY,

Major-General.

