
NASHVILLE, November 30, 1864-4 a.m.

Major-General MILROY,

Tullahoma:

I desire you to leave Tullahoma at no particular hour, but just as soon as you can get all your sick on board north-bound trains and have carried out my previous directions given you. Have you shipped your artillery yet, and have the commissary stores been loaded on south-bound trains for Chattanooga yet? They must be loaded just as soon as trains arrive. Don't permit your men to be stampeded, but have things done quietly, and no useless destruction of property of any kind.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

TULLAHOMA, November 30, 1864-9,20 a.m.

Major-General THOMAS:

Your dispatch received. My artillery and ordnance stores left on train north at 8 a.m., by previous orders. My sick were loaded on south-bound train for Chattanooga. I am having engine moved, and the train will start north in a few minutes. I have started my column. The garrisons from McMinnville and Manchester have not yet come in, but will be here in about an hour. I will put the infantry portion of them on board the train coming up from Cowan, which train will take on board a large amount of surplus regimental baggage and ordnance left here, also prisoners. A portion of the Fifth Tennessee Cavalry, under Major Armstrong, have been out west on a scout for several days, but I am looking for them in soon, when they will come on with me or after me.

R. H. MILROY.

My subsistence stores are loaded and will start soon.

R. H. MILROY,

Major-General.

MURFREESBOROUGH, November 30, 1864-1.30 a.m.

Major-General MILROY,

Tullahoma:

Certainly; have the camp equipage of the garrisons put in the cars. I will try and send six cars from here for ordnance and other stores, and if you can do so put on also sutler and merchants' goods. The loyal citizens should go over to General Steedman, at Cowan; it would also be a good place to send sutler and other goods. Yes should first put on your cars your garrison and camp equipage, then ordnance stores, and then sutler and other goods. I have asked leave for you to march by way of Wartrace; it was General Thomas' orders to go via Shelbyville.

LOVELL H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

