
ADDENDA.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, KANS., December 17, 1864.

Bvt. Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of the Tennessee:

My report of the battle of Franklin, November 30, 1864, was, from unavoidable circumstances, not written until the 25th of February ensuing. In the notice of the services of my staff on the day of battle I ommited mentioning the name of Captain John D. Moxley, First Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, one of my aides-de-camp. I take this opportunity, though late, to correct my report. Captain Moxley did his duty gallantly and well on that day, and was busy throughout the fight encouraging and rallying our troops.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. S. STANLEY,

Colonel Twenty-second Infantry, Brevet Major-General.

Numbers 10. Report of Brigadier General Thomas J. Wood, U. S. Army, commanding Fourth Army Corps, of operations October 26, 1864-January 5, 1865.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Huntsville, Ala., January 10, 1864.

GENERAL: In pursuance with orders received from the headquarters Department of the Cumberland to report the operations of the corps from the time it was detached from the main army of the Military Division of the Mississippi, in the latter part of October, to its arrival at Nashville, on the 1st of December ultimo, I have the honor to submit the following:

During the evening of the 26th of October ultimo, in the vicinity of Gaylesville, Ala., and order was received from Major General W. T. Sherman, commanding the grand Military Division of the Mississippi, directing that the Fourth Corps should proceed to Chattanooga, and stating that the commanding officer of the corps would there receive instructions from Major-General Thomas, commanding the Department of the Cumberland, regulating its future movements. By rapid marches, though a portion of the road was exceedingly heavy from the recent rains, the corps reached Rossville, four mile from Chattanooga, during the afternoon of the 29th. Here it encamped for the night. During the night of the 29th an order was received by telegraph directing the corps to proceed by railway to Athens, Ala. Early the morning of the 30th the crops moved into Chattanooga to take the cars. So soon as the trains could be got ready the Third Division was embarked, and before noon all the sections transporting the division moved out of Chattanooga and proceeded to Athens, where it arrived on the morning of the 31st. The First Divison embarked the morning of the 1st of November and the Second Division as soon as the transportation could be obtained for it. The instructions from the commanding general were to concentrate the corps at Athens, with an intimation that it would have to march thence to Pulaski, but not to proceed to the latter without a special order to that effect, unless it should be learned satisfactorily that the enemy had crossed the river and was moving on that place. The artillery and transportation of the corps were ordered

