
IV. Lieutenant Colonel C. J. Dickerson, commanding Provisional Camp, Fifteenth Army Corps, will forward all artillerists in his command to Cleveland, Tenn., by the first train thither. On arriving at the Chattanooga depot they will report to the officer in charge of the artillerists from Captain Murray's camp of detachments.

V. Captain E. D. Murray, commanding camps of Fourth and Twenty-third Army Corps detachments, will send all artillerists in his command ot Cleveland, Tenn., by the first train for that point. He will detail one commissioned officer to take charge of the party, who will, on arrival at Cleveland, report them to Colonel Horace Boughton, commanding post, and will return without delay.

VI. Captain William A. Naylor, commanding gun-boat Stone River, will proceed as soon as ready to Bridgeport, and cruise between that point and Larkin's Landing, until further orders. This present order to be considered by Captain Naylor subject to any order he may receive from Major-General Steedman.

*			*			*			*			*

VIII. Captain E. D. Murray, commanding Fourth and Twenty-third Army Corps detachments, having reported to these headquarters that there are a number of his detachment still unarmed, will proceed forthwith to arm and equip the whole remainder of his command so reported.

*			*			*			*			*

By order of Brigadier-General Meagher:

HENRY A. FORD,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. PROVISIONAL DIVISION, ARMY OF THE

No. 1. CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, Tenn., November 30, 1864.

I. Hereafter commanding officers of detachments will see that the men under their command attend roll-call three times each day and that they are drilled in squad and company drill not less than four hours each day.

II. *	*	* A consolidated morning report of each detachment will be sent to these headquarters every morning before 12 o'clock.

By command of Colonel C. J. Dilworth:

G. A. C. BARNETT,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

BRIDGEPORT, November 30, 1864.

Major-General STEEDMAN:

I arrived here at 1 p.m. The Third Battalion left Kelley's Ferry, on steam-boat Kennesaw, at 7 a.m. this morning, but has not yet arrived here; it is expected about 5 p.m. When do you expect me to reach you; and where should my forage and subsistence be unloaded from boat; and [will it] be sent up by railroad or carried in my wagons?

WM. J. PALMER,

Colonel Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

