
and the Nashville and Northwestern Railroad as far as section forty-two; could not gain information of any rebel force across Duck River, except the Seventh, Ninth, Tenth, and Eleventh [rebel] Tennessee Cavalry, or detachments of these regiments, of whose crossing I telegraphed Major Polk night before last, and does not thick any larger force has crossed between the points named; had a skirmish with a small force of the Eleventh Tennessee [rebel] Cavalry, and chased several surgeons, with their escort, but could not capture any. The citizens are perfectly quiet, and do not seem at all alarmed and are not afraid of conscription, as would be the case if they thought the rebels were coming. Rebel deserters had not been disturbed. My horses are very much jaded and need rest, but if you have any work for them let me know and I will try and have it done.

W. R. SELLON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Twelfth U. S. Colored Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Nashville, November 30, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel W. R. SELLON,Kingston Springs:

Have you sent the party to General Cooper, at Centerville, to order him to move his command at once for Clarksville? Is the One hundredth Colored beyond you on the railroad? You must draw that in with your regiment as soon as the last train from Johnsonville passes east. Answer, and say what you have done toward sending orders to General Cooper.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, November 30, 1864-7.30 p.m.

Lieutenant Colonel W. R. SELLON,

Kingston Springs:

I dispatched you this afternoon to march the One hundredth Regiment U. S. Colored Troops and your own regiment to Nashville as soon as the last trains coming this way had passed, taking up the garrisons in block-houses and at posts as you came on. I directed you to acknowledge receipt, and now wish to know why you have not done so. Answer immediately.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, November 30, 1864.

Major-General STONEMAN,

Knoxville:

The following just received.*

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

*See Grant to Halleck and Thomas, 11.30 a.m., p.1166.

---------------

