
KNOXVILLE, November 30, 1864-7 p.m.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE:

Your telegram of 12 m. just received. I cannot learn where Breckinridge is himself, but his force last night was at Morristown, and General Carter, provost-marshal-general, has gone to New Market, to have as interview, by authority of the War Department, with General Vaughn, of Breckinridge's command. A woman who came through B.'s lines last night says a rebel officer told her that Lee's forces had evacuated Richmond, and that their advance was at Dublin Station or New River. Burbridge is now at Bean's Station, and I have directed him to scout up toward Rogersville and Kingsport. Breckinridge will have a jolly time if he goes into Kentucky with the force he now has.

GEO. STONEMAN,

Major-General, &amp;c.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,

No. 99. Louisville, Ky., November 30, 1864.

The forts at Loudon, Tenn., will hereafter be designated as follows:

The fort on the hill, south side of the river, Fort Ammen, after Brigadier General J. Ammen, U. S. Volunteers.

The tete-de-pont, Fort De Hart, in memory of Captain H. V. De Hart, Fifth U. S. Artillery, killed in battle.

The fort adjoining the tete-de-pont, Fort Russell, in memory of Brigadier General D. A. Russell, major Eighth U. S. Infantry, killed in battle.

The fort on the north side of the river, Fort Davis, in memory of Colonel B. F. Davis, Eighth New York Cavalry, and captain First U. S. Cavalry, killed in battle.

By command of Major-General Stoneman:

G. M. BASCOM,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., November 30, 1864-7 p.m. [Via Cumberland Gap.]

Major-General BURBRIDGE:

The following dispatch just received from Nashville, Tenn.*

Have you any information which leads you to suppose there is any reliance to be placed in this report? Get your force well in hand at Bean's Station; take up a strong position in the Gap; scout well toward Rogersville and Kingsport and on to the fords in your front over the Holston River; establish strong courier-posts at Rutledge and Blain's Cross-Roads. There is a large infantry force at Strawberry Plains and a small cavalry force scouting from there up the river Holston. Look out that the enemy does not cross and get in between you and them; he was reported at Morristown and Bull's Gap last night. Keep me informed by your courier-line.

GEORGE STONEMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*See Grant to Halleck and Thomas, 11.30 a.m. p.1166.

---------------

