
the 23rd, the Third Brigade of the First Division, Colonel Waters, Eighty-fourth Illinois Volunteers, commanding, was left to cover the rear. This service was well performed. The afternoon of the 24th of November was spent by the Second and Third Division in throwing up strong entrenchments. The First Division, which had marched in rear of the train, arrived during the evening and went into position on the left of the corps. The Twenty-third Corps was in position on the right. Friday, the 25th, the work of entrenching was continued, and by night-fall a strong line of works was completed. An apprehension was raised at this time that the Twenty-third Corps, occupying the right of our entrenched position, would not be able to maintain its position against a decided assault. It was hence deemed expedient to construct an interior line of works north and west of the town; this line would have the advantage of being much shorter and of occupying much stronger ground than the exterior line, and of having its flanks reasing more securely on Duck River. For the construction of the interior line the First and Second Division of the Fourth Corps, and all of the Twenty-third Corps, less one brigade, were withdrawn from the interior line. The Third Division was left to hold in the exterior line, the entire former front of the corps, the remainder of the exterior line being held by a brigade of the Twenty-third Corps. During the night of the 25th of November the First and Second Divisions were actively employed in constructing the interior line, and the dawn of the 26th had it well advanced toward completion. Just before daylight ont he 26th the enemy made a decided assault on the pickets on and adjacent to the Pulaski road. As he had advanced in greatly superior number he succeeded in diving back the picket-line substantially resorted to its former position. It terminated in an affair of pickets, and would scarcely have deserved an official mention, as so many such affairs occur in an active campaign, were it not that we have to lament in connection with it the mortal wounding and subsequent death of Captain Green, Forty-ninth Ohio Volunteers, picket a part of the front of his brigade were driven back he rushed out, with all the gallantry and enthusiasm of his example succeed in driving back the enemy. While he was so engaged he received a wound in the abdomen, from which he died in twenty-four hours afterward. His gallant spirit winged its way to join the hosts of others that have preceded it, victims to their patriotic devotion to their country. No further effort was made by the enemy, so long as our forces occupied the southern bank of Duck River, to molest u.

During the 26th an intimation was communicated that the forces would evacuate Columbia and pass to the northern bank of the river that night, the movement to be commenced just after night-fall. Preparations were made accordingly, but just after dark instructions were distributed that the troops would remain in position, and that the evacuation would not take place till the following night, the 27th. Sunday, the 27th, was dark, dreary, and cheerless day. An occasional picket skirmish broke the dull monotony of the day. The transportation of the corps and its reserve artillery were passed to the north bank of the river during the day. At 5 p. m. the artillery was withdrawn from the exterior line and sent across the river. At 7 p. m. the infantry of the corps commenced to withdraw from the lines and prepare to cross the river. The Third Division led, followed by the

