
ized and supplied with provisions, how often they report, and whether under charge of a special officer. He desires that all independent scouts shall forthwith report to some responsible officer, and that all scouts operating in rear of front line of the army, cavalry included, shall at once report to their proper commands, as only regularly organized companies should be kept in rear of such lines to collect information and maintain order. They should be supplied with rations and forage in some legitimate way to prevent depredations on private property. The system of roving or independent scouts he regards as detrimental, and should be abandoned.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS BRIGADE,November 15, 1864.

[General W. H. JACKSON:]

GENERAL: My command is doing without forage. All the citizens have protection papers from General Hood, and none will sell. Very many of them can spare corn, and I could supply my brigade if permitted to impress in strict accordance with the laws and acts of Congress governing the same. Can you not procure such authority for me? My artillery horses are so feeble now that I do not think they can march farther with my command. Some of these citizens are not entitled to protection papers and could spare much more corn. Please let me know your action in the matter without delay.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. S. ROSS,

Brigadier-General.

SELMA, ALA., November 15, 1864.

Major General M. L. SMITH,

Macon, Ga.:

The following telegram for you has been received:

CORINTH, November 14, 1864.

Please order the two companies of engineer troops to report to me, one for Memphis and Charleston road and one for Mobile road, north of Corinth.

GEO. WHITFIELD.

E. S. BURFORD,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

TUSCUMBIA, November 15, 1864.

Major General HOWELL COBB,

Macon, Ga.:

Should guns be ordered from Macon for Corinth, send a part of them. The battery of light 12-pounder Napoleons I desire retained, subject to my orders.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

