HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE WEST,Tuscumbia, Ala., November 17, 1864.

General J. B. HOOD,

Commanding Army of Tennessee, &amp; c.:

GENERAL: General Beauregard directs me to say that he desires you will take the offensive at the earliest practicable moment and deal the enemy rapid and vigorous blows, striking him while thus dispersed, and by this means distract Sherman's advance into Georgia. To relieve you from any embarrassment whilst operating in North Alabama and Middle Tennessee, he authorizes you to issue all such orders in General Taylor's department as you may deem necessary to secure the efficient and successful administration and operation of your army, sending General Taylor, or whoever may be in command, copies of all orders. He wishes you to send forthwith to Major-General Wheeler one brigade of cavalry of Jackson's division, and the balance of that division as soon as it can be spared, should Sherman advance into Georgia, and also to advise General Wheeler that in such case Clanton's brigade is subject to his orders. The headquarters of this military division will be removed in the morning from this place to Montgomery, Ala.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Florence, Ala., November 17, 1864.

Colonel GEORGE WILLIAM BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hdqrs. Mil. Div. of the West:

I have just received your letter of this morning. Please inform General Beauregard that I will move at the earliest possible moment and will telegraph him when we start. Clanton is now subject to Wheeler's orders, and I will telegraph Wheeler to call his command to him and give it such orders as he thinks best in connection with the advance of Sherman into Georgia. In regard to the brigade of Jackson's division to be sent to Major-General Wheeler, I respectfully submit that at present so much time would be consumed by the journey that the usefulness of the brigade in this crisis would be lost to both sections, and unless the general should insist upon it, I would prefer to keep it for the present.

J. B. HOOD,

General.
HEADQUARTERS,Florence, Ala., November 17, 1864.

General BEAUREGARD,

Corinth, Miss.:

I have now seven days' rations on hand and need thirteen days' additional. Please use every effort to have these supplies pressed forward.

J. B. HOOD,

General.

