
First, then the Second. The pickets were ordered to remain in position for half an hour after the most advanced division, the Third, commenced to withdraw, then to retire quietly to the exterior line of works, where they were to remain till midnight, or later, should the passage of the troops over the river not warrant their crossing at that hour. The whole operation was accomplished as directed. The enemy did not attempt to interrupt the movement. After crossing the river the troops bivouacked till daylight. The passage of the river had been made about two miles below the town. After the passage was completed all the bridges were destroyed. Shortly after daylight of the 28th the corps moved up the river, and took position to prevent the passage the corps moved up the river, and took position to prevent the town. Entrenchments were at once thrown up; pickets and outposts were judiciously disposed to give an early intimation of the movements of the enemy. Near night-fall of the 28th these evidences were so far strengthened as to require immediate and vigorous action to prevent our being flanked and turned. A brigade, the Second of the Third Division, Colonel Post, Fifty-ninth Illinois, commanding, was ordered to make a reconnaissance eastward and up the river to watch the movements of the enemy, with instructions to report frequently during the day the result of his observations, and further, if the enemy after crossing should turn westward at once with a view of attacking our left flank in the position we then occupied, to hold him in check as long as possible by retreating slowly and contesting the ground stubbornly. Orders were also issued for the First and Second Division of the Fourth Corps, with all the baggage and other trains of the entire force present, and all the reserve artillery, to commence moving to the rear at 8 a. m. on the 29th. At the appointed hour the movement was begun; but to check any immediate movement of the enemy to the left after crossing the river the First Division was stopped on the hills on the south bank of Rutherford's Creek. This steam is an affluent of Duck River, and is crossed by the turnpike road to Franklin, about four miles north of Columbia. Frequent reports were received from Colonel Post during the day, which were duly reported to Major-General Schofield, commanding the forces present, showing that the enemy had crossed the river in force and was moving northward and parallel with the Columbia and Franklin pike, with trains, &amp;c. The Second Division of the Fourth corps moved up the Franklin pike as a convoy to the trains and reserve artillery of the forces, and arrived at Spring Hill, a small village but twelve miles north of Columbia, at 12.30 p. m. As the head of the division approached the village it was perceived that a regiment of infantry and one of cavalry, previously stationed in that vicinity, and which had deployed east of the road, were being forced back on the town. The First Brigade, Second Division, Colonel Opdycke, was immediately deployed into order of battle east of the road to check the enemy, which, as his force was cavalry, was easily done. So soon as this was done the division was disposed so as to cover the passage of the trains and the reserve artillery by the village. Opdycke's brigade was posted northward, with its left resting on the turnpike road, Colonel Lane's brigade was formed in the center, and Brigadier-General Bradley's brigade was formed on the right, with its right slightly refused, but not sufficiently to rest on the road. Skirmishing was kept up during the afternoon, without, however, serious

