
division will be followed by its own ambulances and ordnance, and the division followed by the battalions of artillery, division ordnance, and supply train. The last division will march as the second, except that the battalions of artillery, all the division trains, the ambulances, and ordnance of the rear brigade, will move in front of the rear brigade.

II. All guards and pickets will be withdrawn to-morrow morning at sunrise.

By command of Lieutenant-General Lee:

J. W. RATCHFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS LEE'S CORPS,

Florence, Ala., November 18, 1864.

The movement for to-morrow is suspended for the present.

By command of Lieutenant-General Lee:

J. W. RATCHFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. JACKSON'S CAVALRY DIVISION,
 Florence, November 18, 1864.

Numbers 29.

I. Colonel Jack Wharton, Sixth Regiment Texas Cavalry, having been tried on the charges preferred against him and acquitted, the brigadier-general commanding announces to his command that so much of General Orders, Numbers 8, March 24, 1864, issued from these headquarters, as reflected upon Colonel Wharton is withdrawn and will be erased from the records. Colonel Wharton will assume command of his regiment.

II. The brigadier-general commanding expresses the hope that the officers and men of the regiment will show him the respect due an officer of his rank and position.

By command of Brigadier-General Jackson:

J. H. MARTIN,

Aide-de-Camp and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Florence, Ala., November 18, 1864.

Brigadier General H. B. LYON,

Commanding Department of Western Kentucky:

(Through Major-General Forrest, commanding cavalry.)

General Hood directs that you will move at once with your command, crossing the Tennessee and Cumberland Rivers between Paducah and Johnsonville, and then move up the north bank of the Cumberland to Clarksville, taking possession of that place, if possible. You will place all the mills within your reach on that side of the Cumberland in running order, and put them to grinding at once. You will also destroy the railroads between Nashville and Clarksville, and between Bowling Green and Nashville, taking care to keep all the telegraphic communications between these places constantly destroyed.

A. P. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

