
I will thank you to transmit me the necessary orders. This necessity of adding, as promptly as possible, this element of strength to our army in Tennessee becomes more manifest, as we are probably to hold that State. In my letter to you some weeks since I expressed a wish to have the President commission me as major-general, that I might carry with me the prestige which promotion would give me. I trust, my dear sir, you will pardon me for renewing this request. I have written to my assistant adjutant-general, Captain Burch, temporarily on duty with General Withers, at Montgomery, to join me and to come by your headquarters and bring my orders. It will, perhaps, be necessary for you to give him orders to that effect.

With great respect,

GID. J. PILLOW,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

Not knowing your assistant adjutant-general, I address directly to yourself.

G. J. P.

CORINTH, MISS., November 18, 1864 - 8.30 a. m.

Major General F. GARDNER,

Jackson, Miss.:

This place requires your immediate attention. When will infantry garrison be here? I have ordered 1,000 men stopped passing through to front until garrison arrives. I have replaced Colonel Reid in command here. Colonel Mabry must attend to his cavalry at present.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General.

JACKSON, November 18, 1864.

General S. COOPER:

One of General Buckner's staff officers, sent by order of General Kirby Smith, has just arrived at my headquarters with the information that the last key word of cipher has undoubtedly been discovered by the enemy. The officer was sent expressly to communicate the fact, and to await at this point the new one for General Smith. He requests that it may be put in cipher by means of a key word known only to Colonel William Preston Johnston, of the President's staff, and General Buckner.

FRANK. GARDNER,

Major-General.

STRAWBERRY PLAINS, TENN., November 18, 1864.

Colonel NORTHROP,

Commissary-General:

I respectfully suggest that you send at once active special agents to this region to gather supplies. I am informed that many cattle and fat hogs can be got between the French Broad and the Clinch Rivers.

JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Major-General.

