
doing. A report will immediately be made to this office embracing the number of sick and wounded left, the number of cooks and nurses, name, &amp; c., of medical officer in charge, quantity of rations and medical and hospital supplies left with them. When practicable, consolidated morning report of sick and wounded will be furnished.

A. J. FOARD,

Medical Director.
HEADQUARTERS,Florence, Ala., November 19, 1864.

Lieutenant-General STEWART,

Commanding Corps:

General Hood directs that if you should not be able to cross you command over the river to-day, that you will do so to-morrow. Lieutenant-General Lee's corps will move out some ten miles from here to-morrow.

A. P. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS LEE'S CORPS,

Florence, Ala., November 19, 1864.

The divisions of this corps will move to-morrow morning in the following order: Clayton's at 6.30 o'clock, Stevenson's at 8.30 o'clock, Johnson's at 10.30 o'clock. Guides will be furnished.

The circular order of yesterday from these headquarters will be observed.

By command of Lieutenant-General Lee:

J. W. RATCHFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WEST POINT, November 20, 1864 - 10 a. m.

General J. B. HOOD,

Florence:

Five days' rations for brigade of Jackson ordered to Wheeler will be sent to Oxford; also ten days' at Newnan or Fairburn.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General.

WEST POINT, MISS., November 20, 1864 - 10 a. m.

General J. B. HOOD,

Commanding Army of Tennessee, Florence, Ala.:

Push on active offensive immediately. Colonel Brent informs me first order for movement one of Jackson's brigades to Wheeler has been suspended by you. It is indispensable; it should be sent by best and quickest route to Newnan, to cut off communications of enemy with Kingston, and to protect construction of telegraph lines and railroad to Augusta via Atlanta. I have appealed to people of Georgia to defend their homes.*

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General.

---------------

* See Vol. XLIV, p. 867.

---------------

