
owing to movements of our army, and Federals preparing for a raid in Mississippi; also that General Steele is ordered from Little Rock to Memphis. Lines closer to Memphis yesterday.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General.

(Copy to Major General D. H. Maury, Mobile, Ala.)

WEST POINT, MISS., November 20, 1864 - 10 a. m.

Lieutenant-General TAYLOR,

Selma, Ala.:

I shall give immediate preparatory orders for reconstruction of telegraphic line and railroad from Fairburn to Stone Mountain, via Atlanta, soon as practicable. One brigade of Jackson's division has been ordered to Newnan, to protect them and cut off enemy's communications with Kingston.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General.

(Copy to Lieutenant-General Hardee, Macon, Ga.)

ENGINEER OFFICE,

Mobile, Ala., November 20, 1864.

Major JAMES H. ALEXANDER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Engineer Service Bureau, Richmond, Va.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following consolidated report of engineer operations in the Department of Alabama. Mississippi and East Louisiana, for the month of October, 1864:

First. District of Northern and Central Alabama, Captain P. Robinson in charge:

The work of surrounding the city of Montgomery with a system of detached redoubts has been continued and considerable progress made, although not as much as I anticipated, owing to constant running away of slaves impressed for labor. This system of works is about half finished. At Opelika the last of a similar system of works is being constructed, and the post reported in good defensible condition. At Coosa bridge works previously thrown up for defense of position have been repaired, and roads for communication made.

Second. District of Mississippi and East Louisiana, Major D. Wintter in charge:

With a small force of detailed men and seven members of his company of sappers and miners, Major Wintter has kept in repair the pontoon bridges at Jackson and Monticello over Pearl River, at Columbus over Tombigbee River, and repaired other pontoon boats held in reserve at Meridian for contingent use. Lieutenant Donnellan in this district has been superintending the wrecking operations of Messrs. Leathers and Montgomery on the Yazoo River, paying off old claims in North Mississippi, and keeping up the bridges at Grenada, Panola, and Abbeville.

Third. District of the Gulf, Lieutenant Colonel V. Sheliha, chief engineer:

Work has been continued and repairs made on the line of city defenses, and the line is now in fair defensible condition, all of the

