
result, till 4.30 p. m. Then the enemy appeared in front, and on the flank of Bradley's brigade, with a strong infantry force (it was Cleburne's division, of Cheatham's corps), and made a vigorous attack. As Bradley's brigade was heavily outflanked, while pressed in front, it was forced from its position, and its right doubled back on the road it was forced from its position, and its right doubled back on the road and into the village. A few prisoners were captured from us, including the the assistant adjutant-general of the brigade. But the heaviest loss was in the serious wound (fortunately for the country and the military service it was only a flesh wound), which compelled him to relinquish command of his brigade and leave the field. He was succeed in command by that gallant soldier and useful officer, Colonel Joseph Conrad, Fifteenth Wisconsin [Missouri] Volunteers. Fortunately, the enemy did not press the success he had gained. The casualties of the Second Division amounted to some 350 killed and wounded. The immense trains and reserve artillery were parked in the village of Spring Hill and protected by the Second Division; crescent-shaped, with its convexity eastward and its flanks resting on the road, the division maintained its defensive position. The enemy, encamped a short distance only from the division, did not renew the attack. At 7 p. m. the movement of withdrawing from the north bank of Duck River was commenced Cox's division, of the Twenty-third Corps, led off. It was followed by the Third Division of the Fourth Corps, and lastly came the First Division of the Fourth Corps, and covered the retreat to Spring Hill. The movement to Spring Hill was protracted and much drawn out by the delay in crossing Rutherford's Creek. By some unfortunate oversight no sufficient bridge had been constructed over this creek, and the troops, arriving at it int he night, were much delayed in crossing it. After the First Division followed the pickets. The head of the Third Division arrived at Spring Hill about midnight, passed rapidly and silently through the village, and took post about a mile north of it, formed parallel to the road and east of it. The object of this disposition was to cover the movement of the trains out of Spring Hill and toward Franklin. Cox's division of the Twenty-third Corps, had already moved on toward Franklin. As rapidly as possible the trains were drawn out of park and pushed toward Franklin. While this work was in progress the First Division came up, passed rapidly through Spring Hill, and moved on as a convoy to the trains. It was necessary to move the troops rapidly and silently through Spring Hill to avoid a night attack from an entire corps of four divisions-Cheatham's-which lay encamped within 800 yards of the road. The effect of a night attack on a column en route would have been, beyond doubt, most disastrous. The embarrassment of the situation was greatly increased by the presence of the large number of wagons, artillery carriages, &amp;c., which had to be protected and quietly withdrawn. By 5 a. m. of the 30th the whole of the trains had been put on the road, and the rear had passed a mile north of Spring Hill. The Third Division then moved out, marching east of the road a short distance and parallel to it, as a cover to the train; the Second division followed the Third. A few miles north of Spring Hill, just before the dawn, the rebel cavalry made a dash at the trains, but was promptly repulsed by a part of the division. The march was continued without further interruption till about 7 a. m., when the rebel cavalry made a second dash at the trains, but was again quickly repulsed by two regi-

