
works being in fighting order, though not completed in many of their details. The bay batteries have been improved and strengthened, additional guns mounted, repairs made where necessary, and the work of still further improving them continues. All the water defenses are in fair condition. The work of making obstructions in the channels, and of strengthening those already made was continued, and all channels leading from the bay are now obstructed by piles or sunken hulks. The work of increasing the strength of these obstructions is still to be continued. The works of eastern shore have been put in tolerably fair fighting order, although still unfinished. Torpedoes have been laid and submarine batteries placed in all the practicable approaches on the water front. At the engineer workshops in Demopolis and Mobile tools have been fabricated and repaired; also wheelbarrows, boats, skiffs, desks, tables, drawing boards, &amp; c. Preparations are being made for still further increasing the capacities and facilities of both of these shops.

Respectfully submitted.

SAML. H. LOCKETT,

Colonel and Chief Engineer, Dept. of Ala., Miss., and East La.

(Copy to Major General M. L. Smith, chief engineer, Military Division of the West.)

ENGINEER OFFICE,

Mobile, November 20, 1864.

Weekly report of operations for the defense of Mobile, Ala., during the week ending November 19, 1864.

FIRST DIVISION.

C. - Traverses repaired.

XI. - Magazine and bomb-proof have been repaired.

I. - A small force has been engaged at I in assisting the carpenters in raising the galleries and magazine, and, in the absence of timber, in preparing the pits for the kitchens. A small force has also been employed on the curtain west of K, and is still so employed.

K. - Some slight repairs have been made on the parade at K to enable it to drain better.

N. - The rest of the force has been employed at N, where considerable progress (the force being considered) has been made. It has consisted in finishing up the main parapets and chemin-de-ronde, so as to prevent further damage from rains and in covering the gallery leading to the salient magazine. Drains from the various service magazines to the rear moat have also been put in. Laying of platforms has been continued.

The progress made in this division during the week has been very unsatisfactory in consequence of the scarcity of hands and of transportation, and also of the quantity of rain.

SECOND DIVISION.

Round Battery. - Was put in position on Wednesday morning, but before a sufficient quantity of sand could be put on it a high tide shifted it. It was again placed Friday, and has received two flat-loads of sand since, which, with its extra moorings, will probably secure it firmly.

