
MORRISTOWN, TENN., November 21, 1864.

Captain SANDFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Direct Colonels Palmer and Alston to move at daylight to-morrow to the rear. Tell him they separate at the point mentioned by Colonel Palmer and myself. Colonel Alston will proceed to Jonesborough, protecting the artillery, where transportation for the men and guns will be procured to Wytheville; horses, wagons, &amp; c., to go by dirt road. Colonel A[lston] will attend to rations and detail an officer to look after forage.

[JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE.]

Direct Major Stephens to send my headquarters wagon and team and fifteen other wagons and teams to Wytheville, to report to Major McMaHonorable Colonel Alston will send an officer to take charge of the train and a man to drive headquarters wagon; all the other captured wagons he will organize and equip into train as soon as possible and turn them over to Captain Smith, acting commissary of subsistence, to gather supplies, taking his receipts for them and sending a copy of it to these headquarters. All the mules and horses left after fitting up the train he will report to these headquarters for special orders.

[JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE.]

MONTGOMERY, ALA., November 22, 1864.

General J. B. HOOD,

Florence, Ala.:

Brigadier-General Gardner is now at Corinth, to remain as long as circumstances may require his presence there. I leave in the morning for Macon. I may be absent several days.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General.

MONTGOMERY, ALA., November 22, 1864 - 12 m.

Lieutenant General RICHARD TAYLOR,

Macon, Ga.:

Await my arrival at Macon. Meanwhile, should circumstances require, assume command as already instructed. Sherman's main body must be moving on most direct roads to Atlantic coast. These roads must be obstructed; bridges and supplies destroyed in its front. Gun-boats in Savannah River must prevent crossing as far up as navigable.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General.

(Copy to Lieutenant General W. J. Hardee, Macon, Ga., or wherever he may be.)

