
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF ALA., MISS., AND E. FA.,
 Selma, Ala., November 22, 1864.

Numbers 143.

On and after the 1st of December proximo the headquarters of the Department of Alabama, Mississippi, and East Louisiana will be established at Meridian, Miss.

By command of Lieutenant-General Taylor:

WM. M. LEVY,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.

MONTGOMERY, ALA., November 22, 1864 - 4 p. m.

Major General D. H. MAURY,

Mobile, Ala.:

Attack on Mobile at this time cannot be serious, but prudence requires you should call on Governors Watts and Clark for all available State troops and militia they can furnish you not required at other points. I leave temporarily to-morrow night for Macon.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General.

MOBILE, ALA., November 22, 1864.

Governor CHARLES CLARK,

Macon, Miss.:

Have received information of preparations to attack Mobilee. Prudence urges that you send here such State troops as you can command. Please answer as to your ability to comply.

D. H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE WEST,Montgomery, November 22, 1864.

Major General D. H. MAURY,

Commanding Department of Ala., Miss., and East La.:

GENERAL: General Beauregard instructs me to say that he deems it highly important that a depot or camp of direction should be established at Meridian for the purpose of collecting all stragglers and convalescents belonging to the Army of Tennessee. The road from Corinth to that point is full of absentees without leave, and many returning to the front loiter on the way. It is therefore desirable that they should be stopped at Meridian, and when a sufficient number shall have been collected, that they be organized and sent forward, under charge of a commissioned officer, with as little delay as practicable, to the army. The garrison at Corinth should be increased to 2,500 men; this will include 500 men which General Beauregard has directed Major-General Gardner to retain from men returning to the Army of Tennessee. If the number (2,500) cannot be obtained from the reserves and volunteer State troops, you will direct General Gardner to call on the Governor of Mississippi for militia. The railroad and bridges should be properly defended, making block-houses, &amp; c., at bridges and trestles for this purpose. If reserves and volunteer State troops cannot be obtained for garrisons, the militia must be called for. For all defensive purposes General Gardner is authorized to issue orders to Brigadier-General Roddey.

