
ments of the Third Division, deployed as skirmishers, aided by a section of artillery. Without further interruption the command continued its march to the vicinity of Franklin. Much credit is due to Colonel Opdycke, whose brigade brought up the rear, for the energetic measures he adopted and carried out to get forward the greatly fatigued and worn-out men of the entire command. But for these judicious measures many weary and surefooted soldiers would evidently have fallen into the hands of the enemy. Reference is made to Colonel Opdycke's report for more minute details.

On arriving at Franklin the Twenty-third Corps had taken position in the suburbs of the village, with its left resting on the river above the town and its right extending across the west of the turnpike road. The First Division of the Fourth Corps (Kimball's) was posted on the right of the Twenty-third Corps, with its right flank resting on the river below the town. Entrancements were at once thrown up by the Twenty-third Corps and Kimball's division, of the Fourth Corps. The Third Division of the Fourth Corps arrived next, and was ordered to cross the river and take post on the north side. This was done. Wagner's (the Second Division), which was marching in rear, was ordered to halt on a range of hills nearly two miles south of the town and deploy his command to hold the enemy in check should he attempt to press us. In the meantime the transportation was being passed rapidly across the river. At 12 m. General Wagner reported the appearance of the enemy in heavy force in his front, and later he reported that the enemy was evidently making preparations to attack him in force. The position General Wagner then held was entirely too extensive to be covered by one division, and as the country was open on both flanks and favorable to the movement of troops, the position could be readily flanked, hence General Wagner very judiciously determined to retire his command nearer to the town. He posted tow brigades, Conrad's and Lane's, across the pike, with heir flanks slightly refused, about a third of a mile south of the entrenched position of the Twenty-third Corps. The other brigade, Opdycke's was sent inside of our main works-a most fortunate disposition of this brigade, as the sequel of this narrative will show. Conrad's and Lane's brigades hastily threw up rude barricades to protect themselves from the coming storm. Their orders were to maintain their position as long as it could be done without becoming too severely engaged, and then retire on the main line. At 4 p. m. the enemy made a vigorous attack ont he front of these two advanced brigades, threatening at the same time their flanks with strong columns. Unwilling to abandon their position so long as there was any probability of maintaining it, unfortunately, the gallant commanders remained in front too long, and as a consequence, when they did retire, they were followed so closely by the enemy as to enter the works through he break which had been caused by the burst over them of the retiring brigades. The enemy had come on with a terrific dash, had entered our entrenchment, and victory seemed almost within his grasp. Our line had been broken in the center, two 4,-gun batteries had fallen into the hands of the enemy, and it seemed that it was only necessary for him to press the advantage he had gained to complete his success. But at this critical moment the gallant, prompt, and ready Opdycke was at hand, calling to his men in a stentorian tone, "Forward to the lines!" and, adding example to command, he, with his bold brigade, with lowered bayonets, rushed forward, bore the exultant enemy back over our entrenchments, recovered the lost gun, and captured night 400 prisoners.

