HEADQUARTERS,Near Waynesborough, November 23, 1864.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Commanding, &amp; c.:

Brigadier-General Williams having reported to me in arrest, in obedience to orders from General Bragg, for his conduct during the expedition which Major-General Wheeler made into Tennessee in August and September last, and it not being possible for me to have the case investigated now, as General Wheeler is not within my reach, I have ordered General Williams to report to you, and respectfully request that you will have the case investigated as soon as practicable.

J. B. HOOD,

General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Richmond, November 23, 1864.

Numbers 278.

* * * * * * *

LIV. Brigadier General A. E. Jackson, Provisional Army, C. S., being unfit for active services in the field, will temporarily report to Major General John C. Breckinridge, commanding, & c., for such light duty as General Jackson may be able to perform.

* * * * * * *

By command of Secretary of War:

JOHN W. RIELY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF WEST. VIRGINIA AND EAST TENNESSEE,Wytheville, Va., November 23, 1864.

Major-General BRECKINRIDGE,

Morristown, East Tenn.:

GENERAL: I inclose a letter from Captain Everett* proposing an expedition. I have not felt authorized to sanction it. He says he can start at two days' notice. Lewis Castleman has applied to go into Kentucky to recruit. I defer all such applications till your arrival. I have scout out from Kentucky, who left vicinity of Lexington ten days ago. He reports all quiet. Burbridge had collected all his troops at Lexington at one time, as if for a movement, but they were again distributed to the different posts. He reports about 8,000 of all arms in the State, including at Louisville. The number is large on account of many regiments having been sent there to be mustered out. I have no news from any other quarter. Have you received my letter in regard to Colonel Caudill's command? Shall it be ordered up? It is at Castle Woods. Colonel Giltner is here. As forage is getting scarce he proposes that it would be best to move into one of the southwestern counties, Scott or Lee, off the railroad, where it is abundant.

Very respectfully,

J. STODDARD JOHNSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

