
MONTGOMERY, ALA., November 23, 1864.

Major General D. H. MAURY,

Mobile, Ala.:

Should an advance be made by enemy from Memphis on Corinth, General Beauregard desires that General Gardner's headquarters should be made permanently at Corinth.

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CONFIDENTIAL.] HDQRS. DEPT. OF ALA., MISS., AND E. LA.,

Mobile, November 23, 1864.

Governor THOMAS H. WATTS,

Governor of Alabama:

GOVERNOR: I hope you will be able to raise and send to Mobile some State troops at a very early day. Four thousand additional troops should be here as soon as possible and should be held here; otherwise, this place may be carried by a coup de main any night. I have repeatedly laid this fact before the proper authorities, but, as you will understand, other paramount objects require the Confederate forces, and the necessities of Mobile have been deferred to them. I receive such rumors of increasing force at Pensacola and in the lower bay as compel me, since Hood's army has gone beyond reach, to seek the last resort to avoid disaster. I hope you will give me your immediate co-operation. Please let me hear from you at your earliest convenience, and believe me,

Very respectfully, yours, &amp; c.,

D. H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,Mobile, Ala., November 23, 1864.

Governor CHARLES CLARK,

Governor of Mississippi:

DEAR SIR: In view of recent military events it becomes very important to insure the safety of the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, and to have a force ready to re-enforce Mobile. I think the State of Mississippi is concerned almost as much in the one of these objects as in the other. You will appreciate the obligation which rests upon me to urge your most earnest and active co-operation with me in placing troops in service at once, when I assure you that with the force now in the District of the Gulf, it will be a very practicable and a very sound military enterprise for the enemy to undertake on any night to possess himself of Mobile by a coup de main. I have not omitted to keep this fact continually before the proper authorities, but thus far it has not been possible, without compromising other more important or more urgent interests of the Confederacy, to throw increased forces here. Four thousand troops should be thrown here immediately. Please let me

