
know at your earliest convenience how far you can aid me, if at all. I shall be in Meridian in the course of a few days. I am very glad to renew our official relations, and am, with great respect,

Your obedient servant,

D. H. MAURY,

P. S. - You will be amused and surprised to hear that I received very severe reprehension from the Secretary of War because I seized those trans-Mississippi arms for your militia last summer. I was tempted to cite you as a witness in my behalf.

D. H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.

MACON, GA., November 24, 1864 - 8 p. m.

President JEFFERSON DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.:

I arrived here this morning. Reports indicate enemy's advance to have reached a line extending from Davisborough to Warrenton, moving eastwardly, destroying Central and Georgia railroads. Probabilities are that the enemy will follow most direct route to Port Royal, intending to re-enforce Grant as soon as practicable. State militia and reserves leave in the morning, under General G. W. Smith, to re-enforce General Hardee. Have ordered General Hood to take active-offensive in Middle Tennessee to relieve General Lee.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

MONTGOMERY, ALA., November 24, 1864.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Macon, Ga.:

The following dispatch just received:

CORINTH, November 23, 1864.

Colonel BRENT:

Scouts from near Memphis report remnant of Sixteenth Army Corps went up river from Memphis last Thursday. Rumored destination Tennessee River. Reported Washburn in command. They are repairing Mobile and Ohio Railroad.

J. B. EUSTIS,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MONTGOMERY, ALA., November 24, 1864.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Macon, Ga.:

The following just received from Edwards' Depot:

Enemy, about 5,000 strong - cavalry, infantry, and artillery - made their appearance at Big Black this morning about 11 o'clock. They are now laying pontoons. Do not think they will cross before daylight in morning.

H. F. MARTIN,

Captain, Commanding.

This from General Maury, 24th:

Enemy in force reached Big Black bridge, from Vicksburg, early yesterday morning. General Gardner will be at Jackson to-morrow. Have called on Governor Clark for assistance.

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

