
claims of charity at his door every day, can't pay such taxes, for, although our money is plenty and depreciated, his surplus is priced by the Government and he cannot get the money any easier or faster than he could gold in the days of yore. Such men as these and the poor improvident must soon be the victims of Shylocks and speculators.

The next evil is one resulting, in a great measure, from all the others combined, a general discontent and loss of confidence in the administration and our success, a disposition among the people to rise up in opposition to the powers that be, declare for reconstruction, or anything else but the things that are. The late movement of Governor Brown and his confederates is responded to by many thousands with great sympathy and earnestness, and I fear will lead to the worst of consequences.

Your proposition for the Government to possess itself of negroes for army uses, &amp; c., and their fidelity to be rewarded with freedom, finds great and general opposition. If a soldier's life is the price of their liberty, they don't want freedom, but if put into the service and permitted to have all the fruits of their captures in kind and money, then they might face the fire and remain true. Most of them have concluded that the Yankees are their worst foes, and they prefer to keep out of the service on either side.

Trusting and hoping that these evils may be remedied, that we may yet succeed in our holy cause, and assuring you of my unwavering fidelity, I am, truly, yours,

ROBT. S. HUDSON.

MACON, GA., November 26, 1864.

Colonel G. W. BRENT,

Chief of Staff, Montgomery, Ala.:

Order Major General M. L. Smith to inspect defenses of Mobile and await there further orders.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General.

MONTGOMERY, ALA., November 26, 1864.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Macon, Ga.:

Dispatch from Corinth, 26th, 1864:

Dispatches just received from Colonel Windes says last of enemy left Decatur at 2 p. m. yesterday, and were taking up pontoon bridge, under cover of gun-boats and shore batteries.

P. D. RODDEY,

Brigadier-General.

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MONTGOMERY, ALA., November 26, 1864.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Macon, Ga.:

Henderson's scouts report three regiments cavalry and two batteries passed Wesley Chapel, on Wire road, 4 p. m. yesterday. Boats whistling in Lower Yazoo, indicating an advance by river.

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

