
CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS JACKSON'S CAVALRY DIVISION,

November 26, 1864.

Brigade commanders will have their commands in readiness to move to-morrow morning at 7 o'clock, with four days' cooked rations, from the 28th instant, and sixty rounds of ammunition to the man. The move to-morrow will be short, and rations can be prepared for the day as they are required, without interfering with the four days' already cooked. No led horses will be allowed to accompany the command, but will be turned over to the chief quartermaster of the division. Forges will be set to work at once and all horses shod as fast as possible, the battery animals first. Eight horses will be attached to each piece of artillery. Wagon train will not move with the command.

By command of Brigadier-General Jackson:

J. H. MARTIN,

Aide-de-Camp and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Mount Pleasant, November 26, 1864.

OFFICER COMMANDING CONSCRIPTS, STATE OF MISSISSIPPI:

I send this by an officer who goes to Mississippi to endeavor to procure conscripts for Brantly's brigade, and I respectfully ask your assistance in the matter. This brigade, formerly Walthall's, the State of Mississippi may justly feel proud of, and the present reduced state of its rank is due to the severe losses it has sustained in the many battles in which it has been engaged, in all of which it has borne a conspicuous part.

J. B. HOOD,

General.
HEADQUARTERS,Mount Pleasant, November 26, 1864.

OFFICER COMMANDING CORINTH, MISS.:

General Hood directs that you organize at once a guard of 1,000 convalescent troops, to escort to the army a train loaded with salt. The officer who hands you this will inform you when the train will be ready to move. Place the escort under the command of a good officer and give him a sufficient number of officers.

A. P. MASON,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S. - If there should be no demonstration on Corinth, you will send forward all the convalescents that may have been collected. Send forward also all the shoes that can be obtained or may be on hand.

A. P. MASON,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

ENGINEER OFFICE,

Mobile, Ala., November 27, 1864.

Weekly report of operations for the defense of Mobile, Ala., during the week ending November 26, 1864.

79 R R - VOL XLV, PT I

