
But this reverse did not seem to discourage the enemy; it seemed rather to add to his determination and increase the vigor of his assaults. On, on, he came, till he made four distinct assaults, each time to be hurled back, with heavy loss. So vigorous and fierce were these assaults that the enemy reached the exterior slope of the rude entrenchments, and hand-to-hand encounters occurred between the courageous combatants across the works, and between the assault the work of death was not stopped. The undulations of the ground are such as to afford good protection to an attacking force. Under this cover the enemy pressed sharpshooters as near our lines as possible, and kept up a most galling fire. While these vigorous attacks were being made on our center and left the right, held by Kimball's division, was also fiercely attacked three times, all of which assaults were handsomely repulsed, with comparatively slight loss to us, but with terrific slaughter of the enemy. At no time did the enemy gain any advantage on this part of our lines. As night approached the enemy desisted from his fierce assaults, and his offensive efforts de grated into a sharp skirmish fire.

Thus terminated one of the fiercest, best contested, most vigorously sustained passages at arms which have occurred in this war. I am sure it will be no exaggeration to estimate the loss of the enemy in killed, wounded, and captured at 6,000. His loss, as attested by the dispatches of his commanding general, was particularly heavy in general officers, no less than 14 killed, wounded, and captured. After the conflict was over the ground was thickly strewn with he enemy's dead and wounded. Our captures amounted to 21 battle-flags and stands of colors, 11 swords and sabers, and 618 prisoners, including 46 officers. Our casualties amounted to 5 officers killed, 37 wounded, and 14 missing. Enlisted men-killed, 62; wounded, 570; missing, 680. Total casualties, 1,368

For more minute details of this interesting contest I must refer to the reports of division and brigade commander, herewith forwarded; they will repay perusal.

The highest commendation is due to Brigadier-Generals Kimball and Wagner, commanding the First and Second Divisions of the Fourth corps, for the skillful manner in which they handled their commands and for personal gallantry displayed in trying positions. These division commander write in high terms of praise of the good conduct of their brigade commanders, and these latter of the soldierly conduct of their regimental commanders.

Among so many who not only did their duty well, but nobly, it is difficult to discriminate individual officers or men for special mention, but I am sure it will not be deemed invidious if I signalize Colonel Emerson Opdycke, One hundred and twenty-fifth Ohio Volunteers, commanding First Brigade, Second Division, and Lieutenant Colonel G. W. Smith, Eighty-eighth Illinois, commanding his regiment in Opdycke's brigade, whose good fortune it was on this blood-stained day, the 30th of November, 1864, to render the most important and distinguished service. The artillery was splendidly served and made terrible havoc in the enemy's ranks, both as he advanced and retired. The officer and men of the batteries are entitled to the highest praise for their good conduct.

When the enemy had temporarily broken our center Major-General Schofield, commanding the forces in the vicinity of Franklin, under the apprehension that our forces engaged on the south side of the river might be compelled to pass to north side, ordered the following disposition, which was made, of the Third Division (then in

