
FIRST DIVISION.

During the past week we have had either very hard rains or severe freezing weather, so that the progress made toward the completion of the line of city entrenchments has been very small. The week has been mainly occupied in repairing the damages caused by the causes just mentioned and much of the next week must be consumed in the same manner. We labor under several difficulties in the prosecution of the work. The amount of laborers is totally disproportionate to the work to be done. The average number of hands during the week has been about 250 employed on the works, which it must be conceded is a very small force for so much work. Fort Sidney Johnston could well employ double the number. The transportation at the command of the department is so limited that it is impossible to transport the necessary materials as fast as they are needed. The want of material in some instances may also be enumerated as another cause of delay. The magazines at Numbers 4 and K need covering to make them safe receptacles of ammunition, yet plank cannot be obtained.

SECOND DIVISION.

Conway Creek. - There are about fifty more piles to be driven and about fifty to be followed down, which, when done, will complete the obstruction proposed there. The ship Danube has settled considerably, her ports being now below water.

McIntosh. - The platform of the second gun from the left has been raised fifteen inches above its former level, and thee gun itself will be remounted, probably to-day. The traverses which fell during the late rains are still in the same condition, for the want of a force to repair them.

Gladden. - Repairs are now being made on the traverses which fell during the late rain.

Round Battery. - Piles have been driven around this battery, securing it in its position, and sand is being carried there as fast as our means of transportation will allow.

Square Battery, near Choctaw Pass, is in the same condition that it was a month ago, viz, chassis and carriage mounted on it and ready for the gun.

C. S. M. has been raised and is now in the dock.

THIRD DIVISION.

Huger. - Force has been engaged in strengthening covered way and sodding same, except when a portion of the labor was engaged in removing obstructions in Apalachee River.

Obstructions. - A fifty-foot gap has been made in obstructions in Apalachee River.

FOURTH DIVISION.

Torpedo operations delayed for want of powder.

FIFTH DIVISION.

Pontoons. - First lot of twenty will be sent toward end of this week.

Respectfully submitted.

V. SHELIHA,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief Engineer, District of the Gulf.

