
The command will not accompany the wagons. The men, therefore, will be prepared with four day's cooked rations in haversacks. The hour for the command to move will be given to-morrow morning.

By command of Brigadier-General Jackson:

J. H. MARTIN,

Aide-de-Camp and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE, November 27, 1864.

General CHALMERS,Commanding Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: General Hood directs me to say that he wishes you to direct Colonel Biffle to order Colonel Holman to report to me, with all the men of his (Colonel Holman's) command now on duty with that brigade.

Very respectfully,

E. J. HARVIE,

Colonel and Inspector-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CHALMER'S DIVISION,Numbers -. In the Field, November 27, 1864.

I. Colonel Biffle, commanding brigade, will order Colonel Holman to report with his command at once to Colonel E. J. Harvie, inspector-general of General Hood's staff, for duty.

By order of Brigadier-General Chalmers:

L. T. LINDSEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE ARTILLERY, Corinth, Miss., November 27, 1864.

Captain REID,

Inspector at Post:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, as yet, there is only one battery at this is a howitzer battery of four brass pieces, commanded by Captain Thrall, from General Forrest's command. In conjunction with this report I would respectfully suggest that, after an inspection of the works around this post (accompanied by Major Wintter, chief engineer), it is my opinion that for military defense there should be at least sixteen pieces of artillery in the works of the post-this is the minimum amount that will be necessary for defense of the place-and then not one-half the artillery positions will be occupied. These guns should be of the following description: 1 battery (4 pieces) Parrotts, 1 battery (4 pieces) Napoleons, 2 batteries (8 pieces) howitzers; total, 4 batteries (16 pieces).

I would respectfully call the attention of the general commanding to this statement, and request attention at earliest practicable moment.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. ELDRIDGE,

Major, Commanding Artillery at Post.

