HEADQUARTERS, Columbia, November 28, 1864.

CORPS COMMANDERS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE:

If you have any batteries of artillery whose animals you consider too weak to continue on this expedition, General Hood directs that you leave them here, to form a portion of the garrison at this place. Please inform General Hood, as soon as possible, whether or not you have in your command any such batteries.

A. P. MASON,Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS LEE'S CORPS, November 28, 1864.

I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to say that he wishes you to hold your command in readiness to move. Get everything together-your wagons, artillery, &amp;c.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

J. W. RATCHFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

Numbers 37. Near Columbia, Tenn., November 28, 1864.

The commanding general is pained to learn that officers and men from this army entered the twon of Columbia this morning and wanton land disgracefully plundered private and public property. He earnestly calls upon all well-disposed officers and men to check this unsoldierlike and ruinous conduct. It if cannot be done by example and moral suasion, harsher means will be used. All private property, either of friend or foe, must be respected, and all public property belongs to the C. S. Government. When any such can be useful to the army it will be equitably distributed. Let us remember that this unbridled spirit of plunder recently caused the defeat of our army in the Valley of Virginia after they had driven the enemy from the field.

By command of General Hood:

A. P. MASON,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS LORING'S DIVISION, STEWART'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE, November 28, 1864-3.20 a. m.

Captain W. D. GALE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: My division officer of the day reports that his scouts have gone to the skirmish entrenchments of the enemy, which is some distance in advance of our skirmishers, and beyond the point where the vedettes have been. My skirmishers occupy the position of their vedettes. I have given directions if he finds their entrenchments

