
defensibly strong to occupy them, and to push on his scouts cautiously. Am I right in moving my skirmishers forward? No enemy have been discovered so far.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. LORING,

Major-General, Commanding.

NOVEMBER 28, 1864-7 a. m.

Captain W. D. GALE:

CAPTAIN: I have just learned that the enemy left Columbia at 12 o'clock last night. My skirmish line was advanced at daylight, and on finding the twon vacated by the enemy was placed at the disposal of Colonel E. J. Harvie, inspector-general, to guard the town.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

E. C. WALTHALL,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA., Mobile, November 28, 1864.

Colonel GEORGE W. BRENT,Assistant Adjutant-General, Montgomery:

COLONEL: I have just received your dispatch informing me that Major General M. L. Smith has been ordered here to command the Defenses of Mobile temporarily. There is no difference between the command of the Direct of the Gulf and of the Defenses of Mobile sufficient to call for a general officer's exclusive services, therefore I think, unless otherwise instructed, that when General Smith reports to me I shall assign him temporarily to command the District of the Gulf. In cases of General Gardner and of General Higgings, I Higgins, I assigned a general officer to command Defenses of Mobile, and found that there was then very little left for the district commander to do; and also that I, who am really responsible for the Defenses of Mobile, was removed from that direct communication with my colonels and garrison commanders which is essential. These considerations induce me, therefore, to extend the command of General Smith to that of the whole district, during such time as I shall remain in command of the Department of Mississippi and East Louisiana. I shall thus avoid the creation of a corps of staff officers, a more important consideration in Mobile than in most other places.

I am, colonel, very respectfully,

D. H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.

MOBILE, November 28, 1864.

Colonel GEORGE W. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Montgomery, Ala.:

Please have movements of Armistead's brigade, ordered ot Pollard, expedited, sending them by rail as far as practicable.

D. H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.

