
CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS LEE'S CORPS, November 29, 1864.

Major J. W. Johnston, commanding artillery battalion, is announced as chief of artillery, Lee's corps, until further orders.

By command of Lieutenant-General Lee:

J. W. RATCHFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS LEE'S CORPS, November 29, 1864.

Major-General STEVENSON,Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding wishes you to have your command in readiness ot move at any hour to-night. Have all your brigade ordnance wagons replenished with ammunition. See that the men have two day's cooked rations in their haversacks. At 4 o'clock this evening the head of General Hood's column was near Spring Hill; the enemy apparently ignorant of his movements.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. RATCHFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MOSSY CREEK, November 29, 1864. (Via Jonesborough 30th.)

Major General J. C. BRECKINRIDGE:

General Vaughn just arrived. Shall I move with my command to Virginia? I await orders; General Vaughn has none for me.

BASIL W. DUKE,

Brigadier-General.

CORINTH, MISS., November 29, 1864.

Colonel E. J. HARVIE,

Inspector-General, Army of Tennessee:

COLONEL: In obedience to instructions of the commanding general, I proceeded to this place and entered at once upon the duties assigned me. The troop are organized into companies, battalions, and regiments, as follows: First Regiment Infantry, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Moore; First Battalion Infantry, of four companies, under command of Major Durr; three companies infantry for guard and police duty in town; and one company of 100 men detached at Chickasaw; making in all eighteen companies of infantry, under the immediate command of Colonel Cole. Colonel Mabry (of General Wirt Adams' command) is in command of all the cavalry, consisting of his own brigade, one regiment of Pattarson's brigade, and some Mississippi Cavalry Reserve, also General Beauregard's escort company. I respectfully refer you to Colonel Reid's report as to the strength, &amp;c., of the above commands. You will observe that it is up to the 25th instant; since then some changes have taken place; the infantry has increased. Patterson's brigade, except one regiment, left to-day; also detachment from Lyon's command. General Roddey has been here for a few days in command of all the troops and defenses. He received General Hood's order last night, and left here this morn-

