
ing to execute it. All the men of the Army of Tennessee able to bear arms have been armed; as yet, there are no accouterments to issue, but they will soon be supplied, as some are expected shortly. I have taken measures to obtain a supply of blankets, clothing, shoes, &amp;C., for the men needing such articles. I hope soon to have all their wants supplied. Large details are made daily to work on the fortifications, which are in a forward state of completion; indeed, they are at present in a proper state to successfully resists the enemy, and by Saturday, with the force of negroes (200) just received from below, the works will be completed. Winter quarters will then be constructed, in rear of the line of works and in the bomb-proofs of the forts. The troops are at present encamped near the twon, where wood and water can be had. General Beauregard's order was to retain a force of 1,000 men, which was deemed ample for the protection of the place. I am glad to report the number exceeding this at present here, and daily accessions are made. I have detached 100 men, with arms, to report to the engineer officer at Chickasaw, for the purpose of constructing a battery at that point. On completion a battery of heavy guns (20-pounder Parrotts) is expected to be sent down by General Hood. At this point the river is about 800 yards wide, while at a point for miles above Savannah, with a little work, an excellent crossing can be had, only about 500 yards wide. Major Wintter, of the Second Regiment Troops, who has charge of the works here, desires to know of General Hood if he would not prefer the latter crossing. Pontoon-boats are expected, and will be held in readiness here. Major Wintter makes a report which I inclose, and to which I beg leave to call the attention of the general commanding. Major Wintter is personally known to Lieutenant-General Lee, who can inform the general of his qualifications as an engineer. I beg leave to forward a report of Major Eldridge.* The engineer in charge here (Major Wintter) thinks that three Napoleons and three Parrott guns, in addition to what we have here already, will be quite sufficient, placed in the strong and admirable works constructed here. The latter opinion, I think, is correct.

We have collected here for the Army about ten days' rations of breadstuffs; will accumulate to the extend General Hood directed.

The affairs at the post are well managed. The commandant of the post, Colonel Reid, is an active, energetic officer, and fully competent to discharge the duties of the position. We work together quite harmoniously, and much has been done of late to improve the condition of affairs. A sutler was engaged, on my arrival here, in selling whisky to soldiers; he was ordered to close up, but still continued the sale. I ordered that the whisky found in his establishment should be turned over to the hospital. The members of the military courts, with records, arrived here last night, having received orders to rejoin the army. No transportation can be had at present for that purpose. The transportation at this point is insufficient, so much being required for engineer work. I am informed that 150 wagons have been ordered to this point by General Beauregard from the trains in charge of Major J. Blue Moore. The flag of truce, with sealed dispatches for General Forrest, endeavored to avoid the pickets near Grand Junction and to reach this point, but was stopped and sent back under escort: was evidently for the purpose of gaining information as to the state of affairs here. No dispatches have come forward. On my way here I investigated the charge of inefficiency, &c., borough against Lieutenant-Colonel McAlex-

