
reserve) of the Fourth Corps, with a view to cover in the withdrawal of our troops, should it become necessary; Beatty's brigade was deployed along the bank of the river above the town; Streight's brigade along the bank of the river immediately opposite the town; and post's brigade on the bank of the river below the town. Fortunately, the exigency for which this disposition was made did not occur in the progress of the contest, but the brigades retained their positions to cover the withdrawal at night, which had been ordered before the occurrence of the attack. To prepare for the withdrawal and retirement toward Nashville the trains were started before night-fall of the 30th. At midnight the troops on the south side of the river began to withdraw from the lines and pass to the north side of the stream; this work was rapidly and successfully accomplished. The enemy probably suspected what was going on, but did not attempt to interfere with the movement. The Third Division of the fourth Corps had been designated to move in rear and cover the retrograde movement. By 3 a. m. of the 1st of December all the troops had been withdrawn from the south side of the river, and the bridges were fired. So soon as the conflagration was so far advanced as to insure its being complete the Third Division commenced to withdraw, and by 4 a. m. the whole of it was on the road. As the flames rose from the bridge and communicated fully to the enemy our movements he opened a heavy cannonade, which, fortunately, did no injury, and was soon suspended; otherwise the enemy did not attempt to molest us. The rear of the command reached Brentwood, nine miles north of Franklin, at 9 a. m. There the command was halted an hour to allow the men to cook breakfast. Between 10 and 11 o'clock the march was resumed, and the rear of the troops reached the vicinity of Nashville at 1 p. m. The corps was reported to Major-General Thomas, commanding the forces, and by him the position designated, which it occupied from that date to the 15th of December, when offensive operations were commenced.

In conclusion it is proper that I should remark that during the operations briefly sketched in this report the corps was commenced by Major-General Stanley. He was wounded in the battle at Franklin, and was compelled by the casualty to relinquish command of the corps before he could submit a report of its operations; hence the duty has devolved on me.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH CORPS,Huntsville, Ala., January 5, 1864.

GENERAL: The Fourth Army Corps arrived in the vicinity of Nashville, on the retreat from Pulaski, on the 1st of December, ultimo. Major General D. S. Stanley, having been wounded in the conflict at Franklin, on the 30th of November, and having received a leave of absence on account of his wound, relinquished and I assumed command of the corps on the 2nd of December. So soon as I had assumed command of the corps I placed it in position as follows, in conformity with orders received from the commanding general of the forces in the field person: The left of the

