
corps rested on the Casino and extended westward across the Granny White and Hillsborough pikes; the right rested on the left of the Detachments of the Army of the Tennessee (Major General A. J. Smith's command), midway between the Hillsborough and Hardin pikes. As the condition of the forces was not such as to warrant the commencement of offensive operations immediately, the first duty to be provided for was the safety of Nashville against assault. For this purpose a line of strong entrenchments, strengthened with an abatis, slashes of timber, and pointed stakes firmly planted int he ground, was constructed along the entire from of the corps. The entire development of this work was something over two miles; it was completed by the morning of the 5th of December. But while the safety of Nashville was being provided for, preparations were also being made for offensive operations. The troops were rapidly re-equipped in every particular, the trains repaired and loaded with supplies, &amp;c. As early as the 7th of December the commanding general of the forces had begun to communicate to the corps commanders his plans of attack, and had intimated that the morning of the 10th wound witness the inauguration of offensive operations. But the morning of the 9th dawned upon us, bringing a heavy sleet storm, which soon covered the whole face of the earth with a perfect me de glace, and rendered all movements of troops, so long as it remained, impossible. The weather and the condition of the ground were not sufficiently ameliorated before midday of the 14th of December to permit the commencement of operations with any hope of success. The commanding general summoned a meeting of corps commanders at his headquarters at 3 p. m. on the 14th, and delivered to them written orders, from which the following are extracts:

As soon as the weather will admit of offensive operations the troops will move against the enemy's position in the following order:

* * * * *

3. Brigadier General T. J. Wood, commanding Fourth Corps, after leaving a strong skirmish line in his works from Laurens' Hill to his extreme right, will form the remainder of the Fourth Corps ont he Hillsborough pike, to support General Smith's left, and operate ont he left and rear of the enemy's advanced position, on Montgomery's Hill.

* * * * *

Should the weather permit the troops will be formed in time to commence operations at 6 a. m., or as soon thereafter as practicable.

To carry out these brief but sententious and pointed instructions of the commanding general, I directed, so soon as I had returned to my headquarters, the division commanders to assemble there at 7 p. m., and after explaining to them fully the intended movements, delivered to them the following written orders:
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Near Nashville, Tenn., December 15, 1864.

Orders of the day for the Fourth Army Corps for to-morrow, December 15, 1864:

I. Reveille will be sounded at 4 a. m. The troops will get their breakfast, break up their camps, pack up everything, and be prepared to move at 6 a. m.

II. Brigadier-General Elliott, commanding Second Division, will move out by his right, taking the small road which passes by the right of his present position, form in echelon with General J. A. Smith's left, slightly refusing his own left, and, maintaining this relative position to General Smith's troops, will advance with them. When he moves out he will leave a strong line of skirmishers in his solid works.

III. Brigadier-General Kimball, commanding First Division, on being relieved by General Steedman, will move his division tot he Hillsborough pike, inside of our lines, and by it through the lines, and form in echelon to General Elliott's left, slightly refusing his own left. He will maintain this position and advance with General Elliott.

