
Fortunately, this brilliant success along the entire front of the corps was achieved with comparatively slight loss. The onset was so fierce, the movement of the troops so rapid, that a very brief interval elapsed between the first should of the advancing lines and the planting of our colors ont he enemy's works. But this rapid movement had somewhat disordered the ranks, as well as blown the men, and it was hence necessary to halt the corps for a brief space to reform and prepare for a rather advance. The enemy on being driven from his works had retired in the direction (eastward) of the Franklin pike. His works extending across theirs pike were still intact. While the troops were being reformed I received an order from the commanding general to move toward the Franklin pike, some two miles and a half distant, to reach it if possible before dark, drive the enemy hard, and form the corps across it, facing southward. This order was received about 5 p. m., almost sunset. The reformation of the troops was quickly completed,a nd the whole corps, formed in two lines and covered by a cloud of skirmishers, was pushed rapidly toward the Franklin pike. Soon our skirmishers became engaged with the enemy's, but only to drive them. but the rapidly approaching darkness too soon brought a period to this glorious work. After crossing the Granny white pike, and arriving within about three-quarters of a mile of the Franklin pike, the darkness became so thick that it was necessary, in order to avoid confusion and to prevent our troops from firing into each other, to halt the corps for the night. The corps was formed parallel to the Granny White pike, its right resting on General Smith's left and its left on the most northern line, then abandoned, of the enemy's works. In this position, about 7 p. m. of a bleak December night, the troops bivouacked, after their arduous but, fortunately, glorious labors of the day. The result of the day's operations for the corps was the capture of 10 pieces of artillery, 5 caissons, several stand of colors, a considerable number of small-arms, and some 500 prisoners. The enemy's entrenched lines had been broken in two places by direct assault and he driven more than two miles. Of his loss in killed and wounded I could form no estimate, but it must have been heavy. Fortunately, our casualties were unusually light compared with the success achieved, not more than 350 killed and wounded in the corps. After having provided for the safety of the corps for the night I repaired to the quarters of the commanding general to receive his orders for the operations of the morrow. These orders were to advance at daylight the following morning, the 16th, and if the enemy was still in front to attack him; but if he had retreated to pass to the eastward of the Franklin pike, to face southward, and pursue him till found.

At 11.30 p. m. of the 15th instructions were distributed to the division commanders to advance at daylight and attack the enemy if found in front of their commands; but if he should not be found to cross to the eastward of the Franklin pike and move southward parallel to it, Elliott's division leading, followed by Kimball's, then Beatty's. At 6 a. m. ont he 16th instant the corps commenced to move toward the Franklin pike. The movement at once developed the enemy in our front, and sharp skirmishing commenced immediately. The enemy was steadily driven back, and at 8 a. m. we gained possession of the Franklin pike. The enemy's skirmishers, after being driven eastward of the pike, retreated southward. Elliott's, and Kimball's division massed near the pike in rear of Elliott's. In this order the corps advanced nearly three-quarters of a mile, when

