
two rangers or branches-the branch to the west of the Franklin pike runs from northwest to southeast; the branch to the east of the Franklin pike runs from northeast to southwest; the two branches unite in a depression, or gap, about nine miles from Nashville. The Franklin pike passes through this gap, and in it is situated the little hamlet of Brentwood. The most northern point of each branch is about five miles from Nashville. From this description it will be perceived that the general configuration of the Brentwood Hills is that of a rudely shaped V. Nashville is north of and about opposite the center of the space included between the two branches; Brentwood is at the apex. The valley inclosed between the two branches is nearly bisected by the Franklin pike. the average elevation of the Brentwood Hills above the general level of the surrounding country is about 350 feet. The surface of the Nashville basin is broken by detached hills, some of which rise to an elevation of 150 feet, with abrupt sides, densely wounded. About five miles from Nashville the Franklin pike passes along the base of one of these isolated heights, which is know as the Overton Hill. When the heavy stress which ad been put on the enemy during the forenoon of the 16th had forced him into his works, he was found to occupy a strongly entrenched line running for some distance along the base of the western branch of the Brentwood Hills; thence across the valley eastward to and across the Franklin pike, around the northern slope of the Overton Hill, about midway between its summit and base, with a retired flank, running nearly southward, prolonged along its eastern slope. This line of entrenchments was strengthened with an abatis and other embarrassments to an assault. The right of the enemy's main line rested ont he Overton Hill. A close examination of the position satisfied me that if the Overton Hill could be carried the enemy's right would be turned, his line from the Franklin pike westward would be taken in reverse, and his line of retreat along the Franklin pike and the valley leading to Brentwood commanded effectually. The capture of halt of the rebel army would almost certainly have been the guerdon of success. It was evident that the assault would be very difficult, and, if successful, would probably be attended with heavy loss; but the prize at stake was worth the hazard. early in the afternoon I began to make preparations for assaulting the hill. Owing to the openness of the country the preparatory movements could not be concealed front he enemy; in truth, from our extreme proximity to his entrenchments, they were necessarily made under the fire of his artillery. Knowing that the safety of his army depended on holding the Overton Hill to the last moment, he re-enforced the position heavily with troops drawn from his left and left center. I directed Colonel Post to reconnoiter the position closely, with the view of determine, first, the feasibility of an assault, and, secondly, to determine the most practicable point on which to direct it.

After a thorough and close reconnaissance, in which perhaps three-quarters of an hour were spent, Colonel Post reported that the position was truly formidable; that it would be very difficult to carry, but that he thought he could do it with his brigade. He further reported that an assault, in his opinion, on the northern slope of the hill held out the greatest promise of success. I ordered him to prepare his brigade for an assault immediately and to inform me when he was ready to move. I directed General Beatty, commanding Third Division, to have the First Brigade (Colonel Streight's) formed to support Colonel Post's. I further ordered Major Goodspeed, chief of artillery of the corps, to open a concentrated fire on the hill for the purpose of silencing the

