
enemy's batteries and demolishing his defenses, and to continue the fire as long as it could be done with safety to our advancing troops. The order was effectually obeyed. I also conferred with Major-General Steedman and explained to him what I intended to do. He promptly agreed to move his command forward with the assaulting brigade to cover its left; also to participate int he assault, with a view to carrying whatever might be in its front. Everything being prepared for the attack, near 3 p. m. I gave the order for the assaulting brigade to advance. This id did steadily, followed by its support. Major-General Steedman's command moved simultaneously. I will here remark that General Steedman's artillery had kept up an effective fire on the enemy's works during the interval during which the preparations for the assault were being made. The front of the assaulting force was covered with a cloud of skirmishers, who had been ordered to advance rapidly, for the purpose of drawing the fire of the enemy, as far as possible, and to annoy his artillerists, and to prevent, as much as it could be done, the working of his guns. The assaulting force was instructed to move steadily forward to within a short distance of the enemy's works, and then, by a "bold burst," ascend the steep ascent, cross the abatis, dash over the rude but strong parapet, and secure the coveted goal.

The troops were full of enthusiasm, and the splendid array in which the advance was made gave hopeful promise of success. Near the foot of the ascent the assaulting force dashed forward for the last great effort. It was welcomed with a most terrific fire of grape and canister and musketry; but its course was onward. When near, however, the enemy's works (a few of our men, stouter of limb and steadier of movement, had already entered his line) his reserves on the slope of the hill rose and poured in a fire before which no troops could live. Unfortunately, the casualties had been particularly heavy among the officers, and more unfortunately still, when he had arrived almost at the abatis, while gallantly leading his brigade, the chivalric Post was struck down by a grape-shot and his horse killed under him. The brigade-its battalions bleeding, torn, and broken-first halted and then began to retire; but there was little disorder and nothing of panic. The troops promptly halted and were readily reformed by their officers. But fore the unfortunate fall of Colonel Post, the commander of the assaulting brigade, I think the attack would have succeed. I had watched the assault with a keen and anxious gaze. It was made by troops whom I had long commanded and whom I had learned to love and admire for their noble deeds on many a hard-fought field. I had observed, with pride and exultation, the evident steady resolve with which they had received the announcement that they were lees enfants perdus. So soon as I perceived the troops begin to retire, apprehending that the enemy might attempt an offensive return, I dispatched an order to all the batteries bearing on the hill o open the heaviest possible fire so soon as their fronts were sufficiently cleared by the retiring troops to permit it. I also ordered Colonel Knefler, commanding Third Brigade, Third Division, to hold his command well in hand, ready to charge the enemy should he presume to follow our troops. Both orders were promptly obeyed, and if the enemy ever had the temerity to contemplate and offensive return, he never attempted to carry it into effect. Not a prisoner was captured from us-a fact almost unparalleled in an assault so fierce, so near to success, but unsuccessful; and no foot of ground previously won was lost. After the repulse our soldiers, white and

