
zealous, intelligent, and gallant manner in which they performed their duties, both on the field of battle in the long and arduous pursuit. I commend them to the favorable consideration of my seniors in rank and to the Government.

Major Goodspeed, chief of artillery, rendered the most valuable service on both the 15th and 16th. A battery was never required in any position that it was not promptly put there. The officers of all the batteries engaged behaved with great gallantry, as did their men. The artillery practice on both those days was splendid. Surgeon Heard, medical director, Surgeon Brumley, medical inspector, and Captain Tousley, chief of ambulances, performed their duties most satisfactorily. Ample preparation had been made in advance for the wounded, and humane and efficient care was promptly rendered them.

Lieutenant-Colonel Hayes, chief quartermaster, and Captain Hodgdon, chief commissary, performed the duties of their respective departments in a satisfactory manner.

To the officers of every grade and to the brave but nameless men in the ranks my grateful thanks for the cheerful, gallant, and effective manner in which every duty was performed are due, and are hereby officially tendered.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

Brigadier General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADDENDA.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Nashville, Tenn., December 2, 1864.

Brigadier General G. D. WAGNER,

Commanding Second Division, Fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: When General Stanley left he directed me to address you and express for him to you, and to the officers and men serving in your command, his sincere thanks and gratitude for the gallant service rendered at the battle of Franklin on the 30th of November. His would compelled him to leave you for a time, and while he did it with regret, he felt from the record you have made that in whatever position you may be called to act, under whatever circumstances you may be surrounded, you will in future, as in the past, discharge the duties devolving upon with credit to yourselves and honor to his successor and to the corps.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to General Kimball.)
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Huntsville, Ala., January 6, 1865.

OFFICERS AND SOLDIERS OF FOURTH ARMY CORPS:

You have received the commendation of his Excellency the President of the United States for your glorious deeds in the various conflicts around Nashville on the 15th and 16th ultimo. You have also received the commendation of the commanding general of the forces engaged in those conflicts, not only for your splendid achievements on the field of

