
which we did in good over, the enemy not daring to follow. My force was less than 300 men. The enemy had 1,200 men and a battery of artillery.

I have never seen officers and men behave with more gallantry than did Colonel Gober and Ogden, and their commands. In fact, it drew forth the astonishment and praise of the vandals themselves whom we were confronting.

The attack was so impetuous and spirited that the enemy ran off their wagons on the Greensburg road and made all necessary preparation for retreat. I am satisfied that had the men under my command been supplied with ammunition that, notwithstanding the disparity of numbers, we would have carried the town and routed the raiders, for when the fact was made known to me that the men were nearly out of ammunition, we had gained possession of one-third of the town.

My loss was 3 men killed and 10 wounded, and 15 horses killed. i am unable to state enemy's loss, but believe it to have been three times my own.

I fell back to the covered bridge, four miles from Liberty, and remained four troops. From that place I wrote orders to Captain McKowen, who I learned was coming up in my rear with twenty-five men, to return toward-Clinton, destroy bridges on Beaver Creek, which would probably prevent the enemy from returning by Clinton, and also detain them in case General Hodge desired to attack them. I also instructed him to collect all stragglers, picket the roads leading to the river, and in case parties made any attempt to pass cotton during the temporary occupation of the country by the enemy, to shoot the driver and teams and burn the cotton and wagons. These orders were given were given with the firm conviction that they would meet the approval of General Hodge.

Finding on inspection that my men averaged only three round of ammunition to the man, I determined to pass around Liberty and get on the east side, in order to procure ammunition from General Hodge, whom I presumed was near by.

On Saturday evening (19th) I reached the Brookhaven road. My scouts met and fired into Colonel Fonda's regiment near Liberty as he was returning from the railroad, where it appears he had been. That night (19th) I learned that the enemy were evacuation Liberty, and seeing no chance of forming a junction with General Hodge, and, more over, learning that the ordnance train had been captured and all hope of obtaining gone, I immediately commenced the pursuit of the enemy. In returning the enemy rebuilt the bridge over Beaver Creek, and after crossing destroy it. This compelled me to go twelve miles to the right to cross, united with the inclemency of the weather, prevented me from overtaking the enemy until I reached Keller's Cross-Roads. At this point my advance guard charged and stampeded the rear guard of the enemy, a regiment strong, capturing a lieutenant, 4 privates, and a wagon, with abot 100 negroes. Finding that the enemy were moving at a rapid gait, and not having ammunition enough to bring them to engagement, I placed all the ammunition in the hands of seventy-five picked men, under Major Campbell, of my regiment, and ordered him to pursue, which he did to within eight miles of Baton Rouge.

As a summary of the enemy's raid I would state that so far as I am informed they captured about 1,000 head of horses and mules, a great many negroes, 3 pieces of artillery, and between 300 and 400 prisoners;

