
battle, but for your cheerful endurance of privations and hardships, in the most inclement weather, during the long and vigorous pursuit which followed the rout of the enemy int he vicinity of Nashville. As you actual commander on the field and in the pursuit, I desire to add my commendation ot he high encomiums you have already received, and to tender you my grateful thanks for your soldierly conduct both on the field of battle and in the trying pursuit.

Without faltering, at the command of your officers, you repeatedly assaulted the enemy's strongly entrenched position, and drove him from them in confusion and dismay. When he was utterly routed and no longer durst confront you in battle, you at once commenced the most vigorous pursuit, continued it more than a hundred miles, at the most inclement season of the year, over the most miserable roads, and across deep and difficult streams, which were passed by your labor alone, and until the enemy was driven in utter disorganization across the Tennessee River. The substantial fruits of these glorious deeds were 24 pieces of artillery, 5 caissons, several stand of colors, many thousand stand of small arms, and 2,486 prisoners. Such noble services entitle you tot he lasting gratitude of the nation. Fortunately, this great success was achieved with comparatively slight loss to the corps-750 killed and wounded will cover the entire casualties of the corps in the two days' conflict.

To the friends of the gallant dead and to the wounded-and I am sure you will join me in this tribute of comradeship-I offer my sincere sympathy and condolence.

I am, respectfully, yours,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Huntsville, Ala., January 7, 1865.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE, Chief of Staff:

The number of flags captured by this corps at Franklin, 21, and at Nashville, 4; total, 25. A few of the flags were taken by officers of the Twenty-third Corps from the captors at Franklin; some were sent home by the captors.

Swords and sabers captured at Franklin, 11; at Nashville, 28; total, 39. Regimental commanders report many more swords captured and thrown away, for want of transportation, in the pursuit of Hood.

Guns captured at Nashville, 25.

Prisoners reported by the corps provost-marshal, captured at Spring Hill and Franklin, 46 commissioned officers and 572 enlisted men; captured at Nashville, 111 commissioned officers and 1,857 enlisted men; total, 2,586 prisoners.

I regret that I could not send this report sooner; it was impossible to get division reports.

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Huntsville, Ala, January 13, 1865.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Asst. Adjt. General and Chief of Staff, Dept. of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: Though the troops whose gallant conduct I desire to commend to the notice of the commanding general do not belong to my

