
command, yet as he had charged me with the duty of trying to destroy the force of the rebel General Lyon, and as the gallantry was displayed in the operations against the rebel chieftain, I deem it my duty, as it certainly is my pleasure, to make a special report of the obstinate defense made by First Lieutenant John H. Hull, One hundred and first U. S. Colored Troops, and the small detachment under his command. Lieutenant Hull, with a detachment of fifty-four colored recruits, was ordered on the 7th instant to Scottsborough, on Memphis and Charleston Railroad, to guard the water-tanks and depot. During the afternoon of the 8th Lieutenant Hull found the enemy advancing on him in heavy force. Retiring to the depot, which he had loop-hulled for defense, he awaited the attack. The enemy made a vigorous assault on the north side of the depot, which was repulsed. Changing his point of attack, he assaulted the south side of the depot, only to be repulsed. Finally he attacked the west end and north side of the building, to be again more seriously repulsed than in either of the previous assaults. Lieutenant Hull reports that the enemy came up in the assaults so near that he seized the muzzles of the muskets and attempted to wrest them through the loopholes. After the third repulse the enemy retired out of musket range and opened on the depot with his artillery, two 12-pounder howitzers. this made the building untenable, when Lieutenant Hull evacuated it and led his brave little band up the side of the mountain, a distance of about 450 yards, intending there to renew the fight, but the enemy scarcely attempted to follow. After reaching the mountain Lieutenant Hull learned that a train with re-enforcements had reached one of the water-tanks, about a mile and a quarter distant. He at once concentrated his command to it, and was not followed by the enemy, who, on the contrary, retreated toward the Tennessee River. Lieutenant Hull estimates the enemy's force at 1,200, and reports having inflicted on him a loss of Colonel Oneal and 17 men killed and 45 wounded. The casualties of the gallant garrison were 2 men wounded. I think such a resolute defense against such overwhelming odds merits commendation in orders, not only as an act of justice tot he brave men who made it, but as an example to other railroad guards of what may be accomplished by a determined resistance. I am informed that the recruits under Lieutenant Hull's command had not been mustered into the service. Justice to these brave men requires that it should be done without delay.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

Numbers 11. Journal of the Fourth Army Corps.*

PULASKI, TENN.

November 14.-5 a. m., received dispatch from General Hatch, dated Taylor's Springs, November 13, 1864, 4 p. m., as follows:

The enemy moved up with infantry to Bough's Mills this morning, and after a slight skirmish fell back on the bluffs and then went into camp. Our line remains the same on Shoal Creek. The enemy's pickets and our own stand in sight of each

---------------

*Kept by Lieutenant Colonel Joseph S. Fullerton, assistant adjutant-general and chief of staff. See explanatory foot-note, Vo. XXXVIII, Part I, p. 839.

---------------

