
other the entire length of the line. Their movements this morning indicate and advance. I have ordered the roads near Shoal Creek and the Waynesborough and Florence road filled in with timber. If they do not advance this abatis will enable me to move safely by the right flank, should it be necessary for me to do so. Most of the road leading to Shoal Creek winds through deep ravines and can be obstructed with timber.

9 a. m., sent Colonel Capron's brigade of cavalry in the direction of Waynesborough, &amp;c., to see what the enemy is doing. Major-General Schofield assumes command of the U. S. forces at this place this morning. This command includes the Fourth Corps, Twenty-third Corps, and the different cavalry detachments with General Hatch's command. 6 p. m., received dispatch from General Hatch, dated Taylor's Springs, November 14, 2 a. m. He says Croxton attacked the enemy and drove his advance posts back, capturing only one prisoner. From this prisoner he learned that two attempt have been made to cross the river by Lee's corps (rebel), but the bridge was broken down twice and that the bridge would be repaired ont he night of the 13th (last night), when the whole rebel army would cross to this side. He also says that Beauregard made a speech to the army and told the troops that they were going forward-Hood to attack Nashville, and Forrest to lead a grand raid to the Ohio River. Forrest's cavalry is now coming up the Tennessee from below, to cross to Florence.

November 15.- Nothing of importance this morning. 2 p. m., received dispatch from General Hatch (sent to General Schofield) stating that some of his men report that a heavy force of the enemy's infantry and cavalry is at present advancing on the old military road, the road leading from Florence to Columbia. The defensive works of this place are now about completed.

November 16.- 8 a. m., General Hatch reports to General Schofield that the movement of the enemy yesterday was only a reconnaissance, and that there is only on corps of the enemy now on this side of the river. Nothing further of interest to-day.

November 17.- 10 a. m., General Schofield sends word that General Hatch reports that he attacked and drove back the enemy's pickets yesterday, taking a few prisoners. The prisoners report that another rebel corps has crossed to this side of the river; that the third and last corps was to cross last night (November 16), and that Forrest's cavalry, 10,000 strong, is also across and is near Florence. Nothing further of importance to-day. Rain commenced to fall on the 15th, and it has been raining ever since. The roads are in a miserable condition.

November 18.- 5 p. m., nothing further of importance. General Hatch reports that there is no change in his front, and that the enemy is still trying to cross the river. Last night he sent two men down the river to cut the ropes of the enemy's pontoons. (They went down in canoes.) They succeeded, reached the bridge in the night, and cut some of the ropes while the enemy was crossing. The bridge has since been repaired. General H[atch] now says that there is but one brigade of Forrest's cavalry on this side of the river. Still raining.

November 19.- Nothing of importance or unusual to-day. Rain continued through the day until about 9 p. m., when it ceased.

November 20.- 1 p. m., General Schofield sends word that General Hatch reports that Forrest's cavalry is moving north from Florence, on the old military road. His right brigade attacked Buford's division (of Forrest's cavalry) and drove it back, when Buford was largely re-enforced, and compelled this brigade to fall back to this side of Shoal Creek. All of Hatch's cavalry is now on this side of Shoal Creek. It is probable that Forrest is marching for the railroad between this place and

