
Columbia; and General Schofield directs General Stanley to send a division of infantry to Lynnville in the morning. Lynnville is about thirteen miles north of Pulaski, on the railroad. 2 p. m., General Wagner is directed to take his division to Lynnville to-morrow; to start early in the morning. It has been raining almost during the entire day.

November 21.- 6 a. m., received instructions from Major-General Schofield not to send Wagner's division to Lynnville this morning. A dispatch was captured by General Hatch last night, stating that Forrest would move his cavalry, starting on Monday morning. The first snow-storm of the season this morning; growing quite cold. 6.45 p. m., received note from General Schofield, of which the following is a copy:

PULASKI, TENN., November 21.

Major-General STANLEY:

General Hatch's report just received leaves no doubt of Hood's advance. He was last night about twenty miles from Florence-one corps ont he Waynesborough road and one ont he Lawrenceburg road; the third was only six miles out from Florence. Hood must be going to Columbia or west of that. We will have to move accordingly without delay. Have your quartermaster send all surplus stores to Columbia at once, and make all preparations to withdraw entirely from this place by Wednesday morning, the 23rd. Let Wagner march to Lynnville to-morrow morning; Cox will precede him.

7 p. m., directed General Wagner to march his division to Lynnville to-morrow morning-Second Division, Fourth Corsp. Very cold to-night; freezing.

November 22.- 7 a. m., Wagner's division started for Lynnville. 9 a. m., General Schofield send word that he had just received a dispatch from Colonel Capron, who has been to Lawrenceburg (went there from Mount Pleasant), and that he can hear nothing of Hood; does not think he is advancing. 4 p. m., General Hatch's report received from Lawrenceburg, stating that no force of the enemy has yet come near that place. cold all day; freezing; very cold to-night.

November 23.- 8 a. m., received dispatch from General Schofield, of which the following is a copy:
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Pulaski, Tenn., November 23, 1864-7.30 a. m.

Major-General STANLEY,

Commanding Fourth Corps:

The general commanding directs me to inform your he has information from General Hatch, dated 11 p. m. yesterday, which leaves little doubt that Hood is advancing, his infantry advance being in Lawrenceburg last night. Forrest striking for the railroad, and may possibly reach it to-day. General Schofield will go to Lynnville this morning, and he desires you to have all the railroad trains loaded and started tot he rear at as early an hour this a. m. as possible, and also to have your whole command in readiness to march to Lynnville this p. m. should it become necessary.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

8.30 a. m., sent directions to division commanders to be ready to move for Lynnville at noon. The railroad trains are being loaded as fast as possible. 2 p. m., the First and Second Divisions, Fourth Corps, start for Lynnville; also, all little detachments left at Pulaski, except Colonel Waters' brigade- Third Brigade, First Division- which will leave at 3 o'clock to-morrow morning, and will cover our trains, artillery, &c. 2.15 p. m., received a dispatch from General Hatch, who reports the enemy's infantry moving through Lawrenceburg toward Columbia. He has just heard from one of this spies, who has been in the enemy's

