
back toward Franklin; also to send one brigade up the river to see whether the enemy is crossing, as reported by General Wilson, and if so, to check him and hold him there as long as possible. In accordance with the above, orders were at once given for the movement. 8.45 a.m., the Second Division and First Division start for Spring Hill, the Second leading. All of our trains will follow. General Wood's division will remain behind, and General W[ood] will report to General Schofield for orders until he joins the rest of the corps. Two batteries remain with Wood, the rest go to Spring Hill. 9 a. m., General Woods sends Colonel Post's brigade up the river, to ascertain whether the enemy is crossing his infantry, and to check him if he is. 11.30 a. m., received dispatch from General Schofield stating that General Wood has found the enemy's infantry ont he north side of Duck River. It commenced to cross last night and is now crossing. 11.30 a. m., received a report from some cavalry soldiers, who state that Buford's division of the enemy's cavalry are approaching Spring hill from the east, and that it is now near the town. Our head of column is now two miles and a half from Spring Hill. 12.30 p. m., our head of column reaches Spring Hill just in time to meet the enemy's advance. A regiment of infantry and a cavalry regiment that has been in line east of Spring Hill and covering the Franklin and Columbia pike is just being driven in. General Schofield has detained Kimball's division (First Division, Fourth Corps) at Rutherford's Creek. 1 p. m., General Wagner's flankers, acting as skirmishers, have just driven the advancing enemy back. A line of battle is formed as follows: Opdycke's brigade faces northeast, its left resting on the Franklin pike north of the town; Lane's brigade connects with Opdycke's and faces east; Bradley's brigade connects with Lane's, facing in an easterly direction and sweeping around toward the pike south of the town-the line of battle generally about one mile from town. 4 p. m., the last of the wagon train, which followed Wagner's division, is now coming into town. The enemy has been skirmishing with us ever since we took position, and has made several attacks upon our line, which were feeble and repulsed. 5 p. m., our right-Bradley's brigade-is just driven back, and it reforms in the outskirts of town. 5.30, skirmishing still continuing, but it is growing so dark that the enemy has ceased to press us much. It is now discovered that he has infantry as well as cavalry. 6.30 p. m., General Schofield arrives with part of General Ruger's division (Twenty-third Corps), and Whitaker's brigade following. He had considerable skirmishing along the right of the road as he approached town. He captured a few prisoners, among whom is Captain ---, assistant adjutant-general in Cleburne's division, Cheatham's corps. He, as well as other prisoners, report that Cleburne's division attacked us in part this evening. General Schofield reports that the enemy's infantry has been moving this way all day. Thompson's Station, three miles north of this place, ont eh Franklin pike, is in possession of the enemy. The troops of Kimball's, Wood's, and Cox's division will leave Columbia at about dusk. Take it all together, we are in a very bad situation. General Wilson's cavalry not heard from; it is supposed Forrest has driven him back. 9 p. m., General Schofield started from Spring Hill to force a passage, if possible, at Thompson's Station (tree miles north of Spring Hill), if the enemy still holds that place. 11 p. m., General Cox arrived with his division from in front of Columbia. He has had hard work there, trying to keep the enemy on the south side of the river. He had his own and Wood's and Kimball's divisions. About 1,500 of the enemy succeeded in crossing and in laying a pontoon bridge. There was fighting at the river all day. 11.30 p. m., General Schofield returned

