
from Thompson's Station. The enemy had withdrawn from there, leaving only pickets. General Ruger's brigade halted there. 11.40 p. m., General Schofield ordered General Cox to move his division for Franklin; Ruger's brigade to go with him from Thompson's Station; for the wagon train to follow Cox; Wood's and Kimball's divisions to follow the wagon train; and for Wagner's division to remain where it is, at Spring Hill, until everything has passed, then to move, covering the rear of the army. Cox is now moving, and Wood and Kimball following. We lost in Wagner's division about 250 men in killed and wounded to-day.

SPRING HILL, TENN.

November 30,- 1 a. m., General Cox's division now out of the way, and our trains start for Franklin; have about 500 wagons in the train. General Wood's division also starts, moving along on the right of the road. As soon as the train reached a point two miles and a half north of Spring Hill it was attacked by the rebel cavalry. Repeated attacks were made upon the train at the same point and at a point half a mile farther north until toward daylight, when Generals Wood's and Kimball's skirmishers drove the attacking cavalry away. These attacks so delayed the train that the rear of it did not leave Spring Hill until nearly daylight. 2 a. m., General Kimball's division leaves Spring Hill. 4 a. m., General Wagner's division, covering our column, leaves,a nd his pickets were withdrawn at daylight. Colonel Opdycke's brigade, of Wagner's division, acted as skirmishers in falling back. The services rendered by it were of signal benefit. the enemy followed and made repeated attacks, but Colonel Opdycke repulsed each one handsomely. He also succeeded in bringing into Franklin the great number of broken-down soldiers and stragglers left on the road. For three or four night and days the troops of this corps have been marching and digging, and they are now almost exhausted for want of rest. 9 a. m., the head of our column reaches Franklin. Our march has been much impeded by the wagon train and delayed by the skirmishing. 12 m., Colonel Opdycke reaches the high knoll two miles from Franklin; there he halts, and General Wagner is ordered to hold him in this position and support him with his other two brigades until he is seriously threatened by a superior force of infantry. 1 p. m., General Schofield sends word that the enemy is trying to cross Harpeth River, a few miles above the town, and that he has driven back Croxton's brigade of cavalry. He therefore wishes General Wood, who has just crossed to the north side of Harpeth, at Franklin, to watch the trains (which are on the same side of the river), and to drive back the enemy if he makes an attempt to get them. Harpeth River is fordable at almost every point. 1 p. m., General Wagner reports two large columns of the enemy's infantry approaching Colonel Opdycke's position, moving on the Lewisburg and Columbia pikes, and as he cannot successfully resist the forces, he is moving his division to within the bridge-head constructed by General Cox around the town of Franklin. 2.50 p. m., General Schofield sends word that the enemy's infantry is trying to force a crossing at Hughes' Mill, about three miles north of Franklin, and he wishes General Stanley to send a force of infantry to that point, to assist in retarding or preventing his crossing. 3 p. m. General Wood is directed to send a brigade of infantry at once to Hughes' Mill, to assists the command there in holding the enemy, preventing him

