
that the enemy advance by roads which were left wholly unguarded; that, to the best of my belief, they could have been kept back by the determined resistance of a column of 500 resolute men.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

J. S. SCOTT,

Colonel First Louisiana Cavalry.

Major P. ELLIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Jackson, Miss.

Numbers 5. Report of Colonel Daniel Gober, Sixteenth Louisiana Infantry, commanding mounted infantry.
HEADQUARTERS GOBER'S COMMAND,Near Centreville, November 24, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 45, dated at headquarters Southwest Mississippi and East Louisiana October 20, received at Nebo Church, I moved with my command from that point, as directed, to William's Bridge, establishing my encampment between the plantations of Messrs. Williams and Senwin, east bank of the Amite river, October 21. The same order required that I should establish a line of couriers to Clinton, La., and communicate by that route with district headquarters with which requirement I complied by establishing courier post at Mrs. Brown's, six miles from my camp, on Clinton and Williams' Bridge road, through which forwarded all communications.

On the 24th of October I received an order, dated headquarters district, ten miles from Clinton, October 22, 7 p. m. reading as follows.*

In obedience to above order I immediately sent forward Norwood's squadron to take post at Spiller's Church and to guard all roads leading from Baton Rouge to that point.

On the 10th of November I ordered Lieutenant Underwood, commanding Company I of my regiment, to relieve Captain Norwood at the same point and with same instructions. On the evening of the 12th of November, at about 7.30 o'clock, a body of the enemy moved on Lieutenant Underwood, attempting to capture him by deception. Their advance guard were dressed in gray informs, and when challenged by the vedettes, replied they were friends. This failed however and receiving timely notice of their approach, sent information to district headquarters by route designated in Special Orders, Numbers 45, and held my command in readiness to act, as directed, second order, dated October 22. On Sunday evening, November 13, Captain Ambrose, with Company F of my regiment,having relieved Lieutenant Underwood, was ordered by me to fall back from Spiller's Church and take post at Merritt's to prevent being cut off should enemy cross at Stony Point, they having crossed on previous evening at Burlington, four miles lower down. No demonstration, however, was made on part of enemy that day. At about 11 p. m. I received a communication from Numbers 4, giving information of general movement contemplated by the enemy upon the entire line, which communication I forwarded at once to district headquarters. Up to this time I had received no information from west side of river, the pickets at Sandy Creek bridge having retired to Sam. Lee's without notifying me of the fact, leaving the road to Stony Point

