
with at least 20,000 men; this development was shown-two corps of infantry. 9 a. m., pickets report that the enemy is relieving his troops that have been engaged to-day, and are substituting other for them. The skirmish firing, &amp;c., still kept us. 10 p. m., some houses set on fire in Franklin, supposed to have been done by the enemy in order to show them any attempt we might make to retreat. With difficulty the fire was put out by midnight. 12 midnight, the troops commenced to withdraw, according to order. Word sent to Brentwood to send to Brentwood to send all trains and material to Nashville. General Schofield received a dispatch from Major-General Thomas, stating that part of General A. J. Smith's troops and part of General Steedman's will be in Brentwood in the morning. Unless these troops get in position at Brentwood by 6 o'clock in the morning we will have to fall back to Nashville very probably.

The Fourth Corps lost in killed and wounded and a few prisoners, about 2,300 men to-day. The enemy lost at least 5,000. A rebel colonel who was taken prisoner to-day, states that Hood told his men to-day that if they could force our lines of works at Franklin and drive us through the town, that their work was done, and there would not be anything to prevent them from going to the Ohio River. Hence the desperate assaults. He also said that there was a corps of rebel infantry and a division of cavalry at Spring Hill yesterday evening, and that the left flank of this infantry corps rested only about 600 yards from the turnpike along which the troops of this army (except Wagner's division, which fought the enemy in the afternoon, and which was in Spring Hill) passed. This was known to us at the time, and therefore great anxiety was felt as the troops marched past this point. An attack was contently expected. Our whole march from Pulaski has been a race with the enemy and very perilous. For full particulars of battle of Franklin see official reports.

FRANKLIN, TENN.

December 1.-12.30 a. m., the troops of this corps commenced to withdraw from the line in front of Franklin, Wagner's division (Second) first, then Kimball's division (First), and to cross the Harpeth River. Colonel Streight's brigade, of Wood's division (Third), which was north of the Harpeth, was posted on the north bank thereof to cover the crossing. It was the intention to withdraw the troops at 12 midnight or earlier, but some buildings were fired in the town (it is supposed by the enemy's sympathizers), which lighted the country for miles around, and thus prevented the withdrawal until the fires were put out. 2 a. m., the picket-line reaches the north bank of the Harpeth, and the pontoon and railroad bridges are fired. As soon as the flames were discovered, the enemy opened his artillery upon Streight's brigade, on the north bank of the Harpeth, and our retreating pickets. The enemy did not follow us immediately; it is supposed he was too badly crippled in the action to-day to do so. 10 a. m., arrive at Nashville, and the troops go into line of battle and rest in position. On account of the great fatigue no work will be done to-day. 5 a. m., a small body of the enemy's cavalry approached our vedettes and was driven off. General Wilson's cavalry has now reached the vicinity of our position, south of Nashville. General Steedman with 5,000 men and General A. J. Smith's force are at Nashville.

