
NASHVILLE, TENN.

December 2.-9. a. m., the troops of Fourth Corps take a new position and go into line of battle on a series of ridges running north of west about west of south; the troops are all in one line. On the left of the corps is the Twenty-third Corps; on the right is General A. J. Smith's command. The left of our line is a few hundred yards east of the Granny White pike-Kimbah's division is on the left, then Woods' division, then Wagner's. Wilson's cavalry is crossing the Cumberland River to-day, to remain on the north bank, watch the enemy, and prevent him from crossing. There is also a fleet of iron-clad gun-boats now in the river, also watching to prevent the enemy from crossing. 1 p. m., General Stanley turns over to General Wood the command of the corps. His wound is very painful, and he starts North on account of it this evening. General Wood turns over to General Beatty (one of his brigade commanders) the command of his division. 2.30 p. m., the enemy's infantry approach to within about a mile and a half of our present line, and can now be seen deploying in line of battle; about two divisions can be seen. We at once made preparations to receive an attack. 6 p. m., the enemy drew not advance; has not advanced from the position where he was first seen. 6.30 p. m., orders have been given to division commanders to intrench our position, to throw up parapets to-night, and make epaulements for batteries.

December 3.-Last night the enemy made quite an advance, and constructed a line of breast-works in front of the entire line of this corps, and extending beyond the right and left of it. In front of Streight's about 600 yards form our works, and along the crest of if for about one regimental front they have thrown up strong breast-works. Their line on the right and left of this is there much refused, and runs in such directions that it is at least one mile front our extreme right and left. This ridge is about opposite our center, and Colonel Streight occupies the ridge opposite it, of about the same height. 6 a. m., batteries are placed on Colonel Streight's front (two batteries), and we opened fire upon the enemy's works opposite. The batteries along the front of the Third Division and part of the First Division are also directed to fire upon the enemy's works. Brigadier-General Elliott has been assigned to the Second Division of this corps, and he takes command of it to-day. General Wagner, who has been commanding it, resumes command of his brigade-Second Brigade of the same division. 2 p. m., the pickets in front of our left are driven in by the enemy, who makes quite a show of an advance, displaying several lines of battle. After considerable skirmishing he advances a very short distance, where he remains until nearly dark and then falls back. He may intend to attack us at daylight to-morrow. Our artillery has kept up quite as teddy fire upon the enemy all day. The enemy has not yet reapplied with artillery.

December 4.-No change in the enemy's or our lines to-day. We have been firing at the enemy's lines with artillery during the day and he has not yet replied. It is supposed he has not much artillery ammunition with him.

December 5.-No change in the enemy's lines to-day, except that his works may not be quite so full of troops as they were yesterday. We still keep up our artillery firing, and have been making observations to see whether there is a point in the enemy's lines that we can attack

