
with a change of success. Major-General Couch was assigned to duty with this corps, in accordance with orders from headquarters Department of the Cumberland. He reported to-day. As he ranks General Wood he will command the corps, but he refuses to exercise command yet.

December 6.-Nothing of importance to-day. The enemy is still strengthening his works. We still keep up our artillery fire. The enemy replied with a few shots from two guns opposite the knoll held by Colonel Streight's brigade. Major-General Couch assigned to the Twenty-third Corps to-day; leaves General Wood in command of the Fourth Corps.

December 7.-The enemy is moving a force to his left, opposite General A. J. Smith's command, and he is constructing works extending in the same direction. 2 p. m., General Thomas directed General Wood to discover, by observation or pressing forward our picket-line, whether the enemy is yet in strength opposite us. Division commanders report that the enemy yet occupies the works opposite our front in the same strength as yesterday, if not in greater. This fact is reported to General Thomas. Observations have been made to-day to find some point in the enemy's line of works that we can assault. An assault will be made by the Fourth Corps as soon as the troops can get ready-within a few days.

December 8.-Last night the enemy extended his lines to his left, a short distance beyond the position he held at dark, and constructed there a line of breast-works. 12.15 p. m., the enemy force back the skirmish line of the Twenty-third Corps, just where it join the skirmish line of the First Division of this corps. This caused part of our skirmish line on our left to fall back a short distance. The enemy's skirmishers followed up closely, but they were driven back and our original skirmish line re-established. 3 p. m., it has been decided to attack the enemy at daylight on the morning of the 10th instant. An assault will be made by the Second Division of this corps upon that part of the enemy's lines opposite Streight's brigade, Third Division, just northeast of the Hillsborough pike. The Second Division will be supported by the rest of the corps, save one brigade to be left in our works. general A. J. Smith's column will follow up the assault and cover our right flank, and the cavalry will follow up General Smith.

December 9.-9. a. m., heavy storm of rain, snow, and sleet. It has been impossible to observe the movements of the enemy this morning on account of the state of the atmosphere. 10 a. m., a deserter came into our lines; he reports that Hood is making preparations for a movement. 2 p. m., received a dispatch from General Thomas, of which the following is a copy;
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Nashville, Tenn., December 9, 1864.

Owing to the severity of the storm raging to-day it is found necessary to postpone the operations designed for to-morrow morning until the breaking up of the storm. I desire, however, that everything be put in condition to carry out the plan contemplated as soon as the weather will permit [it] to be done, so that we can act instantly when the storm clears away. Acknowledge receipt.

G. H. THOMAS,Major-General.

Nothing of importance occurred along our lines to-day. There has been much picket-firing. The day has been quite cold.

December 10.-There is no apparent change in the enemy's lines this morning. The same force appears to be opposite us, and the enemy is

