
still working on his parapets, strengthening them. The snow and sleet that fell yesterday is yet on the ground. It is almost impossible to move over it either on horseback or on foot. 2.50 p. m., received a note from General Thomas asking General Wood-

What is the condition of the ground between the enemy's line and your own? Is it practicable for men to move about on it with facility?

3 p. m., replied to General Thomas' note, stating that the ground is covered with a heavy sleet, which would make the handling of troops difficult, if not impracticable; from the condition of the ground an offensive movement would be feeble, &amp;c. The enemy is working on a new and interior line of works this evening. The line appears to be almost parallel to the first line and about half a mile in the rear of it.

December 11.10 a.m., there is a meeting of corps commanders at General Thomas' headquarters. It is decided that we cannot attack the enemy with any show of success until the weather moderates and the snow and sleet now on the ground thaws. The ground is yet covered with a cake of ice, and it is very difficult to move over it. The weather still continues very cold-below the freezing point. There is no change in the appearance of the enemy's lines-except that he is still working on his interior line-the new one he is constructing. Considerable picket-firing to-day; no artillery firing. General Grant has been insisting for several days that General Thomas must attack the enemy. This will be done as soon as the weather will permit. 10 p. m., received dispatch, of which the following is a copy:

Brigadier-General WOOD:

Have your command put in readiness to-morrow for operations. I wish to see you at my headquarters at 3 p. m. to-morrow.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

It is very cold to-night and clear.

December 12.-The sun shines bright this morning, but it is yet very cold. The enemy is yet digging and throwing up works in our front of General A. J. Smith's works and in rear of his (the enemy's) flank work. Batteries placed at this point will command the Hillsborough and, perhaps, the Hardin pikes. 3 p. m, at a meeting of corps commanders at General Thomas' headquarters it is decided that we cannot move to attack the enemy or to demonstrate until the ice and sleet that yet covers the ground thaws. Considerable picket-firing to-day. No change within the enemy's lines discovered.

December 13.-No change to-day. It is yet quite cold, but the wind is from the southeast. 5 p. m., growing quite warm, and the ice is throwing. Usual picket-firing to-day. The enemy's second, or interior, line appeared better mannered (more troops) than heretofore.

December 14.-7 a. m., the ice and sleet has all disappeared this morning. The ground is very muddy and there is a heavy fog. 11 a. m., owing to the heavy fog nothing can be seen of the enemy's lines this morning. 12.30 p .m., received a note from General Thomas, directing that preparations be made for a move as per previous arrangements, and that General Wood meet him at his headquarters at 3 p. m. The following is a sketch of our lines (of the Fourth Corps) and the rebel lines as they appear.* The usual picket-firing to-day. It has grown quite warm, and the ground is turning very muddy. Has been very foggy all day. The conference at General Thomas' headquarters

---------------

*Sketch does no appear.

---------------

