
sion. The corps is formed parallel with the pike (on east side), our right connecting with General Smith and our left resting about half a mile from the first rebel works our from Nashville. The enemy has barricaded his front on the Nashville pike, and we are skirmishing with him. 8 p. m, call at General Thomas' headquarters. He directs that if the enemy has not gone from our front in the morning to attack him; if he has gone, to cross the Franklin pike, move down the east side of it, while Schofield moves on the pike, followed by General Smith's command. The cavalry will move to the right of General Smith, perhaps on the Granny White pike. 11.30 p. m., directed division commanders to move at daylight in the morning, in accordance with General Thomas' instructions; if the enemy has gone, General Elliott to lead, followed by Kimball, then Beatty; if the enemy has not gone, to attack him.

We have lost about 350 killed and wounded to-day (Fourth Corps); no prisoners. Have taken near 500 prisoners and 8 guns, besides a small amount of small-arms, &amp;c., and carried the enemy's works in two places by assault. There has been very heavy firing all day since 1 p. m. It is reported to-night that the army captured 26 guns and 1,500 prisoners to-day.

December 16.-6 a. m., the enemy appears on our front in considerable force. Skirmishing commences. 6.30 a. m., we drive the enemy's skirmishers and advance toward the Franklin pike. 8 a. m., gain possession of the Franklin pike, driving the enemy's skirmishers. They retreat down the pike, southward. If is supposed the enemy has been retreating in this direction during the night-toward Brentwood. As soon as the dispositions indicated in orders last night were made General Elliott pushed his column ahead down the east side of the Franklin pike. He did not move more than half a mile when he met a strong line of the enemy's skirmishers. He at once deployed and tried to form connection on his right with General Smith. General Beatty formed on his left, deployed in two lines of battle, and General Kimball's division deployed in his rear. The enemy now occupies a strong line of steep hills that run across the pike, almost at right angles, four miles north of Brentwood. The pike runs through a gap in these hills. They have constructed a new and strong line of works covering this gap and quite a distance in front of it. On the left of the pike, facing south, the line of works runs over a high and strong ridge. This line also extends beyond our right and past General A. J. Smith's front. 10 a. m., General Smith does not reach within half a mile of our right, and General Kimball's division is put in to fill up the gap. 10.15 a. m., we advance about three-quarters of a mile, driving back the enemy's skirmishers, and we can advance no farther without assaulting the enemy's works. Our skirmishing now is very heavy and severe. 12.25 p. m., Major-General Steedman's command moves up and connects with us on our left. Generals Kimball and Elliott report the enemy moving from behind their works, past their front, toward our left. They must be massing on either side of the pike, and especially on the ridge on the left of the pike, looking south 1 p. m., General Beatty is directed to reconnoiter and see whether this ridge or hill on the left of the pike, with the enemy's works, can be ridge or hill on the left of pike, with the enemy's works, can be carried by assault. At 2 p. m. Colonel Post, who made a personal reconnaissance, said that he could take it with his brigade. He was at once ordered to do so. 2.45 p. m., Colonel Post assaults the hill (or ridge), supported by Colonel Streight's brigade of same division-Third. The assault was made with great vigor (General Steedman covered our

