
left flank), but was unsuccessful. Part of the troops got into the enemy's works, but the fire was so heavy that they could not stay. The enemy had here massed the troops that he had drawn from his left, opposite General Smith. Colonel Post was badly wounded, perhaps mortally. Our loss in the assault, in killed and wounded, about 450. The troops were very successfully drawn back to the point from where they started; the enemy did not follow. 3.40 p. m., General Smith carried the works on the enemy's extreme left. This being observed, Generals Beatty, Elliott, and Kimball were at once ordered ot move forward and assault the enemy's works in their fronts. They moved forward almost simultaneously-first, Kimball; second, Elliott; third, Beatty. They carried the enemy's works handsomely, capturing over 700 prisoners and 9 guns. Kimball captured 5 guns, Beatty, 4. Post's brigade, assisted by Knefler's (of Third Division), again assaulted the hill on the left of the pike (looking south), capturing the 4 guns and quite a number of prisoners. During the first assault these four guns did much execution, firing double-shorted canister at our men, close range. As soon as the works were taken we pushed forward in line of battle, driving the enemy's rear guard, and at dark reached a point about a mile from Brentwood. The enemy used his ammunition very freely to-day. His artillery firing was heavy and very accurate. The artillery firing of this corps was very heavy. We expended 2,400 rounds of ammunition, from eighteen guns. We have lost during the day about 700 killed and wounded; no prisoners. We have captured 979 prisoners and 11 guns. The army to day captured --- guns and about --- prisoners. 12.30 p. m, received instructions from Major-General Thomas to move the Fourth Corps in the "present order," to-morrow," in pursuit of the enemy. Your wagon trains will follow the troops in the order of precedence. Major-General Wilson's command of cavalry will be on the left of and cover your left flank."

December 17.-6 a. m., directed division commanders to move forward as soon as they can get ready (they will not be able to move before 8 a. m.) General Kimball to take the right, General Elliott the center, and General Beatty the left; the formation to be one brigade in each division deployed, followed by the rest of the troops in columns; if the enemy is met in force, to deploy another brigade in each division; to advance down the Franklin pike. 8 a. m., started in accordance with orders. Wilson's cavalry started ahead of us, on the Franklin, on the north bank of the river, with the head of column. General Wilson's cavalry has just crossed. The stream is too much swollen to admit of the passage of just crossed. The stream is too much swollen to admit of the passage of infantry, and there are no brigades. 2 p. m., Colonel Suman, Ninth Indiana, with his regiment, is directed to bridge the river (Harpeth). It is doubtful whether he will succeed in putting one up, as the river is rising rapidly. 4 p. m, General Wilson's cavalry is skirmishing heavily with the enemy, who is drawn up in line of battle about there miles beyond Franklin. 5 p. m, General Thomas directs General Wood to cross the river as soon as the pontoon bridge comes up and is laid across the river, or as soon as Suman builds his bridge, if it can be done. 7 p. m., Colonel Suman reports that the river is rising very rapidly, and he will not be able to build the bridge, but will continue work upon it. 8 p. m., General Wilson has just sent a report to General Thomas, stating that he has "bust up" Stevenson's division of infantry and one brigade of cavalry, capturing three guns, &amp;c.; he said his cavalry made some splendid charges. 10 p. m., General

