
Thomas directs that "the army will move in pursuit of the enemy, in the present order of the different commands, at as early and hour after daylight as possible to-morrow morning, December 18." He also states that the pontoon train will not be up before morning.

FRANKLIN, TENN.

December 18.-7.30 a. m., Colonel Suman reports that he has ben working all night, and has just finished the bridges; the river rose so fast that he could scarcely work, and his bridge was once washed out. 7.30 a. m., orders once sent to division commanders to move at once--Kimball to lead, followed by General Elliott, then Beatty; battery of artillery to follow each division, and the rest of artillery to follow the corps; then ammunition trains, then hospital train, and then headquarters trains and regimental baggage; the troops will march down the Franklin pike. 8 a. m., leave Franklin; had of our column just starting. 3 p. m., head of column reaches Spring Hill. The mud is very deep, and it has been raining hard up to this hour since 8 a. m.; rain now ceasing. General Wilson's cavalry has met the enemy's rare guard about two miles beyond Spring Hill and is now skirmishing with him. 3 p. m., received note from General Wilson, of which the following is a copy:
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Widow Sayers', December 18, 1864-2 p. m.

Brigadier General T. J. WOOD,Commanding Fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I have halted my command at this place, about two miles from Spring Hill, to feel and issue rations, &amp;c. I am informed that the enemy has two pontoon bridges across the Duck River, near the old wagon brigade. A little girl, who has just arrived from Tuscumbia, which place three days ago, says she saw no troops at that place or this side. Persons say that Hood cannot get across the Tennessee River, as our forces at Memphis had repaired that railroad as far as La Grange, and were marching out to attack him in flank.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

At once sent back word to General Wilson that the Fourth Corps would move up at once, and the head of column is now at Spring Hill. 3.40 p. m., arrive with head of column at General Wilson's present headquarters, two miles from Spring Hill. General Wilson's command has here halted. He will leave the pike and move to the left from here. Our column halts here a few minutes . 4.15 p. m., we move on; will move about one mile farther, and then camp for the night. The enemy's rear guard but a short distance ahead; it ran rapidly whenever it was approached by the cavalry. 4..45 p. m., reach a point about three miles and a half from Rutherford's Creek and seven miles from Columbia. Here we go into camp in line of battle-the First Division on the right of the road, the Second Division on the left, facing south, and the Third Division massed in rear of the Second. 9 p.m., reported our position to General Thomas. 12 midnight, no orders have yet been received for to-morrow.

The enemy is very much demoralized. About one-third of what remains of Hood's army is without arms and as many are without shoes. Thus far we (the army) have taken from them over 30 pieces of artillery and a large number of prisoners, perhaps 9,000 up to date, including the captured hospital. Hood's trains are two days ahead of him. He has but a very few pieces of artillery left. Forrest, it is supposed, joined

