
him with one division of cavalry and two brigades of infantry that he has had at Murfreesborough, part of the same force General Roussseau whipped a few days ago. The rest of Forrest's cavalry is in our front. Wilson has been driving it to-day, together with Cheatham's corps that has ben acting as rear guard to-day. We (the army) have captured four general officers up to date.

SEVEN MILES NORTH OF COLUMBIA, TENN.

December 19.-1 a. m., received instructions from Major-General Thomas to continue our pursuit of the enemy to-morrow and to start at about 8 a. m. 2 a.m., received a note from General Wilson, stating that General Thomas directs that Hatch's cavalry division preceded us on the Columbia road, and that it will move out at 6 a. m., and will not be in our way. 8 a. m., start for Rutherford's Creek. General Hatch's cavalry is still passing and interferes much with the movements of our troops. the rain that commenced on the afternoon of the 16th still continues. It is raining very hard this morning. The ground is in such condition that a wagon cannot possibly move off of the pike, and it is almost impossible to march infantry off of it. 9.30 a. m., reach the north bank of Rutherford's Creek. The cavalry advance reaches the creek before us, and is now engaged in skirmishing with the enemy on the opposite bank. The bridge has been destroyed and the enemy holds a high and commanding line of hills on the south side, near to and running parallel with the creek. Here he has constructed earthworks. As soon as our advance appeared he opened from these works a four gun battery. HE has lined the bank with sharp shooters, and we cannot build a bridge at the turnpike crossing on account of them and the artillery. The rains have so swollen this creek that it is impossible to ford it, being fifteen feet deep in most places. The pontoon train has not yet come up and we can hear nothing of it. 10 a. m., parties are sent above and below the turnpike and the position held by the enemy to fell trees across the creek, so that we may cross skirmishers, then a working party to build infantry foot bridges. 2 p. m., there are not trees on the bank large enough to reach across, and those that have been cut have been swept around by the very swift current. We have not the tools to build a bridge that wagons can cross on. 3 p. m., General Elliott directed to try and build a foot bridge near the turnpike, after driving back the enemy's sharpshooters by a fire from this side, and to work after dark. Similar instructions given to General Kimball to build a bridge below and not far from the turnpike. The rain still continues to fall very fast and the creek is yet rising rapidly. 11.30 p. m., received a note from General Elliott saying that it will be impossible to build a bridge over the creek; the water is too deep and swift, and still continues to rise. 12 m., the rain has ceased now, and it is blowing up quite cold. At 12.30 p. m. on order was received from General Thomas saying that, owning to the inclemency of the weather, we need not move camp to-day. This note was dated 8.20 a.m ., but we had reached Rutherford's Creek when we received it.

RUTHERFORD'S CREEK, TENN.

December 20.-1 a. m.l, General Kimball reports that General Grose cannot build the bridge below the turnpike; the stream is too deep and swift. He build two rafts and tried to cross men to the other bank, but

