
both rafts were swamped by the swift current, and two men who were on them were drowned. 3 a. m., received a dispatch from General Thomas, dated December 19, 9 p. m., saying:

If at all possible you will push forward your command across Rutherford's Creek to-morrow morning and move directly against Forrest, who is said to be in camp between Rutherford's Creek and Duck River with about 7,000 cavalry. General Wilson will cross General Hatch's division of cavalry on the ruins of the railroad bridge and strike Forrest on the flank, whilst you attack him in front. Confer with General Wilson and arraign the relative time of starting the two columns. General Smith will co-operate with you by moving from Spring Hill, by a road crossing the headwaters of Rutherford's Creek and passing the school-house and church at A. Atkinson's and coming into the Columbia and Raleigh [Rally] Hill road near J. Caldwell's. Take no wagons with you except the necessary ammunition wagons and ambulances. Your supply train can be brought up afterward.

Inclosed in this order was a note from General Wilson, saying to General Wood:

I have taken the liberty of reading the inclosed instructions, based upon the first report sent in by Hatch to me this evening. He has subsequently moved back to the north side of Rutherford's, but reports that the thinks Forrest gone. I will direct General Hatch, however, to push out very early in the morning, and ascertain in time the true state of affairs to enable you to judge how strongly you ought to push. I don't think it necessary for Smith to leave the pike at al.

8.30 a.m., order sent to division commanders to do evening possible to get over the river. 9 a. m., General Wilson has not yet sent word of Hatch's movements to headquarters, nor has he called to confer. General Wood, therefore, goes to his headquarters. 9.30 a. m, General Kimball reports that General Grose has a few men across the creek, and that he is crossing his brigade, and will soon have a bridge that infantry can cross. 11.30 a. m., General Kimball's foot bridge done, and he is just commencing to cross his division over. General Wilson is also now crossing his cavalry over the ruins of the railroad bridge. 12.30 p. m., General Elliott has just completed his foot bridge at the turnpike crossing, and is now commencing to cross his division. General Beatty will cross his division on General Thomas thought would be up last night has not yet come as far as Rutherford's Creek. 12.45 p. m., Kimball's division reaches the turnpike and moves toward Columbia. 1 p. m., General Elliott's division over the creek and following Kimball's. 1.30 p. m., Beatty's division over the creek and following Elliott. 2 p. m., our head of column reaches Duck River; part of the cavalry command is also there. The enemy has left Columbia; his infantry left, the last of it, last night. Forrest's cavalry is yet near Columbia. A few of his men, pickets, &amp;c., can be seen on the other side of the river. The enemy took up his pontoon bridges over Duck River at daylight this morning. The river is very much swollen; it is too deep and swift to bridge with timber, and we will have to wait for the pontoon train to come up. As it will be impossible to cross Duck River to-day the corps will be put in camp on the back of the river, in the timber on the left of the turnpike. The cavalry is going into camp the timber on the left of the turnpike. The cavalry is going into camp on the right of the pike. 3 p. m., it ceased raining about midnight last night, and has not since rained until this hour, and it now commences to rain hard, with a prospect of raining all night. 3.50 p. m., the whole corps now in camp. Have just heard form General Thomas. He reports that the pontoon train will be up to-night. This corps has already been delayed thirty-four house waiting for the pontoon train to cross the Harpeth River, Rutherford's Creek, and now Duck River. The enemy has, therefore, gained so many hours in his retreat. It was

