
parently one brigade of cavalry in the gorge;was not much firing. The casualties on both sides, so far as known, only one killed, a rebel captain of cavalry. 5 p. m., it is now too late to move any farther, and the troops are put in camp for the night. General Wilson says that all of his cavalry will be over the river by dark, and that he will move out at 5 o'clock in the morning. The cavalry will move in advance of this corps, and as soon as it passes by the corps will move. It has been very cold to-day.

FIVE MILES SOUTH OF COLUMBIA, TENN., PULASKI PIKE.

December 24.-7 a. m., the cavalry still passing by. Division commanders directed to march and follow it as soon as it passed; General Elliott's division will lead, General Beatty's will follow, then General Kimball's. 11.50 a. m., the head of our column juste starting on the march. The corps has been drawn out ever since 8 a. m., but could ot march on account of the cavalry. The rear of the cavalry column just starting. We will now be able to move rapidly. 1 p. m., received note from General Wilson, who states that he cannot move on the side of the turnpike, owing to the nature of the ground; that his progress has been slow, as he has been constantly skirmishing with the enemy. . 5 p. m., reach a point two miles and a half south of Lynnville. The cavalry is about a mile and a half ahead, going into camp. The corps will camp at this point for the night. Since 11.50 a. m. the corps has marched sixteen miles and a half-that is, the head of column. The whole corps marched the same distance in fire hours.

The force in our front, or in front of the cavalry, is the enemy's rear guard, and consists of seven brigades of infantry and Forrest's cavalry. The enemy's pontoon train camped on Wednesday night at mr. Foster's, twelve miles south of Columbia, and left there early Thursday morning for Pulaski. All information obtained on the road goes to show that the enemy intends to cross the Tennessee River at Lamb's Ferry, that he will lay his pontoon at that point, and that he will not make a stand north of the river.

TWO MILES AND A HALF SOUTH OF LYNNVILLE, TENN. (COLUMBIA AND PULASKI TURNPIKE.)

December 25.-7 a. m., directed division commanders to march as soon as the cavalry moves and we can get the road, General Beatty to one day's rations now in the haversacks of the men. We have but one day's rations now in the haversacks of the men. Our supply train breaking. This fact was reported to General Thomas last night, and he was requested to allow our supply train to cross the river and come forward as soon as possible. 8 a. m., received a note from General Thomas, saying that he will hurry up our train as fast as he can. 9.10 a. m., the cavalry is now out of the way, and the head of our column starts for Pulaski. 1 p.m., head of column arrives at Pulaski, having marched eleven miles since 9.10 a. m. General Wilson drove the enemy's rear guard through Pulaski very rapidly, and his advance arrived at Richland Creek (in the outskirts of the town) just in time to save the bridge over the same on the Lamb's Ferry and Florence road.

The enemy had set it on fire and it was burning, any the enemy just leaving it, when his advanced regiment reached it. It was important that this bridge should be saved, as the creek is not fordable, and we

