
would have been delayed a long time to bridge it. Citizens of Pulaski report that the enemy's pontoon train passed through Pulaski on Friday last, and that General Hood intends to cross the Tennessee River at Lamb's Ferry or Florence. The Lamb's Ferry and Florence roads are the same for eighteen miles out from Pulaski, then they separate. It will not be possible to tell which road the enemy has taken until we reach the point where the road s separate. 1.15 p. m., General Wilson has crossed Richland Creek and is pushing on after the enemy before him. Our head of column is just beginning to cross the creek, and we will follow closely in support of the cavalry. We leave the turnpike at Richland Creek. The road from here is almost impassable for wagons and artillery. We will take with one battery for each division and one reserve battery, three rifle batteries we will double teams. We will also double teams for all wagons we take. Our rations are out to-night, and when we go into camp we will halt until we can get up three day's supplies. The road on the south side of Richland Creek is covered with broken down wagons, abandoned artillery, ammunition, &amp;c., left by the enemy. He could not take them with him. Citizens say the mules were taken from these wagons to put to the enemy's pontoon train. 3.30 p. m. (two miles from Pulaski), received a dispatch from General Wilson, stating that the enemy has given him a check;s that he is strongly posted, with his front covered with rail barricades; that Forrest's cavalry and eight brigades of infantry are in his front, and he wishes the assistance of our infantry. We push forward as rapidly as possible as possible to General Wilson's assistance. 5.30 p. m., our head of column reaches the point where General Wilson was checked by the enemy, but he (the enemy) has fled, and General Wilson is now pushing on. General Wilson was pushing the enemy too fast, when he (the enemy) made a counter charge and captured one gun, which now remains in his possession. We are now six miles from Pulaski, and halt for the night. General Wilson is informed that we can go no farther until we can get rations. 7 p. m., a train with three day's rations for us is now at Pulaski, and officers are sent forward to hurry it up as fast as possible. It cannot be up with the troops before 11 a. m. to-morrow, so bad is the condition of the roads. 10.15 p. m., received of a note from General Thomas, directing us to issue three days' rations, and then push forward in support of the cavalry; that the cavalry train. (This refers to a train of three day's rations that will be in Pulaski to-morrow morning for us, and our baggage train.) It has been raining since 1 p. m. to-day, and this will make the roads even worse.

LAMB'S FERRY (OR FLORENCE) ROD, TENN., SIX MILES SOUTH OF PULASKI, TENN.

December 26.-8 a. m., the head of a supply train, containing three days' rations for our troops, is now three miles out from Pulaski, and is moving very slowly. 8 a. m., division commanders are directed to march as soon as the three days' rations are issued (and have been instructed to make the three days last five); General Kimball's division will lead, General Elliott's will follow, then General Beatty's. To facilitate our movement the only wagons that will move with the divisions will be five ammunition wagons and ten ambulances to each; all others, headquarters wagons, ammunition wagons, &c., will move

