
in the rear of the troops, those of each division in the order in which the divisions march. 5 p. m., it has taken all day for the subsistence wagons to get out to the divisions of the corps and to issue rations. The troops have, therefore, remained in camp. General Wilson moved forward this morning. 5 p. m., issued orders of the day for the corps for to-morrow. General Kimball will lead, General Elliott will follow, then General Beatty. The had of column will start at 5.30 a. m., and the Second and Third Divisions will follow promptly. The orders issued not at 8 a. m. to-day in reference to the trains will be observed to-morrow. 7 p. m., received a note from General Wilson, dated Sugar Creek, seventeen miles from Pulaski, 1 p. m., stating that the enemy made a short stand at Sugar Creek, But soon retreated; that he will stop there to feed his animals. He also states that as soon as he crosses the creek he will send a brigade to fell trees in the Tennessee River to float down and destroy the enemy's pontoon brigade.

December 27.-6 a. m., the corps marched, General Kimball leading, General Elliott following, then General Beatty. 10 a. m., thirteen miles and a half from Pulaski reached. Here the Lamb's Ferry and Lexington roads separate. The road to Florence is the one via Lexington. The Cavalry Corps has moved out the Lexington road, and as General Thomas directed the Fourth Corps to follow and support it, we move on the same road. Citizens report that the main body, or a large body, of the enemy took this road, and that his (the enemy's) pontoon train moved over it on Friday, or two or three days ago. 10.30 a. m., received note, of which the following is a copy:
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Pulaski, December 26, 1864.

Brigadier General T. J. WOOD,Commanding Fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Yours of 4 p. m. to-day received. The major-general commanding has no orders for you except to push on and support the cavalry as fast as you can and drive the rebels into the Tennessee River. Send word back from time to time with information as to the state of your supplies, and your wagons will be sent forward as fast as possible.

Respectfully,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

12.15 p. m., General Wood and staff reach General Wilson's headquarters at Pinhook Town, about two miles beyond Sugar Creek. General Wilson states that he is unable to move farther, as he has not forage for his horses nor rations for his men. A little forage can be procured from the country, and the cavalry is now bringing it in. It is impossible to bring rations up from Pulaski (or rather, it is impracticable), as the road from that point is almost impassable. It will take twelve hours to haul a wagon six miles. General Wilson also reports that he believes that the enemy is now over the Tennessee River; that he crossed at Bainbridge, where he laid down his pontoon bridge. (bainbridge is on the shoals between Lamb's Ferry and Florence.) 1.30 p. m., General Wood sent word to General Thomas that he has conferred with General Wilson, who is of the opinion that he bulk of the enemy's army is over the river, and he has sent parties out on various roads to ascertain certainly whether this supposition is correct. If he learns from these parties that the enemy has not crossed he will move on and we will follow and support the cavalry. If the enemy has crossed we will go no farther, but wait further orders in our present position. He also stated that the roads between here and Pulaski are

