
age and to be where dispatches may reach him from General Thomas. 12 m., received dispatch from General Thomas, of which following is a copy:
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Pulaski, Tenn., December 28, 1864.

Brigadier General T. J. WOOD,Commanding Fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Your dispatch, dated Pinhook, December 27, 12.30 p. m.., is just received. The major-general commanding directs that your order your artillery back to this point to be supplied with forage from post. He further directs that you hold your infantry where they now are for further orders, ready to move in whatever direction they may be required.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY M. CIST,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

2 p. m., sent the pioneers of this corps back to the rear to work on the road from this place to a point eight miles in the rear. 3 p. m., replied to General Thomas' note, received at 12 m., as follows:

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of the 28th instant, directing the artillery with me to be sent back and to retain the infantry where it was, was not received until 12 m., to-day. The commanding general was fully advised at 8.30 p. m. December 27 that I would move forward the next morning to support the cavalry, as General Wilson had determined to continued the pursuit farther toward the Tennessee River. As we have advanced one day's march forgather south, it occurs to me that the commanding general may not possibly desire the artillery now with me to be sent back to Pulaski. I will, therefore, retain it here until to-morrow morning, by which time I trust I will receive an answer to my dispatch of yesterday evening, announcing that the enemy had crossed the river, and asking for orders. If I receive no further orders by to-morrow night I will send the artillery back to Pulaski and retain the infantry here to await further instructions. In the meantime I will try and get up my supply train from the rear to subsist the infantry. I repeat that I should be glad to have full instructions from the commanding general for our further movements.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

THE. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Fourth Corps.

3.45 p. m., received dispatch, of which the following is a copy:
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Pulaski, Tenn., December 28, 1864.

Brigadier General T. J. WOOD,Commanding Fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Your two dispatches of 7 and 8.30 p.m. yesterday have been received. The major-general commanding directs me to say that it is not expected that you shall send any portion of your force farther than the Tennessee River,but as General Wilson has gone on with his command it is necessary that there should be an infantry force to support him and keep pushing until the enemy is driven across the river, when the commands will be placed in camp at such places that they can be supplied with forage and preparations made for a spring campaign. We cannot expect to have everything as we would wish it, but hat bad roads and other difficulties must be looked for. It seems as though, with the railroad terminus at Spring Hill, that the chief quartermaster of your corps might have been able to keep the commands supplied with a limited quantity of forage by sending back the empty wagons to be reloaded.

Very respectfully, &c.,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

