
5.30 p. m., replied to the above dispatch as follows:

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff, Pulaski;

GENERAL: Your dispatch dated December 28, in reply to my dispatches dated 7 and 8.30 p .m. December 27, has just been received. I desire to state to the commanding general that my note in regard to the forage was by no means intended as a complaint, but was simply designed ot communicated a fact and inform him of my situation with regard to forage and other supplies, as I was instructed to do. I have no reason to suppose that the chief quartermaster has been at all remiss in getting up forage from the railroad terminus, for the truth is that it has required the entire capacity of my train to get up subsistence for the men for so long a distance. I did not suppose that it was the general's intention to cross the Tennessee River immediately, but supposing that it would be done at an early day with a view to further operations, it occurred to me that it might facilitate them by our taking post on the river at the earliest possible moment at which subsistence could be obtained there. Hence the reference in my note of 12.30 p. m. of the 27th instant in regard to taking post on the Tennessee River for ulterior objects beyond the present pursuit.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

THE. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Fourth Corps.

We have gathered enough forage in the country around Lexington to supply this command for about two days. There is none left in it: we have taken all. No orders have yet been received from General Thomas i regard to future movements. 9 p. m., citizens report that there is a band of guerrillas near Wise's Mill (about six miles west of Lexington) 100 strong, and that the y are mounted on the best horses in the country. Information of this fact is just sent to General Wilson, and he is informed that we will send an infantry force out to attack them to-morrow. General Wilson is also requested to send out a body of cavalry for the same purpose. Quite warm to-day. The ground froze last night and is now thawing out.

December 30.-8.30 a. m., directed General Beatty, commanding Third Division, to send a regiment to Wise's Mill, six miles west of Lexington, at once, to find an attack a band of guerrillas, about 100 in number, now near the place. The Forty-first Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Colonel Kimberly, is selected, and will start at 9 a. m. 11.15 a.m ., received a note from General Wilson, stating that one of his staff officers, whom he had sent ot Florence, has just returned, and that he states that our gun-boats have been up to that place on the Tennessee, but had returned before he got there; also, that citizens report that a raiding party from Memphis had torn up the railroad for fifteen miles, beginning seven miles beyond Tuscumbia, and destroying in the direction of Corinth; also, that the rebels have all disappeared from both sides of the river at Florence and Bainbridge. They had constructed several strong lines of works at Bainbridge as a bridge-head to protect their crossing. 1 p. m., received dispatch, of which following is a copy:
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Pulaski, Tenn., December 29, 1864.

Brigadier General T. J. WOOD,

Commanding Fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The last of the rebel army having been driven across the Tennessee River, the major-general commanding directs that the pursuit cease, and that you march with your corps to Huntsville, Athens, and vicinity, and there go into camphor the winter, and attend to the reorganizing of your command and fitting it generally for and early spring campaign. The Cavalry Corps, with the exception of one division, has also been ordered to Huntsville for the winter. Should you be unable, from badness of the roads or scarcity of forage, to march directly to Huntsville, you can come back to this point and march from here, or you can march direct and send your wagons by this route, via Elkton. The major-general commanding the forces

