
if possible, to form junction with remaining forces; but on reaching the Osyka and Clinton road, and finding that my retreat on the west side of the river to Liberty had been cut off, I then determined to cross at McAdams' Bridge to intercept column moving on Liberty through Greensburg. Near McAdams' Bridge met Colonels Scott and Ogden with portions of their commands, who repeated to me information, already communicated by scouts, that enemy were at Clinton and moving toward Liberty.

Soon after crossing at McAdams' Bridge I received a dispatch from Lieutenant Thompson, commanding scouts, informing me that enemy were then (3 p. m.) seventeen miles above Greensburg, traveling in direction of Liberty. I immediately sent forward scouting party to certain position of the enemy, and moved with my command in direction of Nebo Church, and when one mile from Liberty and Greensburg road scouts returned and reported enemy had passed and were then at Landron Lee's, one mile and a half above cross-roads. My men having been called up three nights in succession, and my horses having been without food thirty-one hours, my command were in no condition to pursue an enemy traveling so rapidly. I consequently halted for the night.

On the morning of the 17th, after consultation with Colonel Ogden, I consented to report to Colonel Scott and operate in enemy's rear. At 10 o'clock night of 17th we crossed to west side of Amite River and moved up the Clinton and Liberty road in direction of the latter place. The advance met enemy about one mile and half from town and a brisk skirmish commenced. In obedience to orders from Colonel Scott I dismounted the men of my command and moved on the right of the road to engage the enemy. We soon came up with them posted on a hill in front of the town. In order to drive them from this position I moved with right wing of my regiment upon their left and succeeded in forcing them to retire great confusion up into the town, where they formed a second time behind houses and on a hill to my left and dismounted. Up to this time my men had moved through a dense forest and consequently I had no casualties, but we had now to move through a field about 100 yards, against the enemy posted behind and anhistous. Against this enemy the men moved at double-quick and with great spirit, the enemy from and taking possession of the houses.

Soon after reaching this position I was ordered to retire slowly to my horses, mount, and move across the bridge tree miles from town. I then received orders to move that night across to the Liberty and Natchez road an learn if the enemy where moving in the direction of the latter place. On the morning of the 19th Colonel Scott came up with us at Hog Eye, and ordered me to move around to the north of Liberty to the Brookhaved road and learn if the enemy had moved in that direction. The morning of the 20th we were ordered to follow the enemy in direction of Baton Rouge. The pursuit was kept up until next day about noon, when we were ordered to move to Clinton from Keller's Cross-Roads.

D. GOBER,

Colonel.

Lieutenant H. P. BRIDGES, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Casualties from 12th to 20th, 1864; killed, 2 wounded; 8; missing,4; total, 14.

D. GOBER,

Colonel.

2 R R-VOL XLV, PT I

