
BUCK ISLAND FORD, ELK RIVER, ALA.

January 2.-The command is in camp to-day. As many men as can work at it are engaged in constructing the bridge over the river at this point. The work is being pushed forward quit rapidly, and Colonel Suman says he will have it done by 1 p. m. tomorrow. Colonel Suman has charge of the working parties, while Major Watson, who is a practical bridge-builder, directs the works. Foraging parties are doing well to-day, and the command is being well supplied. There is now no danger of being out of rations before we arrive at Huntsville, though but three day's full rations were issued the day before we left Lexington, Ala. Quite warm to-day and very clear, but it will rain before midnight to-day.

January 3.-8.30 a. m., published orders of march. The corps will march as soon as the bridge is completed, probably by noon; General Kimball's division will lead, General Beatty's will follow, then General Elliott's. Each division will in itself be a separate column, taking its trains, &amp;c., as on the march from Lexington, Ala. The pioneers of the leading division will repair the roads, cut new roads, &c. (It commenced to rain at midnight last night, and yet continues ot rain.) 11 a. m., the bridge just completed; no work was done after night; it was built in just twenty hours' working time; is very strong, and will admit of the passage of the heaviest trains. 11.30 a. m., General Kimball commences to cross the bridge, the other two divisions following. 3 p. m., General Wood and staff arrive at Athens. 3.15 p. m., received (at Athens) a telegram, of which the following is a copy:

PULASKI, January 1, 1865.

Brigadier General T. J. WOOD:

Concentrate your whole corps at Huntsville and prepare for an early resumption of the winter campaign. Instructions by letter have been sent you. The Twenty-third Corps goes to Eastport.

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

4 p. m., head of column arrives at Athens. The corps will encamp here for the night. The railroad from Huntsville to Athens has been repaired, and cars are running to this point form Nashville; they have been running for several days.

January 4.-Marched from Athens to-day. The corps arrived at a point within seven miles of Huntsville, and there went into camp for the night.

January 5.-10 a.m ., the corps arrives in the vicinity of Huntsville. The First Division goes into camp about one miles east of the town, the Second about three miles west, and the Third Division about four miles south.

HUNTSVILLE, ALA.

January 6,7, &c.-January 7, 11 a .m., received letter, of which the following is a copy:
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Pulaski, Tenn., January 1, 1865.

Brigadier General T. J. WOOD,

Commanding Fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Your communication of the 30th ultimo, suggesting plan for continued operations this winter, has been received. Probably some such plan will be adopted, as you will see by the inclosed copy of telegram from General Halleck that the lieu-

