
Bradley) was furiously attacked by what afterward proved to be two brigades of rebel infantry. The attack was continued until nearly dark, when our right gave way toward the pike, followed by the enemy. Fortunately, however, all trains had then passed and were parked north of the town, where also division hospitals were temporarily established and the wounded rapidly cared for. A few wounded were unavoidably lost when the right gave way. One hundred and fifteen wounded were brought to hospital. Shortly after dark orders were given to break up hospitals, load ambulances, and be ready to move with the other trains at a moment's notice. The rest of the army reached Spring Hill about 10 p. m., and continued their march through the town toward Franklin. The hospital and ambulance trains moved at the same time, reaching Franklin at 10 a. m. November 30, without loss, although several times attacked by the enemy's cavalry. The wounded and sick were shipped by rail to Nashville early in the afternoon. The two divisions of the Twenty-third Corps, with the First and Second Divisions of the Fourth Corps, remained south of Harpeth River and entrenched themselves; the Third Division, Fourth Corps, crossed to the north side of the river, and was not engaged in the battle of Franklin.

At about 1 p.m . November 30 the enemy appeared in force opposite our lines. At 3.30 p. m., as it was determined to withdraw at dark toward Nashville, orders were given to send all trains, except half the ambulances of each division, to Nashville. Soon after the trains were fairly on the road the enemy commenced a furious attack upon the entire lines. Six distinct assaults were made, and, by hard fighting, were repulsed, with great los to the enemy. As soon as the firing commenced orders were sent for the hospital wagons to be parked in the nearest filed, and the tents to be temporarily pitched, all ambulances to return and cross the river. Efforts were then made to obtain a train of cars for the wounded; the commanding general, however, did not deem it best that one should be telegraphed for. Owing to the intense darkeners and imperfect provision for crossing and recrossing the river, the movements of ambulances were necessarily retarded. The wounded were collected at hospital as rapidly as possible. The town was thoroughly searched for wounded. Orders were issued for the withdrawal of troops at 12 o'clock. The ambulances worked constantly until 11 p. m., and were then loaded to their utmost with wounded collected at hospitals. Such slight cases of disease as remained were loaded upon arm wagons. The hospitals and ambulance trains were the last to draw out, and were closely followed by the troops; 550 wounded were brought off. From all that can be ascertained it is probable that from 75 to 100 wounded of this corps were left in the hands of the enemy. Many rebel wounded fell into our hands, but were left for want of transportation. The ambulance train reached Nashville at 9 a. m. December 1, and the wounded were placed in general hospital. The following casualties occurred in the ambulance corps of Fourth Army Corps.*

List of wounded and tabular statements of wounded have already been forwarded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. THEO. HEARD,

Surgeon, U. S. Volunteers.

Surg. GEORGE E. COOPER, U. S. ARMY,

Medical Director, Department of the Cumberland.

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 killed, 3 wounded, and 1 missing.

---------------

