
Medical and hospital supplies were abundant and rations plenty. There were no casualties in the ambulance corps or among medical officers.

The following number of wounded of other commands was received into hospitals of this corps, viz: Rebels, 15; Twelfth U. S. Colored Troops, 2; Thirteenth U. S. Colored Troops, 40; Fourteenth U. S. Colored Troops, 1; One hundredth U. S. Colored Troops, 3; total of other command, 61.

Inclosed are lists of rebels wounded received into hospitals of this command.

The battle reports of division hospitals have been forwarded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. THEO. HEARD,

Surgeon, U. S. Volunteers, Medical Director.

Surg. GEORGE E. COOPER, U. S. Army,

Medical Director, Department of the Cumberland.

Numbers 13. Reports of Brigadier General Nathan Kimbal, U. S. Army,commanding First Division, of operations November 30 and December 8 and 14-28, 1864.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Near Nashville, Tenn., December 5, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my division in the battle at Franklin, Tenn., on the 30th ultimo:

On the evening of the 29th orders were received to withdraw from our position on the north side of Duck River, opposite Columbia, my division to cover the reseat of the entire army. After the Twenty-third Corps and the Third Division of the Fourth Corps had withdrawn and passed Rutherford's Creek I withdrew my division, and at 12 mid night crossed Rutherford's Creek and moved on rapidly to Spring Hill, passing within 300 yards of the rebel lines. Here I joined the Second and Third Divisions of this corps. Receiving orders from Major-General Staley, I at once took position on the left of the road, covering the artillery and trains of the Fourth Corps, and moved forward toward Franklin. We had proceeded about three miles, when word was sent me that the enemy had attacked and were burning the train of the Twenty-third Corps, which was in our front and without guard. I at once sent Colonel I. M. Kirby, commanding my First Brigade, forward to save the train if possible. Colonel Kirby was prompt in his movements and reached the point in time, driving the rebels off and saving all but ten wagons, which the rebels had burned before he came up. From this point we moved on the Franklin, at which point we arrived at 12 m. of the 30th. Receiving order,s I went into position, on the right of the Twenty-third Army Corps, in the following order: My right, composed of the Second Brigade, Brigadier General W. C. Whitaker commanding, resting on the Harpeth River; my left, the Third Brigade, Brigadier-General Grose commanding, resting on the Centerville pike, and connecting with the Second Division of the Twenty-third Corps; my First Brigade, Colonel I. M. Kirby commanding, in the center. Captain Ziegler's battery,

12 R R-VOL XLV, PT I

