
(B) Pennsylvania Artillery, having reported to me, was placed in position by General Grose on the left of the division, near the Centerville pike. General Cox, commanding Twenty-third Corps, calling upon me for a regiment to re-enforce the Second Division of that corps, I detached the One hundred and first Ohio, Lieutenant-Colonel Mcdonald commanding, from my First Brigade, and ordered it to report ot General Ruger. I have no report from it, but am informed by the officer in command of that line that it behaved splendidly, holding a position from which two regiments had been compelled to retire until the end of the battle.

Having established my line I gave direction that barricades should be made, and by 4 p. m. my men had thrown up excellent barricades the entire length of our line. Thus having completed our works, with skirmishers thrown, we awaited the approach of the enemy. At near 5 o'clock he made his appearance in my front in heavy force, moving in line of battle, advancing upon us, my skirmishers retiring gradually before them to my main line. The enemy advanced to within 250 yards of my main line, when my men opened upon them with such precision that the rebel line was literally mown down. The destruction of the enemy was terrible indeed, yet they pressed forward with still another line, seemingly determined to carry our position. Reaching within a few yards of our line, my men gave them such deadly volleys that their lines mostly feel killed or wounded; the survivors broke and fell back in great confusion. In about half an hour after this first repulsed the enemy again made his appearance, more to may center and right, and again was he driven back in confusion, and with terrible slaughter. Still not satisfied, and waiting until it was dark, the enemy again advanced and attempted to carry our position, but was again repulsed; after this last repulse of the enemy my skirmishers were again thrown forward from the main line some 300 yards, and remained in their position until the army was withdrawn to the north side of the Harpeth River. It was Loring's division, of Stewart's corps, and a part of Lee's corps, of the rebel army, that engaged my division, as we ascertained from prisoners captured. Captain Ziegler's battery on this, as on former occasions, did splendidly, inflicting severe punishment upon the enemy, and, in fact, at one time prevented the enemy penetrating our line near the right of Second Division, Twenty-third Corps. Too much paradise cannot be awarded this battery.

At midnight, in obedience to orders, I withdrew my division from its position, leaving my skirmishers on duty in front of the lien, and moved to the bridge to effect a crossing, as I had been directed to move at once upon Brentwood to take up position until the army should arrive; but to my surprise I found the way blocked up by other troops who had left their position in advance, but was compelled to wait and take the position which other should have taken. General Grose's brigade (the Third), of my division, was the last of the army to withdraw from the line in front of Franklin. My skirmishers stood alone in front of he enemy until the army had crossed Harpeth River, and I am proud to say that every man of my division was in his place and all came off in good order. My dead were buried and all my wounded brought away. My loss is 60 in killed, wounded, and missing, as will be seen by the inclosed report.

Every officer and man of this division behaved nobly and is entitled to the highest praise. Brigadier-Generals Grose and Whitaker and Colonel I. M. Kirby, my brigade commanders, are officers worthy to com-

