
mand such noble men as those composing their brigades. They all deserve well of their country, and I again recommend Colonel I. M. Kirby, of the One hundred and first Ohio, for promotion., I am greatly indebted to every member of my staff for valuable services rendered during the engagement. One of my aides, Lieutenant Joseph G. Waters, was severely wounded in the right arm while conveying orders. Every officer and man of the division and of my staff has my thanks and commendations for his services and noble bearing.

For further details you are referred to the inclosed reports of brigade and regimental commanders.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NATHAN KIMBALL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fourth Army Corps.

[Inclosure.]

Reports of casualties of First Division, Fourth Army Corps, at the battle of Franklin, Tenn., November 30, 1864.

Killed. Wounded.

Command	 Officer	 Men	 Total	 Officer	 Men	 Total

 s	 	 	 s

First	 ..	 2	 2	 ..	 8 	 8

Brigade

Second	 ..	 ..	 ..	 1	 4	 5

Brigade

Third	 ..	 3	 3	 2 	 22	 24

Brigade

Total	 ..	 5	 5	 3	 34	 37

Missing.

Command	 Officer	 Men	 Total	 Aggregate

 s

First Brigade	 1	 3	 4	 14

Second Brigade	 ..	 4	 4	 9

Third Brigade	 ..	 10	 10	 37

Total	 1	 17	 18	 60

NATHAN KIMBALL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Nashville, Tenn., December 8, 1864.

COLONEL: In obedience to orders I have the honor to make the following report relative to the affair on my picket-line to-day:

The enemy advanced a strong skirmish line and drove my pickets from their position, taking possession, for a short time, of my line. My pickets were reformed and advanced as skirmishers, driving the rebels back and regaining their original position, and which they now hold. The picket-line of the Twenty-third Corps immediately on my left gave way first, thereby enabling the enemy to enfilade my line. In order to regain possession of the original position, I took a section of Ziegler's battery to a position near the Franklin pike, in rear of my picket reserves, and opened fire upon the rebel lines. They gave way in confusion, and I then advanced my picket-line, and at the same time the picket-line of the Twenty-third Army Corps (Cox's division) went forward. Two prisoners were captured, belonging respectively to Stevenson's and Johnston's divisions.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,NATHAN KIMBALL,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

Lieutenant-Colonel FULLERTON,

Chief of Staff, Fourth Army Corps.

