
A D D E N D A.

BROOKHAVEN, November 26, 1864.

Lieutenant BRIDGES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

In compliance with the request of the brigadier-general, I have the honor to submit the following as my opinion of the distribution of the forces of the district made by him before the last raid of the enemy:

The main objects were the suppression of the cotton trade, the collection and return to their commands of absentees, and to guard the approaches to the interior, and the defense of this district. By placing a regiment at Skinner's Ferry, on the Homochitto, one at William's Bridge, and the main body of the forces at Beaver Creek (the best line of defense), these objects could best be attained. A smaller force on either flank could not have done the duty required of these regiments, while they were sufficiently close to the main force to be easily concentrated. The filling up of all the regiments, and the suppression of lawlessness since this distribution was made, is the best evidence of its wisdom. I believe, also that a concentration could and would have been made had subordinates done their duty and obeyed orders.

Very respectfully,

D. GOBER,

Colonel.

Numbers 6. Report of Colonel Frank P. Powers, commanding cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY COMMAND,Centreville, Miss., November 21, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report the following statement of my operations during the 17th, 18th, and 19th instant:

At 4 o'clock on the morning f the 17th I was apprised of the advance of the enemy. I at the same time received an order to move on to Liberty with all possible dispatch. At 3 p. m. I got to within six miles of Liberty, a distance of thirty-three miles. Here I learned that the enemy had possession of Liberty. Thinking that General Hodge with the majority of the command would be at some point on the Gallatin and Liberty road, I determined to make a junction with him at once.

I crossed this road twelve miles north of Liberty, and here I learned that a portion of General Hodge's command was completely surprised, a large portion captured, and the balance disorganized. I found that one brigade of the enemy's cavalry had gone toward Brookhaven, and immediately after my scouts reported that a column of the enemy had moved from Liberty to Summit. I at once concluded that so soon as the raid would strike Brookhaven they would move south by the railroad and join the other column at Summit. I therefore determined to attack the force at Summit before they could make a junction. My artillery (two 9-pounder Napoleons) I had to abandon, in consequence of the horses being completely broken down. I moved the pieces to a secure point and reached Summit on the 18th at 2 p. m. I found that the

