
that point until 9 o'clock the evening of the 22nd, when it crossed Duck River by the pontoon bridge, and bivouacked about midnight south of the town of Columbia. The march was resumed at 2 o'clock the evening of the 23rd. The advance guard of cavalry immediately in my front came up with the rear guard of the enemy about five miles south of Columbia, strongly posted in a pass between high hills and through which the road ran. I immediately deployed as strong line of skirmishers and sent them forward. A section of Thomason's (First Kentucky) battery was put in position about 800 yards from their lines and opened upon them. After a sharp skirmish they were driven form the pass, leaving bivouacked for the night in the pass. One the 24th I marched to a point on the Pulaski road three miles south of Lynnville and bivouacked. One the 25th I moved through Pulaski to a point on the Lamb's Ferry road six miles south of Pulaski, where my command bivouacked and remained next day awaiting the arrival of rations. On the morning of the 27th I moved at daylight, and bivouacked near Puncheon Church, on Sugar Creek. At daylight the 28th my command resumed the march, and bivouacked at sundown near Lexington, Ala., where orders were received announcing that the pursuit of the enemy for the present was ended.

I have receipts for 9 pieces artillery and 968 prisoners of war captured by this division during the actions of the 15th and 16th . The reports of my brigade commanders make the captured of artillery amount to 17 pieces, but I have no doubt that 4 of these are claimed by two different brigades. I am, however, positive that this division captured 13 pieces of artillery and 1,200 prisoners if war, besides great numbers of small-arms, several wagon-loads of entrenching tools, and a number of beef-cattle.

In the eagerness of both officers and men to pursue the fleeting enemy prisoners were sent to the rear and the artillery and other spoils passed by, which by this means falling into the hands of commands which came after us were accredited the them, although the credit of the captured is due to this division.

My losses were 9 officer killed and 4 wounded; 32 enlisted men killed, 207 wounded, and 2 missing. Reference is respectfully made to the accompanying tabular statement of the loses of each brigade. For a full and complete statement of the gallantry of officers and men I respectfully refer you to the accompanying reports of brigade and regimental commanders.

It is unnecessary for me to mention to the general commanding the corps the conduct of my division in the battles of the 15th and 16th ultimo and in the pursuit of the enemy succeeding those battle. He was an eye-witness to the noble bravery of the officers and men in their daring and successful assaults upon the enemy's works, and the patient and cheerful temper with which they endured the tedious and fatiguing pursuit, through rain and mud, while driving the rebel hordes across the Tennessee. But I cannot close this report without commending to the general commanidng and to the Government Brigadier Gens. Walter C. Whitaker and William Crose and Colonel I . M. Kirby, of the One hundred and first Ohio Infantry, my brigade commanders, for the skillful manner in which they handled their troops and the promptness with which they obeyed and executed my orders. My thanks and gratitude are tendered them, and the Government should reward them. I also with pleasure commend the officers and men of my whole command, who deserve the highest praise and gratitude of the nation. Although in

