
general terms I thus commend all, I would make special mention of Captain Charles E. Rowan, of the Ninety-sixth Regiment Illinois Infantry, who, when the rebels were driven from their works on the afternoon of the 16th pursued them with twenty of his men so closely that he was beyond hearing of the order to halt and reform, and continued pressing immediately upon their heels, taking many prisoners and stampeding their heels, taking many prisoners and stampeding their drove of cattle; and of Lieutenant William Felton, Ninetieth Ohio Infantry, and acting assistant adjutant-general of the First Brigade, who, in the charge on Montgomery's Hill, seized the colors of his regiment and bore them on horseback through an embrasure into the rebel works; and of Father Cooney, chaplain of the Thirty-fifth Indiana Infantry, who remained in the front with his regiment, encouraging and cheering the men by his words and acts; and of Color-Sergt. Jesse H. Hall, of the One hundred and first Ohio Infantry, who, when attacked by a rebel officer with a drawn saber, defended himself with his flagstaff and beat the officer into an unconditional surrender; and of Sergt. John Vincent, of the Ninety-sixth Illinois Infantry, who bore the colors of his regiment into the rebel battery ahead of his comrades and planted them there while the enemy were loading the guns. I cannot speak in too high terms of commendation of Ziegler's (Battery B, Second Pennsylvania Independent Artillery) and Canby's (Battery F [M], Fourth U. S. Artillery) batteries. To the bravery, energy, and skill of their officers and men this division is greatly indebted for its success in charging the enemy's works. Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and Kentucky may well be proud of such sons, their representatives in the nation's army. The honor of those States and the welfare of the nation will ever be safe in their hands when led by such noble chiefs as Bennett, Suman, Smith, Rose, Moore, Yeoman, Evans, Morton, Wood, Mcdonald, Tassin, Northup, Humphrey, Hicks, Taylor, Mathey, Jamison, Pollard, Cunningham, and Lawton.

To the officers of my staff I am grateful for their valuable services im promptly delivering my orders and assisting in the execution of them upon every part of the field. I commend them to your most favorable consideration.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NATHAN KIMBALL,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel J. S. FULLERTON,

Asst. Adjt. and Chief Staff, Fourth Army Corps.

Report of casualties of the First Division Army Corps, at the battle of Nashville, December 15 and 16, 1864.

Killed. Wounded.

Command	 Officer	 Men	 Total	 Officer	 Men 	 Total

 s	 	 	 s

First	 6	 19	 25	 ..	 98	 98

Brigade

Second	 1	 9	 10	 ..	 38	 38

Brigade

Third	 2	 4	 6	 4	 71	 75

Brigade

Total*	 9	 32	 41	 4	 207	 211

Missing.

Command	 Officer	 Men	 Total	 Aggregate

 s

First Brigade	 ..	 ..	 ..	 123

Second Brigade	 ..	 1	 1	 49

Third Brigade	 ..	 1	 1	 82

Total*	 ..	 2	 2	 254

---------------

*But see revised table, p. 97.

---------------

