
Numbers 14. Report of Colonel Isaac M. Kirby, One hundred and first Ohio Infantry, commanding First Brigade, of operations November 30 and December 14-30, 1864.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Near Nashville, Tenn., December 5, 1864.

I have the honor to forward the following report of the part taken by this brigade in the late action at Franklin, Tenn.:

The brigade arrived with the division at Franklin about 12 m. November 30, 1864, and during the afternoon was placed in position on the right of General Grose' brigade, with three regiments (Twenty-first and Thirty-eighth Illinois and Thirty-first Indiana) in the front line, and temporary barricaded constructed at once. Heavy firing was soon heard to the left of us, indicating sever fishing, and our picket-lien in a short time became briskly engaged. I then put two companies of the One hundred and first Ohio in the front line, to close a gap between this brigade and that of General Grose. This disposition had just been made when the division pickets were seen coming in hurriedly, followed by a considerable force of the enemy, who came as far as the open ridge directly in our front, when we open fire on him, and with two or three volley drove him back. The skirmishers were then advanced, and held their position until the army withdrew. During the action I was ordered to send a regimental to report to General Ruger, commanding [Second] Division, Twenty-third Army Corps; the eight companies of the One hundred and firs Ohio not on the front line were sent, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel McDonald. I understand that they were put in position on the line of works of the Twenty-third Army Corps, and did good work, holding a most critical point in the line until ordered any. Our loss was 2 men killed and 14 wounded.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,I. M. KIRBY,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain N . G. FRANKLIN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Lexington, Ala., December 30, 1864.

I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this brigade, from the morning of December 14 I received verbal instructions from the general commanding division to have my command in readiness at 6 o'clock the following morning to move into position, preparatory to moving against the enemy's works. At 6 a. m. December 15 my brigade was under arms, and moved between 7 and 8 o'clock, with the division, to the Hillsborough pike, and out that though our line of fortifications, going into position, with my right connecting with General Grose, and my left resting on the Hillsborough pike, the One hundred and first Ohio, Eighty-first Indian and Ninetieth Ohio forming my front line, the Twenty-first Illinois, Thirty-eighth Illinois, and Thirty-first Indiana my rear line, in the order named. The skirmish-

