
ers of the brigade, under command of Major Hitchcock, Ninetieth Ohio, were taken from Thirty-first Indiana and united with those of balance of division, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Hallowell, Thirty-first Indiana. During the forenoon I moved gradually forward, gaining ground to the right, conforming to the movements of the troops upon my right, and slightly refusing my left in compliance with instructions previously received, and rested at the foot of the long ridge intervening between our line of works and those of the enemy. In a short time this ridge was cleared of the enemy's skirmishers, and I was ordered to change direction a very little to the left, and move forward and occupy the ridge, which order was executed at once, resting about two-thirds of my line on the left of the Hillsborough pike, and resting in this position on the left of the pike, and was working vigorously against the main line of the enemy's works. About 3.30 p. m. I received orders to move forward and occupy a low in the open fields near the foot of the hill on which the enemy's works were, and immediately under his guns. I moved at once with the Ninetieth Ohio in advance, to secure the point or crown of the ridge, and formed my first line of battle along the crest of the ridge. The musketry fire here from the enemy's works was very annoying, and seeing a sunken roadway on the slope of the ridge next the enemy, I moved the front line into that, and found it an admirable protection, and brought up my rear line near the crest of the ridge, but under cover; in this position the enemy's balls were harmless.

This disposition of the troops being made, I was surprised to see Zeigler's battery again on my right in the open field and within easy musket-range of the enemy, and throw in shot into him thick and fast. This battery, together with one placed in position by General Kimball, near the left of my brigade, soon worked confusion in the ranks of rebeldom, and at 4.15 p. m. I was ordered to charge the enemy's works. The front line led off the "double-quick," followed closely by the second line, each regiment of the front line striving to be the first to plant their colors on the rebel works, and the rear line eager to support their gallant comrades going before. The musketry fire encountered was very severe, but the front line was equal to the task, although they straggled over heavy ground and up a sharp ascent. The flags of the three regiments were carried so near a true line that neither can claim much honor over the other for being the first on the works, and the rear line was close on the heels of the front in crossing the works. Here the brigade captured four guns,one Rodman and three brass Napoleons. Referring our line we changed front to the east and moved in that direction, crossing the Granny White pike, and halting some time after dark, bivouacked in line. December 16, this command was held in reserve for the division until after our lines became heavily engaged, when I was ordered to the left of the Second Division, to support either that division or the Third, as they might need help. Frequently through the day I was exposed to the artillery fire of the enemy, but escaped with the loss of three men wounded. When the works were carried I followed the Second Division, and shifted to the right until was again in rear of the First Division and moved with that in pursuit. From that time to the present I have moved in column with the division in pursuit of the enemy, not having been actively engaged since.

Our loss on the 15th was-officers, killed, 1; wounded, 5; men, killed, 19; wounded, 92; on the 16th, men, wounded, 3; total, 120.

