
At 4 p.m. the skirmish line was driven in and the enemy showed himself in front, but a few rounds from the works drove him back and the skirmishers again advanced and no more trouble was given us during the fight. The line was withdrawn in the night and we reached Nashville December 1. December 2, were placed in position on the left of the Ganny White pike and threw up works. December 3, were ordered out to support the pickets. December 4, moved to the right of the Granny White pike, where we remained till December 15, when we moved with the brigade to the right of the Hillsborough pike and took part in the movements of the day. At 4 p. m., with the brigade, charged the enemy's works on the left of the Hillsborough pike. Our loss on the 15th very light-one officer (Lieutenant B. G. Humes) and one enlisted man wounded. December 16, were with the brigade in support of the front line, and moved from near the Granny White pike to near the Franklin pike. During the movement were annoyed by shells. A piece of shell slightly wounded Lieutenant John O'Meara on the ankle, but he remained with the command. When the enemy was driven from his works we joined in the pursuit. Halted for the night about wi miles form Brenwood, on the Franklin pike. December 17, reached Franklin. December 18, crossed the Harpeth, passed through Franklin and Spring Hill, campaign about four miles from Spring Hill. December 20, crossed Rutherford's Creek and camped on Duck River. December 22, crossed Duck River and passed through to Columbia. Reached Pulaski December 25; passed through and camped about six miles out, on the Florence road. Reached Lexington December 28, and remained there till the 31st.

Loss during the campaign, 1 officer and 1 enlisted man wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. M. POLLARD,

Captain, Commanding Regiments.

Lieutenant WILLIAM FELTON,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 1st Div., 4th Army Corps.

Numbers 17. Report of Colonel John T. Smith, Thirty-first Indiana Infantry, of operations December 15-30, 1864.

HDQRS. THIRTY-FIRST REGIMENT INDIANA VET. VOLS., Near Lexington, Ala., December 30, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part borne by the Thirty-first Regiment Indiana Volunteer Infantry in the campaign commencing at Nashville, Tenn., December 15, 1864:

Pursuant to orders from brigade headquarters, received about 10 o'clock on the night of the 14th instant, the regiment was formed early the next morning, and moved into position with the brigade near Hopkinsville [Hillsbourough] pike. The regiment numbered 503 muskets and 254 commissioned officers, and constituted the left of the second line in the formation of the brigade. During the day the movements of the regiment conformed to that of the brigade, steadily advancing in the direction of Montgomery's Hill, where the enemy was pretty strongly intrencehd. It was near 4 o'clock in the afternoon before the regiment was brought into action, or was much exposed to the fire of the enemy, except occasional shots of artillery, which, fortunately, did no execu-

