
tion. About this time the regiment was occupying a position near the crest of a hill, Companies H, I, and retired some thirty paces, to make room for a section of artillery. While in this position Brigadier-General Wood rode by and gave the word to charge Montgomery's Hill, in our front. The command not being distinctly heard or understood, the right commenced rapidly moving out, the movement being taken up successively to the left, and the three left companies being retired, half the distance to the enemy's entrenchments had been gained before anything like a regular line was formed. In the meantime the left of the front line had oblique to the left and the right had borne to the right, leaving about a regimental front vacant; into this space the regiment was hurriedly pushed and charged the hill, and entered the enemy's works and shared in the captured along with the front line of the brigade. During this charge must of the casualties of the regiment occurred. It should be remarked that about 8 o'clock in the morning Lieutenant-Colonel Hallowell reported to division headquarters as division officer of the day, and commanded the skirmish line with much skill and gallantry. Company A, First Sergt. R. H. Weatherman (who was commissioned first lieutenant and awaiting muster) commanding; Company B, Captain Hammond; Company D, Captain Reed, together with a detail of twenty men of the regiment, constituted the skirmishers of the brigade. During the forenoon Lieutenant Weatherman, Company I, was detailed ot command the company. Although there were fifty of our drafted recruits on the skirmish line, the conduct of the line is represented as being the most gallant. December 16, the regiment moved into position early in the morning near the Franklin pike, but the brigade being in reserve it was not called into action. In the pursuit of the enemy that followed the regiment has marched with the brigade, but has at no time engaged the enemy.

It is with pleasure that I refer to the fact that the conduct of the officers of the regiment during the campaign has been gallant without an exsection, and that of the men has been soldierly inaction and on the march they have manifested creditable endurance.

The casualties of the regiment are 10 killed and 33 wounded.

I am, lieutenant, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. T. SMITH,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant WILLIAM FELTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 18. Report of Major Edward G. Mathey, Eighty-first Indiana Infantry, of operations December 15-30, 1864.

HEADQUARTERS EIGHTY-FIRST INDIANA VOLUNTEERS, Near Lexington, Tenn., December 30, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that on December 15, 1864, the Eighty-first Indiana Volunteers was ordered to advance against the enemy. At about 4 p. m. it charged up a hill, took the works in its front, capturing at the same time about 66 prisoners. The loss of the regiment was 3 commissioned officers and 19 men killed and wounded. One officer (Captain E. M. Schell) was mortally wounded, and 4 men were

