
enemy had returned to Liberty three hours previous to my arrival. I was here by General Hodge. All the subsequent movements of my command are personally known to the general.

I am, lieutenant, your obedient servant,

FRANK P. POWERS,

Colonel.

Lieutenant WOODLIEF,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADDENDA.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY COMMAND,Brookhaven, November 26, 1864.

Brigadier-General HODGE,

Commanding District:

GENERAL: You having asked the opinion of several of the field-officers of your command in relation to the late of the enemy, according to your request I have the honor to submit mine:

The troops in the district were properly disposed of, and were I placed in command of the district I would have them posted at the same points; the safety of the district requires it. Colonel Gober could have joined the central column in six hours; I could join in eight hours. The blame is attributable to whosoever allowed the central camp to be surprised and allowed them to go to Liberty by the camp on the left. Had you been notified of the movements of the enemy of the in sufficient time we could have concentrated at Beaver Creek and defeated the enemy.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

FRANK P. POWERS,

Commanding Cavalry.

Numbers 7. Report of Captain John C. Mckowen, commanding scouts.

JACKSON, LA., November 23, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: Your orders and request for information in reference to the late raid have just been received.

The enemy advanced from six miles above Baton Rouge at the gallop and dashed on the pickets at about 10 o'clock Wednesday morning. My men were already saddled up, and after mounting and forming, I immediately dispatched a courier to Captain N. T. N. Robinson, apprising him of the advance of the enemy, and in ten minutes I was engaged. I fell back on plank road toward Clinton the enemy pursuing. After crossing the Comites River I sent a squad of men on what is called the Brashear road to watch if the enemy were coming, and if so, to send a dispatch to that effect. The enemy were advancing at a gallop, but the courier on that reached Clinton some time before the enemy. My first courier had orders to report to Colonel Ogeden, at Clinton, with the dispatch directed to Captain Robinson, to be read by the colonel, and to be forwarded by the regular courier line. Why no dispatch reached the general commanding I do not know. I know my dispatch was received at Clinton. The enemy while fighting me on plank road galloped up the Brashear road, and I was cut off from Clinton. On the Baton Rouge and Bayou Sara road the enemy chased the pickets

