
instantly killed. On December 16 the regiment was in reserve, and in following up the front line a cannot-ball struck in the regiment, wounding 3 men, one serenely, his leg being cut off. Since the above date we have been pursuing the enemy, but have not participated in any engagement.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

E. G. MATHEY,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant WILLIAM FELTON,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General,. 1st Brigadier 1st Div., 4th Army Corps.

Numbers 19. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Samuel N. Yeoman, Ninetieth Ohio Infantry, of operations December 15-30, 1864.

HDQRS. NINETIETH REGIMENT OHIO VOL. INFANTRY, Near Lexington, Ala., December 30, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In accordance with circular from brigade headquarters of this instant, I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken in the actions of the 15th and 16th instant, and the pursuit of General Hood's rebel forces to this place:

In accordance with orders received from brigade headquarters, my command was in line on the left of the Granny White pike at 6 a. m. on the 15th instant, and at 6.30 a. m. my regiment was relieved by a portion of Brigadier-General Cruft's command. At 7 a. m. it was in motion, moving across the Granny White pike by the right flank, following the Eighty-first Indiana. At 8.30 a. m. passed through our breast-works on the Hillsborough pike, and formed in line upon the right, the left of my regiment retired and resting near the pike. At 10 a. m. the skirmishers commenced advancing, and we moved over the crest of a hill in our front, obliquing to the left, our skirmishers driving the enemy in our front from his skirmish pits. A halt was ordered, during which the enemy used his artillery upon our lines. At 11 a. m. we were ordered forward a second time, the brigade making nearly a right half wheel, and throwing my regiment upon the left of the Hillsborough pike, its right resting upon the pike. In this advance of my battle line to enemy 's rifle-pits I lost but one man wounded. A battery being ordered into position, my command was moved to the left until it connected with the right of the Third Division. In this position we remained until 2 p. m., when I was ordered forward by Colonel Kirby to take a hill 400 yards form my front and within rifle-range of the enemy's works. I advanced without opposition until reaching the crest of the hill, when the enemy opened upon me from his works. I immediately put my men under cover, and ascertaining that a dug road in my front afforded a better protection for my men, by order of Colonel Kirby, I moved my men forward to it, where they were well protected, and from this position I opened a vigorous fire upon them. At about 4 p.m. I observed them shifting rapidly to the left; this I communicated to Colonel Kirby, when a charge was ordered, to which the men responded with cheers, and in ten minutes my regimental flag [was] first on the enemy's works and my men pursuing them. I ordered a halt, and reforming my regiment, was placed by Colonel Kirby in position at right angles with the enemy's works, my right resting

