
on their works. Formed thus, we moved forward, crossing the Granny White pike, and bivouacking 1,000 yards east of it, when my regiment was ordered to and built works parallel with the pike. In this action I lost thirty-two men in killed and wounded.

My entire command behaved with the greatest gallantry and enthusiasm, but I regret that in the enthusiasm and eagerness of my command to pursue the enemy that my command neglected secure the trophies of war that we had captured from the enemy, both these and the prisoners falling into the hands of other commands coming up to our support.

16th, my regiment again formed left of the front battle-line of the brigade, and moving out of our works by the right flank, we shifted gradually toward the enemy's right. At 9.30 a. m. we moved forward in line of battle, supporting the Second and Third Brigades, our movements entirely controlled by the movements of those commands. At 11 a. m., in advancing through an open corn- field on the right of the Franklin pike, I had one man wounded by artillery; from that until the enemy was routed, and night found us in pursuit of the enemy, my command acted quietly and efficiently in the execution of all orders. We bivouacked on the right of the Franklin pike, six miles south of Nashville.

On the 17th instant moved in same order on the Franklin pike, and bivouacked on the north side of Harpeth River near Franklin, making a march of twelve miles. On the 18th crossed the Harpeth, and moving in the direction of Columbia. On the 19th moved one mile, halted, and bivouacked. On the 20th, p. m., crossed the Harpeth, and moving in the direction of Columbia marched eighteen miles, and bivouacked on the banks of Duck River, opposite Columbia, where we remained until the 22nd, at 7 p. m., when we crossed Duck River, and moving through Columbia, bivouacked on the left of Mouth Pleasant pike. On the 23rd moved at 1 p. m. the Pulaski pike, and bivouacked six miles south of Columbia. On the 24th moved at 1 p.m., marching thirteen miles, and bivouacked on the right of Pulaski pike. On the 25th moved at 8 a.m., reaching and passing through Pulaski, twelve miles. At 1 p. m. crossed Richland Creek and moved out six miles, in support of cavalry, marching sixteen miles, and bivouacking at 8 p. m. Remained in same position until 5.30 a. m., when we moved out the same road twelve mils, bivouacking at 2 p. m. on Sugar Tree Creek. One the 28th moved at 8 a. m. and mad this point,a distance of twelve miles, at 5 p. m.

I cannot close my report without special mention of Color-Sergt. Jacob S. Cockerel for his gallantry in being first to plant his colors on the enemy's works, and would make special mention of other men, non-commissioned officers, and officers, but the universal good conduct and cheerfulness of the command throughout the battle and hard marches of the campaign will not admit of it.

Appended you will find a list of the killed and wounded of my command of the 15th and 16th instant.* Those that are marked slight were only thrown out of action during the first day; most of them now are with the command.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. N. YEOMAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant WILLIAM FELTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade, &amp;c.

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 4 men killed and 29 men wounded.

---------------

