HDQRS. NINETEENTH REGIMENT OHIO VOL. INFANTRY.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with circular from department headquarters of the 27th instant, I have the honor to forward the following statement in regard to a stand of rebel colors and several swords captured but not secured by my command on the 15th instant at Nashville, Tenn., and ask that you append it to my report of December 30, 1864:

The center of my regiment struck the enemy's works at the point where a rebel stand of colors was planted on the left of the for heretofore mentioned in my report, the right of it reaching to the left wing of said fort. As the members of Company H crossed the works Privates Irvin, Brown, and others, of Companies C and H, saw a stand of rebel colors on the ground near the ditch, but the hill after the flying enemy, and, in the excitement of the chase, not pausing to collect any trophies. In substantiation of this statement I append the statement of James R. Vansickle, a private of Company H of my command, who came up after the regiment had crossed the works, and says that he saw a soldier with a stand of rebel colors, and asking him where he captured them, he said that he picked them up right there, where the Ninetieth Ohio crossed the works. He then asked him to what regiment he belonged,and he replied to the Ninth Indiana. Others of my command saw him with the colors, and substantiate this.

As to the swords, there were as many as three or four others besides the one forwarded by me, with its history, shown me by soldiers of my command, which I ordered them to keep, but being ordered to form a new line and move forward in line of battle through the brush until long after night-fall, the soldiers could not carry them and they threw them away.

I claim credit for my command for the capture of this stand of colors, and also the prisoners who passed through my regimental line to the rear, and respectfully forward the name of Private James W. Horney, of Company C, as a soldier who by his heroic conduct, in being first on and over the enemy's works, fixing this bayonet as he mounted them, has won the right to receive any testimonial that the Government may see proper to award as an acknowledgment of his conduct.

I am, as ever, your obedient servant,S. N. YEOMAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

[Lieutenant WILLIAM FELTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.]

Numbers 20. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Bedan B. McDonald, One hundred and first Ohio Infantry, of operations December 15-30, and January 17-21, 1865.

HEADQUARTERS 101ST OHIO VOLUNTEERS, Huntsville, Ala., January 5, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of my command during the present campaign, commencing December 15, 1864:

During the night of December 14 orders were received to provide the necessary amount of ammunition and make other preparations for

