
an active campaign. At the same time orders were also received to move at 6 o'clock the following morning. I had previously taken the precaution to make all needful preparations, and was ready to move promptly at the time designated. The colonel commanding in person assigned ot my regiment the right of the front line of his brigade, and at the same time gave general directions to be observed during the day, to be varied only as he should direct. I moved with the brigade across the Granny White pike, beyond the Acklen place, then west on the Hillsobrough pike, and formed in line of battle in front of the works constructed by the Second Division, Fourth Army Corps, and to the right of the Hillsborough pike. In this position we remained during most of the forenoon, waiting for the formations on our extreme right to be completed. I think it was near 12 m. when the first general advance was ordered. As we moved forward I noticed that the Ninth Regiment Indiana Volunteers, General Grose's brigade, joined on my right, and the general guide was right. Our skirmishers succeed in driving those of the enemy beyond the point at which our first line was to be established, and my regiment sustained no loss in reaching it. While in this position the enemy shelled us vigorously, but succeeded in doing but little damage. At 2 o'clock in the afternoon another advance was made to a road running parallel and within about 300 yards of the rebel works. The banks of this road formed an excellent protection to our men from the enemy's musketry, which at times was very severe. In the last advance we had crossed the Hillsborough pike and formed about 200 or 300 yards to its left. While in this position, and at about 4 p. m., an assault of the works was ordered, and executed in splendid style. My regiment moved forward promptly at the command, although encountered by a heavy fire of musketry. As far as my observation went no one fathered until the enemy's works were in our hands, and I claim for my regiment the honor of having planted the first colors on the rebel works at that point of the line. In the advance the right wing of my regiment struck an angle in the works in which was posted three pieces of artillery. Officers and men forced their way through the embrasures, capturing these guns. The artillery (three pieces) was turned over to the ordnance department and a memorandum receipt given by Lieutenant Croxton, ordnance officer First Division, Fourth Army Corps. Two officer's sabers were captured, and have been forwarded with statement, though the adjutant-general's department. We also captured and sent to the rear about 100 prisoners, including several commissioned officers. The ground in and about the trenches was strewn with abandoned clothing, small-arms, entrenching tools, &amp;c. At this time the utmost enthusiasm prevailed, and the command became somewhat scattered, and it was near night-fall before it could be reformed. The direction of march was here changed toward the Granny White pike. The ground was very uneven, and moving in line quite difficult as well as tiresome on the men. By direction of the colonel commanding I threw forward a company as skirmishers, and the advance was continued to a short distance beyond the Granny White pike, where a halt was ordered and position taken for the night.

Where all did so well it is difficult to discriminate in favor of any one, but I feel that my own thanks and those of the command are due to Sergt. Jesse H. Hall, Company I, who was temporarily carrying the regimental colors. I never witnessed more gallant conduct than he displayed during the entire day, always carrying the colors at the head of the command.

13 R R-VOL XLV, PT I

