
On the 16th my regiment was changed from the right to the center of the brigade. Being in reserve we did not become engaged and suffered no loss. We moved to the Franklin pike and out too Brentwood Hills, and there bivouacked until daylight the following morning. I have participated with other portions of the army in pursuit of the enemy as far as Lexington, Ala.

A report of the casualties of m command has already been forwarded through the proper channels.

I have to thank both officers and men for gallant bearing during the two days of battle and victory at Nashville, and for the uncomplaining and patient manner in which they have endured the severities of the campaign.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. B. Mcdonald,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding 101st Ohio Volunteers.

Lieutenant WILLIAM FELTON,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 1st Div., 4th Army Corps.

HEADQUARTERS 101ST OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, Huntsville, Ala., January 22, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report:

In compliance with orders received from headquarters on the evening of the 17th instant I furnished my regiemtn with three days' rations of hard bread and moved at 7 p. m. same day out the Big Cove road in pursuit of a parity of bushwhackers that had captured on e first lieutenant, four men, and one team of a forage party that had been sent out from my regiment on that day. On the morning of the 18th Lieutenant White, Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, reported to me with one company of cavalry,twenty-five men, as also Captain Harris, Union scout and guide, with written instructions for me. I crossed Flint River by means of a raft constructed of logs and a small canoe, and scoured the country lying between Flint River and Paint Rock River from the Tennessee River as ar north as Cedar Mountain, capturing four bushwhackers, with their horses, arms, and accouterments; also two citizens charged with harboring and feeding bushwhackers, named John Cobband William P. Hornbuckle. The names of the prisoners captured with arms are Adams Cobb,, Thoephilus Cobb, George W. Hunt, and Harrison D. Herring. I am informed that all the above-named prisoners have taken the oath of allegiance to the United States Government, since which time they have engaged in bushwhacking. I burned some fifty tenements on my line of allegiance to the United States Government, since which time they have engaged in bushwhacking. I burned some fifty tenements on my line of march that were occupied by bushwhackers and their supporters, leaving their families in a houseless, helpless condition, with orders to leave that country by going north or moving south of the Tennessee River. The community at large through the country be guerrillas, by feeding them and communicating with them, informing them of any Federal force that is in the vicinity, in order that if they are closely pursued, they hide their arms, disband, and become good, loyal citizens at once, armed with an oath of allegiance, properly attested and approved by U. S. officers. Such being the cease, with the addition of the mountains to flee to in order ot conceal themselves in the

