
rocks and caves, it is impossible ot capture them without they are taken wholly by surprise. I returned to camp on the afternoon of the 21st, being absent four days.

Respectfully submitted.

B. B. Mcdonald,

Lieutenant Colonel 101th Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Commanding Expedition.

Lieutenant WILLIAM FELTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 21. Reports of Brigadier General Walter C. Whitaker, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade of operations November 30 and December 15-16, 1864.

HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Nashville, Tenn., December 6, 1864.

I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this brigade on the 30th day of November, 1864:

On that day at 4 a. m. my brigade moved form Spring Hill, on the west side of the turnpike road, bringing up the rear of the army. On reaching the heights about two miles south of Franklin, I formed a line of two battalions front on the summit of the ridge, and massed my remaining regiments in rear. My position was on the west side of the pike; joining me east of the pike was General Wagner's division, of the Fourth Corps. About 12 o'clock the enemy was discovered moving upon my position in strong force in several lines of battle, with a heavy skirmish line in front. I at once deployed my brigade along the high range of hills to my right, and threw up a temporary lien of breast-works. While moving into position one man, a sergeant of Company C, Ninety-sixth Illinois Volunteers, was mortally wounded. After remaining in this position about one hour I was ordered to withdraw my brigade and report to the general commanding, at Franklin. I moved into the city at once and was thrown into position on the right; next on its left the Fortieth Ohio Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel James Watson commanding; next, Twenty-first Kentucky Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel J. C. Evans commanding; on the left. I held in reserve the Ninety- sixth Illinois Volunteers, Major George Hicks, the Twenty-third Kentucky Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel G. W. Northup, and the Fifty-first Ohio, Lieutenant Colonel C. H. Wood. My front lien was ordered to construct a line of works, which were but half finished when they were assaulted by the enemy in force, supposed to be two brigades. The fighting was minutes, when they broke and fled, to return no more; they lost many killed and wounded. My loss was slight, having but 1 man killed and 8 wounded. I remained in this position until 12 o'clock at night, when pursuant to orders, I withdrew from my works and crossed the river, taking up the line of march for Nashville.

