
by him, with some loss, and the rebels were found in a position strongly entrenched covering the Franklin turnpike road. Steadily advancing under a heavy fire of artillery, my command moved to within 1,000 yards of the enemy's works. In my immediate front were two rebel batteries of four guns each, 12 pounder Napoleons, Pattus' brigade and other rebel troops supporting in strong entrenchments, with strong embrasures for their artillery. They kept up a constant fire of shell, round shot, and musketry on my main line and skirmishers, killing and wounding some of my officers and men. By 2 p. m. of to-day three several assaults had been made on the enemy's lines-one by the Thrid Division, one by the Second Division, and one by the Third Brigade of the Fist Division of the Fourth Corps. They were made with great bravery and persistence, but were repulsed. Between 1 and 2 p. m. my front line was moved, under heavy fire, to between 400 and 500 yards of the enemy's main lines, in an open corn-field, where a frail protection was temporarily thrown up. At between 3 and 4 p. m. heavy firing indicated that General Schofield and General Smith were driving the rebels on the extreme right on their front. General Garrard's division, on my right, having orders to advance, without awaiting orders I directed my brigade to storm the enemy's works in my front. This order met with the most cordial approval of General Kimball, division commander, who came up as my troops were beginning to move. With alacrity and gallantry unsurpassed the storming column, composed of the Fifty-first Ohio, Twenty-first Kentucky, and Ninety-sixth Illinois, with the second line at supporting distance (all under fire), advanced through an open cornfield for 400 or 500 yards, under a terrific fire of shell, canister, and musketry. The enemy's lines were stormed. Nothing could impede the boldness and energy of the attack, and in four or five minutes their works, 6 pieces of artillery, 600 stand of small-arms, and between 400 and 500 prisoners were ours. Many of the enemy were killed and wounded, and those surviving not taken prisoners precipitately fled in great disorder. The Ninety-sixth Illinois followed them rapidly, sweeping down the line of their works, adding to their wild confusion and terror. By the time we had possession of their works and had planted the flag of our country on them, the Third Brigade swept down on its front, and soon the entire rebel front was one wild scene of rout and terror. So energetic and impetuous was the assault of my brigade that two of the pieces of artillery captured were found double-shorted with canister; the gunners had fallen or fled, and the pieces left undischarged. With alacrity the brigade was pushed forward down to and on the right of the Franklin turnpike road, accompanied by Battery M, of the Fourth Regulars, until it became too dark to proceed farther.

After halting, Provost-Marshal Lieutenant Pepoon was sent to collect and take care of the spoils of victory, and reported, in addition to the cannon, small-arms, and prisoners, a large supply of entrenching tools.

My loss was light, compared with the danger incurred and the great results accomplished, being 1 officer and 8 privates killed, and 34 privates wounded, and 1 private missing, making a grand total on both days of 49. This smallness of loss is attributable to the high firing of the enemy, who overshot the storming column.

It is with deep regret that I record the death of Lieutenant Hugh A. Hedger, of the Twenty-first Kentucky. He was killed by a solid shot, at the head of his company. Intelligent, brave, generous, and efficient

