
as an officer, his loss will be deeply felt by his regiment and the service; to his friends and widowed mother it is irreparable, but they feel that he has left a name for honor as imperishable as the everlasting hills under whose shadow he yielded up is life for his country.

Appended to this report will be found tables of my loss. The ardor of pursuit prevented my enumerating and giving the loss the enemy; it was heavy.

We were supported on the advance of to-day by Captain Ziegler's (Second Pennsylvania) battery, and later in the day by Battery M of the Fourth Regulars, Captain Canby and Lieutenant Stephenson being in command. Both batteries were handled with consummate skill and effect. Each of the officers I have mentioned, as also the men of the batteries under my immediate notice, bore themselves well and deserve the highest praise.

A generous emulation and spirit of rivalry pervaded my command as to two should reach the enemy's lines first. From the length of my line it was impossible for me to see whose colors were first on the enemy's works, but little difference of time was between all of the storming column. I must divide the honor between them, for the flag of our country was never more gallantly borne. A high meed of praise is due the supporting column for the promptness of its movements. I must specially mention as highly deserving of our country, Colonel J. H. Moore, Lieutenant-Colonel Evans, Lieutenant-Colonel Wood, Lieutenant-Colonel Northup, Lieutenant-Colonel Tassin, Lieutenant-Colonel Humphrey, and Major Hicks. Each one of these officers commanded regiments, and did so bravely and ably. I speak most favorably of the coolness and bravery of Major HIskins, of the Twenty-first Kentucky, and of Lieutenant-Colonel Poteet, of the One hundred and fifteenth Illinois, who was division officer of the day. 'Tis with pleasure that I call the attention of the general commanding to a list of those who have been specially noticed by their regimental commanders, accompanying this report. Of the brave and indomitable men composing my command from Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and Kentucky, I can truly say they did their whole duty fairly, efficiently, and with an intensity of spirit seldom equaled, and never surpassed.

Through the labors and services of my brave staff officers-Captain H. F. Temple, acting assistant adjutant-general; my aides, Lieutenant John B. Buckner and Lieutenant C. W. Earle; my inspector, Captain John M. Frew, and my provost-marshal, Lieutenant Pepoon-the whole power and effective strength of my brigade was hurled upon the enemy at the right moment, and in the most available manner. Quick to comprehend and swift to execute every order regardless of any danger, the warmest gratitude of our country, the highest praise of the general commanding, and my warmest thanks for their services, are due them.

Brigade Surg. C. J. Walton and Surgeons Jonnings, Evans, and Averdick came under my immediate observation in the discharge of their noble duty of alleviating the sufferings of our brave wounded, and this while under heavy fire from the enemy.

Of Father Cooney, chaplain of the Thirty-fifth Indiana, I commend him as an example of the army chaplin; meek, pious, and brave as a lion, he worked with his brave regiment in the valley of the shadow of death, affording the ministrations of his holy religion to the wounded and dying, and giving words of encouragement to his fellow soldiers.

It is with commingled feelings of pride and satisfaction that I record the part taken by the Iron Brigade-an integra part of the splendid,

