
NOVEMBER 14-21, 1864.-Expedition from Baton Rouge, La., to Brookhaven, Miss., and skirmishers.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General Albert L. Lee, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry division, Department of the Gulf.

Numbers 2.-Major General Franklin Gardner, C. S. Army, commanding District of Mississippi and East Louisiana.

Numbers 3.-Brigadier General George B. Hodge, C. S. Army, commanding District of Southwest Mississippi and East Louisiana.

Numbers 4.-Colonel John S. Scott, First Louisiana Cavalry.

Numbers 5.-Colonel Daniel Gober, Sixteenth Louisiana Infantry, commanding mounted infantry.

Numbers 6.-Colonel Frank P. Powers, commanding cavalry.

Numbers 7.-Captain John C. McKowen, commanding scouts.

Numbers 8.-Findings of a Court of Inquiry convened to examine and report upon the conduct of Brigadier General George B. Hodge.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Albert L. Lee, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Division, Department of the Gulf.

HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION.

Baton Rouge, La., November 22, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, in pursuance of orders from the general commanding, and in accordance with plans submitted to and approved by him I moved the effective force of my command on the 14th and 15th instant, as follows:

Colonel Fonda, commanding Second Brigade, with 500 men, moved on the evening of the 14th to Port Hudson, and remained there until the following night. At dark he moved north through, Jackson and beyond fifteen miles to the rebel Camp Beauregard. This camp was occupied by the Third Louisiana Cavalry. It was surprised, a number of the enemy taken, a number killed, and the remainder scattered. About 20 wagons were destroyed and a large quantity of flour and meal. At daylight Colonel Fonda moved across to the Clinton and Liberty road and joined the main column. At 2 p. m. the 15th Lieutenant-Colonel Marsh, Second Illinois Cavalry, with 500 men of the Third Brigade, Colonel Davis, moved out on the Greensburg road, crossed the Amite River at Davidson's Ford, and moving north, entered the town of Liberty at 8 p. m. of the 16th, completely surprising the enemy and capturing a large number of officers and men-about 60. Among these were four of General Hodge's staff; General Hodge barely effected his escape. Colonel Marsh remained during the night, and in the morning moved southwest, joining the main column. At 5 p. m. on the 15th the remained of the division, under my personal command, move doubt on the Clinton road; a section of artillery, First Wisconsin Horse Artillery, accompanied the column. The pickets of the enemy were met twenty miles out;Clinton was surprised at daylight and several prisoners captured. At noon the 16th column moved toward Liberty and joined Colonel Fonda; camped at Beayer Creek, thirteen miles from Liberty. At noon next day, 17th, reached Liberty, where Colonel Marsh joined. At 5 p. m. 17th Colonel Fonda, with 500 men of the Second Brigade, moved on Brookhaven, distant forty-six miles. At

