
Numbers 22. Report of Major George Hicks, Ninety-sixth Illinois Infantry, of operations December 15-16, 1864.

HDQRS. NINETY-SIXTH Regiment ILLINOIS VOL. INFANTRY, In the Field (in pursuit of Hood), December 19, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this regiment on the 15th and 16th instant:

On Thursday, December 15, the regiment broke camp at 6 a. m. and moved forward with the brigade, occupying a position on the left of the second line. The regiment was held in reserve during the day, and was not actively engaged with the enemy, nor did it suffer any loss, though under the fire of the enemy's artillery. Friday morning, December 16, the regiment had position on the left of the front line of the brigade. During the forenoon it moved forward to the right of Grose's brigade, taking position in the edge of a skirt of timber to the right of the Franklin pike, leaving an open field between us and the enemy's main line of entrenchments, which was 1,000 yards distant. In our immediate front was a rebel battery of four guns, 12-pounder Napoleons, which briskly engaged Stephenson's battery on our immediate right. Between 12 and 1 o'clock orders to advance the line were received, and the regiment moved forward in good style to the point indicated, about 500 yards nearer the enemy's works, and hastily constructed a line of protecting breast-works. In front of my left as it then rested the enemy's line formed almost a right angle, with their right thrown forward so as to subject us, in case of a further advance, to a direct cross-fire. The enemy's battery was in position at the angel. About 4 p. m., and while yet at work at the breast-works, I received orders to conform to the movements of the troops on my right, and if they advanced to move forward with them. I had barely time to communicate this order before the right of the brigade was discovered in motion. The order was immediately given to my regiment to move forward, which was promptly obeyed. A little confusion was occasioned by some delay on the part of troops on my immediate right, in consequence of which the line was not as perfectly formed as I could wish, but the men advanced, all of them, most gallantly, keeping such line as they could. We started on the double-quick, but the plowed field over which we marched was so muddy that it was impossible to maintain so rapid a gait. The advance, however, was steady and unwavering, though extremely fatiguing. We were not a little annoyed by the cross-fire to which we were subjected and the shower of grape and canister which the rebel battery remained about us, but, most fortunately, they overshot us in the main, and our loss was surprisingly light. The steady advance of the regiment was unchecked, and it pushed forward until it had possession of the rebel line of works, striking them some thirty yards to the right of the battery. Without a moment's halt the regiment immediately turned to the left and captured the men and guns of the battery while the artillerists were yet engaged in putting in another charge of grape. The prisoners were ordered back, and the regiment swept down the line of works, capturing large numbers of prisoners, which were sent to the rear. Among the prisoners captured were large numbers who had fled from the works in our immediate front as we advanced, and who had huddled together in a hollow to the left of the battery. At this time the rebel brigade and battery confronting Grose, seeing our advance directly upon their flank, broke and fled precipitately down the pike. The regiment deployed on their flank and pushed forward to intercept their progress, but the men

