
Third Brigades, First Division, and only followed the movements of the brigade, as the work of routing the enemy was so complete as to preclude the necessity of putting the reserved into action. My regiment suffered but slightly during the day, though frequently exposed to a heavy fire from the enemy's artillery. On the 16th my command took position in the second line of battle, and moved on the enemy, supporting the right of the first line. On this day my command was more exposed and suffered more severely than on the day previous; but with the exception of one company, which was on the skirmish line, my regiment was not actively engaged, as the front line carried the enemy's works with such slight resistance as to leave scarcely anything for the second line to do.

My entire command behaved with commendable coolness during the entire engagement. My losses as follows:*

We have, with the entire Fourth Corps, pursued the enemy vigorously and successfully up to this camp, but with no additional casualties.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. MOORE,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain H. F. TEMPLE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier 1st Div., 4th Army Corps.

Numbers 24. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Augustus G. Tassin, Thirty-fifth Indiana Infantry, of operations December 15-19, 1864.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTY-FIFTH INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,In the Field, near Rutherford's Creek, Tenn., December 19, 1864.

CAPTAIN: On the evening of the 14th instant, while in front of Nashville, I received orders to be ready to move at 6 o'clock the next morning, with three days' rations in haversacks and each man supplied with sixty rounds of ammunition. On the morning of the 15th moved outside of our works in front of the city, and formed in lien of battle, my regiment being in the second line of our brigade, which was held in reserve, the Twenty-third Kentucky on my right, and the Ninety-sixth Illinois on the left. Our front line having carried the enemy's works and still advancing, our brigade moved forward in support until after dark, when we went into camp about three miles and a half from Nashville, on the right of the Granny White pike, and between it and the Hillsborough pike. Next day (December 16) broke camp at daylight, and advanced in line of battle upon the enemy, who had formed a new line of defense about two miles in the rear of the works taken by our troops on the preceding day. The Thirty-fifth Indiana held the center of the second line of the brigade, with the One hundred and fifteenth Illinois on the right and the Twenty-third Kentucky on the left; in this order was gradually advanced until the rebel works came in view, when a rebel battery opened on our front line. The brigade being at a halt, we remained in this position exposed to the fire of the enemy's artillery, which was kept up irregularly on our line. While in this position several shots came tearing through my regiment, two of which killed 2 men and mortally wounded 2 others. About 4 p. m. our front line was ordered to charge, and carrying the enemy's works, the second line moved rapidly in support. The enemy broke and fled in confusion, our

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 9 men wounded.

---------------

