
brigade rapidly pursuing in the same order as they formed in the morning, until dark, when we halted and bivouacked about eight miles from Nashville, 300 yards on the right of the Franklin pike. Next morning (the 17th) took the line of march for Franklin, and camped about one mile from the town, there to wait until a bridge could be constructed across the Harpeth River for the troops to cross. Crossed the river next morning, marched eighteen miles, and camped about three miles beyond Spring Hill, on the right of the Columbia pike.

My officers and men behaved gallantry. Although the majority of the men of my regiment are recruits they did well. Great praise is due to Father Cooney for his constant presence in the field, attending to the wants of the wounded and cheering us all by his presence.

The following are the casualties in my command. The occurred on the 16th.*

Trusting that the conduct of the Thirty-fifth Indiana has met the approval of the general commanding the brigade, I submit this hasty and hurriedly written report.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

AUGUST. G. TASSIN,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Thirty-fifth Indiana Volunteer Infantry.

Captain H. F. TEMPLE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 25. Report of Lieutenant Colonel James C. Evans, Twenty-first Kentucky Infantry, of operations December 15-16, 1864.
HDQRS. TWENTY-FIRST Regiment KENTUCKY VET. VOL. INFTY.,In the Field, near Columbia, Tenn., December 19, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my regiment during the engagement in front of Nashville, on the 15th and 16th:

On the morning of the 15th, at daylight, I moved my regiment in obedience to your orders, with the brigade, from its position near the Granny White pike, about half a mile to the right, and took position in the front line of the brigade, just outside the breast-works, with the Forty-fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry on my right and the One hundred and fifteenth Illinois on my left. I was not engaged during the day, the brigade being in reserve. At night my regiment was put in bivouac on the Granny White pike. During the day I had 1 man killed (J. A. Nicholas, private, Company E) and 1 slightly wounded (W. A. Gibbany, private, Company C.) On the morning of the 16th, at daylight, I moved out by the right flank to the first line of works, from which the rebels were driven the evening before, at a point about half way between the Granny White and Franklin pikes, and was there assigned to a position in the front line, with the Forty-fifth Ohio on my right and the Ninety-sixth Illinois on my left. We then moved forward to the second line of works where we halted for about one hour. We then moved to the front and right to a point about half a mile from the position occupied by the rebels, where we were halted and aligned, and then moved forward, all the time subjected to a heavy fire from the rebel artillery,

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 2 men killed and 2 men wounded.

---------------

