
when I was directed to conform with the movements of the regiment on my right, which moved off by the right flank. I followed them for a short distance, when I was directed to form a double column and follow the Ninety-sixth Illinois Volunteers Infantry, which formed the left of the front line. I followed them until they reached the rebel works near the Franklin pike, where I deployed the regiment immediately in rear of the Ninety-sixth. In a few minutes after the deployment I was directed to follow the One hundred and fifteenth Illinois Volunteer Infantry, which moved off by the right flank. I followed them for some distance, when we again went into position, my regiment forming the left of the second line. In this position we moved forward in line of battle about 500 yards, the enemy using his artillery upon us pretty briskly. But the men moved steadily forward and paid no attention to the shell that were bursting around them. We reached the position about 1 p. m. and remained until 3 a. m., when were again ordered forward, and only reached a line of works that had been built by the front line. Here we remained until the front lien had succeeded din taking the verbal works and were driven the enemy handsomely in front of them. After the enemy was thoroughly routed we again advanced, and soon overtook the front line and followed on until we went into camp for the night. Here the fighting ceased, and we have followed the enemy to this place and expect to go at him again in the morning.

I am indebted to all of the officers of the regiment for the prompt manner in which they followed my directions, and for their assistance in keeping the [men] quiet under the severe shelling that we lay under on the 16th instant. The casualties in the regiment were very slight, as the regiment was in the second line during the entire two days' engagements. The following is the list of losses in the two days' fight in front of Nashville:

Harvey Compass and William H. Jenkins, Company A, and William J. Miles, Company F.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. NORTHUP,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Twenty-third Kentucky Infantry.

Captain H. F. TEMPLE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 11st Div., 4th Army Corps.

Numbers 27. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John H. Humphrey, Forty-fifth Ohio Infantry, of operations December 15-16, 1864.
HDQRS,. FORTY-FIFTH OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,December 19, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the action before Nashville December 15 and 16:

On the morning of the 15th the regiment moved in front on the right of the brigade, and although frequently exposed to the enemy's artillery, our loss was very light, only one man wounded-Sergt. Joseph W. James, Company E; no other casualties on that day. On the 16th the regiment moved second from the right of the brigade, in the front line, and after advancing in line for about half a mile, we halted in a peach orchard in front of one of our batteries. The enemy, seeing our position, commenced a furious shelling, during which we had one man

