
killed-James H. Eastman, Company F. In a short time we received orders to advance to within 300 yards of the enemy's works; we did so, and at once threw up breast-works, laid there some two hours, when we were notified that an advance was intended. We were to be governed by the movements of the regiment on our right, and which was a little in the rear of our line. The command "Forward!" was given, and as soon as the regiment on our right came up on a line with us we advanced over our works, and with a yell charged the enemy in their works, driving them in every direction and capturing many, and amidst shouts of applause the colors were planted on the enemy's works.

Not one of my officers faltered; all did their duty nobly. As far as I was able to ascertain the men did their duty well. Lieutenant A. G. Henderson, Company C, was the first to reach the enemy's works, and came very near being captured, but support coming up at once, he was able to take his captors prisoners. I think I am safe in saying that he was the first to reach the enemy's artillery. In this charge we had two men wounded-Corpl. Wallace Botkin, Company K, mortally; William Norman, Company I, slightly. Much credit is due all my officers, but especially to Adjt. W. M. Williams, who was of great service to me in the absence of the other field officers; the adjutant was always at his post cheering the men, and being of much assistance to me.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. HUMPHREY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain H. F. TEMPLE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 28. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Charles H. Wood, Fifty-first Ohio Infantry, of operations December 15-19, 1864.
HDQRS. FIFTY-FIRST Regiment OHIO VET. VOL. INFANTRY,December 19, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with circular from brigade headquarters I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Fifty-first Ohio in the recent battle in front of Nashville, and its operations from the morning of the 15th of December up to the present time:

At daylight December 15 the Fifty-first Ohio moved with the balance of the Second Brigade outside of the defenses of Nashville, and to the right of the Hillsborough pike, where the brigade was massed and haled in reserve, not taking part in the action, but keeping in supporting distance of the advance line during the entire day, and camping at night on the right of the Granny White pike, one mile from the defenses of the city. On the morning of the 16th instant at 6 o'clock I moved my command, with the balance of the brigade, half a mile south on the Granny White pike, and formed line of battle, the Fifty-first Ohio taking position on the right of the second line. The brigade then moved about three-quarters of a mile toward the Franklin pike, when it changed direction and moved south parallel with the pike. At this juncture the Fifty-first Ohio was ordered to the front line, which consisted of the Fifty-first Ohio on the right, the Forty-fifth Ohio and Twenty-first Kentucky in the center, and Ninety-sixth Illi-

