
nois on the left. With this formation the Second Brigade moved forward and obliqued to the right, unmasking the Third Brigade, First Division, Fourth Corps, and filling a gap that existed between the Third Brigade and the left of the Sixteenth Corps. Moving forward with he line about 600 yards we came in sight of the enemy's works, which were located at the foot of a high range of hail. The enemy observing our advance opened heavily with artillery from several batteries. The Sixteenth Corps coming to a halt, and having received orders from General Whitaker to govern my movements by the troops on my right, I was compelled to haled my regiment in an open field, exposed to the fire of both musketry and artillery. I was here ordered to build works, which I immediately proceeded to do. The enemy attempted to dislodge us from our position with artillery, but were soon silenced by the Third Indiana Battery on our right and the Second Pennsylvania on our left.

In this position I remained, skirmishing with the enemy until 4 o'clock, at which time the Sixteenth Corps charged the enemy's works, and in compliance with previous orders I immediately moved out of my works (then nearly completed), and charging across an open field a distance of 600 yards under a fire of musketry and artillery, drove the enemy from his works in great confusion, throwing his small-arms in every direction, and abandoning a battery of four guns. The regiments on the left conforming to the same movement, we continued the pursuit (capturing many prisoners) until night-fall, when I went into camp with the balance of the brigade on the Franklin pike, seven miles from Nashville. From the morning of the 17th instant up to the present time I have conformed to the movement of the brigade in the pursuit of the enemy, and not having been engaged will refrain from going into the details of the march. The strength of my command upon entering the firth was 10 officers and 550 men. My loss was slight, but 1 man killed and 10 wounded.

I cannot close this report without mention of the officers and men of my regiment for the coolness and gallantry exhibited when under fire and in the assault made upon the enemy's works; not a man faltered, but each and every one seemed to vie with the other in being foremost in the charge. To my staff-Adjt. John E. Smith and Sergt. Major Samuel G. J. Worthington-I tender my thanks for assistance rendered me and commend them for their gallantry. I also take pleasure in mentioning the names of Captain William Nicholas, Lieutenants Knous, Fisher, Ayres, Croxton, Pocock, and Purvis for the masterly manner in which they handled their men and their gallant bearing during the action. Having but seven line officers, Companies B, E, and C were commanded by Sergeants Shaw, English, and Carruthers, who did honor to themselves and commands, and are deserving promotion. I wish to make special mention of my assistant surgeon, Dr. Robert P. Jennings, who remained at all times with the line of ballet, rendering immediate relief to the wounded, and to whom I am under obligations for assistance in carrying orders. In addition to the tabular statement required with this report, as the casualties are light, I hereto annex a list of the names.*

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. WOOD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain H. F. TEMPLE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 1st Div., 4th Army Corps.

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 man killed and 10 men wounded.

---------------

