
Numbers 29. Reports of Brigadier General William Grose, U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade, of operations November 30, December 8, and December 15, 1864-January 6, 1865.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Nashville, Tenn., December 5, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the part taken by this command in the battle at Franklin, Tenn., on the 30th ultimo.

The effective force (seven regiments) present was about 2,277. We marched the preceding night and morning of the 30th from near the north bank of Duck River, a distance of seventeen miles. Arrived at Franklin about 10 a. m. During this march the enemy was menacing, and in some places attacking our right flank and trains, and had engaged some others of our forces at Spring Hill the evening before severely. After arriving at Franklin and resting about an hour, while surveying the position, I was ordered and took position on the right of the Centerville pike with the left of the infantry line resting on the pike, the Eighty-fourth Indiana, Thirtieth Indiana, Seventy-fifth Illinois, and Ninth Indiana in the front line from left to right in the order named; the latter regiment on the right refused about 150 yards out of the main line. The Eightieth and eighty-fourth Illinois Regiments were placed n the rear line, the latter so placed as to cover a ravine and low piece of ground between the Seventy-fifth Illinois and Ninth Indiana. The Seventy-seventh Pennsylvania was all placed upon the skirmish line covering the brigade front, at half a mile out. As I was forming these lines and getting into position Captain Ziegler, Company B, Pennsylvania Battery, of four guns, reported to me; I placed him on the left of the pike, prolonging the left of my front line. The lines thus formed faced southwest. My left was extended by a brigade of General Ruger's division, Twenty-third Corps, and to the right of my brigade were the other two brigades of our division, extending to the river. The command was thus in position by 1 p. m., when all hands went vigorously at work making barricades, preparing for the reception of the enemy that we knew were coming. About 4 o'clock skirmishing commenced, and about 5 o'clock the enemy in two lines made his appearance, drove in our skirmishers, and advanced steady in good order and with great determination until their front line came within about 250 yards, when or front line was ordered and commenced to return the fire. The destruction to the enemy was terrible, yet they pressed forward, but the of them got nearer than 100 yards of our lines. The enemy's front line apparently mostly fell; a few scattered and disappeared. His second line broke and fell back in confusion. In about thirty minutes after this repulse the enemy again made his appearance about 400 yards to my right, moving by the flank perpendicular to my front line, evidently contemplating nothing to the right of my brigade. In this he was mistaken. He soon came upon Colonel Kirby's brigade to my right, and by a concentrated fire direct from Kirby and oblique from the right of my line was soon severely punished and driven back in confusion.

After dark a short time the enemy again advanced and made a weak attempt to carry our position, but was repulsed as before. We then advanced our skirmishers, and so continued until we were ordered and withdrew at midnight to the north side of Harpeth River, and marched for this place. It was Loring's division, of Stewart's corps, of the rebel army, that engaged my brigade, as we learned from prisoners taken.

