
lines; hence, the forenoon was used in the Sixteenth Corps swinging around and driving in the out lines of the enemy so as to meet his main lines at the same time our corps would in a general advance.

Upon an intervening ridge or hill, half-way distant from where my lines were formed and the enemy's main lines, were his lines of outpost, and about 600 yards from where we formed. At about noon our corps lines moved forward, drove in the enemy's outposts, my front line capturing several prisoners and sustaining some loss, mostly from artillery. We occupied the ridge that had been in possession of the enemy, with our skirmishers well advanced down the farther slope. While in this position I suggested to the corps commander that if another intervening eminence to the left of my command that if another intervening eminence to the left of my command, and in front of Colonel Kirby's brigade, was carried, and the enemy's outposts driven therefrom, I thought I could then advance over the valley in my front and ascend the hill and carry the enemy's main line and his artillery that had been dealing roughly with us. The corps commander said it should be done. In a few minutes thereafter I received directions from the division commander to advance in conjunction with colonel Kirby's brigade on my left, which was then commencing to move. I sounded the forward, and advanced my front line down the slope, over hedges and stone fences, across a narrow valley, and to a long stone fence at the base of the enemy's hill about 400 yards from his main works and battery in the angle as I have above described. Colonel Kirby's brigade advanced equally as far. The division on my right did not come up until some time after. Some time was consumed in this position in preparing for the assault, our skirmishers gradually crawling up the hill. In this position my two left regiments in front line had crossed, and lay to the left of the Hillsborough pike. At about 4 o'clock the corps and division commanders, I think, were on the lines to my left. I discovered preparations for the advance in that direction, and the lines began to move. I ordered the forward, and the whole line from right o left as far as I could see advanced rapidly. The Eightieth Illinois, my center regiment, struck the enemy's works at the angle, the Eighty-fourth Illinois to the right, and the Ninth Indiana to the left. The struggle was soon over, the enemy routed, leaving four pieces of artillery and some prisoners in this part of the works. My two left regiments, without further orders and without stopping to count their trophies or captured, pursued the fleeing enemy beyond his works about 600 yards, and was anxious for farther pursuit. It was suit, and succeeded in crossing the Granny White pike, moving along the enemy's works to the east, when the darkness prevented farther movements, and we threw up some works at our front lines and rested for the night.

At daylight on the morning of the 16th I was directed and moved my command to the front, crossed a creek, and occupied the abandoned works of the enemy to the right of the Franklin pike. Skirmishing was now going on in front. We soon advanced to another abandoned line of works, and after considerable moving about near the pike, and the position of the enemy being ascertained, I was directed, and near noon formed in line on the right of the Second Division of our corps, and to the right of the pike, and on the left of the Second Brigade of our division, the Seventy-fifth Illinois, Eighty-fourth Indiana, and Seventy-seventh Pennsylvania in front line from right ot left in the order named; the Eighty-fourth Illinois and Ninth Indiana in second line; the Eightieth Illinois and Thirtieth Indiana in third line. The

