
enemy's lines were in plain view, and skirmishing and artillery firing were briskly going on. The ground to my front was open, mostly a farm, with a ravine running obliquely across my front to the left, and which I had to cross before reaching the enemy's lines. A little after noon the advance was ordered and the whole lines moved as far as I could see either way. We soon drove in the enemy's skirmishers to their outputs or first works, and assaulted and carried them. On gaining these works I discovered the Second Division to my left moving beyond to the main line of the enemy's works, which was about 400 yards to my front; I also ordered the forward, but as I was starting I discovered the line to my right was not moving, and I halted my two right regiments, seeing they could not advance alone without a severe flank fire upon them. The left regiment, Seventy-seventh Pennsylvania, Colonel Rose, moved forward to the right of the Second Division to within a few paces of the enemy's main works. The Second Division being repulsed, Colonel Rose's regiment as fell back to the first line gained, which we strengthened and maintained under a severe fire from the enemy's main line. We were now safely in this position and ready for another move.

Near 4 o'clock the fighting was very severe far to our right, and it was discovered that our forces had turned the rebel left and were "rolling" them. The assault was taken up from right ot left all along our lines. My front moved in conjunction with the lines on my right. The engagement now became general. The enemy's lines were soon carried, with many prisoners, and all his artillery that was in his works. The scene was magnificent; the grandest I have beheld during the war. Most of the enemy in my front were captured, with three pieces of artillery. The enemy's trenches were strewn with arms, accouterments, and camp equipage. The officers of the three front regiments, with many privates, led the van, cheering onward, as did those who followed in their rear lines. Lamented Adjutant Gregory, Eighty-fourth Indiana Volunteers, fell when within about 100 yards of the enemy's works, from an artillery ball or shell, while pressing forward with his regiment. May kind remembrances follow him.

My brigade moved forward of all other troops on the right of the Franklin pike, so that my skirmishers covered the mountain pass at Bentwood at night-fall, where we rested for the night. Early next morning the pursuit was continued, my brigade in front. Our forces continued to press the enemy until his remainder, not killed, wounded, or captured, had crossed the Tennessee River, about 110 miles from Nashville. We pursued under bad weather, over bad roads, and with great fatigue and hard labor to the command, to Lexington, Ala; from thence to this place.

The regimental commanders, Colonel Bennett, Colonel Rose, Colonel Suman, Lieutenant-Colonel Morton, Major Taylor, Captain Lawton, and Captain Dunningham, with their officers and men, have my grateful thanks for their willing obedience to orders, their brave and efficient execution of every duty upon the battle-field and during the campaign.

My command routed the enemy from his lines and positions containing 7 pieces of artillery-4 on the first and 3 on the second day; captured a large number of small-arms, with 12 captains, 23 lieutenants, and 606 enlisted men prisoners, as shown by copies of vouchers hereto attached. It is hoped that credits will not be given or claimed for prisoners without vouchers. The trophies captured are shown by separate special reports from regiments and have been forwarded.

