
"forward" every man promptly obeyed the order, but the men being heavily loaded and the ground very wet and muddy, it was impossible to preserve the line.

When within fifty yards of the enemy's works I was confronted by a small muddy stream, producing almost a halt while in plain view and easy range of the enemy's rifles, an advantage of which they availed themselves by giving us a full volley. Their aim, however, was too high and resulted in no damage to us except the wounding of Captain R. L. Irwin, Company G. The stream was soon crossed, and, at a double-quick, delivering our fire as we went, we assaulted their works, they stubbornly refusing to give them until we had arrived within a few feet of them. We captured here twenty prisoners; more might have been taken had the men been permitted to disencumber themselves of their knapsacks and other superfluous baggage. The force routed here was at least equal to my own in numbers. The second and main line of the rebel works was now in plain sight, distant about 400 yards, at which we kept up a lively fire for about an hour, receiving in return a severe fire of shot and shell, killing 2 men and wounding 2 more. We improved the works and remained in this position until 3 p. m., when I was again ordered forward to assault the main works. The ground to be passed over was an old wheat-field with deep mud, and worse, if possible, than the corn-field through which we charged in the morning, but the distance was made with all possible speed, and as we scaled their works at least one-half of the force threw down their arms and surrendered; the remainder were in full retreat. I am unable to give the number of prisoners captured by my regiment here; it is variously estimated at from 100 to 300. My line was now badly broken, but with only a momentary halt the men rallied on their colors and pushed forward impetuously for something over a mile. Being now completely exhausted, we were relieved by the rear and supporting line, but darkness soon prevented farther pursuit, and we camped near the Franklin pike, six miles from Nashville.

It affords me pleasure to testify to the coolness, courage, and gallantry of both the officers and men of my command. Where all are equally brave it were unjust to particularize, but of the few recruits (twenty in number) who joined us but a few days previous tot eh engagement', this but an act of justice to say that they behaved with great gallantry, delivering their fire with the coolness and bravery of the veteran soldier.

It is with regret that I lose the services of that worthy officer, Captain Robert L. Irwin, a most exemplary man, brae and untiring in the discharge of his duties. This is the second wound the captain has received since entering the service; the first, at the battle of Perryville, obliged him to resign, but I am happy to learn that his present wound will not disable him, and that his absence will be but temporary.

I have the honor to subjoin the following list of the killed and wounded in this regiment during the engagement: Killed, Sylvester Chapman and Gilbert W. Jennings, privates, Company I; wounded, Captain Robert L. Irwin, Company G, Byron Weldon and H. Edward Talcott, privates, Company C.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. BENNETT,

Colonel.

Lieutenant FRANK BINGHAM,

Aide-de-Camp, Third Brigade.

