
Numbers 31. Reports of Captain James Cunningham, Eightieth Illinois Infantry, of operations November 30 and December 15-16, 1864.
HDQRS. EIGHTIETH Regiment ILLINOIS INFANTRY VOLS.,Near Nashville, Tenn., December 3, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders received from brigade headquarters I have the honor to submit the following report of the apart taken by my command in the late battle at Franklin, Tenn., November 30, 1864.

The regiment reached Franklin about 11 o'clock a. m. of the 30th, and, by direction of General Grose, immediately went into position on the right of the rear line of the brigade, our right connecting with the First Brigade and our left with the Eighty-fourth Illinois. Here we threw up breast-works and remained till 8 p. m., when we were ordered to the support of the Second Pennsylvania Battery, which was stationed on the Centreville turnpike about a quarter of a mile to our left. About 10 p. m. the battery was removed, and we were ordered back to our original position. At 12 o'clock, in conjunction with the rest of the brigade, we resumed our march toward Nashville.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES CUNNINGHAM,

Captain, Commanding.

[Captain JOSEPH BRINTON.]
HDQRS. EIGHTIETH Regiment ILLINOIS INFANTRY VOLS.,Elk River, Ala, January 2, 1865.

SIR: In accordance with orders from brigade headquarters I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command in the late fight near Nashville, Tenn., on the 15th and 16th days of December, 1864:

At 6 o'clock of the 15th the regiment struck tents, and at 6.30 o'clock, by direction of General Grose, moved out, following the Eighty-fourth Illinois. We formed on the right of the Hillsborough pike, in the front line, our right connecting with the Eighty-fourth Illinois, and our left with the Ninth Indiana. About 10 o'clock we began to advance under a heavy artillery fire from the batteries. By 3 p. m. we had advanced to the foot of the hill on which the rebel works were constructed, and on the left of the Hillsborough pike. When the final order to charge was given we moved up the hill on double-quick, and scaling the breast-works at the point where the rebel battery was posted, captured it, and pressed on after the flying rebels. After pursuing them a quarter of a mile I halted my command to reform the line, when an aide rode up and ordered me to return to the brigade, which was forming some distance in the rear. In endeavoring to retrace my steps amid the general confusion I took the wrong course, and did not succeed in rejoining the brigade till some time after dark, but finally came up with it on the Granny White pike, where we bivouacked for the night and built works. During the day I lost 2 men mortally and 1 severely wounded. On the 16th the regiment formed in the rear line, and though exposed to a heavy artillery fire was not engaged in the fight. Near the close of the day the rear line passed to the front and advanced

