
about half a mile, but met with no resistance from the demoralized enemy. We bivouacked for the night some five miles from Nashville, our left resting on the Franklin pike.

Though our loss was small, I am happy to be able to report that all, both officers and men, performed every duty assigned them cheerfully and fearlessly as becomes brave men.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES CUNNINGHAM,

Captain, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant FRANK BINGHAM,

Aide-de-Camp, 3rd Brigadier, 1st Div., 4th Army Corps.

Numbers 32. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Charles H. Morton, Eighty-fourth Illinois Infantry, of operations November 30 and December 15-16, 1864.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTY-FOURTH ILLINOIS INFANTRY,Nashville, Tenn., December 4, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to make, for the information of the general commanding, the following report of the part taken by the Eighty-fourth Regiment Illinois Volunteer Infantry, commanded by Colonel L. H. Waters, in the engagement of November 30, at Franklin Tenn.:

The regiment was placed in position on a ridge covering a ravine in front. On the right of this ravine the left of the Ninth Indiana rested, and on the left of it the right of the Seventy-fifth Illinois, both regiments being about 100 yards in advance of the position occupied by the Eighty-fourth Illinois, thus leaving a gap in the lines of some fifty yards, which the position assigned to us effectually covered. Hasty breast-works were thrown up, but no time was given to construct works of sufficient strength to resist artillery before the enemy attacked. No opportunity offered for opening fire upon the enemy from our works, as they were driven back by the fire from the Seventy-fifth Illinois and Ninth Indiana in every attempt that was made to charge up the ravine. At dusk, up to which time but one casualty had occurred in the command, Lieutenant R. W. Caswell, adjutant, being wounded in the neck, but not dangerously, I was directed by Colonel Waters to report to General Grose in the rear of the Seventy-fifth Illinois, with four companies, which I did, taking with me Companies A, I, K, and b. The two latter were sent by the general in advance of the lines, and had some skirmishing with the enemy, but fortunately met with no casualties. At 12 o'clock (midnight) I was directed to withdraw with the remaining companies to the Centreville pike, and there join the rest of the command, to follow in the rear of the brigade as they withdrew from the town.

It was at this time that I received the painful intelligence that Colonel Waters was seriously wounded in the arm and near the shoulder. it gratifies me not to be able to say that it is thought his arm will be saved, and there is every prospect that he will not be long in recovering; though the ball passed through the bone, the surgeons represent that it is not broken. The wounds of the colonel and adjutant were the only casualties in the command, though I will mention here that Lieutenant Waters, of the Eighty-fourth Illinois, for some time past

