
and now aide-de-camp to General Kimball, commanding First Division, received his second wound in this engagement. At Stone's River he was wounded in the foot, and now in the forearm, though not so seriously but that he kept his saddle during the engagement, and is still on duty.

Though the regiment was not closely-engaged it was in range of the musketry and artillery of the enemy during the whole progress of the battle, and both officers and men evinced that eagerness and determination they have so often shown in many hard-fought battles to do their part in the work that might be assigned to them. The constant vigilance and activity for which Colonel Waters is notes was even more than usually conspicuous in his effort on this occasion to make preparations to resist the attack; and though constantly exposed to the fire of the enemy from the time their first charge was made, he seemed only intent upon having his command in readiness at all points to meet any emergency that might arise. The length of time that must necessarily elapse before he can return to duty will be greatly regretted by the officers and men of the regiment. After Colonel Waters received his wound Major Cox took command of the six companies remaining at the breast-works, and at 12 o'clock joined me on the pike as we withdrew from the town.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. MORTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Eighty-fourth Illinois Infantry.

Lieutenant F. BINGHAM,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTY-FOURTH ILLINOIS INFANTRY,Huntsville, Ala., January 5, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to make, for the information of the general commanding, the following report of the apart taken by the Eighty-fourth Regiment Illinois Volunteer Infantry, under my command, in the battles of the 15th and 16th of December, 1864, at Nashville, Tenn.:

When the brigade moved out of camp at daylight on the morning of the 15th in obedience to orders, I took the advance, and after passing through the fortifications on the Hillsborough pike filed to the right and took my position in the front line on the right of the brigade, some 200 yards to the west of the pike and about the same distance in front of the works, the Eightieth Illinois on my left, the Second Division of the Fourth Corps on my right. I advanced in line of battle, guiding right, somewhat over a mile under a severe artillery fire from the enemy, by which I had 6 men wounded. My command halted under the shelter of a stone fence, within 300 or 400 yards of the enemy's works, where I remained about an hour and a half, in part protected from the enemy's fire by the stone wall, but principally by a battery on a hill to our left and some regiments of the Third Brigade to the left of us, which kept up a galling fire upon the enemy and prevented them to a great extent from using either artillery or infantry against us. About 4 o'clock in the afternoon, the order being given to advance, I crossed the Hillsborough pike by the right flank, and ascending a hill entered the rebel works in time to see the enemy retreating in disorder, some of their artillery being abandoned and left in their works at the

