
point where my command entered. I continued to advance by the flank until orders were received from the general to halt and form in line. I will add here that, notwithstanding the excitement attending the pursuit and rout of the enemy, my command kept together, and at no time was there any confusion or difficultly in enforcing prompt obedience to orders. At sundown I was ordered to move in an easterly direction, and after dark, having advanced a mile or more, crossed the Granny White pike, went into position and constructed works, as directed by the general. As I was forming my lines at this point 23 prisoners were sent to me by Lieutenant Roeschlaub, who captured them with his company on the skirmish line.

On the morning of the 16th I moved at daylight, and crossing the Franklin pike remained for some time in the enemy's works, but afterward recrossed the pike, and advanced in line of battle on the right, and in the rear line of the brigade, to point in front of the new position occupied by the rebel forces, and about 500 yards from their works. I lost 2 men wounded by artillery while advancing to this position. I remained here three hours or more, my command covering a ravine in front, on the right of which was the Second brigade of the First Division and on the left the Seventy-fifth Illinois. During the time that I held this position the Seventy-fifth Illinois kept up a steady and effective fire on the enemy, by which I was so well protected that I met with no casualties. Between the hours of 3 and 4 p. m. I moved in order of battle in conjunction with the whole line, and charging at a double-quick to the enemy's works, passed over them without losing a man. Before entering their works over 200 rebel prisoners passed through my command, but deeming it of the realest importance to keep my connection with the rest of the brigade and to lose no time in pressing the enemy, I allowed them to pass through to the rear, to be taken in charge by the provost guards. I continued to advance until I found that there were no troops connecting with me on the rightor left, and seeing General Kimball I halted and went to him for orders. He directed me to advance as fast as possible toward a rebel battery that had opened upon us from the direction of Bentwood, on the Franklin pike. In obedience to the order I advanced some half a mile farther with as much speed as the exhaustion of my men would allow, and finding that I has passed the skirmish line halted for the purpose of forming a new line of skirmishers. At this time the Seventy-fifth Illinois came up and joined us on the left, and soon after General Grose and staff. I was afterward ordered to continue the advance, which I did, guiding left, until night overtook us, when I received orders from the general to move my command to his headquarters on the pike near Bentwood, and bivouacked for the night. As I passed the rifle-pits of the enemy I found them filled with arms and accouterments which had been thrown away as they fled, and also saw some pieces of artillery and caissons which had been abandoned, but kept my entire command advancing, as I considered the importance of retaining my relative position in the line paramount to everything else.

My loss in the battles of the 15th and 16th is 8 men wounded and 1 missing.

I was greatly indebted to Major Cox and Lieutenant Edson, acting adjutant, for the efficient aid they rendered me, and anything that I could add here in praise of the spirit and gallantry displayed at all times by them and by every officer and man of the regiment would be too little. Too much cannot be said in praise of all, and the gallantry and devotion shown by them in the battles of the 15th and 16th gave

