
assurance that they will be as eager in the future as in the past to meet the enemy, determined not to fail in whatever part they may be called upon take in subduing the rebellion and restoring peace to their country.

List of casualties.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. MORTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Eighty-fourth Illinois.

Lieutenant F. BINGHAM,

Aide-de-Camp, 3rd Brigadier, 1st Div., 4th Army Corps.

Numbers 33. Reports of Colonel Isaac C. B. Suman, Ninth Indiana Infantry, of operations November 30 and December 15-16, 1864.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH INDIANA VETERAN INFANTRY,Nashville, Tenn., December 6, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the fight at Franklin, Tenn., November 30, 1864:

My regiment that day was placed in line of battle, extending the right of the Seventy-fifth Illinois, with a space of about forty yards intervening, a small ravine and stream of water running between. As soon as the line was formed works were thrown up and completed just as the rebels made their appearance in front, about 5 p. m. Only a skirmish line showed itself in front of my regiment, though their line of battle was seen very close in front of the Seventy-fifth Illinois. One volley, an oblique fire, was all the fighting my regiment did. No casualties occurred. At midnight the regiment drew away from the works, crossed the river, and marched for Nashville.

Respectfully submitted.

I. C. B. SUMAN,

Colonel Ninth Indiana Infantry.

Lieutenant BINGHAM.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH INDIANA INFANTRY,In camp near Huntsville, Ala., January 7, 1865.

SIR: I respectfully submit the following report of the part taken by my regiment (Ninth Indiana Infantry) in the battles before Nashville, 15th and 16th of December, 1864:

On the morning of the 15th I was ordered to take post with my regiment on the left of the front of the brigade, and Company I of the regiments was ordered forward as skirmishers under command of Captain Nutt. When the brigade advanced the skirmishers from my regiment charged the enemy's pits and captured eight prisoners, driving the enemy and losing several men seriously wounded. After advancing 300 or 400 yards I was ordered to halt, and remained quiet a while in a position protected from the artillery fire of the enemy. I was again ordered to advance, and moved down the slope of the hill, behind which we had just been lying for protection, and through corn-fields in the low ground, until I came to a small ridge, behind which I ordered the men to lie down. Observing a few minutes later that the right of the

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 officer and 7 men wounded, and 1 man missing.

---------------

