
regiment was exposed from the ridge falling away in that direction, I moved rapidly forward again over a corn-field, and took shelter in a sunken road behind a stone fence which afforded protection from the fire out of the enemy's works, now only about 400 yards distant on a hill. This last advance, nearly half a mile, although in plain view of the enemy and under fire of his artillery all the time and for quiet a distance exposed to the fire of small-arms, was so rapid that it was accomplished with but small loss. Whilst lying in this road several of my men were injured by shells from one of our own batteries playing over us. In order not ot interfere with the working of the battery, and at the same time to protect my me, I ordered the three right companies of the regiment to move to the right. This left an interval of 200 yards between these companies and the balance of the regiment, which was the cause, in the advance which shortly afterward took place, of these companies being some distance in rear of an prevented their reaching the works so soon as the balance of the regiment, which had moved some distance before I could get orders to these detached companies to move. After lying nearly an hour behind this stone fence I was ordered to charge the works on the hill in my front. The regiment sprang out of the sunken road, and advanced rapidly and steadily over an open field for nearly 200 yards under a galling fire from the rebel works, and without halting ascended the hill until within sixty or seventy paces of the enemy's line, where observing the men were much fatigued and also impeded by their knapsacks, I ordered them unsung. This was done in a moment, and the regiment rushed forward over the short intervening space so quickly that many of the enemy could not get away from the works before my men were upon them. A corps staff officer ordered me to move ahead. Seeing the enemy fleeing in my front I scarcely took time to reform when I pushed forward in pursuit for nearly half a mile, when I halted the regiment, as I discovered it was useless to pursue with a prospect of making any captures, as the enemy fled so rapidly my men could not overtake them. I reformed with and joined in the advance of the brigade across the Granny White pike, and bivouacked with it that night.

In the assault on the works on Montgomery Hill I am proud to believe I can claim that if men of my regiment were not first in the enemy's works, at least there were none there before the Ninth. The regiment passed over several pieces of cannon and a large number of the enemy in the works, but did not stop to secure thropheis or count prisoners, but dashed onward after the largest body of armed rebels they could seen in their front. On the morning of the 16th the Ninth was ordered to form in rear of the second line, and advanced in this position with the brigade until the charge on and capture of the enemy's outer works, when my regiment and a regiment from the second line were ordered to form between the first and second lines. I staid here under shelter until the final assault. When the first line vacated the temporary works made by turning those lately taken from the enemy, and advanced to the assault, I was ordered to occupy the works just vacated, but was immediately ordered out of hem, and to press forward, in obeying which order my regiment passed into the front line, and crossed the enemy's works with that line. While reforming in rear of the works the general commanding the brigade himself rode in front of the regiment, and ordered it to advance at once. Dashing forward the regiment did not again halt until the brigade was reformed on the hill more than a mile behind the enemy's works. When the rear line was ordered to take the advance my regiment was ordered to move with the former front, now rear line, and continued in this position until the brigade

