
shortly afterward halted, and rested for the night. On taking the works on the 16th many prisoners and trophies were, as on the previous day, passed by the regiment without note being made of them. And as on the 15th, again we pressed the enemy so closely that many of them could not get away from the works and were captured. And as before, those who succeeded in getting away fled so rapidly, throwing away arms and everything which hundred their flight, that it was impossible to overtake them. My loss in the two day's fighting was 1 officer and 17 men wounded; none were killed. Accompanying this report is a list of casualties.* The slightness of the loss sustained by the regiment I attribute to the rapidity of its advance, which empt the men from being long under fire; and to the fact that their steady, persistent movement forward disconcerted the enemy; for my men never faltered for an instant during the two days, even under the sharpest fire.

To the gallant men of the Ninth I owe my thanks for the more than cheerful, the eager alacrity with which they obeyed every order to move against the enemy. I expected much from them, and my expectations were more than realized. With such men it is impossible to fail.

To Lieutenant-Colonel Lasselle and to Major Carter I am greatly indebted for valuable assistance. Doctor Gilmore followed the regiment closely and id all for the wounded that could be done. Sergeant-Major Burr id his whole duty and exhibited his usual coolness under fire.

I cannot give to much praise to the line officers of the regiment. All did everything that officers could do. Captains Nutt, Merritt, Craner, Hodsden, Lieutenants Thompson, Crebbin, Tyner, Martin, Roberts, Drullinger, and Faris proved themselves worthy to command such men as they led. Lieutenants Dustan and Ijams came particularly under my notice as displaying marked gallantry; in each day's fight they were with the first over the enemy's works.

A list of some few trophies captured and preserved by the regiment has been heretofore forwarded, in obedience to an order from brigade headquarters; but most of the trophies taken by the regiment were abandoned during the pursuit of the enemy.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. C. B. SUMAN,

Colonel Ninth Indiana Infantry.

Lieutenant F. BINGHAM,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Brigadier, 1st Div., 4th Army Corps.

Numbers 34. Reports of Captain Henry W. Lawton, Thirtieth Indiana Infantry, of operations November 30 and December 15-16, 1864.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTIETH INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,Nashville, Tenn., December 5, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with instructions, I have the honor to report the part taken by my regiment in the action at Franklin, Tenn., on the 30th day of November, 1864:

After a very irregular march of all night I arrived, with the brigade (Third), at Franklin at about 8 a. m. of the 30th instant. Was formed

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

