
in irregular order, and, with arms stacked, remained long enough to prepare breakfast. About 11 a. m. we were moved to the right, near the western portion of the city, and were formed by General Grose, commanding brigade, in line of battle. My position was in the front line, joined on the right by the Seventy-fifth Illinois and on eh elf by the Eighty-fourth Indiana. Skirmishing had already begun on the left of the line, and was now commencing in our front. A line of works was now being rapidly constructed, and by 4 p. m. was completed. My regiment being composed mostly of new levies or drafted men, and entirely ignorant of the use of arms, I deemed it necessary to have all spare time given to drill; consequently, when the works were finished, I was forming for that purpose, when the pickets in my front commenced firing very rapidly, and by the time I formed behind the works were driven by a charge from the enemy. They fell back immediately in my front the Ninth Indiana, on the right of the line, which checked him until the pickets got under cover of the works, when I immediately opened upon him The two fires soon became too hot, and he was compelled to fall back, which he did in considerable disorder. Pickets were again sent out in my front, and kept up a slow fire, but were not again driven in. Heavy fighting was done, however, on the left, but my command had no apart, and nothing further occurred until 12 that night, when our line was withdrawn and I moved with the brigade across the river without further molestation.

The losses sustained by my regiment were as follows: Private John Ottman, killed; Privates Stephen Vancamp, Julius Burns, James Simmons, and Adam Humburger, and Tollman Morris, Company C, wounded. The men above named, except the last, were al new soldiers, and were not yet assigned to companies.

The conduct of both officers and men was good without exception, and they have my warmest thanks for the promptness with which they did their part. Very respectfully,

H. W. LAWTON,

Captain, Commanding Thirtieth Indiana Volunteers.

Lieutenant F. BINGHAM,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRTIETH INDIANA VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Elk River, January 2, 1865.

SIR: In compliance with orders just received, I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the battle of the 15th and 16th of last month:

On the morning of the 15th, at 6 o'clock, my regiment moved with the brigade on the Granny White turnpike, to the right of the center of our line, and was formed on the left of the rear line of the brigade, the Ninth Indiana in my front, and the Eighty-fourth Indiana on my right. The position was about 300 yards in front of our first line of works, and was covered by a slight rise of ground in our front. At about 1 p. m., the front line having advanced, the rear line followed until arriving on the next ridge, about 300 yards distant, the rear line was ordered to remain until further orders. Preparations were made for an assault, which was made by the front line, and the enemy's works

