
carried. I was then ordered forward in line, and upon reaching the enemy's works moved by the flank along the line to the Granny White pike, where I arrived at 8 p. m., and went into camp for the night. Next morning I again moved with the brigade at 6 o'clock about one mile to the left, near the Franklin turnpike, and was formed in order of battle. My regiment now occupied position on left of the front line, joined on the right by the Eighty-fourth Indiana, and the left of the front line, joined on the right by the Eighty-fourth Indiana, and the left resting on the Franklin pike. Skirmishers were now thrown forward, one company from my regiment, and soon encountered the enemy's second line of works, where it lay for a few minutes. From here I moved by the right flank until arriving on top of the hill on my right, when I again moved forward for a short distance, and was ordered to halt, and after the line passed, moved by the right flank, and took position on the right of the rear line, joined on the left by the Seventy-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, in which position I advanced about a quarter of a mile, when the line again halted, the right resting in a skirt of timber and the left in open field in rear of a corn-field. The front line was now hotly engaged for a few moments, while the rear was under a heavy fire of shot and shell. From here I was moved to the left, and took position in rear of a temporary line of works. The front line was soon advanced,l when the rear followed, and upon arriving on the hill about one mile distant was placed in the front line, and after advancing about a mile was halted, and bivouacked for the night; from here I sent three companies on picket. The next morning I again moved forward on the Franklin pike, nothing of importance transpiring except the capture of a few of the enemy's stragglers, of which my regiment captured a captain and 19 men.

The loss of my regiment in both days' action was as follows: Privates John Hart, Company A, George W. Phillips, Company B, Charles Brown, Company C, M. R. Loyd, Company B (accidentally), and James Wright, Company E, wounded. Charles Henders, Company G, shot himself in hand for purpose of getting to the rear.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. LAWTON,

Captain, Commanding Thirtieth Indiana Infantry.

Lieutenant F. BINGHAM,

Aide-de-Camp, Third Brigade.

Numbers 35. Reports of Major John C. Taylor, Eighty-fourth Indiana Infantry, of operations November 30 and December 15-16, 1864.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTY-FOURTH INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,December 6, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with orders received from the general commanding I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my regiment in the battle fought near Franklin, Tenn., November 30, 1864:

About 12 m., by direction of the general commanding brigade, I formed my regiment on the north side, my left resting on the Carter's Creek pike, a little to the rear of the Atkins school-house, where I threw up a temporary line of works. About 3.30 p. m. the enemy attacked the skirmish line in my front, which was soon driven into the

