
main line of works. Having my regiment formed in rear of the works I had built, I directed them to fire upon the enemy, who was exposing two lines of battle about 600 yards to my front. I kept up a brisk fire upon the enemy for about ten minutes, which, in connection with the fire from a battery in position immediately on my left, compelled the enemy to seek shelter by moving by the left flank under cover of a small hill. I ordered my men to cease firing, which they did, with the exception of an occasional shot, which was kept up until about 11.30 p. m., at which time, by order of the general commanding brigade, I withdrew my regiment from the field.

My loss in this engagement was 1 man severely and 1 slightly wounded.

I have, sir, the honor to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. TAYLOR,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Colonel JOSEPH BRINTON,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Brigadier, 1st Div., 4th Corps.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTY-FOURTH INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,Destitute Hollow, Ala., January 6, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the Eighty-fourth Regiment of Indiana Volunteers in the battles of the 15th and 16th of December, near Nashville, Tenn.:

By order of the general commanding, at 6 a. m. of the 15th instant, I broke up camp, and moved my regiment out on the HIllsborough road until we passed through the line of works that had been occupied by the Second division. By order of the general commanding I formed my regiment on the left of the Seventy-fifth Illinois Volunteers, on the right of the Hillsborough road. My regiment remained in this position in the second line during the greater part of the day, move movements conforming with those of the battalion on my right. In the evening, after the front line had charged and carried the enemy's works, I received orders to march my regiment by the flank and follow the Seventy-fifth Illinois, which I did, until we came to the Granny White pike, where I again threw my regiment into line on the left of the Seventy-fifth Illinois, facing eastwardly. I had remained in this position but a short time when I received orders to move my regiment forward until I came to the pike, and then by the left flank on the pike. I had moved but a hort distance by the left flank when I was ordered to halt my regiment and move it on the west side of the road, and go into camp for the night. December 16, 6 a. m., by order of the general commanding, I moved my regiment across to the east side, and about 400 yards from the Granny White pike, where I was ordered to form my regiment in line on the left of the Seventy-fifth Illinois, and throw out a company of skirmishers to cover my front. This being done the order to advance was given, when we moved forward in a direction a little south of east, to aline of works built by the enemy, which we found to be evacuated. Here, by order of the general commanding, I changed my front, facing to the south. We remained in this position but a few minutes, when, by order of the general commanding, I moved my regiment by the left flank until the left of the Thirtieth Indiana, which was formed on my immediate left, rested upon the Franklin pike. We remained in this position until about 10 o'clock, when, by order of the general commanding, I moved my regiment by the flank in a southwestern direction about 600 yards, when I was ordered to take position

15 R R-VOL XLV, PT I

