
on the left of the Seventy-fifth Illinois, facing south. We remained in this position but a few moments, when orders were given to advance. We had advanced but a few hundred yards when we came upon the enemy's skirmish line, which strongly resisted the advance of the skirmish line in our front, but fell back in considerable haste upon the approach of our line of battle.

By order of the general commanding I halted my regiment and fortified upon the captured line. We remained in this position, keeping a scattering fire upon the enemy's works, until about 4 p. m., when the order was given to charge the enemy's main line of works. We crossed our works and moved across the field in our front under a destructive fire from the enemy's works until we came to a ravine about midway between the two lines, when, by order of the colonel commanding the guiding battalion on my right, the line halted. In moving across the field we bore so far to the left hat the ravine afforded cover for but sic of my right companies. As soon as the enemy discovered that the line had halted they opened a galling cross-fire upon my four left companies. Seeing the critical position in which they were placed, and that my left was unsupported, I ordered them forward. It was in the execution of this order that my adjutant fell; part of his head being blown away by a solid shot from one of the enemy's guns. The charge walled by Captain Orr, of Company K, Lieutenant Fisher, of Company E, Sergt. Major E. T. Chaffee, Sergeant Stahl, of Company K, and Sergeant Kempt, of Company E. They were the first upon the enemy's works, and closely followed by the remainder of the regiment. My regiment captured during their day's operations between 200 and 300 prisoners, 1 piece of artillery, and 1 caisson. The piece of artillery was captured by Sergeant Kemp, of Company E.

After the charge, by order of the general commanding, my regiment fell back and followed along in rear of the brigade until we were ordered to halt and go into camp for the night.

List of casualties in the Eighty-fourth Indiana in the battles at Nashville, Tenn., on the 15th and 16th of December, 1864.*

I have, sir, the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. TAYLOR,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant F. BINGHAM,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Brigadier, 1st Div., 4th Army Corps.

Numbers 36. Reports of Colonel Thomas E. Rose, Seventy-seventh Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations November 30 and December 15-16, 1864.
HDQRS. SEVENTY-SEVENTH Regiment PENNSYLVANIA INFTY.,Camp Near Fort Andy Johnson, Tenn., December 4, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with orders from the general commanding Third Brigade, First Division, Fourth Army Corps, I submit the following report of the part this regiment took in the battle of Franklin on the 30th of November, 1864:

On the morning of the 30th ultimo, at 11 a. m., I received orders from Brigadier General Grose to report forthwith with this regiment for picket duty.

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 officer killed and 19 men wounded.

---------------

