
gone up, and began to retreat rapidly. I soon extricated myself, however, mounted my mare, overtook my regiment, restored order, and formed line. Our fire was now weak compared with that of the enemy. My officers and men had been complaining for some time for want of ammunition; at last declared that they were entirely out. I then ordered them to fall back to the breast-works and replenish their ammunition. As soon as this was done I started forward again, but was ordered back in reserve by General Grose, and my regiment took no further part in the action.

On the whole my regiment fought with great gallantry, and I am under many obligations, first, to General Grose for the skilful manner in which he posted my pickets, and to my officers for their valuable assistance.

I would respectfully call to your notice Captain J. J. Lawson, my second in command; Captain Stark, who commanded the third outpost from the left; Lieutenant James W. Johnston, who commanded the second outpost; Lieutenant Vera, who commanded the fourth outpost; Lieutenant James A. Haus and Sergeants Gillmen, Murphy, and Martin, who commanded their companies at the reserve post, and last, though not the least, Adjt. C. Snively. All seemed to vie with each other in exhibiting coolness and precision in the performance of their duties in this most trying position that perhaps the regiment was ever placed.

I herewith append a list of casualties.*

Submitting the foregoing, I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS E. ROSE,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant F. BINGHAM, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SEVENTY-SEVENTH Regiment PENNSYLVANIA VOLS.,January 2, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with orders received this morning, I have the honor to report the part taken by my regiment in the late battles near Nashville, on the 15th and 16th of December, 1864:

On December 14 my regiment was on picket, and was not relieved until near noon on the 15th, when I at once marched to join the brigade near the Hillsborough pike. The regiment was then placed in reserve, and took no part in the action of that day. On December 16 my regiment was in the second line of the brigade, but was ordered to the left of the front line, and soon after advanced to the assault of the enemy's works; the first line was taken, but we failed in the attack on their second and main line. After sustaining a very severe fire for several minutes I fell back to the line of captured works, which was soon converted into a means of defense. About 4 p. m. I was again ordered to charge, and this time met with complete success, capturing one gun, many prisoners, and completely routing and demoralizing the enemy. The pursuit was continued until dark, when we encamped for the night. First Lieutenant Alexander T. Baldwin, a brave and efficient officer, was killed in the first charge. The regiment lost in wounded 15 enlisted men.

Respectfully submitting the above I am, sir, your obedient servant,

THOMAS E. ROSE,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant F. BINGHAM,

Aide-de-Camp and A. A. A. G., 3rd Brigadier, 1st Div., 4th A. C.

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 2 men killed, 14 wounded, and 2 missing.

---------------

