
Numbers 37. Reports of Brigadier General George D. Wagner, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, of operations November 22-December 2, 1864.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Nashville, Tenn., December 2, 1864.

SIR: The following is respectfully submitted as the official report of the operations of this division in the recent movement from Pulaski, Tenn., to this place:

Pursuant to orders from Major-General Stanely, commanding the corps, the division marched from Pulaski at 8 a. m. on the 22nd day of November, 1864, and reached the village of Lynnville, about thirteen miles distant, early in the afternoon. The division remained at Lynnville till 2 a. m. of the 24th, when orders were received directing the command to march, with all possible haste, to Columbia, as the enemy was reported to be marching upon that place. The division was on the road by 3 o'clock and arrived at Columbia by 10 a. m., having marched eighteen miles. When we reached the town we found the enemy had already attacked and driven in our cavalry outposts on the Mount Pleasant road and was already seriously threatening the garrison. Our infantry advance, General Cox's division, of the Twenty-third Army Corps, coming up in the nick of time, the advance of the enemy was effectually checked. The division was at once put in position on a range of hills southwest of the town and every precaution taken to put the place in a defensible condition. Friday, November 25, was spent in constructing an interior line of defenses, and after night-fall the troops were withdrawn from the outer line and took position on the new line, the right of the division resting on Duck River, about three-quarters of a mile below the railroad bridge. This line was at once put in a good state of defense. On the 26th we received orders from General Stanely to get ready for crossing Duck River that night, but owing to a break in the pontoon bridge the movement was postponed. On the 27th the trains again commenced crossing the river, and before night all wagons were across except five ammunition wagons and ten ambulances to the division. The troops of the corps began crossing the river soon after dark, and by 1 o'clock on the morning of the 28th this division was safely over the river and in camp on the railroad about half a mile from the railroad bridge. In the afternoon of the 28th I received orders from General Stanely to move up the river about two miles and go into position on the north side of Duck River opposite to Columbia. The command remained here over night, constant skirmishing being kept up on the lines.

On the morning of the 29th I was ordered by General Stanely to put the division on the road and march at once, in advance of the train, to Spring Hill. I was notified that General Kimball's division would follow the train. At 9 a. m. the command was on the road and marching toward Spring Hill, which place we reached early in the afternoon. Our timely arrival saved the place from falling into the hands of the enemy, who had turned the left flank of our army and reached Spring Hill with his cavalry before we arrived there. Learning from citizens who were leaving the village that the enemy was threatening the place, I gave directions to Colonel Opdycke, commanding my leading brigade, to hurry up, and galloped forward with my staff and escort. Coming into the village I found the skirmishers of the enemy in full view and moving upon the place from the east and not over half a mile distant. The garrison being encouraged with the hope of immediate succor, the

