
My staff acted with great gallantry and efficiency. Lieutenants Royse and Moore, my aides-de-camp, did me great service. Lieutenant Royse's term of service has just expired. His last duty at Franklin was characteristic of his whole term, and proves him to be one of the best officers in the army and a great loss to the Government.

I am under special obligations to Captain E. G. Whitesides, One hundred and twenty-fifth Ohio, acting assistant adjutant-general, Captain J. L. Morgan, Seventy-third Illinois Volunteers, division inspector, Captain J. W. Checkering, Eighty-eighth Illinois Volunteers, assistant commissary of musters, who are worthy officers in every respect. Captain George Lee, the assistant adjutant-general of the division, was not on duty in the action on account of physical disability for field duty, but he is a very efficient, worthy, and accomplished officer. I am also indebted to Lieutenant Balding, Twenty-fourth Wisconsin Volunteers, acting ordnance officer of the division, for efficient services rendered on the field during the action. Captain Sibley, Twenty-fourth Wisconsin, acting provost-marshal, was on duty with the train. Of Dr. E. B. Glick, chief surgeon of the division, too much cannot be said in his praise as an accomplished officer and a skillful surgeon. His constant attention to business and proficiency as a surgeon render him one of the most valuable medical officers in the army. Lieutenant A. J. Douglass, Seventy-first Ohio Volunteers, ordnance officer of the division, is a most worthy officer, but was not present on account of sickness. Captain Charles Fouke, commissary of subsistence, U. S. Volunteers, was with the command during the movement and always performed his duty well.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. D. WAGNER,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

Major WILLIAM H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Nashville, Tenn., December 3, 1864.

Major W. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fourth Army Corps:

MAJOR: In compliance with circular from corps headquarters I have the honor to report prisoners, flags, &amp;c., captured in recent e engagement, as follows:

Prisoners

Command	 Officers	 Men	 Flags

First Brigade, Colonel E.	 19	 375	 9

Opdycke

Second Brigade, Colonel J. Q.	 45	 239	 2

Lane

Third Brigade, Colonel Joseph	 6	 69	 1

Conrad

Total	 70	 683	 12

The following are the names of the captors of the flags: First Lieutenant Sylvester Clement, Company A, Seventy-fourth Illinois, one; Private Peter M. Woolf, Company A, Eighty-eighth Illinois, one; Corpl. James K. Merrifield, Company C, Eighty-eighth Illinois, two; Corpl. Benjamin

