
Newman, Company G, Eighty-eighth Illinois, one; Corpl. Samuel Bittles, Company H, Eighty-eighth Illinois, one; Private William C. roberts, Company I, One hundred and twenty-fifth Ohio, one; Private Theophile Ducquet, Company D, One hundred and twenty-fifth Ohio, one; Corpl. John Miller, Company B, Twenty-fourth Wisconsin, one; Sergt. Alfred Ransbottom,* Company K, Ninety-seventh Ohio, one; Private James S. O'Riley, Company I, Fortieth Indiana, one; Sergt. A. Clark Copeland, Company [H], Sixty-fifth Ohio, one.

Respectfully submitted.

G. D. WAGNER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

The above is the report of brigade commanders. Only about 400 prisoners (officers and men) passed through the hands of my provost marshal.

G. D. WAGNER.

Numbers 38. Reports of Brigadier General Washington L. Elliot, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, of operations December 15-16, 1864.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Huntsville, Ala., January 8, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this division on the 15th and 16th of December, 1864, near Nashville, Tenn., in the attack upon Hood's rebel army:

In compliance with orders of December 14, from Brigadier-General Wood, commanding Fourth Corps, the division was formed on the 15th in echelon with and one left of the Detachment of the Army of the Tennessee, Major General A. J. Smith commanding, and in the following order: First Brigade, commanded by Colonel E. Opdycke, One hundred and twenty-fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, on the right; Second Brigade, commanded by Colonel J. Q. Lane, Ninety-seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry, on the left; and Third Brigade, commanded by Colonel Joseph Conrad, Fifteenth Missouri Volunteer Infantry, in reserve. The division advanced in this order upon the enemy's lines, with the left of General Smith's commanded, until the left of the division approached the Hillsborough turnpike, when orders were given to connect with General Kimball's First Division, Fourth Corps, on the left. As we approached the enemy's works the front of the division necessarily became contracted because of its connecting on the right and left with other troops. Finding the left of General Smith's line not advancing with the Fourth Corps, orders were given by General Wood, commanding, to move forward independent of any connection on the right. The original line was re-established, and the division advanced rapidly with cheers, entering the works of the enemy covering the Hillsborough turnpike simultaneously with the troops on my left, and with those of General Smith's beyond his troops on his extreme left, capturing artillery, prisoners, and a flag, and driving the enemy from his works. The rapidity with which the troops moved and the distance passed over, as also the nature of the ground and obstacles, rendered it necessary to re-establ-

---------------

*Awarded a Medal of Honor.

---------------

