
lish the lines, which caused a few minutes' delay before making a farther advance. The division then advanced to the east of the Granny White turnpike. Being confronted by the skirmishers of the enemy, and it being too dark to proceed farther, the division camped for the night in the following order: First Brigade on the left, Second Brigade in the center, and Third Brigade on the right, fronting the Franklin turnpike, with the right refused, covering the Granny White turnpike. During the night occasional picket-firing occurred.

On the 16th, at daylight, the division advanced in the same order in which it had encamped on the 15th, passing over the works of the enemy evacuated during the night. As the skirmishers approached the Franklin turnpike the skirmishers of the enemy were soon encountered. This, with information obtained from prisoners and citizens, caused me to form line of battle with my left resting n and the line perpendicular to the turnpike. It was soon discovered that the enemy confronted us in force, and orders were received for the division to advance, connecting with General Kimball's (First) division on the right, and supported by General Beatty's (Third) division on the left. The division advanced steadily under the fire of the enemy's first line and of his artillery, gradually increasing the rapidity of the step, which, with cheers, almost amounted to a charge. Flushed with the success of the previous day, the desire to rush forward without orders was only checked by heavy volleys of musketry with shot, shell, and canister, when about 100 to 150 yards of the enemy's main line of works, from which the division soon protected itself by means of logs and a few entrenching tools, holding all the ground gained until a farther advance was made, when, under the general instructions of General Wood, commanding Fourth Corps, to "take advantage of any opportunity that offered," seeing the troops advancing on my right, the division rushed over the enemy's works, sending to its rear masses of prisoners which time or circumstances did not admit of stopping to collect or take account of. Learning that the enemy was endeavoring to form his line near the Overton property, and after passing though his works, my lines were re-established on the west of and perpendicular to the Franklin turnpike, and the division advanced with right resting on the Franklin turnpike, and the division advanced, gaining ground to the left, and halting under the fire of the enemy's artillery, posted south of the Overton property, and again advanced with right resting on the Franklin turnpike and perpendicular to it, keeping up communication with the First Division on my right. The pursuit of the enemy was continued until near dark, the division camping in line of battle, and in the order in which it had advanced.

I cannot speak in too high terms of the gallantry and good conduct of officers and men. The division has nobly sustained it former reputation. Colonels Opdycke, Lane, and Conrad, commanding respectively the First, Second, and Third Brigades, have my thanks for the ability with which they commanded. I respectfully refer ot their reports for the details of the operations of the several regiments and the casualties.

The following officers composing my personal staff and that of the division rendered me great assistance in the field, viz, Captain E. G. Whitesides, One hundred and twenty-fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain Joseph L. Morgan, Seventy-third Illinois Volunteers, acting assistant inspector-general; Captain John W. Checkering, Eighty-eighth Illinois Volunteers, assistant commissary of musters; Captain T. Eugene Tillotson, acting ordnance officer; First Lieutenant Thomas E. Balding, Twenty-fourth Wisconsin Volunteers, and

