
ADDENDA.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Near Huntsville, Ala., January 6, 1865.

[Lieutenant Colonel J. S. FULLERTON:]

COLONEL: In accordance with orders received from the general commanding the corps, I have the honor to submit the following report of trophies captured by this division during the engagements of Spring Hill, Franklin, and Nashville:

Corpl. J. K. Merrifield, Company C, Eighty-eighth Illinois Volunteers, captured and brought from the field two rebel flags, one a brigade and the other a regimental flag, without designation.

Corpl. Peter M. Woolf, Company A, Eighty-eighth Illinois Volunteers, captured a rebel battle-flag inscribed "First and Fourth Missouri Infantry."

Corpl. Benjamin Newman, Company G, Eighty-eighth Illinois Volunteers, captured a rebel battle-flag inscribed "Fifth and Sixth Arkansas."

Private Samuel Bittles, Company H, Eighty-eighth Illinois Volunteers, captured a rebel battle-flag inscribed "Featherston's Division."

First Lieutenant Sylvester Clement, Company A, Seventy-fourth Illinois captured a rebel battle-flag in front of the works, which was passed to the rear.

Corpl. Almon C. Steele, Company D, Seventy-fourth Illinois, captured a rebel flag, which was not brought from the field.

Private John F. Brown, Company D, Seventy-third Illinois, short a rebel color bearer by placing his gun between the head-log and the breast-works and captured his colors. The colors were afterward handed to a mounted officer whom he did not know, and were not returned.

Private William C. Roberts, Company I, One hundred and twenty-fifth Ohio, captured a rebel flag, which was not brought from the field.

Private Theophile Ducquet, Company D, One hundred and twenty-fifth Ohio, captured a rebel flag, which he handed to a mounted officer, and it was not again returned.

Corpl. John Miller, Company B, Twenty-fourth Wisconsin, recaptured the colors of the Fifty-first Illinois and brought them from the field.

The above were all captured at the battle of Franklin, November 30, 1864.

Private Hans Shure, Company K, and Musician Fred, A. Shull, Eighty-eighth Illinois, captured two sabers at the battle of Franklin, November 30, and were forwarded with statements of capture, &amp;c.

Sergt. Elijah Kellogg, Company C, Seventy-fourth Illinois, captured a saber at Franklin, November 30, 1864.

Private William Hicks, Company F, Forty-fourth Illinois, captured a saber at Nashville, December 15.

Captain L. C. Mills, Company C, First Lieutenant A. W. Clark, Company D, Private George W. Madison, Company F, and Private George Armstrong, Company C, Forty-fourth Illinois, each captured a saber at Nashville, December 16.

Private Peter Rohman, Company K, Forty-fourth Illinois captured a saber at Nashville, December 16, which has been forwarded to department headquarters.

Sergt. N. P. Ramsdell and Private John A. Hobart, Company G, and Private John H. Gatehouse, Company D, Forty-fourth Illinois, each captured a saber at Nashville, December 16.

