
First Lieutenant Charles C. Champman, Company I, One hundred and twenty-fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, captured a saber at Nashville, December 16, which has been forwarded.

The swords as enumerated were all taken from the hands of rebel officers. Those not mentioned as forwarded were left on the field in the hurry to press forward.

Corpl. Edgar S. Case, Company E, Thirty-sixth Illinois, captured a rebel flag at the battle of Nashville, December 15, 1864, and brought it from the field. This flag belonged to the regiment that supported the rebel battery on the right of the Hillsoborough pike. Three of the guns were captured, as will appear in another part of the report. The five flags captured by the Eighty-eighth Illinois and the one captured by Corporal Case were the only ones that were brought from the field by the captors. Those captured by the Eighty-eighth Illinois were displayed before General Thomas when he visited the brigade on its arrival at Nashville. They were afterward sent home by those who captured them. Since then they have been ordered to be returned, and will be forwarded to department headquarters as soon as they arrive.

The First Brigade, Colonel Opdycke commanding, captured eight pieces of artillery at Franklin, and three pieces at Nashville, on the 15th of December, 1864.

Corpl. Edgar S. Case, Company F, Forty-fourth Illinois, captured a flag, December 15, 1864.

Corpl. William Hicks, Company F, Forty-fourth Illinois, captured, sword, December 15, 1864.

Second Brigade, Colonel J. Q. Lane commanding:

Sergt. Alfred Ransbottom, Company K, Ninety-seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry, captured a battle-flag, November 30, 1864.

First Lieutenant S. B. Moody, Company D, One hundredth Illinois, captured a saber at Nashville, December 16, 1864.

Private J. S. O'Riley, Company I, Fortieth Indiana, captured a battle-flag at Franklin, November 30, 1864.

Third Brigade, Colonel Joseph Conrad commanding:

Corpl. John H. Smith, Company E, and Private John Mollison, Company B, Forty-second Illinois, each captured a battle-flag at Franklin, November 30, 1864.

Private E. Downs, Company K, Forty-second Illinois, captured three battle-flag at Franklin, November 30, 1864.

Lieutenant P. P. Boyer, Company H. Seventy-ninth Illinois, captured three battle-flags at Franklin, November 30, 1864.

First Lieutenant Ezekiel Moores, Company A, Sixty-fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, captured a sword at Franklin, November 30, 1864.

First Sergt. V. H. Gregory, Company E, Sixty-fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, captured a C. S. sword, belt, and scabbard at Nashville, December 16, 1864.

Private Jacob Allion, Company D, Sixty-fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, captured a C. S. sword, belt, and scabbard at Franklin, November 30, 1864.

First Sergt. A. C. Copeland, Company H, Corpl. Joseph Boley and Private Joseph Walters, Company I, and First Sergt. John Kanel, Company K, Sixty-fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, each captured a C. S. sword, belt, and scabbard at Franklin, November 30, 1864.

Private Alex. Heggatt, Company K, Sixty-fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, captured a sword at Nashville, December 16, 1864.

Sergt. M. Lewis, Company E, Fifty-first Illinois, captured a flag at Franklin, November 30, 1864.

