
Lieutenant Charles Hills, Company K, Fifty-first Illinois, captured a pistol and belt at Franklin, November 30, 1864.

Recapitulation-Flags, 19; swords, 17; guns, 11.

Respectfully submitted.

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

Numbers 39. Reports of Colonel Emerson Opdycke, One hundred and twenty-fifth Ohio Infantry, commanding First Brigade, of operations November 29-30 and December 15-16, 1864.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 4TH ARMY CORPS,Nashville, Tenn., December 5, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I respectfully submit the following report of the operations of this brigade from November 29 to December 1:

The command is composed of seven regiments: Eighty-eighth and Seventy-fourth Illinois, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Smith; Seventy-third Illinois, Major Motherspaw; Thirty-sixth Illinois, Lieutenant-Colonel Olson; Forty-fourth Illinois, Lieutenant-Colonel Russell; Twenty-fourth Wisconsin, Major MacArthur; One hundred and twenty-fifth Ohio, Captain Bates. At 8 a. m., November 29, we moved from near Duck River on the Franklin pike in the advance, and when within a mile of Spring Hill I was notified that the enemy were advancing into the town. General Wagner ordered me on the double-quick and we soon entered the village, formed line facing north of east. Colonel Smith deployed his command as skirmishers. The enemy were advancing in fair view, with quite a force of cavalry. General Wagner ordered me to drive them off. The line of battle followed the skirmishers and we easily cleared our front. General Wagner sent for a regiment to go to the right, and I sent the Thirty-sixth Illinois. The Seventy-third was ordered to support Colonel Smith, and the One hundred and twenty-fifth was moved up the Franklin pike and deployed to drive away the enemy that was approaching from that direction. By order from General Stanely I placed the Forty-fourth Illinois and Twenty-fourth Wisconsin west of the pike, and near the railroad station. They were well deployed, and connected with the One hundred an twenty-fifth. This disposition thoroughly protected our left and rear, and was maintained till about 4 a. m., November 30. By General Wagner's orders I then drew in all of the regiments, except Colonel Smith's, and made disposition to act as rear guard. I was informed that our situation was critical, and the greatest efforts would be needed. Formed in two lines of battle, and Colonel Smith's command came from picket and deployed as skirmishers. A section of the Fourth Artillery reported to me at 6.30 a. m. We faced to the rear and moved off in line. As we debouched into the little valley at Thompson's Station, skirmishing opened. Colonel Smith managed his line skillfully, and sustained no loss. He killed a few rebels, one an officer, within a rod of our line. Stragglers soon commenced filling the road, mostly new men with immense knapsacks. They were so worried as to seem indifferent to capture. I ordered each of my three lines to bring along every man at the point of the bayonet, and to cut off the knapsacks. These orders were obeyed rigidly, and probably less than

