HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Near Nashville, Tenn., December 3, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with instruction of this date, I herewith submit the following report of prisoners and battle-flags captured by the several regiments of this brigade during the late engagement:

Prisoners

Command	 Officers	 Men	 Battle-flags

125th Ohio Infantry Volunteers,	 5	 85	 2

Captain E. P. Bates

88th and 74th Illinois	 10	 200	 7

Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel

G. W. Smith

44th Illinois Infantry	 3	 80	 ...........

Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel

John Russell

24th Wisconsin Infantry	 1	 10	 1

Volunteers, Captain E. B.

Parsons

Total	 19	 375	 10

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EMERSON OPDYCKE,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain E. G. WHITESIDES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Division.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Near Columbia, Tenn., December 21, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to instructions just received from division headquarters I make you a report of the operations of this brigade during the two days' battle of Nashville, December 15 and 16.

At 8 p. m. December 14 I was sent for at division headquarters, where I received ordered to have my command ready to move at 6 a. m. December 15; sixty rounds of ammunition and three days' rations to each man. I was to form an echelon to left and rear of the left of the Sixteenth Army Corps, and my movements were to be subordinate to General Smith's. I was to form in tow lines of battle, the rear one to be in double column at half distance; one regiment to be left in the works and sufficiently deployed to cover the front then occupied by my brigade. At 6 a. m. December 15 my command was ready to move and I awaited the movement of the Sixteenth Corps for several hours. The morning was densely foggy. As soon as the troops on my right commenced moving my brigade passed to the front of our works and a little to the right, a few hundred yards to the right of Hillsborough pike, facing west of south. The Forty-fourth Illinois Veteran Volunteers, Captain Clark commanding, was left in the works, and a heavy detail made from it to re-enforce the picket-line, which was to act as our skirmishers under charge of brigade and division officers of the day. The Eighty-eighth and Seventy-fourth Illinois Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Smith commanding, formed the right of my front battle line; the One hundred and twenty-fifth Ohio Volunteers, Major Bruff commanding, on Smith's left, all a few paces to the left, and 200 yards to the rear of the Sixteenth Corps left. The Thirty-sixth Illinois Veteran Volunteers, the Seventy-third Illinois Volunteers, Captain Burroughs commanding, the Twenty-fourth Wisconsin Volunteers, Captain Kennedy commanding, formed the second line, each in double column at

