
half distance, and 300 paces to rear of first line. They were formed from right to left in the order of mention of them. To the front of us the field descended into a ravine, then arose into an open and prominent hill or ridge that ran parallel to our line.

At about 10 a. m. we moved forward our skirmishers, driving the enemy's pickets handsomely. As our lines of battle made the crest of this ridge the enemy opened a brisk artillery fire from a wooded and more considerable hill several hundred yards to our front. Our columns were engaged by this fire and they were deployed into line. The ground to our front was of quite a descent and then of easy ascent through open and pleasant woods to near the enemy's instanced position. A short distance before reaching him stone fences and felled trees made ugly obstructions. Colonel Lane, with our Second Brigade, was on my left. I now changed front about thirty degrees to the right, and advanced across the ravine and half way up the enemy's hill. The skirmishers of the brigade under Captain Patten, of the Seventy-third Illinois Volunteers, worked up and occupied a stone a fence pretty well to the rear of the enemy. At about 4 p. m. I was ordered by General Elliott to move up the hill. We moved forward simultaneously with the Second Brigade, the left of the Sixteenth Corps remaining stationary, my right passing closely along their front. Before we got up with our line of battle volunteers had been called for from the skirmish line to go to the rear of the position and carry it. I refer you to regimental reports for lists of those brave men. They carried the position gallantly, aided greatly by the charge in front. A number of my men had a hand-to-hand contest in the work. The rebel artillerymen used their revolvers until overcome by our bayonets. Corpl. Edgar S. Case, Company E, Thirty-sixth Illinois Veteran Volunteers, wrenched a battle-flag from a rebs in the works and gallantry bore it off to his regiment; Lieutenant Hulse, On hundred and twenty-fifth Ohio, seized one of the guns, turned it on the enemy, and himself fired it a number of times; Captain Patten, Seventy-third Illinois Volunteers, and brigade officer of the day, took two guns, place d guard over them until a written receipt was obtained for them. That receipt is now in my possession. I enter into these details so that those brave men and officers may have some acknowledgment of their valuable and gallant services. At dusk I was ordered by General Elliott to form on General Kimball's right and move with him. This was done, moving in the dark a little south of east. The Twenty-fourth Wisconsin covered my front as skirmishers; just east of the Granny White pike skirmishing opened and we halted, threw up rude works, and bivouacked for the night.

December 16, in obedience to division orders I had the Forty-fourth Illinois brought forward, and before broad daylight moved forward with about the same formation as last evening. As we neared the Franklin pike my skirmishers developed the enemy. When my left reached the pike I was ordered to halt and change front, so as to face south, my left against the Franklin pike, Second Brigade on my right, First Division in my rear. I only had room for two regimental fronts. The Thirty-sixth and Forty-fourth Illinois formed my first battle line; Twenty-fourth Wisconsin remained ot as skirmishers. The others were in rear and deployed into line. We waited about two hours for the Third Division to come up on our left, and then we moved forward rapidly and put the enemy behind his works. I was ordered to guide ot the Second Brigade. Our direction was so related to the enemy's line that my left was soon within 150 yards of it and my line nearly perpendicular from it. His artillery and musketry perfectly enfiladed my line.

