
We were halted and the front line soon threw up protective works. The Third Division halted 300 yards to my rear and left, which left me in danger of being turned. I had the left of the front line refused considerably, and placed the four rear regiments in a strong position 150 yards to rear of front line, its left extending two regimental fronts farther to the left and refused them well to the rear. They also threw up works rapidly, and I considered my position strong enough for any probable new. Brisk musketry was maintained between my left front line and the enemy. At about 3 p. m. I was ordered to make all possible demonstration to favor Colonel Post's charge on my left, but not to move unless ordered. An hour later a movement forward commenced on the right, and I took it up, swinging forward my right until parallel with the enemy's works, and then stormed and carried them with 205 prisoners, 15 of whom were officers. I have receipts from division and department provost-marshal for the above captures. The front line alone was in this charge and melee. The rear line was kept in perfect order about 300 yards to the rear. The enemy broke in panic-confusion. We pursued rapidly, crossed the Franklin pike and railroad, and then moved due south and bivouacked after dark, joining the left of our Second Brigade.

The trophies of the brigade were 1 battle-flag, 3 guns, and 205 prisoners of war, 15 of whom were officers. Its losses were 8 men killed, 38 wounded, and 4 missing; total, 50 men.

Colonel Barrett, Forty-fourth Illinois, who is on detached duty at Nashville, galloped out just before the last assault and joined his regiment, not to command, but to fight with it, presenting a fine example of courage and patriotism. Regimental commanders displayed their usual capacity and courage.

My staff were worthy of high thanks, especially Captain R. C. Powers, acting assistant adjutant-general. He rushed over the works with the troops and captured a rebel major with a number of privates.

I feel thankful to Almighty God for such handsome results with such slight losses.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EMERSON OPDYCKE,

Colonel 125th Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Commanding.

Captain E. G. WHITESIDES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADDENDA.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Nashville, Tenn., December 10. 1864.

OFFICERS AND SOLDIERS OF THE FIRST BRIGADE:

Your recent achievements in the terrible battle at Franklin command my profound thanks and admiration. When the furious masses of the enemy had stormed and carried our main works at the key point of our whole position, and were driving our other forces in confusion, you rushed grandly and defiantly forward, your bayonets gleaming with sunlight, assailed the victorious foe, crushing him beneath your mighty energies, captured 394 prisoners, 19 of whom were officers, 9 rebel battle-flags, retook the colors of a regiment belonging to a less fortunate but friendly brigade, retook 8 pieces of artillery and worked them with awful havoc on the deep columns of the enemy, restored our lines, and saved the army from disastrous overthrow.

