
Generals Wagner, Cox, Wood, Stanley, and Schofield each have asserted that the "First Brigade saved the day," and even the immortal Thomas said, "From what they all tell me, colonel, your brigade saved the day."

Shoulder to shoulder, discipline and valor must always triumph. Your fame is high; defend it and maintain it or die gloriously in the effort. It is an honor to belong to the First Brigade. Let us mingle our tears over our fallen comrades.

EMERSON OPDYCKE,

Colonel, Commanding.

Numbers 40. Reports of Major Levi P. Holden, Eighty-eighth Illinois Infantry, commanding Thirty-sixth Illinois Infantry, of operations November 29-30 and December 15-16, 1864.
HDQRS. THIRTY-SIXTH ILLINOIS INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS,Near Nashville, Tenn., December 5, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with orders received, I have the honor to submit the following report of the apart taken by the Thirty-sixth Illinois Infantry Volunteers in the action at Spring Hill, Tenn., November 29, and Franklin, Tenn., November 30, 1864:

The regiment, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel P. C. Olson, with the brigade and division, arrived at Spring Hill about 12 m. November 29, and immediately formed a line of battle facing east and confronting the enemy's cavalry, who were already skirmishing with our own a short distance north of the town. Half an hour later we were withdrawn from the line, and up to 4 p. m. occupied position of inconsiderable importance, at which time we were ordered to support a section of artillery half a mile south of town and about fifty rods east of the Franklin pike. Here we formed a line of battle under fire of the enemy, but could not hold the position long, as the enemy advanced upon us from right, left, and front, compelling us to fall back to an elevated piece of ground a quarter of a mile south of town, where we remained during the night. At 4 a. m. November 30 the regiment joined the brigade which formed a rear guard for the troops marching to Franklin, where we arrived at 2 p. m. and formed line of battle in rear of the brigade. At 3 p. m. the regiment was ordered to advance under a very heavy fire and take position behind the works. The regiment made several attempts to take the next line, but each time was repulsed with heavy loss. We remained in our old position until about 11 p. m., when we received orders to fall back to the north side of the river and reorganize the regiment. After reorganizing, the regiment with the brigade marched to this place. To this report I append a list of casualties.*

L. P. HOLDEN,

Major Eighty-eighth Illinois Infantry, Commanding Regiment.

Captain R. C. POWERS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Shows 1 officer and 5 men killed, 2 officers and 45 men wounded, and 18 men missing.

---------------

