HEADQUARTERS THIRTY-SIXTH ILLINOIS,Near Columbia, Tenn., December 22, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with orders received, I have the honor to make the following report of the apart taken by the Thirty-sixth Illinois in front of Nashville, Tenn., December 15 and 16, 1864:

On the 15th we moved with the brigade and formed a part of the second line; was not engaged with exception of a detachment of twenty skirmishers, commanded by Lieutenant Hall (Thirty-sixth Illinois), who moved forward with the charging column about 4.30 p. m. and captured 1 commissioned officer and 20 men (prisoners) and 2 pieces of artillery. Corpl. E. S. Case, Thirty-sixth Illinois (one of the skirmishers), captured one battle-flag. At daylight on the 16th moved with the brigade about one mile, when we halted, remained there until about 10 a. m., when the regiment was ordered to their position in the front line, joining the Second Brigade on the left. As soon as this position was taken the regiment, with the whole line, charged across an open field, driving the enemy's skirmishers, and advanced to within fifty yards of their works. Our left being exposed, receiving an enfilading fire, and our right giving away, we were compelled to fall back about 100 yards, where we reformed our line and remained until 5 p. m., when, perceiving the enemy giving away in our front, I ordered the rgiemnt forward to the works, where they moved in good order, capturing about 200 prisoners; moved about one mile after passing the works, where I reformed the regiment and took my position in the second line.

Both officers and men under my command behaved in the most praiseworthy manner; their bravery and coolness while in action was unsurpassed, as on former fields in which they have won a high reputation.

To this report I append a list of casualties.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. P. HOLDEN,

Major Eighty-eighth Illinois, Commanding Brigade.

Captain R. C. POWERS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 41. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John Russell, Forty-fourth Illinois Infantry, of operations November 30, 1864.
HDQRS. FORTY-FOURTH ILLINOIS VETERAN INFANTRY,Nashville, Tenn., December 6, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following report of the apart taken by this regiment in the battle of Franklin, November 30, 1864:

When we were ordered forward the enemy had driven our forces in on the center and had planted their colors on our works. We charged forward, drove the enemy back, and replanted our colors on the works. As we did so a good many fugitives that had been driven back were rallied and went forward with us. The enemy had captured all that was left of our battery, and as we rushed forward they forced a part of the men belonging to the battery over the works with them. After being driven back the enemy occupied the outer portion of our works

---------------

*Shows 3 men killed, 1 officer and 6 men wounded, and 2 men missing.

---------------

