
Numbers 43. Reports of Captain Wilson Burroughs, Seventy-third Illinois Infantry, of operations November 29-30 and December 15-16, 1864.
HDQRS. SEVENTY-THIRD ILLINOIS VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Nashville, Tenn., December 4, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the following as the operations of this command from the morning of the 29th of November to December, 1, 1864:

Upon breaking up camp on this side of Duck River, near Columbia, Tenn., on the morning of the 29th, four companies of the regiment, viz, A, F, D, and I, were ordered to go forward and get in advance of the train proceed to Spring Hill, and there deploy out across the pike and railroad and stop stragglers and others from coming any farther this way. They proceeded under command of Captain Jones, of Company D, to carry the order out, and a few minutes after taking up their position the enemy's cavalry made their appearance, approaching the town from the northeast. Captain Jones, seeing that they would cut him off from the rest of the army if they succeeded in gaining the town, immediately fell back to some barricades erected by the One hundred and twentieth Indiana. In the meantime the rest of the brigade came up and drove the enemy back. Previous to this the remaining companies of the regiment, which were in the advance of the brigade, had been thrown out on the right as flankers, and held their position on the skirmish line during the night. The four companies under command of Captain Jones were sent out on the extreme left of the line of skirmish line during the night. The four companies under command of Captain Jones were sent out on the extreme left of the line of skirmishers, but soon after the One hundred and twenty-fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry came in upon their left, which was the position during the night. On the morning of the 30th the regiment was withdrawn from the line and again united and acted in conjunction with the rest of the brigade as rear guard, and advanced in line of battle on the left of the pike to Franklin, the Forty-fourth Illinois being upon the right. Upon our arrival at Franklin we were brought into a position upon the left of the pike as we approach Nashville, and some 300 or 400 yards n the rear of our line of works, for rest and refreshment. The enemy after massing their forces drove in our skirmish line and rapidly advanced upon the main line, a portion of which broke in considerable confusion, which our men perceiving and knowing the necessity of immediate action became clamorous to be led to the works and rescue, and upon receiving the order from Major Motherspaw to advance, did so with a cheer, reaching the works now upon the right of the pike just in time to drive the enemy back and save a battery which had been left without any support. This position the regiment held during the rest of the engagement, repulsing the enemy in their several desperate attempts to drive us from our position. The regiment was withdrawn with the rest of the brigade and arrived in this city on the 1st instant.

The following is a list of the casualties:*

Recapitulation: Commissioned officers killed, 1; wounded, 3. Enlisted men killed, 5; wounded, 18; missing, 6.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILSON BURROUGHS,

Captain, Commanding Seventy-third Illinois Volunteer Infantry.

Captain R. C. POWERS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

