HDQRS. SEVENTY-THIRD ILLINOIS INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS,Camp near Huntsville, Ala., January 12, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the part taken by my regiment in the two days' battle near Nashville, Tenn., December 15 and 16, 1864. It was formed in the second line during both these days, and conformed to the various evolutions of the brigade; it also took part in the charges made in each day's operations. The casualties were one enlisted man mortally wounded in the advance made on the enemy's works during the second day.

I have to add that my regiment sustained its former reputation for good conduct before the enemy, and I refrain from mentioning the valor of any particular one lest I should do injustice to the remainder.

I am, sir, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

WILSON BURROUGHS,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Colonel E. OPDYCKE,

Commanding First Brigadier, Second Div., Fourth Army Corps.

Numbers 44. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel George W. Smith, Seventy-fourth and Eighty-eighth Illinois Infantry (consolidated), of operations November 22-30 and December 15-16, 1864.
HDQRS. EIGHTY-EIGHTH REGIMENT ILLINOIS INFANTRY,In the Field, near Nashville, Tenn., December 4, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part borne by this command during the recent operations of the Army of the Cumberland:

November 22, moved out with the army from Pulaski, Tenn., and marched to Lynnville. November 23, broke camp at 2 a. m. and marched to Columbia, going into position and building works. November 25, reconnoitered the enemy, skirmishing with his advance. At night fell back to a new position, which we intrenched. November 27, consolidation of the Seventy-fourth Regiment Illinois Infantry with this command. Evacuated Columbia at dark, crossing Duck River. November 28, went into reserve position on north side Duck River. November 29, marched to Spring Hill; skirmished with enemy's cavalry from 2 p. m. until dark, driving them from the town. Remained on picket all night. November 30, constituted the skirmish line for the rear of the army; exchanged shots with the enemy during the entire march. Reached Franklin at 2 p. m. At 4 p. m. led the brigade in a charge upon the enemy's assaulting column, successfully repulsing it, and capturing Harpeth River at 2 a. m. December 1, and marching with the brigade to the outer defenses of Nashville, where we went into camp preparatory to being assigned to position.

Upon all occasions of conflict with the enemy the officers and men of the consolidated command behaved with the utmost courage and coolness.

I have the honor to remain, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. SMITH,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain R. C. POWERS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

