HDQRS. 88TH AND 74TH ILLINOIS INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS,Duck River, December 21, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by this command in the battles of Nashville on the 15th and 16th instant:

The regiment was not immediately engaged, but moved into position at different points on the line with its brigade and was under fire much of the time. In the first day's engagement a detail from the command was upon the skirmish line under direction of Lieutenant-Colonel Boone, division officer of the day, and conducted itself well. In the afternoon volunteers were called for to pass in rear of a rebel battery, and, if possible, capture it. Some twenty were engaged in the work, and the result was a success. The names from this command are: Sergt. William I. Colvin and Corpl. Peter M. Woolf, Company A; Corpl. W. W. Dillon, Company H; Private George Tyrrell, Company F, and Private Joseph Bray, Company K, Eighty-eighth Illinois.

Many prisoners came into our lines during the two days, but it will be impossible to estimate correctly their number, nor am I inclined to claim them as captures of the regiment. The casualties were: Privates Josiah Inman, Company D, and Horatio Banks, Company E, Seventy-fourth Illinois, slightly wounded.

I remain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. SMITH,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain R. C. POWERS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 45. Report of Captain Edward P. Bates, One hundred and twenty-fifth Ohio Infantry, of operations November 29-December 1, 1864.
HEADQUARTERS 125TH OHIO VOLUNTEER,Nashville, Tenn., December 4, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the operations of the One hundred and twenty-fifth Ohio Volunteers from November 29 to December 1, 1864.

On the morning of November 29 the regiment was bivouacked on the north bank of Duck River, opposite Columbia. At 8 a. m., and ten minutes after receiving the order, my command marched, as directed by Colonel Opdycke, the fifth regiment in the brigade and division, on the pike toward Spring Hill, distant twelve miles. At 11 a. m., having arrived within a mile of the town, the command was moved double-quick to reach the place before it should be occupied by a large cavalry force of the enemy then in sight. Our lines were formed north of the town, with the One hundred and twenty-fifth Ohio on the left of the pike and of the brigade, and as soon as formed the brigade advanced, driving back the enemy till he disappeared from our front. Soon after he was seen advancing on the Franklin pike, and, as directed by the colonel commanding, my regiment was immediately deployed and advanced, covering the pike, and successfully held the enemy in check there while other parts of the lines became more seriously engaged.

A skirmish line of more than half a mile in length was thus main

