
tained by the regiment during the afternoon and night. Meanville the army and train retreated safely trough our lines toward Franklin. At daybreak the regiment joined the brigade, which was to be rear guard. The lines of retreat were formed under direction of the colonel commanding, with the One hundred and twenty-fifth Ohio in the rear line on the left of the pike. At 6 a. m. the retirement commenced and proceeded without serious interruption to Franklin, which place we reached about 2 p. m. and took a commanding position to check the advancing columns of the enemy's cavalry and infantry then in sight. At about 3 p. m. the brigade was relieved and move within a hastily constructed line of works near Carter's house, on the pike, where the men were permitted to take the first refreshments of the day. Scarcely was supper ended when sharp picket-firing heard on all sides, and the men were called to arms; they rebel battle-line soon joined their skirmishers and the fight began. With all celerity the regiments of the brigade were moved to right and left of the pike ready for use, and the front of my command uncovered; the next moment the line at the works was broken, a mass of frightened recruits and panic-stricken men case suring back, and the clash of arms, the whizzing of bullets, and the demoniac yell of an elated foe was all that could be heard, when the order came from our leader to advance my regiment, and the One hundred and twenty-fifth Ohio charged double-quick through and over crowds of routed men, and met the rebels at our abandoned works, and poured into them withering volleys that sent them reeling back from our lines, strewing their way with flags, dead, and wounded. I was quickly joined on the left by the gallant Twenty-fourth Wisconsin and Eighty-eighth Illinois, and on the right by the noble Thirty-sixth Illinois that added their veteran fire, which thoroughly repulsed the first fierce assault. Two guns at the right of the regiment that had been deserted by all but a single corporal, were quickly brought into action again, new barricades constructed, stragglers forced back to them, and disaster averted.

repeated assaults were made and repulsed, each time with great loss to the enemy in killed, wounded, and prisoners. The trophies secured were 2 guns saved, 2 battle-flags and 85 prisoners captured.

I cannot select retributive language to describe the bravery evinced by the entire regiment. Officers were example and the men emulated them. Some instances deserve particular mention. Sergt. Henry Ross, of Company H, penetrated enemy's lines three times, demanded surrender, and actually conducted to our lines 40 rebel prisoners. Corpl. Joseph Wilson, Company C, was captured and subsequently made his escape with 25 rebels as prisoners. Sergeant French, Company C, in charge of a party of sharpshooters, did excellent service. Private William C. Roberts, Company, I and Theophile Ducquet, Company D, captured each a rebel battle-flag.

The casualties in the regiment were 1 officer and 1 man killed; 1 officer and 13 men severely and 1 officer and 6 men slightly wounded, and 8 men missing.

Among the killed was the lamented Captain R. B. Stewart, of Company D, whose courage, capacity, generosity, and intellectual worth endeared him to all, and recommended him to higher position. It is due to those reported missing, to say that they are all men of true courage, and that death or severe wounds caused them to be missing.

At 11 p. m. the regiment retired a short distance from the works as support to the pickets, and at 12 crossed the Harpeth River, having brought the wounded off the field. The march was immediately

