
resumed, with the One hundred and twenty-fifth Ohio first in the brigade, and the brigade was the first of the army to enter Nashville at 10 a. m. December 1, 1864.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD P. BATES,

Captain, Commanding 125th Ohio Volunteers.

Captain R. C. POWERS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 46. Report of Major Joseph Bruff, One hundred and twenty-fifth Ohio Infantry, of operations December 15-16, 1864.
HEADQUARTERS 125TH OHIO VOLUNTEERS,Near Columbia, Tenn., December 21, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 15th instant my command, simultaneous with others, moved out of the works at Nashville to attack the enemy, participating in the charge upon the enemy's position to the left of the Hillsborough pike, which we carried. Lieutenant Hulse, in command of squad of skirmishers, captured one gun to the right and front of this position, which he turned upon the enemy, doing good service. On the 16th advanced upon the enemy's works to the right of the Franklin pike and charged with the line, the enemy flying in disorder.

The casualties in the command were 1 killed and 3 severely wounded. Your obedient servant,

JOSEPH BRUFF,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

[Captain R. C. POWERS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.]

Numbers 47. Report of Captain Edwin B. Parson, Twenty-fourth Wisconsin Infantry, of operations November 29-December 1, 1864.
HDQRS. TWENTY-FOURTH WISCONSIN VOLUNTEERS,Nashville, December 4, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders from your headquarters this day I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the late battle at Franklin, and the movements from the 29th ultimo to the 1st instant, inclusive:

At 8 a. m., on the morning of the 29th ultimo, in obedience to orders, we broke camp in front of Columbia, and marched left in front, following the Thirty-sixth Illinois; marching rapidly we arrived at Spring Hill about 11 a. m., moving trough the town at double-quick, and formed line of battle with the Thirty-sixth Illinois on our right and the Forty-fourth Illinois on our left; advanced about 400 yards, halted and threw up a barricade of rails. Arrived just in time to prevent the enemy's

