
cavalry from entering the town. We remained in this position until about 4.30 p. m., when we were ordered to the railroad station; we threw up a barricade and remained all night, picketing our front and connecting with the pickets of the Forty-fourth Illinois on our right. On the morning of the 30th, at 4 a. m., in obedience to orders, we marched to the right of the Franklin pike, where we formed in line with One hundred and twenty-fifth Ohio on our right and the Thirty-sixth Illinois on our left, acting as rear guard. We marched in this manner until we arrived near Franklin, when, the skirmishers being withdraw from our front, we were ordered to take position behind a stone wall on the left of pike and observe the movements of the enemy. After remaining in this position three-quarters of an hour we were ordered to move by the flank again toward the rear; moving a short distance the order was countermanded, and the regiment was deployed as skirmishers; remaining in this position about half an hour we were ordered to move by the flank into Franklin, which we did, first deploying three companies as skirmishers to cover the rear. Arriving near the works the regiment was relieved by a regiment from the Second Brigade. We then marched in with the other regiments of the brigade, went 400 yards to the rear of the works, where we stacked arms, and the men were allowed to rest and get their dinners, it being now about 2.30 p. m., having marched without breakfast. At about 4.30 p. m. the enemy attacked our lines furiously, and the troops in the works in our front gave in confusion. We charged forward with fixed bayonets, driving many stragglers back to the works and retaking a part of the lines, which had been momentarily held by the enemy. The fighting at this point was for a time hand to hand, one of my sergeants receiving a severe wound in the head from a saber in the hands of a rebel officer. The regiment remained behind the works keeping up a continual fire until about 11 p. m., when, Major MacArthur having been wounded and Captain Philbrook, acting field officer, killed, I assumed command of the regiment, and, in obedience to orders, formed it and marched back to town, when we remained about half an hour, when I was ordered to follow the One hundred and twenty-fifth Ohio and form line a short distance in rear of the works to support the line incase of necessity. We remained in this position about three-quarters of an hour, when I was ordered to follow the One hundred and twenty-fifth Ohio across the river, marching all night toward Nashville.

Major MacArthur was severely wounded soon after the engagement commenced while gallantry leading his regiment in the thickets of the fight, and Captain Phillbrook, than whom a braver officer never lived, was killed near me while nobly performing his duty. I deeply regret we re obliged to leave his body in the hands of the enemy.

Our loss in enlisted men was killed, 16 wounded, and 3 missing.

Where all did so nobly 'tis impossible to note each individual case of gallantry without doing injustice to others. For some seven hours the regiment was under the fire of the enemy, the men volunteering as often as necessary to go back and bring up supplies of ammunition, and keeping up so constant a fire as to prevent the enemy again advancing on the works.

I desire to make mention of Sergts. Felix McSorely and Thomas Toohey, of Company F, who assisted in working the guns of the battery near the right of the regiment after nearly every man had left them, the fire of the enemy being hotter at this time than any point on the line. I would also mention Corpl. John Miller, of Company B, who

