
brought off the colors of the Fifty-first Illinois that had been left on the field, carrying them all night he delivered them to the adjutant of that regiment the next day.

On December 1 we continued our march until about noon, when we formed line and went into camp near Nashville.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

E. B. PARSONS,

Captain, Commanding.

Captain R. C. POWERS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigade, Second Division.

Numbers 48. Report of Captain Charles Hartung, Twenty-fourth Wisconsin Infantry, of operations December 15-16, 1864.
HDQRS. TWENTY-FOURTH WISCONSIN VOLUNTEERS,Huntsville, January 13, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders I have the honor to report the following part taken by my regiment in that late engagements in front of Nashville, December 15 and 16, 1864:

On the morning of the 15th ultimo, in obedience to orders, the command was in readiness to move at an early hour, but did not until about 8 a. m., when it followed the Seventy-third Illinois. Moved out of the entrenchments and to the right of our former position, and closed en masse in rear of the first line of battle. After lying in this position about two hours the order to move forward was given; halted several times before reaching the first range of hills. When near the brow of the hill we halted until, the fire from the enemy's battery being so accurate, the order was given to deploy the regiment and move forward to a fence, where we remained near two hours. We then moved over the hill through a ravine and to the foot of another hill on which the enemy had a redoubt. Remained here but a short time getting into position preparatory to making a charge on the works, when we moved forward at double-quick, and the works were carried without opposition. After reaching the top of the hill we remained in line about an hour, when we moved to the front nearly a mile by the right flank. The regiment was then ordered on the skirmish line, and moved forward about half a mile after deploying. It now being dark, we soon struck the enemy's skirmishers, when brisk firing commenced. Maintained the position until orders were received to retire. Moved a short distance to the rear, threw up a line of works, and remained all night. At 6 a. m. on the morning of the 16th the order was received to move forward. Moved cautiously about two miles, when we came upon the enemy's skirmishers and drove them steadily back to their main line of works, where we remained until about 3 p. m., when the regiment was relieved by a regiment from General Steedman's command; the regiment then retired a short distance and awaited orders. Remained in this position nearly two hours, when orders came to rejoin the brigade. After rejoining the brigade the regiment marched in line of battle about two miles to the font and went into camp.

I have the honor to be, captain, respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

CHAS HARTUNG,

Captain, Commanding.

[Captain R. C. POWERS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.]

