
across the ravine in front, and halted at the foot of the hill occupied by the enemy. I here readjusted my lines, and charged up the hill simultaneously with the skirmish line and the commands on my right and left. The men comprehended the task before them, and bounded forward with a yell and determined vigor that the enemy could not withstand, and before the line became fairly engaged be have way, leaving his works in our possession. My skirmish line charged over the parapet in advance of the line of battle, capturing four guns, but pressing on without leaving a guard with them they fell into other hands.

The skirmishers continued to drive the enemy for some distance beyond his works, and captured another (Napoleon) gun, which was brought back into my lines. I next moved on a line parallel with the enemy's works, following the interval between Colonel Opdycke's brigade and the Sixteenth Army Corps, about a mile, and bivouacked for the night on the east side of the Granny White pike, on a line between the First and Third Brigades of this division. On the morning of the 16th, at about 7.30 o'clock, I advanced in two lines between the other two brigades in direction nearly due east until nearing the Franklin pike, when my skirmish line encountered the enemy drove him into his works. The line was then swung to the right and advanced on a line with the pike, double quacking to within 150 yards of the enemy's main works, where I found him in force, and in obedience to orders halted and constructed a line of rifle-pits. I here remained, occasionally demonstrating against the enemy and keeping up a constant fire, to keep down the sharpshooters, until about 4 p. m., when, the enemy's line having been broken on the right, a general charge was ordered and the main works carried at the point of the bayonet without serious loss, capturing 83 prisoners. I pursued the enemy for some distance after crossing his works, and then reformed my command and advanced about a mile, going into camp at dark in order of battle.

During the two days' engagement I lost 8 officers wounded, 4 men killed 47 wounded, 3 missing; among the former Lieutenant-Colonel Barnes, commanding Ninety-seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry, and Lieutenant-Colonel Blanch, commanding Fifty-seventh Indiana Veteran Volunteer Infantry.

I will make special mention of any one where all did their whole duty, executing all my orders and moving against the enemy with a willingness I have never seen excelled.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. Q. LANE,

Colonel Ninety-seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Commanding.

Major J. B. SAMPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Near Huntsville, Ala., January 5, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report the following captures of trophies by my command. The articles cannot now be obtained, as they are with the regimental baggage, but will be forwarded as soon as possible, together with a statement of the circumstances attending each capture:

One battle-flag, captured by Sergt. Alfred Ransbottom, Company K, Ninety-seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry, at Franklin, Tenn., November 30, 1864.

