
Commissioned officer's sword, captured at Nashville, Tenn., December 16, 1864, by First S. B. Moody, Company D, One hundredth Illinois Volunteers.

Battle-flag, captured by Private James S. O'Riley, Company I, Fortieth Indiana Volunteers, at Franklin, Tenn., November 30, 1864.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. Q. LANE,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major J. B. SAMPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Div., Fourth Army Corps.

Numbers 50. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Charles M. Hammond, One hundredth Illinois Infantry, of operations December 15-16, 1864.
HDQRS. 100TH ILLINOIS INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS,Near Huntesville, Ala., January 12, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command in the battles in front of Nashville, on the 15th and 16th of December, 1864:

the evening of December 14 I received orders from Colonel J. Q. Lane, commanding brigade, to have my command in readiness to march at 6 o'clock the following morning with three days' rations and sixty rounds of ammunition per man. At 7 a. m. December 15 I moved my command from the works near the Hillsborough pike by the right flank a distance of about 300 yards, where I halted and formed my regiment in column by divisions in rear of the Fortieth Indiana Volunteers, my right resting on the First Brigade, Second Division, Fourth Army Corps, my left on the Ninety-seventh Ohio Volunteers. After remaining in this position about two hours I was ordered to move forward. At a distance of about 400 yards from our own works the enemy opened on us with artillery, when I was ordered to deploy my regiment and move in line of battle. Upon arriving near the enemy's rifle-pits I was ordered to halt my command and have the men lie down. I remained in this position until about 4 p. m., when our skirmish line charged the enemy's works, and, by order of Colonel Lane, I moved my command forward on the double-quick to their support. The works being carried I moved my regiment through a dense thicket to the left of the Granny White pike, when, ny order of Colonel Lane, I deployed my regiment as skirmishers, moved forward, and ascertained the enemy's position, and established a picket-line, which I held until the morning of the 16th instant. At 7 a. m. December 16 I was ordered by Colonel Buckner, Seventy-ninth Illinois Volunteer Infantry, and division officer of the day, to move my skirmish line forward to the Franklin pike, after crossing which I swung my left forward, and afterward conformed to the movements of the regiment on my right. We struck the enemy's skirmishers and drove then in good style into their rifle-pits. Lieutenant M. N. M. Stewart, Company A, the inimitable skirmisher and hero, with Companies A and F, then charged, and drove the enemy from their rifle-pits and into their main line of works, holding the line until about 4 p. m., at which time they were relieved by colored troops from General Steedman's command, who charged the enemy's works and were repulsed. I was ordered by General Wood to deploy my regiment

