
and stop such men as were falling back of the original line, Order being restored, I was directed by Colonel Buckner, Seventy-ninth Illinois, division officer of the say, to join my brigade, wherever I could find it, which I succeeded in doing at dark.

The casualties in my command were exceedingly light, considering the length of time we were exposed to fire during the two days' battle. The following is a list of casualties: Wounded - Joseph Butcher, private, Company F, leg amputated; Edward M. Clark, private, Company B, flesh, ankle.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. M. HAMMOND,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain LOUIS L. COX,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 51. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Henry Leaming, Fortieth Indiana Infantry, of operations december 15-16, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report that part taken in that battles of the 15th and 16th of December last, before Nashville, Tennessee:

The regiment under my command was simply used as a support for there first line; not being itself actually engaged, of course acted only a secondary part; still, I think the part was well maintained. I noticed a great improvement in the morale of the recruits, who had reached me but a short time previous to the battle of franklin, and found them pretty well broken in to stand about the only fire they were exposed to, that of the enemy's artillery. My total loss was 11 men - 1 killed and 10 wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. LEAMING,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain COX,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADDENDA.
HDQRS. FORTIETH INDIANA VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Near Huntsville, Ala., January 14, 1865.

Captain L. L. COX,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-general:

SIR: In compliance with your request to send you the rebel battle-flag captured by my regiment at Franklin, Tenn., together with a statement of the circumstances attending its capture, I have the honor to report that the flag was captured by Private James S. O'Riley, Company I, under the following circumstances: After a part of the second line at the battle of Franklin had given way a number of the enemy came over our works and some into the yard of the brisk house just to the right of the Columbia pike. Private O'Riley with others stopped behind the house, and the fire they opened prevented

