
the farther progress of the enemy at that place. O'Riley did not long remain behind his shelter, but sallying out met a color-bearer of the rebel force at the other end of the house, and running him through with his bayonet carried off his flag in triumph. colonel Blake afterward obtained the flag and probably now knows where it is. I shall request him to send it back to the regiment.

I remain, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. LEAMING,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Fortieth Indiana Infantry Volunteers.

Numbers 52. Report of Major John S. McGraw, Fifty-seventh Indiana Infantry, of operations December 15-16, 1864.
HDQRS. FIFTY-SEVENTH REGIMENT INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,Huntsville, January 12, 1865.

SIR: In compliance with instructions I have the honor to submit the following report of the par taken by this regiment in the engagements of the 15th and 16th ultimo at Nashville, Tenn.:

On the 14th ultimo this regiment was occupying a position in the fortifications defending Nashville, to the immediate right of the Hillsborough pike, Lieutenant-Colonel Blanch commanding. On the evening of that orders were received at these headquarters from Colonel J. Q. Lane to be, with the command, in readiness to move before daylight of the 15th ultimo. In accordance everything was prepared, and at near daylight the brigade began a movement to the right of the position which it had been occupying. After going about half a mile in this direction the lines the brigade were formed in front of the fortifications, this regiment being assigned a position on the left of the front line of the brigade. The enemy occupied a position well fortified to our front about one mile. Our line was advanced, conforming to the movements of troops to our right, until we rested within about 500 yards of the enemy's main line of works, occupying in doing do the day until nearly 4 p. m. During this advance the enemy was somewhat active with his artillery. At not far from 4 p. m. an assault wa ordered on the enemy's position, to which we at once advanced. When the assault was fairly commenced the enemy to our abandoned their works, firing before and as they did so to a very limited extent, which fact accounts for the exceedingly small loss sustained. After possessing the enemy's position our lines were reformed and the advance was continued to a point on the Granny White pike, where we rested for the night. On the following morning, the 16th, pursuit was continued and the enemy was found to have assumed a position to the rear of the one occupied by him on the 15th, one mile, or near that distance. At about 100 a. m. an advance was ordered and began, when the enemy opened from his line of works a heavy fire on us. When this fire was opened the men of the advancing line began the double-quick and cheer, and the result was an assault on the enemy's position, which proved a failure, as the left of this division was not connected with other troops. As I was not in command of the regiment at the time I cannot say whether an order to make the assault was received or not. During this movement Lieutenant-Colonel Blanch was wounded so severely that he was compelled

