
to leave the field, and I at once assumed command of the regiment. After occupying a position within easy musket-range of the enemy's main line until nearly 4 p. m., an assault to our right being successful, i was ordered to push my regiment forward. The order was at once carried out and the enemy was driven in confusion from their works. Pursuit was continued beyond the Franklin pike and to the vicinity of the Brentwood Pass, where we rested for the night.

Some prisoners were captured by this command, to what number I cannot say, as they were in all cases sent to the rear of our line unguarded. The loss of the regiment during the two days' engagement is 1 killed and 15 wounded.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN S. McGRAW,

Major, Commanding regiment.

[Captain L. L. COX,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.]

Numbers 53. Report of Lieutenant Colonel J. Rowan Boone, Twenty-eight Kentucky Infantry, of operations December 15-16, 1864.
HDQRS. TWENTY-EIGHTH KENTUCKY VETERAN VOLS.,Huntsville, Ala., January 12, 1865.

SIR: In compliance with instructions, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Twenty-eighth kentucky in the operations against the enemy before Nashville, Tenn., December 15 and 16, 1864:

The regiment, under command of Major G. W. Barth, was formed in line of battle about 7 a. m. December 15, on the right of the front line of the Second Brigade, Second Division, Fourth Corps, before the fortifications of the Third Brigade, Second Division, Fourth Corps. An advance of the line was soon ordered and the regiment was moved forward, conforming its movements to those of the brigade line of battle, and encountering considerable opposition from the enemy, who disputed the advance with artillery an musketry, to little effect, however, as he was rapidly driven from each position selected, with little loss to us. Just before dark, or about 4.30 p. m., the enemy was discovered prepared to stand behind a good line of field-works, on a knoll immediately to the left of the Hillsborough pike. The order to charge was given by our brigade commander, Colonel Lane, and with a loud yell that bespoke success the regiment made its way rapidly over the stone fences, across the pike, then up the hill, through the abatis, and the fort, artillery, and many prisoners stood as the captured fruits of a gallant and successful charge. The bright and new colors, which only a few days before had been presented the regiments, were among the first, if not themselves the first, that floated over the fort, and told its capture; thus within a few hours after being given to the regiment they met with a baptism bloody but glorious. May it ever be so while they are borne against the enemies of such a Government as that they represent. About a mile beyond and directly to the rear of this fort, by Colonel Lane's order, the regiment fortified its front, and thereafter

