
rested the remainder of the night. Before moving out the morning of the 16th instant I resumed command of the regiment having the day previous been in charge of the skirmish line of the division, as division officer of the day. Early the lines was formed. The position of the regiment was same in the line of battle as the day previous and the advance ordered. Skirmishing soon ensued, but not checking the advancing line. A halt was made on the hill-side to the right of the Franklin pike, and while in this position the enemy opened on us with a battery some distance to our right, but causing no casualties in my regiment.

About 1 o'clock the line was again put in motion; the skirmishers soon became engaged, and by 2 o'clock developed the enemy in force in our front with an evident determination to stay if he could. Colonel Lane ordered a charge; a stirring and confident yell followed. The ground to be traversed was broken and the distance considerable to run over with heavy knapsacks, &amp;c., but the men bounded forward with alacrity regardless of the storm of grape, shell, canister, and musketry that opposed their advance, and drove the enemy over the hills to the cover of a formidable line of works, covered by several heavy lines of abatis, and made to secure the Franklin pike. Our line ran at right angles with these works, but we moved up to within easy rifle-range. We were then order to change front to the rear, and this being done we squarely faced the enemy in his fortifications. Skirmishers were thrown out in our front, and in almost incredibly short space of time the regiment had covered its front with a good and secure line of works, from which it kept up so heavy a fire as to silence the enemy in our front. about 4 p. m. we were ordered to charge the enemy's fortifications. The line was formed, the order given, and received by the men with the same exhibition of confidence that had characterized them the day before, and they dashed toward the works, passed the entanglements and abatis, cleared the works, and captured many prisoners, all of whom were ordered to the rear, and the regiment continued the pursuit of the flying and demoralized enemy, "who stood not upon the order of going but went at once," every one for himself, and each one apparently anxious to lead the "retrograde movements." The pursuit continued as rapidly as possible until we neared Brentwood, when darkness interfered and the brigade halted for the night. The Twenty-eighth Kentucky was detailed for picket, and covered the front of the brigade during the night. I am informed by the ordnance officer that the regiment expended 37,000 rounds of ammunition this day, and I can testify that it was all sent in the direction of the enemy and was not lost on the field.

On this occasion the officers and men of the regiment fully sustained the reputation they had long before established and continue to enjoy. While we rejoice in the consciousness of having contributed in some degree toward the accomplishment of so much advantage to our cause, we cannot but feel grateful and happy because of having suffered so inconsiderable a numerical loss in casualties.

reports of the killed and wounded have preceded this, showing name, rank, company, &c.; the total is 1 enlisted man killed and 5 wounded.

I have the honor to be, respectfully,

J. ROWAN BOONE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant LOUIS L. COX,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

