
Numbers 54. Report of Captain William Clark, Twenty-sixth Ohio Infantry, of operations December 15-16, 1864.
HDQRS. TWENTY-SIXTH OHIO VET. VOL. INFANTRY,Near Huntsville, Ala., January 12, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor of forwarding the following report of the part taken by this command in the engagements in front of Nashville on the 15th and 16th ultimo:

On the morning of the 15th ultimo the regiment, consisting of 116 guns and 6 commissioned officers (1 field and staff and 5 line), was ordered to deploy along the works covering the old front of the Second Brigade, and hold them at all hazards. We remained here until the morning of the 16th, at 4 o'clock, nothing of importance occurring, when we were ordered to rejoin our brigade on the Granny White pike, where we found them advancing on the enemy, who had retired to a strong line of works near the Franklin pike. Advanced with the brigade, driving the enemy's skirmishers from their pits, and taking a position within seventy-five yards of their main works; but were forced to retire after a few minutes to the rebel skirmish pits, where we kept up a heavy fire and constructed a line of works. Remained here until the enemy's lines were broken on our right, when we moved forward, driving them from their works, and pursued them about three miles, where we were overtaken by night and went into camp. Lost during the day 1 man wounded and 1 missing.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM CLARK,

Captain, Commanding.

Lieutenant LOUIS L. COX,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 55. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Milton Barnes, Ninety-seventh Ohio Infantry, of operations November 29-30 and December 15-16, 1864.
HDQRS. NINETY-SEVENTH REGIMENT OHIO VOL. INFTY,Near Nashville, Tenn., December 5, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor herewith to submit the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the recent engagements with the enemy in the vicinity of Spring Hill and Franklin, Tenn., on the 29th and 30th, respectively, of November, 1864:

On the morning of the 29th, Colonel John Q. Lane having been called to the command of the brigade, I found myself in command of the regiment, and marched from the vicinity of Columbia to Spring Hill. On nearing the latter place, and in obedience to orders, and learning that our advance was engaging the enemy, I double-quicked the regiment through and to the eastward of the town. The enemy's cavalry were posted in heavy lines of battle in full view on the hill opposite, and were already bearing down on our skirmishers, of whom Company F, of this regiment, formed a part. Forming my line of battle quickly, and receiving an order from Colonel Lane to advance, we charged rapidly

