
Our casualties are as follow, viz: Officers - wounded, 5; missing,1; Enlisted men - wounded, 38; killed, 5; missing, 20. Total, 69.

The greater portion of those reported missing are supposed to be either killed or wounded and in the enemy's hands.

Respectfully,

M. BARNES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant LOUIS L. COX,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade, &amp;c.
HDQRS. NINETY-SEVENTH REGIMENT OHIO VOL. INFTY,Near Huntsville, Ala,m January 14, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the late battles in front of Nashville, Tenn., on the 15th and 16th of December, A. D. 1864:

Having been notified of, and ordered to be in readiness for, the contemplated movement upon the enemy the evening previous, I had the regiment fully equipped and ready to move by daylight on the morning of the 15th. About 9 a. m. of that day we advanced, in connection with the rest of the brigade, beyond our previous line of works, and moving and cautiously forward we gained th brow of a hill in an open field, about half a mile distant, where we lay for several hours in support of the battery which was attached to our division, and which was engaging the enemy in his strongly fortified position on the hill beyond, and where we were exposed to his artillery fire. About 4 p. m. we advanced across the open ground intervening between our relative positions about half a mile, when we halted in line of battle at the foot of the hill which the enemy occupied. It was only a few minutes, however, when a general charge was ordered to take the works; we moved forward in line of battle in double-quick, and participated in the capture of this strong position. Lieutenant John H. Carlisle, of Company A, with a detail of twenty men from the regiment, constituted a part of the skirmish line, and were among the first to center the enemy's works. This closed the active operations of the day, and after reforming our line we moved forward, bearing to the left until we crossed the Granny White pike, where we halted and went into camp for the night. At daylight on the morning of the 16th we moved in an easterly direction until we struck a ridge of woodland on the right of the Franklin pike, when we changed direction to the right, and halted until about 12 m. While in this position we were subjected to a vigorous artillery fire from the enemy's guns. About 1 p. m. we were ordered forward on a line nearly parallel with the puke; we moved in quick time, and for the last quarter of a mile in double-quick, driving the enemy's skirmishers until we reached a point on an elevated piece of ground within 200 yards of their main works, when the regiment, being within easy range, became actively engaged, and, although sorely pressed, receiving a raking fire of musketry and artillery, we we held our position, and succeeded in throwing up a light breast-work. In this position most of our casualties occurred. A vigorous fire was kept up until dispositions were being made for the final charge, which resulted in the complete and final rout of the enemy from his well chosen and formidable position. A few minutes before this last movement was executed I received a wound in my right shoulder from a shell, which temporarily disabled me, and made it necessary

