
for me to leave the field. I turned over the command of the regiment to Captain C. C. Nichols, whose report* for the remainder of the campaign is herewith transmitted.

Up to this time the casualties were as follows: Officers, wounded, 6; enlisted men, wounded, 19; killed, 1. Total, 26.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. BARNES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain L. L. COX,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. NINETY-SEVENTH Regiment OHIO VOL. INFANTRY,Near Huntsville, Ala., February 10, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report that the bearer, First Sergt. Alfred Ransbottom, Company K, Ninety-seventh Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, captured the accompanying rebel battle-flag at the battle of Franklin, Tenn., on the 30th day of November, 1864. The incidents connected with its capture are as follows: Our troops occupied a temporary line of works south of Franklin, Tenn., which was frequently assaulted by the enemy. This regiment took a very important part in the conflict, repelling the attack in every instance. The enemy kept up an incessant fire, and charged our line frequently until after night-fall, when volunteers were called for to pass through a gap in our works on the Columbia pike that they might enfilade the enemy and capture a portion of their storming party. Sergeant Ransbottom was among the first to volunteer to execute this perilous task, and as the contest became hand-to-hand he wrested the flag from the hands of the rebel color-bearer and carried it from the field in triumph as a trophy of one of the most hotly contested battles of the war. Such acts of noble daring are seldom equaled and rarely surpassed. I therefore earnestly desire that the military authorities may properly appreciate his personal gallantry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. BARNES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Honorable E. M. STANTON.

Secretary of War.

Numbers 56. Report of Brigadier General Luther P. Bradley, U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade, of operations November 22-29, 1864.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, SECOND DIV., FOURTH ARMY CORPS,December 5, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to orders from the general commanding the division, I have the honor, very respectfully, to submit the following report of the operations of my brigade since leaving Pulaski, Tenn., November 22, 1864, to 5 p. m. of the 29th instant [ultimo]:

At 8 a. m. of the 22nd instant [ultimo] my brigade, consisting of the Fifteenth Missouri Infantry, Colonel Joseph Conrad commanding; the Forty-second

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

