
Illinois Infantry, Major F. A. Atwater commanding; the Fifty-first Illinois Infantry, Captain A. M. Tilton commanding; the Seventy-ninth Illinois Infantry, Colonel Allen Buckner commanding; the Sixty-fourth Ohio Infantry, Lieutenant Colonel R. C. Brown commanding, and the Sixty-fifth Ohio Infantry, Major Orlow Smith commanding, broke camp near Pulaski, Tenn., and moved north on the Nashville turnpike in the direction of Columbia via Lynnville; reached Lynnville at 2 p. m., and went into camp. We remained at Lynnville until 4 a. m. of the 24th instant [ultimo], when we took up line of march on the Nashville turnpike, moving north toward Columbia. We reached Columbia at 10 a. m., and went into position on the south side of the town, fronting south. We here built a line of works and remained in camp near them until 7 p. m. of the 25th instant [ultimo], when we changed position to the west side of the town and built a line of works; remained in camp near them until 9 p. m. of the 27th instant [ultimo], when we broke camp and moved across Duck River, and at 12 p. m. bivouacked on the north bank. We moved from there 8 a. m. of the 28th instant [ultimo], crossed Rutheford's Creek, moved to the left about one mile and a half, and went into position on the north bank of Duck River; built of works and remained in that position until 8.30 a. m. of the 29th instant [ultimo], where we broke camp and moved north on the Nashville turnpike in the direction of Spring Hill. My brigade on this day was the rear brigade of the division. When within about two miles of Spring Hill I received an order from General Wagner, commanding division, through Captain E. G. Whitesides, of his staff, to pull out of the road let the artillery pass. According to instructions I immediately moved to the right of the road, and let the artillery, consisting of two batteries, pass. Then moved on again and reached Spring Hill about 2 p. m., and went into position on the east side of the village, fronting east, and immediately threw out the Sixty-fourth Ohio Infantry as skirmishers. I put four regiments on the line, the Sixty-fifth Ohio on the right, the Fifteenth Missouri Infantry on the left of the Sixty-fifth, the Fifty-first Illinois Infantry on the left of the Fifteenth, and the Seventy-ninth Illinois Infantry on the left of the Fifty-first. I then had one regiment, the Forty-second Illinois, in reserve. I then received orders from General Wagner, commanding division, to advance my skirmishers. I immediately sent orders to have them advanced.

They had not advanced more than 300 yards when they became engaged with the enemy's skirmishers, but we drove them steadily before us for about three-fourths of a mile, when I sent orders to Lieutenant-Colonel Brown to halt, as he wa getting too far advanced.

In the meantime I had got the men to carrying rails with which to form some shelter in case we were attacked by a superior force. The men were busily engaged in the work when my skirmish line was attacked by superior numbers and driven back within 300 yards of my line of battle. I immediately got my men in line ready for an attack, and rode down to the skirmish line and found that it had been attacked by dismounted cavalry. The officers on the skirmish line reported to me tat the enemy was massing troops in front of our right. I immediately rode back to my line, and as I had no connection on my right or left, I was fearful that my flank would be turned, and believing that an attack would be made on my right I formed the Forty-second Illinois (the regiment i had in reserve) on the right of my line of battle and at an angle of about forty-five degrees to it. The Sixty-fourth Ohio Infantry, which formed the skirmish line, had by this time got entirely without ammunition, and as they were being steadily pressed back I ordered them in. When they had got in and reformed again, and supplied

