
with ammunition, I sent the regiment over on the right of the line in support of the Forty-second Illinois. As soon as the regiment had got into position as directed, a heavy column of infantry was seen approaching my line, threatening my front and right flank. We were soon furiously attacked in front and on the right flank, a brigade of the enemy swinging completely around the right of the Forty-second Illinois and the Sixty-fourth Ohio. We gave them a very destructive fire and somewhat staggered them in front, and have we had some support on the right, and the right flank not been turned, we could held our ground. After about ten minutes, the right and center were compelled to give way, and in some disorder, owing to the fact that over one-half of the men of these regiments were recruits and drafted men who had never been under fire, neither had they been drilled. The brigade fell back about a quarter of a mile, when it was rallied and placed in position by General Wagner, commanding the division. The subsequent movements of the brigade will be reported on by Colonel Conrad, who then assume and is now commanding the brigade.

The following are the casualties of the brigade: Commissioned officer - wounded, 5; wounded and missing, 5. Enlisted men - killed,17; wounded, 109; missing, 62. Total, 198.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. P. BRADLEY,

Brigadier-General.

Captain E. G. WHITESIDES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 57. Reports of Colonel Joseph Conrad, Fifteenth Missouri Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations November 29-December 1 and December 15-16, 1864.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, SECOND DIV., FOURTH ARMY CORPS,December 1, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to orders from the general commanding the division, I have the honor, very respectfully, to submit the following report of the operations of the Third Brigade, Second Division, Fourth Army Corps, from the evening of the 29th of November, 1864, to December 1, 1864.

I assumed command of the brigade after General Bradley had been wounded and just after the troops had been driven back. As soon as the men were rallied and the regiments reformed I placed them in position as follows, and as directed by the general commanding the division: The Forty-second Illinois to the right of the Nashville turnpike, fronting southeast; the Firty-first Illinois on the left of the Forty-second; the Seventy-ninth on the left of the Fifty-first; the Sixty-fourth Ohio Infantry on the left of the Seventy-ninth; the Fifteenth Missouri on the left of the Sixty-fourth, and the Sixty-fifth Ohio I held in reserve. I then threw out some skirmishers about 500 yards in advance of my line of battle, and had the composing my line of battle carry boards and rails and make a light line of works with them. At 4 a. m. of the 30th I received orders the general commanding

