
They were very prompt in carrying my orders, and assisted in rallying the men. Captain George Mueller is reported [missing]; when last when last seen he was very bravely endeavoring to rally the men.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH CONRAD,

Colonel Fifteenth Missouri Infantry, Commanding Brigade.

Captain E. G. WHITESIDES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, SECOND DIV., FOURTH CORPS,December 4, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with circular just received I have the honor to report following as the name of the captor of the flag captured by this brigade on the 30th ultimo: Sergt. A. Clark Copeland, Sixty-fifth Ohio Volunteers.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH CONRAD,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain E. G. WHITESIDES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, SECOND DIV., FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Huntsville, Ala., January 5, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to transmit herewith the reports of the different regiments in my command in accordance with circular received from headquarters Department of the Cumberland, dated Pulaski, Ten., December 27, 1864.

There were a great many swords, battle-flags, &amp;c., taken by the command at the battles of Spring Hill, Franklin, and Nashville, but as the regimental commanders report they were taken by the Twenty-third Army Corps, and not having transportation, the swords have been left behind and lost. I claim 100 prisoners and 1 piece of artillery taken by my command at the battle of Nashville, and while my men were taking the prisoners to the they were taken from them by the First Division, Fourth Army corps.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH CONRAD,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major J. B. SAMPLE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Fourth Army Corps.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, SECOND DIV., FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Decatur, Ala., January 8, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my brigade in the battle of Nashville on the 15th and 16th of December, 1864:

My brigade occupied a position on the main line to the right of the Hillsborough pike, about three miles from Nashville, Tenn., the First and Second Brigades of this division being on my right and left, respectively. On the evening of the 14th of December, 1864, I received

